Just a few words on this new find: - Great food. - Great prices. - Great service.
A review for this delicious little den has been long overdue...I've been putting it off simply on the fact that I've been wanting to keep it my own little secret.   I've only tried 1/500th of the menu but I can certainly attest that this place hits the spot in a way comparable to what a Terminator pinball machine could fling around your last quarters worth of fun.  Price-wise you get an awesome value and a delicious one at that. 2 hungry lunchtime escape artists can share an insanely FRESH salad, enjoy their superb little soups and be out the door in a heartbeat (Salads are pretty big). The staff is as friendly as it gets and they're helpful enough to give you little samples to taste of certain items in case you're unsure.  If you happen to enjoy potato salad, their version is an ode to all things Miami by substituting the potato for yuca. SO GOOD!  I could probably eat a whole plate of it. So basically the owner humbly says their Rueben isn't as impeccable as the ones in NY, I was so happy with mine and inhaled it in less than 6 minutes. I'll let you be the judge by letting you drool at the pic. It certainly hit the spot!
Moms home cooking, that phrase perfectly describes Chandlers Place. one of the best lunch places in the Gables. Chandlers Place is located in a quaint pink building off Alhambra circle, they offer delivery service but trust me you're gonna want to come in for the ambience. Chandlers place has by far the most attentive and sweet staff you'll ever meet, you walk in the door and everyone greets you with a smile. Whenever Chandler asks me how my day is going she's genuinely interested, it's so nice to come in and just buy a coffee and a sandwich and sit down and talk. Regarding the menu items, I have never been disappointed by a single thing I've eaten there; and that's saying something. I am incredibly indecisive, so I always ask Chandler what she recommends and her selection never disappoints. The specials are constantly changing so you definitely want to ask before you order. The chicken taco wrap is a must have item! The meatloaf with mashed potatoes and gravy? Delectable. The chipotle chicken salad? Mouthwatering. I could really go on and on about how tasty all the menu items are but it's best if you experience them yourself. If you're ever in the Coral Gables area make time and check out Chandlers Place!
Off menu item, El Camino is the best steak sandwich I've ever had! There's also healthier alternative the California Turkey
Great hidden gem! Started coming here about 3 months ago... Since the first day I felt like I had been coming for years... Excellent customer service, awesome food, and best of all affordable prices!
Little location with a whole lotta flavor!! Fresh meals with a great ambiance; A definite comeback!
By far one of the best places to grab lunch! Chandler is the nicest lady ever. Her staff is great too. There are always new things on the menu so you have many options to choose from. It can get hard since everything is delicious. Today I had the mango salsa chicken wrap with the garbanzos beans. Super yummy and highly recommended. The meals usually come with a drink. All for $10 or less. Definitely doesn't get better than that in the Gables!! Until next time :)
I found Chandler's Place after being told by a co-worker and it has become my go-to breakfast/lunch spot in the Gables. The cozy location and great staff really makes you feel like you're eating at home.  I mean, you even drink your perfect cafe con leche out of the adorable coffee mugs. EVERYTHING on the menu is delicious and all the sides are spectacular.  It's awesome places like Chandler's that make the Gables the place to eat in Miami.
Perfect lunch spot. Delicious food and wonderful service. If you work in the coral gables area this is a great spot to grab a bite on your lunch break. Everything I've had has been good, though I especially enjoyed the feta and tuna wrap.
Chicken Taco Wrap excellent! Great fresh food! Chandler is a sweetheart! Can't go wrong all food is fresh and delicious!
Just went to Chandlers Place for the first time but it will not be the last!! Cute little place with a great menu and absolutely delicious food. I had the special- half avocado filled with turkey salad, bacon bits and tomatoes and a chicken vegetable soup. Everything was super fresh, ripe and delicious. If I wasn't trying to be healthy I would have gotten the carrot cake, it looked amazing!
I am not sure what all these five star reviews are about. This place serves terrible food in a dreary atmosphere. I have been here three times and the third was the last. The three times i was here, each time the food came out incorrectly. I said no bacon once and the bacon came on it. Its really not that hard to listen. The atmosphere of the place is awful! DO NOT PLAN ON EATING INSIDE THIS RESTAURANT! You have Chandler screaming on the top of her lungs that an is order is up every 2 minutes. The restaurant is like sitting in a floral shop. There are only 3 tables. The restaurant is smaller than my bedroom. No joke! The food itself is very cheap quality. The chicken breast that i had was like rubber. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! BUYER BEWARE OF ALL THESE FIVE STAR REVIEWS! THEY CANNOT BE ACCURATE.
Delicious, reasonably priced, casual lunch/breakfast spot. If I lived closer or worked in the area I'd come every day!
Wow! What a great find! I stumbled upon this place while dropping my laundry off. Chandler and crew are friendly, professional, approachable and very accommodating. I ordered the caprese sandwich and a coffee. Ingredients were fresh and my sandwich was lite and delicious! For someone from the Midwest, this is a great taste of home! I will definitely be back (and they deliver)!!
Never had a bad meal there.  Entire staff is great.  Corned beef egg wrap is awesome.
Great sandwich not on menu!!! More than I could handle (says  a lot if you know me ) "Busted alla Carballo " or the el camino !! Family owned they really care how they run their restaurant !!! I really enjoyed it thank you for the hospitality. !!!!
First time here. Great breakfast spot.  Granola and yogurt were amazing. Cuban Toast was perfect.  Eggs were done just right and Joli makes the best coffee. Service from people here is second to non in this area. Everyone is so nice and attentive.
What can I say this place is right across the street from my office and we order from them constantly bc they are so good and the service is great and friendly. You can count on them every time.  Recently we decided to give their catering a try for a breakfast and the pastries were delicious. All homemade and a great selection. We ordered the assorted baked empanadas, assorted croissants and muffins and fruit skewers. Everything was really good.
Small hidden American diner tucked away off Miracle Mile. The servers here are friendly. They welcome you and answer any questions you may have. The sandwiches are made fresh here and are fairly priced. The only downside is that the only parking lot nearby is metered.
The lunch spot is amazing! I was looking for a new place to have lunch with my boyfriend (who loves sandwiches). Came across Chandlers because of the review on Yelp.  I had the mahi mahi with curry sauce in a wrap and it was the best! My boyfriend had a turkey sandwich they had as a special with BBQ and bacon and he loved his as well.  The employees here very nice. We say hi to Chandler, the owner, every time we come for lunch!   Love this place!
The best food and the nicest people!! Great and quick service. Best lunch spot in the Gables!
Food here is great. The service has always been top notch. Has a very homey feel when you've been there a few times and make small talk with the owners. They offer a monthly payment service that is not bad at all - IF - you plan on eating here every day but to switch it up they do have a variety of menu so it could be possible but I choose not to eat here every day. The breakfast seems to be overpriced especially when you account for the fact you can go to Subway and get a meal with a drink  less than half of what it cost there. Overall like this place.
Having the most phenomenal lunch and "do back flips for you" service I think I've ever experienced!  I am in HEAVEN and eating the most delicious salad I've ever had surrounded by the nicest people I've ever met working in a restaurant!  This is my FAVORITE LUNCH spot in Coral Gables!!!
Fantastic, spectacular, delicious, healthy, priced right, sizable portions, friendly service, you name it...everything good about dining. The waitresses even gave me a free cappuccino with my tasty Key Lime papaya pie. I can't say enough good about this place. Highly, highly recommended.
Very easy to miss this little tucked away, hole-in-the-wall spot, but they're awesome! You'll be sorry you ever missed it. Love their lunch! The staff is incredibly friendly and always treat you as family. Their food is high quality, well-made and prepared to your liking. Never disappointed! And such a bang for your buck!! :)
My boyfriend and I have been living 4-5 minutes from this Chandlers Place the past 3 years and never tried it, or really saw it.  Thank you Yelp for directing us here! Such a charming little place. It is little. So if its peak lunch hour during the week, consider  taking out. There are about 3 tables inside the restaurant and 2 outside as well as a bar next to the register to eat at. We walked in and was immediately greeted warmly and given the specials and recommendations. We received samples of their amazing mango salsa and even more spectacular desserts. My boyfriend had the Philly cheese steak and he was happily munching away on it. I ordered the Mahi Mahi wrap with Mango Salsa. Such a delicious medley of flavors!! Very refreshing and perfect for lunch. They're specials come with a drink and a side so it was a good deal. I tried samples of their key lime pie and Mango Coconut pie. and went back for second round of samples. It took all my will power not to get a huge slice of the  Mango Coconut pie that was staring at me in the dessert window!  To top off the excellent experience, the owner offered us cortaditos on the house. and of course they were served in adorable espresso cups.
Great place for a quick bite. Food is fresh, staff is friendly and service is extremely fast. Highly recommend.
It's very easy to like Chandler's Place. Their service is quick and friendly and their food is thoughtfully prepared. It's an ideal place to go for a lunch break or order delivery. Another plus about coming here is supporting a local business! It's the type of place you'll be glad you checked out and will want to go back! Oh and it's very reasonably priced, always a plus!
I must say that this tiny hole-in-the wall serves some darn good sandwiches and salads. We stopped in on the 4th of July since we were staying at the Hyatt Regency Coral Gables and just wanted something quick for lunch. We almost walked right by Chandler's Place...it was so small and with very minmal sines outside. Fortunately I saw the entrance and walked in. The staff was very nice to me and quickly prepared my Cobb Salad. I was shocked by how large and delicious the salad was. Lot's of avocado with a generous portion of grilled chicken. I actually snuck the salad into the pool area at the Hyatt and the people seated behind us commented by saying "if that's the salad, I think I'm getting it." The funniest part was that on our way down to the lobby after our time a the pool, we actually ran into the lady from Chandler's Place! She not only remembered me but also asked how I liked my Cobb Salad. Now, if that's not great service, I don't know what is!
Best little hole in the wall in the gables. The space is clean and the food is fresh. Everything is delicious and very very well priced for a gables lunch. There are a bunch of specials that change weekly, you should get one of those, though I have been told the pork sandwiches are the best, and almost always sell out. I had the Greek wrap. It was very fresh, large, and delicious. Wish I had known about it sooner.
This is a great place, food is great and the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating, the food is always fresh and it has a great atmosphere... Definitely one of my favorites for lunch
Great family owned sandwich shop.  Fresh, delicious and fast service.  Delivery times are impressive.
I live in the area and this is my spot, be it breakfast, lunch or dinner (granted you pick up dinner because they close early). It is mom's kitchen with some great people running it. The menu is constantly changing, James and Chandler are amazing and they make you feel so welcomed. I just had James' corned beef eggs and cheese wrap that melted my face. They make their own thousand island for that.
This place is UNBELIEVABLE.  I almost felt guilty that I paid so little for my meal today...and I am afraid of even posting such a fact because I'm scared some jerk will disagree with my review just so she doesn't raise her prices (which she should!).  I would have surely paid DOUBLE for my excellent lunch!!! I had the Pumpkin Soup and Key Lime Pie. The service was INCREDIBLE and the food equally delicious.  This is a great little gem of  a place and I will definitely stop by anytime I am in the area.  I only wish I had such a great cook at home!!
Friendly staff that offer great hospitality. Amazing 'daily specials' and its a must to indulge on their desserts. Will definitely be back!
I always wanted to make a good spot to call my own . I found it in chandlers place . I talk to the owners the cooks and delivery people . They all know who I am and by name . I have even brought my son there . I have always find myself ordering something new because there food always comes out fresh. There breakfast egg croissant sandwich is absolutely awesome !!!! There miami sandwich is huge for those hardy eaters. There deserts are always freshly baked .   There always ready to cater to what you desire even if its not on the menu . I have become of chandler place & have found myself there more then once on several occasions .
Amazing sandwiches, panninis, you name it! The service has always been fantastic too. Never a disappointment!
We ate here for breakfast the first time and lunch the second time.  Chandler is so nice and very friendly. Her kids work there too and are really attentive and very nice too. For breakfast I ordered the egg and cheese croissant sandwich and it was really big. So delicious! For lunch I had the chicken quesadilla and a chicken empanada, it was again really delicious. Next time we are in Coral Gables we will definitely be back!
Tried their pumpkin soup-- really good, gingery, will def get that again. Asked for a small baguette to go with it--fresh, warm, buttered for me. Cafe con leche-- she asked me how I like it and made it perfectly to my taste...WOW. the woman picking-up behind me got their pulled pork BBQ with guava spread sandwich special...I will be back to try that for sure.
I never thought I would enjoy a cold yuca salad (similar to a potato salad), but wow was it delicious.
I almost hate to write this review, because I'm afraid the place will get so popular there will be a line out the front door.  If that does happen, it will be for a good reason though.  Chandler (she owns the place) opened her take/out delivery establishment a couple of months ago and already I am a huge fan. there are a couple of eat-in tables as well as a small lunch counter. The menu is fairly traditional and all the food is fresh.  Her Summer salad and pork sandwich are delish!  But you must leave room for some pumpkin soup with ginger and the sinful desserts. Congratulations Chandler on a job well done and welcome to the neighborhood!!
Every time i call the person on phone is always courteous  they have fast delivery and they make things that aren't even on menu if i ask and they can do it they will service is great food is good and price you cant beat  i would tell everyone if you want to have a good lunch eat at this place
Food is great and the service is fast... Very friendly atmosphere, I recommend it highly.
i need a menu
