Why, oh, why can't you be open on days/times that make sense?! I can only comment on my one experience since every time I try to go there it never seems to be open. I just don't get it.  You're a unique, trendy-looking little spot with great sandwiches and coffee, but you don't open on a Sunday near one of the busiest areas of Miami. It just doesn't make any sense.
One of my favorite spots to go to. Best coffee in Miami. Cortaditos, coladas and café con leches here are AWESOME. The ladies in the window are always super nice and helpful. They aren't rude to English speaking customers which I find that they are in a lot of the Spanish restaurants down here. They put love and care into each little coffee. They have some great pastries like chocolate croissants, guava filled pastries and pan de bonos. They have good sandwiches as well, my favorite is the media noche. My mouth is watering as I'm writing this review. Check it out and enjoy!
If you want to drop in for a great coffee and pastelito, this is HANDS DOWN the best place in the brickell/Miami area.. The staff is super friendly and cafe is the best. How could I forget their breakfast sandwiches and hot breakfast! My favorite is the slow cooked scrambled eggs (whites like I like them) with tomatoes, cheese, onions and whole wheat tostada and cafe con leche. I'm not sure what magic they perform but they make taste so good! Besides cafe and delicious pastelitos and  empanadas, they serve stupendous sandwiches ! Drop in for a quick lunch and have a fancy sandwich. You won't be disappointed because they are all great. They have organic wines and a beer list as well if you want to grab a drink and just relax with some friends after work.
This place is cute, cozy and moving. I work around the corner and cannot get enough of this place. They are a traditional cuban cafe with a modern twist and talent for food. Everything in this place is great. I am a fan of their Tuna bonito on whole grain. It's probably the healthiest and tastiest tuna sandwich I have ever had. I have everyone hooked on it. If you come hungry snack on cheese croquetas (delicious!) or a garbanzo soup (fulfilling and good) ! Only wish they could deliver, but maybe soon they can look into it. Place is great!
Did not make it a five star review only because they never have my favorite chicken croquette available. You must try their croquettes when you go. The are so tasty: ham, spinach, bacalao (cod). I pass by in the way to work and grab some and my cafe con leche. Need to stop by for other items.
This Cuban cafe is located in an unassuming strip mall but don't let that hold you back from going. The inside is cute and decorated with assorted pictures, newspaper clippings and books. Our server was Sachi and she was a great help in deciding what to order. The service here was great! I started with a cafe con leche which is like a latte. It was absolutely delicious. Then I got a El Suizo Derretido sandwich. The bread was the right amount of crispy without being dry. I would recommend that sandwich if you are looking for a vegetarian option. I ended my meal with flan, which was delicious too.
This is the best sandwich I have ever had! The coffee was amazing as well. Parking is limited but well worth trying.
This place is adorable & the food is great!! Service was fantastic as well. A cute little spot to pop in for some cafe con leche and an empanda.
My husband was on the hunt for a Cuban sandwich and we came here. My first cuban sandwich. Nice place, casual, serving alcohol. Instead, we had the cafecito. It was sooo good. Then we had El Patria sandwich. It was delicious. Served on a skinny baguette. This is the only Cuban sandwich on the menu. They have an extensive list of sandwiches. I would definitely try their other popular ones.
If you're Cuban, you've heard it all before; what Cuba was like, what it could have been, the dreamers, the entrepreneurs, the beaches, the flavor. There is no doubt that Cuba had endless possibilities before communism and that it is a sad fact, especially to those who knew its beauty and potential, that it did not continue evolving into the perfect little island it would be today had it not been for a revolution. I never knew that Cuba. But I like to dream of what my life would have been like if things hadn't changed. And I swear that in those dreams existed Tinta y Cafe before it ever did on Calle Ocho. A mix of Old Cuban Jazz, Danzon, and other genres you would typically have heard "en una comparsa" plays in the cafe. Low enough to speak and think, and loud enough to enjoy. The walls mounted with bookshelves provide endless options to learn a little about Cuba's history, poets, music, take your pick, while you sip your cafesito (y tremendo cafesito at that). The staff feels like you're en casa de tu tia and she's serving you as if she hasn't seen you since you were 6. All smiles, all the time. Aside from all of the above, I realize this is a restaurant and you come here to eat. With that said, think one word: "Homemade". You have never eaten a Cuban sandwich like this unless your Abuelita made it. Maybe even better than the one she made you that time you had the flu, when she made sure to burn the cheese a little on the edges because it's how you like it..... Yeah... Exactly.   The overall experience at Tinta y Cafe is bitter sweet. I love the vibe, the people, the food, the feel, I want to sit here for hours thinking and writing and chit chatting with locals... but I can't help but wish "the locals" were back where my parents called home. I can't help but picture, in place of the shopping center across the street, Versailles Beach in the distance. I can't help but acknowledge that if Cuba were different Tinta y Cafe is the essence of the gems that would have flourished and attracted locals and tourist just the same. This place tells a story... and although I can't put it into a review, it's a story that will be told eventually. So go, sit, watch, eat, enjoy and if you're lucky, you'll walk away inspired (as I have) to tell it.
My friend and I visited "Tinta y Café" a couple of weeks ago, when we were on vacation in Miami.  We "loved" it.  We had bacalao (cod) croquetas, a ham and cheese panini, empanadas, cortadito and a café con leche.  We sat in their comfortable couch, browsed through a couple of magazines while they prepared our food, and had a wonderful time at this place.  It was nice and relaxing, and the food was wonderful. I look forward to going back to Miami to pay them another visit.
A coffee house y mas (and more)! That's what this place is all about - serving a Cuban counterculture in Miami by offering a place to drink coffee and snack on Cuban goods while discoursing anything that the Cubans at Versailles would be afraid to bring up. Against the Cuban embargo? The Cubans would kick your butt if you were against the embargo, but not the Cubans at Tinta y Cafe. They're leftist leaning (not necessarily communist, thank god) but they show as much love toward Cuba as the Cubans in Versailles. The croquetas here are well made and known in Miami. They have bacalao con espinaca (cod with spinach), jamon (ham), and queso (cheese) croquetas (croquettes). They have the whole Cuban coffee thing, and adding an American twist, cold Cuban Cafe con Leche on ice (think Cuban frappes here). They also have tostadas (buttered bread that's great with the coffee), fruit batidos (papaya, mamey, malteada, y trigo shakes). They have juices (orange, mango/guava, peach/tomato/v8, martinelli apple, peach/pear). And they have 12 sandwiches to choose from as well as empanadas, pastelitos, and bocaditos (little sandwiches). And they have soups, salads and desserts. So obviously, with some unique offerings, even by Cuban standards, this place is a modern Cuban standout that mixes the "unique" in Miami with the "traditional" Cuban fare in an upscale coffee house that actually looks like an intellectual coffee house with books, sofas, art works, and all! Miami definitely needs more Tinta y Cafes around the city.
Tasty sandwiches. Cute atmosphere. I would definitely go here again if I find myself in Miami.
This review is based purely on my disappointment! We came down to Miami from Hollywood in search of real, authentic, Cuban FOOD. What we got was a prissy coffee shop that made sandwiches. So bummed...we didn't even order anything. The good news is that we then found our favorite spot in Miami/Broward area! So although Yelp disappointed with this one, it redeemed itself with the next.
My favorite place in Miami! My wife and I stumbled upon this gem while doing some research to find a good, small/cozy place to get some Cuban food and coffee.  After watching a Youtube video of Bobby Flay at Tinta y Cafe, we decided that it looked like it fit the bill.   She had the special of the day, was a chicken dish with fried plantains and rice, I had the Tinta Y Cafe sandwich (pork, cheeses, sweet peppers, onions).  Food was TOP notch, coffee was great too. The people that were there, servers and customers were great as well.  We were visiting from VA and had some questions, and everyone was so helpful and friendly there.  Truly a great environment, with great customers and employees. Highly recommended.
SOOOOO good.  My husband wanted to try a traditional "Cuban" while were in the Miami area, and I'm so glad he did!!! He ordered the 'El Patria', which is ham, pork, swiss, pickles, and mustard.  The large is $9.25 and the small is $7.50...also, it came with banana chips.  My husband said it was the best he's had!   I ordered the El Gallego, which is cantimpalo, prosciutto, tomato, and manchego.  The large is $9.25 and the small is $7.75....also, it came with banana chips.  This is LITERALLY the best sandwich I have ever had.   It was such an amazing medley of flavors that I chewed each bite three times longer than I normally do just to savor them. The sandwich is on a French baguette - they put garlic on it and then toast it....yummmm!!!!!!!  In short, ORDER THIS ONE!!!!!!! :) Also, we ordered one of each of the croquettes they make - fish (cod), spinach, chicken, and ham.  The spinach and chicken were okay, the ham tasted like a Hot Pocket (which reminded me of my younger years - so good!), and the fish was literally amazing.  Our waiter told us that the cod croquettes are imported from Spain and made with a special sauce...we believe it!!!!!!!  Definitely try them.  Each croquette is only $0.85 each. :) Lastly, the parking is a bit tricky.  We stopped in the shoulder near the entrance to the parking lot until a car left in order to get a spot!
My husband and I love this place! The food is great, Cuban coffee is amazing and the atmosphere is very authentic! Only wish they were open on Sundays to satisfy our cravings but can't fault them for that! Definitely try the iced cafe con leche - you won't regret it!
Ok tourists and others listen up. This is a nothing fancy cheap and clean place to get a real cafe con leche and a Cuban sandwich that are excellent. Follow the local and enjoy the real Miami
So I've been meaning to try this place since oh let's say, FOREVER! Tinta is a place I'm probably 5 minutes away from but have never stopped by due to the rush hours and madness of going to Starbucks because hey, they know my order and I'm out the door. On this early hour lunch, I decided to stop by since a friend works there and was highly recommended. I was instantly smitten by their old fashioned/modern decor, the cafecito aroma in the air, and of course the amiable greeting with a smile which is so hard to find these days. Although indecisive with the menu, we went with two cafe con leches, a croissant with scrambled eggs, ham, and cheese, and who can forget "el croqueton".   It's funny how you await your meal with mind wrenching thoughts of the traffic back to work, scarfing down your food so you have time, and undoubtedly, how fast will the service be so the other two could be done properly. I can honestly admit, I experienced all of the above because the staff was so accommodating to everyone who was present and pleasantly slow-paced, that I was freaking out. It goes without saying, that our cafe con leches disappeared over our light conversation and our food was done right when we took our last sip. Both sandwiches were also vanished from sight over our mouthful oohs and aahs. All of this and I drove back to work with a colada in hand? Que rico! Can't wait to go back.
Have you ever been on vacation and wished that you can take an establishment back with you? This is the exact affection I feel for Tinta y Cafe. Being a new comer to Cuban food, I yelped to discover what other opinions on Miami's top Cuban joints and found this cute little cafe situated between the end of Calle Ocho and Brickell. Arriving a little late in the afternoon, the woman who I believe was the owner was so nice to us and really articulated the intentions of the menu in a way that was so easy to understand and navigate. I went with a friend so we split a sandwich, ordered their AMAZING croquetas, and each had some type of milkshake concoction. I was overly amazed at everything from start to finish including the service, food, and decorations. I would definitely return to try an array of their sandwiches which seem to be made with high quality ingredients. Since my visit I have tried several croquetas and none seem to match Tinta y Cafe's spinach croqueta. I'm going to rave about this little joint to every person I know from Miami until the cows come home.
These are my favorite sandwiches (yes plural) in this city. No fringe ingredients, just a well balanced, perfectly crisp and pressed baguette sandwich. Go for the full sandwich might as well for 2 extra bucks and you might have a snack later. The mariquitas they serve with it can fill you up. And once you exhaust all varieties of sandwiches they have, you'll quickly learn that their daily specials will never let you down. The "Picadillo" contests moms. Don't forget to check out the Hemingway in Cuba book on the shelf
Tried this place today and really liked it. The girl who owns it is super friendly and down to earth. She claims that her secret ingredient is love, and I believe her. Sandwiches are great and come in full or half portions. Daily specials change all the time and the batido de mamey is made with real condensed milk... and that's just heaven! I will definitely be coming back to this cozy little spot on 8th St.
Hey now!  WOW!  What a sweet find in downtown Miami.  We almost missed it since we actually stopped here on the Fourth of July to find it closed.  But the reviews were so good, we decided to put off our trip into Miami Beach the following day until after lunch so that we could stop by here.  The coffee is insane -- definitely the best coffee I had in Miami (and it's a pretty high bar there.)   They have croquettes and empanadas ready to go if you're in a hurry, but the sandwiches are worth waiting for.  we had a cuban club with olive tapanade and a pavo real with guava preserves and cream cheese.  oh my ... what a combo. and super fresh!  I am thrilled we gave the place a second go. It's a tiny place, with counter seating and some mismatched tables/chairs and a little sofa coffee table area.  Odd (but surprisingly diverse) book selection on the wall shelves.  Our server was GREAT!  She was very helpful, friendly, made us feel like we were regulars.  What can I say, I wish they would open in Philly ... Not enough parking in front of the shop, but we found several available free spots around the corner, if you don't mind your car being out of view.
I heard about this place from a friend who told me to go here because Robert (Bobby) Flay came here and loved it. This hip little cuban coffee house serves up some of the some great coffee as well as some of the most creative sandwiches in Miami. Quite progressive if you ask me. My personal favorite sandwich is the El Gallego. (cantimpalo, prosciutto, tomato, and manchego). Also, the cuban club is very good. The Croquetas and Empanadas are top notch as well, probably the best on 8th street. As for the coffee, I have yet to leave unsatisfied. They serve an excellent cup of strong cafe con leche. I believe they use a house roast of sorts. Finally, the ICED CAFE CON LECHE is awesome..... DUH! Why doesn't anyone else serve this more than appropriate for Miami beverage? Come on people, its 2000 degrees outside on a daily basis.  Drinking scorching hot coffee is just not an option sometimes, and this common sensical drink allows takes care of that. The staff is cool/friendly too, unlike most other coffee spots near by.
I loooove their sandwiches and cortadito!!!!!  My favorite sandwich is the Tuna-bonito.  It's a tuna sandwich to a whole other level!!!!  It is served with a whole lot of lovin.  Then,  I always have a cortadito with evaporated milk for dessert.  :) I have been their customer since it first opened in 2006.  It is as family owned restaurant and a beautiful family at that.  Carlos, Malu,  Martica and crew will make you feel right at home! (They also serve beer and wine and a daily special of one home cooked meal a day, which is very recommended).
Eating at Tinta y Café was one of the highlights of my most recent Miami Trip. We located this restaurant thanks to yelpers! I really enjoyed the ambience of this small spot! Very welcoming. Our waitress was friendly  and provided us with some great food recommendations. The wine paired perfectly with our Cilantro Mayo Sandwich. If I do decide to visit Miami again, Tinta Y Café will be on my agenda, I'm officially a fan of Cuban food!
I run into this place because I was working in the area. It is located in one of the most commercial and active areas in miami, Brikell. This is definately one of the best cafe shops in twon, the ambiance is homey, music is great, the attention really great and their coffe is delicious! Its a small family run business, so that assures you that they care. Yu can come in any time a day to enjoy one of the best "cafecitos" in miami. Their menu us very creative and from all the things I've tried, pick anything! You won't go wrong! Overal, i love it!
This place is spectacular.  Bar seating for a quick bite, couch seating for a lounging afternoon.  Everything was so delicious, especially the Callejero sandwich.
LOVE IT! Cafe con leche is fantastic and the food is the BOMB! Do not be put off by the strip mall location. Inside, it's really cool.
Love it. I visited Tinta after having a particularly bad morning. I just wanted to sit and chill con a bit of cafe. I really dig the fact that you can walk in, or access the cool little walk up window, which is what I did. There was a great little prelunch vibe going on...great atmosphere. The cat at the window was friendly and super helpful and cute. I like it. I ordered my shot of Espresso and sat at one of the outside tables reading the menu. Delish cawfee. Nice and varied menu. I wasn't hungry, but did grab an Empanada to bring back for bf- he loved it. We'll definitely be back for a meal.
Great Cafe Cubano, not like the gasoline at 99% of the other Cuban Coffee windows. Place looks interesting. I will need to  come back and try the food.
What a cool little spot!  This place has a nice chill, laid back vibe similar to Starbucks, except without being quite so loud.  Everything seems to be fresh and yummy!  I actually ended up here by chance because I stopped in the lot next door while I got my bearings on the way to a doctor's visit.  Since I remembered the raves on Yelp, I figured I'd drop in for a tiny snack. I had my first watermelon juice ever here and it was sooo yummy and refreshing!  I loved that it was fresh-tasting, light, and not at all overly sweet.  Amazing!  I wish I'd gotten the pineapple, too! I also had a pastel de queso, which was also tasty.  The pastel de guayaba y queso, although it didn't have the filling going quite as far to the edges as I like, had some really delicious guava filling.  It tasted really fresh and, again, not overly sweet.  You could really taste the guava as if you were eating the actual fruit.  Neither was my absolute favorite, but they were both very good and among my favs for sure!  If I had gotten plain guava, I bet it would be among my favs.  I am really picky about my pasteles de guayaba y queso, and for me, this one didn't have quite enough cheese for my taste. On top of everything, the service is friendly and cool, and even the patrons are cool.  The girl at the counter gave me some great recommendations.  Apparently the square empanada and the pastelitos de queso are especially delish.   I am definitely hoping I can stop by here again.  I wish I'd dropped in here earlier so I could hang around and do work inside.  Maria was right about this place being perfect to get some work done. If they do catering, I'd highly recommend it because things were really good in here.  Maybe next time I'll have to try a sandwich.
this cafe stands between two conflicting worlds: little havana and brickell. The solution? Chillaxin. You will miss this place unless you look closely. It's tucked in a shopping center near the freeway with only a sign and an outdoor counter to indicate its existence. In terms of cuban coffee, this is some of the best. They sell their own roasts, and serve it up. This isn't your mama's pilon!But the prices are more calle ocho than brickell so don't worry. They also have juices they sell. I had a passionfruit one time, and it was super tasty, not too sweet at all. Their pastries are a step above too. The guayaba y queso had lots of.... well guayaba y queso and a flaky crust. This is definately an .80$ pastry not a .60$ pastry. They also have wine, sandwhiches, and a pretty hefty desert menu. Mostly what I like about the place is that it is super relaxed. The wait staff are all very friendly, and no one bugs you if you linger to read or enjoy the free newspapers. People will engage you in conversation (or me anyway), and it has the neighborhood coffee shop feel I haven't found elsewhere in Miami, deadened by crazy prices and the sterility of wealthy culture. My only complaint is their hours. They're open normal m-f 9-7 or something and only minimally on the weekends. This is good for the workers, but bad for people like me who want to lounge about somewhere on the weekend. Understandable though, I doubt it'd be profitable. Sometimes people call this the liberal cuban coffeeshop. Except for having art books and an obama painting I'm not sure what they mean. I guess if you don't have that, non-cubans assume you're in alpha-66? Brilliant.
Loved this cafe. My boyfriend had the El Patria sandwich which was good but dry in comparison to the sandwich that I got. Unfortunately, I don't remember the name of the sandwich and it's not on the web, but it was the only sandwich with sautéed onions and cilantro mayo. Ugh delicious. We both had cortaditos which are soooo good, but the caffeine content was insane. We came late in the day ~5PM so they were already out of empanadas which was a bummer.
Thank you, yelpers! If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have known this place existed. I ordered the Gallego sandwich with cantimpalo, prosciutto, manchego cheese and tomato... it's DELICIOUS!! It was $9.25 and included a small bag of Mariquitas chips. Their menu can be found on their website, tintaycafe.com They only have about 3 parking spaces in front of their shop, FYI.
The cilantro mayo sandwich is to die for! Where else can you eat pastelitos and borrow a philosophical book? Love!! If you are in the area go immediately; if not, get in the car and go!
Excellent coffee, croquet, and Cuban sandwiches...
Located in an unassuming building at the intersection of 8th Street and I-95, this place is one of a kind. Cuban coffee house and lunch stop with a modern twist, this place is young, friendly, delicious, authentic and not your abuelito's cuban coffee shop. Highly recommended!
Super cute waitress.  Imagine a younger/thinner Penelope Cruz.  Oh, they also have amazing food. Experience: The staff was very friendly.  The space is a bit small with limited seating.  I can imagine a bit of wait during rush hour.   Food: Just about every sandwich you get is amazing.  I personally like the el pollo pollo (chicken).  It wasn't dry like most chicken sandwiches and the touch of butter on the bun was perfecto! Overall: I would love to come here again...my next visit to MIA.
Sandwiches were delicious, and the coffee was pretty well done. Basic place, but had a nice vibe. It's a bit hard to find - we had parked across the street, and almost couldn't find it.
Hadn't been back to Miami in years, this was the Cuban food I was missing.
Once we found it, this place exceeded all my expectations. I loved the atmosphere, the local feel, and of course the food. We were clearly the only tourists/first timers in the place, but were not made to feel out of place in the least. Now, onto the food. I had a beef empanada and my parents split a tostada con queso which was essentially a grilled cheese sandwich, but it was so SO GOOD. For our meals, we shared El Patria (the traditional Cuban sandwich) and damn it if I can't remember the name of the other one. It must be a special as it's not on their website menu. It had chicken, prosciutto, cheese, caramelized onions, and cilantro mayo. Whatever it was called, it was BANGIN'! My only complaint was the fact that they had incense burning in a few spots throughout the cafe. I'm not a fan of incense to begin with, but when the food being prepped in this restaurant smells as good as it does here, please put that crap out and let the food take center stage.
This place is super quaint and feels like your in your house. There are few seats. Great to pick up a quick snack, lunch, or coffee. Parking sucks like a lot of other places in Miami but not impossible...no big deal. I always go for breakfast...tostada or ham and cheese tostada. Eggs too sometimes...always delish! Service is okay. You come in order what you want and eat. No special service. If you want a soda you can get it yourself from a glass refrigerator just like at home! So quaint that the cook knows exactly what the regulars like. I come here when I just want to think or chill out! No waiter on my a** waiting for me to move so that they can bus the table. Great place...unique setting...great food...and super cool energy!
Great sandwiches (La Patria and El Guajiro), empanadas, coffees, and desserts. We also loved the fact that 6 of us ate all of the above for $55 including tip. The staff was friendly, helpful and attentive. The atmosphere is very cool --- inside it looks a lot more inviting perhaps than from the outside. As the name suggests it looks like a library inside --- although this library has a bar and great food. Try the desserts too --- we loved the flan and had la timba (guava and cream cheese) for the first time and loved it.
Big fan of Tinta. 4.5 stars easy. Google and Yelp led me to try out Tinta y Cafe. I was sadly here in Miami during Tropical Storm Issac's rampage, and they were closed when we tried coming on the Sunday. However, they were open a few days later, and we walked here from downtown. Tinta is small, but quaint. The waitress was very friendly, and she recommended the callejero sandwich. The cafe con leche is also widely recommended, and we ordered that as well. We followed up everything with the flan. Everything was quite delicious, and the Cuban sandwich really delivered. Very flavorful, and prices were reasonable as well. Being that I am novice to Cuban-style food, I probably cannot speak much about it. However, I did have a great time here, and everything was very satisfying. I like this place a lot.
This place embodies an ambiance that says, "when your here you are one of us." The staff ranges in age and it seems to be a family effort, though not one of them is any less genuine than the others. They have a charismatic approach to their interaction with each other and frequenting guests alike. the decor is modern and simplistic.  the vibe is comfortable and hip. overall well done on avoiding the old-school feel of other cuban businesses while maintaining a sense of culture throughout. They have a custom roast of coffee and a machine that delivers it with superfluous amounts of crema and flavor-ohh and they have raw sugar(brown sugar). The menu is full of cuban delights, coffees(obviously), sandwiches, soup,  shakes, wine!!(beer) and desserts(even vegan dessert!) either all made in house with love or locally sourced (looooove this) So far it seems that just about everyone who goes there is a regular or soon will be.  Why spend money anywhere that doesn't keep this place in business? for close to a dollar you get  much more than a cup of tremendous cuban coffee. with enough coffee shops in the united states to lose count, this one sets itself apart as one to notice and indulge in.
I love this tiny little gem of a restaurant!!  From breakfast to lunch, I have never had a bad meal in this place. The service is always friendly.  It can be slow at times but this is only because they are so busy.  They are always mindful of who arrived first and everything is made to order.  The coffee is the best in Miami and eating here gives you the feel of being at a friends house. I would give it more stars if I could!
If I could give it 10 stars I would.  I've been coming here for years...there is no coffee like this anywhere. Never can I have just one cup...3 minimum!  The food is just as good....let me stop I need to order another cup
My bf and i were vacationing in miami and wondering where was the best place for our daily caffeine. Found Tinta y Cafe on yelp and wanted to give it a try. We were glad we came!! Everything was so good. Coffee con leche and the flan are the way to go! We even came back on our way back to NYC.
OMG!  whata hidden GEM!!! love love this place! great service, FOOD and FLAN!!!! I recomennd this place to anyone who likes great service, cuban food and eccentric atmostphere!
I made my way to Tinta y Cafe around 2 p.m for an afternoon coffee - cuban style.  Tinta is located on the edge of Calle Ocho - 8th Street which is the main street of Little Havana.   I ordered a Cortadito to start - espresso, sugar, splash of milk.  Great coffee, smooth and strong.  The cuban fancy their coffee with a lot of sugar so if you are a bit apprehensive about that you may want to tell them to hold the sugar.  My next round, I order the El Cafecito - espresso with a bit of sugar - again smooth and strong.   There was a group of a bout 8 local Cubans having lunch and relaxing while I was there and several other locals dropped by for a quick coffee.  Great place to stop for Cuban coffee, the food looked interesting as well, authentic homemade sandwiches - too bad I was full at the time.  This cafe is a nice relaxing place to chill out and talk over some good strong coffee.
Their café con leche is THE best in Miami. Their sandwiches are really good (love la francesita) and their empanadas are just delicious! Perfect place to get a quick & delicious breakfast!
This lil joint is great for lunch when you're in Brickell.  The ladies behind the counter are always nice, even if it sometimes takes a little while to get your food. Speaking of the food, try the spinach croquettes - AWESOME. Sandwiches, I'm a big fan of the seared pork, the tunabonito (capers in tuna salad = in love), and if you have a sweet tooth - their take on the MonteCristo. If you're in there on the right day the Ropa Vieja is absolutely bomb...As are their fresh juices.  Working in Brickell I'm here at least once a week!  In short, one of the few good Cuban spots in 33130.
3.5-star food, 4-star effort, plenty of potential.  This is your corner sandwich shop with a modern, artsy, Cuban twist.  Feels like a college campus type eatery which is charming, quirky, and reasonably solid.  And it is all sandwiches folks as it appears there is no real kitchen area.  There are salads as well as croquettas/empanadas sitting in a warmer too. OK, the details: I had a sandwich with chicken, manchego cheese, grilled onions, thin slices of sausage, and prosciutto.  It was tasty and I liked how they toasted it well melting the cheese a bit and making the outside crunchy.  Ham croquetta was good as was the tomato & cheese empanada - 3 out of 5 stars.  The cortadito with condensed milk was standard fare and very decent.  But these days I can get a toasted cuban style sandwich at the Publix deli, I need something different, something to justify the long walk to Tinta y Cafe and the $10 price tag (Publix is around $5, though not as tasty) All in all, the food here presents itself like good food your buddy made at his house for lunch but wont wow or isn't anything you haven't seen before.  I'd definitely recommend more daily specials and sandwiches that are less similar to one another in order to inject a bit of excitement into the menu.  This place is charming and does have potential, hope they manage to spice things up a little! Accommodations & Parking: The place itself has 3 tables and a few seats at a tiny bar, in other words, there isn't much room to sit down. The last 4 chairs were taken so I had to join my colleagues' table sitting on a tiny foot stool.  I've certainly dealt with worse for exciting cuisine, but not for an ordinary sandwich.  Parking is tight, wouldn't count on it.  Place seem family/friend run with very friendly staff.
Cozy local spot with friendly service.  Empanadas and turkey sandwich with cilantro mayo was delicious.  The plantain chips were super good.  A little on the pricey side, but it was quality.  Parking can be tough.  Convenient to go window where you can stand and eat your food and enjoy your espresso.
When my hubby said he was taking me for Cuban sammies I was pleasantly surprised with this place!  More of a cozy cafe vibe than I was expecting .  Best cafe con leche ever, I usually don't favor this drink but I love it here.  Anyway what I loved the most were the sandwiches.  Fresh turkey, manchego cheese, pesto... Mmmm good.  I keep begging my husband to take me back here for lunch but we always grab a quick coffee to go.   I've been craving the Sammies my entire pregnancy though.   The one thing that sucks is its cash only but the food makes up for it.
Great cozy Cuban coffee house. It a lot nicer than the cafeterias I'm used to as a kid. Great coffee,  some basic beer and wine selection, yummy eats, nice staff and modern music. If La Carreta and Starbucks had a baby, this would be it.
Excellent! Love the cortadito and their breakfast sandwiches are fresh and tasty. Great morning spot.
This place has really great cafe con leche. Some of the best I have ever had, in fact. They also have quite a few tasty sandwich options. The food is well above average. The turkey they use in the sandwiches is really delicious and I like the manchego use here as well.  Service is fine. The prices are actually surprisingly reasonable (which is always nice).  The set-up of this place is unique. They have a walk up window, a bar area, and a couple of tables  that almost have the feel of someone's den.  It's just a nice place to grab a coffee and sandwich.
The place is very cool. Really enjoyed the atmosphere, but the Cuban sandwich known as La Patria was not what I hoped for. Dry pork.  Lack of flavor.  The best Cuban I have had was not in Miami. In fact, they all seem to have dry pork.  Is that what "you people" like?
Went for cafe con leche and ended up having lunch. Fried grouper and the special cuban pork sandwich. I had the sandwich which is the specialty of the house. It was pretty big and delicious. The bread was so crisp. I recommend it if you are in little havana and want a cafe or sweet or sandwich. I had a cortadito to finish and was very happy (it was my first ever)! I only say I probably won't return because I do not know when my next trip to Miami will be.  Service could have been a little more attentive (and my Spanish isn't that good).
This was a great find!  Went while on vacation and ordered their Tinta y Cafe sandwhich and it was delicious.  Also had their "El Pecado" coffee and man was it sweet!!  Their flan is also very good, though the consistancy was more like that of a cheesecake.  The place is small and parking was a bit of an issue, but the food and service were great.  We went at around 3pm so it wasn't very crowded and were able to find seating.
The rating is mostly for the coffee which was superb. Service was so-so, maybe she had a bad day. The decoration was excellent so cosy. And my swiss panini was perfect. The chocolate orgasm I had for dessert tasted like fridge I am afraid.
I think I found this place through Yelp and New Times.  It is a cute, inexpensive, Cuban cafe.  It's at the end of a little strip center with a small parking lot and lots of car traffic, but not much foot traffic.  You can walk up to their window and order, maybe take a seat at the bar tables on the sidewalk, but I recommend going inside for a respite from the heat.  It feels like a diner with the counter, a cafe with the atmosphere, and almost a bookstore with the couches and tables and books.   There is a great menu with lots of options - salads, sandwiches, soups, desserts, booze, and coffee.  I wanted to try the cafe con leche, having heard it's sweeter than a Vietnamese coffee, but I'm super-sensitive to caffeine.  I arrived in the late morning, but early enough before the lunch rush.  The air was quiet, but the window was steadily busy.  There seemed to be quite a few regulars and many greetings and pleasantries exchanged in Spanish.  The employees were very nice and helpful toward this noob.  I went with the El Pave Real sandwich because the standard Cuban sandwich was not ready pre-lunch rush and I hate cilantro.  This sandwich was turkey on a toasted roll with guava spread.  I also had to have the flan which was rich, delicious, and not too sweet.  Sitting at the counter, I self-refilled my water with the pitcher set out and happily munched on the delicious crispy plantain chips side.   I would've loved to stay longer and chat with the friendly locals, but had to catch a flight.  They're on Twitter and Instagram and you can follow them for deals.
This place is awesome. I haven't had such good espresso since Portugal! It was delicious. The sandwiches were amazing and the perfect size/texture/flavors; well done! I'm so happy that we were able to find this cafe, the search was worth it. Keep up the amazing work
Good Coffee, Good Snadwhich, hard parking, worth it if your in area
I discovered Tinta y Cafe two years ago as I work nearby.  I go regularly with my boss and my husband, and we all love the food and the ambience.  I tell people that it's the only upscale cuban cafe in the city.  I come from Seattle, home of the espresso coffee revolution, and I absolutely love the idea of mixing the idea of upscale coffee house with Miami's unique Cafe Cubana.  There should defnitely be more of these throughout the city. We've just dicovered the omelets, which are superb, lovingly made to order behind the counter.  I've also enjoyed every sandwich I've tried, and have a particular favorite empanada with tomatoes and onions.  Very unique. They have the best Cuban coffee blend, and the best fresh pastries.  I might stop at other Cuban coffee windows for a quick fix, but I love to hang out at Tinta y Cafe.
Just lovely! Close to 95 and great coffee,  people, vibe!
Since I moved away from Miami, there has been a disturbing influx of European and New Yorker immigrants that have slowly altered the real Miami I love into a "New York of the South."  These newbies coming into Miami don't care about the incredible culture, history, and real food that was already here long before they were born, they care more about reshaping Miami into their home away from home.  There's evidence of it everywhere.  Tinta y Cafe is one of the more negative aspects of these influences.  I came here expecting Cuban like yelp said, and I got European.  The only thing remotely Cuban here that I tried is the ham croquettas.  They were pretty damn good, not like my Abuela's, but still very good.  Other than that, every other dish on their menu is some French/Italian elitist sandwich trying to pose as something spectacular.   The cafe con leche is AWFUL.  This is not uncommon amongst hipster restaurants attempting to do Cuban food.  There is this horrible place in New York that is equally overrated called Cafe Habana and just like Tinta y Cafe, Cafe Habana sells and promotes their cafe con leche as the BEST anywhere, yet when you taste it, it tastes no different than a generic starbucks latte.  I resent the fact that even though European coffee is terrible and Cuban coffee is delicious, these hipster places have the gall to make a European foamy, tasteless latte and then call it cafe con leche.  The reason so many people love it on yelp is because yelp is full of counter-culture followers AKA hipsters who will jump to love anything that is ironic, different, artistic, or has a complicated name.  All of the real Miamians I know do not like this place at all and especially their generic and tasteless coffee.   Go further west on calle ocho to El Pub or El Cafeteria to find out how much better a real cafe con leche is compared to this gas-producing, overpriced, and oversized latte.  May God strike me dead right now if the cafe at Cafe Roma for instance is not as good as these European bastardizations.  You can find better coffee at just about every other Cuban cafe in Miami because those are actually real Cuban cafes, this is a Hipster/European bastardization of a great product.  The sandwiches are mundane and don't have anything Cuban in them.  All sandwiches are adorned with French bread and Italian ingredients. French baguettes can in no way compare to real pan Cubano.  There's nothing cool or ironic about substituting a great bread that makes sense for the sandwich for a mediocre bread.  There's nothing cool and ironic about ignoring real Cuban recipes and replacing it with European ones which you would never find in Cuba.   They also come with disturbing hipster creations like aioli, chipotle whatever, cilantro mayo,  and mojo sauces instead of just real mojo. If you're going to be European, call yourself European.  If you're going to have beatnik seats and tables, call yourself European.  If you have pretentious books everywhere ranging from Art Deco to Existentialism, yet don't have a decent cafe con leche, please don't call yourself Cuban.  This is a European hipster cafe with the tiniest dash of Cuban influence because the hipsters are now overflowing Miami and trying to change Latin food to incorporate their insane obsession with Europe.  The Cuban element is barely noticeable here to an informed Cuban food lover.  They just have the syntax and the labels down to appease the follower mentality of hipsters. I suppose to them it's "cute" to keep reproducing European culture and only adding the tiniest dash of Cuban influence only because this particular hipster establishment happens to be in Miami.  If this hipster establishment was in Los Angeles, it would be a complete European restaurant like this with the tiniest hint of Mexican influence.  In Cafe Habana in New York, they call themselves Cuban, the name is Cuban, yet all the decorations inside and food is from Mexico and Europe. There are posters for Mexico's Dia de Los Muertos for crying out loud!  I don't find that cute and ironic, I find the constant obsession with Europe to be nauseating, boring, and indicative of a true follower mentality.  These hipsters who are obsessed with Europe come from a completely different background and yet they throw that background away and join the cult to follow another set of people's backgrounds because they find it to be more cool, cute, artsy, and ironic.  If you're from Ohio, be an Ohioan, if you're from Central America, be Central American. If you're from anywhere in America and then moved to New York or California and found yourself transforming into a hipster, you may want to escape the cult while you can and get back to your real roots because it's a shame to throw them away just to follow other people's roots. They pride themselves on being independent and different, but in reality, hipsters are the biggest followers out of all of us.
very unassuming, to the right of chick n grill.  doesn't fit the usual cuban place atmosphere along calle ocho.  got the countertop window, yes, but the rest of it is like an upgraded hip coffee shop version.  I had their 'tinta y cafe' special sandwich which was quite good, freshly pressed baguette bread with olive oil, prosciutto, pulled pork, mantego cheese, roasted peppers, caramelized onions the empanads, pastelitos, had been sitting around for awhile, but they probably get more traffic at lunch
Very interesting place. Hippie meets Cuban. Incense burning. Philosophy and history books. Wine. Cuban food and coffee. Friendly service. Only in Miami.
The best sandwiches and cafe con leche in Miami.
fijate lo que te voy a decir! que sangwish mas rico me comi hoy. my co-worker was taking orders for Tinta y Cafe and since i had never eaten from there, i googled their menu. lots of things sounded enticing, but i settled on the mini italiano with mozzarella, prosciutto, tomato and basil. estaba riquisimo!!! it came with a bag of mariquitas which i thought was a nice touch. please note that this review is only for the italiano sangwish as i did not actually visit the restaurant.
Everything was good! It was early on a thursday, so they did not have too many options for pastries, etc. The cortadito con evaporada was the best of the coffee options. The servers were great too and so friendly.
The ONLY coffee house in Miami in my opinion. Quality, atmosphere and great company :)
If you're looking for a quaint spot to plop down and feel creative about eggs and a cafe Cubano, then this is your spot! It is not your regular downtown miami idea of a quick meal, and yet it still upholds any authentic 'latin' cuisine ratings. They have beer and wine, and coffee and breakfast, and sandwiches and soup.. You get the point. Jump off I-95 at any time of day and rest assured that what you find in here, you will be happy with.
I was visiting Miami last week from LA and, dying for lunch, chose this place based on the Yelp reviews.  I am gluten sensitive, so ordered a salad.  I thought, well, this place looks fancy, I bet they use fancy ingredients to make that $14 salad.  Nope.  Nothing more than some wilted mesclun mix, canned corn, and hot house tomatoes.  Total bummer.  Maybe just stick to coffee and pastries? I took a bunch of matchbooks and mints on my way out to make up for it.
We had coffee, flan, salad and of course a sandwich. It was all awesome! Ambiance is nice, clean and casual. I would give them 5 stars, but the red beans with chorizo were pretty good, but not great. However, would go back in a heartbeat!
I loveD this place.  The Gallego sandwich was fabulous as was the fresh squeezed oj.  Very nice atmosphere! I want to go back and try other sandwiches and pastries.  Parking can be limited
Best cafe in Miami.  The sandwiches are great and so are the croquets.   Friendly staff and good service.
locals only joint i ass-u-me. as we walked in everyone looked up at us like in the old fashioned western movies when the big bad boy busts open the swinging doors into the saloon. we had a tuna and the turkey sandwich. very very interesting flavors in each, the turkey had an olive tapenade in it i think and the tuna was just a tuna salad. both came with plantain chips. again the orders were in spanish so be Prepared ! we also got the cafecito which was espresso with sugar. it was really good, strong and bold, but viscous like lidocaine  or syrup for those without dysphagia :D
Very authentic, with great service. My teenager and myself both enjoyed our sandwiches
Delicious - everything is: the coffee, empanadas and the sugary cheese pastry.  They were really nice too :) Small parking lot but who cares?! We took it to go on the way to the Keys, made for an awesome start to our trip =D
Service and food is 5 stars! Our server was friendly and helpful. I wanted the mamey baldito but they ran out. Instead I got the malteada. It was one of the best milkshakes I've ever tried. The sandwiches were all good. Had the El Gallegos, their house special and the Cuban sandwiches. Oh and can't forget the iced cafe con leche. It was good and strong as hell! I would recommend this place to anyone. Gotta try it!
If you're in the Little Havana/West Brickell area and want to go somewhere with a cozy environment and yummy food (the flan is a slice of heaven), then this cafe is worth the visit.   Everytime I have visited the staff has always been courteous and friendly. To me this cafe feels like I've been invited to an artsy friends' loft for a Spanish inspired meal.
Go here now if you are anywhere near Miami. Amazing sandwiches, delicious cafe con leche, and a fantastic staff made me wish this place was in Philly. Best Cuban I have ever eaten. Also, the empanadas are no slouch.
Hip Hip Hooray! Unique, small, and quaint! I always thought sandwiches were two pieces of bread with meat in the middle that only white people eat. Well, I was wrong! Non white people also eat sandwiches! And these sandwiches here are unique and delicious. I had some uber good sandwich with cilantro mayo and heavenly goodness inside. Sorry, can't tell you what I ordered because then everyone will order it and they will run out. It's my secret. You know what else is legit? The FLAN! I am not a huge flan fan, but the flan here is fresh, thick, yummy, and perfectly made. I hear the coffee is also good here, but I am not a coffee drinker. I take off one star because the service is god awful, and the place is small with only like 3 tables, so if your luck is bad that day, you will probably not get seated, and if you do, you will be served poorly. So, my advice is to go early, be patient, and pray for good service.
i was the only one eating there, for some reason, but the staff was very friendly.  i tried the special, which was a cuban burger.   next time i'm back in miami, i'll hit up this spot again.
Mmmmmmmm  the way Cuban food should taste!  I'm def coming back if we make it back to Miami.
Great little Cuban cafe near downtown and Calle 8 area. Not the place to go if you're looking for a full menu Cuban restaurant, but if you're looking for a low key place to have a great coffee or batido, a sandwich and some conversation, then this is definitely your place. It's barely visible from the street and doesn't look like much from outside. Once inside, however, there's a counter with a few friendly faces eager go welcome you and let you know you can have your pick of any of the 10 or so seating options. There are only 2 or 3 tables with a few chairs and a bar area. there are books and other random, interesting artifacts about the room. As for the food, I had the El Guajardo sandwich - a twist on the original Cuban that adds mojo, very very tasty. It was extremely moist with a perfect balance of savory flavors. I also had a bite of the beef Empanada - a true treat. This little meat puff was packed full of perfectly seasoned spicy meat. I have to say my favorite item was the papaya batido. I had never had a batido out of papaya before and am afraid to ever have another anywhere that is not there for fear that it won't be as good. This was so good I had two! I just couldn't help myself. Made with fresh papaya right across the counter from you, this treat was a cold, light, frothy, papaya flavored milk that just soothed the soul as it went down the throat. I highly recommend stopping in for a quick bite when in Miami, even if you're not a coffee drinker (I am not). I must add that my friend did say the coffee was exceptional as well.
Fantastic gem in Miami. Any sandwich is amazing. Love the fact this place looks like my abuela's house, just cleaner! Croquetas, cafe con leche are great. They play great tunes and the staff is very friendly. Must try in downtown Miami, stays on rotation!!!!
I really like everything here, food coffee and staff! the only downfall to me was that it is very small, they only have two tables of which one of them has very low stools. Not feeling that, but aside from that, the food was awesome and fresh, very creative menu and sandwiches. Highly recommended.
Feck ya... super comfy, good service, and killer coffee.  I had the La Colada and El Pecado.  Strong and sweet.
Tinta y Cafe is my go to place for lunch or snack when I take out near work. The cafecito is strong and sweet just how I like it. The croquetas are yummy and their sandwiches are very good and filling. My favorites are el croqueton and their house special. The place is actually adorable and I like going in for my favorite mid day snack: a cheese croqueta and a cafe.
Great coffee!!
Great atmosphere to relax for lunch. Delicious food and one of the best cafe con leche in Miami. The sandwiches are just the right size and the service wa is excellent. It's one of my favorite places to grab a bite to eat in the area.
I have taken a liking to Cuban cusine and Miami is without a doubt is the best place to get the good stuff unless you plan on traveling to Havana. Always in search of the perfect "traditional" Cuban Sandwich I decided to give Tinta y Cafe a try one afternoon for a late lunch, all I can say is WOW!, I found the place that has the best Cuban Sandwich in Miami! Reasonable priced and simply delicious. I was only in SOBE for 3 nights so I was pressed for time but I wish I had eaten there more. This place will be on my "must eat at" places whenever I am in South Florida.
Found it on yelp when i came to Miami. Great coffee great sandwich. I love the caffe con leche so much. And the service is awesome !!!!!!!!!! I would go there everyday if i live in Miami...
Wow.  We're a family from Denver who visited this place three times in a week, coming all the way from the beach area.   It was with the trip.  The cafe con leche is the vest I've ever had.  Creamy to the last drop and perfectly sweetened.   The sandwiches (I'm partial to the La Noche) are the best we've had as well.   We've tried about 5 cuban places around here and miami beach and this tops them all for quality and taste.   They also have great options for children, like Nutella and peanut butter sandwiches on the sane sweet roll.
Came here after reading some reviews. This place rocks!!! Outstanding service...Coffee is great... I had the Patria sandwich, delicious! My girlfriend had the Tunabonito... Excellent! The place has a great atmosphere... You feel like you are in somebodys living room!!! I would definately come back here!!!
This place is great! I love it for a Cortadito and Cafe con leche. I have not tried the food, but everyone seems to love it there! They are super nice as well. They have a credit card minimum and the owner just told me to pay for it when I come back the next time! In Miami...this is rare!
Every time my friends are in Miami, is the first place i stop by to eat a tostada and cuban cafe con leche!! The best! "Miami/Cuban flavor"
A friend and I stopped by on the way to South Beach based on recommendations online.  The sandwiches were fantastic.  We tried the Gallego sandwich as well as the Saturday feature burger.  As soon as we walked in a patron went through the menu making suggestions.  The staff was also very helpful and accommodating.  The coffee named "the sin" is absolutely the best coffee I've ever had.  We even decided to make a return trip on the way back out of town.  After experiencing a few restaurants in South Beach this out-rated all the other ones in both service and authenticity.
Best Cuban coffee in Miami - period
Awesome place, really friendly people, one of the best cuban coffees I've ever had.  Even the dessert was good!
Loved the coffee here! I ate the ham, cream cheese and jam sandwich. It was fabulous. I can't wait to go back again!
Enjoyed the atmosphere and the range of foods for lunch. Chickpee soup and house special sandwich are great. Parking a major HASSLE!
Went there for the coffee and it was good but no where i was hoping.  We had sandwiches and they were very goo would good back again
Great sandwiches, but it's not typical Cuban food, however the flavor it's delicious.
best coffee in town, the sandwiches and daily specials are always on point...this place never disappoints
No me gusta! I'm Cuban and my family is Cuban for 3 generations and let me tell you, this is not a Cuban place! Maybe it's just a mistake on yelp that it's listed as Cuban, but this really is the farthest thing from a good Cuban meal.  Since when does any kind of Cuban sandwich come with proscuitto and french baguettes?  That's ridiculous and it's funny that some people on here are going on and on about Cuba for a restaurant that's not Cuban at all.  It would be okay if the sandwiches are any good, but you can get as good or better sandwiches going to any Italian cafe in Miami.  If you want MUCH better yet similar Italian sandwiches as the ones they serve here, you may want to try Gusto Fino Italian deli on lejeune rd and minorca.  THOSE are real Italian sandwiches and they admit that they're Italian instead of serving Italian sandwiches and calling them Cuban like this place does.  It really shows that they don't know what they are talking about.  The cafe con leche is about as far from a cafe con leche as you can go.  It's big, tasteless, and full of foam.  The best cafe con leche I've had in Miami is at Diana's Cafe on NW 1st st.  Then there's Enriqueta's, Raffi's, and Karla Bakery just to name a few.  The cafe here at Tinta y Cafe is just about the worst one I've had.  I saw that they have croquettas and empanadas, but I didn't try them and just got what this place should really be known for: Italian sandwiches! Nothing else really seemed Cuban there except the pasteles in the window.  Otherwise, there's absolutely no indication whatsoever that this place is Cuban.  No puedo creer que tiene 4 estrellas...even the Italian food isn't that good, I've had so much better in so many different places in Miami.  I can see a few of the good reviews, especially some of the filtered ones, are clearly from the owner of the place.  Maybe that's what started this cult mentality of calling this place Cuban.  SMH
Nice charming cafe.  Stopped by for lunch with my family on 5/18 and had El Patria and some chicken sandwich which I forgot the name of.  They come with sides of plantain chips and we really enjoyed it.  Young lady who served us was really nice and kindly gave us directions to the beach and a Cuban bakery.  I also liked the fact that they had their own parking lot.
My wife & I were on vacation & decided to try this place out. In the 6 days we were there I visited them 3 times. Loved their Cafe Con Leche & Toast. Also they make a killer Cuban sandwich. It's moderately priced but worth it (specially to find such a great Cuban coffee spot in Brickell). I will repeat whenever I'm back in Miami.
Reminds me why I love this city yummy food nice comfy atmosphere cortadito just like my mommy used to make ;)
Had late lunch/early dinner here. They close early so call to make sure they are open before you go. It was a very nice sandwich place. Had croquetas which were creamy and melted in my mouth. Tried spinach, bacalao, chicken and cheese flavors and all were good although my favorite was the bacalao. Also tried the empanadas and I would have liked pastry more flaky on the outside (it was more doughy and thick) but the cheese, tomato and onion filling was good. The sandwiches we tried were the Patria, Gallego, Tropicana and the Rafa burger. The Patria was like the classic Cuban sandwich. It was salty and crunchy and had pickles and pork. The Gallego was salty and cheesy and had pork and tomato. It was my favorite sandwich. The Tropicana had turkey, cheese and an olive spread. Although it was not as good as others, it was still tasty. The Rafa burger was cooked medium well and had manchego cheese, onions, prosciutto, arugula and tomato. It was a good burger. If you are looking for a great sandwich place in downtown Miami, you should come here. The cortadito was very good although very sweet.
A hidden gem in Miami!  My husband and I were in Miami for a conference at the very beginning of April.  Yelped places to eat after our morning run and found Tinta y Cafe due to its rating.  EVERYTHING on the menu is YUM-O, especially their iced cafe con leche (best I've had in Miami).  We loved it so much that we told our travelling buddies about the place, went back the next day to order more food for them and us for our flight home.  Needless to say, we left Miami on a high note because of Tinta y Cafe!
Best cuban coffee in town.  Really good sandwiches and cuban food.
The coffee was remarkable.
After reading the reviews and ratings, I decided to check this place out with my mom and sister, who are coffee experts. They said it was one of the best coffees they've ever had. I wish I could've tried everything on the menu, because all of the menu items sounded delicious. I ended up getting the guava cheese sandwich, and of course it was tasty. Sister got a sandwich and mom got a salad with a creamy cilantro sauce. Everyone was happy.
So much yes! While exploring in Miami with my main, we decided to try some REAL Cuban. And as one would imagine, there were literally hundreds of places do try on Miami Beach and Downtown Miami alone. But with the help of Yelp maps, I pulled an eenie-meenie-miney-mo and ended up here. The parking situation is an absolute nightmare, but we lucked out with a spot right out front. There is a takeout window on the outside of the building, making it super convenient for the several businessmen in a hurry to get a cafecito to-go. The restaurant is an adorable four tables and chairs with a breakfast book, mom n pop coffee and sandwich shop. I fell in love with it! The waitress was so helpful in making menu suggestions. I went with the daily special and omg I swear her abuelita was in the back making it from scratch. And the Cuban coffee?? Get ouuut. Absolute perfection.
Best cafecitos in town and tequños and everything yummmmmmy Great service too You feel like family More places like this needed near downtown
Small but comfortable, great service, tasty food and a good price. I like it enough that I wouldn't hesitate to come back for lunch or a quick meal if I'm nearby.  It's a little pricy for what they offer, but it's all very fresh and seemingly organic.
This place is the cutest coffee shop in Brickell. Need to stop by for a quick Cuban coffee? No problem, they have a window where they can take your order if you don't want to come in. The sandwiches and coffee are great here. I tried their homemade flan but thought it was a little thick - that was the only thing from giving this place 5 stars. Great place though, definitely worth a visit!
This place is fabulous: strong coffee, a variety of wines, tasty sandwiches and salads, authentic Cuban dishes, and an ambiance that's genuine and untouristy. It's a little bit out of the way, but well worth the visit.
Came in from outta town. Waaaaay outta town. Drove to Miami from Houston. Already experienced such bad service everywhere else and decided to try out this place after my sister found it. It was a rainy day and I no longer expected much from Miami when it came to customer service. Walked into this place and instantly felt welcomed. Everything in there was so cute! I ordered the Callejero sandwich that I'll never forget. It was so good that I think I ordered a total of 3 of these sandwiches. I came here the next day because I liked it so much. Aside from that I had a cafecito and some croquetas. We had the spinach, ham and cheese and bacalao which was the best. Everything was so good. The woman who served us on the first day was so genuinely kind. The guy who served us the next day was very enthusiastic and happy to help us. I love this place. I talk about it with everyone I know. It's so much better than Porto's which would be my local go-to Cuban cafe. I will return!!
Their café con Leche was amazing. So was their pastry with cheese in it. But their timba was basically some slabs of cream cheese, crackers, and guava jelly. WTF?? I literally saw the person preparing it take out a stick of Philadelphia cream cheese. At least I know the recipe now!
4 stars for their cortadito and their friendly service towards us random minority Asians in Miami. Sandwiches were okay, Pinky got the El Callejero as recommended by one of the ladies behind the counter.  To be honest, the chicken was very dry and even with the cilantro mayo the entire sandwich was just too dry.  My El Calena was better than Pinky's sandwich since mine had sliced turkey deli meat so moisture was not an issue.  I liked my sandwich as it was juicy and jam packed with flavor, although somewhat heavy and kept me full for a while.  However, we both wish that we had stuck to the original cubano that we initially came here for.   But really, love their cortadito.  Could not find a tiny cup of cortadito as good as Tinta's the rest of my stay in Miami.  :
First time here on a weekday. It seems that a lot of locals come here.  Many customers were greeted by name and served without even ordering. That can be a good sign ... So cortadito was good. Empanadas (veggies for 2.25$) and croquettes (spinach for .85) were delicious   The place is small but cozy. While enjoying my cafe, I saw how the staff prepares the sandwiches. One of the guys took his time to make a perfect sandwich. He got fresh ingredrients and made different sauces from scratch. For a hot panino, he heated up the meat in a skillet and then placed it in the bread  with all the other ingredients. Afterwards he pressed it. Wow! So i need to come again to get that panino I think it was called game 7... A must try small cafe location I will come again!
Tinta y Cafe is the perfect bridge of Little Havana dining with Brickell style. Kudos to this place for existing for almost 10 YEARS. That's, like, 50 in restaurant years. The space is cool, perfect for bringing an out-of-town guest. A small staff stays incredibly busy behind the counter so if you expect attentive service you'll be sorely disappointed. This place is all about going with the flow so just chill out and enjoy it. Coffee is a must. I love the cafe con leche. For summertime I've been getting it on ice and it's as tasty as ever. They spare no time or expense on making good food. The sandwiches are stuffed with top-notch ingredients and made-to-order. Again, this means more time, but it's so so worth it. In the morning you can get eggs. How great is that? For dessert my pals and I ordered La Timba, stupidly expecting a pastry. What it is is WAY better, a plate of guava paste and cream cheese with saltine crackers. It's the perfect late-morning snack and compliments your fancy coffee stupendously. It's spots like these that make Brickell special. I look forward to taking more friends.
Tucked in a tiny Brickell shopping plaza, it's very easy to miss the location and have to circle the block in order to get back in the right lane. Luckily, that's exactly what I did. Keep in mind there's only about 4-5 parking spaces (you'll get towed in the adjacent lot). Inside is a homey cafe with several barstools, sofas, and a table to sit at. At 9AM, there were several other patrons at the bar and a few at the table. There's pitchers of ice water and glasses to serve yourself which I think is great self-service. Since it was still early in the morning and I hadn't had my caffeine fix, I chose an iced cafe con leche served in a glass. It wasn't overly sweet and the condensed milk blended into the rest of the drink slowly. Now I had to eat something, I had two bacalao croquetas which had a perfectly creamy filling with just the slightest salted cod taste, not overpowering at all. Next I had a mini size of the El Patria (essentially a 6" Cuban sandwich). The bread was crunchy on the surface, giving way to a slightly softer inside. The roast pork seemed a little dry but the rest of the sandwich was decent. The prices are higher than what I'm used to and I don't normally go to Brickell, but I like the atmosphere enough to come back and try the other sandwiches and relax.
Lovely little cafe - emphasis on "little!" There are only a few (3-4) tables and bar seating. Quaint and full of character. I am visiting Miami from Washington, DC and had to have some good, authentic food. Stopped in around 5:15pm on a Thursday. It was difficult to find because their sign is a black font on a navy blue wall. Glad I searched though! I'm not a Spanish speaker, but the woman inside was very patient and kind. We spoke "Spanglish" to one another and told each other stories about our lives. Had the El Patria sandwich and my boyfriend had the El Pollo Pollo. Both very good! They were served with plantain chips. Very reasonably priced - after ordering two cafés con leche, the bill came out to be $26. I highly recommend!
This place was amazing! Hard to find and super inconspicuous (for out of towners at least), but the interior is SUPER cute. The coffee was AMAZING and sandwiches were soooo good, especially the Callejero/Callejado (can't remember exactly what it was called).
I go here everyday, literally every day for lunch. They have a awesome menu, but better than that are their daily specials. They keep changing their special and they are really delicious, mostly cuban style dishes. I like the ambience, good for brunch, lunch or dinner or snack. They have a window service for coffee and some snacks. Any time you are in the downtown, you should try this place without a doubt.
This was SO easy to find, and even easier to enjoy.  On first impression, It's a classy & classic walk-up coffee service, complete with many people waiting in line after leaving their cars not too perfectly parked out front. However, there are a couple of silvery metal tables and chairs to the right of the counter which gives away the treasured knowledge that a cozy coffee shop waits behind the baristavwho serves the outside walk-up patrons. Comfy couches, nice art, and rustic tables allow customers (us!) to enjoy fresh baked Cuban pastries - I had that sinfully flakey guava one, and my friend had one filled with sweet cheese.  I also had the Colada:   espresso + milk served in a water glass over a glacial new Continent of ice.   Service was friendly and FAST.  It's worth a detour to here from wherever else you might be heading for a robust coffee.
Lovely little Cuban joint.  We are from Chicago and have YET to find a place like this that serves authentic Cuban sandwiches (and also with such wonderful service!) They have such a great attitude at this place.  The vibe of the cafe overall is really laid back.  Would have loved to try their desserts, but will be back for that another time.
Amazing place! So relaxing and everything we tried tasted hilarious.. I recommend the callejero sandwinch! Is the one I tried with prociuto, chicken, Swiss cheese, dried tomatos, caramelized onions and cilantro mayo. Also the soup of the day was delicious. The people is very nice, you'd feel like home
very cute place and very tasty food. sandwiches are pressed just right.
Amazing cafe con leche (I get mine without sugar, which I guess is some kind of heresy, but with coffee this good, sugar is totally unnecessry) and amazing sandwiches.  I had the Gallega, which had a kind of sweet-ish chorizo, manchego and some other things I can't recall on fantastic grilled bread.  My little boy had chocolate croissants (two days in a row) and cold milk and seemed very happy with them.  Friendly staff and reasonable prices, too!
I went to this place looking to find good Cuban coffee. According to yelp/ google this place closes at 8pm. We got there at 6:57pm and they told us they were close. The owner was just very rude to us. She could have made us something quick or advise us where to go but she pretty much kick us out the place. What a lack of customer Service. I am not stepping on this place again
We came in for lunch as we were seeking a new spot in Miami. Can't say we were disappointed! We started off with Cafe con Leche and Chocolate Caliente which we both loved. Next up were our sandwiches! I ordered El Guajiro... I'm not a huge sandwich person so I kept it simple. It was DELICIOUS! Warm, juicy chicken with nice and melty Swiss. They dress the chicken in their house Mojo and it is amazing!!! Different than your typical mojo sauce... I was very please with my choice. (: Hubby had El Callejero... Ham, prosciutto, chorizo and some fresh greens with Machego. It's their most popular sandwich and perfect for the meat lover. He loved his choice too! We finished with a slice of flan... Best I've had in ages, since my amazing aunt who was a flan artist passed away. And a batido de Mamey... Creamy, thick and delicious as it should be! The place is decorated really well and the music takes you back. As a first generation American-born in a family with a really strong Cuban heritage, I have to say this is going to be a favorite spot from here on out. Can't wait to bring my dad!!! You need to try it out!!!!
I ordered the Game 7 and El Pecado to share with my husband. This was my first time having anything Cuban. I loved the sandwich but I absolutely adored the coffee. Had to order another one for my husband. I'll definitely come back to Miami just for their coffee!
I just have to say...I'm not usually a sandwich person, but this place blew my mind! They have the most amazing I suppose cuban style sandwiches. They are all heated in a panini press. They come in 12in or 6in with the most amazing plaintain chips. I need to know where they got them from! I most definitely recommend this little cafe. They also serve some craft coffees and espresso. If I'm ever back in Miami, this will be a usual place for sure!
Probably my favorite place ever to get Cuban sandwiches because they have such a good variety including ones with chicken, turkey, etc. I actually heard about Tinta y Cafe from my out-of-towner bf who came across this place on one of his previous trips to Miami; otherwise, I never would've ventured so far down to calle ocho/brickell. I make a stop every few months to pick up the house special (El Tinta y Cafe) for the man and sometimes grab something for myself as well. Their sandwiches are indeed delicious and come with a little bag of plantain chips. The prices can be a bit on the high end, but you can opt for a half portion instead of the full portion. Their fresh juices are good but kinda pricey for the size and I love that they have iced cafe con leche for those excruciatingly hot days. They also have a good selection of pastelitos and their croquetas are yummy (the spinach is my fave). I was also pleasantly surprised to discover that they had workers who spoke perfect English! It may not seem like such a big deal, but for a non-Spanish speaker in South Florida, it's a major plus. Only downside is that parking is the biggest pain - practically nonexistent.
Great Cuban sandwiches in downtown! They come with a small bag of chips too. If u r not so hungry, just get 1 sandwich and share half with another person. Staffs were very friendly. Not so many tables/seats. Some free parking spots in front of the cafe.
When we first arrived the owner told us they were closed for the day, but after seeing us stand outside for 5 minutes deliberating what to do now that our dinner plans were a bust, she came back out to us and said something in Spanglish to the effect of, "What the heck, come on in!" We were so grateful and only became more so from there on. The place had a cool ambience. There was a counter to sit at, a few tables, some low couches around a coffee table. The wall was lined with old books and artifacts. Particularly noteworthy was a collection of old cameras atop the bookshelves. On the counter there were all sorts of enticing baked goods and the place smelled like coffee and fresh bread. We ordered dos cafes con leche con hielo (iced coffee w/milk) y dos callejeros (El Callejero sandwiches). The iced coffee was good, but the sandwiches were amazing. The combination of flavors and textures on a really well-grilled french baguette culminated in a masterpiece that was everything a self-respecting sandwich should aspire to be. Also, the plantain chips that come with the sandwiches were so good and vastly superior to the standard potato chip pairing you'll find at most American sandwich shops. After finishing our sufficiently large sandwiches and coffees, we resisted ordering another two to go and left ever appreciative of both the owners hospitality and culinary prowess.
Great place to stop for a cafecito and pastelito in the morning. Great food, overpriced for what it is though. Go a few blocks down to 8th St and save yourself $5 a person.
What a great find! If you're looking for a great lunch spot with flavorful sandwiches, Tinta y Cafe is the place for you. It is walking distance from many high rises, but it's located in a strip mall, so it's a perfect hole-in-the-wall experience. I ordered a La Calena sandwich, and it was delicious. The bread is so wonderfully crispy on the outside, and there was some sort of sauce on the sandwich that really made it sing. The plantain chips were addictive. For me, the truly knock-out feature were the drinks. I ordered a Cafe con Leche on ice, and being the coffee snob that I am, I had high expectations that were met 100%. So roasty and dark, while not tasting burnt, with just the right amount of sweetness. Heaven! My fiance ordered the limeade, and though we didn't think anything of it when we ordered it, the taste was tart, sweet, and the slushy/icy consistency was so refreshing on a hot day. I recommend it to anyone looking for a great little lunch spot. I would like to visit again and try their empanadas and a dessert called the Chocolate Orgasm..!
The best everything in Brickell, LOL. That's not very specific, but really everything is delicious. Their sandwiches, breakfast or otherwise, are amazing. My favorite is "El Bori", for breakfast or "El Gallego" for lunch yum! They have a coffee called "El Pecado" which is really a sin, but a delicious one at that. Their orange juice is always fresh and the staff is always lovely. If my waistline could afford to be here everyday there would be nothing stopping me! On my list to try is this PB&J I've seen them make, it looks amazing!
Places like this is why I try to never ever eat in chain or chain-type restaurants. It's a hole-in-the-wall, cute, amazing homemade establishment across from McDonalds. We came here twice during our trip to Miami and would have come more if we had the time. We had the Gallego, the Raffa burger special, cafe con leche, passion fruit juice and empanadas. EVERYTHING IS homemade and seriously good eats. If I could make a few recommendations though I'd say to get the beef and sweet corn (one thing) empanada over the chicken and go for the Gallego sandwich. The cafe con leche is also bomb (European coffee... you know the American kind tastes like burnt ants from time to time) and comes with a beautiful foam design. Amazing food, very good prices, and good staff = go here.
This place is amazing!!! There is no coffee like this one anywhere else. The sandwiches are great and the ambience is perfect! Love love love this place!
Very cute spot. Good for going out with friends or little ones. Pretty decent service for a busy spot. You can either sit at the bar or at a choice of different tables with a very homey atmosphere.Yummy sandwiches. My kids had the pb&j which of course they loved. I had the Swiss and tomato sandwich, which was very good considering I'm vegetarian. My bf said his burger was really good too. Def have to try "el pecado" the best coffee eveeerrr! No complaints
Good for cafe and quick sandwich
Very nice little cafe about 15 mins walk from Mary Brickell Village. While most Cuban cafe/restaurant is more on restaurant side, this place is on the other hand, more on the cafe side, with nice interior and everything feels higher end than regular Cuban cafe/restaurant. I ordered a Cafe Con Leche and the signature sandwich El Tinta y Cafe sandwich. The coffee definitely meets the normal Cuban coffee standard, very strong and sweet, which I love. The sandwich comes with a small bag of plantain chips which is really good snack. The bread of the sandwich is perfectly toasted, the bread is still crispy even after the sandwich is getting cold. The pork is a little on the dry side, not to my likings of super juicy meat. But all in all, I would give a 85/100 for the place, it would be a perfect work lunch if you work near Brickell.
Quick delicious bite to eat. They offer coffee and/or beer. I chose beer at 11:30am, thank you!  Everyone is polite and they serve delicious food. I craved pastelitos and empanadas and it hit the spot. Comfortable small atmosphere w lovely music.  Thank YOU!!
After reading drool worthy yelp reviews, I had to check out Tinta y Cafe on my trip to Miami.  Being that I was staying in Brickell, it only made sense that I kick off my Cuban sandwich tour at this lovely little establishment.  I ordered the Guajiro sandwich, which was made to perfection. Paired it with a Papaya shake and there I was, floating on a cloud of gastronomical ecstasy.  I hope to come back for a cafe con leche and pastry on my next rendezvous to Miami. Great spot!
I tried their iced coffee and regular latte, both were delicious. We sampled four sandwiches on their mu u too and they were all decent. I particularly liked the one with prociutto as it added more salty goodness to the sandwich. As we were leaving they brought out freshly baked empanadas so of course we had to get some.
Hipster Cuban joint at Brickell. Los Sandwiches are the best in town. My favorites are the Pavo Real, El Guajiro and El Callejero! Make sure the pair them with Los Cafés.
My family and I headed here for a late lunch.  I was on the hunt for Cuban coffee after watching Khloe develop an addiction in Keeping up with the Kardashians. After having a cortadito at this place I don't know what I'll do when I leave Miami. Seriously. Their cafe con leche on ice (ordered by my sister) was fantastic. Our server was very nice and helpful. The food was also amazing. We ordered two el patria, el guajiro(?), and the el croquetten sandwiches. The patria and croquetten were amazing. Order them. Seriously. My brother ordered two beef empanadas and loved them. As the world's pickiest eater I was impressed to see him snarf them down and ask my mom to learn how to make empanadas. We capped off our lunch with flan and el timbre (?). Both were delicious but the previous reviewers are right. The flan is more cheesecake like. It was still fantastic but as a Filipino I thought it would be more gelatinous. Long story short: go here, get a sandwich, and drink some fantastic coffee.
If you haven't had a "Pecado", add this to your bucket list pronto! Probably the best cafe specialty drink i've ever had, considering I'm Cuban and a native, those are pretty big words..lol. :oD
Yelping for a spot for Cuban Sandwiches to bring on our flight back to NY, I found Tinta.  My friend walked in with me and said that she got a bad vibe from this place and wanted to go somewhere else.  I defended my decision as their sandwich looked better than another establishment (pictures on Yelp matters folks!).  Unfortunately I was wrong.  So wrong that I actually had food poisoning when I got back and was completely laid out for 3 days I missed Thanksgiving. I don't know what was in the El Patria (ham, pork, pickles, swiss, mustard), but I was in bed with cramps, sweat, and more cramps.  I appreciated the woman behind the counter for giving me an extra bag of plantain chips, but it wasn't worth the misery after.  Assuming that the sandwich was ok and not contaminated, I have to say I wouldn't go back either (even though I saw the pies looked pretty tasty) because the pork in the sandwich was dry and more like pulled pork pieces instead of chunks.  The pickles and mustard was also weak - perhaps which is why I got sick.
The sandwiches, the coffee and the pastelillos de carne...some of the best I've ever had! Service and good A+++
I've lived in the area for about 10 days and I've been to Tinta y Cafe 4 times. I love their cafe con leche - both iced and hot, their tomato empanada, their sandwiches ... basically, everything they serve is amazing. The service is friendly and fast as well.
I felt silly after receiving my order of a tostada when I realized that my understanding of what a tostada is ended up being totally different than what I had traditionally always known one to be. I was expecting a Mexican tostada, and instead was presented with a toasted bread with butter! I chuckled as I bit into this delicious warm, buttery bread and sipped on my cafe con leche. In sum, I found the little place splendid :) :) :)
What a great place. A cool, chill atmosphere in this small place. All the waitresses were very friendly. And most importantly, the food was amazing. I got their version of a cubano, El Patria, and a cafecito for about $9. The coffee is legit- strong and sweet. So tasty. And the sandwich was unreal. Comes with some plantain chips on the side. Can't wait to go back and try some other sandwiches, as they have a bunch, and the few other ones I saw being served looked amazing.
Cuban breakfast and a strong Cuban coffee. This place does takes its time so if you're in a hurry, there's a window outside where you can order to go. If you're inside, find a seat and the waitress will be right with you.  I ordered the breakfast special and it came with 2 eggs sunny side up, ham, and cheese. The Cuban bread with butter was to die for. (Don't order baguette, when you're in a Cuban cafe).
This is such a cool little place with really good, old fashion home style food. Nothing fancy, just yummy, good old, Cuban comfort food. This is a family run establishment and it shows. The servers and staff really care about their patrons. A lot of Attorneys and local business people in the area come and enjoy this cute and unpretentious little space. Lots of regulars definitely...this is something that was needed in the area. The ambiance has the cutest, quirkiest little vintage vibe and finds. Lots of things to look at while you wait on your food. The menu is small and select but you can rest assured that the items they do have are good and best of all inexpensive. Love this little place!
Awesone place! Delicious food and best "cafe con leche" ever!! Excellent costumer service as well.  Try "rafa burguer"!!
Great coffee house and sandwiches.  Carlos and his crew serve up delicious panini style sandwiches.  You will not go wrong with anything on the menu. Daily soups are also excellent and their home made burger "the rafa burger" is also very good.   Funky place to eat or just chill out with a good coffee. Worth the visit if in the Brickell area and easy on the wallet.
When I was heading to Miami, everyone told me I should hit up Tinta y Cafe when I got there. I'm glad I checked it out. It's a cute little eatery with some kick-ass cortaditos (I probably had 4-5 cups, oy vey). I didn't have an actual lunch here (only a croissant), but my friends did and they enjoyed their meals. If I come back to Miami, I'll definitely stop by and indulge in an actual meal. xx MJ
I had a guava and cheese pastelito for the first time ever, and it was SO GOOD. The fluffiness of the pastry plus the flavors of the guava and cheese was phenomenal. The guava and cheese didn't get mixed too well though I think, because I ate half of the pastelito without tasting any of the cheese. I also ordered a salami sort of sandwich that the waiter recommended, and it was so good! It was a bit small, but it was definitely tasty. I would definitely come back here for the pastelito if I ever get a chance!
Gimme un croqueton and a batido de mamey and I'm a happy camper. I'm a slave to routine so I never stray from those two items when I'm at Tinta, which is honestly not as often as I would like. As most have pointed out, the parking is extremely limited but you can always park on the street across 8th, just be sure to look to your right for the oncoming one way traffic when crossing the street. You wouldn't want to miss out on their bomb ass pastelitos because you got hit by a smart car. Que Rico, Tinta!
I won't drone on and on about this place. Look at the number of reviews it has and its average rating. Sometimes, average ratings can be misleading but this is not Tinta y Café's case. I had this place on my bookmarks list for over a year, I believe, and was ecstatic to have the opportunity to swing by after a quick run to Ladurée on Lincoln Road (you totally read that right... 3rd location in USA). Driving up, I thought there was just a window through which to order coffee, which made me feel slightly letdown but then I remembered that there were photos of an interior, so I surmised that there was a door that was out of view. Exactly right. On the right side of the window, there was a door that is perpendicular to the parking lot, which was precisely why I did not see it. I was greeted upon entering and saw that I could park my behind anywhere that was not already occupied. A menu was promptly brought over by a woman who was at the counter when I came in. I peered through it and saw many of the typical Cuban coffee drinks, as well as juices, snacks (e.g., tostada and croquetas), and some light fare (i.e., sandwiches and salads). I had just shoved some macarons in my belly and did not really feel starved so I wasn't particularly attracted to the food menu. I was here to have coffee. After looking through and going back and forth between several options, I settled on the café con leche. Normally, when in Miami (and even at home, where I can prepare a pretty mean moka pot of Cuban espresso), I drink the deliciously strong but creamy cortadito but I wanted more creaminess and a higher volume of liquid. The café con leche is probably equivalent to the Italian latte, which is more milk than coffee. I also requested a croquette with spinach but had to alter my order to a ham one due to the unavailability of the kind made of Popeye's muscle food. This came out almost immediately, at the perfect temperature. Very warm without being burning hot and the exterior was crispy without being greasy. This is of utmost importance to me when eating deep-fried foods. My coffee came out a bit later, adorned with latte art and all. The foam was incredible and as I was sipping, I thought about the simple delight of experiencing good food. The week in Miami had been absolutely divine, with highs in the upper 70s, lower 80s. Life was damn good at that moment. I got to nibble a bit on La Timba, which is just a small platter of guava paste and cheese. The cheese was some very mild farmers cheese. Saltines are served on the side, which is how Cubans normally eat this combination. The paste was very good; not too firm like bricks of guava paste that you can get from the supermarkets. The cheese was the star though, complementing the sweet paste with its soft creaminess. If you are in the Brickell area, resist the temptation to go to a chain coffee shop and find this place and experience the delight of a cup of coffee prepared with care and tradition.
Delicious baguette Spanish sandwiches. I had the "callejero" which was very tasty. I then had "el Pecado" cafe which was deliciously sweet. If you like cafe con leche, this is a drink your taste buds will enjoy. The place is small and quaint and very clean.
Very nice find. Food and service gets 5 stars. Creative menu, very good quality ingredients and ladies in charge know what they are doing. Lots of locals seem to frequent always a good sign as far as I am concerned. Took off 1 star due to parking, however parked directly on 2nd and no less than 4 police cars drive by paying no attention to my infraction. Lucky me for finding the best Media Noche in Miami, here is the Noche Entera, and not getting a parking ticket in the process.
After hearing so much about this place, I finally decided to check this place out . And it is wonderful like everyone says. We ordered their iced cafe con leche. Sandwiches are also very delicious. Also the decor of the place is very cozy. Couple of peeves: 1. No Wi-fii 2. Parking is very limited 3. Seating is limited. Also not a studying environment if there are a lot of people there to socialize.
One of my favorite local spots I try to visit at least twice a week if you're looking for healthy Cuban food this is a place to go it always have something healthy on the menu.
Cuban food with hip flair! Relaxed ambience great tapas and sandwiches another great hole in the wall....
This place is amazing me n my bf were visiting and we got a sandwhich veggie add turkey and get got a burger both loved it I also got a espresso to go it was amazing Best Ive ever had wish I lived in Florida
I f'ing love this place and everything about it, and give it my highest recommendation. The cuban-style coffee is some of the best (if not the best) in Miami, the sandwiches and pastries are delicious, and the crew is attentive and welcoming despite working their butts off.  The ambiance is cozy informal and the vibes are very, very good. I come here often every time I'm in Miami and Tynta y Cafe always makes me happy.
