I like Go Go. I don't like the price of an empanada. But I really like Go Go. But I can get way more food for same amount of money at Lime. Yet, I really like the Go Go options of shrimp scampi, eggplant parmigiana, and mozzarella tomato basil. Alton Road Lunch Decision Making - Lime Quiznos or Go Go
Ok, this review is solely for the empanadas... They are yummy! They taste so fresh! We had the steak and mushroom, which was awesome. The steak had a great flavor! The ham cheese was great too, with cheese nicely melted throughout, the spicy Thai chicken was filling and just enough spicy, the nutella and banana was the perfect way to end the meal. Can't wait to go back an try one of their salads!
Was very excited to try this place for the positive reviews it had, but I wasn't so impressed. First off, the food.  The menu consists of salads, soups and empanadas.  I'd have to say the salad was delicious, very fresh too.  I got one of their Steak Protein salads and an empanada hoping to have a filling lunch; however, that didn't prove to be the case.  The steak portion size was pretty small...even for a big salad.  It was more European-sized than American sized. The empanada was good, but not great.     The service was friendly and quick, the prices were fair, the atmosphere was fun and I'm happy to support local and independent businesses; however, I wish the portion sizes were a little bigger...unfortuantely the meal didn't fill me up and not sure I'd return.
New owners but still the best! Love this place! U can be healthy gmo wheat gluten etc free or u can b bad and gorge in their made to order empanadas (pies). My fav healthy food is the super food salad. And the best guilty pleasure for me is the Thai peanut chicken empanadas tho everything is very good :)
Delish. The nutella banana and the guava cream cheese are so good. Nice place for a chill low key bite!   The eggplant parm was good, but not spectac. For someone like me, who eats small portions, and likes to have a little of lots of different things in one meal, this place is fab.
Yummy Empanadas Very nice selection and great salad bar! If you are in a rush make sure to call in advance because it gets really crowded around lunch time.
So looking around the place is very casual and affordable but I honestly did not know what to expect.  All I can say is DEEEE-LICIOUS!!  I loved loved loved my salad.  After a week of kinda healthy eating --- this was absolutely refreshing.  I believe it was called the SuperFood salad.   My husband and I also got a few of the empanadas: Spinach/Feta,, Shrimp Scampi, Mozz/Tom/Basil and a Beef something.. Now I can't wait to go back.
Absolutely amazing place to get fresh salads and empanadas. This place is perfectly located next door to a cross fit gym and down the street from whole foods. Their ingredients are very high quality...even the garden salad, which is usually plain and boring, has sweet peas, corn, cucumber. I wish I could try all the different ones. My friends got the spinach salad with hot shrimp scampi and a vegan salad with fresh carrot ginger dressing and grilled tofu. Everyone was in love. The highlight for me was the empanadas. I got the classic argentine, with ground beef, olives and peppers, and the banana nutella. Would have loved to try the blackberries with dulce de leche, chicken pot pie and others. They come piping hot out of the oven. Gogo fresh - please come open a restaurant in midtown manhattan (this place would blow chopt salads, which is super busy for lunch out of the water).
This place has AWESOME empanadas!!! My favorite their nutella and banana... probably because I love nutella but it was amazing. I  love that they're open late, their food is great and their service is fast! I also love that they have a little salad bar and natural drinks i.e lemonade, strawberry, etc.
I love this place! Fresh salads and hot tasty empanadas did I mention they are baked not fried. Go you won't be disappointed:)
Healthy, fast, and fresh.  Classic Argentine and chicken pot pie empanadas are standouts.  Location is a bit dreary, but hey, what do you expect for $2.50?  Service is very friendly, and new owner appears to be very involved and committed to the business.
Absolutely love this place! A real local gem. The new management has made the experience even better!
Cheap, fresh, and served with a smile - what more could you ask for?  Go-Go pies are basically empanadas, and fillings are seasonal to ensure freshness.  The homemade soups are excellent, too. Delivery is offered, but it's so cheap you'd probably have to order for several people to make it worthwhile.
Great low cost SoBe option.  L O V E the Yummy superfood salad.  Very refreshing and satisfying.  Good for your soul. : ) The empanadas were not all that though.  Ham and cheese was my favorite, most chessy.  Wish dipping sauces were provided.   + Friendly staff.
This was a great little hole in the wall joint to get some lunch. It's healthy, delicious, and reasonably priced. They pretty much just have salads and empenadas, but that's all I needed. Parking was a little tricky. I got a small salad and an empenada. I wish I would have ordered another emenada because they are pretty small, but they take about 10 minutes to make and I didn't want to wait. I'll definitely go back here for a quick bite to eat next time I'm in Miami.
Efrain put it best, this is the perfect place to relax and grab lunch. I wish I could indulge in their empanadas like I used to, but I have fallen in love with making my own salad. Being that is right down the street it can't get any closer, fresher, or tasty.
Awesome place! Don't let the set back seedy outside fool you It is truly good Green tea is nice Super salad was too big for me a 240 lb guy Blt mini with ranch was plenty Hoppin joint No booze just healthy s$&t before you go drinking
This has got to be the best salad place on South Beach! Great for vegetarians and vegans :) Everything is super fresh and made to order. I particularly love the Superfood Salad - YUM! I get hungry just thinking about it!
The salads are ok. The empanadas so-so. The owner and her son are super rude and discriminate against people who they  seem to judge on the fly. but they are super friendly to people they know or think have money. Also they are rude to their staff. The food is not worth the shady vibe.
Classic Argentine, This is my ode to you, bitch. You're great; never change. (b)
LOVE.THIS.PLACE. I was visiting my boyfriend who recenty graduated from Miami Ad School and he lived across the street from this place.  He mentioned a good empanada place nearby but didn't mention the name (hmph, men).  I was getting my nails done next door (I can't remember the name of the nail salon but if you need your nails done - GO THERE!  They were really sweet) and decided to ask the nail technician.  She began salivating when she mentioned "Go-Go.  Next door."  When I was leaving, she kept saying, have a delicious lunch. And delicious lunch I had! Of all places to spend my money on in Miami, I spent most of it here.  Dangerous that my boyfriend lived so close.  I was a regular fixture for 5 days.  My bank account statement had "Go-Go" listed in every other transaction.  Fresh salad (emphasis on fresh) and fresh empanadas for an affordable price.  Can you really blame me? They have mini salads and regular size salads.  I eat a lot and often snacked on a mini avocado salad to save room for all the empanadas I devoured.  My favorite I will have to say is the Argentine followed closely by the Chicken Fajita.  They have three sauces available for you to use - some jalapeno sauce, louisiana hot sauce and some tomatillo sauce. Skip Ocean Drive and go straight here!  It's a bit of a walk though (about 6 blocks in) but walk slowly and enjoy the residential scenery.
Great fresh salads and soups! Their veggie burger is very nice too. I only had an empanada once and it was also good, but I'm biased towards their very fulfilling salads and healthy soups. Little whole in the wall, mostly locals, with very good food. By the way, they have wine/beer too :)
Empanadas are delicious. I had the Argentinian beef and the mozzarella and tomato= yum. For dessert nutella chocolate and banana- oh goodness. Salads are good and different. I just really love their concept of having everything homemade and organic and that's what your getting when you come here. A must try
I love empanadas! The salads look so good! But, every time I come, I find myself loyal to the empanadas! They're all delicious! The reason I'm rating w/ four (4) stars is because I can't speak about anything but the empanadas.... The salads look amazing and their descriptions sounds amazing, but I just can't stop from stuffing myself full of the uniquely-filled empanadas...
This place is awesome for lunch/salad/soup/empanadas. I go a few times a month, never disappointed.   First of all, aside from the crappy pureed cold vegetable in the machine at whole foods, they have the only vegan soup on the beach I know of.  Homemade and varies every day.  The Mango Carrot is my fave so far.  Salads are wonderful- big and filling and fresh.  my favorites are the vegan superfood one with tofu and quinoa and the mini-avo salads. Homemade dressings- delish.  Veggie burger is really good.  I can only speak for the vegetarian empanada options (crust is not vegan)- but light not greasy crusts, yummy fillings, thoroughly great.  And they have one with NUTELLA!!! Strawberry lemonade! Speaks for itself. Reasonable prices.  Super Vegan/Vegetarian friendly. I have probably been like 30 times and have never had a bad anything here. Also the owner is very nice and does take the time to know the regulars.  It gets a bit crowded @ lunch but service is almost always very good. My co-worker told me that she went to get take-out from Go-Go for lunch one day and there was some weirdness with her credit card, so she wanted to cancel the order.  The owner told her not to worry about it, to just pay her back the $10 or whatever for lunch when she could.  That kind of niceness and trust on top of just a really consistently good lunch place with fresh delicious food prompted me to write this review.
Great variety of salads! But please figure out a way to reduce the noise level in the restaurant and also add another garbage can to the FRONT of the restaurant.  I shouldn't have to go to the rear of the restaurant to throw out my garbage.   Also, as a suggestion for the environment, I wish the owners would only give salad lids only if requested.  I've been there at least 10 times and do not need a lid. Love your salads and the great dressings!
Exellent food and service!!!!! Wife is super picky and she liked this one! Salads are great so go with the big one or the small plus an empanada.
Always fresh, always amazing. Their housemade soups are amazing and there is always a vegan option. Great for lunch or dinner. The staff is super friendly and they never screw up my order.
What a great little place! You can eat healthy, you can eat not so healthy, but rest assured you'll enjoy it. Blue cheese steak and Thai peanut empanadas are must-try's.
I love their empanada! It was flavorful that I have to order more. My friend recommended me to go to this restaurant. I tried their salad, the fresh veggies made it good. It is recommended if you are a figure conscious type of person. I love this restaurant so much because they always see to it that they are serving fresh foods. I also tried their chicken bbq. I just love the flavors of every bite. All in all, this restaurant will make me definitely come back for more of that salad and empanada!
Excellent salads and at a great price.  Been a few times and never let down.
The best...just do it!
Fresh salads and empanadas. Chicken mushroom soup was real good but a tad salty. Tomato soup is not the creamy kind, which to me is a bit like tomato sauce. We also got the Asian salad and it was fantastic. We got 5 empanadas: Asian chicken (husband's favorite), chicken fajita (ok) Philly cheesesteak (mmmm), Argentinian (my fav) and guava cream cheese for dessert (delicious). Seating is basic but modern...
Mini chicken cranberry salad is my go to menu item. Usually I am a bit more hungry, so I get some of their pies. Sometimes they can take a while to bring out your food, but it is worth the wait.
Bottom Line: Good Empanadas, a little on the pricey side.  It's ok, I'm not a huge fan (Mainly because of the price).  I'd go back again only because my girlfriend likes it.  It's a little to fo-fo for me (Especially for empanadas).   I haven't tried the salads because i'm not a fan of salads. Pros: Chicken Pot Pie Empanada was great, Shrimp Scampi Empanada was great.  Chimichuri, Argentenian, and one other kind of Empanada (I forgot the name) were just OK.   Cons: It's a little bit too pricey and too fo-fo for me.  It wasn't a really memorable experience.
The best empanadas I've ever had. Looking forward to trying the rest of their menu.
Great little spot that is away from all the garbage and tourists of SoBe.  Salads are fantastic and fresh and the emapanda's rule!  Wish they would be a little more speedy when you call in but sometimes you have to be patient for perfection.  Keep up the great work!
Great, fresh food...it's a busy place and they move quick to get the food out, so there's not a lot of time for small talk, but the staff was still friendly. The owner was very nice. She took a moment to visit out table, see how things were, ask where we were from, and even shared the ingredient list for their awesome lime cilantro salad dressing. Excellent, fresh salads, and the empanadas...WOW.
This is how local, healthy food should be! We stopped here for empanadas while on vacation and our criteria was that it had to be kid-friendly and have free parking since Miami Beach is kind of hit and miss with the valet situation. Go-Go delivered on all accounts. Their menu is mainly divided into protein-packed salads and empanadas, both of which were delicious, fresh, and affordable. For us, 5 Empanadas plus a large salad was enough to feed 2 adults plus a kid. The owner was very friendly as well and even gave us travel trips for the rest of our trip.
5 stars as this place blew me away!! Super healthy, fresh options that are both reasonably priced and incredibly delicious! The staff will guide you through the menu and offer honest sound advice!
I come here after working out at the CrossFit right next door and its the best Post Work out meal.  Their variety of healthy Salads, soups and amazing empanadas (Egg White & Spinach is my favorite) will keep you coming back.   The service is friendly and very attentive.
Oh, the flaky, doughy awesomeness of Go-Go's empanadas. I hear tell that the owner imports her dough straight from Argentina, and even if that's not true, these pastries are good enough to live up to the hype. Add one of the restaurant's thoughtfully planned, ultra-healthy (and HUGE) salads to the mix, and you'll be coming back again and again. One of my favorite faux-fast-food joints on South Beach.
Beware! I stopped by at 6pm today and the door was locked. There were people eating inside and even staff behind the counter. I knocked and the staff didn't even look up. After a minute, one of the patrons signaled to me that the store was closed... In spite of a clear sign on the door saying it was open until 10pm on Friday. Really surprised by that level of awful service. I suggest you call in advance to see if they will be open when they say they will...
Cute little place in SoBe. I tried the Dulce de Leche with Blueberries empanada and I was a bit disappointed. Not as tasty as I had expected. Empanadas are small and a bit on the price side ($2.50).
I love this place. The salads are delicious, the people are friendly and the empandas are out of this world. I love the baked type empandas and they have a good range of flavors. My favorite is the chicken fajita one and my girlfriend loves the beef blue cheese :) This is def. more of a local spot, not many tourists unless they somehow wander off Lincoln Rd ;P The only part I dislike about this place is the parking lot, it's very tight and sometimes you get boxed in by other people, so I recommend parking on the street if possible :) If you haven't eaten here, you need to try it!
We bought lots of food at Go-Go, all of it delicious and very inexpensive.  The savory empanadas were great, and I loved the sweet ones with tres leches as well as Nutella.  Yum!
Is there anything left to say about Go-go's??? It is fantastic plain and simple. Great service, prices and food.  And now that they open on Sundays just makes it even better.  I always order the protein steak salad and they remember that.  I normally stop here after a good workout out to get a salad but can never stop myself from ordering their nutella & banana or guava & cream cheese pie.  It kills me..it is just too yummy.
I love this little place because they actually make very healthy salads very tasty, fresh and fast. The super food mini is my latest obsession. Who would have thought broccoli,edamame, pumpkin seeds, tomatoes on a bed of spinage and quinoa would be so amazing!!! Oh maybe it's their carrot ginger dressing.... YES! That's the secret! It's absolutely delicious!! I'm dying to try their other interesting salads and dressings but every time I go I can't wait to get my hands on my super food mini!!!! They even have white wine! This place is the perfect little pit stop right after a long day at work. Oh did I mention the empanadas they smell amazing and on a cheat they are great but the salads are so good I'm not even tempted... Love you Go Go!
Gogo's has been my favorite secret restaurant on the beach for the past 4 years. It's an absolutely amazing place to get great food AKA: fresh salads and empanadas. This place is located on Alton and 9th and has parking. Their ingredients are very high quality and they have the best gourmet empanadas in the world. My favorites are Mozarella with tomato and basil, steak and mushrooms, shrimp scampi, blackberries with dulce de leche and nutella and banana. They are baked immediately after your order so they are super fresh. The owner - Diane - is very nice and she makes sure that the food is consistent and great. Don't go there with the idea of a fancy restaurant because it's the opposite. Just go and enjoy the healthy great food. I miss it so much now that I live in Atlanta!
Awesome place for lunch, especially when trying to satisfy a vegan, vegetarian, and avid red meat eater in one meal. The service was great; the hand pies were good and the salads creative and delicious.
If you're in the mood for a light bite or a quick meal but don't want the added guilt that goes along with a fast food meal, stop in at go-go fresh food cafe. With tons of fresh and healthful salads and soups to choose from as well as its famous go-go pies you can't go wrong. My favorite by far are the thai peanut chicken and the mozzarella tomato and basil pies. But there's something for everyone. Don't forget to order a dessert pie, most often incorporating nutella and fruit, it's a must!
It's so good to have this place in the neighborhood! It's just completely unpretentious, with fresh, creative salads, soups, and empanada-like pockets (eggplant parmesan is my fave). The strawberry lemonade is cold and delicious. Vegetarian, vegan (!), and carnivore-friendly. The women who own Go-Go are great--they obviously care about the food and their customers. And the rest of the staff is really sweet too.  Very low key atmosphere.
My friend took me to this place and at first I was hesitant...until I put that delicious chicken thai empanada in my mouth!!! it was to die for!! The salads were ok, nothing out of this world. I would definitely go there only for the empanadas!! :)
Chicken pot pie empanada?  YES PLEASE! I always order a few different flavors and I am hardly ever disappointed.
Great selection of salads! The empanadas are a bit pricey but delicious- my favorite is the nutella & banana.
Best empanadas in Miami, they also have great fresh salads. Love this place!
Excellent salads, soups, and empanadas ("Go Go Pies".) Fresh ingredients. Fast-casual for lunch, or a healthy light dinner...
Gogo is the best! Their salads are fresh and flavorful and well sized. I personally love the superfoods salad with their delicious tofu and carrot Ginger dressing is to die for. The empanadas are also excellent. You can't go wrong here. And the service is great!
This is my "go to" place when I'm in Sobe and would like a quick lunch or snack.  Everything is FRESH and delicious.  I usually get the mini shrimp salad, but the other day I ordered the large asian salad with tofu and it was great.  I'm currently not eating empanadas, however GO-GO has the best.
I came late to the game on this one, but this place is amazing! There needs to be more places like this on the beach. It's not a tourist trap so it's priced for locals. The ingredients are fresh, the salads are healthy, and the empanadas are really good! When I'm in here I definiately feel like I'm back in LA. Good food, good prices, and modest decor. I LOVE IT! Keep up the great taste you guys!
On our last night in Sobe, my mother and I craved a big delicious salad, which is exactly what we got at the Go-Go Fresh Food Cafe. The ingredients are very fresh, lots of choices, the service was with a smile, and when we asked for bread the server gave us a freshly baked filo pastry that made our mouth water. Too bad, we found this place on our last night but if I come to Sobe again, I'm definitely stopping by.
Perfect place to have a delicious, yet healthy lunch. Yum! Totally hit the spot. I'll be returning.
Great place to grab a fresh salad !!!!! Food is quick and healthy and the empenadas are $2.50 really good. even better they are baked and not fried. They have 2 different salad size options. Prices are reasonable and they have outside seating.
I think the universe sent me a sign by providing me with an apartment on 8th and West. The blessing.. I get to live right next door to Go-Go's. I always complain Miami has no where good to grab a quick salad or sandwich (unless it's whole foods, subway, panera or another part of corporate America) Go-Go's made me regain faith in our mom and pop restaurants. Their empanadas are to die for. They are light and made fresh right in front of you. Not to mention they have many options for meat eaters and vegetarians. Their mini-superfood salad in my all time favorite. I get it almost everytime I go. It is the perfect size and gives me all the nutrients I need. Another amazing thing about Go-Go's is they sell beer. What cafes do you know that sell beer with empanadas and salad? Definitely a great spot to hit  coming back from the beach, or grabbing a quick lunch before work. I love the place.
Great start for me! Friendly people and a tasty tomato, mozzarella, and basil empanada. If my first full meal there is as good, then it'll get 5 stars. Definitely vegetarian-friendly.
Fresh and clean salads! Yummy and healthy. Splurge on the sweet empanadas for dessert!
I love the empanadas here, there's no other place on the beach that is comparable!  Plus they are baked instead of fried.  There is a small parking lot outside that makes it easy to stop in for a quick bite.  This is always my go to place when I have some time to stop for food on south beach.  My favorites are the chicken pot pie and the egg white with spinach.
The place doesn't look like anything from the outside and it's interior design is rather plain looking, but if you just want a fresh, healthy and tasty salad, you will find that here.
Ever since the new management the quality has gone down tremendously. I used to be a regular with the old management and loved this place. I went around 2 times after the new management and started to notice a difference in the quality. I went back today and not only did the price increase but the quality was event worse!! I had the mini cranberry chicken salad. The amount of greens decreased and the quality of the chicken was really cheap. I am so sad to to see this place go down. will not go again
I ordered 40 empanadas for a small gathering from here and they probably lasted all of 15 minutes.  The empanadas are fantastic, service was excellent and the store front was very clean.  I highly recommend it to anybody for a special event.  In truth, this is a simple concept taken to the next step and done well.
Had a few empanadas this Sunday. The guava & queso were delicious. The spicy thai chicken was tasty but not spicy. The spinach feta  was just ok
Love GoGos. I eat here several times a week. It is not unheard of for me to eat here twice a day. The salads, soups and empanadas are a amazing. The staff is amazing, They always make me feel at home. Try the superfood salad, the Asian salad and the Italian!
U will not be disappointed. Been coming here for years. Always fresh, consistent and DELICIOUS !
Go Go is perfect when you are on "the go" its healthy and delicious.  Stop in for some hearty home made soup or if you're a health freak their salads are made with super foods like quinoa.  If your like me and salads are gassy then head for their home made empandads with not your usual ingredients like meatballs and provolone cheese YUMM!!!
The best spot on South Beach to grab a quick, casual meal without any fuss. I'm totally ga-ga over their salads, especially the ones that come with the sesame-seared tofu! Coming from a local who is used to over-priced and lousy food- Go-Go Cafe is very refreshing!
yummy, fresh and empanadas are AWESOME!!!! guava and cream cheese  and chicken pot pie was amazing! This place is cheap, non touristy, and delicious... must go!
3.5 stars because salad...eh. But the empanadas are something worth writing about! If you're here don't forget to get the Argentine, it's my absolute favorite. Following suit, the Chicken Fiesta is pretty good. And if you're craving something sweet, don't hold back on the Guava Cream Cheese and Blackberry Dulce De Leche! At first I thought the Guava one was a bit weird and too tarty, but after the 2nd time I started to really like it. The cream cheese balances out the tartness of the fruit. Friendly service too btw!
Again the reviews took us here.  We hike across south beach to taste their food. A small place in the strip mall where you order at the counter.  They have soups, salads, and empanadas.  We ordered the mini superfood salad, chicken and mushroom soup and 4 empanadas.  That was the perfect amount for the two of us. The soup was a little salty.  The salad was great and didn't need much of the dressing and the empanadas were great.  They are the must order.  We had the steak and mushroom, chicken pot pie, guava and cheese and something with blackberry.  All were delicious and light.  Probably helps that they are baked and also cooked when ordered.  Prices are good.  we spent about $20 for everything.  Service leaves room for improvement.  A smile and thank you would have earned them the 5th star.  But I would give them a try if not just for the empanadas.
good prices with some very tasty and inventive combinations.   the fresh mozzarella, basil, and tomato one tastes better than most pizza you get in miami.  the classic peruvian is good too with olives and potatoes mixed in with the seasoned beef.   each empanada is 2.50 and worth every penny. avoid the salads with bacon, or go without.
I was on vacation in South Beach so I decided to Yelp around to find some good local hole in the wall eateries. I'm really glad I found this place as the classic Argentine empanadas were delicious! The place was walking distance from the Mondrian so it was convenient for us. Great for a quick bite.
This was my go to lunch spot when I lived in Miami- quick, fresh and affordable! They have a focus menu on the wall variety of salads/soups and empanadas. Everything is made to order and very flavorful. The chicken pot pie and egg white/ spinach are my 2 favorite empanadas. I wish there were more places like Go-Go around!
Love this place! Enjoyed a party catered with go-go pies and fell in love! They make tiny pies (empanadas) for parties so I got to try so many. They were all delicious. I love that they have parking, the atmosphere isn't super exciting but good food goes a long way in my book. I LOVE all the healthy options that can be tough to find in miami. Tried a superfood salad and it was excellent.
Great dive for freshly cooked empanadas.  Really cheap too!
On vacation i was trying to find a place to get relatively nutritious food.  Wow, the food is just so fresh here!  It's as if you were making it yourself at home.  I had the superfood mini salad & loved it. Comes with carrot ginger dressing on the side.  Prices are very reasonable.  I had the chicken fajita & banana nutella empanadas.  So delicious.  Enjoyed it so much, I returned for empanadas the next day.
Fresh real food. The kind of food that is plucked from the plant and goes directly into my mouth. This food will increase your life expectancy and reduce future medical expenses. Eat here--'nuff said.
5 stars for the fresh and healthy food options and attentive service.   Their empanadas are baked on premises.  In fact, they are almost baked to order.  If you are in Miami Beach, make sure to stop by for a lunch before you head back to the beautiful south beach.
Great for vegetarians! They have several empanadas and a bunch of yummy salads to chose from! These are super affordable and so cute with the little name tag flags sticking out of them. Two of them plus a salad was plenty of food. I am planning on placing a to go order next time so we can pick them up on the way to the beach!
New ideas on fast food are always welcomed. Go-Go's specialty are small, stuffed pies. I liked the steak, sundried tomato & blue cheese best. Pies are about $2-$2.50 and they are really small, you should grab at least 3-4. They also got salads and soups.
This is a small place with a small menu but BIG heart.  They serve  the freshest salads, delicious go-go pies, and all ingredients used are of the best quality.   The prices are the lowest I've seen on the beach.  When you go, check out the guava & cheese go-go pie... its superb!
Great food, made fresh, great prices! What more needs to be said?
Our friends took us there while on our trip to Miami. They have a great selection of salads and empanadas. They're fresh and favorable. Will definitely be going back...when I'm back in Miami. "Classic" empanada was our favorite.
I can't say enough about this spot and I have to control the urge to go here almost daily. The veggie burger - a new menu addition - is simply TO DIE FOR and ask for the wasabi mayo on the side. As far as empanadas, the meatball provolone is quite tasty as well as the banana nutella. GO! :)
This place is rad, I went there and its very veggie friendly.  Basically they have salads (big or mini), empanadas which they call pies and they have a veggie burger.  Prob more stuff but I was focused on what I wanted. I'm a picky vegetarian (i.e. no eggplant ever) so it was nice to go to a place w/ some variety.  I ordered the cheese, tomato, & basil empanadas as well as the mushroom and spinach along with a mini avocado salad.  Yum!  Plus I had a nutella and banana one cuz everyone on here said it was great and it is.  Everything was fresh and tasted really good. I would say the environment is just ok, pretty casual.  Location is right next to a laundromat and is in a mini mall. With that said given they prob don't spend an arm and a leg on rent they can 1. focus on the food quality and 2. have better prices (vs. the restaurants on lincoln).  Do order the strawberry lemonade.  Its perfect. Enjoy!
Delicious! I had the chicken pot pie, chicken fajita and banana nutella empanadas. The ingredients were all fresh and tasty. It was worth the walk from ocean drive.
We came here just to check it out but were instantly pulled in by the delicious menu and the look of the food. At first we ordered a few of the pies (which are actually empanadas) but soon enough, the kidz & I were on to seconds and had even developed a list of favorites. 1. The ham and cheese 2. The eggplant parm 3. The Philly cheese steak.  It was hard to single these out though, everything  was delicious. Only a few problems: 1) the staff coulda been nicer. 2) it was a little hard to find. 3) the menu was slightly limited. Other then that I think the kids and I both felt that this place was a definate winner! (And we're rather hard to please).
This is why I could never live in Miami.  I would come here everyday and scarf down 20 empanadas.  Any semblance of a beach body would quickly disappear and throw me out of the running for those that scan with lusty glances.
Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous.....love this place, almost died with out my weekly fix when they recently closed for a week so they could take a vacation.  The soup is delicious, especially the chicken and avocado soup which is to die for.   I have tried a lot of the different deliciously innovative empanadas  and LOVED them all, although if I were to pick a favourite I would have to say its the shrimp, yum, yum, yum. Its fantastic to get fast healthy food without the ridiculous amount of salt that is added to food in this country (please do not listen to the haters, do not add more salt!), in normal meal sizes (non of that supersize portions being served as a standard portion) - hooray! I love this place for lunch, dinner, a light snack.....have even stopped by on my rollerblades! A real locals hangout......inexpensive, casual, friendly, clean and quirky.....a real gem :)
Tasty. Guilt free good food. Would eat there again.
Damn empanadas! Screw it, I'll just get fat.
Go go's is a definite hit! Innovative empanada-shaped pies are filled with all types of fresh and savory recipes.  The original piecrusts are made from a special dough that is shipped from Argentina every morning.  For carnivorous ones i recommend the steak and blue cheese.  Tender juicy sirloin strips tangle with creamy blue cheese chunks and fresh tomato beneath a warm, flaky, buttery piecrust.   Chicken lovers must try the barbeque chicken pie.  The house bbq sauce is a smoky and tangy affair, reminiscent of some rural western smokehouse u stopped at on a roadtrip.  If your in the mood for breakfast, the eggwhite, spinach, and feta pie is like eating the best part of an omelette without all that yolk guilt.  If your into some italian food then try the eggplant parmesan or the meatball provolone.    For seafood fans the shrimp scampi pie is a winner.  The shrimp is fresh, juicy, and plentiful.   The dessert pies are incredible.  The nutella banana is so addictive that you might  want to save room for two.   On to the salads.  I've only tried a few, but the ones i've had were excellent.  I recommend the shrimp mini salad which is served with mixed baby greens, hearts of palm, green peas, chopped tomatos and a creamy cilantro dressing.  The portion is generous (dont let the 'mini' misdguide you) and the prices are very fair.   Overall, the service is great and the staff are friendly.   Go go's is a unique establishment.  I only wish there were more of them :p
Everything on the menu is highly addictive.  The employees are great to talk to during the (short) wait as well...
I really love this place!! fresh and healthy food, perfect portion, friendly staff, convenient location...best empanadas ever: try banana nutella, mozzarella-tomato-basil, these are my favorite. All salads are great and everyday they have different soups which are always very tasty. Prices are very reasonable!
Go to Go-Go! You will not be disappointed. There is an empanada for everyone and the salads and soups are fresh and lovely! My faves are the shrimp scampi and argentinian empanadas, the shrimp mini salad and the corn chowder (gluten-free and gosh darn-it, so good!)Parking is hit-miss but for anyone who lives on/ frequents the beach, you will figure something out. Oh and try the lemonade with strawberries!
With such few vegetarian options in Miami, any place that caters to veggie lovers is a place I want to check out. Fortunately, at my girlfriend's suggestion - I tried out Go-Go. It's a great, healthy, casual alternative. They have a great variety of empanadas, daily soups and delicious salads (the Superfood Mini is amazing!). You won't be disappointed.
The salads are refreshing and the pies hit the spot. Great lunch place!
Love Go-Go! The food is always so so yummy! Def try the strawberry lemonade, its the best!
I absolutely love this place!!!  The fresh taste of their "Go-Go Pies" (their fresh way of saying empanadas) are absolutely deeeee-lish!!!  The Thai Chx is to die for! I compliment their wide variety of selection and just the taste of the first bite is amazing.  It's a great place to meet up with my friends and have a good affordable meal and feel satisfied.
Amazing steak salad and super cheap place! Gonna try the empanadas next time.
I tried many of their empanadas and i was highly impressed with their chicken fajita, tomato mozzarella basil, and argentine..... i didn't care for their steak chimichurri empanada.   The avocado mini salad is good as well but nothing out of this world.   I will definitely come back soon to this place.  I can't wait to try their dessert empanadas like the banana nutella one.   Awesome place on the beach
Its a small cafe. Don't expect a five star fine dining, just fresh empanadas in variety and salads and you will love it. Owner has an amazing memory, remembered my friend from 7 yrs ago that used to go there.   Not fried, baked, and with more options that fat, fattier, and super-fat, these are made with fresh ingredients and with a mind to spark your taste buds.
I work in the area and this is my favorite place around for lunch. I absolutely love the chicken mini salad!!! I get it every time!! The lady that owns the place can be a little rough to customers and it can be hard to find a seat during lunch time but the quality of the food is pretty good. They also have soups and empanadas. I recommend this place if you are a salad freak like me!!!
Hands down, my favorite place for empanadas on the beach! Lots to choose from - savory to sweet... And I love the little flags they stick in the empanadas so you know what you're eating before you start. I would definitely recommend checking this place out. Not sure about the salads, but the homemade soups are pretty great as well!
I love this place!  Great, fresh food and friendly staff.  I get a salad and an empanada -- my favorite salad is the super food, but asian and sobe salads are great too.  You really can't go wrong!
I love this place!  I won't give it five stars because it gets a little bit pricey especially with the mini salads, but the food and the variety is great!!!
A good friend of mine had been raving about this salad and sandwich place on Alton Road, and I braved the construction chaos to check it out. First, they have parking spaces in front of their space! So it was easy to get there and order. You order from the counter and pick up your food- but that's the only thing that makes this similar to a fast good rest. They make the salads and sandwiches as you wait and you don't feel rushed. We had been told the place was popular with locals- including models, and my visit did not disappoint. A table of statuesque ladies eating alfalfa sprouts and bottled water added to the relaxed ambience. Expect to pay more than Subways- but the food is fantastic.
I'm gonna have to agree with my fellow reviewers Rob, Ciara, and Michelle. This is the one place that me and my friends can consistently agree on for that hard to choose lunch spot. As you walk through the door of this precious cafe, receive a warm welcome from the owner who happily asks me if I'll be having my usual--garden mini and one Italian meatball/provolone pie on the side. Just as you finish that last toasty bite of your crunchy yet flavorful empanada (aka Go-Go pie) that this fine cafe has perfected, don't be surprised if you find yourself craving more. And fortunately I can recommend a few other options: a classic ceasar or the cranberry/chicken mini, with of course a pie of your choice (hit the spot with the philly cheesesteak or spicy thai peanut chicken), and be sure to save room for that melts in your mouth nutella/banana combo for dessert. Trust me, save yourself the hassle and point the car in direction of Go-Gos.
i finally tried their salads. the sobe salad is awesome. i added a couple of extra toppings and voila. fresh deliciousness in a bowl. while not precisely cheap ($10+) it was indeed a very good salad. got an orangina and suddenly i felt like i had a healthy lunch.
This place has really great, healthy and affordable food! If you feel in the mood for empanada, this is the place to go. The service is so-so, but expected. Last time I was in, the owner was flipping out because he claimed people were taking his parking spots. If you're going to tow them, tow them. Don't spread your business' problems by asking EVERYBODY eating which one is my car. I don't like to be interrupted while I'm eating.
Great place with cheap eats.  Exquisite empanadas that are freshly made so there is a bit of a wait but so worth it.   This is definitely one of those secret locale places that tourists don't normally venture to.  Try any I guarantee them to be good.   They also have fresh salads that I haven't tried but looks great. It's tossed on the spot after you pick your toppings.
I live in the neighborhood; however, I did not realize this restaurant existed. What a fabulous place, I really suggest trying it.
I love GO-GO! their food is ALWAYS fresh and they have so many options to create your own salad. I've never been let down. The owner is always present and the staff is courteous. There's tons of construction blocking the front of the building so for now use the alley way and come through the back.
My experience today at Go Go: Got there at 11:30, right when it opens. Another person was waiting for them to open the door.  Was let in and 4 or 5 other people came in a minute or so later  There was madness because the empenada oven was broken, and we were told that we could only order salads.  No problem.  I ordered my salad, and then nothing.  No one was actually making the salads, and they just kept taking orders while 3 or 4 other employees stood around doing nothing.  Then, when someone finally started making my salad (of premade ingredients, which they just have to throw together), she would put one or two ingredients in, stop, and walk in the back for a few minutes.  This was repeated 3 or 4 times.  When my half made salad was put aside, I asked another employee if he could finish my salad, and he smirked, and said, "I don't do salads."  Um, OK, but apparently he does not do anything else either.   To top it off, when I was driving out of the parking lot (which only has room for one car entering or exiting), one of the owners faced me down as she was driving in, and would not back up so that I could exit the parking lot.  I had to back up (back into the parking lot) so that the owner could enter before I could exit.  I had been trying to exit before she even got there, common courtesy dictates that people exit before others enter, and she is an owner for god's sake.  Is that how she treats clients? Overall, the food is good, but the attitude of the owners and  employees needs serious work.
Don' let the construction happening in Alton Road fool you. Go-Go is open and it keeps the high standars of freshness and taste in their salads and empanadas. It is not fancy, it is delicious and perfect to pick up and take home or eat there in a very casual relax atmosphere. Quick, fresh, and diverse. I love this place not only for their food or how nice and attentive everybody is but  because it is one of the very few places in SOBE that has a free parking  right there for your convenience. Please Go-Go and  try it yourself!
I love this place. The only reason why I didn't rate it 5 stars is because it would be PERFECT if they made some of their empanadas with 100% whole wheat dough. When you think about it, it's not really THAT healthy unless they have an option for those who don't want processed, refined white flour. Come on guys!!! :)
Great empanadas, salads, and dessert. The shrimp and spinach empanadas were deli.
This  place  rocks.  Cheap  and  fresh and  clean.  Simple  healthy  menu  and  they  do  a  great   job.  Will  not  be  disappointed.  How  it  took  me  so  long  to  find  this  place  in  not  so  good  looking  spot  is  beyond  me.  No  more  cheap  $4.50  Subway  for  me  as  this  place  offers  a  bang  for  the  buck
Construction dust squalls and all, you will still walk in to a clean place and a smiling staff. Delicious home made soups and empanadas, and everything is specially prepared. If you're on South Beach and need to grab a quick bite; this is the place! Oh, and the brownies dissolve as soon as you put them in your mouth.
Empanadas definitely carried this place.  The salads were decent but nothing exceptional.  All the empanadas our group tried (8 varieties) were all very good
Fresh, healthy, fast, lots of vegetarian options and amazing soup. The staff is always friendly. Love this place. Just wished they delivered again.
Equisito!!!  Authentic Argentine empanadas, plus healthy, delicous and nutritious salads and soups.  More than a dozen varieties of empanadas and they are all delicioso!   My favorite flavors are Spinach & Feta,  Mozzarella, Tomato & Basil and Dulce de Leche & Blackberries.  Osmar and his staff provide a warm and friendly atosphere -- just as you would expect from a native of B.A.   They serve a unique combination that is very scarce on Miami Beach -- fresh fast food with an amazing flavor.  Their prices are remarkable and the food is a fantastic value.  Not surprising that GoGo has become a favorite among attractive and health concious Miami Beach locals.
This place is the epitome of good quality and at home, mom and pop place. I've never had bad food or service in this place. It's pretty popular, evidenced by how busy it is even through the South Beach construction. Their veggies are fresh and their freshly squeeze strawberry lemonade taste amazing. Service is also very pleasant & friendly
Really good and healthy tasting empanadas. The Classic Argentine was phenomenal if you're a meat eater. The Thai Peanut was good, but not as great as everyone else is saying. It was full of good, juicy white meat chicken, but not tons of flavor. I'll be going back to try the salads. mmmmm
If you like clean/healthy eating and you haven't already, you must go go to Go Go Fresh! Go Go is one of my top choices for healthy, quick eats in Miami. It offers a plethora of salads in two sizes or the option to create your own. The ingredients are fresh and plentiful.  My go-to salad is the Super Food, packed with spinach, edamame, broccoli, chickpeas, raisins and seeds topped with a fresh carrot-ginger dressing. If you're in the mood for vegetarian comfort food, the homemade soups and the vege burger are excellent! I am not an empanada fan (I know, how can I say that living in Miami) but I LOVE Go Go's empanadas. They are baked and light, lacking that deep fried batter flavor included with your local gas station empanadas that everyone in this city loves. My favorites are the spinach feta and the eggplant parmagiano. If you're in the mood for something sweet, you can't go wrong with either the banana & nutella or the guava & cream cheese. Writing this review makes me want to go get one right now!
I was visiting Miami Beach and visted based on Yelp reviews. This place was so good, we went back twice during our week stay. We only had the empanadas but the salads looked really good too. The parking lot is private but small. It was easy to miss the driveway entrance. This place was really busy both times we went so we can tell it is very popular with the locals. I wish we had a place like this in CA.
Tasty little treats, nice place to indulge on a bunch of different empanadas. I'd go again if we wanted something yummy and light.
Love the empanadas here! They're $2.50 apiece, I usually get 4. My favorites are the meatball & provolone and guava & cream cheese. They have so many options for the fillings, something that other empanada joints in this city lack. I've never tried their salads, but my dining companions love them. Also, I've heard their veggie burger (and sweet potato fries) are great. The only negative here is the parking; they have a teeny tiny lot that holds only a few cars. Can be a nightmare at lunchtime. Also, their weekend hours are terrible--I wish they were open all day on Saturdays & Sundays, I'd definitely be here every weekend!
I only tried the empanadas here and they were delicious! Chicken parmesan: A must try. The cheese... the spices... the chicken all blend perfectly and leaves you wanting more. Meatball: Jut go ahead and skip it. It just wasn't good for my standards. Cheese, tomato, basil: Can I have 3 please? Ths empanada is my favorite.... love the cheese that they use. Philly Cheese Steak: I had very high hopes for this empanada... I think that if they used cheddar cheese it would be better.... I would skip it. Cheese and onion: You should know that I HATE ONIONS and yet this one was my second favorite! So delicious! The onion is sweet and taste fresh. The only bad thing is that I think you might get bored after having one. Argentinian: its alright... Try it though ;) Dulce de leche and berries: Skip it... the berries have too many seeds in them. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!
best spot in miami so far for the buck... good emapanadas, nice staff, fresh salads and fair price for miami. it is the kind of place you go to grab a quick bite and have a loose conversation. if you need a romantic environment bring it with you.
I love this place! I was on the beach and needed to grab a super quick dinner before heading to a meeting. I needed food like fast food fast, but I refuse to eat at burger king or McDonalds. Plus I'm a vegetarian so.... Then I remembered a friend had told me about this place and another that was healthy and veg friendly on the beach.   Found it easily despite the crazy construction going on at Alton rd. And there was plenty of free parking. Done. Place was very clean and the guy taking my order at the counter was friendly. I ordered the spinach and feta empanada and the guava and cheese empanada. To drink I ordered the freshly squeezed strawberry lemonade. Order was ready in less than 5 minutes and cost me only about 7 bucks! I chowed down and everything was delicious. And that was the best lemonade I've ever had! Perfect. They have all kinds of empanadas and salads, including with meat for you non-veg peeps. Healthy fast food on the beach. Winning. The only thing I would add is a drive through! Lol!
LOVE, LOVE this place!!! It's a staple in my weekly diet!! My favorites are the SOBE and superfoods salad!! It's a MUST try for South Beach!!
Love it!!! great $$$$$
Horrible experience. The owner is ignorant and rude.
One dollar sign?? More like two at a minimum. Beside that, very darn good salads!  We will def be back again soon!
I love this place. Great salads, soups and empanadas!!
BEST veggie burger in town!  I also love the interesting empanada flavors.  Great SOBE location.
As the world becomes more homogeneous, more predictable, blender and duller, we congregate towards these little haven of goodness, these places that have integrity and independence of spirit. Go-Go is one of these places. The food (salads, soups and empenadas) is delicious, fresh and made to order. You can eat there as many times a week as you wish without blowing your budget and feeling like you've done your body good.
The Miami Yelp squad did not lead me astray with this winning recommendation, well, maybe only in the geographical sense... Go-Go is hidden away in the tourism boonies on the "other" (bay) side of the island. Fine by me. A mile jaunt from my Ocean Drive hotel probably did me some good, after all I was on vacation (vacation=gorge fest+exercise purgation). Healthy. Fresh. Cheap. Creative. Tasty. An unbeatable combination in my book. The empanadas stole the show. Baked, not fried. So light and easy to gulp down. We tried the following: -Beef & Mushroom. Yum! -Eggplant Parm: Good, but I'm just not that into Italian flavors. Reminiscent of a calzone. -Nutella & banana. This is the stuff my dreams are made off. Amazingly delicious! -Guava & Cream Cheese. Ok/kinda weird. The cream cheese was too funky for me. Another lighter, sweeter tasting cream cheese would have worked better. Go-Go also offers a great selection of salads and almost every salad topping imaginable. The salads can be ordered as mini (this label is misleading, it's much more substantial) or big. -I ordered the Superfood mini. Spinach, quinoa, broccoli, tomatoes, edamame, chickpeas, golden raisins, and pumpkin seeds topped with a carrot ginger dressing. Satisfying and healthy. The carrot ginger dressing was the icing on the cake. -My BF got a chicken cranberry walnut salad with strawberry (raspberry?) vinaigrette. I was not especially fond of the vinaigrette, too artificial tasting and the salad was far less exciting than the one I'd order. But, at least, the grilled chicken was freshly prepared. My take away: For just two and a half bucks, the empanadas are a snack well worth it. And, the salads, while naturally not as scrumptious as the empanadas, are good in their own right and delightfully healthy and fresh. I'd for sure be a lunch time regular if I lived/worked in this 'hood.
Go-Go is one of the very few places where I actually look forward to ordering a salad.  This place has consistently good food and the service is quick also.  The salads and empanadas are always made fresh when you order, with high-quality ingredients. I usually get the avocado mini salad and a classic Argentine empanada.  The nutella and banana empanada is delicious as well.
I'm giving this place a 2, only because the food is amazing. The salads rock and so does that strawberry lemonade they make. Unfortunately the few times I went (particularly the last visit), it's been a complete disaster. It gets extremely busy in there around lunch, which is understandable. I expect to wait, that's fine. However, I asked the cashier if there is more strawberry lemonade left, he says yes of course. So, I get that and a small salad to go. 20 minutes later, done with my salad, I suppose they forgot I was there, but I get my salad and tell the women that I also ordered a lemonade. She says they have to make it and it will be 15 minutes, "would I still want it?" Why yes, I paid for it. 15 minutes later they bring out the lemonade and serve all customers just arriving and waiting except for me. Ok, that's fine. I look directly at a staff member and say excuse me I've been waiting for at least 15 minutes for just a lemonade...and he proceeds to look directly at me and ignore me. I left without it. Point is, they need to hire more people to keep up the demand. I won't be going back here anytime soon, which is unfortunate because it's really good and right near where I work. But, it's a complete shit-show in there for lunch, so expect to either wait awhile or paw through the crowd to beg for your food.
Heaven :)
Yummiest salads ever! Quality food served fast in a clean environment. Lots of choices. The most delicious tofu you'll ever taste (seriously, try eat you meat lovers). The wasabi cucumber dressing is like a little slice of spice heaven. I am usually good with a big salad or a little salad and a go-go pie. The dulce de leche blackberry is by far the best dessert choice, and my favorite savory pie is the spinach, egg white & swiss. Prices are on par with what you would expect in South Beach. I don't have anything negative to say about Go Go, but I can't in good conscience award that 5th star. I think it's something about the service that is holding me back. It's good enough, but could be much friendlier and faster. Parking is also super difficult. Bottom Line: Go-go is my go-to spot for fresh, healthy, and satisfying lunch on Alton road that won't break the bank.
Bad ambiance and location, but the food is simple, fresh, healthy, and cheap. I can see why other reviewers say this place grows on you.
This place rocks. The food and staff were great. Perfect for lunch.  They have outdoor seating. I had the avocado soup and sweet potato soup,  both were perfection. One of the empanadas I had was the beef, blue cheese & tomato. It was so interesting, different and delicious. There is so much more I would love to try on the menu,  I will definitely come back!
Excellent spot for lunch or a quick bite. We had lunch. Must try the empanada with spinach & feta and the chicken pot pie. We also had the chicken caesar salad and the Greek salad. Both was very fresh and generous in size. The lady was kind to talk to our daughter, gave her some wax paper and crayons to color. It was great. Thxu
This place is amazing! I come here every time I come down to miami beach. I haven't found many places that make anything with shrimp even barely edible but their shrimp scampi pie is thebomb.com. They have such a clean and welcoming environment! 5 stars!
My new favorite salad place in Miami Beach. The food is fresh, the price is very reasonable and the staff very friendly.....the empanadas are fantastic! Such a good discovery, I will definitely be back....
Fresh but bland. Price comparable to Whole foods which is pretty much next door and you can put whatever you want on your salad. Not crowded. Empanadas are baked. Not greasy. Sauces and salad dressing left much to be desired
I had the super food salad and my husband had a few of the empanadas and both were great. The woman behind the counter was meticulous about making my salad and it showed. This place is a bit of a walk from the main area but worth it.
I had the Italian salad and it was delicious. The service was friendly and the place was clean. If you're looking for a good salad and/or empanada, then it's a great spot. I will go back and would recommend it.
empanada heaven - finished 3 while walking back to the apt. - order 5 chimichuri steaks NOW!!i
Definitely my new addiction! I highly recommend the bbq beef and nutella/banana!!!
Everything you eat here will impress you.  This place focuses on fresh food and the flavors are so pure and complimentary by combing different a tastes.  The guava cream cheese is a must try.   Great staff, I've been here twice in the last 24 hours on my vacation. Thank you Yelp.
I can't believe I haven't tried this place sooner. I know why: it's very inconspicuous with its tiny sign. With so much construction on Alton now, it's no wonder... But now that I've found GoGo, I'm hooked. At the recommendation of so many fellow Yelpers, I went for the classics: the superfood salad, Thai chicken and shrimp scampi empanadas. For the Superfood salad: my mind is blown. This mashup of edamame, quinoa, spinach, broccoli, seeds, chick peas, tomatoes and raisins would be too healthy on its own. Enter the light tang of a gingery dressing to make it harmonize like a Beyoncé track. And I'm a sucker for empanadas generally, but this creative selection is killer. I'm in love   Last but not least, I've totally discovered why this place has such a devoted fan base: EVERYONE HERE IS SUPER HOT. Seriously. This is where the supermodels eat (when they do eat). Maybe if I eat here I'll look like a supermodel too? I hope so. ;)
Perfect for a quick bite. It's not quite as fast as fast food but its much more rewarding. Only went for the empanadas and below are the ones we tried ranked from from favorite to least. The one thing that was consistent was the delicious dough. This was our dinner for the day. Two of us shared 10 total and felt it was just the right amount. Beef n mushroom - for mushroom lovers! Chicken fajita - well seasoned Meatball n provolone - yummy Mozzarella tomato basil - yummy Dulce leche n bberry- will have every time! Classic argentine - too ground beefy Thai peanut - flavor too mild Spinach feta Philly cheesesteak Nutella banana - this is an unfair score bc I just don't like bananas. My bf loved it. Overall really we really enjoyed our empanadas. I'm sure quality will vary between batches so I might give my least favorites a second chance.
ooo mmmmm This place is cute, new, clean, sexy, yummy. They have sandwiches, salads, soups, lemonade, and the most important thing- EMPANADAS! There are a bunch of varieties, they even have sweet ones as desserts. The great thing is the food is FRESH and CHEAP and everyone who works there is so nice. I will be coming back to try the other empanadas.
The empanadas are pretty good but the salad is what won me over. I had the small shrimp salad with peas and hearts of palm. It tasted delicious and very fresh. The dressing, which came on the side, was also very tasty. I went there with 4 teenager boys after spending a few hours on the beach, so they ate several empanadas each, it was unanimous, they loved them all.
Mmmm the empanadas here are amazing. But it can get quite pricey if you're not careful! The salads are fresh and always super yum- I usually go with the mini salads as far as portion goes unless I want some for later. The real STAR here goes out to the small batch soups. Amazingly delicious, unbelievable that all of their soups are dairy free/gluten free. I don't know how they do it but they do it well. Some favorites- split pea, chicken asparagus, lentil, sweet potato broccoli. I'm sure they have new ones everyday and I really can't wait to try them all. Only downside to gogo is that it's a bit of a wait. I started calling in my order before arriving and still end up waiting at least 5 minutes if not 10 when I get there. Fresh is best though so it hasn't stopped me yet!
THE EMPANADAS ARE SO PERFECT FOR $2.50 their bigger than you think plus you get hooked up with so much goodies on the inside with meats and what not. i always got the super food mini salad? so good and its not even that small. the soup are amazing and the staff is really awesome and kind if you want dessert get the guavaaaaa empa this is placeeee
Very down to earth location, just off on Alton Road and very close to whole foods. It has a parking lot and on the side of a small plaza - could easily miss it. There's a blue sign that days go go fresh. The place is nice  and very comfortable and it's equipped with  tables to sit at. There's a lot of nice staff working at the market. Food is amazing. Empanadas are a must while here. Everytime I stopped by downtown Miami or Miami beach, I tend to come here for a quick grab.  Get the beef & mushrooms, shrimp scampi and can't miss the chicken pot pie.  There's also a bunch of salads to choose from. Hours have changed (not reflected in yelp): Monday - Friday 11:30 am - 10:00 pm and Saturday - Sunday: 11:30 am - 9:00 pm You know all the food is fresh because they make it for you while you wait. Straight out of the oven!
I have walked by here every day for one month to Wholefoods, thinking "smart placing a salat bar here so close to Wholefoods" I read on Yelp that the food was "amazing" and wlaked over there tonight. I am not kidding - bets food in Miami EVER! I have eaten out every day for one month on Miami Beach, and this place + Otentico on Washington is far the best and it cost like nothing! Im going back in 30 minutes to get more empalads, their even better than pizza! And the superfood salat was amazing getting that every day for breakfast now!
I crave the deliciousness of their empenadas on a weekly basis. I can't wait to plan my next trip to Miami for some sun and Go-Go Fresh empenadas! My favorites: +beef and mushroom +spicy thai peanut chicken +philly cheesesteak +meatball & provolone +guava & creamcheese +nutella & banana
Fast. Fresh. Delicious. My favorite is the tomato and herb soup or the Superfood Salad. The carrot ginger dressing is incredible. Even though it's usually packed they are so fast. It has a teeny tiny parking lot though.
Came here based on the reviews. Due to construction this place was kinda hard to locate and park especially diving at night. Parked at the nearby Whole Foods instead and walked over. Since we came at night a lot of the choices were gone. I wanted to try the nutella one but sadly they were out. Favorites were the thai chicken, shrimp scampi and beef blue cheese and tomatoes. Sadly, chicken pot pie was not as flavorful as I was hoping. I can't remember the others I got so probably not too amazing. For dessert the guava and cream cheese was surprisingly good if not a bit sweet. The blueberry and dulce de Leche was definately a sugar overkill. Overall good for a quick snack and they are all baked so I didnt feel greasy from the usual fried empanadas you get elsewhere. Wish they had something like this close to my home!
A Very Simple Quick Salad Spot. I Love It Here. The Vegan Soups Are Always Yummy & The Salads Are So Big & Filling. Great Spot For Vegans On. The Beach. Staff Are Always Helpful.
Best empanadas. Everything used is fresh and delicious. Many vegetarian and dairy free options. If only they were in houston. Great location close to south beach.
Yum! My favorite here is the Vitamin-K mini which is a kale salad with red bell peppers, onions, brown rice and walnuts with a fresh squeezed lemon and olive oil dressing. I feel like I'm nourishing my body when I eat this. I've also had their vegan chicken soup and it was tasty and light. Not a fan of empanadas in general but theirs seemed fine when I tried one. I like to have the strawberry lemonade mixed with their green iced tea so it's less sweet. Does not feel like fast food!
Had a great salad and enjoyed the food, the service and the company! It's casual, comfortable, and great for getting quality food in an uncomplicated way. Ingredients were fresh and there are lots of options to choose from, from quinoa to shrimp or organic chicken. Definitely a place I'll come back to!
Outstanding soups, salads, empanadas, and juices!  Everything was top quality, fresh ingredients! Dont be held back by the small restaurant, the food, service, and food prices can't be beat in south beach!
We stopped here on our way home from the beach looking for a healthy lunch. We found it and it was delicious. I got the veggie burger, which is served on flat bread and comes with an awesome hummus spread and avocado. Also comes with some yummy baked sweet potato fries. Mr. O got the super foods mini salad and was impressed. We definitely need more of this food in our lives!  They have an amazing, fresh strawberry lemonade as well that was so refreshing after a hot beach day. Yum!
In the heart of South Beach, tucked in a weird parking lot next to a cursed restaurant space where the ghosts of failed businesses moan and rattle their chains lives Go-Go Fresh Food Cafe (It'd be funny if it served alcohol then it would be a Go-Go Bar. get it? naked chicks? Yes? No? Anyway I digress) The Food: Must Get: 1) Empanadas....The pride and joy of this place, pick any..it's gonna be good, sweet or savory. flavors include Chicken Pot Pie, Philly Cheese Steak,  Chicken Fajita, Meatball Mozzarella, Classic Argentinian (ground beef), Ham and Cheese (and a bunch more) all awesome! and the sweets are pretty damn good too Banana Nutella I'm looking at you!.. They even put a little flag on each empanada so no more guessing or branded empanadas.. 2) Soups: Very nice and fresh, Avocado Chicken, Asparagus, Broccoli.. 3) Salads: look very fresh and fancy haven't had them yet though. It does get suuuper packed during lunchtime, so be ready to make a line, they also they have weird hours so check their business days/hours carefully.
Fresh and tasty empanadas! I had 2: with shrimps and banana nutella :) $2.50 for each.
This review is solely for the empanadas! They are seriously the best in Miami. The Argentine was my favorite but if you are looking for something sweet the dulce de leche raspberry is awesome. Unique combination and extremely delicious. The service is great too which I found was rare in south beach. A must.
I have never been more humiliated in my life. My coworker and I placed an order online together. When we got there to pick it up, the owner told us it was impossible to separate the orders. 1 soup 1 salad, why is that so difficult? When I asked why can't you just cancel the order and do 2 separate ones, he snapped like a lunatic and said "DON'T COME IN HER WITH THAT ATTITUDE, YOU THINK I NEED YOUR BUSINESS? I DON'T NEED YOUR BUSINESS, GET OUT!" I tried to keep composed and walked out in embarrassment.  I've been going there for years and have loved their food.  It is such a shame that such a disgusting attitude can tarnish a place like that. I will never go back again.
Great spot!! Fast, friendly and fabulous! Empanadas are amazing and the cranberry chicken mini salad! Must try! Convenient parking and no hassle.
I love Go Go !!! It is such a local spot and my favor empanadas !! Everything is fresh and deloscious!
Such a nice place to come and eat! All the food is fresh and great tasting! Healthy vegetarian and vegan options are available which I love! Staff is super friendly! Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots!
This place rocks best empanadas hands down!!! Try all of them !! Made fresh everyday. ;-)))))
My first experience when coming to this fine establishment was parking in an illegal spot. The owner happened to be walking by and calmly told us to drive over the curb and along the sidewalk to get to his parking lot where we were allowed to park. That was pretty gosh darn radical and we happily obliged. Secondly the food is fantastic. We ordered two empanadas which were delicious and the veggie burger. The veggie burger was aaaaawwwwweeeesome. It had a cucumber wasabi sauce on it which was almost unfathomabally tasty. I was pretty close to jumping over the counter, stealing a large container of it and making a daring escape through the rear entrance. Luckily I was on too much Xanax to make such a rash decision. Yes eat the food. Love it. Be it
I'm a fan ! Cannot beat cheap and good on the beach. Hey I will take it even if that means combating Miami Beach traffic and construction. I can totally understand this place making a mistake here and there. They are only human. The good percentage of the time that I have been there. I can say it has always been good and never an issue. Today I am munching on a yummy egg mini. There mini salads are a great value for your buck ! EMPANADAS ARE A MUST !
Great food! Had 4 different ampendmadas. Bit over pricy per piece. SALADS are amazing and huge  portions and really fresh.
Go-Go's is my go-to for a fresh, fast and delicious meal in South Beach.  Their empanadas, salads and soups are as scrumptious as ever!  They're no longer open on Sundays though - a bummer when that craving pops up. My favorite and standby order is their Asian salad (mixed greens, edamame, carrots, mandarin oranges, sesame-toffed tofu, and crispy noodles with a delicious slightly tart dressing), accompanied by a spicy Thai peanut chicken empanada.  With a little side of the chopped jalapenos for added spice - yum yum yum! The women who own Go-Go are very friendly and eager to make sure you get some delicious food.  Sometimes ordering can be a bit slow, depending on the crowd and the number of employees.  Parking is convenient, though the parking lot can become a zoo when they're crowded - watch out if you're in a hurry.
Long wait for empanadas I was in a rush so not particularly happy with my experience.  Still waiting for my empanadas.
This is one of the best kept secrets in Miami Beach.  Wow, is all I can say.  I have at least 5 favs [empanadas] - Argentine, Beef/Tomato/Blue Cheese, Philly Cheese Steak, Ham n Cheese, Spinach & Feta, Blueberry....etc. Super light and fluffy.  I also had a mini avocado salad that was so fresh and good.  Great prices...I just love this place, and I am sure you would too!
McKayla Maroney is not impressed and neither am I. Funny story. For a time, I was eating healthy. Like, I wasn't even 'trying.' I was doing it. Veggies. Juice. Quinoa. The whole nine yards. During my 30 day experiment, I found myself at the mecca of healthy beach dining: Go-Go Fresh. And while the food was very fresh (and very healthy-tasting), I, routinely, received a cold shoulder while ordering and waiting for my food. So much so on my last visit, I felt like leaving and told myself that I wouldn't return. Like others mention, the decor is minimalist. Stark. It's not a very warm or welcoming environment. Perhaps that's done on purpose. Perhaps it is a convenient coincidence. I don't know. But it is what it is. From the frosty environs, I encountered a frosty welcome. I'm not expecting cartwheels and sparklers each time I enter into an establishment, but some sort of acknowledgement beyond a nod and grunt would be appreciated. At first I thought, "Oh. There's a language barrier and he (the owner?) is just keeping it moving." No. Guests who arrived after me were greeted with a smile and conversation. Again, I don't know if they were regulars. Perhaps they were. But icing me out WHILE I AM GIVING YOU MONEY is a sure-fire way to ensure that I'll never be a regular. The superfood salad, however, was so good I thought to give them another chance. It got worse. The next visit, a woman (owner?) made me wait 6 minutes (I timed it) before she addressed me. I was the only person in the store, so it was quite the awkward 6 minutes. I should have left. Two patrons who came in after me and ordered what I did (salad and empanadas) received their food before I did. I was stunned. When I was given my food, she didn't hand it to me. She put it on the counter and walked away. Seriously, I could not figure out what I'd done to these people to be treated so rudely on two different visits. But I knew this would be the last one. Clearly, I was not welcome at this restaurant. I'm not going to complain about portion size at a healthy eating destination. Eating giant amounts of food is how we, as Americans, got into our obesity epidemic to begin with. It's too bad the owners want nothing to do with me. I'm a fan of their food. The empanadas, in particular, are quite appealing. Shrimp scampi, nutella & banana and blackberry/dulce de leche are all as good as they sound. Really. But, I'm not in the market of hating myself after patronizing an establishment. Clearly Go-Go Fresh wants nothing to do with me -- and after two visits and nasty service on each attempt, the feeling is mutual.
Finally after passing this place hundreds of times we decided to grab a quick lunch today. Tucked away in the corner next to a laundrymat, this place can easily be overlooked. Modern art on the walls from local artist which they sell, that was cool. Other than the few art pieces very plain inside with not much of a decor at all. After reading all the reviews we decided to just order some Empanadas. We ordered a total of four: Eggplant Parmigiano Steak Chimichurri Steak and Shitake Mushroom Spinach and Mushroom Do not come here if you are in a hurry. They make them fresh and it takes a good fifteen minutes or so to get your order. Service was OK. Our order comes out and they were hot, fresh, and tasty. I did like how fresh they tasted and all of the ingredients were delish. The outside was flaky, light and crisp without being overcooked. My favorite was the Eggplant. This one stood out because it actually had flavor to it. The rest were good but I found them to be quite bland. I walked up to the counter twice to grab salt and pepper just to give them some much needed flavor. They were good, but not the best I have ever had. Yes, I would come back and try some of there very good looking soup and maybe a salad. I would order Empanadas again, maybe try a different kind. Hubby ordered the fresh squeezed lemonade and strawberry and it was so good. They did not make me a fan but it was decent. It was nice and clean inside, added bonus!
Ok, I went on Thursday night with some friends.  I had worked out particularly hard that day, so I was hungry enough to eat a camel raw.  I also didn't want to undue the benefits of a good workout, so I thought this place might be just the ticket.  It really was.  I had three of the pockets...the classic argentine, the eggplant parmigiana and the raspberry for desert.  I also ordered the oriental chicken salad, the green tea with melon and a couple of the healthy oatmeal rasin cookies.   Ok, I was a bit of a human garbage disposal, but in my defense I could barely stand after my workout and needed fuel...LOL About the food...the argentine pocket was ok, I probably would not do it again just because it left me thinking it needed some more robust flavoring, but not bad really.  The eggplant was exceptional with the rich marinara bubbling under the warm crust, the raspberry was very good...the feel of that warm flaky crust dissolving around strong and sweet yet tart flavor of raspberry as it hits your mouth...well...that's good stuff!   The salad was not quite what I expected, but not bad.  It could use a bit more of an Asian influence though....the oatmeal cookies and tea were over the top, and I would recommend them to anybody.   Plus...the fun stuff.  I got there ahead of my friends, and was able to geek out with their strong wi/fi connection.   They treated my buds and I well, even though we were kind of a large group and a bit loud.   Parking is a small hassle, but not too bad.  Their parking lot is small but cramped due to the presence of a large laundry, but you can park just about anywhere near there.  There is street parking available too but I ended up making my own space on the side of the parking lot where no parking space really existed, and nobody complained. Would I go back?  In a heartbeat.  After my next workout I might try everything on their menu! ;-) Danny
For a tasty, delicious, affordable, and different lunch it's tough to beat Go Go Fresh. The execution on empanadas and salads is close to perfect and the variety of flavors and quality of freshness are all impressive. Then once you factor in the price it's clear this place is a winner. They are open until 10PM which allows for Go Go to also be a dinner option. When I stopped in they were pretty busy but the line moved quickly and service was friendly as usual. Do expect a small wait for your food but the ease of having it brought to you at your table earns big points. While they don't have wi-fi (please get some) this is actually a really great place to work with your laptop.
Ciara may I steal your line?  the warm flaky doughy goodness of these palm-size empanadas is oh so yummy.  the contents are varied and interesting as well -- tried the classic argentine, steak chimichurri, and mushroom special, all quite delectable.  they offer healthy salads with good ingredients; fits perfectly with the health conscious residents of south beach still awesome, 2.25 for a tasty dough, get the chimichurri lots of people come for the salad this place is still doing well--expanded outside area empanadas baked perfectly with the treadmill oven dough still great and some nice dessert ones like blackberry dulce de leche (rolled smaller) this is the type of empanada that can be mass marketed
One of the foods I miss most here in Atlanta is a good empanada. They're so yumtastic, and versatile, too! Sweet or savory, greasy drunk food or a solid lunch... all can be filled by empanadas. I was thrilled to see we'd be ordering lunch in from Go-Go, and I was not disappointed. Two empanadas came my way, one steaky and one tomato/mozzarella-y. Yes, an Italian take on an empanada, and it was delicious. But then again, when is bread, cheese, and tomato not delicious? NEVER. That is the only appropriate answer. The steaky version was equally delicious with tender flavorful meat and a flaky pastry. Not as big of an empanada as I'm used to, but the perfect little snack size, or a good way to try out a few flavors. I also got an avocado mini salad which was the perfect accompaniment: fresh produce and light dressing, quite lovely! The strawberry lemonade was deserving of a paragraph of its own. Incredibly awesome, both sweet and tart (perfection!), complete with a couple of strawberry seeds floating around to prove its freshness. The internets need to come up with the drinking version of "nom nom nom."
Fresh? Absolutely! Plentiful? Not so much. While my salad was crisp and the dressing was really tasty, there were a total of six teeny tiny shrimp on top, making the entire meal just a box full of lettuce with half an avocado and two bites of shrimp. The strawberry lemonade made my afternoon, though. A delightful balance of sweet and sour, made with fresh strawberries and just the right amount of lemon and sugar.
I have to say, I love Go-Go empanadas.  They are generally delicious and reasonably priced.  However, the level of service, and general grossness might be too much to bear.  Why 3 stars?  The empanadas are that tasty. Anyhow, while in line behind one of those annoying people that has to sample every salad dressing, I asked the guy making the empanadas if he could start my order before the register guy rings it up.  I'm familiar with how long it can take at Go-Go.  He refused to take my order, since he didn't know how to operate the register.  So he stood by, arms crossed, doing nothing.  Finally, the salad dressing sampler ordered and I was up.  I told the girl my order, and she turned around, and repeated it to lazy empanada guy.  Way to expedite. My other issue is with the woman that appears to be the owner.  Her fingernails are regularly dirty, and I've seen her lick her fingers in between serving food on more than one occasion.  I will say that one of those times she appeared to be serving friends, and the other time, she put gloves on after the lick.  But still gross. I tried a salad for the first time today, and that is what prompted the review.  It was inedible.  The chicken salad on top was delicious, but the lettuce had not been washed and was covered in very coarse sand.  Very unappetizing.  You know what?  I changed my mind.  Two stars.  It is too bad that it is as gross as it is tasty.
Very vegetarian-friendly! I highly recommend the Big Asian Salad which comes with crispy noodles, shredded carrots, edamame and is topped with grilled tofu and a delicious dressing! It's one of my favorite salads. Ever. I particularly like that you can mix and match lots of different options to satisfy any appetite level, from bird (a small salad) to bear (soup, salad, a half dozen empanadas). Everything really is fresh, as the name claims, and made to order. I don't like to deviate beyond my usual salad, but I recommend any of the meatless pies (which are conveniently grouped together on the menu-nice detail). And, if they're making it that day, try the Tomato Basil soup. Drool.
I think I was expecting more after the reviews.... +'s -fresh veggies -perfect portion sizes (for me) -reasonably priced -friendly quick service -'s -bland dressing -greasy empanada (mozzarella, tomato, basil) -hard boiled egg on my salad was begging to be called soft boiled..... I'll definitely give this place another whirl & hope for a little better product. For the price & service I'll swing by again....just don't plan on being a regular.
Came here for lunch during the week. Food: I ordered a tuna salad with a balsamic glaze. It was fresh and delicious! A perfect sized salad if you order any empanadas. I ordered 2 Argentine empanadas, and they were quite true to the real thing. The filling had all the genuine ingredients, and they came out hot and fresh for me (no sitting around all day). The restaurant had plenty of salad and empanada options. There is a selection for every type of eater: meat eaters, vegetarians, and vegans. The parking lot is small, so it may be difficult to get parking. The joint is also small and bare-bones, but its perfectly comfortable. Only complaint: The salads take a little while to make. Other than that, I would highly recommend this place for lunch. I look forward to going there often.
I was on the beach visiting a friend last night and we decided to try something new and get take out at Go-Go. We purchased the following empanadas to sample the different flavors: mozzarella tomato & basil, spinach feta & pine nuts, steak & mushroom, Philly cheesesteak, eggplant parmigiana, nutella & banana and dulce de leche & blackberries. I only tried the veggie ones and the nutella & banana, my friend had the others. I like that the empanadas at Go-Go are more diet friendly than the usual sort due to the fact that they're baked. I didn't like that some were more outer shell than filling, I feel that there should be more in there. I also like the prices and think it's a great place to go and pick up a quick meal. Although these weren't the best empanadas i've ever had because I didn't feel they had enough flavor to them, I would go back to try some of their other selections. Their customer service is quick, efficient and professional & their strawberry lemonade is great!
Wow!  Empanadas here are amazing! I had a classic Argentinian empanadas, really good but, the one I have to recommend everyone to try is the steak and blue cheese empanada.  That was absolutely and amazingly delicious.  Perfect amount of cheese, without overpowering the juicy tender steak.  Best of all, made to order.  Yes, you will have to wait a bit but totally worth it. Two empanadas was enough for me but, if you gave a bigger appetite order more and try another of their options in the menu. They also offer sweet/ dessert empanadas like Dulce de leche, banana with nutela, and more.   If not in the mood for empanadas then you can try one if their soups and  salads, mini or large. Service is excellent, the lady, who I assume is the owner/ manager, greeted each person that walked in and talked to everyone as if they were there every day.
Pros: 1.fresh food, tasty and cheap 2.low cholesterol diet options( salads + soups) 3. Local miami flavor for tourist 4. Excellent empanadas 5. Private parking lot 6. Close to south beach( walking distnce) 7. Friendly and courteous staff
Talk to me about salad and I will make a face like a four year does at the site of broccoli. Now, talk to me about Go-Go and I jump around like a fat kid who just saw their first donut - I love this place! Delicious freshly made salads, warm baked empanadas filled with all sorts of yummy ingredients and yes great coffee to wash it all down with. They have a small amount of parking but when you can to place an order it's always ready and the staff is not one to be affected by long lines or crowds in the store, by this I mean they know how to handle themselves in the best possible way to serve their customers. A SoBe lunch staple, Go-Go Fresh is a great spot for lunch or a snack.
The hours have normalized and they have added a veggieburger to the menu which is damn good, so I give this place the full five stars. Now, about this veggieburger: When the guy behind the counter suggested it to me, I smirked because veggieburgers are for the weak and the anemic, and I fully support the indiscriminate slaughter and excessive consumption of all creatures here on God's green earth. But Go-Go's has yet to disappoint, so I said "What the F? Why not" and ordered one. What I got was a crisp, yet moist, falefel-esque patty, adorned with slices of fresh avocados, pico de gallo, mixed greens and sprouts, all sandwiched between two slices of heated whole grain bread, with a side of cucumber raita. Nice. See you next time veggieburger...
I FINALLY made it to Go-Go's! Deciding was the hardest issue for me here. I finally decided upon a steak and mushroom pocket and a blackberry pocket. The lady at the counter didn't think that would fill me up, so I opted to add on a "small" salad. This was all washed down by their own blend of Strawberry Lemonade. So my first few bites of empanada were heavenly. Buttery, flaky, crispy, chewy, gooey, rich, and yummy!! How can one item have all of these components in one? I dug it. I have to admit though, it disappeared way too quickly. I guess this just means you can try more flavors without getting full. Clever. I am thankful that I was convinced to get a salad even though I really didn't have the stomach for it. I decided upon the Avacado and it was freakin good! Seriously, there was an entire HALF of an avacado on top of field greens, too many red onions, and fresh tomatoes. The tomatoes and avacado were perfectly ripe and actually tasted like the fruit they resembled. I guess thats what happens when you eat produce in Florida. Lucky Floridians!! I topped it all off with the gooey blackberry treat dripping into the paper container. And guess what? I licked that last little drop onto my finger and into my mouth. I guess you could say that I liked it and that I may be back next time I'm in South Beach. If I can make it during their business hours, that is!
Man, there is something about that crust! Best empanadas I've ever had. Fluffy crunchy pastry filled with quality ingredients. Go with the Classic Argentine (owner's homeland) stuffed with beef, peas, and spices. They go for $2.50 a pop and they're about the size of your hand so this place is ideal for the varietal palette. Man! That crust! I also tried the Philly Cheesesteak but if you're perturbed by a cheesesteak that doesn't have Cheez Whiz (like me) then pass. Salads are the second favorite here. If you need that light, fresh meal with the ingredients you never have in your fridge (edamame, hearts of palm) then this is your salad sanctuary... lettuce pray. Prices: cheap! Atmosphere: chill roadside cafe, outdoor seating. Staff: friendly, trained. Patrons: locals, informed, super hotties (who only do take-out). Owner: hip Argentine Man! Crust!
What's good SoBe??!!! Go- Go empanadas!!! Can't believe how much flavor and yumminess is packed in Go-Go's empanadas! Thanks to all the yelp reviews... I found Go-Go to be one of my highlights on my SoBe vacation last month. Tried a few flavors... my favorite... SHRIMP SCAMPI! my suggestion: Order a couple to go and enjoyed it on the beach =] or enjoy right away! If you're in the area... resident or on vacation... make sure to stop by Go-Go to get your empanada fix! No disappointment here! Causal dining. indoor/outdoor seating. Wait wasn't long. Complimentary water. Clean bathroom. Small private parking lot. Customer service was decent... not the friendliest. If I ever head back to SoBe... Go-Go will def be on my hit list!!! I'm a super fan! -Miss Yelp 2010
Oh wow this place is amaaaaaazing! Try everything. My favorite was the chicken pot pie empanada. I am dying for a place like this in Atlanta! Its a perfect to-go food so grab a box of empanadas and hit up the beach!
Having heard vague rumblings about this healthy spot, I was intrigued to see what the buzz was about - especially given their selection of salads. This little rabbit is always on the hunt for the city's best leafy eats. One of my besties (in from out of town) and I cruised in for a light lunch. The stark interior was a surprise. Atmosphere, there ain't. Exposed walls, low tables and metal chairs and a dry erase board menu. Quite the minimalist decor. A bit of additional effort on their part would yield a more comfortable eating experience. The prices were a little steep for several of the salad options, but I was ultimately happy with my small "superfood" selection. I also enjoyed a cup of soup, which I believe was lentil that particular day. As a healthy, easy lunch option, Go-Go has a lot going for it. But it's a tad minimalist for my taste, and slightly underwhelming. I wouldn't go out of my way for a return visit.
Man... I'm so not sharing the Yelp love with this place. Empanadas are just okay and they're overpriced. And I've been here a few times. I keep telling myself to stick to salads and I should have - but I'm always tempted for good empanadas. *smacks himself and tell him to try the salads from now on - gotta do this 50 times* So each empanadas are $2.25, and the desserts empanadas, while smaller, are the same price. The only credit I can give this place is that their empanadas are made for the health-conscious. So that's good. This time I had three: - philly cheesesteak  was OKAY. tasted somewhat American. And probably rightly so. - spinach & mushroom - the spinach was just sauteed spinach and the flavor was sometimes too much. mushrooms were good though. So this, again, was just OKAY. - dulce de leche & blackberries - this was my favorite empanada before and now I'm hesitant to get it again. Reason? I counted the blackberries this time. There were a grand total of TWO blackberries. And I'm paying $2.25 for this? Sorry, but no thanks. While tinier than the other savory empanadas, the dessert or sweet empanadas seem to be the best thing the place has to offer. Again, I reiterate, there's plenty of empanada places out there that gets out even tastier empanadas at better prices. Remember, this is MIAMI. But then again, for South Beach, the offerings are limited, especially for a freshly made empanada. So... nope, I'm still not giving any Yelp love for Go-Go.  I still have to come back to try out the salad.
First reaction is, all right, so this is just another salad place on the beach. Whatevs. As your eyes scan the menu behind the counter left-to-right you immediately do a double-take at the last couple of panels. And the sign says... "Pies"? That's a lot of pies.. no wait.. not pies... those are a zillion types of empanadas! I'm a picky-eater, but it was definitely not difficult to choose a few empanadas. All the ones we ate were fantastic and impossible to choose a favorite. Steak and Chimichurri empanada = awesome Mozzarella and tomato empanada = omg, give me more Nutella and banana = I'm not a nutella fan, but my boyfriend made it disappear before I realized it was there. This is a great place to go to when you think you should just be healthy and eat a salad for dinner... because you can always cheat and have a scrumptious empanada on the side. :)
I love Go-Go pies!  The menu is great with various fillings to choose from.  My favorite would have to be the steak & mushroom.  They are always fresh, made to order.  The one thing to be careful of is eating too many of them... they go quickly! The salads are good too although I can never come of this restaurant without ordering at least 2 or 3 pies, no matter what. If they offered delivery service I would give 5 stars instead of 4.
Shrimp Scampi and Spinach with feta cheese and pine nuts are my favorite!!!  I always get these two pies along with the grilled tofu Asian salad. They have tomato, mozzarella with basil, eggplant Parmesan, steak and mushroom, and more creative concoctions served "empanada" style that are so very yummmmmmy! Always have a fresh and healthy daily soup. The dessert empanada's  like nutella and banana melt in your mouth...  Yep, nutella and banana!!! I cannot describe how fresh the salad bar is.  One of the FRESHEST in South Beach.  You can mix and combine to your liking or choose one of the many ideas of salads they suggest.  Whichever you choose you cant go wrong. The staff is always friendly and greet you by your name.  I love Go-Go Fresh Food and try making it here at least once a week!!!!
You know what, I need to go to Go-Go more often. SO much more often, that I need to become the Duchess. That's my new goal. AMAZING salads, get one off of the menu, or have them make your own creation. The mini salads are usually enough for me, but I've also gone for the big salad, because MORE YUM. Things you MUST try: the carrot ginger dressing. It's made fresh every day. And it's so freaking delicious I don't even have words. Also, the strawberry lemonade. Ahh, I wish I had some right now. And the prices. GO-GO is AFFORDABLE!!! You cannot do better for fresh great food in South Beach. Seriously. Mark my words, I'll be the duchess soon....
I really liked this spot! It's so good, and not the typical flavors you expect from empanadas. I was taken here by some co-workers who swore by it. They are a bit more health conscious, ok, a lot more than I am - and ordered their salads, which looked really fresh. I on the otherhand, totally over ordered on empanadas. I chose the blue cheese beef and tomato, the spicy peanut chicken, the philly cheesesteak, and a classic. They were all so delicious. Spicy chicken was my favorite though. On my 2nd visit, I ordered the dulce de leche & blackberry dessert empanada - amazing!
I just discovered this place on yelp, a hidden gem tucked away with a small sign  you can easily miss.  They specialize in cook to order empanadas and made to order unique salads. Some of their ingredients are organic but most of the the vegetables and fruits they use are conventional but are of  high quality with rich color and texture. I tried the fajita and  spanish feta empanada, I also ordered an asian salad with an in house made raspberry lemonade. Being the empanadas were cooked to order  they both  just melted perfectly  in my mouth with the rich flavors. The asian salad was super, the dressing along with the tangerine slices made it have  unique tangy  taste. I am definitely going to become a regular this place. especially since it is walking distance from WholePayCheck(WholeFoods).
Loved the empanadas! I admit, like some other Yelpers, $2 is a bit steep for an empanada. But HELLO!?! We are on South Beach, so paying out the wazoo is to be expected. Come eat on La Playa and know this tidbit beforehand and you will find that Go-Go Fresh Food Cafe actually offers bargain food. I won't get too detailed about the empanadas that bf and I shared (chicken fajita, classic Argentine, spicy Thai peanut chicken, Philly cheesesteak, meatball & provolone, and guava w/ cream cheese), but I will say that they were all absolutely wonderful. The empanadas are made very well (crispy shell without grease overload--a difficult feat to achieve indeed) and the fillings are fresh and creative. We took our empanadas outside and enjoyed the seabreeze that came over the buildings (no view of the Atlantic and the restaurant isn't quite walking distance from all the lively activities going on around the Lincoln Road area). If you are looking for decent-priced food in South Beach and are willing to escape the madness of good-looking bikini- and Speedo-clad people for a meal (maybe you are actually seeking this), come here. You will fall in love with the empanadas.
I finally tried Go-Go!  I had the most difficult time deciding which go-go pies to choose, so I ended up with 6 of them.  My favorites were the Argentine, the chicken pot pie, and the Thai chicken.   I can't wait to go back to try the salads. Go Go = yum yum
This place came highly recommended by a friend who lives in the area. Stopped in for lunch today, the restaurant was busy, which is always a good sign. Menu items revolve around a large selection of salads (available in two sizes, mini & large) as well as empanadas. I ordered a mini shrimp salad ($6.15) and a classic argentine beef empanada ($2.50). The salad consisted of fresh steamed garlic shrimp, hearts of palm & green peas over a bed of mixed greens with a lime cilantro dressing. The shrimp were not your average size, large and plump steamed in a very good garlic sauce. All salad fixings were super fresh and the dressing was too die for. The empanada was also very very good, baked not fried, light fluffy pastry & delicious stuffing of ground beef, tomato & hard boiled egg. If you are looking for a healthily, light lunch, check out Go-Go Fresh Food Cafe, you wouldn't regret it!
They specialize in Fresh Food. Perfect place to relax, grab lunch sitting by their outside patio, waiting for your empanadas and fresh strawberry-lemonade come to you. Their empanadas are smaller than a traditional empanada, but they're delicious and packed full of flavor and variety. If I go there hungry, I quench my hunger with 4 empanadas; The Thai Peanut Chicken, Steak Chimichurri, Shrimp Scampi and the Classic Argentine Beef go-go pie. If you're a student at Miami Ad School, you must GO-Just cross the street! Menu: gogomiamibeach.com
Go-Go Fresh has definitely earned a fifth star. I have been back a few times, and they are always consistently clean, friendly and the food is always great. I have now tried their veggie burger - which is the BEST veggie burger I have ever eaten. Also, their soups are always amazing - the chicken w/brown rice is my favourite. All of the go-go pies are great, and they are always extremely well-prepared. No, they aren't like the normally greasy, food comatose sort of empanadas that you might get somewhere else - but they are DELICIOUS, healthier options. With that in mind, you will love them. Great job, Go-Go!!
New favorite lunch spot on the beach... Parking is a mess but that is the city of Miami Beach's bad..... Not Go-Go's!
Never thought I'd say this but once you get away from the Ocean Drive tourist traps SOBE has some great food places.   This one in particular, has the very BEST empanadas I ever had!  You seriously have to try these empanadas if ever you can find any parking :-).
Go Go is Yum Yum ! ! 5 stars - As good as it gets - For such a great price!! Thank Yelps for the tips! This was the perfect spot for a last minute lunch with friends, just before they headed out of town today.   The mini salad is genius! (and fresh) It's great to have that option for a midday lighter meal. And ohhh - the Go Go Pies - well, where do I start... The not-to-be-missed savory pies: The steak chimichurri The Argentine The Thai peanut chicken The not-to-be-missed dessert pies: Nutella & banana Dulce de leche & Blackberry My friends even took some to-go for the flight back to ATL and the owner bet them they would eat them before they made it home. It was the nutella and bananas, so my bet's on the Nutella.
***Best salads and empanadas/go-go pies in SoBe! Convenient location (next to a laudromat)!*** I used to do my laundry at this 24 hour laundromat right next to this little restaurant, so I'd go all the time. EXCELLENT SALADS! Very healthy AND tasty! The people who work there are smiley and friendly, and I absolutely love their go-go pies, too (they're like little empanadas). The Avocado Mini Salad is great, and the Superfood Salad is INSANE good (with spinach, tomatoes, edamame, raisins, chickpeas, quinoa, and it doesn't come with avocado, but I'd always ask for avocado -- see the picture I uploaded). Their eggplant go-go pies are great and the tomato/basil go-go pies are my favorite. The always have a variety of fresh iced teas, and they also sell Orangina (!). The soups vary per day, so it's always good to call to know what they're serving (the mushroom barley is superb!).
Empanadas empanadas empanadas! This is the place to go! My mouth is watering rt now! Kale Salad ( Vitamin K) veggie soups are out of this world!
Good food, good price! Today, for the first time, had the BLT Mini Salad and a Chimichurri Steak Empanada. I was full and extreeeemly satisfied with the amount and price.
So first off, food was amazing. Like we ordered several different times just so we could try other things. We had almost every kind of go go empanadas, which are light and crispy and melt in your mouth. The ingredients are so fresh and bright you can't help but appreciate it's handcrafted beauty. Even the salads have their own sexy zing. So why only 4 stars? Well the workers didn't seem to be as happy as I was with the food. Come on guys, smile and trust me, you'll have people eating out of your hands. Literally;)
This place is around the corner and I never saw it because like Esther G said, it's right next to a giant laundromat that dominates the plaza. Once inside the decor is a mix of the Fresh market and Austin Powers swinging 60's pad. Vey friendly with both comforatable table seating and counter seating. The ingrediants for all the salads, empanadas, pies and everything else is plainly displayed under glass so you can tell it is fresh. The service is fast and friendly even with take out they checked my bag twice to make sure I had everything I needed fror my Chicken Cranberry Salad which was very good. Almost too fresh ...lol I also took a picture of the menu with my Iphone and one of the owners asked why, I mentioned YELP and what it was and she was welcome to the idea. KUDOS for not being afraid of an honest review. This place could make doing laundry a lot more bearable for sure.
I had the superfoods salad, which was really, just refreshing, tasty and delicious and oh so healthy.  Everything I like in a salad and more.  And bonus points for the little scoop of warm quinoa that they put on top of the salad.   So, I came here expecting deep fried empanadas, ready to take a hit for the team.  I was just ABSOLUTELY DELIGHTED when I found out those little suckers were baked!  Extra e-props to you, go go's.  The nutella one was just perfection. AND the owner was so friendly.  I came with a huge group of asian girls (like we were on a field trip) and we basically took over her shop.  She found out we were visiting and went around asking all her customers to give us recommendations on miami nightlife.  As I was leaving, she gave me her business card and told us to call if we got lost!
I have practically stopped cooking because of this place. It I always so fresh.  The service is great here and they do something so simple and easy and make it jast that simple and easy for you to hop in have a healthy lunch and get back on with your day. Not only do they know me by name now.  but I have graduated to creating my own salad combo's  my personal fave right now is the Protein salad, no onions add blue cheese dressing.   don't forget to try the lemonade, they must be putting something illegal in this because I can not help but keep wanting more.
Best hidden paradise for healthy food!
I have been eating at restaurants all around this place for ages and somehow managed to JUST notice this place and check it out.  What a great, homey little place!  Everyone who works there seems to have a personal investment in the success of the place and is really nice... hard to find sometimes in Miami. I walked in intending to be 100% good and order just a soup and salad, but somehow I wound up splitting 4 empanadas with someone... and then having a Strawberry Lemonade.  The most memorable empanadas were definitely the meatball and the eggplant one; the others (argentinean, steak chimichurri) were good (fresh, etc) but I felt a little empty/bland.  The lemonade was AWESOME... the perfect amount of tartness and sweetness.  Delicious. The best part about this place is the people, the freshness, and the flexibility... you can stop in and have one empanada or sit down for a prolonged, filling meal. Next time, though, I may have to try the salads...
Bare-bones establishment that is insanely busy, and rightfully so. This place is right around the corner from a CrossFit gym, so it's full of crazy 250 lb muscle men who order salads and perhaps an empanada and say they're so full. I think 2 empanadas is the appropriate amount for a meal with a small salad.  We shared a bunch- listed in order from best to worst amongst the ones we tried: Nutella Banana (because nutella things should always be listed first) Classic Argentine Meatball and Provolone Spicy Thai Peanut BBQ Beef Salad here was fantastic- Superfood with the carrot-ginger dressing. I'd eat here all the time if I lived nearby.
This place is a hidden gem.  I ate with a friend, and he enjoyed the meat-based offerings, while I enjoyed the veggie fare.  Both of us would definitely go back.  The selection of empanadas was wonderful, with flavors ranging from savory to the oh-so-sweet Nutella banana (yum)!!
I was never a real fan of empanadas. Maybe because all the empanadas I had prior to this never tasted good. So I was rather skeptical about this place. Go-Go can be easily missed if you're not looking for it. Located in the corner of a tiny plaza, the restaurant has a small private parking lot. The restaurant itself is simple and clean, with salad menu on one board and empanadas menu directly over the cash register. I ordered the shrimp scampi empanadas for $2.50 each. I have never tasted such YUMMY empanada! The shell was flakey and light. It kind of reminds me of the shell of a well baked chicken pot pie. There were 3 medium size shrimp in the center. The ingredients were fresh, not greasy/oily and fried. This was the most delicious and healthiest empanada my taste buds has ever tasted! (If there is such a thing as delicious and healthy empanada) Because of Go-Go, I am an empanada believer again. Only problem now is I would have to fly to Miami to eat good empanadas!
I got the Spicy Thai Chicken Empanada per all the yelp reviews. This place does make incredibly good empanadas. The walk here from Collins and 17th wasn't too bad, but when it is windy and raining it made the walk less pleasing. I almost decided to turn back but glad I didn't. Definitely worth it to check it out.
I discovered this place as it's next door to a giant laundromat. Because of it's location I might never have made a point to go there, but now I have something to look forward to when I finally get around to a month's worth of clothes. I'm addicted to the mini-superfood salad. Spinach, quinoa, broccoli, tomatoes, edamame, chick peas, toasted pumpkin seeds and carrot ginger dressing. It sounds like a random list of ingredients but it is so delicious and packs a huge nutritional punch. Heirloom grains like quinoa are so good for you and the protein from the edamame and the chick peas means you won't be hungy in an hour. Reading the other reviews here, I should probably branch out and try some of the empanadas. Laundry day, here I come!
Go-gos is my golden measure for empanada goodness. They're clean, fresh, hot, delicious. In one word, amazing. The large salads are epic, the smaller ones more of a hearty novella. I favor the cranberry chicken mini, which features a good scoop of their homemade chicken salad (not mayo-based, goodness-based), and mandarin oranges and some tasty dressing that pulls it all together. There are so many delicious choices in Go Go pies, it's too hard to make a decision. Tomato mozzarella and basil is one of my standards. The steak and blue cheese is a close runner up. And for dessert, the guava cream cheese or dulce de leche make a great end to a great meal. Try the fresh unsweetened melon green iced tea or the fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade to facilitate your mastication. They have free wireless, tasty daily soups and a friendly staff. And there's a laundromat next door. What's not to love?
I absolutely love their empanadas! So fresh and oh so good! You must order at least three. I will be coming back before my plane ride home.
If you live on South Beach, you must stop in here and try their food. I had the mushroom and asparagus soup with their fresh strawberry and lemonade drink. The soup was so tasty and the drink was amazingly refreshing. My husband got the meatball empenada, which they bake...not fry. It was our first visit, so we just tried a few small things...next time we will go there for full lunches. Delicious, clean, friendly. Indoor and outdoor seating. Great prices!
Food = Delicious Customer Service = :/ I love coming here or ordering for lunch because the empanadas and salads are so good. Where else can you get a Spicy Thai Chicken or Chicken Pot Pie empanada? I thought so. I have recommended this place to a ton of people because it's pretty inexpensive by South Beach standards and actually has its own parking lot (well... like 4 spaces). I am a strong proponent that you shouldn't have to pay to park. Ever. The fact that you can get amazing and unique food and not have to worry about your meter expiring is great. My only negative is the way the owner (I'm 99% sure she's the owner) talks to people. I have called to place a big order for my office on more than one occasion and she sounds like an exasperated teenager who is annoyed with everyone. ("Hi I am calling to add two items to my order, my name is..." "Yeah, Arlene, I know. What do you want?" "Um I need to add a mini salad and an empanada..." "*sigh* is that it? Are you done? Is this going to be the last time you call?" "I'm only calling to add two items." "*sigh* Well we are busy so bye." - No lie, I have had this conversation with her.) and NO I do not call and give a confusing order. I literally make a tally sheet of everything I am ordering so as to not confuse the person on the other end. I know they are busy and don't want to take up their time. I am not stupid. I have seen her talk to the people in the restaurant the same way and it bothers me because you should NEVER talk way to your customers, especially if they are spending over $100 on your food. The only time I've seen someone with a worse attitude was at Jaxon's in Dania, but that's for another review. As delicious as the food is, her attitude leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
OMG this little place is awesome! They have so many different varieties of empanadas. The staff is also super friendly and attentive. Their sweet potato fries are sooo yummy. Great little spot to stop @ on the way home from a long day @ the beach.
Empanadas are good, but a little pricey :( I'm sure I spent about $40 here on lunch and to-go in a couple days. The Argentine was probably my favorite one and I really wanted to take the Chicken pot pie home, but the owner Linda(?) suggested that it wouldn't be safe because of the chicken and the milk in it would go bad. I appreciated that she would not let me purchase it just to make money off me. Super nice of her! The Blackberry dulce de leche though. Man oh man, sweet, but definitely must get that one for dessert. Yummo!
Thanks to Yelp, this was a good find.   It was a pleasant 25 minute walk from Ocean Drive and we stopped by on a Sunday for lunch. Everything was great! We had corn and chicken soup, very flavorful. The empanadas are excellent and made fresh. We tried a few of them: Thai Peanut BBQ Beef Classic Argentine Spinach & Feta We tried two dessert empanadas also, Guava & Cream cheese and Dulce de Leche with Blackberry. Lemonade and Ice Teas were good also. Salads looked good. Wish we had more time. We spent about $30.00 for the 3 of us. Definitely worth a  walk!!
This is the perfect place to catch a quick healthy lunch on Miami Beach. They offer a variety of salads, soups, and empanadas. I got to try a couple of their empanadas and I thought they were great. I sampled the ham and cheese, mozzarella, tomato & basil, chicken fajita, and the nutella and bananas. I think the mozzarella, tomato & basil, and chicken fajita were the best. I was disappointed with the nutella and bananas empanada, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. I also tried the mushroom and chicken soup. The soup was overwhelmed with mushrooms and hardly had any chicken. I enjoyed the soup even though I wish they would have added more chicken. I definitely plan on going back to Go-Go Fresh sometime soon to try some of their salads.
I should probably take half a star off for the seating situation, but other than that.... The salads are so big, unusual and fantastic.   Their empanadas are truly the best I have ever had.   They have such a great variety -- from egg whites to Philly cheesesteaks.   Even the melon tea is freshly brewed and a perfect compliment to their food.   So whether on the way to the beach - or heading home, perfect easy meal.   And you can always call ahead for pick-up.     Don't get how this place hasn't been franchised yet!
This is our GOGo-to place while visiting. My wife gets the salad, and I get the chimichurri empanadas with some Nutella/Banana for dessert. For $20, it's a great deal. I also wish the inside was more warm and inviting, bc empanadas to go defeats the purpose of eating them hot.
I had mixed reviews and feelings about this place. The GF and I went last night and we were excited to try a fresh and healthy restaurant in the area. Now, dinner could have been the wrong choice. For me dinner over lunch sets certain expectations. So no one to blame but me. The place and staff had a "cafe on campus" vibe. Everything was pretty simple, served in paper bowls and plastic cups and priced reasonably. With that said we ordered two salads and split a soup. She ordered the Superfood Salad with carrot ginger dressing which was zesty and flavorful. I had the Greek Salad that included the typical ingredients but with Pimento Olives and a rather bland mostly oil dressing. The soup we tried was a Potato, Kale, and Broccoli which did have a great taste and didn't feel heavy or too creamy. They claimed it was Vegan too which was nice. I know to get a true sense of this place I should have tried the empanadas but I don't think I would have found them Vegan. Maybe if I fall back a notch to Vegetarian I'll give them a try ;) For now I'll keep GO GO around as a very casual place for soup and salads.
Yes it's true -- GoGo RULES !!! I used to have a place just 3 blocks from this yumminess and simply could not stay away and, even now as just a visitor to South Beach, i still worship (....WORship) these FIERCE empanadas!! Really -- they are absolutely divine, and GoGo salads are made-to-order-phenomenal as well. Please note that this is not a "dining" establishment -- but rather a storefront (in a little strip mall next to a laundry mat) where you can eat-in or take out.  It's kept meticulously clean, the service is always fast and friendly, and their empanadas are the freshest and most inventive you'll find.  Oh my, sooooo so so good -- GoGo rules !!!
LOVE this place! Fresh, healthy food that actually tastes good. Super-foods salad + dulce de leche/blackberry empanada + freshly squeezed strawberry lemonade + friendly staff = perfectly satisfying lunch. Only complaint is how busy it was last time I went - had to wait for seating and then enjoy lunch with a million people too close to our table while ordering their salads! Happy to see them busy but I loved it more when it was a hidden little gem that no one knew about yet! :)
I love this place. The only reason I give it a 4 is because I think the empanadas are overpriced ($2.50 each). You need at least 5, which means that this should be a $$ restaurant (rather than $). Been coming here for years, and will continue to come! The salads are also very good.
Pretty damn good empanadas.  $2.50/ea. I would have to eat 3-5 for a good meal.  That would be about $10 meal.  Could be pricey depending on how hungry you are. We tried the following.  Our two favs are noted with !  Although they were all pretty good Philly cheesesteak ! Chicken fajita Ham + cheese ! Mozzarella, tomatoe, basil Classic argentine ! Shrimp scampi Spicy Thai Peanut
My co-workers introduced me to Go Go a few months ago, and it is legit what dreams are made of. We can never get out there too often, since it's a hot minute away from where we work, but when we do... IT. IS. ON. I usually order the following empanadas: beef chimichurri, meatball & provolone, spicy thai peanut chicken and guava & cheese. Today, I tried the beef & mushroom one and the nutella and banana one and those were both amazing as well. There is seriously nothing you can order here and go wrong. One of my co-workers ordered a salad today, and I was salivating over that too! The only downside is the parking. Only about 4 spots available and we got blocked in today, so.. no bueno. There's usually metered parking on Alton, because Go Go is a place that cannot be missed. Each empanada is about $2.50 and the salads are reasonably priced at $5-7. Seriously, what are you waiting for?
The fat kid in me wanted to order at least 5 pies plus a mini salad, but I had to be considerate of a nearing dinner. I ended up only ordering two: -Mozzarella, tomato and basil- Good. It's really the flaky crusts that makes these empanada/pies delicious. The filling was a little bit on the salty side, and the cheese looked more like white nacho cheese. I still enjoyed the cheesiness (how can you not love cheese?!), especially with the basil, but I think I would have preferred it with the firmer mozzarella cheese I'm used to -Dulce de leche and blackberry- I was wrong to think this would be a typical smashed fruit filling. I liked that it was dulce de leche WITH whole blackberries. Not too syrupy and a good complement to the delicious crush. My meat-lover friend had the: steak and chimichurri- said the inside was fine, not great chicken pot pie- interesting spinach and mushroom- considered it the best one (which surprised me because I found the inside to be a bit bland, but I only had a spinach only bite). We both agreed that the crust was the best part. Loved the concept! If you don't have to worry about being rude to your dinner, order at least 4.
I love Go-Go! This was a mandatory weekly stop for me when I lived in Miami Beach. The salads are awesome, the soups are fresh, light, and delicious, and so are the empanadas - they are also the perfect size for you to have a treat with your healthy soup and salad! Also, the woman who runs Go-Go is extremely friendly and always provides great service and a good laugh. I really love this spot!
I really love their empanadas. It's a great alternative to the usual fried, greasy empanadas and their varieties appeal to both meat and vegetarian lovers. My favorites are the Spinach & Feta and Chicken Fajita. Also love their soups - fresh, tasty and very filling. Soups and salads are very reasonably priced, especially for SoBe.
Not quite the prime location, but 3 empanadas, 2 salads and a drink for $20?! That's awesome! The food tastes delicious and fresh.. Got the avocado mini and the cranberry chiken mini.. But don't be deceived by the name, the portions are great! Empanadas: argentine, BBQ chicken, and chimichurri PLUS the dulce de leche with blackberries and guava with cream cheese (my fave!)ones for dessert :D Oh and u gotta try the melon green tea, it's unsweetened but SO GOOD!!
This is the perfect place to hit right after you have spent the day frolicking  in the wonderful South Florida beaches!!! They have an array of amazingly creative empanadas- bananas and nutella anyone- and they are all cooked to order!!! The first time I was there it took me a good 10 minutes going back and forth trying to figure out which ones to order until I finally settled on 4- and yes, that was just for me. For savory, my top two favorites are the argentine,  and the meatball and provolone. I've tried the chicken barbeque which is also great- the chicken isn't masked by the bbq, rather it's enhanced by it. For sweet, I must say the guava and cheese is dear to my heart, but that can also be attributed to my Cuban background and our affinity for both guava and cheese! I've also had their salads and these are made to order with fresh ingredients. Their salad combinations are creative and are very figure friendly. You can get two different size salads which is nice if you'd like to have an empanada and a salad. My personal favorite is the cranberry chicken mini. Every time I've come here I leave satisfied knowing I had a good, inexpensive meal that didn't come loaded with a side of guilt!!!
Probably the best empanada place I've tried! the service was so friend, she knew we were out of towners from California. I guess californians read yelp, and good thing too because this place is a great dive place. She was so friendly, we also met a celebrity here too, or not really he used to be a famous kick boxer, and he talked to us. ok so the food, FRESH, they bake it fresh. Meat was good, so hot. The mini shrimp salad was good too. Shrimp was fresh and the hearts of palm was really good. we wanted to come back but it's out of the way from the main south beach area. it's on the other side.
It is now called plainly... Go Go. Check out my review on Go Go. It is a Go btw. Thumbs up except for the Soup Nazi.
This was a good find.  Leaving the resort area for a good walk in the area led us to this restaurant.  The yelp reviews help lead us here. Had an asian big salad, pretty good and flavorful. Then the empanadas, fresh and good.  Tried 3 of them: moz tomato basil emp steak mush emp pot roast mush I've have to say that all were very good.  Hats off to the mozzarella tomato basil one.
I am so in love with this place!  Its a great stop when you have spent the morning or planning to spend your afternoon on the beach; the day just wouldnt be complete!  But I have found myself craving it so much that I have driven 20 min on my lunch break just to get my hands on the awesome empanadas!  Havent tried the salads, mostly because I am not so much of  salad person, but I hear they are awesome. However, I just cant tear myself away from the empanadas and the strawberry lemonade.  Below are any of the ones I divulge in because they are staples of the menu.  But make sure you check out the specials!  They are usually so fun and allow you to be adventurous! I usually eat 2-3 savory empanadas + 1 dessert empanada and I am more than full. steak chimichurri steal and mushroom spicy thai peanut chicken mozerella tomato and basil nutella and banana strawberry lemonade
Jeez I can't believe I forgot about this place. My bf and i were getting bored of eating in and decided to wander the streets looking for a healthy, vegetarian friendly, casual place to grab some dinner on a Monday night- Most of my bookmarks were closed due to the slow summer season.... He took the wheel while i searched and searched my yelp recommendations, reading reviews and tips by my fellow yelpers. Stopping every minute to recover from my nausea(reading and driving don't mix well). Finally i stumbled on GO-GO, i have been here before for an empanada or two but its been a couple years since my last encounter. Healthy?check. Vegetarian? check. Open? check. No need to look for a meter, Go Go is located in a small shopping center with ample complimentary parking. I was starving- i ordered the egg mini salad, a bowl of vegan tomato soup and an eggplant Parmesan empanada. My partner in crime ordered the garden mini add two eggs, a spinach and egg white empanada and a nutella banana empanada. It was under 30$ for both with drinks. My salad did not feel mini what so ever, my romaine was fresh and crispy, everything looked so pretty. I did think the garden mini was prettier, lots of colors from the green leafs, carrots, fresh corn and tomato with a side of balsamic dressing. Both were yummy and filling. I ordered with my eyes and opted for the bowl (vs the cup) of vegan roasted tomato soup- it was huge..and i barley had half..it was delicious had fresh herbs of parsley, mint and cilantro i love fresh herbs so i enjoyed it but if your picky and don't like the aromas of these herbs you may not like it. Our empanadas as usual are made to order- so we waited 5 minutes or so for them- they arrived pipping hot. My eggplant parmesan tasted like a meat ball sub which i liked because once in a while i crave the taste of meat and this satisfies my craving without having to sacrifice another life ;) the spinach empanada was good as well i heard and they were nice enough at the counter to bring the nutella bananna empanada after we finished our entrees. It too came very hot, and i heard...it was delicious and i think it was because it smelled like a fresh baked apple pie.
Great salads, above-average empanadas and good healthy options. A great choice if you're in the area and a fantastic choice for the health conscious who are getting tired of shelling out $14 on reheated Whole Foods stuff. Go-Go really shines when you compare it to the other salad options in the area. Giardino's is about equal in quality but can be a little boring and tends to drop the ball on larger salads by adding way too much lettuce. Go-Go takes special care to have a good lettuce to protein/toppings ratio. They also have a notably excellent selection of salad templates for you to mess with. The Superfood salad is great but I think I prefer their Chicken Caesar, despite how boring the source material is. Proteins are very savory, ingredients are of good quality and everything is generally very satisfying. Their savory empanadas or "pies" are nothing to write home about, but they do offer a killer Nutellla/Banana empanada worth running a little more on the treadmill for. Also lots of props to Go-Go for always having a delicious variant of unsweetened tea available.
When it's 1:30 in the afternoon and I'm craving a fast, delicious, and kind to my waist-line lunch, I wanna go go to Go-Go's.   I love they're avocado mini salad--add some chicken and feta, and all my past inhibitions of eating salad are diminished. Empanadas make for a perfect meal in itself or a nice accompaniment to a salad. I love the tomato and mozzarella, and the Philly cheese steak empanadas, but the nutella and banana holds the key to my heart. With fair prices, friendly service, and an al fresco dining option I can pretty much happily eat Go Go's everyday for the rest of my life.
Best place for empanadas!! Just a short walk from all the commotion in SoBe, this little place has one of the best empanadas I've had!. They have a great selection of mini salads and "big salads" as well as many different topping choices for the heavenly pastries. The décor is simplistic, nothing fancy, but they do have outdoor seating which I love. The empanadas are $2.50 and they are decent size. My favorites are Argentinian, Steak and mushrooms, Mozzarella tomato and basil and YOU HAVE TO TRY the dulce de leche and blackberries! The soups are amazing too, my bf had the chicken and barley and I opted for the roasted butternut squash. Try their melon green tea...it's extremely refreshing and just plain yummy. Their service is very welcoming...overall great little establishment where you can find healthy delicious food!
Good place that's out of the way to get some quick, easy, tasty "finger-foods" such as empanadas. A good selection for meat and veggie lovers alike. There's soup for those with an inner chill. Indoor and outdoor seating is available. TIP: Don't go crazy and get lots of empanadas thinking you'll eat them all. Yes, they're small, but the pockets are the contents are filling. If you do have room, try the Nutella empanada.
Great spot in SoBe. Food is inexpensive and the sevice is good. Highly recommended.
This place is hard to notice from the road as it sits far back in a tiny shopping center and is surrounded by abandoned buildings, but once you find it--it's worth the hassle! Their pies are like finding the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, once you've hunted down the place. I haven't tried the soup or salads, but their pies are delicious! Plan on eating a few or more!
Great salads, great empanadas, fast service.  Good place for takeout or quick lunch with coworkers.  Not quite nice enough for a lunch with friends (only because of atmosphere and quick table turnover...not because of food). I'm not giving you 5 stars because ordering today was a little chaotic.  I couldn't figure out your system and the employee who I asked for help had headphones it at the serving counter...a bit lame. Will go back for sure.
OK I have been here twice and I do like what you get for the price you pay. The empanadas are all $2.25 a piece and they are not very big but have good flavor to them. I have tried the chocolate and banana and the Thai ones and enjoyed both of them. Warning! I had gone there by myself and did not check myself in the mirror and had a chocolate drip running down my face and had no idea about and was out running errands. Embarrassing. The chocolate is thin and gushes out. So take plenty of napkins if you are taking it to go and make sure you check yourself in the mirror. I do want to go back and try their salads because their salad bar looks delicious.
