Joe's was sent to me from Heaven! This place is outstanding. I have loved everything I have ever had there. Items include the Caprese salad, Fried Calamari with their signature dipping sauce, Fried Oysters, their Crab Cake Sandwich and of course the ever so delicious Lobster Roll. The staff is friendly, the service is good, and the food comes out quick. Go and splurge on some high priced take out. The quality matches the price tag! Be careful seating is tight. I recommend ordering and bringing the food down to South Point Park to eat and sit on the water. Your date will be impressed!
redic! Joe's Take Away is perfect in every way. so the plan was for a special bday dinner on a Friday night. Joe's does not take reservation. we arrived at 8:30pm (yes, I was dying by then...i eat with old people at 5pm). anyways, place was packed, bar was full, line to add name to list was about 7-mins long. then the wait for table....2hrs! we were projected to eat at 10:30pm. all you have to do is mosey on over next door to the Take Away and have yourself an awesome meal without the stuffy ambiance, without the wait, and i'm sure without the bigger bill. I have never been to Joe's, so cannot testify to their service which i'm sure is great or the food. this place is a SoBe staple and I'm ashamed to have ignored it for so long. here's what we TOOK AWAY. seafood bisque $8.25 -out of control. grouper and crab. you can't go wrong. friend had lobster bisque and also delicious. 16oz cup and hubby and I shared. stone crabs$23 (8 claws) -duh. fresh. cold. yum-o. jumbo crab cakes ($23)  -best dang cakes i've had in Miami. huge! filling. my fav. total bill was $75. friend had the fried chicken and sweet potatoes and both good. you sit where you like. ambiance is chill. couldn't have dessert b/c it was closing time when we finished but pastries looked delectable and I was eyeballing them while I was eating. bottom line...i loved everything about this place and we plan to go back. there are many more items on the menu that I want to devour.
I so wanted to avoid this place as I thought it would be a tourist trap with long waits but I gave in when we decided to do the take out with no wait. 1st off I was so terribly wrong, the staff was professional and the quality of seafood excellent across the board. The stone crabs (in season) were, quite frankly, a revelation for me. I generally hate to work on shells and bones in my food but these were delicious and nicely cracked for easy access. The lobster roll was flavorful on a nice slightly grilled bun. Conch fritters were excellent with nice chunks of conch inside. Note: the take out portion of the restaurant is efficiently run and quick. Also, you have a good selection of wines (many half bottles) to select from to go with your take out. Very nicely thought out.
Loud and expensive .  Much like eating at the deli counter at Publix. Except crowded and noisy.  If you got time and someone else is buying its a casual atmosphere for those who don't have the time or desire to eat at the iconic restaurant next door.
I know my crabs and this place beats them all! I came to Miami with my boyfriend and my Lonely Planet (which most of the times is more useful than him). ;) The guide book told us to try Joe's Stone Crab Restaurant which was closed, so we gave a change to the TAKE AWAY. The place is nice and the crabs are all laid out for you to choose, different sizes, hot or cold,... We got a half order (because they are kind of pricey) of the small-medium claws grilled. We also tried the crabcakes (which were phenomenal). The Key Lime Pie was good, although we odn't like Lime that much. And we finished it, so for someone that loves lime it will be AWE...(wait for it) SOME. Don't miss the opportunity to visit Joe's if you are around. I would say even more...fly to Miami to try Joe's.
It takes a couple of minutes to work out but basically, this an OTC service of high quality seafood food with a central island-bar to sit, people-watch and tuck in to your take away. Complement the excellent food with champagne or white/red wines (buy the bottle e.g. the William Hill cab is very good). Also I recommend the crab/lobster special - enough for 2 people so at $33 its a good price.
I think my first mistake was not ordered the crab.  Who comes here and never orders the crab?!?  Well, this guy.  I saw how relatively small the crabs were, and had remembered things about how good other things were, so I decided to go a different direction. Between two people, we had the crab cake sandwich, lobster roll, a side of fries, and a key lime pie.  The crab cake sandwich was excellent, but nowadays, it takes quite a bit for me to stand up and get excited about crab cakes.  It's got to be absolutely stunning, and this was just OK.  I liked the lobster roll, which was served on a toasted challah (sp?) roll, and enjoyed the tanginess of the lobster.  The fries were good - thick cut fries that were a little crispy, which I love.  Saved the key lime pie for last, which was a good thing - allowed the pie to soften up a bit, and that too, was delicious.   Unfortunately, I think I suffered a bit from the "Yelp-syndrome".  What is that?  I'm glad you asked.  Yelp-syndrome is what you get when you look at too many reviews, either good or bad, and you get sucked into the excitement.  OMG, this place is sooooo awesome!  Was Joe's awesome?  Yeah, it was, but it definitely didn't deserve 5 o's before the awesome.
I felt like I was back in NY eating take-out in a Deli.  Loved the open feeling, high tin tiled ceilings. Now on to the food.....wanted to try everything but trying to lose these holiday pounds. Ordered the cold seafood platter (3 raw oysters, 3 extra large shrimp, 3 medium stone crabs and half a lobster tail). Shared this with my husband. Next time I'm getting my own! Very fresh and delicious. We also ordered half a fried chicken. It had a nice crunchy crust but needed a little more seasoning. Seafood bisque was a hit. They were giving out champagne and chocolate cake samples. Tiny but yummy.  They even have a bowl of doggie treats for those dining with their four-legged friends. Looking forward to going back for breakfast. The menu looked gooood!!
The prices are a little too high for the stone crabs, especially when comparing to what I can get at Coral Gables Farmer's Market ($10 per lb) or Upper Eastside Green Market ($8 per lb). I've tried the stone crabs at Coral Gables Farmer's Market and I did not notice the "Joe's Stone Crab" difference. I must note however, the key lime pie sure is delicious - and I would definitely order that each time I'm here even though it's about $7 per slice (crazy, I know!) And locals... there's free parking for you if you're eating at Joe's! The parkign lot is right across the street. But beware - even though it's a Take Away, it's incredibly hard to get a table here! You have to grab it as soon as you spot someone leaving!
I'm not a huge fan of stone crab claws but I wanted to check out what the fuss was all about for Joe's Crabs since stone crab season just started.  I like how its casual and anyone can just walk in.  After reading about the great stuff here, I decided to come here last night for dinner in South Point.  I also wanted to check out South Point too.   We ordered 8 medium size stone crab claws, crab cake sandwich, their signature salad, bread pudding, and wine for around $60 give or take.  I wasn't happy about the price but thought to give it a try.   -Stone crab claws were good.  The dipping sauce wasn't as great as others rave about here. -Crab cake sandwich wasn't as good as how people described it.  Although it was huge, it was bland.  Even with their special sauce, it was still bland.  A bit disappointed considering all the hype in the reviews here. -Signature salad with honey roasted peanuts, bleu cheese (?), tomatoes, lettuce, onion, etc., was pretty good but expensive for $10 -Bread pudding was pretty good. -Wine was pretty good. I like how they have separate areas for dessert, main meals, and beverages.  I also like the dining area they expanded on.  I like the casual atmosphere and its location.  Will I go again?  Not really. It was quite an expensive meal and it wasn't that great.  Its a great alternative for those who don't want the formal experience at a restaurant and prefer the casual, laid back experience.
Why bother with an hour-plus wait for Joe's the Restaurant?  As a causal tourist, I'm just here for the food. I asked a cook behind the counter whether there was a difference between Joe's Take Away and Joe's the Restuarant, and they said it was the same.  Even the menu prices are the same.  In actuality, the primary difference is Take Away relies on self service in plastic containers using plastic silverware whereas Restaurant waits on you by  waiters in wine red jackets on actual china and silverware. Tried the cold seafood platter for $34.99, which included a half a lobster, 2 jumbo shrimps, 2 oysters, and 2 stone crab claws.  Big fan of the crab claws (better than Maryland blue crabs).  Oysters and jumbo shrimps are okay.  I was disappointed with the lobster - perhaps because Lobster is best when cooked (retains more juice) instead of being served cold (tastes wet and flavorless). Oddly, one of the better choices was the 1/2 slab of ribs.  Wished I got the ceviche instead. Overall, Joe's was good but pricey.  Don't know whether there's anything else better but it's worth a visit.
Instead of getting all dressed and Fighting  tooth and nail for a table at joes, why not do some take out and walk down to the water and watch the cruise ships come and go while gnawing  on some delicious  stone crab.  That was the plan last time we were in sobe.  Wow it was the bomb.  Got stone crabs, hash browns, and another side and some nice chocolate cake for dessert.  All was delicious.   It s a class operation and that class does not come cheap.  Nonetheless I don't mind dropping money at a place like joes.  The stone crabs are always excellent and perfectly prepared.  I'm a real fan and will definitely return to execute the same or similar plan next time I'm in sobe.
Here I go again.. Underwhelmed.  Yes the crab was fresh.  Yes it was good but for $100 I would hope it was GREAT.  I grabbed a spot at the meter.  and popped in for some of South Beach's finest. In no time I was placing my order. I got the crab claws, a side of creamed garlic spinach, hash browns and key lime pie.  The Creamed garlic Spinach was good and it was a huge serving.  Same with the hash browns.  A huge serving.  Crispy and good.  I wish I could comment on the key lime pie but although I ordered it, and I paid for it I did not get it. I don't know if this was something I was supposed to grab or something they were supposed to give to me.  By the time I got into my food it was past 9 and they were closed.  Oh well.  I will have to go back and get it later.   I can appreciate not having to wait.. I was there maybe a total of 10 minutes (I overpaid the meter).  I can appreciate having fine food without having to dress up or endure the bread crumb scraper.   The crab was good and plentiful.  I guess I just missed what all the hoopla was all about.  Perhaps there is a secret dipping method.  Someone please let me know the secret handshake so I can be in with the cool crabs.
Great breakfast, great crabcakes, great Key lime pie; I think they have stone crabs too! Everyone should dine at least once in the fabled Joe's Stone Crab restaurant. It's a great experience even knowing the maitre d' probably makes more money than you do. But, for we plebeians who want the food without the fuss - the waiting, the prices, wearing closed-toe shoes - Joe's Take Away is the perfect alternative. And, its wonderful breakfast is a perfect start to the day - if only I lived on the beach! Everything tastes so fresh and filling - the huge portions certainly help. My favorite is the "crab cakes eggs Benedict"! Actually, it's not called that, but that's basically what it is - a marriage of Joe's delicious crab cakes (the best I've had) with perfectly crafted Eggs Benedict (a hard thing to come by in itself). It even comes with free coffee, though that is simply average. I'm actually not into stone crabs, so I stick to the crab cakes for lunch, which are an even bigger than in the morning (you can also get them in a sandwich). Their Key lime pie is heavenly, but it can sometimes be too sweet and serving it rock cold means you have to wait awhile for it to thaw out. Though cheaper than the restaurant, the Take Away prices are still a bit high, but, like the restaurant, it is a worthy indulgence.
This place is hella good.  A group of us wanted to go to Joe's Stone Crab Restaurant, but the wait was awhile and the prices were higher.  This is a great alternative!! The food was fantastic if you're a seafood lover.  We had the crab cakes which were awesome, the fried oysters which were my favorite, the lobster roll which I thought was ok, the stone crab which I expected it to be a little better, the lobster which was awesome, shrimp, spinach that was pretty tasty, and of course some rolls (pictures uploaded).  Yes, this sounds like a lot of food but it was for 5 girls.  The cost was a little over $100. If you love seafood, you have to go to this place :D  I think this place was all our favorite from our visit to Miami!!
The Stones Crabs are delicious here and they prep them very well too. I was here on a Sunday to try out some stone crab as everyone and every show TV seems to say go here; advertising or not it's a good call.  But you know what's a bad call? Bringing this delicious stuff out for a picnic on Miami Beach because the Seagulls are incredibly threatening and scary and they stalk you so be warned; if you do picnic eat quick (I finished my Lobster cocktail before they showed up) and I mean first 1, then 2, then it grew to around 10 and I left before any SHTF. Lobster Cocktail: Since I had never seen one of these before I decided to try it and it was delicious.  It's a cold dish with a half lobster; the tail is cut into big portions and a crab salad is stuffed into where the head mustard is cleaned out.  It came with cocktail sauce and a couple of lemons.  The lobster tasted like god cold lobster and the crab salad was very good. Medium Stone Crab Claws: These were delicious and there was a warning; since the weather was cold; the claws might stick to the shell.  The claws are broken well so that you don't have to do too much work to get into the claws for the meat.  Some of it did, but the crab meat was tender and good.  It comes with a mustard (famous) dip, but I preferred the clarified butter and a hint of lemon on top. Overall this is a great take out joint and is very yummy but it puts a good sized dent in your wallet.
This place looks like a deli. They're speedy like one too. My order was ready literally 2 seconds after they handed me the receipt. This was the second stop for dinner (got Cuban food along SoBe earlier) so we just got a medium order of stone crabs and of course, key lime pie. The stone crabs were super fresh, meaty, and delicious. Who knew there was such tender, succulent meat tucked beneath that thick, porcelain shell? It made my blood boil to think I could've eaten here 4 times with the money I wasted at Rustic CraP Inn a few days ago. The key lime pie was the best I've had (better than Kermit's in the Keys). I loved the thick crust and I could actually see and taste shreds of lime flesh in the pie filling. It was so good I savored each tiny bite and lovingly packed away the rest for the next day. And now that it's all gone I think I'll have to make another trip down to miami to fill this void in my life. Oh, and the complimentary brown onion roll is awesome too. I glanced sort of wistfully at the actual swanky restaurant next door on my way out, but quickly decided I'd much prefer binging on crab and key lime pie at home in my sweats with elastic waistbands :)
Funny story, my fiance and I got to our boat tour on time to hear that the weather was not good and if we don't mind, bump the tour to the 11:45am one instead of the originally schedule 9am. We thought ok fine, we got up early anyway, let's go get a good breakfast. Our guide recommended Joe's take away so we mapped it on our smartphones and were on our way walking to where we thought was a casual place for breakfast. When we got to the dot where our map was, we saw Joe's and thought, that's it! But passing the front door, it read: gentlemen must have long sleeve shirts. Uhhhhh we're going on a boat tour, therefore our outfits consist of flip flops, shorts and tanks. We decided to keep walking and look for another place and TA-DA! Joe's Take away was RIGHT NEXT to this fancy Joe's restaurant! Thank goodness! As other reviews say, this IS a casual place. It feels like locals actually come here because most of the people inside didn't seem like tourist like us. Anyhow, great portion and good food. I ordered a Miami omelette here and I thought it was quite tasty. It was an omelette with crab meat (real, not that fake crab meat crap.. but watch out for little shells!), feta cheese and spinach. I had a side of biscuit and shared a hashbrowns with my fiance. The omelette may have had too much feta, but that's purely personal preference. The biscuit wasn't too dry and the hashbrowns were very nicely done. It is a little pricey for a breakfast, but worth it in my opinion because the portions are fairly big. Plus, if you want a nice hearty breakfast, this is the place to go. The restaurant felt like a little deli because it has a lot of cookies, cheese, fresh seafood/catch of the days and other sides that you can purchase to go. The space itself is pretty big as well, no need to worry about seating.
This is a great place to stop to get a quick bite. I ordered the shrimp po boy and it came out loaded with tons of shrimp, I couldn't even fold it into a sandwich because it had so much shrimp on there,so I had to eat it with a fork and knife. The coleslaw that came with it was delicious and went perfectly with the shrimp and sauce. Also if you want to try the stone crab but do not want to spend an excessive amount on it I recommend getting the half order.You can get 4 medium size stone crab legs for around $14 or so.
Joe's became an immediate favorite place of mine during my first-ever visit to Miami.  The place is bustling with people and you will definitely have to endure a short wait, but trust me, it is well worth it.  Behind the glass windows, you see employees working non-stop to pound your crab claws for you and everything is fresh, fresh, FRESH!   I ordered the lobster roll and a tomato-mozzarella stack.  Lobster roll was packed with large bites of lobster and not overwhelming with mayonnaise.  Tomato-mozzarella stack was flavorful and the tomatoes were large beefsteak kind so you get a great bite out of it.   Yes, prices are stepper than normal, but the quality is there and you will kick yourself if you don't stop by at least once.  I definitely intend to return and try their famous key lime pie before I depart.
This place is the best bargain in town Food - Crabcake sandwich - the one and only I have ever had.  delish, not fishy and not greasy or bready at all. - Fries - tasted like potato and was delish - Sweet potato fries - amazing - rolls that come with food delish - champagne is great - huge chocolate chip cooke must have been made in heaven Meat Loving Friends - Seafood bisque - delisiously comforting - burger - amazing and sirloin mean so lean - Fried chicken - amazing - of course stone crabs were heaven
Always a great meal and honestly a great deal... People get so intimidated buy "joes" but compared to so much of the other south beach trash food this place is very well priced for the quality of food and service..  A huge egg white omelette w fresh spinach stone crab meat and feta cheese for 11$ ?!?! Where else can you get that... Your could spend more on breakfast for 2 at macdonalds!!! And believe me it's big enough for 2... And comes with toast too... Lol... The turkey burgers are out of this planet!!!!  I mean everything is really good!!!  The only thing I never get is stone crabs.., how funny!!! The turkey chilli is out of hand good and the seafood bisque is prob one of the best ever created!!!! Salads are on point... Even the blackened grouper sandwich is awesome... I've never had anything that wasn't great here... Ever!! Been very loyal for years!!!  Highly recommend... Open very very early for breakfast and all the south beach big wigs frequent here for early am breakfast... The judges and officials from mayors office and police bug wigs.. Not a bad spot to get your familiarity with bosses...  Highly recommend!!!!!!
I love seafood, but don't have a Joe's budget.  I've always heard of the fancy, schmancy Miami institution over the years, but never really felt the urge to pay off some guy to try and get me a table quickly so I don't have to wait an hour before being seated.  That's where Joe's Takeaway comes in. Seen it on the Food Network, and heard about it from friends, but finally got around to making it part of my Saturday evening plans.  Showed up around 9pm, walked past the huge crowd outside the regular Joe's, and stood in line for less than 5 minutes at the takeaway site.  Ordered our food - crab cake sandwich, lobster roll sandwich, and hash browns for $36.  Grabbed a table inside, and waited less than 15 minutes for our order to be ready. Lobster roll was DELICIOUS - great lobster salad without being too mayonaissey or thick... just right.  (see photo).  Key Lime Pie was amazing - even if it was still a tad frozen. Will definitely add this to my list of places to eat at on Miami Beach.  Now where is the Prime 112 takeaway?? ;)
Woohoo! As good as it gets! i LOVE joe's take away! amazing seafood at affordable prices!  they only run october - may. i guess those claws need time to regenerate?thats also why i love stone crab claws.  i feel like i'm not killing anybody eating these little guys. these are my favorites: oysters (fresh, sweet, juicy, well cleaned) seafood bisque sweet potato fries key lime pie and of course.. the stone crab claws! is it october yet?;)
Awesome, awesome take-away counter and one of the best breakfasts to be had in Miami Beach. The baked goods are gorgeous and, man, the Eggs Supreme are perfection. A Floridian twist on eggs benedict, the kitchen wizards at Joe's whip up two massive stone crab crabcakes with almost no filler, sweet and succulent on the inside and perfectly crisp on the outside. Pop them on top of two pieces of fluffy, buttery, egg-glazed brioche, stack some beautifully poached eggs on top, and douse the whole thing in a heaping portion of citrusy Hollandaise. I truly cannot imagine a tastier way to start the day. My one qualm with Joe's Take Away? Piteously, it's a pretty major one-- the service stinks (in stark contrast to the restaurant next door) and it's really not doable for a group. The clerk ended up adding one extra orange juice and missing a lemonade, a croissant, and a fruit cup. After being shuffled endlessly between the coffee bar and front counter, my party somehow ended up with two extra drinks in the end. I could see this being a great carry-out option if I lived or worked in the area and the breakfast is pretty damn outstanding... but I wish the ordering system and delivery processes were a little clearer for my own sake and the clerks'.
We happen to wander down to Joe's (the restaurant) on the one day they are not open, so we were directed to Joe's Take Away, and told we could bring our food outside in the quiet courtyard. After a frustrating half an hour of wrestling with the entirely screwy system of ordering, paying, and then trying to figure out which stations you are to retrieve the various parts of your lunch, we went back to the courtyard where a very helpful employee got all the silverware, napkins and condiments we required. The stone crab was cold, fresh, delicious and expensive. The courtyard I can definitely recommend over the extremely loud interior with it's clanging cookware, hammer-cracking crab claws and P.A. system at the counter barking numbers for pick-up. One great surprise is that they have the best prices on Champagne in South Beach. You can get a bottle to enjoy with lunch, or slip in there for a just a nice bottle.
The Take-Away section of Joe's underwent a complete renovation this summer (I designed the audio / video system there).  The restaurant is nearly twice as large.  There is a new coffee bar, as well as an outdoor dining area. The decor is stunning, with rich mahogany panelling, green marble countertops, and spanish ceramic tiles.  The tinned ceiling is finished in gold, as well as the pendants and metalwork. The food is definitely top notch.  The crab is always fresh.  There is an art to cracking crab, and the staff are masters at their craft.  Their mustard sauce is top-notch. Other items on the menu are just as satisfying.  The mahi sandwich is fulfilling.  The soups are hearty.  The key lime pie is divine.  You don't need to spend a fortune here, but they can add up quickly.
It was a pleasant but windy walk to pick up breakfast this morning. Lemon hollendaise and poached eggs are a good breakfast. The grits are a little salty. I wish they supplied honey instead of butter or jam.  Inside you are greeted with the sound of crabs being cracked over ice. Market price for today's turkey panini was under $8.  There was no line before 8:45 a.m.  They also had chili. Pork sausage needs ketchup because it is also salty. Staff smiled as they passed my table and were ready to take my order at the counter.  They asked me if I wanted a whole pie when I asked for their apple pie.
Stonecrabs are not worth the hype. The other stuff they have tastes better. Chopped salad is nice, though basically a greek salad with some peanuts.  They need to get bigger dressing containers and add more feta. Ill get the fried chicken next time and save some serious dough.
I finally tried the pricy but famous Lobster Roll at Joe's after hearing so much about it. It was packed with  large pieces of lobster but did NOT taste like lobster. Heavy laden with a sauce and tiny chopped onion and celery.  The sauce was good, but for just under $20.00 I would like my lobster to at least taste like seafood of some sort not sauce.   Don't know why it got such high ratings.
As a visitor to Miami on a budget, the take away side was a great option for experiencing this 'must see' in Miami for a lower cost. It wasn't cheap by any means, but a great alternative to the prices associated with the white-table-cloth-button-down-shirt restaurant side.   Three of us (all BIG eaters) got an order of medium stone crab legs, a half pound of peel and eat shrimp, an order of crab cakes, and an order of fried green tomatoes. We couldn't even come close to finishing it all. Obviously we expected the crab to be amazing, but I was impressed by the high quality of ALL our dishes. If I were to go again, I'd order the same things.
I was stoked to see that Joe's Stone Crab had a more affordable and casual location right next door so that I could find out what all the hype was about. I love crab, but didn't really see what was so amazing about Joe's stone crab. They crack the shells for you and you have to pick out all the little cracked pieces. It's also served cold. I prefer hot crab legs to this. It was just a lot of work. However, I got the seafood bisque and it was AWESOME. Also, sodas are served in the can, not from a fountain. If I go back, I'll skip the crab and just go for the seafood bisque.
Crab roll, lobster bisque, good wine. Came here 2 days in a row.
You're an ass to wait in line to sit down at Joe's on a busy evening when you can just go next door and get the same awesome Stone Crab claws (and various other shellfish) for less.  They have tables if you must sit, or you can do what most do and just find a place nearby under a palm tree and enjoy these marvelous claws in the ocean breeze. Stone Crab is phenomenal (described as a cross between crab and lobster) and Joe's owns the majority of fishing rights in the waters where these crabs dwell so they get first dibbs on the quality.  It's far from the hot parts of Southbeach, but walkable and worth it.
$100 lunch for 2 ppl. I can now say I've had the infamous Joe's Takeaway. I'm not much of a stone crab fan, so we didn't order any. Instead, we indulged in the king crab legs and they were worth every penny! I love how they precut parts of the shell off so that the meat is easy to pull off. The conch fritters were good, but kinda like glorified hush puppies. Surprisingly, the lobster roll was not my favorite. I would not order it again.   I think I'd go back here for brunch if I were to visit SOBE again.
This is a cute spot!   What a great spot for those who live in the area.  Its a nice place to pick up some great food and take it home... or to eat in and not have to leave a massive tip on some good food.  It has a great little outdoor dining area that is perfect for a sunny March afternoon.   I had the turkey burger and it was VERY good.   The price was even better.  It does not come with fries or chips, but the burger itself was very good... and again, well priced.   If I am looking for something low key  and tasty while in South Beach I will hit this spot once again.
$100 take out for two probably will be on my record book for a while, but it worth every penny.   I think Joe's Take Away is a great option if you don't want to wait for a table at Joe's Restaurant.   For $100, we've ordered 1) an order of large stone crab claws; 2) Fried calamari; 3) Fried oysters; 4) one lb of steam peel n' eat shrimp; 5) an order of veggies. It's our first time to try stone crab claws and oh man, they are delicious.  The meat was firm and sweet.  I understand the hype about stone crab now. The fried oysters also won our hearts.  There were approx. 8 pieces in the order and they are fresh and the batter was very thin.  For only $9, you can't get wrong to order it if you like oysters.     On a separate note, it seems like parking in the neighborhood can be difficult.  There is a gang of valet parking operations for the nearby restaurants and they would not let me to park at a legal parking spot on a public street.  The dude kept speaking in Spanish and just won't let me to park.  I could not understand what he is saying.  After a minute of stand of, I left.
Expensive but good. great alternative to the restaurant. it's the same food, and don't have to dress up!
Really great, we go 3 times a week as a rule, minimum. Awesome menu with great breakfasts as well.  They have great ceviche as well, and its ready to go, so when we're in a hurry, its a big hit! Hint- if you have kids and can't get into Joes Restaurant, hit the take away for some fast solutions on feeding the family. We also park free across the street. This weekend was NYE and we especially appreciated this aspect of getting into Joes Take Away!
Really nice place to have a breakfast at! I haven't been in Joe's but i always have breakfast by next door which is Joe's take away. Highly suggesting it!
You can take the girl out of Miami, but you can't take the Miami out of the girl! One of my fondest memories of growing up in Miami is our annual outing to the famous Joe's Stone Crabs in South Miami Beach. Some things never change - I still crave my Miami claws every Thanksgiving. This year, as in many years past, I am thankful for Fed Ex and dry ice when my boxes of Joe's arrive fresh and delicious where ever I may be celebrating. Tonight my sister and I reluctantly shared a huge box of crabs with our husbands (both north easterners) and feasted on the most select crab claws and special Joe's sauce. Yes, they are very expensive, but well worth it if you have any taste for claws. Get over yourself Maryland, you have nothing on the claws harvested off of the Florida coast. There is no comparison, just like there is no comparison in the beaches!
A weekend favorite during stone crab season for the husband and I......we live in Broward so it can be a trek, but so worth it. We always just hit the "take away" and go home and enjoy!  Yummy stone crabs, seafood bisque, fried oysters, lyonnaise potatoes....I can go on and on. LOVE IT ALL!!!! Go for breakfast too....equally delicious and laid back.
A friend of mine told me about Joe's being open for breakfast and serving an amazing stone crab omellette. I have been back there several times and have tried a number of variations of the stone crab omellette and I am never disappointed. Make sure that you order the breakfast potatoes and try the granola parfait. Everything I have had there has been good. Also, the price for breakfast is pretty reasonable for the beach. Your stone crab omellette will only cost you $12. Joe's is an interesting place with an interesting history. Check out miami-history.com/histor…, for an understanding of Joe's long history on the beach.
This place is the real deal when it comes to seafood. Their seafood bisque is a must. And then there is tons of different options. Ive had their crab and it is amazingly delish. Heard very good things about their fried chicken and ill be definitely trying it next time i go. This is the kind of place you feel like you want to try everything on their menu
Joe's is by far my favorite restaurant in Miami. Of course the crab claws are amazing, but they also have other great dishes. Everyone should try the turkey burger. Also, they have the best fried chicken. Lastly, if you are looking for the best key lime pie in town, head on over to Joe's. Everything on their menu won't disappoint.
LOBSTER ROLL TERRIBLE.  It was loaded with mayonaise.  Way too much...it was drenched in mayo.
I am solely basing my review on service since I did not eat here.  I have been slobbering over this place for the past few years ever since I saw it on the Food Network.  I flew into West Palm Beach with my sister and her three kids and we planned on going to Miami.  I made Joe's a MUST on my list of things to do while in Miami for the day.  We arrived on a Saturday and went straight to Joe's  Take Away.  Maybe I'm speaking as a tourist, but I didn't really understand the menu.  I guess i was totally thrown off by the price and the amount of claws you get.  So i politely asked the guy behind the crab case how this works and he explained to me how i order the food, pay and pick up my food.  I told him I understand that- but can you explain to me if I just order the crabs for the table and everything else is ala carte?  (note i was with three kids who didn't really get wowed by the crab claws so were looking to order something else).  I was just interested in ordering like 3 claws.  He then sighed like he was frustrated with me and then again explained to me how i place an order at which point I got pissed off and said "I UNDERSTAND HOW TO PAY FOR FOOD" and said F this I'm out.  Man!  I was so disappointed.  For a touristy spot- i would think that they would be a little more helpful or suggestive about what I should order and what is best.  Guess not.  Maybe i'm just too needy. Sounds like everyone else loves it here.
Joe's Stone Crab and Joe's Take-Away are by far and wide the best of the best.. That is, if you are a Stone Crab Lover. But don't fret none, the menu is loaded with more than just crabs.. These places are Landmarks on Miami Beach. Worth The Wait!!! Don't Forget The Dessert!!! {Key Lime Pie} :)
Crab Cake Sandwich - A+ Key Lime Pie - A++
Joe's Take Away is perfect for a quick meal on the go... The seafood selection is great and how incredible is it to see the crab claws just waiting to be served?   We stopped on our way out of town and loved it so much that we made a point to stop in for lunch on our way back to the airport. We had the Lobster Roll Sandwich which is stuffed full with lobster- yum!  Need I say more? The Key Lime Pie is also excellent and was the perfect "sweet" at the end of a delicious lunch.
Skip the long line next door at Joes, eat the same food, albeit with plastic and a little worse scenery.  Still food was great as usual, crab was excellent as was the soup.  The only issue is prices are the same as next door.   You got to have Joes while in sobe!
nice but chaotic restaurant with lots of choices! we ordered stone crab - sweet and juicy mango ceviche - ok very sour lobster rueben - too sweet with lots of lobster grilled lobster tails - ok flavorless crab cakes - THE BEST!!! huge and absolutely delicious! full of crab meat key lime pie - the BEST pie i've ever had! will come back for the crab cakes and key lime pie!
Delicious lobster roll. Didn't try the stone crab (I know, I'm sorry) but I definitely will if I ever come back to MIA, which I hope I won't, since I already know I'm Asian and don't need to be told every 30 seconds, but I digress.......
Even though the breading on the buffalo shrimp was coming off doesn't mean it wasn't good! The shrimps were huge and they tasted fresh and amazing. I do recommend to come in early. I was here sunday at 11:30am and it was already packed. I will get the medium stone crabs for next time!
This place is like cheers.   The food is great, everybody knows your name. Cheap, comfortable, friendly and attentive staff.   I go here every morning for the granola. I get so sad when they close for the season in the summers...
If you love stone crab or to have a good selection of just about everything else from breakfast omelets to chicken salad or coleslaw without the bother of dressing yourself up, waiting around in line or can do without the superlative service of Joe's Stone Crab, there is Joe's Take Away located just about  1/2 a block north of the family owned Stone Crab restaurant. Like Joe's Stone Crab, Joe's Take Away is also somewhat of a local SoBe institution well known to the resident locals. I've found it to be a particularly good place to eat....there are a few casual indoor tables....if you are with someone who for whatever reason doesn't appreciate dinning on the world's best crustaceans; hence no need for the added expense and effort of going to Joe's Stone Crab restaurant.
I was born and raised in Maine so can definitely consider myself a lobster roll expert. Unfortunately too many places serve "Maine lobster" that's been sitting in tanks of freezers so long it loses that true Maine Lobster freshness. Because of this I steer clear of ordering lobster rolls outside of the 207. Fortunately the BF went there got lunch and thought he'd surprise me with some to go lunch. The lobster roll was AMAZING!!! It definitely gets my Maine seal of approval. And as a sobe local I cannot wait to come back whenever I'm a bit homesick :-)
Yummy!
Joe's Take Away is officially open again and while the menu has changed a little bit (they've added things like sides of avocado), everything else you've come to know and love has stayed the same.
We ate here on our last day in Miami, and it was my favorite meal of my 2 week stay.  We ordered the standard... Crab claws - they were so fresh and sweet, didn't need any sauces. Everything else was great... Stuffed tomatoes, hash browns, chocolate and carrot cake. The atmosphere is fun, too, it's always packed. Wish I'd eaten there every day while I was there, compared to many of the overpriced restaurants we went to.
Beautiful crabs and shrimps, this is a must do in Miami. Next time I'll go for mahi mahi or salmon. Mmmm
I avoided Joe's for the longest time. I figured it was an overpriced tourist trap. The actual restaurant, probably so.....but certainly not this convenient take-out arm. One night several years ago, I was clued in by the bartenders at The Room just around the corner - go to Joe's Take Away and order the fish sandwich. They were absolutely spot on. This place is great. It seems to me that they have the exact same menu items the bloated, pretentious restaurant has, with hardly any waiting or hassle. Are you kidding me? This is a no-brainer.....and it isn't even as expensive as you'd expect. Considering the quality and portion size, I'd say the prices are very reasonable. I don't know if you've noticed, but seafood in Miami is not at all cheap anymore. It's surprising that Joe's is actually one of the cheaper places to get a great fish sandwich. Conch fritters? Excellent. Key Lime Pie? Eh......it doesn't live up to the hype, it isn't the real thing. But then again, I come from an old Key West family, so that pie is in my blood. The most authentic Key Lime Pie (real meringue, not whipped cream) you can get is not at Joe's, it's at Margaritaville in Key West, or the Blond Giraffe. But I digress. The subpar pie doesn't keep this unpretentious take-out establishment from a 5-star rating. Recommended.
Great food and you don't have to wait in their long lines. Had a really a good Joes chopped salad but make sure to order your chicken on the aide bc the lettuce will get soggy.
This has to be one of my top 10 meals in my lifetime so far. We went to the takeaway side because the restaurant has odd hours of operation. But, I think I prefer the takeaway side as you just order, pick up your food and seat yourself - food court style. And you don't have to pay tip. I was imagining some kind of tacky shack-looking place like the Boiling Crabs in CA. But, nope! Really tasteful and appropriate decor. Ordered: *Stone crab: Well of course! I've never had stone crab before. It's served cold and they come pre-pounded so they're easy to eat. Comes with butter and a mustard-y sauce. I couldn't decide which sauce I liked more. They were equally yummy. *Lobster roll: HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Delicious and the bread was toasted and buttery as well. But I would advise that  you share, as a person who doesn't like mayo too much, it eventually got too heavy for me. The chips that were served on the side were thin and deep fried to perfection but they needed a little salt. *Manhattan Clam Chowder: Great soup. Wasn't too salty and had lots of clams, potato, tomato, etc. *Key Lime Pie: I've never had key lime pie in my life. I was surprised by the initial tartness but was even more surprised by the really sweet after taste. I could see how this is a hit with people though! I loved the crust though. Homemade and perfect crumbly consistency. I'm drooling writing this review. Joe's is definitely worth the visit.
4.5 stars for breakfast! The quality of the food matches the great environment provided here and I'd be real suprised if theres a better breakfast place in Miami. That being said I've only come here once but I left with a strong desire to go back because what they offer all seems like it would range from good to great. The corn flake crusted french toast was the best french toast I can remember having even though it was missing powdered sugar which is borderline neglect to not have, but it came with pure maple syrup and was made with moderately thick cut bread, soo good! The egg white breakfast sandwich was fair sized and was reasonably priced, it came with challah bread and was barely greasy at all. It had thick cut bacon and cheddar. It was good but I wish i ordered an omelete, they looked really good. The has browns were very good and not too greasy, the potatoes were evenly cooked to a great crispyness, they seemed freshly made and i would order again. The desserts looked amazing, especially the apple pie, i will definitely try that next time. The oatmeal looked fresh and delicious also. The seafood looked very fresh and I could see how this would be a great spot for lunch and dinner also.  Cons are that they did not have pancakes on the menu and the menu was not that big, but they had most of the essentials. Service is very good and the place was busy. Its a great alternative to the more common jewish delis and the sitdown pancake houses of the world, it has a upscale cafeteria feel to it (even though they bring your food to the table) where you can get great food, people watch, and get energized for the day. The prices were incredibly reasonable for such good food quality and its a better breakfast option than even fancy hotel brunches such as Fontaine Bleu or the Ritz.
I love Joe's the restaurant, but sometimes I just don't feel like waiting for a table or getting dressed up...ENTER Joe's Takeaway!     Conveniently located right next door to its big brother, Joes takeaway offers many of the same fantastic choices as the main restaurant, plus some other great options, without the formal feel.  Don't worry, you can still get the famous stone crab claws and scrumptious mustard dipping sauce.  Honestly, the claws are every bit as amazing as you've heard, but that doesn't mean that is the only thing that they do well. Joe's takeaway has lots of other fresh seafood and they also have some fantastic options like a curry chicken salad with apples.  The desserts too are worth checking ou,t and are often much cheaper than the actual restaurant.  My personal favorite is a marshmallow/peanut butter pie with a graham cracker crust that tastes like a fluffernutter in pie form.  Delicious, and I think it's only like $3!  They also have their well known key lime pie here if that's your thing (though personally I think other places make a better key lime pie than Joe's).     There are some casual seating options too if you don't feel like waiting till you get home to dig into your stone crabs.  Also, they've recently remodeled this area, so it's a bit nicer and much larger then before.  Joe's is a Miami institution for a reason, but sometimes you just want the food without all the frills and waiter service...if that's what you're in the mood for then you should run to check this spot out!
joes belongs to miami. to miami history. its been open since 1918. exactly. joes take away is right next to the proper restaurant. its a bit more laid back, bit more casual but you still get the same great food and service. prices are not exorbitant but it sure aint cheap. ive had the lunch specials, soups and sandwiches and i always leave satisfied. foo foo clientele but the top 1% also deserve to get take away... no? ive never been here for breakfast because they stop serving at 10:30am promptly and really , who wakes up so early? naw, im just lazy. i actually live just a few blocks away but im just not a morning person. bring an out of towner here. share the goods with a few.
Yummy stone crab fix after the beach ! Dipping sauce & bread included ! Lobster roll is nexttttttt to try !
Very fresh stone crab!!! I like this place because it is very easy to order and quickly to go. The grilled lobster is really good. But I will try the steam one next time. The mango salad is really good. The soy tuna salad is normal. The octopus salad is too sour. I went there twice in two days. The large stone crab is a little expensive. But defenately deserve a try!
Best crab cakes I've ever had and the stone crabs were pretty good as well.  The crab cakes eggs benedict was deeeeelish.  Thanks for the rec Bobby Flay.
I just had some of the most amazing stone crab in the world For freaking LUNCH!!!! I'm sitting back at my desk about to slip into the most blissful coma known to man. LOL A friend brought me 8 of these wonderfully delicious crustaceans, after I cancelled our lunch date, which was going to be the salad bar at Fresh Market. Yet duty calls and I was left to survive for the rest of the day on two cup of peach apple sauce and a hot green tea.  Without notice a meal from the God's came into my office door. The crab claws, sweet potato fries and bread pudding with vanilla sauce.  I have been eating for the pass two hours. Im eating so slowly so that I will be able to remember each and every bite. lol This is the best foodgasim I've had in months.  needless to say. I will be back. And next time, i'm bringing friends. lol
The seafood bisque is the best. I love it.
I was in South Beach Saturday morning, so I decided to give Joe's breakfast a try.  I had the breakfast sandwich, which was thick, hearty and a good, albeit not necessary healthy, way to start the day.  Although an egg sandwich might not cause the same level of bliss as a lobster roll or some stone crabs, if you are looking for a quick breakfast, it is a good call.  I suppose this should not really be a surprise though, as Joe's is the type of place that strives to be excellent in everything it does.
Okay, there are rave reviews on Yelp so we decided to try it out since my wife loves seafood.  Overall I would say it's pretty good but way over price.  Our bill came out to around $60 for 2 people.  Eating out of plastic boxes doesn't really make you feel like it's worth the $60 you just spent on lunch.  We even ate there and they didn't serve our food on plates.  For that kind of money I expect more than plastic boxes, plastic spoons, and waiter service.
stick to the crabs...look the sides were OK except for the steamed spinach which wasn't very good at all, but the crabs..oh my the crab claws...I never had stone crabs before, but I have to say, I'm a HUGE fan now.   My wife and I were on a recent trip to Miami and decided against the long wait at Joe's (restaurant) and got it to go and took it back to our hotel room and ate there.  We got two orders of the standard claws (16 total) and three sides, a cookie and a slice of key lime pie.  I don't recall ever being so full in my life...it was delicious.  The cookie and pie were really good too...the hash browns, spinach and onion rings, we could have done without...well, the rings were pretty good. Definitely check it out if you are in Miami
Love this place! I probably take three meals a week here on average and have tried just about everything on the menu. It's all good.
Joe's is a quintessential Miami Beach institution.  Much of the food is classic  in the steak house sense.  The Take Away store is a revelation as you can get the same food without waiting.  Either call order in or just show up and order.  You can eat there or take out to Government Cut (where the ocean meets the bay, once the park renovations are complete).   If you like crabs then Stone Crabs are a must.  They are expensive and you can get crabs other places, but they will not likely be much cheaper on the Beach.  Some of the meatiest and tastiest crabs outside of King or Dungeness.  The mustard sauce is special and a necessity.  As for sides hash browns (lyonaisse for lovers of grilled onions), creamed spinach, skinny sweets.  Pretty much nothing is marginal at JSC's.  The shocking thing is the regular food like Mahi or Grouper sandwiches and Fried Chicken which are under $10 bucks.  Also the salads with fish toppings are good. So you can eat Joe's quality for a good value. I am a Miami Beach native, tried many of the restaurants and JSCs is beyond compare.
The stone crabs here are fantastic as most of the reviews have mentioned, but honestly, they don't taste a whole lot different to me than some regular crab legs I've had for much less. The process to harvest these though must just be more expensive though. The surprise for us were the fried oysters - they were large, juicy and the breading was fantastic. The accompanying rolls they serve, especially the onion roll is fantastic. They also had a very nice bottle of chardonnay on super sale for just $10 which was a great accompaniment to our meal, so look out for some specials! They service here is really slow. We're from New York where the service is generally better than Miami Beach because of the culture, but the cashier took nearly ten minutes taking care of the customer in front of us (who wasn't even being that difficult) and then conversing with some co-workers. There were nearly ten people behind the cash register, all doing a variety of things, but I just didn't understand why it would take nearly ten minutes to take a simple order. We got our food very quickly though so that was nice.
As good as it gets! We went here during a tornado watch because I heard so many good things about it. It's a little pricey but it's worth it! I ordered $50 worth of food and it was all great. Here's what I had: 8 medium crab claws (like $22), a lobster roll ($15), and a piece of key lime pie (I can't recall how much it cost). The lobster roll was delicious; great flavor, delectable bread, a little messy but not to the point of being annoying. The crab claws were very meaty. I wish they were room temperature and not cold but they were still great with the clarified butter. They crack them for you ahead of time to make it easier to get out of their shell. The key lime was great and had a good crust. My friend ordered a chocolate macaroon, which I had never had but I love coconut so I have it a try. Fabulous! We saved 1/2 of it and ate it on the plane. My other friends also had the shrimp with white wine and lemon sauce, talapia and the lobster ruben. The ruben was soo good when I had a bite! The only issue I had was with one of the workers. He kept telling us what to do and where to sit but then I realized he meant well but just didn't know how to express himself in a sociable way. In the end, we made friends with him and he took our picture. Overall, a great experience!
Wow, what a find.  I gotta say that Yelp and an iphone has really improved my chances of finding killer places when I'm heading into a new town.  Now, for the review. As we headed into Miami Beach, I had visions of beaches, babes and tourists dancing through my head.  I was not disappointed...  Seemed like time for an authentic taste of seafood nearby our hotel and definitely off the Ocean Drive (read mega tourist) strip.  Joe's is a little off the beaten path which is a good thing.  After reading Yelp reviews, the take out side seemed like our kind of place.  The other side had valet service and people entering the restaurant who looked a little on the stuffy side. Once we entered the open, airy, deli style take out side I knew I had made the right decision.  They have several sections - salads, soups, beverages, seafood and a coffee bar in the center.  We came for the seafood and we were not disappointed.  Having read reviews that talked about the low prices I can say they didn't seem low to me (except for the wine and champagne), but the quality was great.  After purusing the menu, we settled on stone crab legs (these seem to be the main event here) - there are several different sizes.  We settled on the select size.  I believe they were about $30 for 7 of them.  They were extremely fresh easy to get at the succulent meat since the legs are pre-cracked and perfect with a little drawn butter.  We also ordered the lobster rueben and it was awesome.  We ended up also getting some champagne (2006 Iron Horse) that was amazingly priced at $25.  It was a little flat, but still quite tasty.  Their prices on wine are ridiculously LOW here.  Being from California, I know the retail prices of several of their wines and the prices are about 50% above what you would pay at a discount store. We liked this place so much, we went back the next morning (actually afternoon as we were out quite late) to have coffee and muffins before heading south to key largo. You owe it to yourxself to check this place out when in Maimi Beach...
Why go next door where you have to wear a long sleeve shirt and slacks, when you can have most of the same food (at least all the ones that matter) here?  Stone crab claws were great.  Key lime pie was better.  Can't wait to go back.
I been here a million times in the past. I always loved the food here. One it is the best quality take-out food you can find anywhere in South Florida. Now I heard they expanded additional 60 seats, and a wine bar. I decided I had to check it out over the weekend. I pulled up it seems the old parking lot that was covered inside they knocked through to expand. The menyuis the same, the place looks and feels a lot classier. I ordered the chopped salad, and added cajun grilled chicken. I also ordered a side of coleslaw. The prices are on the higher side a salad with chicken will run you around $14. Then again I say you pay for what you get . The portions are huge the salad is enough for 2 meals. The quality is the same as the restaraunt uncredible. I will be going back again really soon ! Plus parking is free ! Where in South Beach can you park anywhere free !
The wait was finally over.  I had been anticipating getting my hands on those claws ever since I saw Bobby Flay eating stone crabs on an episode of The Best Thing I Ever Ate.  While in Miami, away from home on Christmas Eve, we had the quintessential SoBe dinner: Joe's stone crabs, chopped salad, and key lime pie.  It couldn't have been anymore enjoyable.   No reservation necessary.  No need to wait in line to valet.  Found a Pay To Park spot down the street.  Walked in to Joe's Take Away.  Surveyed the scene.  Tables full of jolly diners (as it was Christmas Eve) eating from their take away boxes.  My gaze was stuck on the dessert case for a few minutes.  After oohs and aahs, I knew I had to move on and do what I had come here to do.   I stepped up to the counter and placed my order.  I was handed my receipt with a number.  While waiting for my number to be called, I walked around the place.  It's a lot bigger than I had pictured.  There's a station where the salads are prepared, a station where they display the seafood and seafood cocktails.  You can come and take a peek to see the different sizes of the stone crab claws before placing your order.  Here's also where you can watch the stone crab claws being cracked.  The cracker guy meticulously lines up the stone crab claws in straight rows and with a mallet, he rhythmically taps each one going down the rows.  Rather than drooling over the food the other diners are eating, I'd recommend watching the cracking in action while waiting for your order.  There's a huge bar in the center of the room where you can pull up to one of the available stools to eat from your take away box and have an alcoholic beverage.  There's also a drink station where you can grab a bottled drink. We were in and out within 15-20 minutes with our take away boxes to enjoy back in our hotel room.  The large stone crab claws came with 5 to an an order.  The cracked shells can be picked off easily to reveal the succulent, beautiful, luscious crab meat.  Between bites of the chopped salad and the crab meat dipped in Joe's famous mustard sauce, I was singing Handel's Hallelujah and not because it was Christmas Eve.   After polishing off the crab and salad, I moved on to the key lime pie.  It was sweet but tart at the same time.  It was good for a key lime pie.  A few bites of it would have sufficed, but I ended up eating the entire slice all by myself and felt key lime pie'd out afterwards.  A word from the wise: share the key lime pie with someone. I'm giving Joe's 4 stars for the food and the experience.  It's a South Beach initiation/ right of passage.  If you haven't done it before, it's worth it.  I probably won't do it every time I'm in Miami as it could get very expensive.  This season happens to be a bad harvest for the fishermen.  They're catching just 1K lbs of the stone crabs instead of the normal 15K lbs.  We paid the market price of $47.95 for 5 claws of the large stone crabs on this particular visit and I ate 4 of the 5 claws myself.  Yikes!  That's almost $10 per claw! The other downside is all those plastic take away boxes.  They pack every order in the plastic boxes whether you eat-in or take-out.  Not green for the environment :( Bon appetit!
One of my favorite things to do while in south beach is get take out from Joe's, take it back home and sit on the balcony and have a feast while listening to the waves... the stone crabs are to die for, raw oysters,  fresh fish and the sides are yum yum.
This may sound like a dumb statement, but I think it's best to stick to the stone crab when eating here.  Don't get me wrong, all the food here is great.  I just found myself eating a pretty good fish sandwich the other day, but then quickly realized while watching other people all around me cracking those delicious claws that I should have just splurged and gotten the stone crabs.  I like to supplement those tasty crabs with some warm seafood bisque and I'm good to go.
This was the greatest idea ever.  It's like being able to take home a piece of heaven with you.
Yes, this is where I go when I want to get fancy.  Not that it is a fancy place but I usually visit on the weekends and order some stone crabs and eat them out on the beach.  Heaven.  The mustard sauce for the crab is also amazing.  The only draw back to eating stone crabs on the beach is the F*ing Sea Gulls, Jeez those birds are like sea rats.  But thats not the point, I would still not discourage anyone from this sometime ritual, I partake in.  They have to die for chocolate covered strawberries, that I do not recomend to eat out on the beach (they melt) but the key lime is good.  I just love this place.
One of the best in Miami. Love it! Decent prices, good service and incredible tasty and fresh food!
ah-mazing! ok i went next door and the line for being seated was so intense.. i've never seen anything like it! so we went next door to the the take away the only wait is the line to order which was not bad and then in two snaps you get the fantastically delicious food that is served next door. you can get a bottle of tasty wine for crazy cheap and just have a seat and enjoy. so easy so delicious and no fuss. AMEN ! Food info: Not a fan of the mango ceviche, I've had better, it was kind of mushy and not very tasty but thats ok because the seafood bisque, oh my my! Stone crabs hand down the best and I always love raw oysters. They really keep it fresh up in this place.
I loved this placed for take away. It was great with high quality ingredients. I had a lobster roll with huge chunks of delicious meat. Get it to go, and go have a picnic on the beach!
I wish they did not have to close down for the summer :( The restaurant closes because stone crab is out of season, but the takeaway spot offers so much more than stone crab!  Service is very quick, even when they are slammed. Food is amazing and the entire staff is very kind, knowledgeable and professional.  October through late April...check them out! Pricing is reasonable, as well.
Joe's Take Away is closed until October 11 to reopen.  Please update the Business Hour status.
Have been to JTA about a dozen times in the past 5-6 years. One mediocre dish (the conch side salad, was tough and chewy, like old wrigley's gum). Otherwise, everything is excellent. Stone crab--none better. The soups, bread, all great. Two things they do better than just about any restaurant: hash-brown potatoes and apple pie. This is also just about your only option for getting food from Joe's if you don't live in town (and are a regular--regular tipper, I mean--next door at the big house).
Joe's Take Away!!  We were visiting Miami Beach and heard that Joe's Stone Crab was a must.  Unfortunately....(fortunately!), they were closed for lunch on Sunday, so we ate at Joe's Take Away, basically their  next door to-go version of the restaurant with the same exact food.   When you walk in, there are tables for dining, stone crab claws on display, The staff there was extremely helpful and friendly.  One of the men cracking the claws recommended which size we should order, mentioning that the jumbo claws (way more expensive) did not taste better, just bigger.  Also there were other seafoods on display as well.  The people taking our order were just as courteous and friendly.   Since the main restaurant was closed, we were able to sit in their outdoor garden/dining area with fountain!  There was a "server" there that provided us with wine glasses and opened our bottle of wine.   How great that we got to have a "picnic" outside, which we could not have done had the main restaurant been open for lunch.   For the food, stick to the stone crabs....I usually do not like crab served cold, but these are so yummy and delicious, i think they are better cold!.... highly recommended.  Not sure they can compete with the Dungenous crab, but they are both in different worlds.  Here are quick one line reviews for other items that were ordered (I didn't eat all of this by myself!): soup of the day, crab gumbo was good but nothing special and actually felt like a vegetable soup with some crab pieces......lobster reuben had an overall excellent verdict with huge chunks of lobster and yum sauerkraut.........steak sandwich not bad, but i would pass on; nothing to write home about here......pasteurized half shell oysters, don't know why they are pasteurized, havent heard of this before.  They were fresh and a good size; definitely happy/satisfied with them.........potato salad, one of the best i've ever had!! I usally avoid this dish due to the mayonaisse, but it was so good!............steamed asparagus, something you can make at home, but a good balance to all the seafood we had! Overall, it's agreed that this place is a must; you cannot find these cute, tasty crab claws anywhere else!!!
Joes with no wait! Love the fuss free way to enjoy my favorite stone crab claws and lobster salad! The seafood bisque is amazing. The service is never a disappointment.
nice spacious place at the south of south beach. a lot of seafood to choose from, i had lobster roll, very good. very nice experience
Why can't all restaurants serve food of this quality? I took home the medium crab claws and a slice of apple pie. It's the best food I've had in a VERY long time! It's somewhat pricey, but you get what you pay for with quality food. At least at Joe's.
I love Stone Crab season mainly because it means that Joe's Take Away is open. This is the best pre/post beach meal you could ask for. The location is great and they now have a dedicated parking area across the street for Joe's customers only. They have also expanded their seating area which makes it much easier to find a table. The only thing that I don't like about this place is that you order food in one area and then order your drinks at another. There is also a separate register to order coffee and desserts. It would make more sense to do all of your ordering in one place but I'm sure they have it set up this way for one reason or another. The Food The stone crabs are amazing. They are always fresh and of the highest quality. The mustard dipping sauce that they come with is amazing and it pairs very well with the fresh lemon. When I go and decide not to eat the stone crabs, there are quite a few things that I really love on the menu. For appetizer I love he conch fritters. They are a good size, meaty, well seasoned, and come with the best tartar sauce I've had. The seafood bisque is also very good. It's creamy and has big chunks of meat. They also pack a couple of different rolls with your order that are great for dipping in the bisque. For the entree I usually get either the blackened grouper sandwich, the lobster ruben, or the lobster roll. You can't go wrong with any of those choices. For dessert, I almost always order the key lime pie. In my opinion it's the best Key Lime Pie around. But order it at the beginning of your meal because it usually comes out almost frozen. By the time you eat your meal, it should be completely thawed. The chocolate chip cookie is huge and good, the black and white cookie is good, and the apple pie is very good as well. These are just a few of the things that I have personally tried but everything in there looks delicious. The freshly prepared salads, shrimp cocktail, crab legs, among other things all should be worth your while. Joe's Take Away is your best alternative to actually going to Joe's restaurant. You can have pretty much all of the regular menu items without having to get all dressed up and wait hours for a table. You also get to eat all of this great food and don't have to pay a waiter a huge tip at the end of the meal.
I order a couple of things here: the lobster reuben and the grouper sandwich.  The lobster was $17 and the grouper sandwich was $13.  While there is free self-parking, I think it is safe to say it isn't available usually.  The wait was around 20 minutes.  The lobster reuben was excellent hence the 4 stars.  I would recommend here for  a nice dinner.
I love this place. It offers a large variety of delicious foods at an affordable price. Portions are great and it's quick and easy. Deserts are yummy too!
Great Place. Go almost everyday, but they are closed for the summer. May 15th-Oct 15th, 2011.  Regular Joe's Stone Crabs is open until June 30th, and they close up also.
Great takeout food; not sure if you can find better in Miami.   I had the salmon cake, vegetable dumplings, german chocolate cake, and key lime pie.  All were well above average for takeout, but probably below the quality I'd expect from a moderate restaurant (better prices though!)  I rated it 4 stars originally, but in retrospect, both desserts were fantastic, and push it up to 5. Pros: Get moderately priced yummy food to take home and eat without being hassled by a waiter every few minutes.   Cons: It's still takeout, so while it isn't *quite* the quality at a restaurant, it's cheaper and more convenient.
Excellent operation.  Stone crabs, fried chicken, salads etc.  All as good as it can get.  Not the full Joe's menu but close.  Not the Joe's experience but not one thing wrong except...the coffee isn't so good.
Only had the key-lime pie at this place and it was awesome.  Kinda pricely but very, very, good.  You can order the pies FedExed to you next day.  They start at about $66/pie and then down to $44/pie for two and about $33/pie if you get three.
I love Joe's Take Away! Their crab cake sandwich is so delicious. The fried chicken, amazing. The stone crab are so yummy that I want to leave work right now to go pick some up. The take away is a much more casual lunch or dinner than the main restaurant with a lot of the same options from the main menu and the service is great too. The bussers that come around to clean up are always so friendly and quick to clean up after the last guest and they're more than happy to help you with any questions you may have. I love that you can buy a bottle of wine with your meal, it's like you're dining at home because it's casual yet cozy and charming. I love recommending Joe's Take Away to all my friends, families & strangers :)
one word.    AWESOME !
I love this little add on to Joe's.  No crowd, no wait for a great piece of key lime pie.  Very casual atmosphere.  I didn't remember the seating area being so large last time I was there- 6 years ago.  Definitely worth stopping by if you don't have a full night to eat at Joe's.
This is redemption for my Joe's Stone Crab review.  Medium claws cost $3 less per claw than at Monty's "happy hour".  Seafood Bisque was excellent and the Key Lime Pie was as good as I remembered.  I stuck with the good stuff and loved every part of it.  Still stand by review of Joe's Stone Crab though.
A Miami staple. The stone crabs live up to their hype. I have gone here a couple times when visiting friends in Miami. Every time I am satisfied with the food.
Now this place is going to cost you but you need to try their stone crab claws and crab cakes.  Amazing.  For desert you must try their key lime pie.  We have kids now and knew we couldn't make the restaurant happen for dinner so we hit this place up for lunch to get our Joe's fix.  You need to try this place if you want to dress more casual and still get the taste of Joe's.  A must try if you are in South Beach.
The seafood here is so fresh, you don't even need to use the dipping sauce. The stone crabs were good, but the oyster shooters were even better! Lobster was disappointing because the meat was too tough, so I would skip the lobster and just get shrimp (very good fresh) next time. Never leave here without having their delicious key lime pie, or take it to-go.
Aww man. Everything at this place is yummy. I had a fluffy spinach garlic side and fresh stone crab claws. The bread pudding was the best I've ever had.
Bizarre experience, great food, but very strange. It's like a market with a bar and some tables where you can eat if you'd like, which we did. Saw the bar and asked the man behind it if we can seat ourselves, he just said yes and so we did. Took him forever to give us menus, to take our order, didn't offer a beverage, had to walk over to another area w bottled drinks where we paid separately. He comes over to take our order but not before slamming the specials down in front of us and not giving us a second to look at them. As far as the food goes I got a salad w ranch, the ranch was good, much different than your average ranch dressing. Also got fried green tomatoes. They were very good, a big portion too. But I wish they had come w some kind of sauce to contrast the flavor. Bf got stone crab claws which were delicious. We didn't bother asking the waiter about any dessert since as soon as we ordered the food he handed us the check. So the food was good but it was just a strange experience w the waitstaff.
For me, this is the best way to experience Joe's, which is a mandatory Miami experience. Select stone crabs, a pound of peel and eats, an order of Joe's world famous slaw, and a slice of the incomparable key lime pie would leave any pair of diners thoroughly enthused.
I was totally stoked to try this restaurant after all the great reviews... only after checking out the website and walking to the address, we found out it was closed. BOO! Not impressed even if the seafood is good when it's open.
The best takeout fish sandwich in Miami/Miami Beach. Otherwise the same menu as inside. You may have to wait a bit for it to be made, and there are only a few seats, so be prepared to eat elsewhere. I like to walk over to the channel and wave to the throngs on the cruise ships.
The best key lime pie you'll ever find. Enough said.
Service is angry with attitude.  Cashier ignored a question like she didn't hear it, then acted like it was annoying her to take our order.  This place is renown in SOBE and only open 6 months a year so I guess they can get away with it.  Or it could be just dealing with the big sunglass, high maintenence SOBE season crowd all day (meaning I kind of understand, but not really) = 1 star.  Ambiance is clean, light, lively, dirtbag free and nice = 4 stars.  Food is pretty damn good = 5 stars. Averaging 3 stars...
First five star rating I ever give and it for a take away place? This place is deserving of 5 stars for tons of reasons. The service is lovely ! the people there are so nice and always are ready to recommend something. It's clean and nicely decorated I've gone twice.... Last time I ordered a seafood bisque and had a keylime pie!!! Excellent fom start to finish :)
I went to Miami for vacation and i knew i had to come here before i left... the seafood here was amazing!!!! I live in California and am no stranger to seafood however the stone crab here was amazing... worth every penny and to be honest the price is worth what you are getting and the quality... plus any restaurant you go to in Miami will pretty much rape your wallet so might as well get what you pay for... Like Tyler Florence said this is the best thing i ever ate related to seafood!
Great selection of fresh seafood.  Everything was excellent.  Great if you're solo and want to enjoy some Joe's without waiting for a seat in the restaurant... also great for lunch.
We ordered the stone crab claws, lobsters, oysters, tuna ceviche, conch salad, crab cakes, hash browns, chicken and fried calamari.  We wanted to try as much as possible.  The food there was okay.  The lobster was not fresh.  The crab cakes was really good since there was a lot of meat in it.  The tuna ceviche was my favorite.
They were really nice in letting me sample the seafood bisque and the chicken soup. Both were absolutely excellent and the bisque was extremely flavorful and had great consistency. I didn't get them however because I wanted to try the crab or lobster and key lime pie. The lobster roll was very flavorful but maybe a bit pricey for what you get.  The key lime pie was delicious if you like it very tartlike.
Wonderful selection of well-prepared food. Great service. Prices are high but it is South Beach, so what do you expect? Love it for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Finding a good place to eat on South Beach is like finding the pot at the end of the rainbow. Well, I've found it.
Whats else can i say but this place, Rocks! If you are looking for a deal, this is Not it.
I don't know that there is a better place to eat in Miami. Lobster roll was fantastic - wasn't sure it would be worth the $18 price tag, but it was. The stone crab claws were delicious as well & very fresh. Great place to spend the day or take w/ to the nearby park pointe.  All in all - can't wait to go back & try additional items.
It's amazing! The soups, the salads, the sandwiches, the drink options for a casual sit down.
Been going here for over 20 years.  Big downhill slide over the last two years. Pros:  Take Away is very reasonably priced!  The stone crabs (when fresh--they served us frozen ones once last year!) are fabulous.  The mustard sauce is amazing.  The fried chicken is great and very inexpensive, as are a lot of the other non-crab items. Cons:  Corners are being cut lately.  They served us frozen crab (and admitted it).  The whipped cream is now store-bought canned crap.  The key lime pie recipe is different and what used to be one of the best KL pies around is now not worth the calories--it doesn't have the key lime tang, doesn't taste fresh, and is half crust.  The fries used to be hand cut and now they're frozen out of a bag. At the end of the day, it's good if you're in the neighborhood, but not worth a drive.
Lobster roll was incredible, although pricy, around $20. The rice pudding I had for dessert was out of this world - one of the best foods I've ever had. Go here, eat, you'll understand!
We went with the seafood combination that had a bit of everything that I'd need to try down in South Florida. This included, half pound FL Lobster, 2 Stone crab claws, 3 oysters, and a handful of pink shrimp. We also decided to go with a Key Lime Pie on the side. We we told that Joe's seafood was known for their stone crabs, so I had to try them. To be honest here, I have never had stone crabs, so this is only a measure in comparison to other types of crabs I had. I will update my review on that once I've tried another place known for their stone crabs as well. My initial impression of it wasn't a great one. I didn't really taste much to the crab but the texture. Compare to other crabs, it wasn't sweeter. It did taste very clean though, maybe a little too clean - which might have eliminated any potential crab flavors. This went the same for the Lobster and the oysters. Those are some that I'm quite familiar with. The finishes that I had with them was a very slight soap/detergent taste - very CLEAN. Again, some people might like that, I prefer to be able to taste my seafood. The pink shrimp however was good. They were able to preserve the flavor in them. Lastly, the Key Lime Pie. I enjoyed it a lot. Then again, it's my first time having it. You would think being 20+ years on earth I would have tried it, but no, I haven't. I did however have several versions of a Key Lime Cheesecake, and if I can use that as a comparison, then it was great. It had just the right amount of tang and tart with a melt in your mouth texture. Even for a "take out" the service was very friendly and attentive. If you can't get reservations next door, I would consider this a better option without feeling so uptight. The price for the combo is pretty fair, a bit better than having to pay $5 a claw otherwise. If I had the opportunity to stay a little longer in Miami, I would definitely consider trying other places that serve this to do a comparison.
Joe's Take Away is one of my favorite spots in Sobe.  If I don't want to wait for two hours and just want to pop in for a jumbo order of claws, this is the only place to go.  I have been eating Joe's since I was a little girl, now that I live in South Beach, I can't pass up any opportunity for a quick lunch at Joe's Take Away!
I live in cleveland and own a large restaurant that employs 50 and seats 450 I have a condo three blocks from  joes take out This is hands down the best dollar for dollar restaurant in sofi I could go on and on about way this is so As in my own restaurant when we get one or two stars instead of the usual 4.5 we get I have to put it down to the fact that there are perpetually unhappy impossible to please people out there Only negative for joes take out is please put on your lobster bisque more as a special it is the best I have ever had My thanksgiving dinner as always will be takeout stone crabs and bisque on our balcony overlooking the Atlantic  with no turkey in sight
Stone crab...seafood....tasty sides. What else can you ask for?..that's basically what you get at Joe's Take away. And even though it says "take away" they definitely have enough tables to eat there. Plus the place is really clean and all the workers are super friendly. They were quick to clean your table and answer any questions that you had. Overall, the food was GOOD and fresh. We almost ordered everything, b/c we wanted to try it all. Their bisques were soo buttery and filling that you had to share it., cream spinach mouth watering and seafood was just YUM. Will recommend this place to people and will go back if I ever go back to Miami.
This is truly one of South Beach's hidden gems.  You can have everything from coffee, breakfast, lunch, dinner, and desert here.  They open early for breakfast and b/w 9-10pm depending on the week night.  You have all the fan fare of eating at Joe's but no wait for a table.   My personal favorite are running in for some Coffee in the AM and when I want to splurge I get an egg white omelet(you can add 3 items to the omelet, even stonecrab when you want to go crazy, LOL.  Of course with a side of bacon, hmmm bacon!  On special occasion I have been know to take the wifey and we both get a breakfast item, share a side (Bacon of course) and we split an order of medium claws.  Now that's a breakfast of champions. Now for lunch, I'm usually in a hurry b/c I have to get back to work.  So I usually get one of their daily specials, a lobster roll, hamburger (Their burger is great), they also have a killer fried chicken with one of Joe's famous sides!  If I come with a friend we usually share one of their killer soups (Tip, they let you try the soups before you buy them).  On the rare occasion I'm not stuffed from lunch I like to get a slice of their famous Key Lime Pie!! Believe it or not I've never eaten dinner here, I've always just ran in and gotten some claws to surprise the wife and kids at home. All around a hidden gem.  Definitly need to check it out when in Sobe.  I've even been known when actually on the sand to run over and get some stone crabs for a snack and eat them in the sand!!!
Five stars for a takeout place? YES.  Stone crab claws, conch fritters, cole slaw, etc. are great takeout food and Joe's Take Away does them superbly. There is seating there or you can wander a couple steps down to the park nearby.  It's about half the price of the sitdown resto next door, and about 4x the value. Go here.
Tremendous quality AND tremendous value in an otherwise very expensive neighborhood. Thank goodness for Joe's Take Away...it has become my favorite haunt while I am spending the month in the posh SoFi section of SoBe....everything here is top quality and delicious--yet reasonably priced. Much more casual than the adjoining world famous, full service restaurant next door--however, Joe's Take Away caters to many locals and is a screaming bargain. For breakfast, the best nova lox, onions, scrambled eggs I have EVER had and the oatmeal and multigrain breads are top notch. Throw in free coffee and free refills and it is one helluva value...but wait, they are open for lunch and dinner. Last night I had a perfectly grilled, steakhouse quality, 10 ounce sirloin hamburger for $ 9.95 that was delicious (same burger, if offered at nearby Red's would have easily cost more than double that)....great lobster reuben sandwiches as well. In a section of town where I know I am paying a tourist tax and every fifth car is seemingly a Rolls or Bentley, it is nice to have such a great place as this--now I understand why the locals miss this place when it shuts down at the end of May.
We love joe's take away!! We've dined in the restaurant a few times but 1. It's more expensive and 2. the wait can be a while, so we usually just eat next door. We always get the medium size crab, seafood bisque, and the house salad with blackened mahi. If you are more laid back go to joes take away instead, It's a MUST when your in south beach.
Very disappointed in breakfest this morn as joes take away has been one of my favs forever but when I spend 20 for breakfast I don't won't a dried out over cooked egg dish and stale black and white cookie not joe standard at all
Best way to have Joe's without having to wait. Food is exceptional and a Miami staple!
I rated Joes 3 stars to be fair. Stone crabs were just ok. I'll keep it simple. They are frozen claws and wont tell you unless you ask. Trickery. These have been frozen for 5 months. Enough said.
Lobster Reuben and Stone Crabs...nuff said!
One of my favorite places to grab a quite bite.  It's very well run.  Delicious food and friendly staff.  It's fancy i.e. high quality food and nice atmosphere.  However, you don't need to waited upon.  Someone is standing nearby to clean up after you though.   My favorite?- stone crab, of course.  However, you must try their apple and key-lime pies.  They are THE best.     P.S. They are only open from October to the of May each year.  There is a parking lot cross the street specially for Joe's.  No charge.
Great place for breakfast! Food is consistently delicious and their coffee is wonderful. Both the staff & service are always top notch. They really go out of their way to make the customer feel at home. After the major renovation, there's lots of room both inside and on those rare cooler days, there's also a smaller outside patio area.
Best lobster roll ever!!!  I mean my mouth is still watering just thinking about it and I was there two weeks ago.  The lobster roll is enough of a reason for me to come back to Miami.  The bread is toasted and buttery and the lobster inside is just plain fabulous.   My friends and I also shared an order of stone crab claws.  I have never had stone crab before, but I thought it was very good.  Yes, all of the food is pricey but the lobster roll is definitely worth it.  Plus sharing the stone crab claws made it easier on my budget.
went here back in april when my friend and i were craving some crab.  We had lunch here and got some stone crab to share, calamari, salad and some key lime pie.  Everything was amazing.  It was my first time having stone crab and I really really enjoyed it!  although a little pricy, I highly recommend this place and I would like to visit again.
What is there to say about Joe's which hasn't already been iterated? I'll keep it simple. Breakfast is bomb. Grits, benedicts, omlettes. Do it. Standouts for lunch: Crab Cake sandwich, Lobster Roll, blackened mahi-mahi sandwich, turkey chili, baked goods (including many which are gluten-free!). Fried chicken is $5.95. They have cheerwine and diet cheerwine. It's the most delicious soda ever made. I don't like soda, but this ish is like crack it's so good. Don't be afraid of Joe's. This Miami institution is actually quite affordable and welcoming.
Crab place in Miami to get crab. The portions are perfect for the hungry and you can either sit in and eat or take it away. Either way, its great!
This is a restaurant and carry-out that is attached to the famous Joe's Stone Crabs. The place is cafeteria style: you place the order, get a number and pick up your order when the number is called. The best thing about this place is there is NO WAIT; the main restaurant is known to have a huge wait, even with reservations it can be an hour to three hour wait. The food is just as excellent as the main restaurant. There are plenty of seats plus there is a huge bar in the middle if you want to eat and drink there. We ordered 2 burgers, and 2 orders or stone crabs (one select, and on medium). We always get select but the girl behind the counter showed us that the mediums look almost like the selects; she was right but the taste for some reason is still not the same; the selects are always the way to go. We were going to get a couple of glasses of wine but the price of a bottle was so reasonable that we couldn't refuse; a bottle of pino grigio was $12 versus a glass which was $8. We got there at 7p.m. on Tuesday night to find there was no line at all and most tables empty. By the time we left though there was a line and people were waiting for tables to become available.
Well, i must say that I was a little disappointed and I believe it was partially my fault.  I was really expecting something fantastic but i think i ordered the wrong items. We came in during lunch on a saturday.  We ordered the cold seafood platter (crab, lobster, shrimp, oyster).  I knew the dish would be cold but it felt like the food specifically the lobster was cooked yesterday and stored over night.  Not that it tasted foul but when we got our ordered, the lobster shell and crabs had lots of congealed juice/butter/fat/ice.  That is not what i had envisioned nor wanted.  Though cold, the lobster was a bit on the tough side but tasted fine.  The crab claws tasted great and the oysters and shrimp was fresh.  Only thing was...no sauce with the shrimp or oyster (maybe its a florida thing).  We also had the lobster bisque, very good but not great.  Salty and should come with bread not cracker pieces. From my single experience it was just "3 star".  I definitely want to try it again, order something different or check out the "real" Joe's.  That's my 2 cents.  Take it for what its worth.
I went there today, because I wanted to reserve and pay for stone crab for Christmas. I was told they do not hold anything , which is acceptable.  What it's not acceptable is  that they talked to me like I was such a pain in the ass for asking a simple question. I bought a lobster roll for my husband and he hated it.  The heart of palm and peppadew  salad tasted so much like vinegar that my palate puckered. The customer service is the most dreadful I experienced in all of Miami Dade County. To top it off there was this awful woman sampling wine.  I asked her if I could try it and she snapped: 'It's right in front of you, can't you see it?'.
I had been to Joe's in Vegas but never in Miami.  When we headed to dinner there we realized were dressed kind of casual and didn't want to wait 1 1/2 hours for a table at the resturant.  So we went next door to Take Away and had our food in 15 minutes!  It was the same food, we just had to pick it up and sit at a booth. We ended up next to some NFL or NBA players I think (judging from what some fans said when they went over to them to say hi).
A+ today,  I ordered a turkey Swiss cheese burger with sweet potato fries and a chicken soup. The burger was topped with sauteed mushrooms and onions upon request with a sweet buttery bun. 10 minutes before closing the line is full of people ordering before they close. Big step up from the last time!  I will be back soon
We ordered take out..Stone Crabs, Crab Cakes and lots of dessert. I've never tried Stone Crab before. It was tasty. I really liked the crab cakes and their dessert. For dessert, we ordered the key lime pie, my favorite and the chocolate pecan pie.
We chose this spot over Joe's Stone Crab because there wasn't a wait here. Best lobster roll and key lime pie I've ever had! Amazing customer service. The people cleaning up set a table together for us when we came in and reserved the table for us while we waited for our food. We tipped them at the end, not sure if that was necessary, but they deserved it!!
Utterly FABULOUS !!! Not just the take away food, but the whole ambiance of this fantastic place. Great service, nice people.It may take you a few minutes to find a seat, if you want to eat in in the take away. Its just ALL GREAT ! And great merchandise as well. Sock monkeys, yummy candles, an array of tee shirts, hats, etc...A WINNER !!!!
Wonderful food. Great staff. A great place to go for crab. Make sure you try the house salad too. A nice place to spend a quiet evening with friends. The crab cakes were amazing. Just keep in mind they are only open for dinner until October and do not start seating until 6.
I had the special...a tuna burger with wasabi mayo and wonton chips...very good. Not the best food after a night drinking. I had the famed crab claws. Soooo good!!! Love the sauce that come with it!!! I was floored by the price...a little too pricey for my taste but worth it. My friends and I tried to get in the restaurant the night before...but we booked it when we heard there was a 2 HR wait!!!!!!!!!!
Ver fresh seafood but overpriced. Also everything is little too salty.
I am giving Joe's Take Away a top rating. However, the food excluded (which was topflight), I was unconfortable to start there with an atmosphere of suspicion with our unfamiliarity as we got our bearing with the protocol and menu. My wife did not notice it, or the policeman stationed behind the counter. My imagination may have been overactive, but I was somewhat unconfortable by this ambience. There were some odd types that made their way in and out of there. Again, the crab was topflight. The cole slaw was awesome and so were the sweet potato fries we had. I understand the short comings now that I know that  they are a multi city production. It was worth the discomfort, and if anyone from Joe's Take Away is reading this, I would cherish the opportunity to have the food the next time we are in South Beach which I hope is soon.
This is a fantastic alternative to the original Joe's . You order at a counter from their deliciously famous menu and then proceed to a drink counter and order there your choice of poison. After that , take a seat and wait for your number to be called and you can take it to go or sit and enjoy it there. I ordered the select stone crabs along with my aunt and uncle. We also got an order of small skinny sweet potato fries.   The claws were yummy yummy and full of meat. I blinked and before I knew it my uncle had taken one of my claws ! Thief. Anyways, the claws were delicious and fresh. The fries were just as good! The bread was good. Except the onion bread is not my favorite, don't expect to kiss anyone after scarfing that down. After stuffing our faces with crab, we opted for the famous joes keylime pie and a pumpkin cheesecake. The Keylime was to die for and worth every calorie! The cheesecake was just as delicious. I left feeling 20 pounds heavier but satisfied. Delicious and no need to wait forever like ok the normal Joes! Plus you can come here on flip flops . Super casual!
This place is amazing!! Stone crab is fresh and tasty, and the lobster sandwich...mmm.... everything is delicious and well worth of what you pay for!!
I was so excited for Joe's but I left feeling very disappointed. I am glad I tried it but this place is really over rated. The 3 stars are just for their delicious lobster roll which I will most definitely be back for since the only other place I know with a great lobster roll is in Key west. The stone crab was okay, I really don't see the big deal they were such a mess to eat. Finally the key lime pie tasted more like key lime ice cream which I guess is not a bad thing unless you don't like ice cream like me. There was a customer following an employee around the restaurant SCREAMING at her,the police officer showed up about an hour after the incident and it was just a really uncomfortable and stressful experience for all of us eating. Maybe we just picked the wrong day to go. The place was jam packed, and the lines to order where ridiculous. maybe we should have gone next door to the actual restaurant.
For first timer's the flow and process is a bit hard to figure out. Stone Crabs and dipping sauce are fabulous and the balance of the items in the cold cases look great. Soup was very good.
Joe's Take Away broke my heart earlier this season when they hiked the price of the $2.95 one-egg breakfast dish by 25%. I love a bargain and this was one of my favorites. :( Joe's Take Away has the same menu as Joe's (except for breakfast, which isn't served at the original), yet it gets consistently a 1/4 star higher rating on Yelp than Joe's despite having a much more casual ambiance. Maybe that's its appeal, along with the lack of a long wait for a table? My favorite spot at Joe's Take Away (where I can be found having breakfast before 10:30 at least once a week) is its deep green marble counter, just an arm's length away from the free coffee refills, and at a perfect height to see all the fabulous SoFi people that hang out here. I've also come here to share Joe's Key Lime pie with friends too impatient to wait for a table over at the mothership. Despite being served in a take-out box, it is just as good as the real deal next door. Overall, I love the convenience of Joe's, and although Take Away doesn't have waiter service (you order at the register and they deliver to your table via a number system), the speed and quality of the service is of comparable quality with the original. If they brought back my one-egg for $2.95 deal, this would be a 5-star rating. That' s my only gripe. Joe's Take-Away is consistent, high-quality, and enjoyable for its more casual atmosphere. **Also try the Miami Beach Omelet for breakfast - with stone crab meat!
The stonecrab was fantastic! Thank goodness Joe decided to have this take away section otherwise I wouldn't have gotten the chance to enjoy their food.  I tried to go to the dine in side but they wouldn't let me in cause I was in my slippers and shorts!! Make sure you are dressed up if you want to get in the dine in side!
Awesome experience as usually. First night of season and it was business as usually at Joes -Fried Chicken...spot on for $5.95 -Conch Fritters....not my favorite item but done well and great portion. -2 orders large claws. Tasty!!!! Service a bit slow, got apps before the drinks. We don't rush so no biggie, but as a restaurant owner I want the drinks down ASAP.....just sayin....
Love the take-out counter (as opposed to the restaurant). Love to come and order breakfast (crab cakes eggs benedict are great) or lunch (stone crabs) and walk to South Pointe Park for a picnic. Still pricey, but much better bang for your buck than the restaurant next door.
Strong recommend! Fresh food, reasonable prices compares to restaurants on Ocean street. We had large order king crab claw, 2 lobster roll meals with drinks cost less than $100. This is a formal dine in restaurant. Not take out restaurant.
I've wanted to come to Joe's Take Away ever since I saw Giada De Laurentiis from the Food Network visit here on her show. It's also on her website as one of her favorite places in Miami. It is now mine as well! She was right, the famous Stone Crab and Key Lime Pie were SOOO GOOD!!!!! The Stone Crab is served with an amazing Mustard Sauce, Clarified Butter, and 2 kinds of Sweet Bread. Being from the West Coast, I definitely prefer the Stone Crab over the Alaska King Crab. It's much easier to eat. We also ordered the Shrimp Cocktail, Sirloin Burger, and the Steak Sandwich. The pieces of Shrimp were huge, as was the Sirloin Burger. The Steak Sandwich was tasty, but it all didn't compare to the Stone Crab. By the time you finish your food, the Key Lime Pie should be perfect for eating, creamy and delicious. It was the best I had in Florida! Driving to Orlando from Key West I couldn't stop thinking about Joe's, so we made a special detour back to South Beach. It was worth it!!!!!
Went for the grand opening in October 2013. It was so busy, but my order was ready quickly. I ordered a bottle of champagne, but when I went to the stand by the bar they advised it was only for a glass. Basically , the cashier didn't hear me as clearly as I would have liked... I had the glass of champagne while waiting for my food which was ready before I could finish most of the glass. That was my only complaint about this visit. I had the medium stone crabs (heavenly), lyonnaise potatoes (good), and an order of oysters... Since I'm a beginner with oysters, I couldn't eat any of them since they were way bigger than I would of liked (not deducting for that). Definitely, a better food experience than last time, but the cashier could have paid more attention when I was ordering.
Oh. My. God. I think I've died and gone to heaven. I could try to explain my experience here, but I'm sure anything I write would be doing Joe's an injustice. Now I've eaten at some bomb places in my life, but Joe's is definitely up there. It's so good, I'd request it as my last meal if I were going to be executed. Yup. I'm not messing around. SO good, that I'd give up 10 orgasms for one plate of their medium size claws and a cup of their lobster bisque. SOOOOO effing good, that I probably would have broken up with any one of my ex boyfriends if I was promised a year's worth of lunches or dinners from here. If you're in Miami, this place is a MUST. It's not pretentious. You can wear your sandals and tank tops to the takeaway, which is much more casual, faster, and with just as great of a vibe as the restaurant next door. Stone crab are native to the east coast (from what I hear), so it won't be coming to California anytime soon, and even if it does, I doubt it would be as fresh and wonderful as it is here, so have your fill! I think I ate until my stomach felt like it was going to explode, and I'd do it all over again.
I didn't want to like it here, it's expensive.  I did though, I really did like it!  I would do it again too!!
It's good but please people, $36.95 for 8 medium stone crab claws is highway robbery.  I have been a customer for years but the annual increase in prices makes Joe's not on my to-do list anymore.  I am not even going to get into the scene at the restaurant, the wait and trying to get seated.  Basically it's how much cash you give as to when you are seated.  Again, great food but so not worth it  for something that you can get elsewhere for so much less money and hassle.  On the good side, I love their lyonaise potatoes and mustard dipping sauce.  I'll go back in my next life when I come back a millionaire.
Late night arrival to our condo so no reservations for dinner.  We walked to Joe's Crab and after looking at the line for a table and the prices on the menu we decided we weren't dressed for the adventure.  The Hostess recommended Joe's Take Away next door.  It's their version of a fast food restaurant on crack.  It's a bit confusing how you're supposed to order, but we figured it out and had a quick lobster roll sandwich at a fraction of the price compared to the Mother ship next door.  It was perfect for us!
Sampled Joe's Take Away (ate at the counter) two times in last two months since the line Joe's restaurant next door was too long.  Shockingly bad!  "Select" size stone crabs were stringy and lacked the fresh taste they should have.  The seafood platter was horrible.  Oysters on half-shell were dry, obviously having been shucked long before we ordered.  Shrimp was okay but the half-lobster was a disgrace -- WAY overcooked and hard as a rock.  I suspect it was frozen though we were told it was not.  On the plus side, there was an excellent and inexpensive wine selection.  The German bartender was friendly and helpful.  We will not return here for seafood.  We've had infinitely better stone crabs in the area, most recently at Fifi's in North Beach (see my separate review).
Perfection and a SoBe MUST for locals and tourists. Venue: (5/5) next door to the main restaurant with tables and a bar to sit at.  Mostly locals and well informed tourists. Usually short waits for a table (first come first serve).  In my mind...what else can you ask for. Food; (5/5) Medium stone crabs (extra mustard sauce!  Key lime!!!!! Service (5/5) they have it down to a science. Tip: wine is in a separate section from the food.
It was our last day in Miami, and my friend had been hearing rave reviews about Joe's Stone Crab and wanted to check it out. Unfortunately, it looked pretty crowded for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Upon further examination, we saw that they had a dress code, and since we were on our way to the beach, we were pretty sure that our attire wouldn't fit the bill. A blessing in disguise: Joe's Take Away next door! Our food was cheaper, ready in minutes, and we had no trouble getting a booth right by a window to remind us that the weather was sunny and 80 degrees, even in January. I had the crab cake sandwich and my friend had the crab salad on a roll. We split an order of sweet potato fries. The crab was so fresh and delicious in both sandwiches, and although we were initially wary of the cinnamon and sugar on the sweet potato fries, we couldn't stop eating them! The portions were also so generous that I wasn't hungry again until after my plane touched down back in NY later that evening.
Plain and Simple... This place is Awesome.  It's pricier but the quality of Stone Crab is Top Shelf.  My go to's are the Medium Select Stone Crabs, The shrimp ceviche, Grouper Sammy, and of course the Key Lime Pie.  Top that off with a bottle of white wine and your good to go.   As an ex-local of Miami Beach for over 6 years, I am truly blessed that I can now afford to take my girlfriend back to my old stomping grounds once a year for vacation, and we pretty much eat there daily during our entire stay.  She is a huge fan now and we look forward to eating Stone Crabs at Joe's everytime we visit. Advice: Skip the Restaurant, and go with Take Away. You can still eat at the bar or the tables.
joe's has the world's best key lime pie... period food is way overrated though, and the fact they don't take reservations is annoying. based on their pie alone though, they deserve 6 stars, and I'm not a guy that likes sweets very much even.
Need crabs?  A great crab cake sandwich paired with a yummy cab. Women at the wine bar provided outstanding service.
Overrated & overpriced! Nice and fresh seafood but we have much better lobster roll in NYC! Stone crab claws were $$$$, they were good but did not blow me away with the price that I paid.
Great quality, great service and when you need to have some good seafood without the restaurant wait time or for take out...this is the place! Desserts are dangerously good...! Its a must go..!
Definitely a place to check out from time to time. Joe's is a legendary place here in South Florida where if you love seafood you are definitely going to feel right at home. Joe's Take Away is actually, in my opinion, even more convenient than the main restaurant. This is simply because if you go to the main restaurant you need to arrive quite early to get seated, and if I remember correctly they do not even do reservations. In any case though, Joe's Take Away has all the great food and the luxuries of the main restaurant without the hassle. You can't really go wrong... From the Crab-cakes to the Stone Crab to the Tuna Sandwich, I highly recommend you try it sometime. The desserts are also amazing, especially the Chocolate Mousse Cake. Yum... Also even though it is typically for take-out, the last couple of times I have gone we were lucky enough to get a table in the outer area and eat in the area. On a side note, the employees and staff are all kind and helpful from my experience. Overall, this place gets 5 stars from me.
The best Lobster roll in-town...
Thanks to other reviewers I went last night to get a takeaway - WOW!  the best $67 spent in a looong time - crab claws and clam chowder -  got home eat to the sounds of ---'mmmmmm'. This and nice glass of white wine, too much!
Unlike the real Joe's dining room itself, we had a good experience at Joe's take-out.  The only reason I went after such TERRIBLE experiences at Joe's is because my dad wanted to go seeing it's so famous. I am allergic to onions, and I really want to commend Joe's for not putting onions in everything.  I was able to eat creamed spinach, hashbrowns AND coleslaw (usually all made with onions), because Joe's didn't use or overload these into their dishes.  As some with an alicen allergy - I appreciate that VERY much! My dad ordered the chilled seafood platter and he thought the lobster was too cold (he thought it had been frozen).  I think he would have appreciated it more had it been hot, but unfortunately he didn't say anything until he was almost done.  The nice thing is the bartender asked us if he wanted it with or without oysters (it's normally served with), and my dad asked without so I think they gave him some extra seafood for the without oysters. Our sides were DELICIOUS (world class delicious) - and even though it was packed, EXTREMELY OVERPRICED, hard to find seating, ridiculous wait for the bathroom, slow service, etc. - once the food was ordered it was served pretty instantly. We had to get our own drinks (which were conveniently added to our bar tab once we picked them up).  All in all, it was a pretty good lunch for $83 (without tip) for one seafood platter, 3 sides, 1 soda, 1 beer and a slice of heavenly key lime pie. Thanks Joe's!
The lobster roll was the best $18 I ever spent.  I came back the next day to get it again, but the line was too long and I had to get to the airport.  So much about Joe's Take Away is fabulous and I have been dreaming about it ever since.
We've been here over ten times, at least, and today was the best ever.  Maybe because we came in early during the stone crab season?  In any case, we had the medium order and the crab was so sweet and fresh.   It was perfection.   We have been before when the crab is a little mealy. Today we also ordered the seafood bisque and it was heavenly, but  there was hardly any seafood in it.  Last time, there  were many more pieces of different fish. We've had breakfast here many times and enjoy the Joe's morning egg wrap a lot.  And we've tried a few of the salads and desserts But of course, the stone crab is the reason to come here It was a beautiful day on the beach, too, but unfortunately way too many moon jellyfish.......
great food. friendly staff. would def go back.
Misleading name for this place. I had avoided it in the past because I thought it was take away ONLY for Joe's Stone crab.  Well it is, but so much more.  It is an upscale and gourmet market and place to sit down or take away a delicious and very filling meal. Breakfast, lunch and dinner is served here.  The crowd is American and a lot of New Yorkers... and a very nice surprise :)Friendly staff too. Also a great value and nice breakfast spot.
Once again,  an amazing Joe's experience. I love the casual setting of Joe's Take Away.  The food is just as good as next door but without all the fuss! Must haves include:  seafood bisque, Caesar salad, stone crabs (of course), sweet potato "skinnies" and DO NOT leave without Key Lime Pie!  Enjoy!
The lobster roll was on point! The sweet potato fries were real good too. The chips that came with the lobster roll were delicious.
On spring break we wanted to take out some seafood to eat by the beach while watching the sunset and we learned about this place as a Miami stable on Yelp. I was so excited to get some fresh delicious seafood. Among the four of us we ordered clam chowder, a crab cake sandwich, the seafood special platter, sweet potato fries with cinnamon sugar, and cole slaw. The sweet potato fries were amazing. Thanks to their smell, the drive from joes to the shore was torture. My friends crab cake was also delicious. While the seafood platter which had two shrimp two oysters half a lobster and two crab legs  was as fresh as you would expect it was actually not much at all and a little disappointing for 40 dollars. But that might just be the poor college student in me talking. The cole slaw was pretty good but it came with all the ingredients separate we had to mix it ourselves and cut the tomatoes ourselves which was a hassle on the beach. If I went again I would probably get a sandwich instead like a lobster roll and definitely the sweet potato again.
Popularly referred to as a "Yelp Review Update".. Depression sets in.... Ordered a bottle of chardonnay and the medium claws...  absolutely delicious, no crab left behind meal...   Florida stone crabs are better than Maine lobster, could quite possibly be my last requested meal on earth When you finally finish eating:  depression sets in
have been back probably 4-5 more times after the first update, bfast of salmon platter, yummm ooo. dinner(s) in recent weeks or months ( time flies when youre having fun) with consisted of:  salmon cake burger w. dill sauce, awessssommme, chopped salad-loved the peanuts, skinny sweets( so sweet, prob don't keep you skinny though), medium stone crabs, cole slaw, omggg heaven on earth, first time havin stone crabs and I AM SOLD! dessert of key lime pie- the best i've ever had. always bring a piece home for mi hermana... theres a reason why there are so many great reviews on this place... its bc it never fails to fill me with gluttonous glee!
Great service, just as you would expect from Joe's! We walked in on a Sunday afternoon sure that it was going to be packed (as the restaurant usually is), but not so! Plenty of people, but also very fast service. A lot of the plates are on display so you can see what you're ordering first. We just opted for the traditional stone crab claws, along with some classic Joe's Key Lime Pie and a rice pudding. Everything was put together in less than 90 seconds at the register. Truly great service, always with a smile, and not even an eyebrow raised when we asked for a little more butter and then again for a little more a second time. Fantastic as always. Pricey? Yes. But if I'm going to get stone crabs, I want them with key lime pie, and Joe's has the best of both worlds. Save yourself the huge tip and having to wait for your food, go to the Takeaway next door, pick up some claws and pie, and go eat them at the beach for a nicer day than you'd planned.
wow. i LOVE seafood markets. while joe's isn't really a market, they do display the stone crab claws, ceviches, and shrimp cocktails on ice which i took like fifty pictures of. the interior is gorgeous, and it's right by the beach :] i came with a group, so we pigged out on several things -stone crab claws: 8 claws for ~$25. a little pricey but i split this with one other person and it was perfect! 4 claws is definitely satisfying- these claws are not small! -lobster reuben: i LOVE reuben bread! this sandwich is really cheesy and oily though. they're definitely generous on the lobster, but i prefer huge chunks of fresh lobster rather than the lobster salad type of filling, so i probably wouldn't order this next time -fries: good but i've had better. a big portion that can definitely be split among 3 or 4 people! -ceviche: a friend ordered the one with scallops, shrimp, and squid. i loved the vinegary, tangy flavor of this! -key lime pie: OMG. a perfect ending to a great meal...incredibly sour and creamy, with delicious buttery crust. it's dense and heavy, but the tangy-ness of the key lime flavor sort of balances that out i'll definitely return if i visit miami again!
Loved this experience! We were staying at the Hilton Bentley and wanted a location that was close by for a family. We knew that getting dressed up and taking our energetic 5 year old to the sit-down restaurant was out of the question, plus we didn't have reservations. But this place was perfect for us. They had an abundant menu and fair prices. My wife loved her friend conch and I loved my medium stone crabs. And my Gluten Free son was able to eat steamed shrimp. We would return again for certain.
I've been wanting to try stone crab ever since I saw pictures of those big, juicy-looking claws.  The last time I was in Florida, my plans were foiled as stone crab was out of season.  Luckily, this time around I was able to check stone crab off my list of foods to try.  Well, I love crab and seafood in general so I'm kind of an easy sell.  My husband and I shared the medium-sized portion of crab claws which tasted fresh and sweet.  It came with lots of butter, lots of lemon wedges and some rolls.  It made a really nice light lunch.  If you like crab, I'd definitely recommend Joe's Take Away.
Not sure what all the hype is. Came here ONLY to try the key lime pie. it was OK... had to take it back to the counter because it was as hard as a rock... no worries, they just microwaved it and handed it back (how much did i just pay for this??). Also had the blackened fish sandwich... blacked = fried (FYI). Went during lunch time and it was nearly impossible to find a seat, so after waiting in line to order (about 15 minutes), you will then have to play the waiting game to find a seat.
"They were off tonight...phoned takeaway order 1 hr ahead but nothing was ready upon our arrival. 45 minutes later we're checking bags and still finding items missing. They can do better. Portions were light as well."
I considered myself an awful Miami Beach resident because I had never eaten at Joe's once in my life. Yes, my name is Kathryn and I had never been to Joe's before. In my defense, I don't enjoy seafood, at all, let alone their revered stone crabs. I never thought Joe's had anything to offer that I would eat, until one fateful day. My mother had purchased Joe's for herself due to her affinity for all seafood. But, what did she so happen to have also purchased? Sweet potato fries. Now, I truly have a sweet potato problem where I absolutely love them. I think my love for sweet potato may border on obsession, but that is neither here nor there. I just had to try some of her fries and it was amazingly delicious. Come to think of it, I think I may have had an out of body experience after tasting the sweet potato fries. I immediately went to investigate Joe's Take Away menu and saw that they had a plethora of things I would love to eat. It was now my mission to try Joe's and to once again have some of my beloved sweet potato fries. Unfortunately, I had to wait 6 months to try Joe's Take Away due to the fact that when I tried the fries it was the end of stone crab season. The moment it opened up once again, I was there at Joe's eager and ready to eat. For my meal I got the fried chicken since I had heard it was very good. I was not disappointed one bit. The fried chicken was great and best of all it was only $6! I also got an order of those wonder sweet potato fries and it was like seeing a boyfriend after a long suffering separation. Joe's is a Miami Beach landmark for a reason, and the take away does not disappoint. If you can't make it to the restaurant, at least do yourself the favor and get the take away. Trust me on this, you'll thank me later.
We highly enjoyed Joe's Take Away. It offers the same delicious food as Joe's Stone Crab restaurant for much better value and much shorter wait in a more casual setting of indoor tables or take way. The 2 of us ordered a Medium order of the signature Florida stone crab claws (8 claws), seafood bisque, fried chicken, skinny fried sweet potatoes and the key lime pie. The crab was delicious, fresh and meaty, the seafood bisque very tasty with big chunks of fish, the skinny fried sweet potatoes tasty but not wow, and the key lime pie excellent. It is located just about  1/2 a block north of the family owned Stone Crab restaurant. There is free parking across the street for restaurant's customers. While the setting is casual, it is much nicer than a typical take away. A very satisfying experience.
Everyone who heard I was visiting Miami said I had to try the stone crab at Joe's. Rather than eat at the sit down restaurant which opens for lunch, then closes amd reopens for dinner, we went next door to the grab and go.  Plenty of  tables and chairs. It's a huge dining room for a grab and  go. Items ordered - *7 medium claws for $28.95 *3 Manhattan clam chowder *1 Joes's famous cole slaw *2 slices key lime pie We enjoyed everything we selected.  The stone crab was like condensed morsels. It's strictly a claw.  Its pre cracked for you.  Easy to pull out the crab meat. Sweet.  But I still think Dungeness crab in San Francisco takes the blue ribbon. Great key lime pie.  Nice graham cracker crust.  And just enough lime flavor.  Very smooth.
I have to say that going to Joe's Take Away is so much better than going to the restaurant itself.   They have made some changes at the Take Away and now you can get your lunch and sit down at a table and eat your delicious stone crabs without any fuss.  If you have been to Joe's you know that the wait can be up to 2 hours and when you sit down you feel like you are being rushed.  So the Take Away is the same food and really so easy.  Although, it can get crowded there as well,  so if you can't find a table it is a good way to get some good stone crabs and enjoy them in the comfort of your home.   The Manhattan Clam Chowder is good but it is lacking the clams.  I would prefer to have larger chunks of clams in there along with the tomato soup and veggies.  The cole slaw has a little bit of a vinegar taste but it is worth trying.   There is a good selection of food at the Take Away but I always go there for the stone crabs when they are in season.   Oh and don't forget to try the key lime pie.  It is probably the best key lime pie I have ever had.
We came here looking for a seafood place & definitely found what we were looking for. The food was pretty good. I enjoyed the seafood combo. My husband had the stone crab claws, which was good. My daughter tried the sautéed shrimp & the sauce was to die for. The only downfall is the price. We believe it is overpriced for the small portion sizes, but taste was great.
Went to Joe's take away specifically to buy pasteurized oysters.  Got them home and started to eat them.  Then discovered tiny, live crabs in them.  Called Joes and they admitted giving us the wrong oysters.  Claimed they were the ones used for frying. Gave refund, but very flippant attitude about the possible health risk of eating these oysters raw.  Now all we can do is wait to see if we get sick and if we do sue the hell out of Joes.   We will never again go there either the take out or the restaurant.
Must have the lobster roll! Make sure you don't order the lobster salad roll! One is like a salad the other is big chunks of lobster .. I can do without the sourcrout but this place is simply amazing !!
Nice for eat fish quickly at lunch break!
Standard, overpriced South Beach food.   No menu available... just wander around and guess what they have.
this was my carry-out staple while living in sobe....breakfast, lunch or dinner...everything is solid at Joe's
The bitch at the counter (and yes I said bitch) taking our order didn't even look at us or pay attention to us the whole time we ordered. She was too busy chatting with her 'home girl' about some counterfeit money that had been going around. She ended up messing up the order and I had to change a few things out with another employee when we got our food. The food itself was pretty good, no complaints, other than the fact it was $70 for a few crab claws, 2 crab cakes, and a small cup of clam chowder. Won't ever visit here again. No idea how this place has any good reviews. Gave it 2 stars because the food wasn't that bad.
Went here while staying at a nearby hotel.  The seafood bisque was tasty, but not enough chunks of meat.  The conch fritters were pretty good.  The atmosphere is nice, but the ordering line was a little overwhelming - no menus until you got to the front of the line and then we felt a little rushed.  Overall a good option, but a little pricy for a takeout place.
The fried chicken at Joe's is fantastic! I get it at the restaurant and usually get 2 orders to go along with some creamed spinach and hash browned potatoes. Additionally, the chicken is extremely reasonably priced at $5.95. The first time I got it I asked if there was a typo on my menu and the waiter explained that it was correct since Joe's believes in having something affordable for everyone. They've got my vote!!!
I normally don't like crab claws because it tastes different from the rest of the crab - it usually has a stronger crabby/fishy flavor that I don't like. But u can't go to Joe's Take Away and not eat the stone crab claws, so that's what we got, praying for the best. It was actually really yummy, they were fresh and sweet. Only thing was that it was expensive, about $37 for 7 claws. My sister got the shrimp po' boy and it was really good. I normally don't like shrimp because it's never fresh and most breaded shrimp is mostly bread and hardly any shrimp. Not so with this place, the shrimp tasted fresh and it wasnt oily. The key lime pie was also good
Occasionally I get take out here, usually ordering a  grilled or blackened mahi mahi and fries. My usual never had me walking on clouds, you would think so with the prices here,but it was edible. There was a time or two where the bread was not so fresh, and another time where the fish was more like a slightly burnt log than a blackened fish. Nonetheless I dealt with it. So one time I decided to go against the grain and try something new and I ordered buffalo chicken drummies. When I got home and tried one of the drummies I had to spit it out. It was disgusting, under cooked, the batter was somewhat raw,and it was soaking in oil. I had to wait the next mourning and drive back to joes crab to return the drummies and get a refund. Thank the Earth Spirit I kept the receipt. You would think a so-called high end  restaurant like this, with sky rocket prices would  at least have the decency to serve you palatable food. I have not been back since and will not be. NOTES - if you stick with the stone crabs or anything just boiled you cannot go wrong, but still grossly overpriced.
Delicious Miami Beach Omellette was so good, we had it twice in 5 days.  Also had the lobster rueben for lunch one day and an order of their shrimp and scallop ceviche.  Rueben was amazing, the ceviche was good but was beat out by My Ceviche, just up the street from Joe's the following day.
Definitely fantastic food. It feels like a celebrity restaurant which makes it a little stuffy. The staff is a little short and could smile a little :-)
Love this place, in fact I live in here. So glad they are finally open again. Living in the neighborhood we stop in here at least once a day. Breakfast is great and very reasonably priced for eating on the beach. Salads, sandwiches, and seafood to go or eat there are all good. Who needs to cook?
One of my favorite places to come eat and relax. Great food had the ginger salmon with brown rice. Fantastic option just ask for the sauce on the side. Sammy took our order and was extremely friendly and very helpful with the menu. He even came and checked up on us to see if everything was enjoyable. Overall a great experience and excellence service.
Thank GOD Joe's Takeaway is open again!  I really wish they would just keep this section open all year long.  It is one of the best and most reasonable dining options in all of South Beach.  Quick quality consistent food at a reasonable price is the main attraction.  DON'T MISS OUT TOURONS & RESIDENTS ALIKE!
Love the Seafood, Salads and Pastries. Everyone should experience this place!!!!
Yummy. What more can I say?
I've had good experiences with Joe's take away over the years but on this past New Year's Eve, I ordered 3 orders of the "Select" claws. These are the grade of quality just below the "Jumbo" which are the premium quality. However, the claws were terrible. All three orders. They were not even acceptable but just plain bad! The meat was fused to the shells and when you took a bite the meat would shred apart. It was dried out. Stone crab meat should not do that. When eating claws, with your teeth, you can pull away the meat, revealing a paper-thin slice of cartilage inside. However, the cartilage was brittle and would break off in your month. This never happens so I believe the claws must have been frozen, thawed then refrozen. That's my best guess as to why the claws were so bad.
My boyfriend and I recently went to Miami and this place was all I heard about! So I had to try it. We walk in, and were sort of confused, but figured out how to order quickly. Of course we got the crab claws (which they crack for you), and the oysters. Both were freaking incredible. The food was a little pricey, but the cost of the alcohol makes up for it. Bottles of wine were cheaper here than they would be at CVS and it's great wine! My boyfriend and I stocked up for the entire weekend as it is literally the cheapest alcohol in south beach. Great place, and definitely make sure you go to the takeaway side, no special attire needed, no wait, and the same food! Great place, I will definitely be back.
It's a beautiful day in Miami and you've just picked up your friend from the airport and you're both ready for lunch. Joe's Take Away is the perfect option for an effortless, noteworthy, water-front picnic lunch. I'd been to Joe's Take Away before but I hadn't had the best experience, this time however, it was virtually perfect. The service was wonderful and even charming and helpful. My friend ordered the stone crab starter kit perfect for lunch and I opted for the lobster roll. The lobster roll is huge and messy in the best way possible and comes with a side of chips. I only wish I'd asked about substituting sides. We split a slice of their renowned key lime pie and it lived up to expectations. Next time you pick someone up from the airport bring them straight to Joes Take Away, order your lunch to go, walk over to South Pointe and take in the view. Lunch doesn't get much better.
My wife and I went here while we were walking around Miami Beach.  We had the stone crab and the kung pao short ribs.  Both were very flavorful and delicious.  It's a nice laid back place serving really good food.
When a friend suggested to meet here for breakfast I was happy because I had never been. We were told if we wanted breakfast to make sure to arrive before 10:30 am, otherwise you will not be able to order it. We arrived a few minutes before ten. We grabbed the menu off the counter so we would know what to order once we got through the small line. We ordered a breakfast sandwich which consisted of egg, cheese, tomato and ham. And also corn flaked french toast. I found their breakfast to be reasonable, most entrees under ten dollars. As we walked through the dining area, I noticed all the different stations with the fresh seafood, desserts, salads and sandwiches. The salad's looked delightful, can not wait to try them soon. We grabbed a table and waited for the rest of our party to get there. We waited and waited and waited. It took over an hour to get our food. When hubby went to check on our food the cashier rudely said "we are backed up in the kitchen, it will be out" Nice Customer Service. Yes, they had a decent crowd but I would say far from slammed. Then our friend stood in line at ten twenty five to order breakfast, they ignored her, finally they said no more breakfast can be ordered and if you want lunch it will be 45 minutes. Wow, is all I can say. Yes, they have good food, but really I personally could care less how famous you are. There is no need for such rudeness. First impression of this place was not good at all. The breakfast sandwich was very tasty, ingredients were fresh. The french toast was too heavy for me but hubby loved it. Three stars only for the food, otherwise it would be two stars for me. I will go back, especially to try one of their salads and will update. Hopefully we will get much better service.
As a South of Fifth local, this is always a go-to spot. You really cant go wrong here. First of all, walking there is breathtaking as you walk through south beach's best little neighborhood. They have a little bit of everything and a lot of that everything goes on your plate. This is not a stingy spot. If you ask for the "to die for" French Toast, you WILL walk out pleasantly plump ;)  If its lunch time, a burger goes a long way and I CAN guarantee that it will be one of the best burgers you have had. I personally love the Turkey Burger, but honestly, both are delicious. I cant say its the best coffee house in town, but you can still get a coffee :). Sit on one of the bar stools and watch the locals and tourists walk by or grab a table in the newly expanded section and watch as the place fills up before your eyes. This place gets packed come lunch time, so get there early! If you want to go to a South Beach Staple, feel satiated and be part of the who's who :), give it a try! You wont be disappointed.
I loved my experience at Joe's a few months ago. To be honest, I can't stop thinking about it and have been trying to plan the exact same experience again ever since. With a few other Yelpers, we met up at Joe's Take Away. I arrived early so I was able to scan and analyze the menu items. It was hard to decide between the Lobster Reuben, the Lobster Salad sandwich, and the infamous stone crabs. I had never been here before or even to the very famous Joe's. But it lived up to its namesake and was even better. I ended up with an overfilled hoagie of lobster salad and it came with a side of crispy homemade potato chips. Both were straight from heaven. I really recommend taking your to-go back to Southpoint park, a short walk away, and indulging while you take in the scenery. Definitely recommended!
Joe's Stonecrab Takeaway is the best takeout restaurant in America.  Yes it is that good.  Bring home the claws home and serve with your own salad and beverage and the meal that would have costs you $60 to $70 with tax and tip can be had $25 to $35 depending on if you want medium or select claws.  Key Lime Pie has krept up in price from $5 a slice to nearly $8 in the last six years but for the real deal made with fresh key limes, Joe's is without peer.  (If you can't make it to Joes Key Lime pie at Grand Lux Cafe would be a silver medal in the pie olympics)  For those on a budget or who do not eat Stone Crab blackened grouper sandwhich for aboput $10.00 is bargain for a sandwhich that takes two hands to hold with a huge, perfect pice of grouper.  The take away has some other bargains like $1.50 rice crispie treat.  The atmosphere is relaxed and they have tables where you can eat your claws without feeling rushed be a waiter trying to turn over the tables as is common when the full service Joes is packed.  I eat a Joe's Take Away 10 times for every 1 time I eat at Joe's Stonecrab Restaurant next door.
Best thing Joe ever did was open its "Take Away". If you're familiar with Joe's regular dining SOP's, you know to usually expect an hour wait on a good day. Here, there's no wait and the same stone crabs you came for. Yesterday, I literally ordered at the counter and by the time I finished signing my receipt, PRESTO...the food was already in hand to take home. Just because it's take away doesn't mean you have no where to eat there. You do! There's actually a lot more seating area than you think. Now, I don't think you can order a steak on this side of Joe's, but if you're looking for sandwiches, fish, soup, sweet potato fries or crabs, you're golden. While there is plenty of parking, it is so fast, that I think you can even pull your car up the door. Joe's Take Away takes 5 minutes for a dinner or lunch that people wait for hours.
Joe's Take Away's amazing breakfast pushed them over the edge to grab that elusive 5th star!   After what seemed like years of struggling to make it down to Joe's before the 10:30a.m. breakfast cut-off, I finally managed to haul myself out of bed this past weekend.   I'd heard great things about the Joe's Eggs Supreme - the Joe's version of eggs benedict - and knew that's what I had to order.  A toasted buttery brioche bun, topped with 2 crispy crusted crab cakes, 2 perfectly poached eggs, and creamy hollandaise sauce - what's not to love?!  With a glass of freshly squeezed OJ and some piping-hot coffee, it's the weekend breakfast of champions!   The newly remodeled Joe's Take Away has tons more seating, including a whole bar area, and a few tables at an outdoor patio.  Unlike for lunch and dinner, for breakfast, they give you a number and deliver your food to your table on real dishes, with real silverware.  Not too shabby. At any time of day, Joe's Take Away delivers all the quality of it's namesake next door, for a fraction of the price, and without the hassle of a wait for a table.  Need somewhere to take your out-of-town guests for a true "Miami" meal?  Joe's is the answer.  And make the effort to get there for breakfast - you won't be sorry!
I feel so grateful that the historic and illustrious folks at the original Joe's Stone Crab decided to open a similarly seasonal, casual take-out (and dine in) outpost just next door. For those looking for a penny-saving stone crab and seafood alternative, Take Away offers a come-as-you-are, order-at-the-counter approach. This straight-forward café/grocer houses more than just stone crabs. You can salivate over the dessert counter (complete with it's own register and cashier), a central wine bar (where you can sip on champagne and order the raw goods) and some convenient tables for those looking to quickly chow down their catch. The staff is cordial and incredibly helpful so even if you're not all that well versed in the game, they can help point you in the right direction. For our dinner to go, we opted for 8 medium claws (the minimum) and a slice of key lime pie. A few minutes later and from the comfort of our home, stone crab season never tasted so great.
It's Joe's without the BS. I only wish they could franchise it and spread it around town. That way more locals can enjoy the selection this 'historic' restaurant can offer.
This place is definitely a different experience.  It's a cafeteria style set up with high end restaurant prices.  Overall the food I had was amazing apart from the hash browns which were soggy and flavorless.  The crab cakes were some of the best I have had and packed full of awesome crab meat.  I recommend getting them broiled and tossing a little lime and salt on them.  The other highlight to the meal was what other reviewers have raved about... The key lime pie.  One of the best key lime pies I have had outside of actually driving down to key west.
Horrible! What's with all the five stars? The select crabs tasted like they were frozen and had a sour flavor.  And at $42 for six it made the disappointment even worse. Save your time and money.
With only one night in South Beach, getting some good ol' traditional key lime pie from Florida was on our must-do list. We came to Joe's Take Away strictly for the infamous key lime pie and it was worth every single fat calorie into our tummies...and this is coming from someone who isn't a big fan of key lime pie. The prepackaged slice was $6.95. Expensive? Yes. Worth it? Hell yea.  I really didn't think one slice would be enough for two people but it was just right.  I got a glass of milk to go with it which complemented great with this dreamy slice of heaven. First bite in, it was so creamy and rich.  It tasted like a slightly frozen key lime cheesecake. They serve it cold so it maintains a slightly frozen texture which I prefer.  I usually like to just eat the graham cracker crust with a little of the cream pie but we demolished the entire thing because every part was enjoyable. This is literally right next to Joe's which seems to always be packed.  I highly recommend coming here if you want to spend your precious time in Miami fist pumping rather than wait for a table.  They serve breakfast, sandwiches, seafood, and of course...stone crab which was featured on Best Thing I ever Ate with Bobby Flay. Here's a toast to the douchebags in Miami and their key lime pies! Tip: If you are going to get three or more slices, you might as well order the whole pie because it will cost about the same.
Seriously, how have I not come here sooner? I am really disappointed with myself! I'm a terrible Miami native! For a long time now, I have been wanting to go to Joe's Stone Crab to try none other than their fried chicken. Yes, you heard me right. Not the stone crabs... been there, done that. The FRIED CHICKEN. I've heard it's amazing. Yet for whatever reason, I never got around to actually going. And then I recently heard that I can get this same fried chicken at Joe's Take Away. Not only that... but that it costs $5.95 for a 1/2 fried chicken. What?! Are you kidding me?? After hearing this, I had to get myself over there as soon as possible. I have dined at Joe's Stone Crab before, but oddly enough, I had never been to Joe's Take Away. When I got here, my first thoughts, aside from sheer excitement, were of how big the place was. I had a much smaller place in mind! And it was bustling with people! Empty tables were hard to come by, at least at the time I went on a Saturday afternoon. I'll spare you further details of describing the atmosphere seeing as there's already so many reviews on this place. So my friend and I get 2 orders of the 1/2 fried chicken (we weren't sharing this! haha), the chopped salad (to share) and one slice of key lime pie. We waited for our number to get called and voila! Fried chicken!! Each fried chicken order came with one onion pumpernickel roll and one onion egg roll. We dove into our fried chicken like rabid dogs. It was crispy... It was moist... The breading was sticking to the chicken properly. I say this last point because I went to another restaurant in town with well-known (and in my opinion, overpriced and mediocre) fried chicken and one of my biggest gripes about it was the breading was just completely falling off the chicken. Anyway, enough about that other chicken. We're here to focus on Joe's! My only gripe, and my friend felt the same way, was that the breading lacked salt. For the ridiculously awesome price I'm paying for this chicken, this is easily solved with some salt packets they have at the counter. The chopped salad we ordered ended up being the perfect accompaniment. A nice mix of veggies and feta cheese. Fresh flavors and just enough vinaigrette. The honey-roasted peanuts were a welcomed addition, too. I'm so glad we didn't opt for a starchy or fried side to go with the chicken, as I would have felt terribly guilty after this meal. And finally... the key lime pie. I mean, how can you go wrong with key lime pie at Joe's? It's one of those things you just have to get when you're here. It was exactly what I needed to end this meal. I still can't believe I hadn't been here sooner. I love this place. I loved my meal. I can't wait to go back. Next time, I'm making it a picnic at South Pointe Park!
Now THIS is the meal I had been waiting for and it met all my expectations while in Miami. Save the wait and tip money and go to Joe's Take Away (instead of the restaurant) to get down and dirty in a non-stuffy atmosphere. Got the conch fritters, half lobster with crab salad, 8 medium claws, and crab cakes. It came out to around $60 - whew! not cheap but TOTALLY worth it. The crab claws!! OMG the crab claws!! It's like a bite of heaven. ::sigh:: I need to inject that stuff like it's a drug. And I'm in withdrawal now. I WILL be back.
I'm upgrading you Joe's Take Away! The inside is very nice and spacious since the remodeling. There is a lot more inside seating if you wish to eat here instead of taking it away. Annnnnnnddddd I'm in love with their breakfast. If you have not had the pleasure of Joe's breakfast yet, YOU MUST GO!! My dining companion got the Joe's egg supreme & was nice enough to let me try some. It is delectable crab cakes on brioche with poached eggs & hollandaise sauce, pure breakfast party in your mouth. I am getting this on my next visit for sure! I ordered an omelet with stone crab, feta & tomato which was delectable. I've never had the pleasure of having crab in an omelet before, it was quite amazing. Breakfast prices range from $7-13 (for the supreme) and coffee is included (rare for SoBe). And yes, I still love the sandwiches for lunch/dinner. This is my favorite place to pick up food for a picnic in South Pointe Park.
The best stone crab ever!!!! I would fly back to Miami just for this restaurant. My mouth is watering as I write this review. Stop salivating!!!! (Oh and how my tummy is grumbling.) I tried the seafood platter and loved everything in it. The only one that I didn't care too much for was the lobster. Kinda boring compared to the stone crab. I tried the crab cakes and lobster roll. All of these were so yummy. My only regret-snacking before coming here. I should have saved roooom to eat more. Next time, I'm going hungry and will be ordering all of the above and more stone crab! Hint: We tried eating at the restaurant but the wait was too long. The take away is much cheaper and quicker to get food. They have patio seating as well so you can take your food to go and eat there.
Been coming here too many times to count and never disappointed
Really people? This is going to add to my growing list of Yelp Disapppointments! I cannot for the life of me see what people like here..! Firstly, this place is an EXACT copy of Joe's STone crab restaurant next door.. I spoke to my server@ the take away place and she was like minus the rstuarant feel, everything is the same! So me and friend were really glad we decided to skip the 1.5 hour wait at Joe's stone crab, the high an d mighty servers and the snooty host to come try the food here.. after all, minus the ambiance and the snootiness of the wait staff, EVERYTHING else is identical.. the FOOD is the exact same! So, we got the stone crab (obviously) - $28.00 for their smallest, the lobster roll  ($22.00), a side of creamed spinach ($8.00) and some bread on the side. I wanted to dig into my claws right away!! And boy.. was I disappointed! There was absolutely NOTHING awesome about them.. regular claws, not really seasoned well.. no seasoning on the side either.. totally unimpressed! So I went on the lobster roll then.. there is a REASON why the lobster rolls up north are WAY better! Recently went to Halifax... if you have the lobster there, any place else is just chicken feed (no pun intended here!!) So anyways.. this lobster business.. not only was it tough and chewy, the roll itself was full of mayo and celery.. totally killed it for me.. Both me and my friend gave up after a bite.. we nibbled at the potato bun instead.. :/ so basically we ended up paying $20.00 for for a potato buns..! I DO NOT like that! Oh the bread.. the brown roll.. had ONIONS(?) filled inside it.. really? Kinda gross..! The creamed spinach.. I advise NO ONE to try it please.. absolutely bitter and inedible..  it was almost like it had gone bad.. hated it..! so in the end, we paid $55.00 and all we ate was a potato bun and 6 claws.. and if you know claws, one pound of claws = .25 pounds of actual meat!! Totally disappointed and unhappy with the place.. not going to recommend it to anyone, nor am I going here again!
Ok.  So it's the middle of the day and you want a glass of wine, some stone crab and maybe a slice of key lime pie.  Joe's Stone Crab doesn't open for a few hours.  Where do you go? To Joe's takeaway, of course.   Ultra fresh seafood meets deli meets liquor store.  It's a one stop shop for a delicious lunch. Must try the lobster(or crab) roll.  Not traditional New England style, but damn tasty.
Joe's was our go to breakfast spot during out weekend in Miami.  The crowd tended towards local regulars, and by our second morning there, the manager was over saying hi and asking if we'd like to start again with a few glasses of champagne, which made us feel very comfortable and at home. Though the name seems to imply a takeout counter, there is actually a fair amount of seating, so you can go planning to have a meal.  Order at the counter and grab a seat.  Depending on what you order, they will bring it out to you or call our your order number. Both days we had the incomparable stone crab claws with the fantastic mustard sauce (actually better than the butter!).  We also managed to try the crab omelette (HUGE and excellent), the corn flake crusted french toast (exquisite), the seafood bisque (teeming with seafood and oh so creamy) and the key lime pie (delightful). PARTING THOUGHT: We concluded that we'll always have a place in our hearts for Joe's Take Away and will be sure to return the very next time we are in town!
#1400 I can count on one hand how many times I've had stone crab. A few times in Vegas (yes, there's a Joe's Stone Crab there) and once at a fancy pants wedding where they had flown in the stone crabs and lovely dipping sauce. I had two things on my must-eat list when I was in Miami, one of which was Joe's Stone Crab. I knew though my travel-worn self could not withstand the wait of the restaurant next door so I was delighted to go into the comfortable take-away next door. I didn't even look at the rest of the menu, stone crab it is! But how much? Should I gorge? Should I try to maintain my girlish figure? Ha, am I not on vacation? I ordered 8 claws (medium) which the market price that day was $21.95 as well as a bottle of water and key lime pie. static.px.yelp.com/bphot… A bag with my order was ready for me by the time I finished signing the credit card slip. I was directed to help myself to the water from their case off to the side. I started unpacking everything out of its containers. I was also given two bread rolls. One was filled with onions. Oooh! But I didn't want to eat too much bread to save room for that sweet, succulent stone crab. Someone asked me later what does stone crab taste like.  I thought for a moment. Like the cleanest ocean breeze, with just the slightest salt tang. And like any good seafood, it was delicious. I took my time with my claws, pausing long enough to snap another photo. static.px.yelp.com/bphot… I alternated between that great curried mustard dressing, the drawn butter (which never solidified in the cold air-conditioned cafe) and just a squeeze or two of fresh lemon. I liked that the claws were well cracked, making it easy to pick out the tender stone crab flesh. I do recommend waiting for the key lime pie to warm up a bit. When it was fresh from the fridge, it was too cold to taste much of anything but gradually, the tartness came through. It was lovely and well worth the $6.95. My total with tip came out to be just under $38 which was incredibly "cheap" compared to actually eating at the restaurant. I did miss that though so while this experience wasn't as memorable as the first time I had stone crab, it supersedes that memory because I actually had the stone crab in Miami!
Excellent food, though short on atmosphere.  It is very casual and fine if you to take it away rather than eat in the very ordinary dining area.
I arrived here a few Saturdays ago at around 10:20 to meet a few others for breakfast (I'd heard that the breakfast menu ends promtly at 10:30 and I wanted to arrive before the cut off).  I went to the register to place my order, and without even looking up from the paperwork she was gazing at, the woman there said "It'll be 30 minutes before your food will be ready, we're real busy".  She didn't bother to say hello or even look at me and smile.  We had plenty of time, so I ordered the Breakfast Sandwich, which consisted of scrambled eggs, ham, cheddar cheese and sliced tomato on toasted challah bread, and it came with self-serve coffee. I had to go to a separate counter at the other end of the restaurant to purchase juice and water. The breakfast sandwich was $8, but when the sandwich arrived, I found it was well worth it.  It was quite large, a meal in itself and it was very flavorful.   My primary reason for only giving Joe's Take Away 3 stars is because of the service and the wait times that we experienced on this day.  As mentioned, I was told right off the bat that the wait for my food would be 30 minutes.  When my sandwich was delivered, it was brought out at the same time as two of my tablemates' meals, which had been ordered 20 or 25 minutes before I'd arrived here.  One other person in our party who went to the counter just after I'd placed my order was told that the breakfast menu was no longer available by the time she walked up, and that it'd take them 45 minutes to serve her something from the lunch menu.   Sadly, the place really wasn't even very full or busy when we were here (it actually nearly cleared out within about 20 minutes after I arrived), so I'm not sure what contributed to the long wait times. One of the people in our party suggested it may be a case where they've become so popular that they feel they no longer need to care, and maybe they feel business is automatically going to come to them regardless of their attitudes or the wait time.   I sincerely hope this isn't the case!
Joe's Take Away offers food served at Joe's but without the long wait (relatively), and lower price tag.  I mean I prefer the Joe's experience but if you are one to prefer that for special occassions, have no fear because you can just order some grub (claws) to go! Oh You can take the key lime pie HOME! Do it, just do it!
If you are a seafood lover, and especially a crab lover, you definitely need to check this place out. I've actually never had stone crab before, and because it was in my book of "1000 places to go before you die" i definitely had to check it out. I took the advice of the yelpers and decided to go to the takeout cafe as opposed to the restaurant, and was ecstatic that there was no line. Score for us! Not only does everyone in miami party until wee hours of the morning, they also dine very late, and when i mean late, i mean like 11 oclock at night! So it was a huge benefit for us california girls! Although it is called "Joe's Takeaway" there is actual seating available and you can actually dine there. A more casual setting then the restaurant. They also have a bar in the middle of the cafe, and we were pleasantly surprised that we were able to order a bottle of wine for just $11 dollars! Didn't actually know that until we tried ordering by the glass, and received the tip from the bartender. another score!  Interestingly enough, they also carried CONCANNON wine! Glad livermore was able to represent in one of miami's favorite restaurants. I ordered the medium sized stone crab claws as well as the key lime pie. The crab legs were so thick and juicy, and went perfectly with the butter and sauce they provided. I was savoring each bite. I loved that they crack it for you, so you don't have to work so hard for your meat. And the key lime pie was simply icing on the cake for me. A perfect way to end my first night in miami &  it was indeed by far the best meal of the trip. Side note: They actually do over night delivery to anywhere in the country!
After hearing about Joe's Stone Crab from Food Network, I knew I had to pay this place a visit--in fact, two visits! There's a dress code for Joe's Stone Crab next door, and since I was in beach gear both times I had to go to Joe's Take Away instead. This ended up being a better suit for me because I find informal dining to always be a less taxing experience than formal dining.  The only slightly stressful part is trying to find a seat if you arrive during rush hours. First time I came, I shared the medium (8 claws) stone crabs, lobster roll sandwich, oysters on the half shell (7 oysters), and a slice of key lime pie.  The second time, I came for a light "snack" of oysters on the half shell and the key lime pie. Each individual item (with the exception of the pie) came with a bag of rolls: 1 brown onion Challah roll and 1 Challah roll. Medium stone crab claws - I usually hate shellfish claws--they're rubbery and disgusting.  However, stone crab claws carry a firm texture that is similar to the meat found in crab legs.  I was worried at first that the medium claws wouldn't be very filling but it turns out the claws were super meaty too! Lobster roll - I've heard Boston lobster rolls are wonderful, and I'm not sure how Florida lobster rolls compare but I personally thought that the lobster roll here was only ok.  The filling was a lobster salad that consisted of TONS of Florida lobster claws shredded and mixed with celery and mayo. The Challah roll might have been the reason why I didn't find myself enjoying the sandwich too much, because it was a really dry piece of bread. The side of potato chips that it came with were pretty good too. Oysters on a half shell - My jaw dropped, eyes wide and focused on the man shucking fresh oysters.  Drool must have been coming out of the side of the my mouth because my boyfriend insisted on getting an order of these after he took notice of what I was silently staring at. OHhhhh my god, I'm so glad he insisted because they were so freaking fresh and delicious. I've noticed that people shy away from eating these "gross looking sea boogers" and that many tend to also find a bitter or off-putting taste to oysters, and frankly, I used to be one of them. However, I soon learned that it was a rookie's mistake from not eating FRESH oysters.  These are definitely fresh oysters and so very delicious. Key lime pie - THANK YOU JOE'S for being the ONLY place in Miami that made a key lime pie right. The consistency, the taste, the texture was all spot-on. If you've never had a key lime pie before or if you have tried it but it sent you running for the hills, you gotta try Joe's key lime pie because it will send you head over heels about key lime pies.
Joe's takeaway is one of my favorite places to eat on the beach. This convenient little take out spot serves up some of Joe's Stone Crab's best items, including stone crab, lobster bisque, whole lobster, key lime pie, etc... I come here whenever I get a stone crab craving. For $22 you get 8 medium sized stone crab claws and Joe's mustard sauce, which is more then enough stone crab for one person. Also, they have a wide variety of sandwiches that are very reasonably priced. (lobster club, turkey burger etc...) I usually choose to dine-in because I like the fact I can order stone crabs, eat them, and be in my car on my way within about 30 minutes. Try doing that next door....... Most importantly, Joe's takeaway does an AWESOME breakfast between 7:30am and 10:30am. My preferred breakfast dish here is the Joe's supreme, which is basically a Stone Crab cake eggs benedict.  ($12). They also do an egg omelet which you can add stone crab too. (about $9). Until I found Joe's takeaway, I usually avoided Joe's next door due to extremely high prices, and it always very overcrowded. These are no longer issues, as I can now have my Joe's anytime without any hassle.
Really kind of irritated with the "help". The guy is pissing and moaning to his German friend that it's "unbelievable" that we are just sitting here at the counter and nobody else can sit and eat. Our tab was 268$. I won't come here again and I recommend not to. Food isn't that "great" either.
I saw this joint one of of those bazillion shows on the Travel channel, so being the seafood whore that I am, I had to try it. Now, I am not a rich whore, so I didn't dish out the big bucks for a small pile of stone crab, but I did get the conch fritters with key lime aioli and some grilled shrimp. Even though I am a floozy, I have not ever tried key lime pie. That little tart has evaded my lips for years. The bf though, was intent on getting some. I mean, we're in Florida and supposedly the best pie in your life lives here. So, time to fill my piehole. He wasn't lying. After I let the conch melt in my mouth and picked the last of the shrimpy tails clean, I dug into the key lime pie. Cue culinary orgasm. So chill, so tart, such a flavor burst, we both had moments of silence. The staff at Joe's is great, it's a casual alternative to their sit down big brother and they even had a wine tasting going on, what more could I ask for on vacation - without breaking the bank?
And Joe's Take Away is still the best in case you want the great key lime pie and awesome stone crab of Joe's without the hassle of a huge wait and paying a hefty tip (hey, it is a recession, ya know). Bottom line: Joe's food minus long wait minus big tip = awesome
I should start off with this statement: I have never had so much fun at lunch without ingesting alcohol.  I AM A SHELLFISH WHORE.  If shellfish is on the menu, I get it.  JOE'S TAKE AWAY IS MY HOME AWAY FROM HOME! I went with a group of girls over Spring Break.  I couldn't have been more excited!  I love the fresh market displays at Joe's Take Away.  We did Take Away because casual is the only way to go when peeling crab claws at 3pm.  We all ordered our food and set ourselves at a table.  The entire table was covered with delicious crab claws and sides!  What a cheerful and comforting feeling!  We were 5 starving girls ready to CHOW DOWN! We all ordered our own medium order of Stone Crabs which include 8 generous claws.  We also chose many sides to share.  I guarantee you that the Medium order of Claws + sides are definitely more than enough to satisfy your hunger!   The crab was so unbelievably fresh and delicious.  Each piece was full of white, succulent crab meat.  They were also cracked beautifully, which made it easy to peel.  What made this lunch so fun?  I loved that it took us time to eat our meals (with all the crab claw peeling and endless munching).  The Mustard Sauce was the most DELICIOUS mustard sauce I've ever had.  If you've read my other posts, I LOVE SAUCE.  Honey mustard happens to be one of my top favorite sauces.  If the bottled sauces weren't in need of refrigeration, I would have bought 4 on the spot.  WE WERE ALL DUNKING AWAY!   The sides we shared: (I warn you, the sides are large!  We ordered a lot and we did not finish it all) Joe's Famous Cole Slaw- Most of my friends did not love this because it was vinegar-based.  I thought it was very refreshing!  I probably wouldn't order it again, but if you want a palette changer with your meal- the Cole Slaw is the way to go! Hashed Brown- SO DELICIOUS!  WE FINISHED THE ENTIRE THING! Skinny Fried Sweet Potatoes- These were the most interesting Sweet Potato french fries we've ever had!  They HAD to be cooked with a sprinkle of nutmeg or cinnamon!  Absolutely delicious- we couldn't stop eating them. Creamed Spinach- very delicious for what it was! Cottage Fries- not too impressed, tasted like regular potato chips The two sides I would definitely get again are the Hashed Browns and the Skinny Fried Sweet Potatoes! After this meal, we were all very very content and happy, but VERY VERY FULL!  Still, we couldn't leave without splitting a slice of Key Lime Pie and a side of whipped cream.  OH MY GOD.  YOU NEED TO GET THIS!  THE CONSISTENCY OF THE PIE WAS AMAZING AND THE FLAVOR WAS RIGHT ON SPOT.  I COULD EAT A WHOLE PIE! I LOVE JOES!  WHY CAN'T I LIVE NEXT TO YOU?????
Delicious Po Boy special! My friend and I were looking for a solid seafood joint around the area. It's located adjacent to Joe's Stone Crab, but obviously being underdressed, poor tourists, we didn't even dare try going into the fancy schmancy restaurant with our sandals on. Instead, we stepped into Joe's Take Away and felt much more comfortable. There are plenty of tables available both inside and outside. My friend and I both ordered the Po Boy special for a little over $12 w/ tax and it was delicious. It came with a huge side of fries. The bread was toasted just right, and the shrimp was cooked to perfection without being too salty. There's also a good selection of salads, fresh seafood, and soups. Come here for lunch or dinner, you'll enjoy it.
I have to give Joe's Take Away 5 stars because it simply is perfect and as unique as they get.  The stone crab claws are obviously the main attraction here.  It is worth noting that the market prices this year (2008 - 2009 season) actually went down a bit from last year - making it that much better :) Also, I discovered that Joe's does a great omelet for a bargain price (less than $10... and it's not skimpy).  We often pickup breakfast here for take-out.  The choices of omelet toppings even include lump crab meat for those interested in something different.
Daddy broke so he gets the cheap stuff - so he can afford to pop in and pay $8 for desert, not even a meal, well they did do have soup and sandwiches for under ten. The key lime pie was good but I've had a MUCH better version in DALLAS (a place called Dive) and it's a dollar or so cheaper. It's hoity toity - kinda stuffy vibe and some cute chick didn't like her seafood salad and the manager refused to replace it cause she'd eaten too much of it.  That kinda broke my vibe.  Just give her another one! It's Christmas south beach scrooges! The key lime pie was actually 21/2 stars personaly but it is a decent atmosphere for a cup of coffee and to pick up some prewrapped candy souvenirs for under $5 (jordan almonds, other candies and nuts, macarons too)
Doesn't get better than this! Joe's Stone Crab is my MUST DO when I visit Miami Beach and was pleasantly surprised they had this "Take Away" restaurant which is much less formal (reservations and table seating) but serves the same delicious food. And when you think of Take Away, you probably think of a small hole in the wall but this place was HUGE. They had a bar area, tons of tables, a deli, and the chefs are right in front of you cracking the crabs. We ordered everything: crab cake sandwich, the select stone crabs, key lime pie, oysters, lobster bisque, etc., etc., etc. and it was all sooooooooooooo good to the last bite!!! Joe's - when are you coming to California?!?
I've been going to Joe's since I was in diapers so I am a bit biased.  But now that I live on the beach take away is a great option to pop in for a quick meal or a pick up for back home.   Considering the restaurant is one of the top in the country, they could charge a lot more than they do.  The fact that you can still get fried chicken for $5.99 is amazing. I love the seafood bisque and the portion allows you to savor it for several meals.  Crumble up some oyster crackers and the complimentary bread offerings and you have yourself an amazing lunch.
This place was not what I expected, having learned to associate "Joe's" and "Crab" with "Shack." It's a weirdly fancy place, all dark wood and high prices, and it was worth going to...once. I came by on a Saturday shortly after my flight landed, maybe about noon, and there was zero line. I got the medium claws (just for me) and a key lime pie (for later) and... eh. The crab was okay, not anything I'd write home about, and it definitely cost me a pretty penny. I ate it just over in the park, watching the water, where a little feral kitty came out to keep me company. I thought she was interested in the seafood because she kept butting the bag, but it turns out even she knew better and just wanted to play with the plastic. The claws come with dipping butter and sauce, but even the bread tasted good dipped in this so I don't put much stock in it all. The key lime pie - this was where it's at. This was probably the best key lime pie I've ever had. It's definitely not cheap at $7.95 a slice, but it's the perfect blend of sour and sweet and tangy with a not-too-crumbly not-too-hard crust, all in good proportions. I ate this over the course of a few hours (in the park, on the beach, on the beach some more), and I seriously would have just eaten it all day.  It was cold enough when I first got it that it survived fine over the intervening hours, and man, now I want to fly back and just get more of it. Everybody there was nice enough, and you can watch the guy pounding apart the claws. Definitely pick up plenty of moist toweletttes if you're not eating there, and hell, take some plastic utensils too.
After seeing this place on Man vs. Food and reading all the reviews, we were excited to stop in and try some of Joe's famous stone crabs (and other offerings). We wound up going to the take away side rather than the restaurant side, since we didn't feel like getting dressed up for lunch. Generally, when something has been hyped up like this place was for us, you either really like it or you're really disappointed. Unfortunately, we fell into the latter group. Let's start with the service, which was great. Ordering was quick and easy, and we found a nice place to sit in their large indoor seating area. Nice touch for a take out area. I liked that part a lot. Once we sat down and had our food, someone came over to check on us, even bringing the little forks you needed for the stone crabs, which I had forgot. Now, on to the food. Our group wanted to try as much as possible, so we got a bit of everything. We started out with some conch fritters, french fries, and crab cakes. The crab cakes were amazing. These were literally the best crab cakes I've ever had--they had no filler, it was ALL crab. And super tasty yummy crab at that. Amazing. Each cake was massive too. No tiny, skinny crab cakes here. Awesome!! The conch fritters were eh. Honestly, they didn't taste any different from any other kind of fritter, so I still don't really know what conch tastes like. I didn't think they were bad per se, just bland. My wife thought they were bitter and didn't like them at all. The fries, however, were excellent. We were also offered a couple of small bags of bread to share with the group. Each bag contained two rolls--one white bread, one brown. The brown bread was just gross, I took one bite and tossed it back in the bag. Not sure what it was but it was not good. The white bread roll was fine, but it honestly tasted like the kind of dinner rolls you buy in a big bag at the grocery store. I like those just fine, but when I'm shelling out $90 bucks for a meal, I expect a bit more. Next, we broke out the stone crab. My wife thought they were ok, although she didn't care for the butter sauce. I personally found the crab itself to be kind of flavorless, although the sauces made them a bit better. I'm not a huge crab person, but this was really no different to me than any other crab I've had. Nothing special at all really, at least not in my view. Finally, there was a lobster roll. Now first of all, this is NOTHING like a lobster roll that you'd get in Maine. No big chunks of lobster here. Its basically shredded lobster... what it really tasted like was seafood salad on a roll. It was ok, but really all I could taste was the sauce, which was quite salty. The lobster rolls came with potato chips, which were awful. No salt, no nothing. Totally bland, flavorless crisps. Our group each tried one or two and threw the rest away. What a waste! Here's the thing for me. I don't mind paying a lot for good food. High quality costs money, and I'm more than happy to pay for it. But I hate over paying for mediocre food. While the crab cakes were amazing (I'd give them 10 stars) and the fries were great (they were also the cheapest thing we had), the rest of the meal was meh at best. So, while I'd probably go back and have some crab cakes and fries with a beer and be quite happy (and would probably give it a higher rating than I have right now), at this point, I can't give Joe's more than 3 stars. And it really only scores that high because of the amazing crab cakes and great service. I simply can't give somewhere that makes something as good as those cakes anything less than 3 stars.
Best time  for value seafood in town. Also rumor has it that it has a great burger. Besides all the classics- stone crabs, garlic creamed spinach, fried green tomatoes, chopped salad---  the Salad with blackened mahi is great too.
Joe's Stone Crab take away is a great option if you are in the mood for some Stone  Crab with a 5 star quality but you are Not the mood to get all dress , Valet your car, wait 30 min at the bar then finally get your table...lol I usually go there for the stone Crab and they also have a great Lobster Sandwich as well salads and Delicious desert. This is not a place that you go only for Stone Crab they have other dishes as well like Crab cake hummmm i love their Crab Cake and you can either take out or sit in one of the tables that they have inside. Great place to go after a delightful beach day!
I really started frequenting Joes take away the past two years...and because of that I love that I have some favs on the menu. especially this past year discovered the lobster bisque! I put the hash browns in it and have myself a little lobster stew if you would. so my menu suggestions are this; the lobster bisque; hash browns and I always get the medium claws. my bf loves loves loves the fried chicken and get this its only 5$. Basically Ive never had the weekend off or made it for brunch because I'm not a huge eat breakfast out person. but my menu suggestions at Joes are great because they offer you a meal at about 40$ on market price for the claws, I always get medium. like the easy breezy feel and if you sit at the counter/bar their is a server sort of; well at least you can put your order in thro him. also watched the football games today at the bar  Joes reputation is clear so my review was kinda a "how to" of eating a yummy lunch... Side note-cant even believe there are people stating they have had bad food @ joes or the take away, I noticed they are out of towners...for knowledge most restaurants try and model their stone crabs and sauce AFTER joes...joes has their own fishery and crabs, it can never be duplicated or compatible! Miami born and raised!!!! Hahaha
If this is the best fried chicken in Miami, we are in trouble. It is, however, a good place to go if you have out of town visitors or for some reason you really want conch fritters. Grab a serving of the aforementioned conch fritters, a slice of key lime pie, possibly the calamari salad with seafood (very nice flavor, though the calamari was a bit rubbery), along with some champagne. Skip the tables (horrible acoustics and feels like a cafeteria) and take your food over to South Pointe for a picnic at sunset. It´s only a few minutes away and a great end to an evening. Nice thing to do with visitors. Or just because.   And the Key Lime Pie really is nice.
My Shrimp Po'Boy was loaded with tons of fresh, perfectly cooked shrimp and scrumptious slaw. So much shrimp that I couldn't close the sandwich and that's something to be proud of. Service was friendly...the crowd was lunch time swanky with their louboutin's galore and designer suits, loose tie. A place to be seen but where there are still plenty of people in shorts who won't poo poo your gym cloths. Where else can you valet and get a $10 sandwich that will knock your socks off? My pop's got the Lobster Reuben which he loved and a seafood bisque that was creamy and delicious. Yes and Yes is my vote....only downer is that they don't have a stone crab sandwich. Think about it, Joe.
I'm not a big crab lover but i wanted to see what all the hype was about.  We went on opening day Oct 15.  The place was rammed.  Even tv stations were there to cover the opening. Staff is great at both Joe's take away and the resto. the crab is really good.  Sweet unlike any other crab i've tried.  Didn't know till after that you can ask for the crab hot and steamed vs cold.  The key lime pie is amazing.  the crust is perfect with just a little bit of crisp/crunch.  the lime part is very creamy and smooth.  I also tried the potatoes = pretty good; creamed spinach = excellent; lobster reuben = good  but i prefer a real reuben over the lobster; corn bread = great; onion rings = your average ring; skinny fries = good; cobb salad = very good; coleslaw = okay; ribs = not very tender but good meat.  yeah i was a little hungry.  all in all nothing was disappointing but nothing was super memorable aside from the pie. oh they had vernors in a bottle! and i tried another cola called red rock.  both were excellent.   crab seemed expensive.  everything else was very reasonably priced.  the fried chicken looked amazing.
A great alternative to Joe's that definitely needs its own review.  I am surprised that other Yelpers lumped take-away in with the more fancy restaurant.  JTA is not cheap if you get crabs or some of their pricey salads, but is a nice casual and relaxed place for a five star meal. Everything is as good as the restaurant.  My wife insists we do not miss Joe's on our trips to Fla and we loved everything about take-away.  The stone crabs were just as fresh and my lobster roll was excellent.  The sweet potato fries were also tasty.   Joe's take out had an incredible selection of salads and deserts (cakes, pies, tarts and cakes) and a really nice coffee bar.  If I lived in SFLA, I would definitely be a regular.  One of my favorite places to go.
WOW! The lobster roll that I had from Joe's was hands down the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. It's different from most lobster rolls in that it uses a lobster salad instead of just lobster meat. Even though you'd expect it to not taste as good that way, I honestly enjoyed it over any other lobster roll and sandwich that I've ever eaten. I am definitely coming back to Miami just to have this again one day. It was my first time visiting Miami (for Ultra Music Festival) and I must say, I am very impressed with all of the food here. It's a little pricier than LA, but almost everything I had was superb. With that said, Joe's was the clear cut best place I've tried all weekend. Based on the name, you would expect Joe's to be a to-go marketplace. However, that's not the case, as there's actually a nice little indoor dining area for you to enjoy all that fresh seafood right away. You can also sit outdoors and it's right by the beach, so you can enjoy that nice Miami sun. Our group ordered a little bit of everything: 1/2 lobsters, oysters, stone crab claws, soups, etc. Like I said before, everything on the menu is a little pricey, but that's just how it is in Miami. The lobster, crab, and oysters were all really fresh and tasted amazing. The crab claws weren't small at all and you definitely feel satisfied after eating everything.
After reading some Yelp reviews, my girlfriend & I decided to venture out to Joe's Take Away instead of Joe's Stone Crab. We're glad we did! I'm not a big seafood fan so I ordered their turkey burger which the menu stated was a "house favorite." For $5.95 it was such a bargain, huge and tasty. It's nice to go to a seafood place and have the option of substitution without it being bad. They had lots of chicken & other options too, fried chicken and several chicken salads. I want to come back and try their edamame hummus - sounds delicious. Now on to the seafood...The gf ordered the seafood bisque through the cashier's recommendation and couldn't stop raving about how delicious it was. She said it was the "best seafood bisque I've ever had." It was extra creamy & kinda cheesy.  She also ordered the select stone crabs (sold at market price, for our visit they were $34.95) and was quite satisfied. We finished off with their famous key lime pie which was also pretty tasty. I liked the casual environment, a cozy little cafe where you can get your food quick and sit and enjoy it. Definitely the better choice to the restaurant even though they don't serve their bread pudding with caramel bourbon (instead they serve it with vanilla sauce at the Take Away). They'll just have to work on that!
Since my office is very close I generally come here for lunch. There's always something really good to eat. I recommend their soups. Their falafel is good but they don't have any pita bread. Pedro Martinez was eating a couple tables away from me this past week.. so it obviously has a good following.
Didn't even consider going to Joe's Stone Crab. Joe's Takeaway is all the same food without the long wait. The crabs are so good... we went there twice when we were at SoBe. Ordered the stonecrabs, fried oyster and the lobster roll. Def recommend getting the Select crabs as they were a nice size. Bring it home and get messy there!
Joe's takeaway is an incredible addition to Joe's Stone Crab.  I have always been a big fan of Joe's.  Of course the stone crabs are awesome, but if you don't want to spend that much you can definitely come away with an incredible meal at a reasonable price as long as you don't order the stone crabs.  Joe's takeaway is an even better deal, as now you have an incredible breakfast selection for mostly under $10 in a casual atmosphere. Joe's egg supreme is basically eggs benedict with a maryland crab cake instead of ham.  It was not what I was used to but it is definitely delicious.  Joe's morning wrap is pretty big and you can split it with a friend if you don't feel like stuffing your face. The real secret though is the 1/2 fried chicken for only $5.95.  It is absolutely incredible!  And did you see the price??? $5.95???? That seems like a price that should be at KFC and not Joe's!!! Of course the stone crabs and sides here are the same as next door which are AWESOME!  (Fried Green tomatoes, creamed spinach haaaayyyyy!!!)  I placed my order and told them what time I was coming and sure enough, no wait - food right next to the cashier.  The lady on the phone was even cool enough to tell me that the "selects" were pretty much the same size as the "larges" and it wasn't worth spending the extra money. There's a reason there is always such a huge wait at Joe's but with now with Joe's Takeaway you don't need to get dressed up to enjoy food from this South Beach institution.
3 Stars?!?!? Yeah I can't believe it too... I've been dying to go here for a long time now and always regretted passing it by in Vegas, but here's why I only gave the 3 stars: I went to Joe's next door first and when I got there the lineup was 1.5 hours long for two on a Wednesday night! Was I bummed out? Hell no, I got excited because that meant the crab must be amazing! The decor was dark and old school at Joe's, so I was actually glad to head on next door to Joe's Take Away which was brightly lit inside. The menu is identical, so it made no difference to me where I was eating. I just wanted to try the crab! So I ordered a bowl of Manhattan clam chowder, crab cakes, and an order of stone crab claws. Price came out to $80. I knew that it would be expensive before coming here, so that didn't really shock me. What did shock me though was how bland and flavorless the stone crab was! *sigh* The claws were big, meaty, and fresh, but the flavor just wasn't there when compared to other crabs like Alaskan, Dungeness, or even the lowly blue crab! Note that after my experience at Joe's, I went to other stone crab joints in SoBe, but the experience was just as disappointing. The Manhattan clam chowder also was not good (VERY rubbery overcooked clams). However, this 2 star experience was saved by the 5 star crab cakes! When I cut into one of those bad boys it looked like I had an entire crab crammed into the crab cake. Honestly I don't think there was any filler material in there other than more crab! It was so good I came back the next night for another round (minus the stone crab).
$150 for take away for 3 people? That was definitely a personal record for take out. But man, we stuffed our faces (see photo). I think I'm still stuffed two days later.
I visit the Miami area every few months on business, and I have made it a point to stop at Joe's Take Away several times now. It's like a fast-food fine seafood restaurant, you order what you want, take it in a to-go bag, and then you can sit down at the tables or go to the beach, whatever. I always get stone crabs and creamed spinach, and sometimes oysters, lobster bisque, or whatever strikes my fancy. The food is outstanding. I love the stone crab claws. The medium claws are a good value and very satisfying, but make sure you order them steamed, or they will come cold. Their menu is really tremendous, I would try one of everything if I could. They also have a small wine selection in the cooler next to the registers. The prices are pretty good, you can get enough fantastic seafood to stuff two people, and a bottle of wine for about $100. Dessert may be extra. I recommend the key lime pie! The service is really better than it should be for a "fast food" restaurant. The people are friendly and patient, the service is prompt, and there actually are people who work the dining room who will help if you need something. Overall, this is a great spot for relatively low-key seafood in South Beach. I plan to be back every time I'm in Miami.
My usual cheapskate self would set this place a star back, because although this is the cheaper version of Joe's, it's still a little high. You should disregard this, because Fish/Shellfish/etc is almost always more expensive than it's turf brothers. I had a chance to try the crabcake sandwich, and another fishy-sandwich that I forget the name for. The former though, is very, very good. It helped that I had one of the craft root beers that they offer along with the meal. Is that a weird combo? I also got to try the sweet potato wedges, and fries. The fries were good, but the wedges fell short. Too much potato it seems. If you have to have Joe's, this place is a good bargain alternatives. Otherwise i'd get stone crabs for a buck someplace else...
Joe's Take Away is my favorite spot for seafood in Miami Beach.  It is casual (obviously, it's take-out) but the food is divine, absolutely high quality and worth your money.  I recently had their oysters on the half shell---huge and delicious; their crab cake--very yummy, and their seafood bisque--also perfection in a bowl. I've really never had a less than amazing experience here--the place is incredibly elegant and clean and the staff is extremely friendly.   I think my only YELP would be that Joe's doesn't seem incredibly concerned about the environment, as they over-package everything in plastic, even if you make it very clear that you are "dining in." I will wait for them to resolve this and then promptly upgrade to 5 stars!!!
The good:  The fried chicken, the key lime pie, the crabs (in that order) The bad: Crab claws are on the expensive side compared to everywhere else where they sell same quality crabs. The inexcusable ugly:  Service at the food-ordering counter is frightful.  I asked our cashier whose name was Sean, TWO questions about the order, and he became increasingly bothered, shoved a menu in my face, saying "JUST READ THE MENU",  treating us like some garbage that needed to be quickly removed.  I would think that if I am placing a $200 order I can ask whatever I want within reason and get no attitude... The bread that comes with the claws is terrible and stale.  Matches the service received at the counter.
We went to Joe's Take Away on one of those non-cooking nights. We started with a Chopped Salad followed by 2 orders of Select Stone Crabs, a Salmon Ginger and an order of Fried Chicken ($5.95?). For sides, a small order of Hashed Browns. For dessert, a slice of Key Lime Pie (one of the best in So Florida) and Apple Pie. A very nice meal and a significant savings from eating at the restaurant. 12/31/2010 - After picking up our food for New Year's Eve, we unpacked it to find a Key Lime rather than an Apple Pie. This was very disappointing. In addtion, the Hash Browns were burnt - they didn't taste quite right. Next year we will probably break this Annual New Year's Eve tradition and find another take out restaurant.
If you aren't in the mood to wait 1.5 hours to eat your stone crabs on the white tablecloths of the original Joe's, the takeaway is a legitimate choice. It is the same food, great stone crab claws. There is a buffet like area where you view the crab claws and many other available food choices. You then order ala carte at the register and wait until your number is called. Your wait will be no more than ten minutes. Eat with plastic utensils from plastic plates and the food is awesome. This is a must visit during crab season in Miami Beach.
4.5 Stars. No wait to order, food delivered to the table fairly quickly, lots of seating. Medium order (7 stone crab claws) cost approx $27- delicious, as expected. Lobster Roll $18- Must order! Full of delicious Lobster meat, buttered and toasted bread. Better than the Red Hook Lobster Pound DC truck that people line up around blocks for. Crab Cake- lump crab meat, not filled with excessive breading or nonsense. Quite good, just messy to eat. I'll be here anytime I'm in Miami.
Oysters on the half shell. Lobster rolls. delicious savory juicy stone crabs. WHAT IS NOT TO LOVE?! Seafood lovers, this is place to go.  It's a shame to visit such a lovely area without eating Joe's wonderful food. All this food was wonderful, but what I miss MOST?! KEY LIME PIE.  I have NEVER in my life had a better key lime pie. EVER!!
The food here is definitely overpriced. I noticed it more the second time around.  They do have a lot of overhead (prime location, lots of staff).  We got: CALAMARI:  Crispy and well seasoned.  Came with a mustard-based sauce which I didn't like LOBSTER ROLL:  Delicious according to my friend.  The bread was grilled.  It came with gourmet potato chips. MAHI MAHI SANDWICH: The fish was tender and generously portioned.  I didn't care for the bread and there was a lot of it.  It just didn't have much flavor and I just ate the fish.   With sodas, the total came to almost $60.  Now that I've been here twice, I don't know if I'd bother coming a 3rd time if I ever return to Miami.   There's too many other restaurants that a visitor needs to try out.
Very nice and very pricey. The guy next to me ran up a $600 order with just 9 stone crabs and assorted whatnots. Wow.   But...it's worth it. This was my first visit to Joe's. I never knew what a stone crab was before this, but my mother in law gave me a brief explanation along with the very interesting history of the restaurant. You can eat at either the "takeout" restaurant or the sit-down restaurant. The prices are the same at either, but the sit-down restaurant is very nice, apparently. When we were there, the sit down restaurant was closed so we ate at the takeout side. The place reminded me of a very fancy high end deli, in terms of style and layout. Kinda like Zingerman's in Ann Arbor, Michigan, but only stone crab and seafood, along with a variety of sides and other delicacies. We ordered stone crabs, fried sweet potatoes, and creamed spinach. All were very delicious and the crabs claws were completely fresh and juicy. And for dessert, the best key lime pie I've ever eaten in my life. It is no exaggeration to say that Joe's key lime is superb--thick, rich, creamy, and (most importantly) not to sweet. The graham cracker crust was thick and substantial, and not soggy (like on many an unfortunate key lime pie I've tried). This place gets very busy and crowded, for obvious reasons. Be prepared to stake out a table and guard it jealously against interlopers. I don't blame people for their fierce competitive natures though...once you get your stone crabs, it feels like a privilege to sit down and savor every juicy bite.
It is not expensive, and can get the food soon. We can sit there, it is easy to find a seat. Quite good.
Eager to try the famous stone crab but not eager to put up with "The Experience," we got takeout boxes and ate them in a lovely picnic at South Point Park.  The crab really is good-- sweet, tender, tasty-- definitely better than the Maryland crabs I used to bash into at brown-paper-tablecloth joints in Baltimore.  Fried green tomatoes were also excellent. Some other things were disappointing-- I could do without both of their famous rolls (sweet, doughy, indifferent), and whoever decided that sweet potato fries could be dusted in sugar rather than salt should be fired.  And then forced to eat oversweetened sweet potato fries. But for all those ups and downs, the standout knockout winner of the meal was the key lime pie.  We ate ourselves sick on it (and still couldn't finish it all) and it is the best key lime pie I can remember having-- and yes, that counts our recent trip through the keys. Four stars for the crab and tomatoes; two for the lackluster accompaniments; six for the pie.
Madhouse for  the iconic Joe's- overpriced madhouse.!  Stone crabs start at $27 for the cheapest.... Went with half Florida lobster and crab salad- $18 There is a reason Maine lobster is famous- it is the best! While good for what it was...this place is crazzy, but the tourists come, and I left fast as I could cause I hate the crush of humanity especially for these inflated prices....
Hands down the best lobster roll!!! BIg thumbs up! Easy order, fresh food, big portions, fast delivery. Four people, three of us had their famous lobster roll, made with fresh lobster, perfect amount of dressing, onions, seasonings, on a delicious toasted yet soft inside bread. It is served with homemade kettle chips. I had their medium Florida stone crab claws. Very fresh and meaty. Served with warm butter and mustard mayo. We tried their seafood bisque which had big chunks of fish. Finally for dessert we shared a massive chocolate chip cookie! It was so good we are all talking about going back for dinner!
The only thing that would make this spot better is if they sold t shirts that said "i got some crabs (at Joe's) " L.o.v.e. - love this place. Even if you went every night it would still not be often enough. Good thing it is eat-in or take-out. Sit at the bar for wait-service. They will place and pick up your order for you instead of making your way around the various counters. A good description would be heaven on earth and the first real good food I have found in Miami.
When you are in the neighborhood, you got to make a pit stop Joe's Take Away! You gotta order the stone crab claws. The mister and I came here for a late dinner and it was busy. We ordered the crab claws, and at medium eight pieces, at market price, $30. A know a bit steep, but where else can you get them besides Florida?! And we got also got the special of the day, grouper Cajun style. You placed the order at the cashiers and then call out your number, which is a couple of minutes. During that time, you gotta hunt for a table if you're eating in. How do the stone crab meat taste?? It's definitely meaty, fresh, and chilled to the bone. Comes with lemons and sauces on the side, so use those condiments. Grouper was one meaty fish and spicy delish! Get your seafood groove at Joe's. This place is great and for all ages!
So the little lady and I decided to have a picnic at South Pointe Park on the last day of stone crab season.  We walked around South Beach for awhile, working up an appetite.  By the time we got to Joe's, the sun was scorching hot, and our desire to eat outside was waning.  We opted to have our picnic indoors, accompanied by crisp AC and netflix on demand.   We ordered 7 select claws, sweet potato fries, the chopped salad, and a slice of the key lime pie.  The claws were perfectly chilled and cracked.  We barely had any use for the tiny forks.  The chopped salad was a home run as usual.  As an aside, when I was in living in Los Angeles, my room mate brought back the Joe's cookbook from Miami.  He whipped up the Joe's Vinaigrette.  We ate most of it without a salad.  Yes, the dressing is that good.  The sweet potato fries are available in skinny and fat.  We went with the skinny, which were hot, crisp, and seasoned with cinnamon, sugar, and salt.  The pie was obviously home made, in the good way.  The thick graham cracker crust was a perfect compliment to the not too heavy, not too whipped key lime filling. The entire meal ran about $65.  Considering we were uncomfortably full, and had fries left over, I would say it is a great value.  One could definitely have a casual business lunch here for under $25 per person. That meal, combined with an Al Pacino flick, was one of the best Sunday afternoons I have ever had.  I can't wait until next season.
Wow- where do I start from...  seafood this fresh and tasty is not found anywhere else in Miami.  Great spot for a Sunday brunch or to take out and enjoy at a picnic.  Enjoy the stone crabs, the oysters, the shrimp or the sandwiches (my favorite: the lobster roll and the blackened mahi-mahi sandwich). The selection of seafood is outstanding.  The salads and daily specials are great!!! I go back often just to try something new, because everything there tastes so good.   Your taste buds will be dancing with joy!!!
Joe's Take Away is one of our favorite Sunday breakfast spots, we drive all the way from Kendall.  There's free parking in Joe's lot across the street. Sometimes there's no line, other times there's a long line to order food.  My husband sits at the table or booth holding our place while I place our order.  Rarely have we had to wait for a table to be available. Once I pay I'm given a number and we wait for our food to be delivered to our table.  We're picky restaurant patrons and even more picky about receiving good service....a rarity in Miami-Dade County.  Yet, we can absolutely say that we have never received bad or rude service from any Joe's Take Away employee.  All have always been helpful and friendly. The selections for breakfast are more than adequate and various price ranges are offered, you can see their menus and most prices online.  To Jenifer C. and her review: When it comes to buying crab claws, the sizes, quantities and prices are quite explicit.  If you had taken the time to read the menu you should have been able to make an informed decision yourself.  Last time I ordered medium claws it was 7 claws for around $27.00.  This is not very complicated! Our favorite items aside from breakfast items: Cinnamon Nut coffee cake, Rice pudding, large Chocolate Chip cookies, Shrimp cocktail, Crab claws. Only item we don't like:  The Florida lobster included in the Seafood Platter, it's always tasteless and very tough.  For this reason we no longer order this Platter which now costs $37.95, I remember when it was @$22.00.
Talk about luck.  We got here on a Saturday afternoon a month ago (around 1:30pm) to check out this venerable institution ... and there was NO line at all!  Even for dining in at Joe's Stone Crab next door!  I had heard of nightmarish 2-hour waits for the dreamlike stone crabs so my first thought was "oh no, it's closed!"  After my mini heart attack, I realized that was not the case.   Anyways, we decided to eat at Joe's Take Away instead of next door  (mainly because we were completely underdressed in shorts and flip flops and we were also on a tight schedule). So we ordered the famous stone crab - the "select" size, which is between a medium and large.  It comes with 7 stone crab legs for $35.  Yes, pricey ... but so worth it.  It was my first time trying stone crab (and I was all the more eager after reading that only the stone crabs legs are eaten and that these regrow so it's a win-win for everyone!).  And it was simply amazing.  It's more buttery (even without the delicious mustard sauce, which I preferred over the butter) than Alaskan king crab or blue crab.  Very rich and meaty and I love how it all just comes out in one piece after you've taken off the shell.   We also had the lobster roll, which was very good but I have had better (e.g. Sam's Chowder House in Half Moon Bay, CA).  Plus, after the stone crab legs, it was unfair to compare. And to top off the meal, we had the Key lime pie, which we heard so much about.  First reaction was that it was the most dense KL pie I've ever had.  Is this what it's supposed to taste like?!  OMG, I've been missing out.  So good. Not to be all dramatic ...but If I don't ever get a chance to visit Joe's again, my life will seriously feel incomplete.
I don't know what took me so long. For some reason, I had it in my head that Joe's was a chain (and not a Miami Beach institution). For some reason, I had it in my head that I could delay eating here and that stone crabs weren't *all that.* I mean, after all, who hasn't had crab before? I was so so wrong. After an evening that left me covered in sauce, shell, crab bits, peach syrup, panko crumbs, and pecans, I howled to the heavens for being so foolish as to have delayed turning my B's to C's and eating like a man on death row. Was that crass? I don't know. I can't tell. All I can think about is my feast at Joe's Take Away and how it's not fair that I have to wait so long to do it again. After lamenting for the [redacted]th time about not having anywhere to go eat and plump my lumps, my buddy had had enough and insisted on going to Joe's Take Away. "Isn't that place really expensive? Plus, I'm feeling lazy and don't want to dress up." "There's a more affordable take away spot next door and you don't have to dress up for it." "Sold." We walked in and I, immediately, took in the 360 view... of food! If you're a fatty (like me) you won't know where to start first. There's so much to choose from and so much to eat/see/do. I was overwhelmed. I knew that I had to get some stone crabs. Even though I didn't know what the big deal was, I figured when in Rome... I ordered a medium order... for myself... and felt no shame. I wasn't done. I also ordered fried green tomatoes, PEACH Nehi (five stars for this alone) in a BOTTLE (it can't be!), and a slab of chocolate pecan pie. The guys behind the counter didn't even bat an eye. They'd seen my kind before. Are you ready? You aren't ready. I wasn't ready... but I did (food) battle like a soldier. First of all, can I get a what what for the bread? Soft brown bread with onion inside made me all tingly. It was a sign of things to come. Not wanting to rush the main event, I started with the tomatoes. Whomever's big mama was trapped in the back and had to make these, I salute both of your sacrifices. The tomatoes was perfectly breaded, hot, crisp, plentiful, and when paired with the roquefort sauce... O.M.G. Mamas are getting slapped all over South Beach. I-can't-believe-it's-so-good. And that was only the vegetable. Now, had I known how stone crab meat was procured before I went all Daryl-Hannah-In-Splash, I would have had some reservations about eating them. But, in this case, ignorance is delicious bliss... and when combined with mustard and butter sauce... it's I-must-eat-this-for-the-rest-of-my-life bliss. The meat was succulent, flaky, rich, and flavorful. Yes, you may have had crab before but if you've never had stone crab, it's an entirely different experience. You want this. Trust. As I broke shell after shell in search of sweet sweet meat, I washed it all down with gulps of the nectar of southern gods - Nehi. While Blue Cream is the Zeus of the carbonated pantheon, Peach is right up there. And this peach was made with sugar and served in a bottle. I couldn't have been happier -- until I tore into that chocolate pecan pie. I'm a bad Kentuckian for not enjoying Derby Pie until I was well into my adult years. What's Derby Pie? (Basically) chocolate pecan pie (with bourbon). Knowing my mistake and resting on the southern goodness of what I'd just eaten, I trusted that I was making a good choice in ordering the baked delight. I must have blacked out. I came to and my teeth were black with chocolate, I had crust all over my hands and my buddy said that he could never look at me the same way again. That's a successful night. When's stone crab season start up again?
Take out is a great option considering in season one might wait a few hours for a table. They are on the pricey side, but that makes Joe's one of those "special" places one dines for a real treat. We alway get the jr jumbos, cream spinach, lyonaise potatoes, and the friend green tomatoes- a yummy combo.
Really good salads, seafood and bread. This is an interesting place..prices are similar to a restaurants but the inside is modeled as a market. If you don't mind paying restaurant prices without service then I'd recommend trying this place. The food was tasty and the seafood was fresh!
Do NOT GO TO THE RESTAURANT. I hate to break the secret, but there is seating at Joes Takeaway, is a much cheaper bill, and you can sit without all the ambiance that comes with eating at "Joes". No waiting (the longest i've had to wait is 10 minutes) and it gives you the exact same food you get at the restaurant. 3 MUST HAVES: 1) Seafood Bisque (Best soup in Miami) 2) DUH! Stone Crab 3) The FRIED CHICKEN! I know, people think im crazy when i tell them to get the fried chicken at Joes, but it is the best in town. Along with their homemade honey mustard it is the best chicken in Miami, hands down.
Joe's Take Away is the pomp-free little brother of the famous Miami institution that is Joe's Stone Crab. You've got your crab legs. And amazing civiche. And everything else exactly as it comes at its fancy schmancy likeness, without the 2 hour wait. It's perfect for lunch if you're in the area, or a quick casual dinner. You order up front and wait for your number to be called. You can eat inside or outside, and everything comes in take away containers so you can park it or head on home. Bar stations in the dining area mean you don't have to go through the whole big line again just to get another beer or a soda. And even though it's not their specialty, the fried chicken is the best deal around. I think it's like $6 for a half a fried chicken, for any non-seafoodies in a large group. But it also makes a great "filler" if you're not sure you ordered enough seafood. It can get pricey, but without all the white tablecloths and the long wait, you don't spend nearly as much on alcohol and apps. The weekend brunch looks amazing-- can't wait to try it!
For the restaurant: Summer hours end July 29,2007 Regular season begins Oct 12, 2007 If you've already had the Joe's dining experience, then you could just go next door to the takeaway and get excellent seafood, including whatever size stone crabs you can afford.  (or the sandwiches from the grill) I recommend the Select (7 claws) ~$32 get yours before the end of the season (May) comes around however, once you're a local, you know that the $22 for medium claws is double the price elsewhere.  i usually check out the casablanca or garcia's fish market, but there's other places as others have mentioned. for me, the $7 slice key lime is not worth it since it's frozen.  also the crust is too thick in my opinion.
Over the years, restaurant quirks typical of institutions like Joe's have evolved, becoming intrinsic to its supposed charm - like the boisterous maitre d who reportedly makes six figures due to all the $50's he's slipped ($20's, too small, are loudly rejected) by hungry customers, none of whom are allowed to make reservations ahead of their arrival. These quirks, however, geared toward the experience of the tourist, have become a hindrance to Miami residents. Going to Joe's is to step into history, and I recommend everyone do it once. But SoBe residents who would grow tired of the stuffy old fashioned atmosphere and extra costs of dining at the restaurant have graciously been given their own pleasant little shortcut:  Joe's Takeaway. It's exactly what it sounds like - call in your order or just show up and hop in line. The bustling staff at Joe's Takeaway will quickly set you up with a nicely packaged, portable three napkin dining experience you won't soon forget. My wife and I executed our Joe's Takeaway plan on our second night in Miami. We took the back route out of our hotel, onto the sidewalk that runs along the beach, enjoyed a leisurely stroll (a little over a mile or so) down to South Point - briefly pausing for some Cafe Cubano - and were delighted to stroll right in to Joe's and with hardly any wait and order our stone crab. Having done so, we hailed one of the cabs dropping off diners and went straight back to our hotel; pulled a table up to the foot of our bed and enjoyed watching the waning moments of the winter olympics while sucking sweet, sweet crab meat doused in Joe's special mustard sauce. Takeaway purchasers are given a first-class setup, enriching the home-dining experience. Our huge takeaway bag included a styrofoam box with our crab and generously portioned containers of dipping sauces, complimentary dinner rolls, pads of butter, plenty of napkins and plasticware including a tiny crab fork, and separate plastic containers for our slice of key lime pie and caesar salad... everything we needed to enjoy the full Joe's experience from the comfort and privacy of our own room (minus the wallet-robbing maitre d). The dinner rolls are a Joe's original - delicious bread pockets covered in, and filled with, small bits of minced onion. The amount of onion in these little bread caves is a little disconcerting when originally discovered, but slathered in some butter, they're both savory and sweet. A great tool for calming the insatiable hunger Joe's restaurant diner's inevitably feel by the time they are seated and waited upon. Probably not needed as badly with the takeaway orders but I like that they include them in an effort to provide the full Joe's experience. We ate our the next day as a much needed post-beach energy reviver. Our caesar salad was tasty and served remarkably cold, which I love. The dressing is a creamy caesar dressing, and given all the vinaigrettes Elizabeth and I make at home, I secretly crave creamy dressings every once in a while. The claws come pre-pounded, so they're expertly cracked and shell fragments can be easily discarded, exposing the beautiful, succulent claw meat. There's a procedure for eating the stone crab claws that must be mastered to enjoy them to their fullest, yet that learning experience adds to the overall fun. Each claw comes with the pinchers, powered by a thick arm, and a delightful meat-filled joint. First, take a claw and begin pulling off shell fragments. The thick shell peels away easily and is remarkably sturdy. These are particularly well-armored crabs. Once the shell fragments are all pulled off and discarded, dunk the meat in your sauce of choice - Joe's famous creamy mustard sauce or clarified butter - and then simply suck and tear the meat off the thin, translucent cartilage running through the middle. Enjoy the feeling of euphoria as you unintentionally sigh and your eyes roll back in your head. Our key lime pie was terrific, as well. With the Florida keys so close, this is a better place than most to order it and we weren't disappointed. Tart, fresh, cold and achingly sweet, it was the perfect citrusy finish to our seafood dinner. Thanks to Joe's corner on the stone crab market in Miami, dating back so many years, it's become nothing short of famous - a must-visit for hungry beach goers who clamor over each other for the experience. Thanks to Joe's Takeaway, Elizabeth and I were able to enjoy that experience in shortcut fashion that left us feeling like savvy residents again. Just what we'd hoped. If you visit Miami and you've got a place where you could take a packed meal, I highly suggest you take stone crab away from Joe's.
