This place isn't just for the bar crowd.  Take a stroll down past Cocowalk and find this little treasure right next to yucky's.  Everything is made to order right in front of you and fresh as making it at home.  Watch Patricia prep the day's onions and limes while Osvaldo cooks your food.  Delicious is all I can say about everything here. Here's the best part, it's super affordable!!!!!!  Don't miss out on this place!
everything is very salty, beware. I ordered some taquitos and they deep fried them until they were completely dry, they still tasted ok but they could have been a lot better. on top of the taquitos, they put a bunch of shredded lettuce which they of course topped with a lot of salt.. my gf liked what she ate but also found it to be too salty.. for that reason i didnt give it one star
I had an order of carnitas tacos, crispy steak tacos and an order of chicken quesadillas here. All were good, parts of the steak were too chewy to be consumed, but the majority was very good. Everything is made in front of you. Good place.
My husband and I were convinced to try this place after reading here that these were the best tacos in Miami. It literally is a hole in the wall - the lunch rush of 6 people filled the entire space. We each got the 3 steak tacos for $4.99 and were overly pleased - my husband ate another 3! I greatly enjoyed the simplicity of the steak, the onion, and cilantro plus that addicting avocado sauce they provided to us in a squeeze bottle. I saw later from another customer that sour cream was also available when requested (duly noted). The next day, we were very short on time and hurrying to make an appointment. We hoped to get some tacos quickly on our way, but El Taquito (whose signage indicates an opening time of 12 noon) was still closed at 12:15. When asked, the waiter/cook/cashier told us he needed 10 minutes to get us tacos and we were forced to settle for smoothies from Starbucks (oh the horror) due to time constraints. We were disappointed that he didn't open on time. Also, while we were there the first time, another customer tried to retrieve $100 from the ATM, which only gave him $20 and then reported a service error.  The ATM was clearly not owned by El Taquito, so all the employee could do was read the customer the service number printed on the front of the ATM and wish him luck. Quite unfortunate for that fellow. We made note not to use that ATM, ever.
This place is a great little mexican place.  Menu covers the basics.  They have a 2 tacos and soda deal for $5 which was perfect for lunch.  Another reviewer said there were not fish or veggie options, but there was definitely a mushroom and cheese quesadilla on the menu and probably a few more vege things.
Bummed - no veggie or fish options so I didn't get to try this place
el taquito is cool. small eatery, simple menu. i was here for lunch recently. i ordered una torta de carnitas (pork sandwich). i thought the meat was very well seasoned, and the portion, the sandwich itself was huge, but a bit greasy for me. the tacos however are pretty good. al pastor. served with onions and cilantro. the proper way. miami is finally getting better tacos. about time... ese.
This taco stand is excellent.  I have had many tacos here and they do not disappoint.  I hear they are open late too.  They are reasonably priced. I would give this place a higher rating if it wasn't so uncomfortable to sit on their wooden stools.
Our regular place for Tacos. Fantastic tacos for great price. Flavorful and the chef doesn't hold himself back when it comes to meat.
the best tacos in miami!
Head over to the little hole-in-the-wall that is El Taquito. Here, you'll find just a man and his flat-top grill. Pick between chicken, skirt steak, beef, or carnita tacos. Simple toppings include cilantro and chopped onion, with two varieties of salsa (verde and traditional red, both heavy on the cilantro) floating around. There's also rumored to be some sort of avocado sauce hidden in the back. Some pieces of skirt steak were on the chewy side, so I would opt for the carnitas-extremely tender and flavorful, the best outta the bunch hands down. Top with a dab of each salsa, a squeeze of lime, and you're good to go. This little taco shack has about 5 barstools in it for your sitting pleasure, so you may just want to eat while walking (should be an Olympic sport, if you ask me) or pick up, bring home and resume your daily activities. You'll kick yourself after you realize how many times you've drunkenly walked by this place without stopping in.
This place is on point. Zero frills here. Just great super casual Mexican food, cheap, and fast. Easily a contender for best tacos in Miami. The 3 tacos (of steak and/or chicken) for $5 is an amazing deal. Individual tacos are also priced well if you're looking for more options (e.g. carnitas, de cecina, al pastor, churrasco). For a heftier meal, try a torta--it is out of control. They're open pretty late too. Wednesday through Saturday, they close at 3am.
Thanks to Yelp another great find!! We wanted something small as we were on a city tour around Miami and dropped by at Coconut Grove for a quick look around. El Taquito is a small fast taco joint with limited stools to sit. If you are looking for a cheap find...but a GREAT cheap find, you will love this place- 3 tacos for $5 and your choice of meat. You can even mix and match. Their other items were also reasonably priced but we opted for the 3 tacos to share as we were on a food adventure in and around Miami. Definitely a thumbs up and hope to return one day!
Hidden gem in coconut grove. Small taqueria where 5 bucks will get you 3 delicious tacos! Make sure to add they green salsa because it's the BOMB :) **the chorizo quesadillas are great too** Love this place!
Only visited once but look forward to lunching here often. The carnitas tacos are great! Nothing fancy, just good food!
Execellent Tacos. You must have it as a meal or a snack! If you love the heat, ask for jalepenõ sauce!
The best tacos I found in Miami so far!!! I makes me think if tacos from LA!! A gem for sure!! If you are in the grove you must stop abs grab a taco! Al pastor is the best!!!
Great food, cheap! Small but an awesome value for the food. There is only like four chairs but if you are in a mood for a quick bite this is your place
Probably one of the better taco/mexican food placed in miami. The food is pretty cheap and comes out quick. The Tortas are the best.
Just a little hole in the wall kind of place. Great stop for quick tacos! Great prices and specials. Not your Taco Bell tacos. Just a few stools to eat a quick bite.
This is just how tacos should be. Cheap, simple, and delicious. 3-4 tacos will make it a meal. Try the chipotle sauce. There are only 4 or 5 stools if you want to stay and eat, otherwise it's a take-out place.
We happened to be in the area and ravenous. I found this place via reviews on yelp and am so glad we stopped. The whole place was 15'x15' and run by a single guy at lunchtime. Food is very, very reasonably priced, especially for the quantity. We got two different quesadillas - chicken/cheese and ham/pineapple/cheese. Both tasty and super fresh. We also ordered the tostaditos and beans (he was out of Pico de gallo) and we were glad we ended up with the beans. Don't go expecting a sit down experience - this is one of those amazing hole in the wall, grab and go places. Such a change up from the other supper yuppie eateries in the neighborhood! Highly recommend!
Delicious hole in the wall. Got the taco al pastor and carnitas, and both were delicious. Maybe if they gave two tacos it'd be less messy to eat, but can't fault them for that. Tasted like authentic Mexican street food - nothing too fancy, just simply cooked with the right ingredients, and at the right price. Will go back!
Meh, food is okay. Doesn't taste shitty. The tacos and taquitos are nothing more than a bit of meat and cilantro flakes wrapped in a small corn tortilla. Side sauces taste good though. Cost is too much for the small portion of food. Also customer service and politeness is lacking. I suspect all the high ratings are due to the bars around corner. Everyone who ate there are piss drunk. Mexican food always taste amazing when you're drunk. If you need a quick bite, it'll do I guess. Will not revisit.
Best cheap tacos you could ever eat. If you want a late night snack after bar hopping and you only have $5 in your pocket, that will get you two yummy tacos. Enjoy!
Holy s$&! These guys crank out some tasty tacos. And this is such a unique little place for cheap eats hidden among the swanky overpriced cafés and restaurants in the grove. The tacos are simple but flavorful, and they have some awesome salsas. The dude on the grill whipped up three for me in about two minutes. There was a massive leak in the ceiling that was being caught by a bucket on the floor. Added character. Awesome.
the food is great...they need a bigger place!
Tiny place, Big food!!! and oh so delicious and open late on the weekends for that taco fix!
Else taquito is awesome.  Great authentic style tacos at cheap prices. The only problem is that it is not really accessible and has no seating. I only go here after being out drinking in the grove and we stop at taquito for post-drink tacos.
Now we're talking! Great tacos, great meats, great prices. Life changing? No. But It's fresh and homemade. No frills, no fuss. Thank you for existing, El Taquito.
El Taquito is awesome. I'm so happy I live in walking distance to this place. The tacos and the tortas are delicious. It's the perfect place to stumble into once you've had a couple of drinks around the grove. There are only a couple stools that you can sit on, but I'll eat their tacos standing up, I don't care.
3 Tacos for five bucks?  Can't beat it.  Good, authentic stuff. I favor the carnitas.   The world needs more places this this.
Authentic. Good stuff. A recommended way to end a night at the grove if you can beat the crowd.
I have walked by this place a few times and just based on looks, I never wanted to eat there. It doesn't strike me as a place that serves good food. Well ever heard don't judge a book by its cover? The two guys working there seemed pleasant (this was around 12:30am) and the food was really good. I had the steak and carnitas taco, plus some steak combination taco. All the meat, onions and peppers are cooked right there. It was all tasty and delicious! And cheap. For roughly ten dollars we had 5 great tacos! I recommend going here for a late night munchie......or at any time for that matter.
OMG!! My gays coming in me. This place you step in and that's as far as you go. It's a shack. And damn... The tacos are fresh meat and full of cheese. I had the crispy tacos (hopefully my trainer and doctor doesn't read this) I had three of them. If I had a choice between a hot muscle man and one of these meaty tasty crispy tacos...I'd be very indecisive. This place is good. Clean and genuine guys. The food is fantastic and inexpensive.
We had chicken and beef tacos.  This is Mexican street food at its finest!  Quick service and a great price.  The flavors were excellent and authentic.  I haven't been able to find many places that do this style of street taco in Florida.  Top notch!
If you're drunk and starving then this place is perfect for you. However if you're not, the good lacks a bit if flavor. It's not bad, you can get something with more flavor from Taco Bell probably. But for the price and location then it works well.
We were hungry and really wanted to dig in some Mexican food even though we've been disappointed almost every time in the past. But this time was the right one! The place is a hole in the wall with a bar area and two or three seats but the food is incredible and prepared right in front of you. I got the beef tacos (combination 2) and I almost died within their deliciousness: juicy, fresh, tasty. Heaven on earth! Hubby for the chicken enchiladas with salsa verde and they were also incredibly tasteful! This little gem has reconciled us with Mexican food! I wish we'd have one back home in NJ!
The food is good but service is so bad! We came for our lunch break and we lucky our boss was with us, after 45 mins of waiting the server said the food was on the grill after an hr she came back and said they lost the ticket and wanted to take our order again!!! This is just ridiculous and so disrespectful
This is the epidome of "hole-in-the-wall", but the best you will ever find! If you are a taco lover like me, you will appreciate these. Not only is it in Coconut Grove, but it's open late so when you have the drunk munchies at 2am, it's there waiting there for you to stumble in drunkenly! These tacos do not disappoint. You can go at any time of the day and it's always the same 1-2 guys working. These guys really put love into these tacos, they are the most authentic and delicious ones I've had in Miami. Try the Al Pastor tacos and the carnitas. So Delicious!
authentic mexican taco place!! it has the 3 b's: bueno, bonito y barato!! good, awesome and cheap!!.. had them before going to the movies!!.. great choice!
Really a cool spot  - tacos were the bomb.com. Will be back soon :)
I can't believe what I'm about to say, this hole in the wall has become my favorite taco place in Miami, seriously. I'm often in the area and it's usually at or near the end of my regular workout so it's perfect. Their tacos are delicious, every time! Very reasonably priced too. Pick whatever you like on their menu, I'm sure it'll be good. Enjoy!
There is a god! I'm a Cali girl and finding tacos out here in Miami has been a mission to put it lightly. Finally stumbled upon this place and visit it frequently. Authentic Mexican street tacos. Plus the guys behind the counter are SO nice. They always let me add cheese and avocado to my tacos. They are the best.
This used to be one of my favorite inexpensive, Mexican places to eat at, but I was a bit disappointed yesterday. I hadn't been there in about a year or so, but I've been dreaming of the the enchiladas verdes. It seems as if they changed the tomatillo sauce recipe and started skimping on the cheese and sour cream. What was once a mouthgasm ended up being a backseat quickie. However, for the service, the tacos, and the prices, El Taquito still rocks. From now on, I'll just forgo the enchiladas verdes and order tacos instead. Maybe I'll try the enchiladas suizas next time...
This is one of a few places I know where I grab some good tacos. I really enjoyed eating some here. The price is just right for a delicious taco. This is worth a try if you ever happen to be around the area.
Best authentic tacos in Miami! If partying in the Grove, this is a must! After leaving the bars, this will most likely be the only place open for some munchies. I was impressed that they did not put a big sticker price on such deliciousness based on their location. Very cheap, & very good!!! Only a Mexican grandmother can do better. This is not a restaurant; It's pretty much a walk up window. Only has about 2 seats while you wait. Grab n Go! & dont be shy to try their hot sauce. I'd give it 5 stars if it had a few outdoor seats. Even a bench would do. I'm sure that this business will flourish & they will only continue to improve.
I have no working memory of Mexico, I haven't been since I was about 6. However, when I take a bite of these tacos, I am immediately transported to an 80 year old Mexican woman's adobe house where she has been serving her trademark, homemade tacos out of her kitchen window for the last 60 years. El Taquito's food is authentic, delicious, and SO cheap!! I usually go with an assortment of tacos (carnitas, churrasco, steak, or chicken) and an ice cold Jarritos, and I always leave satisfied and very, very happy. It's not a sit down restaurant, just a tiny hole in the wall right on Main Highway with a few bar stools - you can watch them make your food while you wait. Don't let the lack of formality deter you, you really only need a few minutes to inhale these tacos, and then you can make a night of it by exploring shops and bars near Cocowalk as well as scenic, waterfront S Bayshore Drive. It's definitely worth stopping by!
I found this little gem as I was walking to Coco walk. As I walked in I was stunned to find no tables as the place was as big as some walk in closets. In essence it is a real taco stand. Nothing fancy here, this isn't Rosa Mexicana or Mercadito with the" fancy schmancy" tex-mex fusion with God know whatever type of B.S. cuisine they try to sell to you as high end dinning. NO! This is down home real Mexican tacos at a real taco stand. This is what tacos are supposed to be. Simple but delicious street food. The tacos are made to order and at a very reasonable price. The tacos are very simple:small tortillas with chicken or beef with cilantro, onion, and a little cheese.. I think I paid 4.99 for three tacos. The sauces are great and the employees are friendly people. Only reason why it doesn't get 5 starts is because they have no beer and wine license. A good spicy taco needs to be enjoyed with a good cold beer.
This initial review is for the tacos only. I plan to return (soon) and sample other offerings from their menu. Simple, fresh, delicious and cheap! I stopped in here last week and enjoyed a carnitas taco and a carne asada taco. Part of me wishes I had ordered more, although I think the true beauty of this place is it's simplicity so it's appropriate that I started simple. These are not 'American' style tacos, they are the Mexican style which is just meat, onion and cilantro. You are given the option of adding cheese for a minimal cost, which of course I did. Lime is served on the side and you can choose from a spicy or mild salsa to add on top, which are delicious as well yet unnecessary. Oh, and I was sober for this experience. This place would be the perfect stop after a night of drinking...which will most likely occur tomorrow. But I think it says a lot for a place like this to say that it is NOT only a drunken food stop. FYI- limited places to sit and eat, so you are best off taking this to go.
Out-of-towner Review I'm still drooling over the tacos. During my last visit to Miami I took a stop in Little Havana in search of some authentic bites at a a non-tourist trap price. Boy did I hit the jackpot. I ordered 3 tacos, for 4.99. Two chicken, one steak. I waited maybe 5 minutes, and watched the cook make me what had to be one of the most delicious meals I've ever had in my life. He used fresh meat, (not frozen) and the cilantro and onions sprinkle on top was divine. I'm bummed that I discovered this place the last day of my trip. But I will be coming back next time I'm in Miami. Even if it is a 20 minute cab ride from South Beach. Mmhmm that good!
This is possibly my favorite place to eat tacos in the grove (minus fish tacos at sandbar because let's face it they are out of this world)....but any other time I will go to El Taquito any night of the week. The service is amazing...the guys who work there are so nice and sweet. It's service with a smile every time. The carnita tacos or the skirt steak tacos are my favorites. But I've tried probably every taco on the menu and have never been disappointed. If you haven't tried this place out your missing out on deliciousness!
DELICIOUS!!!!! I ordered the enchalidas, they were great (only complaint is that they were microwaved on a styrofoam plate to melt the cheese). Despite the potential toxins I consumed, I'll be back to try the tacos. Everything was fresh, delicious, and cheap! note: this place is teeny-tiny, only a few stools at the counter, and then some standing room.
B.E.S.T. freaking Tacos I have EVER had!!! OMG- SO SO good. Do yourself a favor and try these AMAZING tacos. They are even better than tacos you would get in Mexico- Enough said.
I love this place. Always place my order & walk around for 10 minutes then take it to go. Tastes fresh & good flavor.
Love the tacos... Makes me feel like I'm back in Los Angeles. Since we landed in the area I've been back often for lunch.
Pretty good tacos for a late night snack! This place is pretty much a taco stand and you can quickly eat at the counter or take it to go.  Prices are cheap and the eats are good! It's worth checking out even if you're sober. :)
Wonderfully delicious late night snack! Authentic and inexpensive - unlike anything else in the grove!!
Good tacos for a great price! The carnitas & steak tacos were delicious. They're on the small side so order an extra one because they are extra delicious!
Great tacos. When I used to work across the street, this was my go-to lunch place. And after a night at Sandbar or Moes, this was my go-to post-bar place. Great tacos, street-style; hadn't found these in Miami before (hadn't found much Mexican in Miami before...). Fairly priced at $2/taco. Food is served up quickly, which is particularly nice at 3 a.m. on Thursdays when there are 30+ UM students outside waiting for their turn to chow down.
I walked by this place recently and had to try it. Cool little take-out joint. Mexican food tends to be disappointing in Miami.  Had and enchiladas verdes with chicken; which was very good and a carnitas torta. Hope to try many other things here...
From the look of this place, You wouldn't expect the food to be as good as it is, but it was amazing. I was visiting town for business and staying 5 blocks away. I was in the mood for some Mexican food and found this place on Google. Glad I checked it out but now I wish there was a place this good at home. I had the green enchiladas with chicken. The sauce was delicious and the chicken was juicy.  It came with a healthy garnish of fresh cilantro and the right amount of cheese for this Wisconsonite. I gave serious consideration to ordering a second dish half-way through. Can't wait to come back for more!
Awesome taco stand. Fresh, authentic, Mexican-style tacos (not tex-mex). If you're easily deceived by looks, you won't give this tiny shop a second glance. No problem - more tacos for me! Try the EVERYTHING. it's all good.
Open Late?  CHECK, Reasonable Prices? CHECK, Delicious Home Cooked Meal? CHECK! I love El Taquito! Always made to order, always delicious and they remind me of the traditional Taquerias from So Cal. I love this place. Don't miss it! Best inexpensive Meal in the Grove.
Good by any standard. SPECTACULAR by Miami standards. Unfortunately, El Taquito doesn't get the traffic to support both the speed they need and the quality they desire. They compromise to survive and it shows in the food. +1 Owned by a family from Mexico City Authentic menu More or less authentic ingredients Fast service Cheap Excellent salsas Much better than most such places around town -1 Pre-cooked and stored meat Undercooked meat (relative to ideal flavor, not a food safety problem) Flavor isn't ideal Limited menu No fresh jalapenos Store-bought tortillas For those of you who are new to South Florida, Miami has some of the worst (if not the absolute worst) Mexican food in the country, as a general, established, accepted rule (feel free to disagree with me, I'll most likely call you names and may quite possibly have a seizure). With that said, the marketplace has recognized the vacuum and is slowly shifting Having lived in Northern and Southern California and Central and South Texas, I am somewhat obsessed with Mexican food. I don't profess to know it any better than anyone else or to be any better a judge of its quality, but I have my preferences... and my opinions. Any Mexican food in Miami that's above the morass of $h!t gets a bonus star. Anywhere else, I think El Taquito would be a solid 3-star place, possibly lower for the reasons outlined below. Nothing to write home about, but nothing to avoid either. Some background: this was my second visit. My first was in 2011 and it was a disaster. I had a very bad experience. Everything was super salty, there was gravy or something where there shouldn't have been, something was off, maybe it was the dude's first day... and to be fair, a) I don't completely remember, and b) it was immediately after moving here, and I apologize for not being able to fully substantiate it, but that's what it was. 2 stars at best. And the guy today swore up and down that neither the recipe nor management have changed. No clue what happened. This previous experience may color my judgment... but I don't think it does. Nevertheless, today was a very different experience. The owners are a family from Mexico City. This is a big plus and leads to a more authentic experience. Much like the effect of New York's "the water" on pizza, there's something about being in South Florida that makes it difficult to do Mexican food right. Maybe he wasn't using the right oil, or the flat top wasn't the right temperature, or the cow was the wrong breed, or the seasoning was off, but it just didn't have that flavor that it should have had. It also wasn't cooked long enough (long enough for food safety, not long enough to get how it should be). I think the true culprit and the biggest reason for losing the star: all the meat is pre-cooked. What are they thinking? Speed. They've made a conscious decision to sacrifice flavor and quality for speed. Why? They're open until 3 a.m. and cater to a sporadic crowd. What's that you say? You've had pre-cooked tacos that were excellent? Of course you have. Here's how it works: We could: A) wait for folks, cook to order, have folks wait for us, B) have protein always cooking, risking losing some to non-use, but nobody will have to wait, or C) pre-cook a little, store it, and then finish it on the grill to order, so people wait a little bit. We want to be authentic. To be authentic, our meat needs to cook for X seconds. Once we cook our meat X seconds, it's good for Y seconds. Unfortunately, the number of people that buy our food varies widely throughout the day and is unpredictable. Therefore, B above is out. We cater to a flighty group with multiple options, many of which are in hurry, many of which are drunk... if we don't spit this stuff out fast, we're going to lose them. Therefore, A above is out. That leaves C. The meat comes out lacking flavor, lacking color, and lacking authenticity. Therefore, El Taquito loses a star. They also don't have fresh jalapenos on hand. WTF? They also use store bought tortillas, further support for star removal.
Most delicious authentic tacoria in Miami. Everything on the menu is made fresh and tastes amazing.  The owners are super friendly and love to meet their customers. Ask for the avocado sauce... it's pretty much AMAZING.  Wish I could give the place 6 stars.
Best little hole-in-the-wall. So i stumbled upon this gem one night thinking it was still that crappy fast food joint that was previously there. Sweet baby jesus! the food cannot be more fresh and tasty, and you'll spend roughly 6 bucks for 3 tacos and a soda? amazing! These are the little joints that you go out of your way to go to. totally worth it. Ask for the chorizo and cheese taco. believe me.
A perfect little taqueria. Good, inexpensive food, served quickly, and without frills. The restaurant is small with few places to sit. It's prefect for a quick meal, either during the day or post-bar hopping.
These were probably the best tacos I've ever eaten! The guys behind the counter cook to order, so you know what you're eating is fresh. The beef was very pink, and they cut it right in front of me before putting it on the grill. I got four tacos, all different - three of beef, one of spiced pork. I put red and green chile sauce on them (bottles on the counter), and they were juicy and flavorful. If you want a great meal and don't want to lighten your wallet much, walk over!
Great tacos, very cheap, open late night. Simply awesome
Simple yet delicious.  Really grows on you after the first taco.  Then you have to place a second order and go back each time you go to the grove.
Let me start by saying "Churrasco Taco with onions, cilantro, and green sauce"....YUMMERS! Best tacos in town made with fresh ingredients right in front of you, for you! The chefs are friendly to all their customers and love what they do. You also can't beat the price! This is a "little hole in the wall", literally, that should not be missed by anyone!!! Totally recommend!!!
Magical tacos. You feel somehow transported to Mexico.  The little hole in the wall shop, the guy behind the counter working his taco magic. Low key relaxed, not in a hurry and not trying to impress ANYBODY. Two tacos (al pastor is my fav) is about 5 bites of perfection. Need to see and be seen? Need some ambiance and cool decor? Turn your nose up and walk on by babe, this ain't for you.
This taco stop serves true Mexican tacos, not that taco hell americanized poison that we shamelessly consume when we are on the go. The tacos are fresh and the salsa is great with either a spicy red or a guacamole green. The price is right, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who is pressed for time. With fresh tacos also comes a small wait that won't surpass 10 minutes but depends on what you order. Not to mention, you are going to want to sit down and enjoy your food if you can find a seat. Small place, so the dining space is limited. Overall, a great place to eat.
Great little place in the Grove for some good tacos! Tiny hole in the wall. Had the churasco tacos and they were great! Very tasty. Small but satisfying! Will definitely come back!
My boyfriend and I came here on Cinco de Mayo for some authentic tacos and that is exactly what we got. Tasty, delicious goodness made to order. The place is not much for ambience (it's teeny tiny), the menu is fairly small but the food was good, salsas were yummy and the service was lightening quick (did I mention cheap too?). Go, you won't be disappointed.
Eat here! Inexpensive and delicious. Do it! About as inexpensive as you are going to get in Coconut Grove while still getting great food.
Cheap, authentic tacos that are satisfying! It is a small place and it can get hot in there. Worth a stop if you are craving tacos and in the grove!
A small, hole-in-the-wall type place with incredible food! Try the quesadillas! The pork is especially good.
Short wait, fresh flour tortillas, savory meat, authentic Mexican salsas, best cure for a hangover.
Oh yeah baby! Very good and this is coming from someone who can't stand tacos and this little whole in the wall (literally) is just amazing. simplistic deliciousity (:
straight sober or drunk as a skunk, these are the best tacos in the world, really, don't believe me cause you've had them at a shit shack in mexico you swear to be the best, let's agree to disagree.   get the carnitas and a carnitas and maybe another carnitas for good measure, 3 usually does the trick.  they are 2 bones apiece and you can get them with or without cheese melted into the tortilla.  carnitas is slow roast pork so it's got three things going for it, slow, roast, and pork.  they top them with diced onion and cilantro and have a variety of sauces on the counter.  ask for the avocado sauce if it's not out in the open, sometimes they hide in the fridge, sneaky, they should chain it up like pens at the bank. sometimes, even when sober, ill walk here to get a torta for lunch.  it's a great sandwich complete with refried beans, meat of choice, lettuce, tomato, avocado, melted cheese, and sauce.  its awesome and usually takes 2 sittings to finish. I speak very little and quite horrendous spanish and the people that work here couldn't care less, they make you feel at home in such a tight space and always wave hello, even when I'm not stopping in.
Great spot for a snack or some food after a long night. Steak tacos are delicious!
Food was good, small and cozy, not a huge selection, but a great place for a quick snack!
These little taquitos are not bad if you want something quick to kill the hunger until you get home. They do have mexican tamarind soda which is delicious.
