This place is REALLY AWESOME! Price is fantastic and food is great! Excellent hummus, baba ganoush and baklava.
A Sunday afternoon spent with a plate of food from MMC is a day done well. Because of its location, MMC is a rare locals' jewel in South Beach but, for the sake of its success, everyone should know about the quality of a food they can expect at this small, family-run business. The food is really good but best, I think, when eaten at home. This isn't to take away from the restaurant. It's just that the venue is so small that spending the time to eat in there may give you claustrophobia. Best to simply take your grub, go home, relax on the couch, and pig out. My go-to was the gyro wrap with a large order of fries. The wrap provided more meat/toppings for your buck and the lightly-grilled wrap added another level of flavor/texture to what could be a very by-the-numbers dish. I was pleased to experience that the fry order was, indeed, large. The kindly bald gentleman behind the register was always more than fair to me and, in South Beach, that's a rarity. It should be appreciated. But, the gluttony didn't stop there. Check-in on your Yelp app and receive a free order of hummus (with pita). Yes, you read that right. For, about, $10, you can get a filling sandwich, large side and delicious second side. This kind of combo is hard to beat on the Beach. In fact, don't waste your time looking to try and beat it. You won't. Just come here, get your food, go home, and pass out in a food coma. Life on Sunday is good.
THE best Hummus you can ever eat!  The grilled pita served hot and a drizzle of olive oil makes this amazing.  The GYRO is so yum.  This place is close to work and a bunch of us eat there on a regular basis.   The owner is improving the tables/chairs and cleaning up from previous owners.  I highly recommend.  Nice people too.  The owners go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your food.
This place is pretty darn good! Things to order....  The best way to go is the mixed grill or chicken kabob dinner.  They use a charcoal grill that makes such I great difference!!  They definitely need more staff members because they get pretty busy. There prices are very affordable especially for the beach. You should give these guys a try, support these small businesses! I hate to see them close down. P.S. check in for a free hummus
Very good.  Clean, super nice service. The vegetables were really fresh.  The owner gave me Turkish tea upon my arrival, at no extra charge.  Love this little place!
Appearance from the street is bland, but we decided to give it a try;  the owner is Turkish and we are Arabs. Inside are a few tables and the place is quite small.  We ordered lentil soup, the veggie combo and chicken kebab combo, all to share since there were two of us. The food was served fresh and tasted good. My only complaint was the chicken was drier than expected and rice was more sticky than fluffy. We also got complimentary hot tea after our meal. It was good and I enjoyed it.
Incredible food! I just got back from a trip to Turkey and Greece and didn't have such great gyros there! Must try!
The service and food is exceptional quality. The owner makes you feel very welcomed and overall good guy.
The lentil soup is excellent, the pits are soft and cushiony. Highly recommend this spot for a quick meal.
Visiting from Chicago and we ordered the Hummus, Mix Grill Entree, Chicken Shish Kebob Entree, and Baby Lamb Chops. Everything was made fresh and tasted delicious. We tried a number of different Mediterranean places in Miami and none came close in taste and freshness to this place. Highly recommend.
Awesome food at a fair price. Super fresh, delicious and good portions.  tabouli and the baklava were my favorites.
Awesome! I loved the food. I ordered the mixed grill of meat, the kadalif dessert and the Greek salad. Everything was really good! They even gave me a free hummus with pita when I told them that it was my first time to order from them. The owner told me , that if I had cash to pay , he will give me 10% discount . But , I only had 28 $ cash, he accepted it . My check was 35$. I couldn't believe it ! They were very friendly and accommodating! I will definitely share this place with my friends !
It amazes me how guys from the old country can stand in front of me and say that the mechanically processed goo on a stick is the proper meat for gyros or shawarma.  I tried a sample--it was dreadful.   I had the hummus and pita--it is excellent--with some tea while I waiting for some lamb chops, rice and salad to go.  The lamb was overcooked but tasty, Americanized (lettuce, no olives) Greek salad was ok and the rice was tasty and cooked just right.  Pita in the to-go box was stale. Nice character and good prices for South Beach.  Would go again for the hummus, pita and tea.
This place pretty much feeds me every single day! The owner is ALWAYS there, prepping, cooking and making sure everyone is taken care of. Some days you can't even walk in here because of how hot it is and how busy those fires are from cooking up delicious Mediterranean food all day! I feel like I've had almost everything on the menu! Falafel, chicken, kefta, lamb you name it, this guy has it and is preparing it the way it should be! Oh did I mention the tastiest gyro meat?! Save room for dessert as they also regularly prepare trays of baklava for that touch of sweetness you need after a meal! Seriously love this place!
This place USED to be awesome, not anymore under the new management. Beware of the tall waitress with glasses! She overcharged me for my food and when asked about it she became extremely rude. My doner wrap was served DRY without any sauce and I had to ask twice for pita bread with my soup. What bothers me more is that I have been a customer since the restaurant was first opened and I used to love it. Thumbs down to the new manager and in particular to the rude unreasonable tall waitress with glasses!
Busy eating my chicken Kabob, fresh salad and to die for humus. Just come and try them yourself.  Thumbs up!
Food is awesome and very fair prices :) Also the Turkish house tea is wonderful! Will definitely return, the hummus is a must!!
Simply delicious! We loved everything we ordered and the owner AB was there and took good care of us. Very good food and friendly service! We will be back! Be sure to get the Falafel Plate, its Amazing!!!
Amazing!! Traditional Turkish food and great service, the man who served us, who I assume was the owner, was so friendly. The hummus and hot pita are the perfect starters. We had the lamb chops which were amazing and so tender. Best food in Miami without a doubt!
This place is awesome! It's a little dive that you would probably walk by but the food is delicious! The hummus (free with yelp check in) was very tasty and fresh. The gyro sandwich was  pretty good. The lamb/beef didn't gave much flavor, something was missing but the yogurt sauce made up for the flavor. The service was great! Everyone was nice and helpful. They gave me a Turkish tea and a piece of baklava for free. The baklava was so good I got an order to go! Overall, I would definitely recommend this spot. I will certainly be back on my next Miami trip.
Stuck overnight in Miami between connecting flights and my wife found a little B & B in South Beach. We were starving so checked Yelp for a place to eat and found this little hole in the wall. We are not Greek but I love a good Gyro and she had the chicken shish and we were pleased. I wish the salad had olives but the gyro, rice and pitas were perfect. We split a Snapple iced tea and took a Baklava to go and spent just under $30.
Delicious! The hummus is so good and their lamb is so tender. I also had a piece of chicken from the chicken kebab plate and it was also very juicy and tender. Affordable and good portions.
I'll give this place  5 stars, the food there is really good, if you'll  touristing around Miami and you'll tired of that bad food and priced restaurants on ocean drive you gotta try this place, this is the second year we coming to Miami and this place is one of my favorite places around south beach..
This was my favorite spot as I live right around the corner. They just switched over management and are very disorganized. I ordered to go but saw one customer served the incorrect order (which they replaced). They also now charge a credit card fee without informing you. Cook was very confused. Food OK - not bad. Hopefully they will work out the kinks. It was a nice place to pick up sandwiches to take to the beach.
Just ordered from here from the first time and absolutely love it.  The hummus is delicious, the pita arrived warm and so did the rest of the food.  The lentil soup is great.  Great service as well...the food was delivered timely and correct.  Definitely will order from here again.   Overall I ordered the Adana kebab, hummus, lentil soup and dessert.
I went with family, we were 6 ppl and it was not easy to set there, we had to move the tables around to accommodate. However, when the food came, we forgot all about space and we got busy with only eating delicious genuine Turkish grill. I recommend this resutsnt
Great place to grab a bite when you're near south beach. Staff are friendly, food's fresh and delicious and totally cheap for the great services and quality of food. Definitely check it out.
Excellent falafel. I ordered the falafel appetizer (comes w hummus, pita & sauces for dipping). It was under $5 which was great. There is new management and the manager was attentive to all the customer's needs. He noticed I was enjoying the falafel so he gave me a few extra on the house. The only thing I didn't like was that you could only pay by cash or credit card. I usually prefer debit. Also there was no ice, which meant tap water was a no-go. A small bottle of water was $2 which really won't satiate your thirst on a hot Miami day. I think this place is definitely worth your while, and I am sure the kinks will be worked out with the new management.
Not sure what the hype was all about lol I actually went there with high hopes.. Their food is bland and lacking flavor. You can get a better meal anywhere else. Sorry but, the place kinda question the cleanliness of my food as well.
The food is great, but service is very poor. Tried to pay by credit card, but was told that paying by cash is better. Asked if I get a discount or something, but he didn't reply. Asked for credit card receipt and the employee refused to give me a customer copy. Honestly, What are you trying to hide?! Excellent tasting food with very bad service and nowhere to sit.
As shocking as this may be to hear, there comes a time when you've just had too much Cuban food. Tender, melting chunks of pork, sweet plantains, thick stewed black beans -- those things are heavenly, but after a couple of days, you need something a little . . . fresher. More healthy. Less likely to send you into a food coma when you want to party all night! In that frame of mind, my sister and I entered MMC wanting a bit of a break. They delivered and more! Everything was impeccably fresh, delicious and light. Their cuisine was pan-Mediterranean, but they're Turkish-owned, so that was where most of the flavors fell. Here's what we tried: Shepherd Salad: A taste of vine-ripened, perfectly red tomatoes in the middle of February was like being transported from the back of the line at the MVA to the front row at a rock concert. Add peppers, cucumbers, onions, herbs and a sumac-spiked lemony vinaigrette, and you have the perfect antidote to Cuban overload. But we didn't stop there: Hummus and Babaganoush: We ordered the baba first, and then after checking in on Yelp found we had an offer for free hummus. So we tried both. They were outstanding. Babaganoush is really my favorite, because I love the smoky eggplant flavor, but the hummus was perfectly creamy, topped with olive oil and paprika and perfect with the toasted pita they kept bringing out. Falafel: For me, this is the true test of a Middle Eastern restaurant. MMC came through. The balls were perfectly sized, light and airy inside, crispy and spicy all at once. With tahini sauce and a side salad, perfect! Gyro: My sister ordered this, and I tried it, but was just too full to do it justice. It was tender and flavorful meat, though, served with rice and more salad and pita. In our enthusiasm for this delicious food, our plan to eat healthy may have backfired as we ordered way too much. But the owner happily wrapped it up for us and beamed when we requested more sumac. He was really welcoming, and the atmosphere (though quite casual) inviting. If we ever make it back to Miami, we'll visit again!
Small, perfect place and location, one stop great food, amazing service.... I really recommend this place... Love it
Love love this place! Food is great and fast delivery. Whoever answers the phones is always in a rush. Love the sample of hummus and pita!
Delicious!! Ordered the food to our hotel after a long day in the sun and it came exactly as scheduled. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars was because the food was not the hottest, and they only accepted cash. But in all honesty the flavor made up for it. I ordered the mix grill entree and my sister got the baby lamb chops. The menu price for it was 14 and 18 but it was actually raised to 17 and  20 due to the high demand for lamb. It was so worth it!! Delicious buttery and fully flavored rice, bursting with flavor chicken and lamb. The salad was even well seasoned. The service over the phone was perfect. And again we received our food in half hour. This is my 2nd day in Miami and I already want it again!!
Unexpectedly GREAT Mediterranean food ! One of the best, rich flavors, perfectly cooked. Conveniently located on 11th St /Ocean Dr. It's not a place to Sit/Relax have a View etc, etc - rather just no - fuss eating! Be it dine-in or take-out, the delivery is fast!
The gyro is the best I have ever had. The reason is it is homemade. Juicy, flavorful, and no bread. Everything else is excellent as well. Ali is proud of his place and should be!
Amazing fire grilled food, great service! No bar, so bring your own booze and don't go crazy ;) chicken Kebob, salads and baklava were out of this world!
Stopped by this tiny hole in the wall place with my sister while in south beach Miami. It's about maybe 5 tables. The staff here Super friendly. This totally reminded me of the food I had when I traveled to ISTANBUL. I felt like I was back in Turkey.  Turkish coffee was a great compliment after dinner. All it was missing was the baklava or kadayif dessert. Everything was flipping fantastic & I  highly recommend. Checkin on yelp and get free hummus ;-)
Excellent cheap, authentic Greek food just like in Greece.  Food is so good and so cheap for this area.  It's a great place for lunch, or an afternoon pita.  Very hole in the wall, but those places are the best! Fast, affordable, and delicious.  If you want good food, but don't want to go broke in SoBe, go here! I got the falafel pita for like $8 and it was filling and delicious.  The tomato feta salad is awesome, too.
What a surprise! Its a little gem with amazing food located in the heart of South Beach. We stumbled on this place yesterday and now I cant wait to go back, the food was sooo delicious and fresh and the service was so good i almost forgot i was in South Beach...yes, this tiny Mediterranean restaurant has no big bells and whistles no fancy décor its casual and welcoming in every way. You wont be disappointed!
My husband and I came here for lunch on a trip to SoBe and loved our food. The chicken salad and shwarma plate were fresh and delicious. Pita was warm and hummus was good too. It did take a while (approx 30 minutes) to receive our food but we were quite forgiving given it was lunch time.
Yummy... Ordered the gyros sandwich, taziki, and fries.. plenty of food.. Reasonably priced. . All was DELICIOUS! Had it delivered! And got here befor time due. Yes.. I will be ordering again. Thank you!! Definitely Recommend.
Basically the best deal in town in sobe.  Came here for lunch twice during our 4 day stay.  The place is not anything fancy, but its clean and has a few tables and a tv so that people could watch soccer if they wanted to.  We had the chicken and shish kebab platters that for a mere $13 came with a kebob, rice pilaf, salad, taziki sauce and warm pita bread.  The platter was tasty and filling and cheap! For $28 for two people this was the cheapest (and dare i say it one of the best) meal we had in SoBe.
Looking for Mediterranean food, I saw the highly-rated Miami Mediterranean Cuisine on Yelp (at one point, it apparently was called Istanbul Kebab House).  At the time, I had no idea I had been here before many years ago with some Turks because I was not familiar with South Beach and its streets, but quickly recognized it once I walked in and saw the decor.   Miami Mediterranean is tucked away on a side road between Collins Avenue and Washington Avenue.  It is sandwiched between other stores and establishments and if you blink, you might miss it.  In fact, we almost drove by.  Parking can be found on Washington, if you're lucky.  If it's just me, I'd rather just walk here than deal with the parking situation. Despite what others are saying, this is NOT a Greek restaurant -- it is Turkish, as if the flag on their wall was not enough of an indication, and the ownership and staff is all Turk.  They have been operating at this spot for 6 years, a feat in and of itself, which is pretty impressive considering SoBe rents and the fickle shelf-life of its establishments. Once you enter, you realize how small this place really is.  It pretty much resembles a cafeteria, with a counter and a few tables and chairs.  Very simple.  There is a gyro machine for those wanting to order gyro, something that is not always seen at places that try to pass off the fact that they have gyro, so that made a good impression on me.  I definitely want to try their gyro, which runs about $8, quite affordable for SoBe standards.   You order at the counter and sit down, and one of the employees brings out the food.  Once you're done eating, you go up to the counter to pay.  My friend and I ordered grape leaves for an appetizer, and as an entree, he got the baby lamb chops and I got a mixed grill platter. The grape leaves came out to less than $5 and you get about 5 -- not bad at all.  Although some of you may be used to having them with meat, these are the vegetarian version containing pine nuts, herbs, and rice.  They are served cold -- again, something not everyone may be used to, as some places serve them hot.  The appetizer comes with tzatziki sauce prepared in the Turkish style (they actually call it Cacik, not tzatziki), and unlike its Greek variation, it does not contain garlic.  It was thick and you could detect the cucumber chunks, just the way I like it.  Pita bread is also brought to the table.  By the way, I suggest checking into Yelp, as this will get you a complimentary order of Hummus, which is actually pretty good. By the time we finished, we got the entrees.  The entrees come with their house salad, which is very tasty, and a good portion of rice.  The house salad has lettuce, cucumber, tomato, onion, sumac, and a light dressing.  It was delicious and refreshing and my friend liked it too, even though he's not a big salad person.  Although my friend would not share a whole lamb chop, he gave me a piece and it was very tender.  I am glad they marinated it very lightly, mostly with oil.  I actually enjoy the taste of lamb, which some people find strong, and I really hate when they mask the taste with an abundance of spices and marinades.  What's the point of doing that and paying the mark-up on lamb if it basically is going to end up tasting like beef? My friend was full, and I have to say, the price was pretty decent, considering it's SoBe -- less than $20 for about 5 lamb chops.   My mixed grill entree was also delicious.  It came with lamb shish, chicken and kofte kebab.  The lamb shish was my favorite, very tender and flavorful.  I liked this dish because it allowed me to experience the different cuts of meat. As to drinks, there's a cooler with such selections as Sarikiz, Uludag, a yogurt drink, or sodas.  Tea is on the house, and it's good (but strong), so I recommend it.  Although the tradition is to drink it after your meal, you can have it with it.  It's hot, and brought in a small glass cup, but careful! You can burn your lips easily.  It is strong, so be prepared, you probably will want to add sugar. As to desserts, there are two choices: Kadayif or Baklava.  Since everyone and their mother carries Baklava (and I had the Kadayif before with the Turks I mentioned in the beginning of my review), I decided that's what we should share.  It's good, and syrupy, but it's not swimming in the stuff, the wires are just slightly moistened, and the cheese inside is not overpowering.   The food was pretty filling.  We had lunch around 2:30-3:00 and never had dinner.   Everyone in the restaurant was Turkish and spoke in Turkish.  A Turkish channel played on a TV in the background.  The fact that Turks are coming here is a pretty good sign that this place is authentic, and well-liked in the Turkish community.  It's always a good sign to see natives patronizing an establishment.  They also have free delivery. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for authentic Turkish food and not wanting to pay $100+ to eat.
Probably the only place that serves food that you don't feel like you're being ripped off in South Beach. I stopped back here for lunch and a quick cover from the rain. Service was quick and to the point and the food is some of the best Mediterranean food I've had in awhile. The place is tiny and definitely not a fancy sit in but I wouldn't mind coming back for future bites. A fellow traveler ordered a tea and it was on the house. Granted it wasn't a big cup of tea but it was very nice of them to offer.
This place is a must. Not shiny, but food and service is incredible! super friendly staff, and we didn't taste anything that wasn't perfection!
I live for hummus and this place provides. The food is all fresh and sooo tasty. I would recommend the gyro plate! Affordable too, especially since it's so close to ocean.
Went here for lunch about a week ago with a friend. I got the döner sandwich it was great.  My buddy got the chicken and salad he said it was good. We also got a freshly made eggplant salad -delicious. Great home cooked food at very reasonable prices. Will definitely add this place to my rotation of restaurants!
Great price and delicious gyro!  I stopped in by myself for the yelp check-in special of free humus.  I ended up talking with one of their family members about Turkey (the country), economics, and life. Most tester aunts here are overpriced.
Gyros!!! They are so good. Bring cash, don't accept credit cards (although there is an atm) I absolutely love their baklava dessert. Hummus is great too. The atmosphere here is very sobe. Strange and hot. They have awesome arabian dance music playing. Really adds to the experience. Open late!
This is a place where you can have some good proper Turkish fast food; kebabs, sides, gyro (döner) etc. Prices are very good and staff is easy. They even have wheat pita. Just the shepherd's salad need to be chopped into smaller pieces.
Great food! We ordered delivery randomly and we loved it. It was fresh and meat was cooked perfectly! We will def order more!:)
This is my go-to stop for lunch breaks. I usually order my food through Eat24 and my order is ready to go. Everything is fresh and flavorful - and service is friendly. Miami Mediterranean is a must if you're craving Gyros or other greek/turkish meals!
This is by far the BEST Middle Eastern Resturant I've been to in Miami (Btw I'm from the Middle East) Everything is made to order and fresh. Also portions are very good considering your in South Beach.  Place is a whole in the wall but Fantastic food quality
My favorite place to eat on south beach!!! Service is great and the people are very personable. Even gave us samples of their food. Best bang for your buck considering how over priced food is here. And the food, AMAZING!!
The best TURKISH Restaurant in south beach miami! That place reminded me that i am in Turkey.  Not only turkish kebab but also salat is delicious!
Can't hate on the food here. So tasty and the price is great for being on S. Beach!
Halal, cooked fresh in front of you, relax during the short wait. Owner asks you to pay after your meal. Falafel plate delish. Comes with salad, hummus, baba gahonush.
Great place, well priced and friendly service. Went here three times when I was in Miami, foods great especially after a big night at a club. They are also open really late in the morning.
Like most things in life, you get what you pay for. Trying to order over the phone was impossible. In person, I tried to order the fatoush salad for my girlfriend, and, not knowing what that salad looked like they ended up giving me a tabouli. Out of the free hummus, and the quality of the food was subpar. Never again.
Price and customer service can't be beat! Portion were quite generous and definitely enough for a full meal. Ordering an app and plate was enough for two people really. Delivery in 20 minutes. BRAVO!
I was looking for a place to go for lunch close to my job .... The food is great .. The people that works there are  very friendly .. My fav is the hummus ...but the have good menus and many healthy choices ... I had the chicken gyro it was really good
This place is small, almost missed it but the food is amazing here. We had the hummus, falafel, grape leaves, and 2 chicken wraps. Everything was delicious. We left completely satisfied and prices are very decent. Will definitely be back.
I didn,t like mediterranean food as much as i like now... Because this place!! Everything there is fresh and tasty.. I don't usually eat rice, but the rice there is so good. I tried the gyro, the chicken wings, hummus, and my favorite, the mix grill  ( an assortment of meats over rice and really good salad) Delivery service is quik and food always comes hot
I'm hesitant to review this place because I don't want it to get too overcrowded since there are few tables. The quality of the ingredients is A+. I don't know where they get their tomatoes but they're red and juicy. The lamb is seasoned perfectly. The tabouli, babaganush, hummus, lentil soup, everything is so delicious! On a Mediterranean food high.
Just had delivery of lamb kebabs, falafel wrap, dolmas and humus. All excellent. I can't wait till I'm in Mia again to eat their food.
Excellent!!! This hole in the wall Greek restaurant was a great little place I stumbled upon while on my lunch break with a coworker! There are many dishes available to try, but we went with the appetizer platter that came with babaganush, hummus, a to-die-for falafel, and an excellent eggplant tomato salad. For my entree I selected the chicken shish kabob, which was incredibly tender and juicy, with a nice seasoning. It came with a decent size plate of rice with orzo and a lettuce, tomato, and cucumber salad. Amazing! My coworker tried the gyro platter, and the small piece of meat I tasted was also juicy and tender, and tasted great! We were thoroughly stuffed after finishing our entire appetizer and entree dishes! Best part- all the food was cooked fresh and right in plain view, you see everything prepared right in front of you! After speaking to the incredibly nice owner/chef for a few minutes after we finished our meal, he offered us some complimentary pieces of baklava... OH MY GOD... Best baklava I have EVER had in my life! We just had to order a larger piece since he had just pulled a freshly baked tray out of the over! This place is truly a hidden gem in the heart of south beach! I encourage anyone to give it a try, I will definitely be returning to try more dishes in the near future!
This place is great,  the food and the service are amazing,  the food was delicious...
real good. fresh ingredients.  good for vegetarian and carnivores alike, however no fish on the menu. grape leaves good, rice, tabouli, lamb, gyro, salad, humus all real tasty.
Amazing food and employees are willing to customize your order. They are usually a full house at night so not much room to sit and occasionally smoky inside when it's busy but the food is worth it. Gyro & baba gahonush are my favorite
Food was so great from hummus and stuffed grape leaves to baklava. Recommend to anyone looking for great food.
Usually order delivery from them and it's always fast and efficient. Which is saying a lot on the beach! Descent prices; great food, fresh and delicious. One of the best falafel wraps on the beach.
Good AUTHENTIC greek/turkish food hands down! The price is decent which makes this place even better! We stubble by this place by accident and LOVED it. We had the gyro, hummus, fries and turkish tea. I haven't had authentic turkish tea since NYC.
This is a small, kind of divey place that could be great, but it's not. We ordered the chicken kebab, lamb kebab, veggie delight, hummus & baba ganoush.  The lamb was a little tough, but otherwise the food was delicious. I give the food 4 stars.  Service gets 2 stars (being generous here). The waiter was clueless, he didn't know anything about the items on the menu, he screwed up the order, then screwed up the bill.  When we told him he brought out the wrong plate, he didn't even apologize, just kind of shrugged his shoulders and gave us an empty look until we said "it's ok, don't worry about it".  Then he turned around and walked away.  Even by Miami standards, he was bad.  But he did tell us that they don't have filtered water, so if we want water, we need to get bottled water...  And finally, it's not the cleanest of places, the bathroom didn't have soap, didn't have paper towels... which raises hygiene questions.  You know, the waiter, the cook, they use the same bathroom...
3.5 hole in the wall, quick bite kind of place.  Its small, with a hand full of tables across from the counter, they deliver and the food comes out quick. the menu is above and accompanied with pics. It smelled yummy inside, but i wouldn't eat here before a party or a movie because you will smell like food and greek food after. I went to the movies after, i tried to air out my clothes but i probably smelled like hummus :/ speaking of hummus, i ordered that and it was a great size and it tasted homemade n authentic. If you check in on yelp they offer complimentary hummus with order of entree. the Greek salad was great and could be shared. i tried ordering a feta wrapped in filo dough it may have had spinach, but they ran out. i ended up with a lentil soup with a side of rice- which could have been a meal in itself if i hadnt ordered with my eyes, i ended up sharing hummus and a greek salad all to my self. It was too much food but everything was tasty. Reason why i had to take a star down, was the falafel. Bf ordered it and we weren't impressed. :( And who doesnt wanna enjoy falafel at a greek place?
This place is the bomb! We had the lamb chops and mixed grill both of which was delicious. The hummus was so fresh and is to die for.
This is some of the best Mediterranean food I have ever had.  We loved the tabbouleh (best ever!!), babaganush (so smoky and so yummy!), hummus (creamy and rich) and the falafels are to-die-for (OMG!!!)!!!!! We found it using the Yelp app and would have never found it otherwise.  Thanks Yelp for this great find!!!
I ordered from this place on a weekend night when I was alone and feeling sorry for myself. I figured some Hummus could be comforting. I also ordered a Mediterranean Salad (big enough for two) and Lentil Soup. The Pita Bread was amazingly hot! And the hummus was just what the doctor ordered. It was a perfect blend of chick peas with garlic and some citrus juice. The lentil soup was a little mushy but it was delicious. The delivery was prompt. I think it was less than half an hour. For all that food, $20 including tax and tip was extremely reasonable. I would definitely recommend it for good Middle Eastern food. I'll go again for sure.
MUST GO ! Im Arab and i really can tell if that kind of food is great or not, that restaurant is really one of the best restaurants ever ! I came all the way from Orlando just to eat here. It definitely worth ! I liked the chicken more than the beef.
I live and work on the beach and have been in search of an awesome gyro for over a month. I received an over-sized post card of their menu and so we decided to try it. About 20-30 minutes after placing our order- BAM. Amazingness at the door. We ordered the gyro and adana entrees and the cigar rolls and falafel appetizers. Everything was warm and tasty and came in at a total of $36. Not bad for a Mediterranean feast. One word of warning- be wary of that long grilled pepper that comes with the entrees. I happily ate mine with no problem however my boyfriend set his mouth on fire with his (and I had a bite too- he wasn't just putting on a show!). I'm excited to have such a tasty food option that is open late night (they told us 2am on Sundays 5am the rest of the week. Whhaatt!!?). Excited to order again!
I work on the beach, so we frequently order lunch for delivery. We recently received a flyer for a new mediterranean restaurant and we decided to give it a shot. We ordered falafel, hummus, some kind of crispy egg rolls stuffed with feta cheese, and soup. The food arrived promptly, was still warm and fresh, and best of all, it was DEE-LICIOUS!!! I think we have found a true gem on the beach.
Like some have mentioned, this is surprisingly great mediterranean food! The chicken shish kebobs I had were cooked to perfection, and the serving size was more than ideal. Will definitely be going back for my Mediterranean fix! Not to mention the great service.
A modest place with GREAT FOOD and an affable owner/cook.   I've eaten in good Greek and Turkish restaurants overseas as well as in NYC, DC, and SF .  This place is as good as any and better than most.  The hummus is creamy and tasty.  The falafels are hot and good.  The tabbouleh is fresh-made -- the best I've ever had.  And the baba ganoush got a blue ribbon from my partner who called it unbelievably smokey (probably because we spotted big eggplants setting directly on each of the gas stove burners when we went in). Be clear:  the place is as hole-in-the-wall-plain as the food is terrific.  There are 6-8 booths against one wall -- running parallel to  the grill and kitchen on the other side of the narrow restaurant.  Who cares?  You will feel like the smartest local in South Beach.
pretty good to get a quick bite after the beach.. the hummus with pita bread... was great.. especially with the taboulli salad.!
Ordered the Lamb Shish Kebab Platter with Hummus and Baklava! Everything was great and fresh the taste was sooooo good, so glad I found them here on yelp. Not to mention delivery was very quick! Cant wait to order here again :)
How is it that these little off the beaten path restaurants far surpass their more expensive counterparts??  This place is great.  The hummus is great, the gyro is flavorful and delicious and served as a nice sized portion, the falafel is great, and the shepherd salad was also great.  And if you like spicy, spread that red pepper sauce all over everything.  It's the spiciest (hot) sauce I have tasted in a very long time.  All in all, five star little spot.  I'll definitely be returning!
I ordered lunch from this place based on Yelp reviews and I am so happy I did.  The food was excellent and everything was fresh.  I ordered the Mediterranean salad, a gyro pita and french fries.  My order arrived in a timely manner and the food was enough for two people.  I will order from here again.
Ordered delivery which was easy and showed up on time. The hummus was good, Greek salad ehh mostly tomatoes. The chicken shish plate was also way too salty.
Excellent food.  By far the best place in Miami Beach for Kabob and Mediterranean food in general, hands down.  For starters, everything is prepared fresh on the spot and grilled right in front of you, unlike other establishments where they simply re-heat/microwave food that's been sitting there.   Also, they give you tons of food, no extra side charges for rice, salad, and no little mini portions either.  They give you a plentiful serving of rice, bread and salad with your order.  Their kabobs are also really long.  Other kabob places only give you just a few pieces of kabob, this place gives you a big meal.   Most importantly the place and the workers are very clean; the workers here wash their hands and everything before handling the food right in front of you. Unfortunately places like this are rare in SoBe.  Keep up the good work!!!
