I only gave the place 3 stars because I've never actually been there, but I have eaten from there.  There's only one word to describe EVERYTHING I've had from this place.... DELICIOUS!!! One day I'll make my way to the actual establishment and write another review :)
Great local place for shrimp and fish sandwhiches. Ordered the Pan con Minuta (Fish Sandwhich Butterfly style) and the Breaded Shrimp Sandwhich. The shrimp sandwhich was a little better. Succulent and the breading not too heavy. Cheap and fast. Standing place only. Definitely will go back and try some of the other things like Fried Grouper Cheeks.
Tried out the fish sandwich, the lobster sandwich and fried shrimp! The lobster was juicy and succulent, my friends and I were fighting for the pieces that had fallen out of the sandwich! The shrimp tasted so fresh, like it had some lingering ocean water from the juices! The fish sandwich tasted authentic, with the onions doing a lot of the heavy lifting in terms of flavor. I wish they had the whole lobster because they said they had run out, as well as the black eyed peas.
I stopped in on a Sunday for lunch and the place was packed but were able to slide into a small spot at the counter. Even though they were packed, they have so many people working behind the counter that we got immediate service...Started out with orders of the fried oysters, fried shrimp and the black eyed fritters and we had are food in about 3 minutes...ridiculously fast!! And since we watched them cook it right in front of us you definitely know that your food hasn't been sitting around waiting to fill a order. The fried oysters have a different breaded texture than other places fried oysters and they are very good. The fried shrimp were gigantic and very tasty...shrimp is an oxymoron for their dish. Both dishes were enough for a meal..very large portions. The black-eyed fritters reminded me of hush puppies which is a good thing although the taste is slighty different. I then ordered the famous pan con minuto sandwich but I ordered mine plain and just added hot sauce after it was delivered. If you don't like a lot of condiments on your sandwich make sure to tell the server because it normally comes with condiments which is part of the allure of the sandwich but I am a meat and bread type of guy so no condiments for me. Even without them the fish was great tasting and what a deal for only $3.75. Overall the service was friendly and fast, the servings were huge and the prices were very affordable. I great place to hit for lunch...I just wish they were open later.
4 stars for the food...+1 more star because it's SO CHEAP. So after trying out all the places on yelp (ie: Joe's Stone Crab, Versailles, Puerto Sagua, Ceviche 105...and note that all the fancy places in this location I've pretty much tried in LA and NY)...this has to be the best food place I went to. Delivers food fast. $1 for black eye peas, the fish filet sandwich thing, fried shrimp with rice, and green plantains...all for $18! Super full. Definitely would recommend coming out here.
When we travel, we try to eat at the more unique, local places - places the locals in-the-know go to. These places are not in high traffic tourist areas so they must have quailty food to get repeat business from the locals. We found this place on Yelp and it fits the bill. You walk in and there are no seats. There are counters where you can stand and eat. Good. Seats are over-rated anyways. Another observation is that the menu is in Spanish with smaller English words to the right for the occasional gringo who comes in. Good. Furthermore, we were the only ones among the customers and employees who can speak English fluently. Another great sign. We had the fried grouper cheeks, which was tender, tasty, and overall amazing. The chili combo (calamari, fish, shrimp) was delicious. The ceviche, fried oysters, and fried calamari were all very well done. I suspect you can eat every item on the menu and not be disappointed.
This place is great. We went there for a quick bite to eat on the road and had an excellent experience. The owner was there eating lunch and made sure that we were taken care of, like bringing a high chair automatically and ushering us to a table immediately. We had the grouper soup, the camarones burrito and the fried fish sandwich. They were out of snapper but offered mahi mahi or wahoo instead. At first I thought the prices were steep but the prices matched the amount of food received accordingly. The fish sandwich was on the smaller size ($5) and the burrito was larger ($11). My daughter loved the grouper soup-it was given as an appetizer and occupied her while we waited for the other items to arrive. The women's bathroom was very clean. There appeared to be a lot of locals. Would come back here for sure.
Amazing spot for a quick bite...and standing room only (literally) makes La Camaronera an amazing experience.   Bollitos de carita?  WTF is that?  Black Eyed peas never tasted so good...mmmmmh! A friend of mine mentioned the folks working there operated like a fine tuned machine, everyone knows their place/spot in the process of creating some really good eats... You gotta go!
Have you ever heard, "anything fried is good?"  Well that saying is absolutely true for this place. And to top it off, everything is FRESH! Talk about fast food! If you want GREAT quality fresh seafood, this is the place to be! Not one thing on the menu is bad! The sandwiches and fish tacos are AMAZING! And even though its fried, its not greasy! Even the flan (which is a dessert) is great! The only bad thing I have to comment on this place is that its not opened for dinner. And do plan to stand at the counter and eat because their are no stools or chairs here. This is a place you don't come to linger. Get in, order and eat!
This place is an experience mostly because I had no idea that there were no tables and chairs in the joint. However, no one there seemed to mind as the place was packed. The bf shared some perfectly cooked mahi fingers and some stone crabs. The mahi fingers were great with the tarter sauce found in large squeeze bottles on the counter. The stone crabs could have used a special sauce as well, but oh well. Service was fast and friendly and we had no trouble ordering in English. The place was clean and extremely affordable. I'm not really a fan of the whole stand up while you eat thing, but the fish sandwiches looked awesome so I might have to come back and try it again or just find the food truck next time.
Excellent meal, nothing beats good or great cheap sea food. Overall impression was very favorable. The atmosphere is fun, you stand at a bar and eat which you may or may not like. If it's just the food you want, your going to be happy.   Fried oysters- on par with some of the best I have had. Stone crab- hard to go wrong here when it's in season.   Shrimp sandwich- this was one of my favorite items, highly recommend it. Mahi sandwich- right up there with the shrimp sandwich   Yellow tail sandwich- I don't think I will be ordering this again.
Thanks to Yelp for leading us to this fabulous gem of a restaurant in Little Havana, as it seems unlikely that we would have found it on our own. We had the pan con minuto sandwich, which is essentially a "snapper cuban." All the comforts of fried without the messy grease, this is one delicious sandwich and a must try if you make only one trip here. I could have eaten 2-3 of these alone. Ultimately, with enough time, I'd like to try everything on the menu.  Being curious about the grouper cheeks (ventrecha frita) mentioned in other reviews, I ordered a plate and found them to be quite superb, extremely meaty and tender ... essentially the dark meat of the fish, if you will. Highly recommended. If you can, hit this place during the off peak hours (e.g., mid afternoon) so you can linger for a bit and soak up the ambience created by all the colorful neighborhood characters that come through this joint.
If you are into fried seafood then this is the place to go! The non fried stuff wasn't that great. Good: Fried Snapper sandwich, Fried fish roe Eh: Cerviche, oyster shooter
I love this restaurant! i have been coming here since i was little with my father. Everything is always fresh and well cooked. This is some of the best seafood I have ever had. The atmosphere is lively and upbeat. Even if you dont know anyone there you feel like part of the family. I wanted to give this place 5 stars but the location is terrible. Its in an old beat up shopping mall that seems very dirty but the store is NOT AT ALL. I love this place and if youre new to miami please come here to experience what miami seafood should be about!
First time coming here and I was very excited to try their snapper sandwich and shrimp tacos, but it was very disappointing, the shrimp tacos were bland, rubbery, and poorly seasoned..the snapper sandwich was the worst!! It tasted like the fish had been sitting on the counter for weeks..!! The bread was good, but that was about it..
I make it a point to try to make it to La Camaronera at least once a week. I rave about the Pan con minuta to whomever talks to me about food. I have brought family and friends here just to watch their face melt as they try everything on the menu. I always order too much because I can never decide what I want, because I want everything. Cheap food. Nice people. And the amazing smell of fresh fish, and fried everything. One of my favorite Miami spots.
The food is fresh and reasonably priced (after their renovation). The comment that I would like to make is that 90% of the seafood is fried.
This is one of those few places in Miami that truly merits 5 entire stars. I love seafood, and that is one hell of a minuta sandwhich. La Camaronera is that type of establishment that I miss when I am away from Miami. Their fried shrimp.. their conch fritters.. their fried calamari.. their soups..  all of it. It's just a little piece of heaven right smack down in shady ol' Flagler.
Reminds me of home: NOLA / dive restaurant with killer fried shrimp Great spot before a Marlins game! No seating and limited menu but quite good - culturally cool spot.
I initially drove to this place with high expectations after reading so many good reviews. At fist I was just a bit disappointed, the food was not bad at all, but it wasn't outstanding as many people have rated. Again, food was fresh, had an okay flavor, but I had better. However, I believe any restaurant should be rated not only on the flavor of the food, but also the service, personnel, facilities & the overall atmosphere of the place. Although the food was simply good, the service was the best I have ever seen since moving to South Florida in 1994.  In fact, I will place it on the top 5 of all the places I have visited around the world. My waitress name was Dayana; she was simply outstanding. I ordered a beer, she kindly explained the license issue & where to get it to bring back to the restaurant. I elected to simply stay rather than walking next door. We ordered a few appetizers; shrimp empanadas, conch fritters & fish soup. We also ordered a fried fish & fry shrimps with fries. After getting the meals, our waitress offered me a beer the table next to us instructed her to give away since they brought a six pack & could not finish it. Now, that is what I call service. Attention to details goes a long way. This place has a lot going on; good food, superb service, it's clean & the clientele seemed happy to be there. Great atmosphere & for that, I will give it 5 stars. I highly recommend this place. I will return.
We found this place using the Food Network app and came since Diners Drive-Ins and Dives came, we really wanted to try it. We were really excited and unfortunately we were somewhat disappointed. My friends and I ordered a lot, so I tried different stuff. Firstly, the snapper sandwich was pretty good. They have really good tartar sauce which I added to all my food. The conch fritters were amazing. Really good. The rest: shrimp, calamari, and soup was extremely fishy. I couldn't even finish my soup due to its fishiness. I think DDD featured the snapper sandwich and it was good, everything else was not so great. This place is not for those who aren't big seafood fans.
Two words..fried lobster! You get to choose what size lobster tail you want (pay per lb) which is awesome because you can have as much or little as you like. Entrees are also good with nice portions. Also the restaurant is BYOB. There is a store next door that sells beer if you'd like more than water or soda. *Cash only*
La Camaronera Fish Market has the "Best Fish Sandwich" according to last year's Best of Miami issue...  The Garcia brothers have been fryin' up home Cuban favorites at this Little Havana seafood joint for 36 years. I ate my first fish sandwich at La Camaronera with my father at a young age and the same staff is still there and yes, they still remember my father and I. Make sure you get a single beer at the market next door (for the full experience), enjoy some Black Eyed Pea Fritters and chow down on a "Pan con Minuto" (Snapper Sandwich). This "happy meal" will cost less than $6 giving fast food places a run for their money. Warning: there are no tables or chairs in this no-frills eatery and you will leave smelling like fried food.
Had to check out La Camaonera because it was on Diners Drive-ins and Dives. The place is hidden in the corner of a strip mall. The fish was great, we had the whole fried fish and shrimp. The rice and plantain sides were a little blah but, the fish was very good! I would definitely come back to this spot. CASH ONLY!
This place is all about the bare necessitates, if you are expecting class, elegance, or even chairs; then you are in the wrong place. Well they did just renovate the place and now there are chairs, but either do not expect high end. This place is all about good food in a loud place. Warning you must be a seafood fan if not go somewhere else. There pan con minuta (fried snapper sandwich) is the best thing and its amazing for a great price. Their fried shrimp and calamari are out of this world and everything is prepared right in front of you and you know its fresh, because its also a fish market. If you don' speak Spanish take a friend who does, because you will need it, but the place is worth it.
I love finding great food at great prices.  This place is definitely worth taking a trip to Little Havana to eat a great fish sandwich, fried lobster and shrimp and raw oysters. I found the best way to eat the raw oysters was to ask for a small bowl and remove the oysters from the shooter glass, leaving the liquid.  The liquid makes the oysters taste bland. Then, you ask for the waiter to make you the sauce that is served with the crab claws and you use that as a dipping sauce for your oysters.  The oysters are unbelievably fresh.   There is no seating but you should be aware of this. Don't go here and complain about the lack of seating.  If you want a seat, go to Red Lobster.  Service is prompt and efficient.  Great gem of a restaurant.
yummy. easy to get to via public transport. The food is great. Service is wonderful. Best if you come with a group so you can share and taste a bit of everything. I had the grouper soup, but I thought it was just meh. Only drawback is there's no beer or wine.
Little to no english but not a problem. Had the original and some conch fritters. Fritters are small but tasty. Sandwich is simple and good. I would try more but way full enuff. Maybe another trip.
New to the area and came here with some co-workers. I like what I would term basic no-frills restaurants rather than pretentious places. I liked this place a lot. I had the Pan con Minuta fish sandwich and the grouper soup. The fish sandwich was really tasty, but it had a little too much sauce on it. The soup was also good, but then I added some of the hot sauce and then it was really good. Next time I plan on getting the shrimp tacos or the shrimp burrito. Also I would say the prices are reasonable. My lunch with tip cost $12.00.
Food is amazing, great little hole in the wall to eat delicious fried fish. Place tends to get busy but the staff is very accommodating. Will definitely come back again.
The oysters were served in a cup instead of on the shells. Most of the food are deep fried. One star giving to the very friendly waitress.
I tried their famous snapper sandwich.  It was okay.  Mine didn't exactly look like the photos other yelpers posted.  There was less sauce and onions.  So, it was a bit dry.  They've remodeled and there is modern, clean seating area.  My server sucked.  She had an attitude and was not helpful.  She didn't give me the correct change.  It wasn't a big deal since it was only 15 cents.  Whatever, that was the only tip she got from me.  The area is pretty ghetto.  I don't recommend it.
This place is awesome. The staff is very friendly and the service is quick. Even the other patrons are talkative and friendly. I ordered tostones and a whole fried yellow tail. Amazing! Both cooked to perfection and quite tasty. The only thing that would have made it better for me was mustard and hot sauce. Other than that this place is the bomb.
Has to be the best fried fish spot around! The only reason they dont get that last star is because I find it inconvenient to have to go to the atm every time I want to eat here. But the food is well worth it.
Scoop up the scrumptious snapper sandwich soon; so super you'll be scoffing at similar sandwiches. They leave part the tail on the fried fish as a garnish. Great balance of sauce, onions, bread, and perfectly fried fish. I want another. Now. Bonus for having a really hot green sauce at the table. Grouper soup was very different - I've never had an intense fish soup before, beware- it's heavily fish scented. Very different texture. The market part of the restaurant is small, maybe 7 kinds of fish, but everything looks very fresh and in order.
The food is great ! I never had any complaints ! Get the fried shrimp with fries or the shrimp sandwich
newly remodeled! now there is space to sit down and waiters the prices are still the same and BRING CASH! fresh fish and very fast food. the rice is amazing and a side order is more than enough for lunch, maybe with a side of a minuta. the bread (when fresh) is soft and perfect (but it has his hard days!) I just wish they had more desserts since the food is salty and my sweet tooth wanted  some attention. They have new tvs also.
We were hanging out in Miami for a few hours on our way to the Airport and decided to give this Little Havana local seafood dive a try, we are glad we did. Typical Cuban Seafood served up uber fresh and casual
Must-see Miami.  If you're scared off by Palacio de los Jugos this place is a little more user-friendly but is still ALL Miami. Grouper cheeks attached to bone (think of them as deep-sea chicken wings) $7 per pound (a good snack for one). Ex-cellent.
Awesome. 4 orders of fried shrimp Later. A whole fish and amazing rice. Go there. Stand at the bar and eat like crazy Loved this place Everyone was nice too!
DEAR GOD!!!!!! Stuffed Seafood Burrito is heaven! I can't explain it. This post does not give this meal any justice. You MUST try this dish. It is absolutely amazing! Waiters and very nice and helpful. Not a big menu which is good. I highly recommend this place!!!
I am a fan!!! fantastic fish sandwiches, great fried fish roes and so reasonably priced the only thing i am not a fan of is the grouper soup, to me, there's simply not enough flavor to it, pretty bland i think can't wait to go back to Miami and have that sandwich again
I try to make it out here as much as I can when I'm in the area for work or fun. It really is a hole in the wall and yes, you eat while standing, but the food here is as cheap and as good as it gets for a local eatery. While most of the food is fried, its still seafood heaven. If you want to eat on the cheap, order a Pan con Minuta (fish filet sandwich) and a side of black bean fritters for a total of 5 bucks! On the other hand, if you want to spend a little more for even better food, get deep fried lobster fritters (typically meat from a lobster around 1.5lbs) and maybe a side of rice and tostones. This will run you about 25 bucks Perhaps the thing i get the most is the their fish filet entree special. It's a ginormous portion of deep fried fish filet, served with yellow rice and tostones for right about 16 bucks! You cant go wrong as long as you like fried seafood! Awesome place.
Diners, drive-ins, and dives on food network has delivered once again. We stopped at this tiny diner/fish market in Little Havana to try the fried lobster. OMG! It was excellent! It was light, not greasy, and cooked to perfection. We also has a shrimp platter which came with rice and plantains. The rice was excellent, the plantains needed a little flavor. We topped it off with a couple of pineapple sodas that were quite refreshing on such a hot day. This was a unique dining experience because you walk up, order, and eat right at the counter while standing. No chairs in sight. The guy who served us was very friendly and made sure we knew how the process worked. The only downside was the price. I think he gave us a double order of lobster but for fried lobster (no sides), shrimp platter, 2 sodas: $45. I expected it to be a lot but not that much. It's okay though b/c I'm on vacation and I'll probably never have deep fried lobster again!
My mom and I traveled on the double-decker Tri-Rail to Government Center. Then, we took the 208 bus to Little Havanna.  We will definitely rent a car and drive next time!  However, we loved every bite at this hole in the wall location. (Note: Everything is fried except for the sides) We ordered the shrimp, lobster, and fish.  All hot and fresh. It was a great casual meal.   (Guy's autograph clearly displayed on the wall to the far right.)
Located in the heart of little havana. In a small cramped shopping plaza. No chairs just counter space to eat on, crazy packed but oh so good. Took a while to get attended to but once our order was taken our food was served in under 10 minutes. Pan con minuta!!!!!   5.00 awesome Fried Shrimp 8.00 it was my craving but honestly wasnt good ;( Seafood rice was around 12.00 Fries 3.00 They have a food truck that u can follow on fb (the fish box)
First, please note this is a cash only place, and parking can be rough.  The place is always packed around lunch time, and for good reason. The shrimp sandwiches here are amazing.  It is simple perfection, as much as a shrimp sandwich can be simple and perfect.  Lightly battered and fried shrimp (so juicy they pop in your mouth), soft bread, fresh onions, tangy tartar sauce make up the perfect combination.  One sandwich normally isn't enough, so remember to order two.
I was here last week and the food is good and cheap.  For four people we ordered their fish sandwich, fried fish eggs, fried calamari, the mahi sandwich, and other assorted items off the menu because the price was so reasonable.   It's standing room only though and the clientele are mostly locals and construction workers.  I came as a tourist and everyone was very friendly.
After many research, this was the first restaurant I wanted to try after arriving in Miami.  The restaurant has no tables and chairs but stand up counters only.  The cookline is right in front of you and the servers are huzzling and buzzling around taking orders, serving foods, and ringing up tabs. Can't miss the "Sopa De Cherna" Grouper soup, it was excellent!  Of course, can't miss the "original pan con miuta (snapper sandwich)" either, out came a whole fried snapper sandwiched between two buns! I think next time will order without the buns though.  Then orderd the Huevas Frittas (Fried Fish Roe), I grown up eating fish roes and found it very tasty, though preferred it fried whole instead of in pieces.  This dish is not for the faint of heart.     Small parking lot but customers come and go quickly since this eatery doesn't offer sitting.  Great place for lunch!
Pan con Minuta sandwich is great ... try it topped with the pineapple cole slaw. CASH only ... ATM on premise Follow the Fish Box on Twitter & Facebok
This place is so good we waited until it opened the next day to come back. La Camaronera is a very casual place. Quick-serve style. You can eat at the food bar or table. Lots of locals, tourists and families. The fish is amazingly fresh and the restaurant is clean and bright. They feature a fantastic latin/american menu with some Cuban classics and much more. The prices reflect a great value for the quality of the food. I have had many restaurant experiences in Miami. Most were very elegant, expensive and stylish. This little place is none of those things, bit it is on the top of the list.
Excellent place to eat fish and you really can't beat their prices. I recommend this small restaurant if you are in Little Habana area.
During my most recent visit in Miami, I had to return for the Minuta fish sandwich and was pleasantly surprised that this establishment took over an adjourning space and added a spacious and modern eat-in area with table service.  Still a GREAT value even with a tip and still the best fish sandwich I have every had!  A must try!
Service was here was okay, couple of waiters just serving you water and greeting you. The owner was friendly and seated everyone who came in! It was nice finally seeing the owner upfront doing work and communicating with the customers. Got the snapper sandwich. I love seafood but I think it was a bit too fishy for me. Also, the breaded/fried shrimp was thee most amazing shrimp I ever had. Shrimp tacos were also great! a MUST place to go if you visit Miami.
You must go there! Their Fried Lobster and fried fish was sooo delicious and fresh ! You must go there if your craving fried seafood ! Now you officially have the Supreme Touch!
This is one of Miami's best kept secrets... Food here is pretty basic but absolutely delicious. Fried shrimp sandwich was really good (I had it without ketchup but liberally added their homemade hot sauce).  The fried shrimp were excellent. The fried corn meal balls (five for $1) were also made well. I checked to see how much they were selling shrimp for and it was around $13/lb which seems average for Miami. If you're in the area this is a great place to stop for lunch.
Cash only?? Are you kidding?  And the ATM ends up charging an additional $4.50. The food is good but over priced. Not a bad place but could be better.
The location of the restaurant is a bit sketch. We came because of the high yelp rating. We were a bit intimitated because everyone ordered in Spanish, but you can get around with English. The food isn't bad for fried food. People told us the fried snapper sandwich is the house special. Be ready to eat fried fish with bones. We felt it is a bit overrated. The meat is a bit overcook, losing its moisture. I would actually recommend the Crab Cake Sandwich. Crab Cake toped with mini-fries, sandwiched on buns - yummy. A word of caution, don't order the key lime pie. Bring cash, as credit card isn't accepted.
I love this place.  Popular with tourists and locals alike, La Camaronera has long mastered the art of fried seafood.  First timers must start with the camaronera sandwich.  Their fried shrimp may be the best in Miami; you can still taste the ocean in these phenomenal crustaceans.  I can also vouch for the fried oysters, it's a great dish to share, and sharing does seem key around here, as everyone just kind of stands around chowing down on seafood, and passing around plates of hush puppies or oysters.  Old Cubans are busy tearing apart whole fish, and every other person seems to be holding a Materva or Jupina.  It's a true Miami experience, and never the slightest bit pretentious.   The first thing you'll notice is that there isn't any seating, but this is actually quite strategic in my opinion, as the lack of chairs keeps customers from hanging out any longer than necessary.  The place can get cramped, so it is essential to keep traffic moving.  Ultimately, La Camaronera is Little Havana at its most charming: another secluded, little hole in the wall that's been doing the same thing for thirty years.
First time here and it was a great experience. We wanted to go to find a hidden gem and away from the highly populated and loud tourist spots. We came upon this place and it was such a great find. The restaurant is located in a not so pleasant looking area and the outside of the restaurant doesn't look too inviting. Once you get in, you will notice a bar setup where people have a choice to walk up to the bar and order and eat there while you stand or be seated at a table. The server seated us immediately and the first thing I noticed was how clean the place was. They have nice tv's mounted on the wall and the tables are spaced apart well so you're not practically eating with the party next to you. Our server was very helpful. She was pleasant and answered all our questions and provided great recommendations. We ordered the fried shrimp, fried calamari and fries. They were seasoned well and were not oily at all. We went on to order the fish filet combo which comes with plantains and rice with fish bites in it. Very good! The fish was lightly breaded and fresh. The rice with fish bites was delicious! My wife ordered the camaronera burrito which had shrimp and fish. It was very good as well and pretty big so it might be good for sharing. The snapper sandwich was very good as well and not greasy for only $5! Finally the shrimp tacos had great flavors and the portions were just right. Overall, this place is a great gem and I recommend this to everyone. I'm from San Diego and mexican food is in abundance. This cuban flare was a great breath of fresh air. Parking may be a pain so be mindful of that.
Oh man, I love this place. I came about a year ago, and then just recently returned. I was surprised to find it had doubled in size, which is fantastic! Now there is a seating area with table service. Their seafood is really fresh and the prices are great. I ordered a minuta sandwich and calamari for appetizer. I wish they weren't located where they are, which is quite far from my house, but regardless, I'll never stop coming here.
We came here without accessing this website and the reviews prior to going. :( hence, didnt 'know what to order! I saw a recommendation in trip advisor. The place is kinda hidden. We found the place as we had their adddress and GPS'ed it. Limited parking in lot. ATM inside the restaurant. :) We just happened to be at South Pointe Park and was able to conveniently get there before closing. It was too early for dinner, so I had had an appetizer. I had a soup. There was just rice bits in there. I didn't taste or see any fish bits. We  also had the fried oysters. The oysters were a bit small though. 6 or so fried small oysters for abt $7.50. The only thing is that you use the lemons or hot sauce but they don't put any flavoring in the food. No seasoning. I found it too bland. My hubs had a fried salmon. It was a bit too dry for me. I wanted to try the fried shrimp but too much fried stuff for me. The place is good, but it would be nice to have other options than deep fry. If it closed just a little later, that would be nice also. Be helpful to speak Spanish. I took a couple of yeas, so I was able to order in broken Spanish. :P I may go back and try what the other locals were having. Saw alot of people having the fried fish.
I went there last week. Just eat it...
I've had better seafood on the beach in Vietnam than here.  Overrate.
Got treated like shit. Owner which I can clearly see didnt attempt helping out my table oh but for all the people came by that he knew oh treatment them like gold learn how to teach your server respect and clean ness oh and to not to throw my freaking food like if I was a dog so definitely telling people not to vote for new times best seafood sorry but yal ruin my experience.
Try the fried shrimp and seafood burrito, sooooo good, they stuff that burrito with seafood- they're not cheap. My friend and I split it, but if you have the appetite to eat it alone, go for it. The shrimp was so fresh. Perfect!
No flavor at all. I was very disappointed at everything i ate. The sandwich was terrible. The $15 fried chilli seafood was just ok and a little burnt. The seafood burrito tasted odd like a seafood alfredo. I do not recommend
Overrated. I don't think the portions : price ratio is fair at all. I paid $20 thinking it would be enough for me and my boyfriend to share...pfft! yeah right. I open the two little to-go boxes, fried shrimp in one and conch fritters in the other. 4 pieces of shrimp and 5 marble sized fritters (they were small compared to the fritters I'm used to) not worth the price in my opinion. My stepdad (who's a fisherman) does 100x better shrimp than this place, it's no wonder he hardly ever dines out because he knows there's mostly crap out there for what you pay. Also the bloody parking SUCKS bigtime! If you're brave, you can park on the side street but try not to get sideswiped as you're exiting as my boyfriend almost did. Even though I parked as close as possible to the curb, the cars still almost took my side view mirror. The whole time I was waiting for my boyfriend to come back, I was paranoid that a car was gonna hit me. Im willing to bet the portions and pricing were probably better before Mr. Guy Fieri came, but since then, they probably capitalized by raising the prices since mostly tourists make a stop at this place because of the food network star. You know who hasn't changed and its still a big draw for tourists and locals alike? Versailles. Their pricing is fair and their portions are more than enough. Me and my boyfriend could share a plate of food at Versailles and be fine for the price we paid at La Camaromierda. We shared what we ordered but I felt so bad for my boyfriend that I had to buy Wendys (Wendys!) to make up for the lack of food we received. If you want better shrimp, come down to my stepfathers house in Hialeah Gardens, we're cheaper and the portions are extra hearty! By the way, just looking at the reviewers below me tells me that it's turned into a big tourist trap. One girl is from Brooklyn, the other from San Diego...They're obviously clueless but since I'm a local and i've lived here all my life i'm telling you to spend your money elsewhere, don't get duped like some of the dummies here. Oh and one last thing, its CASH ONLY...It's 2013.
Our first meal in Miami after arriving at our hotel.  I found this place through yelp since it has many great reviews from locals. When we arrived at this place, we almost drive away without giving it a chance due to the fact that the surrounding is so ghetto that we were afraid to get out of the car and ventured inside.  But we decided to give it a chance since it got so many great reviews. We are so glad that we did, the food were delicious and people were really nice and friendly.  We might try to come back here again to try more dishes on the menu.
Loved this cute little seafood joint in the middle of west flagler.  I especially enjoyed the new seating they have and the quick service for lunch. I ordered a pan con minuta, which is a fish sandwich with their mystery sauce and topped with onions.  It was perfectly fried, not greasy or mushy.  I loved every minute of it! I also tried their conch fritters, which were also great and not overly battered or spicy.  We had a great time and I will definitely be coming again to La Camaronera!
Don't question it. Get the fried shrimp. Despite how good the seafood burrito looks, the seafood burrito was not good at all. Prices are reasonable. Atmosphere is casual. Great spot for lunch.
We were driving down Miami and stopped by for lunch.  We have eaten here before the renovation when my fiance took me here many times and the food is still fresh and yummy.  The new place looks great, they have added sitting area so you don't have to stand while you savor their food.  We always get the fried oysters and shrimp, fish sandwich, and seafood rice.  Great seafood but beware, it's CASH ONLY!
This place is dynamite. Small simple menu of quality seafood. The fried shrimp are a must. Great batter on all their fried seafood. Conch fritters are good but a little small. Black eyed pea fritters were yummy. All the fish sandwiches are good but maybe too much bread to fish. And not too big on ketchup and chopped onions, but that's me. Their rice though, holy crap, out of bounds. I'd suggest the shrimp plate as best bang for your buck but it's all good. Despite what other reviewers noted it seemed like primarily a local crowd there but then again  we were out of owners ourselves. Staff was friendly and efficient.  They don't serve alcohol but they let you bring in your own. Prices are maybe a tad steep but you're paying for quality and supporting a local family business.  One if my fave meals on my trip to Miami. Cash only kids, come prepared.
They have added to their menu.  I had the Camaronera Burrito.  It is huge.  Go in hungry.  It is nice to see new items, but will stick to the Minuta sandwich and bollito de carita (black eyed pea fritter). Not a fancy place.  Standing room only.  Service is fast and sometimes friendly.  Bring your dollars, cash only. Enjoy
Best. Fish. Sandwich. Ever. Tried the Pan Con Minuta and the Camaronera sandwiches and they were both outstanding. I will revisit this establishment.
You can't go wrong with the pan con minuta, best fried shrimp ever, bean fritters. I hope they pay the fry guy well because he's amazing.
the seafood here is fresh and delicious! service is excellent and the food comes out quickly =] the tres leches here is the best i've ever had. i'd come back to miami just for it.
This is a relatively tourist friendly restaurant in little havana. By "tourist friendly" I mean that the menu is written in English along with Spanish, and I spotted a number of Orange Bowl visitors in attendance as we ate lunch here. With that said, the place also has quite a bit of history and appeal to it. First off, the pan con minuta sandwich is quite tasty and only $5. Their fried oysters are also very tasty. Most of the food here is fried, but it is well fried and tasty. Also it is relatively cheap. We will come back.
The food was good, and the service was great, but I found it really expensive. I'm sure there's better seafood around for cheaper, and I will find it. Blee dat! So for now, you guys get three stars.
Great local Seafood Shack. Its located in a strip mall in the corner of the mall. Very small parking lot so you might have to park in the street. Once you get in you notice no chairs and tables! That's right its standing room only! Their fish and crab are fresh! Caught by their own Fisherman. I love their Fried Shrimp sandwich ,Calamari, fried Grouper and Mahi and Oyster raw or fried. They make their soups and seafood rice dishes daily! Always Hot and Fresh!The staff is very friendly and helpful in taking your order, They have Daily Specials as well as a Fish market in the back of the restaurant. THEY ONLY TAKE CASH! So Leave the Credit Cards in your wallet when you come here. One of Miami's Seafood Institutions!
This place has delicious seafood. When I come out of there I feel like a million bucks! Highly recommend it.
What can I add that hasn't already been said about this spot?  Fresh fried seafood, bring ca$h.
Awesome!!! Best $5 sandwich in Miami!
I like the fried shrimp, the mahi sandwich, and the key lime pie.  The waiter seemed very attentative for our meals.  Lunch for 4: Mahi Sandwich, Oysters shooter (8), Shrimp Burrito (which is good), Shrimp tacos (4), one drink, and key lime: $53/without tips. I believe this is a decent place with great lunch.   Hope you enjoy the meals like I did.... Ok but you have to stop by lunch and it closed at 5:30PM daily...
Great food at great prices. The grouper soup, snapper sandwich, sweet chili assorted fry, and fried shrimp were all fantastic. Came out piping hot and crispy. Batter has great flavor and the tartar sauce tastes great also.
Fried Shrimp is excellent, tried a shrimp burrito and wasnt impressed wouldnt order that again. The place is only cash and has limited parking so if you try going for lunch make sure you get there early. However, they are fast and you can be done within 30 minutes and be back in an hour (if you work in Brickell). This place is in an old school Little Havana strip mall, it doesnt have any tables only a counter and you have to stand up the entire time. The prices are not expensive but not that cheap either considering the type of restaurant that it is. Also, everything is friend so dont come here expecting to be healthy or you wont be happy.
Their foods are delicious! Don't forget to check out the original snapper sandwich! Would love to be back again.
This place has been in the same location for AT least 35 years, for lunch it is very good , very inexpensive,  fresh fish plates and sandwiches , no seating though just stand up lunch counter .Try the Minuta con Pan sandwich ,or their seafood with rice , both excellent.If you like fish soup theirs is also very good.They also have a fresh fish market in the back which is very reasonable in prices.
I was pretty damn happy with my minuta and calamari.... and I'm not a seafood fan. The place is packed with tight seating and not fancy, but it's not supposed to be.
Had the fried oysters, how can you go wrong, my husband had a fried fish sandwich which was yummy and the whole meal was quite tasty.  I love the fact that this place is down the street.  We tried to come back and realized they close at 5:30 which is really stupid.  Also they are cash only which is pretty stupid but standard in little havana. Also it is really packed.  That said they are yummy, friendly, fast, and super cheap.  I would recommend a visit if you are in town.
There are three things that made this place memorable: fresh seafood, fried to perfection, and not a seat in the house. The food was so good here I forgot I was standing up to eat it.  So fresh and so nicely fried.  What a great combination. It was fun pointing at the fish I wanted. They then pulled it from the display casing, prepared it, and served on my plate to eat.  It'll be really helpful if you know how to speak spanish too.
The place is small, but you get really fresh seafood. Beware with the parking its hectic. They are most famous for the grouper soup and El pan con minuta. The place its small, an yes you eat standing but regardless of the matter the food its good and i have yet to go anytime of the day and find this place empty or close to it.
This place is just addicting! The mahi fingers  and the black eyed pea fritters are just so good together. Their own tartar sauce is fingerlickin' good. After I purchased their daily caught shrimp I will go to  no other place except La Camaronera for my shrimp. In closing words just GO GO GO GO GO!
I have been going to this hole in a wall all my life. Hands down you must order the conch fritters and the pan con minuta sandwich!!! Even though this place is amazing please go with this in mind: it is regularly packed so make time for the experience, parking is not easy as it is located in a shopping center in Little Havana and they only accept cash. Aside from that which aren't huge negatives, it is a MUST for fish lovers!!!
Hey, this place has easy parking! Great starting surprise. I came for the snapper sandwich, ended up with a mahi mahi special sandwich and fried shrimp. The sandwich was fresh and piping hot. The table sauces, kind of like tarter and spicy cocktail, are good. The unexpected winner was the shrimp. Life changing. The batter was exceptional, but it was the texture of the shrimp that blew my mind. Perfectly cooked, moist, tender. Unbelievable shrimp.
Great spot fresh food
Although a cliche La Camaronera is a"hidden little gem" in Little Havana that Miami foodies must try. The fried oysters, lightly battered, are fresh and incredibly flavorful and even tastier when you add their homemade hot sauce! The next must have is the fried shrimp sandwich, my personal favorite which I could have daily, which is served on Cuban bread with chopped onions and their special blend of sauces. The place is fantastically old school with a sole counter that has no chairs so be prepared to eat standing but as I wrote it is well worth it. Did I mention that it is inexpensive as well however it is Cash Only. Also, in the back is a full seafood market with the some of the freshest catches of the day... The only advice that I have is that when arriving do not wait for one the guys behind the counter to come to you or you will wait awhile! Be prepared to be somewhat aggressive and not afraid to call out for someone to come and take your order...
The only thing i eat is the fish sandwich. It just so happens that every time i come to this awesome place, it's always packed. So because of this i always get my fish freshly fried. I hate it when food just sits waiting to be eaten. I tried their fish rice and i can safely say I've had better. I'll just stick to my sandwich. There is no place to sit so if you have little rugrats, you should get it to-go or just sit them on top of the counter.
Its wait at the counter stand up, though there is plentiful counter. We had the camarones (shrimp) which were excellent!, as well as the grouper. I finished a large grouper fillet. It comes fresh from the fryer, cooked to perfection, but with nothing else but limes, tartar sauce, ketchup and hot sauce. Expect to pay about $13 and bring your Spanish.
By far the best fried shrimp EVER / ANYWHERE.  Try the fried Tostones and the Minuta Sandwich.  While the venue has lost some of its charm since they upgraded and expanded, the food remains unchanged.  Simple, tasty, no frills!
this is one of miami's best kept secrets, really it is. if you like fried seafood fresh off the fryer, this is the place to go cause  it don't get no fresher! you eat standing up, so don't expect to sit and enjoy your meal,  it isn't necessary, actually. you order, you eat, you leave. it's a whole in the wall kinda place, which i love! these kinda places always have the best food. food is fresh. made to order. i recommend you having the mahi sandwich or the minuta & bollitos de carita!! que rico!!!
Had the shrimp combo. Great food! Atmosphere is really loud, but the bustle fits for lunch.
Awesome hole in the wall! They now have a seating area as well as their usual standing area. The Fried shrimp is amazing! You can't really go wrong here. Just make sure to bring Cash... No Credit Cards
Absolutely Fantastic!!!!  Do not come to Miami without eating here!!
This restaurant has a camaronera burrito on their menu. Only problem is it is an enchilada not really a burrito. The shrimp is cooked with vegetables then wrapped in a tortilla. Then the wrap is smothered in cheese that is torched until its all melted over the tortilla. This is not a burrito; its an enchilada. Not the greatest tasting thing here. I do not recommend this dish. So, I ordered a camaronera sandwhich and forgot bout the wrongly named burrito. Still love this place though :)
Went here for the first time to cure a deep-fried craving.  I had the fish sandwich, which came with the tail still on- real fresh!  The place was packed but I still got my food in under 10 minutes, and the service was very friendly.
The perfect relaxed lunch spot. If you like simple, tasty seafood (sometimes deep fried) then this is a must. It's been there a while and from what I could gather, is a spot much appreciated by Cuban Americans. Don't be put off by the slightly scruffy area, parking is hard to find directly outside but there's some available on the main street. I am British - from the North of the UK, and I miss my traditional fish and chips. Well, not so much anymore. Although they obviously don't do that dish (and I would never expect it, given it is a Cuban Seafood spot), it satiates my craving. The fish-yellow-rice is incredible. The famous spicy shrimp are incredible. The corvina was immense. They serve all Cuban soft drinks and you can BYOB (I didn't, but saw others doing so). Get the materva, it complements the food perfectly. The prices are more than reasonable given the freshness of the food. It's relaxed so make sure you are expecting a relaxed eatery environment when you go. The owner came to speak with us twice, was warm and friendly and attentive. The Waitresses were too. I appreciate that. The place reminded me of some of Barcelona's best seafood places; all fresh, cooked with local recipes in a relaxed environment. I didn't want to leave and I will be coming back regularly.
I really really wanted to like this place. It's totally overrated. First, it's confusing to know where you're supposed to order, and where to pay since everyone is standing over a counter to eat.  The staff isn't very helpful or friendly. Maybe cause I don't speak spanish?  The fried shrimp looked real good when it came out but had a weird mineral like taste.  The rice was a mushy whatever and the crab croquette was also a mushy fried blob.  Just because it was on TV doesn't make the food taste any better.
Fresh Seafood, Cash only. This spot is total old school Miami with counter filled with Spanish speakers all around.  I love the minuta and the fried shrimp. Their sopa de pescado is great too.
This is the cheapest place in Miami for a fish sandwich; and this is no 'square fast food fish' - it even comes with the tail attached!  Super fresh since it is owned by the Garcia's seafood empire and simply fried on cuban bread, it is delish.  The restaurant itself is a hole-in-the-wall with a 'standing room only' counter that runs the length of the restaurant.  I think the fish sandwich is around $3 and everything is fresh and tasty.  If you don't speak spanish, you may want to make yourself cliff notes for what you are ordering - no english speakers here...
La Camaronera just expanded their restaurant to the space next door.  They still have the lunch counter, but now have a number of normal four top tables and bar tables to stand at.  Their snapper sandwich and grouper soup are still unbelievably fresh and tasty.
Wow, I can't believe I forgot to review this place.  It's really quite good and very inexpensive, it's also a real slice of Latino Miami (you would have no idea where you were if you just were plopped inside).  Everyone is very friendly and welcoming.  Almost everything is fried seafood, excellently prepared.  It's standing only (at counters, no seating) and cash only, open early (it's also a fish market) and only until 5:30 p.m.
Went into the place on a Saturday the place was packed and lively.  I had a fried snapper fillet salad for $10 in keeping with my diet.   The price was good for the portion, the fish was fresh, I also had a cherna  (grouper soup) which i thought was bland needed some seasoning.  My friend had two pan con minutas for which i thought was a great deal at $3.75.   I do a lot of fishing so I know fresh fresh, happened to look into their fish cooler and everything look really fresh they had a great assortment of snapper,yellowtail,king,shrimp all locally caught a the keys and for sale by the lb. I will definitely recommend the place for a quick bite or when craving fresh oysters or stone crab.
Nothing like what was shown on The Food Network. The camaronera sandwich tasted like the fried shrimp was cooked in old oil. I left there with a really bad taste in my mouth...for hours! My mother in law had the arroz con pescado and she said it was "ok". They did not live up to the hype. However, their food truck The Fish Box is MUCH better. They get a much better review.
I've had La Camaronera on my radar for a while and I finally got to go a couple of weekends ago. Once again, yelp and I are on the same page. The food was fantastic. The fried shrimp sandwich I had was on point. The breading was light and crunchy and allowed the shrimp flavor to come through. My boyfriend had the seafood burrito which was HUGE! I didn't try it because I was to busy destroying my sandwich but he loved it. Take a trip out to this restaurant for very yummy and affordable meal.
No impressed at all. Even for a dive, this place disappoints. Cramped and dingy. That said, I came for the fish market and didn't taste the food. The selection was tiny, I probably should have just stopped at publix. $14 for 4 pieces of Mahi Mahi. And of course, they didn't accept credit cards. Tacked on an ~$3 ATM fee to that fish. We drove a long way and will not be back for the food. Not worth it.
La Camaronera has been a part of my diet since the mid 1970's.  My father grew up with one of the owners and my god father worked for them.    The black eye'd peas fritters or otherwise called "Carritas de bollito" has been my absolute favorite most of my life.  Another favorite is the "Minuta" A great fish sandwich that will have you asking for more.  Once upon a time a stand up only dive, but now with a sitting area allowing for more capacity.  Yes the prices have gone up a little, but I am ok with it and still worth the trip.  After 35 years of visiting this location, I make a point of visiting at least once a month.
I just thought this place was OK. I had the grouper soup since I saw that everyone else was having a bowl. It tasted way too fishy for my liking. Had the fried shrimp everyone was raving about and even though some people said it was the best fried shrimp they've had, I'd had better...a lot better.
We went here for the first time and were blown away...and also overly excited about trying everything. We got the fried oysters, fried lobster, aaaaand pan con minutas...stuffed our faces full of fried seafoody goodness and left with a smile. Service was great, everyone is nice, and it was quick! Also, I love how it's a standing-room place; stand at the counter, watch the guys cook and enjoy!
The food here is so fresh and delicious that I don't even mind having to stand up!  The fish sandwich is seriously the best I have ever had, and the seafood rice is something that I dream about!  I have eaten at La Camaronera many times, and it always lives up to my high expectations.
Get the Shrimp or fish sandwich! Both have fresh cut onions and their signature sauce which is more than likely a pink sauce (catsup + mayo). Quick and easy had my food in about 5 minutes only draw back is the neighborhood is kinda sketchy.
I don't like it, the fried shrimp or minuta sandwich, like regular fried hamburg , totally unhealthy food, I was so expected this restaurant but no seat, if u don't like fried food, don't go
Best fried shrimp I have ever had!! Big and cooked perfectly!
Fantastic! Fresh, made to order...delicious!
If you want authentic great cheap seafood this is the place! Hidden away in a shopping center of Flagler and 19th st in the corner. From the outside it appears to be alot smaller then it actually is. Upon walking inside you see the waiters working hard taking orders and making the food. This is not a place where you go relax and sit, this is place where you either get take out or try to find a spot along the counter because there are no chairs! All the food is prepared fresh! Whatever you ordered is prepared right after you give the waiter your order. My personal favs are the Lobster sandwich, I can not get enough of that super spicy tartar siracha sauce with chopped onions on a super soft Cuban hamburger style bun! The seafood rice is like an arroz con pollo with seafood loaded with shrimps, crab, fish, mussels & clams in saucy yellow rice! The minuta is great also. The fish is so fresh you can taste it! They have whole fried fish and calamari and other great seafood items. Love this place!
Just a bunch of fried stuff, I must of tried the wrong things.
This family owned hole-in-the-wall was a nice experience, the fish was so fresh, with a capital "F". I met one of the sons and he offered me a cup of cafe con leche which was rather pleasant of him. I tried a few things, the grouper, the shrimp and the fish soup.....lush....I am looking forward to returning to Miami...................
You know what the say, if you fry anything, it will taste good!  Sure it does, but it's even better with quality seafood.  The shrimp sandwich is a must as well as the groupon soup.  Delicious!  The stone crab claws were good, but I still prefer the W. coast's dungeness crab.  It's worth trying though as well as a Cuban soda to wash all the food down.  Will be back when I return to visit Miami!  You'll be missed in meanwhile.
No seats... Had the camaronera sandwich and my bf the minuta sandwich, I liked mine but loved his- delicious! The shrimp empanadas were delish too!  My bf was annoyed we couldn't sit down and eat.. So that's why 4 stars.
Great hole in the wall place to take out of town visitors or go with some coworkers for a quick lunch. Highly recommend the fried shrimp sandwich with their homemade hot sauce. My theory on the no chairs is that the food is so good that you are not there long enough to need to sit down. Draws a diverse crowd that adds to the charm of the restaurant. A definite must visit when in Miami.
The Minuta is the greatest sandwich on earth. Fried perfection. Worth every calorie.
We almost drove past this place because we couldn't see it/ it's not in the best part of town. So glad we finally found it (after circling the street a few times) and went in. There's an authentic Cuban vibe in there from the servers, to it's daily patrons and even the restaurant owner who eats lunch there greets you. Food was great and very authentic definitely worth the trek out of south beach! Tip: it's cash only and you won't find out until the bill comes thankfully there's an ATM in there but make sure you bring some $$$ and save yourself the trouble :)
Our bill came out to be about $40 for the fried lobster tails, sweet chili seafood combination, a side of yellow rice and two Cokes.  Eek!  I guess if you really love fried seafood this is the place to go.  I usually enjoy the first few bites but then it gets to be overwhelming.  It wasn't very busy at noon on a Sunday.  Parking lot is small but luckily we found a spot near the front.  It's in the more ghetto side of town.  I think lobster tails are better unbattered.  Well, we had to go here because it was on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives...so now we can mark that off our bucket list.  Better and cheaper seafood at Captain Tom's in Houston for sure!
I gave it a 4.25 out of 5 rating. Here is the breakdown. Cleanliness = 4 Service = 4 Food = 5 Ambience = 4 It was clean enough and felt good. The service at the stand-up counter was a little slow. At a casual place that is busy, it is to be expected. At least the young lady was pleasant. The food got a 5 because I was very hungry and it was delicious. I got the Pan Con Minuta and a Shrimp Empanada. Both hit the spot! Ambience got a 4 because of the busy the latin-american-standing-at-a-counter vibe. I even both two whole yellowtail snapper that they scaled and de-gutted for me for $20. Definitely worth the visit.
Fast, friendly service at stand up counter. Get the shrimp tacos over the fried shrimp & Don't assume there will be hush puppies.
No stars Prices have gone UP. Do not go by the menu on this page. No more $5 sandwiches. Pan con minuta is now listed at MP (market price). Went in today for the pan con minuta.  The waitress told us we could not order one, but had to be two.  Why?? Because that is how the fish comes, with two filets.  Go figure.  She continued to tell us about the fishing process and that the fish comes from Mexico.  No offense to Mexico, but I thought this was a local fish place. This was always on my list of places to send folks.  No more.  It is no longer a local place.  This is for tourists who have nowhere else to go. And if you can not figure out the tip, they give you a calculation on the bottom of the bill. :( Have been going here for 6 years, today was the last day. Any suggestions for a local fish place???
The original pan con minuta (snapper sandwich) was yummy and the tail was still on it. The sandwich was crunchy and the fish tasted good. The fried calamari comes with some mini octopus and lots and lots of limes. The breaded shrimp sandwich was pretty yummy too. The shrimp and scallop ceviche was mediocre since the sauce was really overpowering. The camaronera style burrito was definitely worth it. It had a lot of seafood in it and it's definitely big for its price. However there was a bug in the bathroom. =( I'll still give it 5 stars for the food and the price, just don't go into the bathroom.
Cash only so get ready to pay that extra $5 to take money out of their ATM. Seriously, they can get an ATM in the place but they cant accept Visa? The food is ok. Pretty much everything is fried. Dont get me wrong. I have never been disapointed when ive been here. I say its a good lunch spot but parking is nonexistent. You could come with a group but then getting a table for more than 2 is impossable. You pretty much have to stand on the table before the party before you leaves to get it.
Pan con minuta was delicious. Can't say that was the best fish sandwich I've had. But how can you go wrong with a fish sandwich with a tail hanging out from the side?! Also tried the fish soup, fried shrimp, and yellow rice w/fish bites. Everything was fantastic. A hole in the wall definitely worth going back for more.
Red Snapper Sandwich was on point and affordable.  My bestie had everything from a whole deep fried snapper, to ceviche. This place is located in Little Havana and is a must see
One of Miami's institutions, great place, amazing speed of service and by far the freshest seafood money can buy!!!
I love this place definitely a dive minuta fish sandwiches with chopped onions and ketchup rico.
crispy shrimp fried to perfection served with seafood rice, and tostones (fried plantos).  The tontones were a little dry, but with some lime juice, those little cakes turned alive.  Every bit of that seafood rice was soft, tender , and I wish there were more fish with the rice bc it was nice and juicy!
Quickly stopped in for a piece of key lime pie.  It was great!  The restaurant did smell VERY  much like fish, and they only take cash so be prepared
After reading a few reviews and having seen Guy from Diners, Drive-ins and Dives take a bite out of this place, I decided to join in on the fun. Well,  straight to the point, best fish sandwich so far! The bun they use is awesome. I love sauce and they have plenty of that on hand.  Also tried the tostones, not bad at all.  I didn't have room to try other stuff which gives me an excuse to come back soon.  Note place is standing room only but who cares!  Also you will see a picture of Guy, nice touch! lol
This use to be one of my top 5 locals diamonds... Not anymore. Two years ago this was the place to go for a fresh catch, well prepped, fair priced and even though back the there were no sits available, the experience of eating while standing was amazing! Thise days are over! The improvement is there made the place bigger and added sits and servers. The downside is food sucks, its poorly prepped, flavorless, small portions witout sides at high price (EXPENSIVE!) so basically... Another tourist trap in Miami. It sucks to loose a place like this due to its popularity, because eventually, you know it will dissapear and be forgotten. Too bad guys...
Forgot to add the hot sauces. There are two kinds, an orange one and a green chili one. The green sauce has a nice kick to it.
Great little lunch spot, my fish sandwich was fresh and tasty and relatively inexpensive. This is a no frills place, which is fine by me, I'm not paying for fancy. Cash only makes it a little inconvenient but there is an ATM inside, so keep that in mind before heading here.
This place has the best fresh seafood I've ever had. Pretty cool experience eating at the counter. The owner came over, greeted us, and chatted for it - guess he could tell we were tourist, haha ... but it was nice! Love the food!
Food is fantastic. Love the shrimp tacos, conch fritters and minuta sandwich. Hate to see prices recently beginning to rise some. Use to be able to eat a hearty lunch for less than $10. Now it's in the $15-$20 range. Another  downer is it's "cash only", so make sure you bring cash. Overall, still enjoy this spot.
A group of us just dropped in while visiting Miami. Tried the Fried Calamari and it was delish. The side of dipping sauce was also excellent.  Service was good and quick.
Unbelievable Cuban cuisine. Worth a trip from South Beach. Get the shrimp burrito and the fried fish sandwich.
Fantastic seafood! I do not dine while standing, but for their food pan con minuta, I would even squat. Everything is cooked to order and is as fresh as it gets. Service is minimal, but quite friendly.  The only cons are parking and their cash-only policy. I will make sure to hit the ATM and find a spot to park, even if I have to walk a mile to get their shrimp empanadas.
This place is definitely overrated and overhyped. I have wanted to try this place for a very long time since moving to Miami because of the high Yelp reviews and being featured on Food Network, so my boyfriend and I came here in the middle of the week during dinner time to avoid the crowd on weekends. First of all, we waited for nearly 10 minutes to have someone seat us (as the sign said). We had to get someone's attention. After they told us to take a seat anywhere, it took them another 10 minutes to take our order. FYI this place was not even that busy when we came. I was already getting very frustrated with this restaurant for its VERY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE. Mind you, I know this is Miami, so there is bad customer service almost everywhere you go. But this time, it was overtly bad. I ordered the fish sandwich (con minuta) that everyone is raving about. Honestly, it was ok, not all that special. We also ordered the fried fish. Again it was not as amazing. After our disappointing meal, it literally took them another 15 minutes to get our bill (My boyfriend literally had to get up and ask for the check). OK FOOD. VERY VERY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE. I really do not understand the hype of this place at all.
I first learned of this place from the Food Network show Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Fresh, fried seafood... what's not to love? My favorites are the fried shrimp, fried lobster, and mahi-mahi sandwich. La Cameronera isn't a sit-down place. You go inside, you order at the counter, you eat at the counter, and then you leave. It's a 30-minute meal. Squeeze some lime juice, hot sauce, and green sauce on your dish and enjoy!
Let's start this off by saying this place is always closed. They are not open for dinner during the week, which is when I normally pass by on my way home from work. On Fridays, however, they stay open later. The parking lot is also tiny. So if you want to go here, they sure don't make it easy. Since the spike in popularity, after their appearance on Food network, the place has gotten ridiculously expensive. I would venture to say that they are the most expensive food option within a mile or 2 of that location. It's located in a run-down, tiny strip mall in the middle of Little Havana. Don't' get me wrong, the place is nice inside - but the outside is filthy. So I went in last Friday for a Minuta and was told that the price that day was $7 and not the price displayed on the board ($5.95). Right off the bat, that got me pissed. If the price varies, like some of their other menu items do, they should put MP and not a fixed price on the Menu. I ended up choosing the Mahi instead, which was ~$7.50, and asked for lettuce and tomato - which does not come on any of the sandwiches. Actually, the only things that comes with the sandwiches is diced onion/ketchup/tartar sauce. They don't even give you a wedge of lemon. And a side of fries or even chips? Yeah, right. You only get the sandwich. When I got my bill, I noticed that they charged me $1 for a single slice of tomato and a leaf of iceberg lettuce, $0.50/each. I ended up paying about $10 for a sandwich with no side, while standing up at the counter. I was insulted. And be warned: they ONLY ACCEPT CASH and you will be charged ~$5 extra if you have to use their ATM. I actually had the server laugh at me when being told they don't accept cash. I acutally knew this, but had forgotten. All in all, I spent about $15 on a sandwich and nothing else. Next time, I'll gladly take my money to Bahama Fish Market or even Flanigans and get an entire dinner. I work way too hard for my money.
The best
As a young guy I roamed Little Havana and this place was always and still is a stop I make if in that area it brings me back to another time while I have some seafood almost fast food style at a very moderate price even though there was an increase after appearing on the food network Delicious low price good quality seafood for the locals Before it was standing room only but now they have chairs and tables In my opinion there was no need for them but the true hardcore people eat standing   Deep fried shrimp Pan con minuta Flounder filet with blackened flavor grilled Things have been made exactly the same for years and if you know what you are ordering you know what you are getting If you looking for fine cuisine this is not the place Lunch place not open for dinner Very good and fast service
Amazing snapper sandwich!
I had the shrimp sandwich and fried lobster.  The sandwich was ok, nothing special.  The fried lobster was the biggest rip off ever.  $30 for a plate of fried lobster pieces, it didn't even come with rice or any sort of sides.  The menu said market price, I just expected a more reasonable price seeing as there was a $14 lobster sandwich that probably had about the same amount that was on my plate.
Counter eating . Lots I fried goodies. Seafood is fresh, quick service, very reasonable price. Local gem. Definitely recommend it.
On our recent gastronomic tour of South Florida, we stopped in at the La Camaronera.  The restaurant came highly recommended and, to our surprise, it had also been reviewed by Guy Fieri of the Food Network.  I had the Fried Shrimp, arroz con marisco (rice with fish), and green plantain combo. It was absolutely delicious and made even better by their "salsa picante" (hot sauce). This unassuming restaurant is located in a strip mall in the heart of Little Havana, so don't expect anything fancy...if you want fancy, you need to go elsewhere.  They don't serve liquor, but they do allow BYOB.  When I asked about drinks, they told me they were sorry that they did not serve liquor but that I could go next door, purchase it and bring it in. Overall, a good meal and we plan to return on our next tour of South Florida.
BEST fish sandwiches! :P
The fish is really incredible and the place is much nicer than it looks from the outside. But you have to be careful to be sure and bring cash because they don't take credit cards.
Just had lunch here and the food was pretty good. Although its a spot where you can't sit down...you have to find a spot at the counter, service was friendly and fast. Great prices for good seafood.
One of the best meals during my trip to Miami and the Keys.  This is a great seafood spot just north of little havana.  We ordered the famous fried shrimp, fried grouper cheeks and pan minuto, which comes with 2 yellowtail snapper sandwiches.  The best item was grouper cheeks.   Very affordable prices for all budgets!
The best minuta sandwich in town!!!
We went looking for a good place to eat in Little Havana. After looking at several reviews, we came to La Camaronera. It had great reviews and was even featured in Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Well I think that it's overrated. First of all, you have to find a parking spot which could take a few minutes. The place itself it's not bad and the service is very friendly. The food was under-seasoned and for what they charge you, you would expect something better. They have this place as $ but it's more like $$. The shrimp burrito was the only highlight of the meal. Also, bring cash because technology has not reached this restaurant. I am not sure what exactly did Guy Fiery ate or every other person who has posted a review ate but I would see myself going there again.
Lobster is definitely overpriced but if you really like something great, I definitely recommend the sea bass filet. It was awesome and the price was super reasonable. I'd come back once a week for my fried seafood fix if I lived in Miami
Awesome Seabass (but honestly.. the strawberry sauce is inappropriate), shrimp tacos are amazing! but flour tacos... guys please Corn shells!!!!) Service was really good,  we never really hang out on that area... But saw this rest. on a tv show and decided to give it a try, glad we did! shrimp empanadas were good (little greasy) so... yes.. go if you're not on a diet :p ahh calamaris were amazing!
Amazing seafood! I had a basket of fried shrimp and a snapper sandwich, both were amazing, and writing this review just makes me want more. A must-visit if you are anywhere near Little Havana, just don't let the seemingly ghetto area scare you away.
La Camaronera holds a special place in my heart. They are the creators of my absolute favorite shrimp po'boy!! You will NEVER have a better one! It's simple, but holy crap is it perfection. The sandwich is served on a fresh bun that is light and perfect for their amazing fried shrimp, and they top it off with just some tartar and chopped onions. I add some hot sauce and it's perfect! I love it so much that I learned the recipe and make it all the time! Ok, so maybe you will have a better one, mine! lol just kidding! I go to La Camaronera every single time I go to Miami! It is definitely a Miami must! They used to be a small place with no seating, which I loved. It felt so home-y there, like everyone who was there knew each other and has been going there for years! I heard they have now expanded and made quite a few changes, so I hope it kept that same feeling and of course, their same flavors!
Another one of those diamonds in the rough type restaurants. The food is spectacular if your looking for "bar" food. Its also been around for decades and was recentley visited by Andrew from Travel Channel's Bizarre Foods show. I recommend the Sandwiches! Heres a great video that is a must watch before going there. Ill be back again! youtube.com/watch?v=ESaX…
What a disappointment, I really wanted to like this place but I think this place is too over hyped. First when you walk through the door, the sign clearly says please wait to be seated but nobody is paying attention to the door. After 3-4 mins, I locked my eyes on one of the waitresses and she said to sit anywhere. I ordered the minuta sandwich and that was a total let down. It was not as I expected, the bread was hard and cold. My fish sandwich came out all cold, while the people in front of me had a nice hot sandwich and they ordered before me. I also ordered the fried shrimp, and that was ok, there was no flavoring or seasoning to it, it was just plain breaded. This does not come close to Popeye's seasonal Shrimp tackle box. 7 pieces for $8ish. It took forever to get the check as well.... parking is a pain. I don't know if i'm gonna come back here again. They also serve expired hot sauce, that's if anyone cares.
Still open! Love the fried lobster and famous shrimp..
My friend and I both ordered the original fish sandwich - it was on point! We got the fried shrimp for our appetizer and that we equally great. Not a huge fan of the hush puppies. Everything was fried but not very greasy which I appreciated. No line and quick service (we went at 11am so beat the lunch rush).
Bottom line first: Authenticity goes a long way. Great value too. Tasty and fresh, served with a genuine smile. Pros: The authenticity, the price, the atmosphere, the service.  The portions are very generous. Remember this when you are thinking of tasting each dish on the menu... Cons: At least when we were there (mid-day) many dishes were lacking. That was a pity and sort-of narrowed our choices to variations on the theme of sea bass (or shrimp).  There are no seats.
Don't get me wrong here, the food is still good. It's the prices I have an issue with.... I know that prices have gone up exponentially, especially in the seafood industry. Restaurants are having to struggle to retain their clientele and with the advent of the food trucks, the competition has really been heating up. I still love the soup, the shrimp, and the fried fish. But the prices have definitely missed their mark for a neighborhood fish joint. What used to be locals and everyday blue collar folk coming in for lunch and take-out has been replaced mostly by the tourist trade. I counted at least four tables of out of towners and less than six locals when I went in. I hope they understand that $5.95 for a minuta con pan (fried fish sandwich) is a little too much when there are other places offering the same for $3.99; You can argue quality and history, but in this economy? The charm of having the stand up counter and the guys behind it shouting orders is gone. A new generation has taken over and along with that comes change. I wish you all the best and every success...but for the time being, I will be getting my fish sandwich elsewhere. I would love to meet the next generation and discuss this review in depth....
Best fried shrimp... ever! Their Sandwich De Minuta is very tasty as well. Overall, very fresh product. You'll have to arrive early, as they close at around 6pm. However, if you're craving a "Camaronera style" dinner, you can always visit Garcia's Brother's Seafood on the Miami River- same owners.
Visiting from Cali and knew this little gem was featured on Food Network. We had whole fried fish, empanadas, and green plantains.   The whole fried fish was super moist and tasty. The right parts were extra crispy for crunching. Being an islander I was hankering for some spicy vinegar/onion dipping sauce. However, even w/o sauce we still ate the entire fish!  The empanadas were equally delicious. The crust light and crisp, and the filling savory with just the right spices. Our only disappointment were the green plantains. We thought they were a bit dry and lacked seasoning.  Comes with a chipotle aioli,  but it only added sone flavor. Overall,  a good meal and we plan to return before heading back to Cali.
now with table service, totally revamped inside.  came for the fried shrimp -- definitely done expertly.  light breading, not too oily, quick fry with juicy insides already filleted.  added a side of yellow rice with fish bits and salad, and you're all set.
The closing time is not when they close the door. I got there fifteen mins before the scheduled time and the door was locked and they refused to open it.
My first meal in Miami, thanks to Yelp, did not disappoint. The Snapper Sandwich was cheap ($5), delicious and big.  It doesn't get better than this.  Hubby had a Halibut Sandwich.  We also shared Fried Shrimp, 6 pieces for $8.  Our server was friendly and efficient.   With good food, this is a winning combination.
There is a reason this place is called La Camaronera. Their shrimp is delicious! When  I visit the same restaurant more than once, I like to try different dishes. Not here. Not because the "Camaronera Sandwich" is the only item on the menu that is any good, but because it is that good. Cuban bread roll, fried shrimp, raw onion and red sauce mixture. Done. Simple. No more is needed. You don't get lost in layers of complicated flavors. They let their seafood do all the talking. "The Original Pan con Minuta" sandwich is also good. It is not greasy and has a cornmeal breading. But weakness is still "La Camaronera" sandwich. I am a sucker for oysters. Freshly shucked, fried, baked...and their fried oyster appetizer is also a go to of mine. Conch fritters are not bad. I say not bad because I'm a Florida Keys baby so I tend to be picky about my conch fritters. The hueva, served only Saturdays and Sundays, was a bit too fishy for me but it is the entire fish roe sack fried. What else was it going to taste like? The shrimp empanadas were also good. Not greasy. It was almost like a light version of enchilado de camarones, shrimp creole, stuffed in a empanada. Very yummy! We have been to La Camaronera on different days and at different times. It is always buzzing with customers. Simple menu. No frills. As I mentioned before, they let their seafood do all the talking. We live 30-45 mins away from La Camaronera and go there quite often. SO WORTH THE DRIVE.
OK... enough about Florida having no culture or great food... and you don't need to speak Spanish... yes Spanish is helpful but the owner is American first and Cuban second and is on the premises most of the time... the seafood is fresh (the place is packed from open to close) i drove an hour just to have lunch and it was as good as advertised. complete with culture and great food. well worth the trip and i will be back often
Love this place. Don't expect anything fancy but this is your ultimate Miami fish fry place, traditional, fresh, affordable and delicious!! :)  This is my to go place Saturday  mornings before running errands. Its a 10 minute drive from Brickell, and the service is super fast, so it is definitely convenient. Forget fast food, you should come here instead, so much better taste and quality at the same price! My favorites here are the fried snapper sandwich ($5) and the fried shrimp with their house sauce which is a must. The only tricky thing here is parking, since it it is in a small strip mall there are limited parking sports, however if you wait a couple of minutes there is always someone leaving. But the service and food way surpass this small detail... i will definitely keep coming back.
First off, everything is fried.  So if you like fried food, this is the place to go, there is not seats just standing bar.  The food is awesome, but be warned, when you leave this place, you will be full and satisfied and your clothes will smell like you been tending a deep fryer all day.
I always come here whenever I'm in town. Such great food and great price. Everything is fresh and byob.  Pretty cool. Great place all year around.
I love this place. If you want fresh seafood don't miss out on this hidden gem.  It doesn't have table service, just stand at the counter service.  It won't disappoint. You won't miss the seats when your chowing down on the Minuta, fried Shrimp, and fried Lobster. Always my favorite. If your a fish soup fan, don't miss out. Get's packed at lunch time, so come with some patience. Believe me, it's well worth it.  There is a reason why Chef Guy Fieri from Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives did a piece on it. This place is freakin amazin!
COULD BE PERFECT FIVE One of my most favorite eateries for seafood. I liked it the way it use to be when it was literally standing room only. Back then Yu-go chauffeur and I would rub elbows with the real Miamian along that undulating blue bar counter. Cash only, poor parking accommodations and no late hours prevent me from rewarding this incredible seafood spot the ultimate five star.
Great dive for fried shrimp, fish sandwich, oysters, etc.  Stand up counter service only. It's nothing fancy, to say the least, but it's a Miami institution.
If communication wasn't a problem I would've given them five stars I have the fried fish market price and because somebody else paid I don't know how much it costs but it was well worth it Fresh fish amazing The french fries were okay The whole fish is supposed to be the best ever and super fresh but I was lacking an arm therefore I could not cut it
Excellent sea food! Shrimp tacos out of this world good with their pleasantly spicy salsa. Their ceviche was really good. Not overly acidic and fish, scallops, and shrimp were fresh fresh fresh. A great dive place.
What a rip off!! Langosta frita $48!!!  Can't even tell the difference between the shrimp. Food is flavorless and over priced. Shrimp are over fried and cooked. The floor where they cook is disgusting. I understood when men only worked there but now you have women. Kitchen floor should never be so dirty, shows how rest of place must be. For a restaurant to only take cash and have an ATM outside, makes you wonder who are they scamming. Too many changes and NOT for the better!! There's an old saying that goes" IF IT ISN'T BROKEN, DON'T FIX IT!!"
My hubby and I stopped there for lunch last weekend. We both got the grouper soup which was ok. I ordered the shrimp tacos which were absolutely amazing if you like something else than fried food and my husband order the lobster sandwich. He was not very impressed about it because the lobster was fried and the sandwich was quite small so he ended up ordering small seafood risotto, too.  The risotto was delicious and the small porcion was actually quite big with a lots of seafood in it. I was very happy with my choice of dish and would go back for the tacos again!
Overhyped, IMHO. I could see how this could have been an awesome place back in the day with a more standing-room-only hole-in-the-wall feel, cheap eats and sizable servings. Found it slightly overpriced and skimpy ($9 for 7 fried not-jumbo shrimp, $7.50 for a very small piece of fried Mahi served inside a supermarket burger bun). It was yummy but nothing to write home about. The exception was the seafood rice, which is a real standout tastewise. Also the awesome key lime pie. I would have still given it four stars because it does hit the spot when you're craving a fish fry, but I was really put off by the decor. In an attempt to move away from their working-man lunch counter roots, they've remodeled the place to look like a suburban Chipotle. There's also a stencil of Guy Fieri in a wall near the entrance (he featured the place in Diners, Drive-ins and Dives a few years back), which on its face gets a half star demotion.
My best seafood experience in Miami. The food is fresh, inexpensive and the environment is very friendly. Though there is no seat, I still enjoyed my yellow tale snapper sandwich a lot ! With only $4 a whole fish in your sandwich, you can not really ask for more :) I also tried the mahi mahi fish fry and the the soup, all delicious. I probably will try the king fish steak and the warm water lobster next time, look very yummy. Highly recommended !
I have been looking forward to trying this place for quite a while. Since I live more up north it has been hard to find the time or energy to come here. Much to my dismay, I was sorely disappointed. The place is clean and despite having the fresh seafood to the side, it doesn't reek of fish. So I'll give them that. However, the service was not very good. We were rudely greeted by a waitress and just brusquely told to sit at a table "over there." When ordering, they were incredibly impatient and unhelpful. Even though it has one $ sign on yelp, I am inclined to disagree. A meal for three ended up coming out to $40. That was for two single sandwiches, with no sides and a fried shrimp platter that had 5 tiny fried shrimp and a scoop of rice and two tostones. Pathetic and hardly one $ sign material. Now on to the food itself, the most disappointing part of it all. The shrimp sandwich was mostly bread and a bit of rubbery and bland (albeit the only flavor it had was fishy) shrimp. The fried shrimp plate was also bland, the rice was nothing to write home about and the two tostones were flavorless as well. We made the effort to try all of the sauces and condiments on the table, but they were all nasty as well. Overall, everything about this entire dining experience was disappointing. I won't be coming back.
This place is definitely an out of the way find and an adventure to get to if you're from out if town. It is however worth it. Amazing food at more than reasonable prices. I would suggest something to try, but it's all good.
Saw this place on Food Network and had to try on my next trip. Had fish (Covina) with rice and plantains. House salad, simple lettuce, tomato and onion with vinegar.  Fish was very fresh and cooked perfectly. Flan for desert was as good as I've had. Inexpensive with great service. Bring cash, no credit cards.
Nestled between La Caridad Joyeria and AB Farmacia in Miami's Little Havana district is the most delicious snapper sandwich I've ever had. Lightly fried yellowtail snapper with its tail hanging on, onions and the Garcia special sauces. The fish was fresh and its dignity was intact. Head down to this Miami jewel for the tastiest fish sandwich in town but turn the other cheek on those grouper bites. sustainableseafoodie.org…
Eat lunch here the other day, have eaten here in the past a few times. I ordered the fish and shrimp burrito. The burrito was $13 by itself. Very overpriced. What really bothered me was the size of the shrimp, and a few of them were on the fishy tasting side.  It looks like this place is going through a transformation from a small hometown fish joint to an overpriced tourist trap. The prices here for such a hole in the wall are very high. They charging almost 2 dollars for can of soda now as well. Last time I was here I had the grouper cheeks which were excellent but pricey. I also had the standard fish sandwich which I found to be extremely fishy and I was unable to finish it. If you have never been here I guess it's worth a try but there are better options in the area like Garcias which is a much better option with higher quality food and about the same or cheaper prices.
The best and def worth driving from ft. Lauderdale to get to! From LA and ahd to find the place Guy raves about. The garlic sarachi sauce is the best. And so reasonable.. only thing my kid could not reach her food! We are going back before our flight back to LA.
Cool place. Fried oysters were great. Fried fish not so much. No flavor. Other items looked great. Cool to find different "holes" to visit. Pa. Good flan.
This place is great. The conch fritters were amazing and we enjoyed the shrimp and fish sandwiches. The service is fast and the bathrooms are clean. Parking can be challenging but well worth the wait.
BRING CASH MONEY. They don't take credit. They do have an ATM machine in the back, but it will cost you 3 or 4 bucks to use it. From the looks, this place may seem very inexpensive, however some of the items on the menu are a bit pricey. We came here for lunch and it was over $60 for 3 of us. Aftter we sat down, the owner made sure to come greet us and called over the waitress to get our orders immmediatly. As far as the food, I agree with the other yelpers, it's delicious.  The only issue I had was that the portions are a bit small. I really didnt get full and my plate was like $17. Yikes!
Started with apps and that is as far as we got. I had high expectations. Especially after this place was highlighted on Triple D. Sorry Guy, your staff was way off on this place. How this restaurant can plate fried seafood that hasn't been seasoned is incredible. I ordered the fried oysters, fresh and juicy Yes! But bland as hell. It seemed they shucked the oysters, dredge them in unseasoned plain flour and into the fryer. My wife ordered the shrimp empanadas. Sent them back as they were barely warm. The second time around, they were still cold in the middle. The Grouper soup was NASTY!  I only took one sip because I couldn't get past the smell or taste. Again, BLAND as well. The broth tasted as if it were made from fish that had seen its last days two days ago. We are spoiled with the well seasoned fried shrimp and fish that is offered in Chicago. Our server was very gracious with our dissatisfaction and removed the cold empanadas and the soup from our check. This is a cash only place. BTW, the neighborhood is iffy.
lobster $49.99 a pound?  are you kidding me?  that said the fried fish filet and fried shrimp are excellent.  try the homemade habanero hot sauce.  Get yourself a beer from the market a few doors down.  Great job remodeling with the addition of tables.  Love the color of the paint and the artwork of speedboats on the walls.  friendly service.
We came here to purchase some fish from the fish market. I called several times to try to get a feel of what type of fish they had that day and just gather some overall information but no one apparently spoke English in this establishment. No problem, we decided to swing by and give it a try. They only had a few options but we decided to get 2 filets of the Corvina. My fiance cooked it the sous vide way at home with only a little salt and pepper. Now, I don't really like the taste of fish as it all tastes pretty fishy to me so I always am in need of some sauce to accompany my fish. My fiance said since I had never tried this fish, to just try it with some salt and pepper and then add the sauce. When I bit into this fish, I was immediately thrown into a trance as it was the best fish that I have ever eaten. My mouth was watering and after I was finished I could not stop saying MMMMMMM as the taste still lingered in my mouth. I did not need to add any sauce and the fish was more than extremely fresh. We will definitely definitely without a doubt be back to either dine at their restaurant or purchase more fish to take home and cook!
Very good fresh seafood.
Freaking fabulous!!! The $5 fried snapper sandwich was amazing!!!! And the Oyster cocktail was beyond fresh!!! I might go back tomorrow!!!!
Very good fresh seafood.
Based on the reviews from yelp I drove from North Miami to check this place out. I was not impress at all, maybe it was the rainy Saturday, there was 4 other diners, and the food was just borderline, the fried plantains was not cook properly.
Worst experience ever, we visited this place since we watched an episode from Guy Fieri on the Food Network. Food is horrible and overpriced, $9.00 for conch fritters each piece was the size of a quarter, and the famous minuta was dark meat less than 0.5cm thick more breading than fish, tasted fishy and greasy. Cup of soup it was only rice and consome not even a piece of fish or carrot or anything. McDonalds Filet of Fish is way better quality than theirs.
If you love seafood you are going to love this little hole in the wall.  Why is it that fish is the only food that is great when it doesn't taste like fish?  There is a fish sandwich called "pan con minuta" that is fantastic.  It still has the tail on it and it hangs out of a soft and crispy Cuban bread roll, it is simply dressed with onions, ketchup and their own tartar sauce.  The deep fried lobster is actually fresh tasting. The delicious little chunks of lobster are not rubbery at all! This was a revelation to be certain.  Lobster is difficult to pull off, especially deep fried.  The other great sandwich is the fried shrimp sandwich that I thought was even better than the fish one and dressed with the same stuff.  I did not try the "carita" hush puppies but the are very popular.  As I said, you must try this place if you love seafood because even if you don't like seafood and I don't, you will love this!  Did I mention it was cheap too?
First, parking around this place to tough. Second, bring cash. Third, if you want a table, be ready to wait. There will be a line. If you are going to do carry out, you will need to make your way to the countertop. The food that we ordered: Fried Shrimp - The fried shrimp were had a great fresh taste. they were medium in size. The coating was light but had a great spicy taste. There were seven of them. Snapper sandwich - The entire fish is fried, less the head. It comes on a soft bun with mayo, chopped onions. A classic fish sandwich. Fries - If you enjoy limp fries with no spices, these are for you. I did not care for them. I think they were rushed. See pics.
This is the place to go when you want fresh seafood at very reasonable prices. I have been here numerous times. Their sopa de cherna, (fish soup) is great. Their minuta con pan(fish filet on a Cuban bun with onions) and fresh tartar sauce is awesome. Their fresh fish fillet is delicious. Want to pick your own? No problem. Go to the back where you can see the fresh fish behind glass and pick your own and they will fry it for you. Their black eye bean hush puppies are excellent with tartar sauce and delicious.  They also have oysters in a cup with its own oyster liquor. They also have a shrimp sandwich, shrimp and fried lobster. Just a reminder it is standing room only at a counter and bring cash.  It also  helps if you know some Spanish. This place gets very packed so come early or be ready for the crowd. Don't  wait for them to ask you can they help you because you will be waiting long. You have to get their attention and order. You will love the freshness and the prices. In a nutshell if you want fresh and delicious tasting seafood at a great price, then you must visit this place!
Diamond in the ruff! They ONLY take cash as an FYI We came here with a party of seven and they accommodated us with a smile during their busiest time. They went out of their way to seat us. We had a little bit of everything from fried lobster to black eyes pea fritters to tostones to seafood rice.... And the list goes on. My suggestion to you: Fried snapper sandwich Fried lobster Seafood rice 5 stars
Quick, cheap, and fresh fish eatery in a hidden part of a shopping complex of Little Havana. You walk in there and this place is a fishmarket with a bunch of locals standing around ordering food while fresh fish was constantly frying. Definitely get the fresh fried shrimp with yellow rice or the Pan con Minuita. You get a whole filet of fish fried in this light battered flour and sandwiched in between a warm baked square bun with tartar sauce and chopped white onions. The yellow rice was cooked in fish stock with fish bits in it. The shrimps were butterfly fried and it went great with a squeeze of lime and tartar sauce.  It's so good and I heard about it since my friend who visited was doing research on good food to eat in SoFlo. This place was on the Diner's-Drive-In Food network show. Since then, I would take my friends down there to eat. We tried the Key lime desert...mmm...sealed the deal!
Best seafood at a very low price! The food was amazing and had us going back for lunch a few times in our short vacation in Miami
Awesome seafood place that gets locals to line up before they open just to get first dibs on the seafood here.  Cheap, but VERY FRESH and not a total dive too.  The fish sandwich is a steal.  $5, huge fish in the middle (complete with tail) and totally delicious.  Also, a cup of fresh oysters for like $8.  You can't beat these prices!!!
One of the better fish fry places in Miami. Been around along time. Their pan con minute is second to none. Their shrimp po'boy is damn good too. This is not a fancy place but if you want a good fish fry place that's priced reasonably this is your place.
Came here on a trip to Miami after seeing it on Food Network DDD. Even though it was in the middle of nowhere and looked a little dingy from the outside I would recommend this to anyone! Everything was excellent and very fresh! if I had to find something to nit pick at it would be the price of the conch fritters compared to the relatively low price of everything else. Overall - EXCELLENT!
Good food! Got the decision from the reviews on Yelp!!! 1st time in Miami and my husband & myself like to eat where the locals eat... So glad we jumped in the car and made our way! We were welcomed with a smile, it was clean, and the food fresh! We will definitely be back whenever in Miami. Would of given 5 stars had they had the red snapper sandwich....
Outstanding. Be sure to try the shrimp!
I didn't like this place.The place it's very ugly and the food not good at all. I don't get why the best speciality it's a fish sandwich??? You can get that at Taco Bell...I'll never ever going to come back here.
so everythings fried but its amazing! dont expect up close and personal service....its one of those stand up around a counter tell the dude what u want quickly chomp down ur food and move out...the food gets to u supper quickly almost as quickly as u order it (since its fried)....but def worth a try...i dont think this might be your new family gathering restaurant but its definatly something to try when thrifting and ghetto shopping threw little havana!
The usual, a pan con minuta (snapper sandwich) and a side of fried shrimp. Ask for the additional sauces, pour some lime on there, simply delicious.
Nothing fancy. Reminds me of a diner. Excellent fish sandwich for $5. The seafood rice is the best. Worth a try.
For the price and quality food...Yes, I will give them 5 stars. There's nothing extravagant about them but what they do in terms of food, they do it well.  Everything is cooked to order and the food taste fresh. It's not a wild or gamey taste. It's just fresh like Whole Food Market.  The bread is soft (I'm not a hard bread fan) and they put a pinch of sauce on the sandwiches and it's great. It seems like it need tomatoes and lettuce but it don't. The location is okay but the service was great. Don't worry about the surroundings just the food. I believe you will not be disappointed. Yes, I will be back.
another yelp suggestion....we drove from south beach to here took aobut 20min...to start when you first arrive its a little hole in the wall...you walk in and thats how you remain because there are no chairs its standing only...we ordered one of the specials a seafood platter consiting of lobster, calamari, fish, and shrimp for $14 it was great all fried in this sweet sauce tasted almost like jack daniels chicken strips lol.  Then we got a crab cake sandwich and a snapper sandwich, the snapper was great, it was fried with a nice sauce on it and was one of the best fish sandwichs i have ever eaten...moving on to the crab crake sandwich.... THE BEST i have every had i would have paid $20 easily and have gotten seconds this was .....$4.....are you kidding me when i say it was hands down amazing from the sauce to the texture to the bread it was placed on if you live within an hour or so of this place it is DEFINITELY worth the drive next time i go back to miami this local spot is a for sure visit....GO HERE
If I lived in Miami I would be a regular here.  It reminds me of a corner store that you would find in NOLA with all the deep fried fixins you would want. I think they have salads here but you don't want that.  Just get the fried fish sammich, conch fritters, fried shrimp and fried black eyed peas. The fish sandwich was fresh and delicious...it reminded me of my mom's fish fry after they made it home from a fishing trip. The conch fritters had such a distinct taste - rich, savory and it was one of my favorite delights while vacationing in Miami. The fried shrimp were good. They were fresh and condiments were readily available.  The owner was walking around and greeted every table..thanking his customers for coming in.  The place used to be stand room only, but they finally invested their profits in expanding the place in order to have tables so that people can dine comfortably.  Excellent move!
This hidden gem in a strip mall makes some great seafood. I made my way there after disembarking from a cruise as I wanted to have an authentic taste of Miami. As I walk in, I see that they were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, which happens to be my favorite Food Network show. That alone made it a must-try. I can't recall exactly what I ordered but I know it had shrimp and I know that the shrimp were large and tasty. The place brought back memories of home (Baltimore) where you can go into a local spot, stand up and eat, and leave feeling full and satisfied.
Having been here a few times, its beyond me why I have wrote about this place. I used to frequent this place for lunch but haven't been here since the big renovation. So I drag the family here. Bigger place, same great food and service. The fish, fresh as always, the conch fritters, one of the best I've ever tried. The fish soup will bring you back from the dead. The minuta sandwich, BEST IN MIAMI!!! The only down is the CASH ONLY thing. Come on guys!?!?
just perfect.
This place is as good as it gets in this place called Miami.  Some key facts: 1. BYOB 2. Shrimp burrito can be ordered as mixed with fish. Awesome.  EVERYTIME I am eating this, somebody is like "what is that, I want it." 3. Also can buy uncooked fish to go. If you do, I think that you will be the first person to do this since everyone orders to eat or to go. 4.  Be prepared to smell like fried food when u leave. 5. They only take CASH.  They have an ATM there.  The place next door is a market where u can buy beer but it is toooo ghetto to understand cash back.
standing room and cash only. the food is as good as it gets!!!! Hands down, awesome fish. the minuta sandwich is the best.
Awesome local restaurant with awesome fried fresh seafood. you really cant go wrong with anything here.  Fried calamari, fried conch fritters, fried fish, fried fish sandwich...i am salivating just remembering it all. and with table service and a redone inside?  Lets all go!! The highlights of the meal : Pan con Minuta - OMG!  Why would you ever have a fried fish sandwich anywhere else?  Everyone who ordered one...ordered another once finished....not enough...to share...give me more! Fried Whole Fish - fish was fresh and perfectly fried. wish there was more flavor to the breading.  but i guess when fish is this fresh it just needs to be savored for what it is
Cheap, fresh, tasty. Food comes out quick and doesn't hurt your wallet. Shrimp platter is amazing. One of the few spots I caught on Diners that lived up to the hype. Glad I live here now because this spot is that good.
All is always good - empanadas are fantastic, camaronera and minuta sandwich will not let you down. If you want to splurge, go for the fried lobster sandwich.
Pure awesomeness. I go about 1-3 times a week always satisfied with the food and service. I highly recommend.
Best Fried Shrimp I have ever tasted! Their other items are good but the Shrimp is the best item on the menu. Try it with their special sauce which u need to request. I'm not a big soda person but the Pineapple soda here was awesome. also the Tres leches cake!
my home away from home. They just expanded the menu to include 12 new items. I have only tried the burrito so far and it was GREAT! Just make sure you bring a friend to help you eat it!
One of the luxuries of living in South Florida is the abundance of beautiful shapely passionate Latin American women. In particular the ones possessing the aura of Minerva who directs us mortals to new places of palatial desire. By fate, one of these blonde Minerva like vixens destined me to La Camaronera. Located in the heart of Little Havana La Camaronera is a joint seafood restaurant and seafood market founded by the Garcia brothers in 1966. Walking in you wouldn't know they sold fresh seafood because there is no fishy smell to be found. In 1976 the Garcia brothers decided to equip the market with deep fryers and a "U" shaped counter so they could serve their daily catch. There is also an ample amount of tables that are served by waiters and waitresses. * F O O D   O R D E R E D  (I ordered to go) -  Pan con minuta (snapper sandwich) bit.ly/15ChT88   $5.00 -  Empanada de cameron (shrimp empanada) bit.ly/14iSTXi   2 for $4.00 -  Papitas fritas (french fries)  bit.ly/14iSTXi  $3.00 -  Materva ( South American soda)  $1.50 I didn't know divine could fit into $5.00 but it did with the Pan con minuta. Scrumptious to the bite, the crisp battered skin and the inner soft flaky flesh was fried to perfection. The sandwich was topped off with a savory slightly sweet kind of mayonnaise with firm fresh onion bits and a mysterious red sauce. The papitas fritas were nothing special, but tasty for typical frozen fast food fries. They were crisp, fresh and mildly salted. They went down well with my Jamaican jerk ketchup. The empanadas de cameron didn't have the typical appearance nor inner composition of traditional empanadas. The skin was darker and the insides were void of the typical moistness. Instead the inside was dry but herbaceous and full of shrimp. It was palatable, but not what I was expecting, I personally would pass on them the next time around. * A N N O Y A N C E S - they seem to not want to give you exact change , very uncouth. The two times I went they ignored anything resembling a coin to return to you. I guess they round up your change for themselves? Make sure you tell them to give you your exact change. * R A T I N G S - Pan con minuta (snapper sandwich)  4 STARS - Empanada de cameron (shrimp empanada)  2.5 STARS - Papitas fritas (french fries)  3.0 STARS
This place was awesome! it can be pricey when you eat with your eyes. Try the sweet chili seafood you will be hooked, Down side is that it closes at 5:30PM
I really think it's time they start accepting credit and debit cards. They do have an ATM machine in the back but no one likes to pay the extra fees for using it. Anyway, yes, the $5 minuta sandwich is really tasty. I placed an order to go. I really wanted to sit down and eat there but I had a hungry 19 year old waiting for me at home........kids. So, I knew parking would be a challenge so I just paid the meter half a block away, not so bad. Back to the food. I ordered 2 minuta sandwiches, a side of tostones and a side of yellow rice with fish bits. They put juicy limes and tartar sauce in the bag for me. I really wanted a beer while I waited at the counter but they don't sell alcohol. Boooo. The nice guy told me I can byob and they won't charge a fee for it. Total was $18 and change. Not bad at all. Of course I also paid the ATM fee n pkg but still worth it. Go check it out.
Went there as a kid in the seventies whenever we would visit family in Miami. I totally forgot about it because as a 10 year old burger king would have always been my first choice. So about a year ago I'm watching Diners Drive Inns and Dives and Guy Fieri was doing a piece on La Camaronera and it all came back to me. Obviously at 46 my meal preferences have changed a lot over the years and BK no longer wins over this place. The camaronera is an absolutely awesome mostly fried seafood experience! The crowd is about 80 percent locals and 20 percent out of towners like me and my friend who were in south Florida on business. The locals are so happy to share this little piece of Cuban American heaven that it just added to the experience. Now to the food. We had the fried lobster, fried shrimp, pan con minuta fish sandwich and the arroz con mariscos (which is basically a paella). EVERYTHING was fantastic! The pan con minuta fish sandwich WAS THE BEST FREAKING FISH SANDWICH ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH! Now no trip to Miami will ever be complete without a visit to Joe's Stone Crab on South Beach and a visit to LA Camaronera!
Came here for a late lunch the day before our 8 day cruise to the Southern Caribbean. It was after 2:00 PM on a Friday and the place was packed. Service was friendly and they were eager to help with recommendations. We ordered the minuta (a fried snapper sandwich with onions, tarter sauce. and ketchup), the shrimp sandwich, conch fritters, and french fries. Everything was tasty. If I had it to do over again I'd probably  skip minuta and order the shrimp sandwich instead. Parking is atrocious. There is a very small parking lot and some metered street side parking. Overall, it was a worthwhile stop.
the fish sandwich is the deep fried fish skin ! the filet is sold by the market this place is a con!
Glad I finally got a chance to try this place. Tried their fried snapper sandwich and it was just what I expected. For only 5.00 I wish I just would of ordered 2. Snapper was very fresh and the sauce they add was delicious. Also tried their fried shrimp which I found a bit expensive for the amount that they give but they were very tasty. Lastly we tried the chefs special burrito which had shrimp and fish. They top it off with cheese and a secret sauce which they torch at the end so the cheese will melt. Burrito was good as well. I would definitely go back to try the other option on their menu. Service was wonderful. I would have given them 5 stars but the fact that they don't have a credit card machine is a negative. I also think they should mention that before you order. I am glad we had cash because I would have been annoyed if i would of had to use their ATM machine.
Let me start off by saying this in the past has has been my favorite place to get my fresh seafood fix. The taste, freshness and flavors have always been five stars. I have been going to this place for years. Why they get two stars in my book is I feel they have broken a cardinal rule of what not to do to your clients. I went in the other day craving some seafood goodness I went with my children because they love the Mahi fingers and like the French fries. I also ordered two camaronea "shrimp"sandwiches what I received was not what I have been accustomed to. Upon entering I noticed that the Mahi fingers price went up about $3 I was fine with this being it would be what I was expecting and have expected in the past upon receiving my order I was perplexed and had to ask the server if this was a special kids meal version of the Mahi fingers and basket of fries. He advised me that the portion sizes have been reduced. No kidding there was 5 two inch strips of what seemed to be Mahi. " WoW", even my 6 year old commented, Dad I think they got he order wrong because they are tiny and now to what used to be a nice basket of French fries is now served on a small plate of French fries.Now on to my sandwiches the shrimp was fresh like always but when I tasted the Cuban roll it was different bread I knew something was different the bread was light and airy and was very skimpy definitely not what I was used to being I have been going here for years. I don't mind paying more for the Mahi fingers heck, I don't mind paying more for a fish sandwich as long as I get what I was expecting and have always expected. I left from here feeling like they have forsaking their product for profit how unfortunate for one of my favorites. I will no longer be going back.
Decided to try it after reading reviews. Totally disappointed.  Ordered Sopa De Cherna and it was Sopa De Arroz..no fish to be found anywhere!  Ordered a shrimp burrito and my husband got a minuta sandwich, both were bland. Not what we were expecting at all!!  It's a fast food seafood place which is an oxymoron if you ask me !  Won't catch me here again.
DELICIOUS!!! And I loved the casual atmosphere-- you can flawlessly order and have it to go, or dine in on their casual tables. I would skip the lobster roll next time-- fried lobster tail but you can't really taste the lobster, and really small quantity. Fried oysters- they were ok but I did place several orders on these-- thickly breaded and then fried, you can't really taste the fresh oyster but they were still worth getting. FRIED SHRIMP-- MUST GET THIS!!! It was DELICIOUS!!! And I think their specialty-- it is a must to get an order or two of these. Their yellow rice with bits of fish was ok- good accompaniment to the the fried shrimp but nothing too amazing. Their key lime pie and flan were just ok-- nothing too memorable. Shrimp tacos- I would skip this next time, the shrimp were tiny baby ones and not too much flavor. Oh, and the green plaintains...these aren't sweet but more salty and fried like a thick potato chip-- I wish they had sweet plantains! Overall, DELICIOUS!!!
My opinion may be biased because I sincerely love this place and feel like I'm family. I met Andrew Zimmern from Bizarre foods and even came out for 1 min in his Miami episode. I always stop here when I leave my doctor appointments at UM medical campus and by then I need comfort food which I always find here. Sopa de cherna hugs me and Minuta tells me it'll be alright. Luckily, I go to the hospital a lot so I'm always here.
I recently visited la camaronera and was very disappointed by the lack of professionalism and the rudeness of the waiter for a complaint i made. I ordered the whole fried snapper that i chose from the refrigerator , five minutes after the fish came and it was cold and dried ( obviously it was not the one i chose, it could not have been fried in 5 minutes). Anyway, i was hungry and started eating the fish, after the second bite my wife noticed something on the fish mouth and coming out of the gills, she pulled it and it was a hook with a piece of lead. I immediately called the waiter and he said it was a sign of good luck and laughed, i told him it was a serious hazard and that they should get rid of the oil where the hook and the piece of lead was fried, all they did it was laughed. They immediately brought me another fish which i did not ordered and i told them that i did not wanted it anymore because it was fried in the same oil, so i got up and left and i heard the waiter cursing at me when i left , i should have taken a picture but i was so disgusted that i forgot, never going back to that place.
Having seen all the other reviews of this place I've been wanting to try it for a long time. Now that I've finally had it... I think im just a tiny bit let down. The food is fresh no doubt. I had their snapper sandwich and the fried calamari. I felt the sandwich was good and for 5 bucks it was great. But the calamari was sooo much better. Service was pretty standard and parking is hard to find, but the seafood here is fresh and the food is good and cheap. I will be coming back.
This is not a completely accurate review because I never had the opportunity to actually get anything to eat when I went here.  The place was packed  (usually a good sign) but not in a good way.  People were standing at the counters eating (I will never get that one) and the restaurant was one chaotic mess.  After waiting some time a table opened up and when I sat at it I was told I had to be on the list.  What list?  We went back by the front and didn't see any list.  About 15 minutes later we saw some guy running around with a clip board.  In all fairness the shrimp on people's plates look good but no matter how good the food is this place it is not worth standing to eat or having to wait in an unorganized mess and hope you might eventually be seated.  I have no clue how the servers navigate through the hoards of people standing around eating and trying to be seated.  And being a market the entire place has a fishy smell. This was my second attempt to try La Camaronera with a similar experience the first time.  I have tried their food truck or what I believe is their food truck "The Fish Box" and it was good, not great but good.  We left without eating and went down the road to Don Cameron where one of my friends ordered an amazing dish of Garlic Shrimp and Fish.  I will keep trying La Camaronera but I am not about to wait in line for what appears to be fast food seafood let alone stand to eat at a counter.
I really wish I could give half stars, because I would have given it 3.5 stars. I had the fried snapper sandwich this place is known for. It was great! I have a feeling that if I came here more times, I would like the other menu items and give more stars, too. Unfortunately, I don't live in Miami. The two menu items I tasted were great, but didn't knock my socks off. One thing I will tell people interested in coming for the first time is to bring cash. Also, one of the staffers told us this place is BYOB. I wish I'd known. I would have loved to have a glass of white wine, and I know my boyfriend would have liked to have a beer.
Delicious.  My husband and I decided to swing by (we were on a long layover to the Bahamas) after reading all the amazing reviews on here.  I really wanted to try some local/ unique food.  Exactly as people say- tiny shop in a dirty looking strip mall in what appeared to be not the best neighborhood.  Definitely stuck out a little as we stumbled through the front door into a very crowded little space where everyone is standing at a counter.  We had the pan con minuta (this is fried in what tasted/ looked like mild curry), the shrimp sandwich and the hubs had the fresh oysters.  The standout was definitely the shrimp.  Ridiculously good and not overly fried/ bready.  The onion, ketchup, other sauce combo is so tasty and normally I don't like onions.  Bread for sandwich was also sick good.  Restaurant was clean and service was quick and very nice (the guys behind the counter gave me a fish calendar :)  Also very reasonably priced- it is seafood people!  We are planning on going back in a couple of weeks on our way to SoBe. This is a must try!
La Camaronera has it figured out. I had the snapper sandwich with fries. Relatively fast (15 minute) to go order. The sandwich redefines quality, especially under $10. I actually feel a bit angry that I'll have to wait months before i get to enjoy it again. The spices, texture and especially the bread are just plain perfect.   If you are in the area, stop by, find some parking, and enjoy yourself.
After hearing about this place on the Food Network and reading about all the raving reviews, I came here directly after I got off the plane on a Sat afternoon. This place was packed! It's more like a big take out place without any seating, everyone was standing along the crowded counter to eat and fighting for their spot to order. I ordered a big cup of oysters, 1 order of their famous fried shrimps and an order of the fried fish sandwich. Although all the oysters were pre-shucked, they seem fresh and the size were big. I was a little disappointed with the fried shrimps! They were good size shrimps but I didn't find much flavor to it. It's a lot of food for one person but I tried to sample as much as I could in one visit so I ended my lunch with a fried fish sandwich, I am glad that I ordered it as it was very tasty. I was pretty full at that point so I made sure that I ate the fried fish and didn't finish the whole bun but the roll was soft and delicious. This place offers good seafood at a very reasonable price and I would definitely go back the next time I am in Miami!
Looks like they've recently renovated. I was pleasantly surprised to see some seating in the space! But there's still a lot of standing room at the counter if that's your preference. What went in my belly: Conch Fritters ($9). One order came with 7 bite-sized fritters. The exterior was crisp and the conch-filled interior was light and fluffy. They reminded me of takoyaki! Highly recommended! Camarones Fritos - Camaronera's famous fried shrimp ($8). I was surprised by how large the pieces of shrimp were. The breading wasn't too thick and really let the fresh succulent flavour of the shrimp shine.   Original Pan Con Minuta - snapper sandwich ($5). For only five bucks, this sandwich is fantastic value. They fry up the entire fish and slap it on a soft bun with the fish tail sticking out of the sandwich. The only fixin's include mayo, ketchup and chopped raw onions but that's really all you need. It's a killer sandwich! The fish is fresh and fried perfectly. The taste is reminiscent of a Filet o' Fish but 100x better. Sure, the service wasn't the greatest but when your food is this awesome, it can be forgiven. You can bet I'll be back!
Cash only (ATM inside) and quite pricey but it's seafood, what do you expect? Cheap seafood = food poisoning most of the time! If you're a fan of fried seafood, this is the place for you. Personally I don't like my seafood fried so I ordered the shrimp tacos and it was great. My friends liked their fried snapper sandwich and one was pleased with the fried shrimp. Again, you have to be a fan of fried foods to really enjoy this place. Parking is quite limited and during lunch time, expect to wait for tables or take it on the go. Clean bathroom. Didn't they say clean bathroom = clean kitchen somewhere?
Minuta sandwich is so delicious!  Probably one of the best things on the menu!  Snapper Minuta with onions and ketchup with a Malta soda to wash it down... Heaven!
I'm scared that they've tried to grow too much and affected quality but I'll give it a couple more tries and see. If you say you've had better fried shrimp than Camaronera you're a liar. No, your grandmother doesn't make better shrimp because I see her there all the time counting her coins to pay for the shrimp. Once you try these shrimp, everything else is garbage. Minuta sandwich is amazing along with everything else they've got on that menu. The new stuff just doesn't do it for me like the original menu. Again, I'll let it play out and see. I'd say stick to the minuta, fried shrimp, lobster, fish soup, and STAND UP to eat. BRING CASH
Because of the word "Fish Market" I literally imagined this place to be an open aired fish market with outdoor seating by the harbor. Boy was I SUPER wrong! It is actually located in a ghetto looking area and in the corner of a plaza. The outside of this restaurant looks really janky, but once you step inside a whole different environment takes over! It is really aquatic/water like inside and bright! Totally not what I was expecting. There is an area to look at the menu, eat at the bar, and another area where you can actually buy fresh seafood! Although I was DISAPPOINTED, I still was overjoyed by the thought of eating here. What I really wanted to try was the Stone Crab. It looked mighty meaty! Sad life they didn't have it. While we were ordering, I was caught between the Snapper Sandwich or their special of the day (I forgot what it was, now that I think about it...), but ordering under pressure led me to order the Fish Fillet with a side of Rice! I was actually scared of what I ordered because IDK what I was thinking....BUT it turned out to be amazingggg! It was a big patty piece like of fish that was breaded. It wasn't super fried, but the fish was ooberly fresh! Loved their rice too. Their side of rice comes in a big bowl with even more fish bits in it! YUMMS yelp.com/user_local_phot… The boy ordered Camaronera Style Burrito. GODDAMN was that thing huge! It looked really pretty how they drizzled the sauces all over. It was ginormous! I've had seafood burritos before and you could tell the seafood used is "fake" or just not freshhh. This place packs their burrito with tons of fresh seafood and you could taste the "fish" flavor (not like fishy where you taste the sea water, but I mean it more with a seafood meaning. yelp.com/user_local_phot… What made me extra happy was the Raw Oyster we ordered! Comes with 5 ginormous pieces of fresh oysters! Wasn't sure how to eat it but we saw this lady eat it...so totally copied her. Just look at it! yelp.com/user_local_phot… It looks slithery and slimy, but it was DELICIOUS! Never had oysters like these before! This place is such a good Florida find! Considering it is seafood, the prices are really cheap too! LOVES IT!
Good solid seafood for a fair price. Got the snapper sandwich, and for five bucks, you can't beat it. Loved the Sandwich bun, it goes perfect with the fish. As for the fish itself, it was a bit oily, but delicious nonetheless. I also ordered the soup(grouper soup?) for four dollars. I expected chunks of fish, but turns out it was just the stock and rice. Not bad, would be better with more ingredients. Overall, it was an ok experience, just remember to bring cash.
I always order to-go. Arroz con pescado & grouper soup. Only $10 and just so good! The only thing I'm not a fan of is that it's Cash only, but oh well. The foods great so it makes up for it
Love their fried shrimp and all their sauces !!!! I highly recommend this place if you love seafood
Guy from DDD came here..check out the spray paint of his head near the door exit. I do not like my fish fried, normally, so i got the grilled mahi mahi sandwich which was listed on the special chalkboard ($7). My sandwich came in a palm sized (my hands are big) white bun.  it looked hard and stale but poking at it leaves your fingerprint.  bread was super soft and chewy.  there were two thin pieces of grilled mahi mahi and they did a good job keeping them moist and tender.  mayo and ketchup between the buns mixed into a pink sauce that tasted yummy.  no lettuce or tomatoes, only diced onions.
Lobster Sandwich is fabulous. Service is great. Line maybe a little long but moves quick.
Order the fish sandwich.. You will not be disappointed! Best $5 spent, left full and happy. This place is a nice casual spot. Was poppin' when we came in on a weekday at lunch time but seats were readily available for two. Service was nothing but the best.. Water cup never empty. I definitely recommend this place. Oh and cash only!
Food is ok, price is good, but their service sucks, the fact they take cash only sucks, and their hours suck. The only thing I would go back for is the shrimp empanada, but for take out only.
Fried shrimps were awesome and perfectly fried.  The famous fish sandwich was also super yummy. I ordered the grilled fish. It was good but I had to send it back to be a little more cooked because it was somewhat raw. Not the best area of Miami either... But where is?? :)
Ran into this place a few times as I use to work in the area... If you are looking for good quick and especially fresh seafood and extremely affordable then this is a place to go!!! Also they remodeled so now they have seating area! :)
Everything is fantastic:  fish sandwiches, seafood burritos and fried shrimp are the best in Miami!!
And you call yourself a foodie? Nah, don't think so. At least not until you've been over to La Camaronera in Little Havana.     In my opinion, for a coastal city, Miami is severely lacking in reasonably priced fresh seafood establishments. One exception to this generalization is La Camaronera. Here, in the heart of Little Havana lies an outpost of the local fish suppliers The Garcia Brothers. The main attractions here are batter and fresh seafood. Everything is fried. Everything is fresh. Everything is delicious. Best of all, everything is cheap. A few musts eats/tries:      The Fried Shrimp. Probably the best in Miami. I usually order the platter, but the fried shrimp sandwich is great as well. Also, don't forget to ask for the "salsa picante", it goes great with everything here.     The pan con minuta, which is basically yellowtail snapper w/ tail, fried, on Cuban bread, with tartar and cocktail sauce. I think this goes for about 3.99$. Also, look for the pan con minuta on "Fish Box" food truck which should be hitting the streets by mid September.     Next, the black eyed pea fritters are 5 for 1$. I get these not so-much for the taste, even though the taste is really good, but rather for the perfect texture that the fritters form after taking an oil bath. Probably not the best thing for your health, but it's definitely good for the soul.       Finally, the fried lobster is perfect, it's erotic, and it's so good it should be made illegal. My brother, sister and I split a fried lobster platter last week and were all amazed by the greatness of this dish. Not rubbery, not dry, not anything other than moist, fresh, hot, flavorful lobster in La Camaronera's delicious homemade batter. Simply Heaven.     It should be noted that La Camaronera is standing room only, not due to the large crowds, but rather, because they have no chairs.... So hopefully all that standing will help work off all those fried food calories....  OR NOT!
Lobster sandwich was good the bread was soft, n not overbearing. Corvina sandwich same review. Oyster cocktail took a min. To adjust to our liking but good if you like raw oysters.
is there anything greater then fried food with a latin flair? I think not. I was in the area with limited time and what seemed like limited food options when I remembered this was close by. crowded on both sides of the counter - one side busily hustling to fill orders, the other busily stuffing huge servings of fried seafood away, I knew right away this was going to be a yummy experience. not realizing how big the portions were I ordered the classic pan con minuta sandwich and a side of the rice with fish chunks (sounds better in spanish!). the minuta, battered and deep fried, was perfectly cooked (crispy outside, tender inside) & with some lime and hot sauce added was absolutely delicious. the rice was a little low on seasoning, but once I added a pinch of salt it was mmm mmm good. the service was quick. the prices unbeatable - $8 for all that food (and it was a lot) plus a drink. the food extremely tasty. aside from the location - not an area I visit frequently - this place is a must do! next time I'll be sure to try the fried shrimp I've read so much about.
La Camaronera saved my NYE Stone Crab craving!!! The past few years I've gotten into having stone crabs and bubbly on New Year's Eve. I usually wake up early and head down south to get my crab on, but this year, I woke up late and by the time I called the usual place to see how their selection was doing, I found out there were slim pickins. This of course sent me in to full panic mode and I started calling every single place I could think of with Stone Crabs in Florida to find out about their selection and prices. SO many places were already out and soooo many places had ridiculous prices ($18++ per lb of "medium" claws and up). Then a light bulb went off in my head as I remembered seeing claws at La Camaronera! I called and sure enough- they had claws...and at an amazing price! Large claws were going for $16 a lb! Hellooooooooo---save me 4lbs....I'm on my way! I hurried over to the restaurant as fast as I could for fear of my claws being sold and on the way there I realized that I was STARVING! The whole drive over I could just think of their delicious fried shrimps.....so much so....that while I waited for my claws to come out, I stood at the counter and I had not one, but TWO plates of DELICIOUS fried shrimp. They are my absolute favorite fried shrimp in Miami...hands down. Other notable (and delectable) options here are the infamous pan con minuta, the shrimp sangwhich, the rice with fish, the fried lobster, and something that I LOVE and don't come by often---fish cheeks! I believe they are often grouper cheeks. I guess now that there's a 4 month ban on grouper fishing I'll have to wait to have those again for a lil while..... I left here full and SUPER happy to have my large and meaty claws for NYE...what more could a girl ask for?! Ok, maybe I could ask for some mustard sauce to go with the claws, but that's about it....I had some at home anyway ;) Sidenote:  I was talking to Dave Garcia- he and his dad are the owners, and it sounds like GREAT things are coming to La Camaronera in 2010...including beer! Can't wait!
OMG, live this place. The empanadas are to die for...the whole fish was very flakey and seasoned perfectly! We will definitely be back. The food was very fresh & worth the drive!
Upon entering the Buba Gumpzalez Shrimp Company the first thing that strikes you is the lack of seating. The management will also strike you, and call you a "mariscon" if you try to sit on their revolting Gator-themed (orange and blue) counter. The Camaroneria reminds me of an English chip shop, except no one speaks English. Better get that Cubiche Language Edition of Rosetta Stone or become a very precise pointer. Here are some suggestions -- Bollitos de Carita: I feel like I should go to confession and say a "Hail Mary" (2Pac version) whenever I say the name of these black-eyed pea based hushpuppies out loud. It sounds obscene in Spanish but tastes good in any language. Fried Lobster: the word lobster is enough for me, but then deep fried... Mahi Fingers: shares no DNA with your school lunch fish sticks. Crispy on the outside, flaky on the inside and perfectly sharable. Pan con Minuta aka Pan con Minushies: Cuban style Filet O'  Fish minus the burger cheese (watch for the tail). I wasn't mentally or gastronomically prepared for the following -- Coctel de Ostiones (small): the guy next to me looked like he was having his food fantasy fulfilled, so I asked him about it. He couldn't talk but pointed at a server, then his appetizer, then me and one just appeared. I ate them with a big smile on my face, but now I know I prefer them on a half shell. A dozen oysters packed into a 3 ounce cup, looks like a shot of snot. Huevas Fritas: fried fish roe in its sac. Essentially a membrane filled with the small caviar you see on sushi. Hot. Blech. No amount of hot sauce, ketchup, tartar, cocktail sauce, or lime juice can fix those two.Texture thingy. Next time I'm on a mission to try -- Calamares: the more tentacles an animal has, the more I want to put it in my mouth. Fried Shrimp: their signature item and I didn't even try it. The only way to get fresher seafood, is to go get it yourself. Great place to bring timid seafood eaters as everything is fried and lightly seasoned. The only reason it loses a star...you'll reek from the combination of ambient grease and fish particles in the air.
Fresh. Cheap. Authentic. Delicious.  Simple. I can go on and on... Get in your car. Take a taxi.  Take a break from fist pumping and get your booty out of South Beach over here.  When I yelped this place, this was my number one stop when we arrived in Miami.  After a 4 hr drive, we didn't even think going to our hotel first.  We immediately stopped by La Camaronera Restaurant & Fish Market to get a taste of authentic Miami food, Dexter style.   We didn't play around and got right to ordering our epic feast.   We got: -Stone Crab MP ($16) -Breaded losber MP ($16) -Breaded Shrimp $6.50 -Pan con minuta ($3.25) -French Fries $2.50 -Malta India drink $1.50 This hole in the wall restaurant is in downtown Miami in "Little Havana," but do not let the ghetto area scare you.  The more ghetto, the more authentic right?  The set up is very simple where you stand by the counter to eat and watch them prep the food in front of you.  I decided to be spontaneous and started out with a Malta India drink but as Matt T. would say, "it was like poop in a bottle." It had a very strong and acquired taste, but this didn't ruin our feast one bit. Bread Shrimp:  It was freshly fried and hot when they served it to us.  With the right amount of fried batter, fresh shrimp, and a hint of lime...it was perfection. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Stone Crab:  We came in perfect time for stone crab season! The stone crab came shortly after and they gave a generous portion of 7 claws along with lime and homemade sauce.  Now that's what I'm talking about! They already pre-cut the crab so it was extremely easy to peel off and bite that tender crab meat out.  The lime and sauce complemented the succulent meat well.  What a treat.  I did a price comparison with the touristy restaurant, Joe's Stone crab and we definitely got the most bang for our buck here with their cheap, fresh crab. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Fried Lobster: When we were waiting, I saw them take one of these bad boys out of their fresh seafood market display. Legit. yelp.com/biz_photos/LAGU… Freshly cut lobster meat fried in batter? Thanks grilled cheesus! Like another reviewer said...it should be illegal.  It came out hot and flavorful with the right amount of crispiness on the outside and moisture on the inside. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Pan con minuta: This came out last  to end our meal with a bang.  Hold up, wait a minute. Forget those filet sandwiches at Mcdonalds. This is the real deal. A yellowtail snapper fish sandwich with a tail hanging out!  It came with cut onions and a tasty tartar sauce served in a Cuban bread. Nommers. yelp.com/biz_photos/LAGU… The french fries were thinly cut and crispy and they went great with the entire meal. Everything here is so authentic from seeing them pull the fresh raw lobster out in preparation to fry...to making their homemade sauce in front of us.  Truly a genuine spot that will outdo any restaurant in South Beach.
Wow, it's times like these that really makes me appreciate the Yelp community and all the time people put into writing these reviews.  I made a little trek to Little Havana just to visit this small eatery because of the great reviews it had. 23 reviews so far with ONLY 4 or 5 stars... I'm sold. This is place #2 on my list of must-eat-at places in Miami. Stuck in a small dingy plaza and barely noticeable, it's an easy to miss place that one would hardly suspect to have so many patrons inside munching on delicious sandwiches. Pan Con Minuta (fish sandwich) w/ all the fixings - $3.25 - I swear I've never had a fish sandwich so unbelievably wonderful. Freshly made and served on a delicious bun, it was just mind-blowing and out of this world. I mean, I'm salivating as I'm recalling how good this sandwich was. Camaronera Sandwich (breaded shrimp sandwich) w/ all the fixings - $5 - I noticed their sign that said "Miami's best shrimp," so of course I had to order this too. Giant shrimp poppers in a delicious bun, also made fresh to order. So tasty! I ordered this sandwich to share, and I think my boyfriend secretly didn't want to share because it was so good. But of course greedy chubby bunny ate and enjoyed her half of the sandwich. =]
Now that the Fish Box is roaming the streets (Food Truck from La Camaronera) I have not visited this place as much. Why 5 stars? -FRESH (they have their own fleet!) -Historic (way older than I) -Great service (6 behind counter taking orders) -Fast service (organized chaos) -Affordable (got a Hamilton?) -Eat standing up (straight run to your belly) -Great little fresh catch section in the back. A must stop if you're visiting the city.
La Camaronera roughly translates as The Shrimp Lady.  It is a Cuban fish fry house, widely known, as you might guess, for its fried shrimp.  It was founded by the Garcia brothers after they left Cuba following the seizure of the family business by the government there.  Originally a seafood market when opened in 1966, but one day they put in some fryers and counters, and the business is still going strong.  For 45 years it has been seatless, you either eat at the counter or get your food to go.  Today, they are preparing for change.  The space next door has been acquired, and will have seating once renovations are complete.  The other year La Camaronera was featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. At it's heart, this is a stand-while-you-eat fish-fry house, and it's as good as it gets in this region. I don't really speak Spanish, but I know enough food words to get by.  During the week I've seen County and City workers who weren't Hispanic, and they seemed to manage, so don't be scared off if you are Anglophone-only! I was by again the other week with some out of town friends.  We of course ordered some fried shrimp, and also some fish fingers.  The fish of the day was corvina.  We also got the signature fish sandwich (pan con minuta) which features a small snapper that is boned and butterflied before being fried with the tail left on. Everything was delicious and fresh.  The fried shrimp were outstanding. One thing I should mention:  The default way they serve a fish sandwich is with cocktail sauce, tartar sauce and raw onions.  If you don't like any of those, or if you don't think you would like the combination, make it clear ahead of time.  By the way, both sauces are house-made.  The cocktail sauce in particular is pretty good. The french fries are a big blah, but I suspect that they are a sop to Gringo clients.  Go native and get the bollitos or tostones (deep-fried blackeyed pea balls, and smashed and twice-fried plantain slices). I can't promise that "you can't go wrong" here, as I haven't fully explored the menu, but I've had 4-5 kinds of fried fish, fried shrimp, fried lobster, and more, and enjoyed them all. Highly recommended, if you like this sort of place.
The only place for cheap, delicious seafood in all of Miami.  Sopa de Cherna, Arroz con Pescado, and the Mixed Ceviche are all definite definites.  It's not just about fried seafood here.  They offer lots of non-fried options that are nearly guaranteed not to disappoint. While you won't find a lot of fish in the sopa or arroz, you will find flavor and this flavor is the type that won't hurt the wallet.  On the next visit I'll order all of the items that they are famous for, but on this visit I wanted to sample things that others usually pass up. I actually saw this place profiled in DDD but didn't give it much thought after watching the episode.  At the time I was single and wasn't planning on visiting Miami any time soon.  But now that I'm dating a Miami native, visits to the Latin America of the US will be frequent. Hopefully my GF will be up for all of the fried seafood on the next trip...
THIS IS NOT A SIT-DOWN RESTAURANT. There -- I said it.  There are no tables or chairs.  You stand at a counter to eat your food. However, this is one of Guy Fieri's favorite "Dives" and is a MUST VISIT place if you go to Little Havana or Calle Ocho. My wife had a great time conversing with the owner in Spanish.  They were actually about to close for the day, but she stayed open an extra 20 minutes to feed us, when she found out we were from California and had found them on Yelp. Our menu choices were:  Fried Fish Sandwich, Calamari, and Fried Shrimp. Loved their batter.  They brought us samples of yellow cuban rice with fish fins and fried bananas, on the house. Everything is reasonably priced and delicious.  I can see why this place was so popular with the Food Channel folks!
What to get: Pan Con Minuta (fish sandwich, which has the easily removable tail still attached; incredible value at $3.25), Mahi fingers Strong legs: No chairs. "Dining in" means standing and consuming at the ordering counter (we men already eat this way in our own kitchens, but I can't speak for the willingness of women to do the same). Transparency: On top of pouring beverages, handing out straws, providing napkins and supplying takeout containers, the employee you place your order with also prepares your meal within feet of your face. Treat ("Tip") your cook like a server: He/She typically won't come out from behind the counter to assist you (ex. water drinkers serve themselves from a pitcher), but they take care of everything else, which includes cleaning up your mess. Anglo-friendly: Don't let the predominantly Hispanic/Latin clientele/staff fool you - if English is the one and only language you are fluent in, you'll be just fine.
Everything is delicious. A few musts eats/tries:     The Fried Shrimp. Probably the best in Miami. I usually order the pthe fried shrimp sandwich is great. Also, don't forget to ask for the "salsa picante", it goes great with everything here.    The pan con minuta, which is basically yellowtail snapper w/ tail, fried, on Cuban bread Next, the black eyed pea fritters. Probably not the best thing for your health, but it's definitely good for the soul.      Finally, the fried lobster is perfect, it's erotic, and it's so good it should be made illegal.
Eating at La Camaronera for the first time today was a biblical experience. After seeing this legendary Miami staple on Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern and Anthony Bourdain's The Layover, the boo and I were long overdue for a visit. When we arrived, there was not a single parking space available in the tiny lot, so we were forced to park on the street. While that's usually no biggie, it was pouring rain and the pay to park machine was acting bonkers, so we decided to chance it and just... not pay (I know, we are SUCH rebels). We ordered the crab bites as an appetizer, which we're aiight. I expected them to be chunky, but they were actually creamy instead. They came paired with a spicy mayonnaise-y sauce, which was delish. The boo ordered a pan con minuta sandwich, while I had the Camaronera sandwich (what I like to describe as a Cuban shrimp po' boy). There are not enough "Oh my Gods" in the world to describe how FIRE my sandwich was. It legit tasted like the sea. I have never had fresh seafood like that, and who would've thunk that it would be in unassuming Little Havana (fun fact: while driving there we passed Willy Chirino Way, so I knew I was destined to love this place). There are no seats, so get ready to eat standing at a countertop. The lovely man that took our order took it with the quickness, was very informative and had our food to us within minutes (they were slammed, by the way). Seriously, there are not enough amazing things I can say about this place. So, basically, if you don't come here like... tomorrow, you're missing out.
Seafood is the thing to eat here - and they serve it all fresh while charging relatively inexpensive prices. They're bound to fill you up, but if they don't, you can always get some sides. I recommend here anything "seafood" and also anything fried. Something like tostones, fish (pan con minuta aka fried fish sandwich), and their famous shrimp - hence the name La Camaronera (the shrimping lady?). The salad is just seasoned with salt. The rice was okay - if you wanted rice, I think the arroz con mariscos (rice with seafood) is much more popular than the arroz con pescado (rice with fish) since they ran out of that first and it is only served on friday and saturdays. Come early, spend little, and eat well - even though there's no chairs to sit on. This is the place that offers a real fish market feel!
If you have an unhealthy LOVE for The Fish Box food truck (as I do), then you're going to fall in unhealthy LOVE with it's home base... La Camaronera (as I did). A weekday lunch stop here was part of what's become a recent tour of authentic hole-in-the-wall eating establishments. Ordered the sopa de cherna (grouper soup), tostones, minuta sandwich and camaronera sandwich (fried/battered shrimp sandwich).  And When in Rome (or Little Havana, as is this case), don't forget a can of Materva and Jupina to top it all off.  All that food for 2 for less than $25. You have to come to La Camaronera with patience (to find parking, and a spot at the counter), and a big appetite (because why come here for just one item??).  We ordered our food, and then stood at the counter against the wall in the back.  The thought of eating standing up is enough to make some people avoid this place, but we didn't even realize we weren't seated because the food was so good.  In fact, there was even a woman with a walker standing up to eat her lunch.  THAT'S how you know it's good! Who needs tables and chairs when you've got a happy belly? Thank You Garcia Family - for continuing to fulfill my seafood culinary cravings!
Mmmm... pan con minuta and black eye pea fritters! The minuta sandwich comes with the fried tail and is worth every bit of the 4 bucks. Me and my friend ate here and even though we don't speak a lick of Spanish, the folks here were so friendly. The patrons instantly started talking to us and they introduced us to Cuban root soda. Also something I would try again.
Still the best place in town for a fried fish sandwich or some fried shrimp! Met the owner the last time I was in and he couldn't be nicer.  Such a sweet guy and he was so happy to have us.   I had known there was a relation between here and Garcia's on the river, but didn't know the exact relationship.  In speaking with him, I discovered that his brother is the owner of Garcia's.  Those guys really know what they're doing!! I had the Mahi sandwich the last time and so I made it a point to try the Pan Con Minuta this time...it was even better!!  I don't know how it's posible to top the Mahi, but they did it!  It's sweet and delicate and just downright delicious!! If you have still not been there, get the F over there already!!
Went there today with 3 friends and here's a quick rundown of all the food we orderd: 4 small orders of oysters- they come in a cup and the size is big and taste is even bigger 1 order of fried calamari 1 order of the seafood and rice plate- this dish is only available on the weekends, as stated on the menu 1 order of fried lobster 1 order of the fried snapper sandwich 2 orders of fried shrimp 2 bottle waters 2 can sodas Total price was $84. Small price to pay for some good ass seafood.  Only knock on this joint is the small parking lot, I don't even mind that you have to standup while eating your food.  Since I'm from Atlanta I'm not used to non-commercialized restaurants that offer exquiste cuisine at a reasonable price.  The shrimps are huge, the oysters are really fresh, the fish sandwich is probably the best fish sandwich I've ever had in my life, the bread it comes on aint too shabby either,  the lobster is also delicious, and I especially love it because they just cut to the chase.   I predict this joint will get even busier in the near future since it's located less than 2 miles from the new Marlins ballpark.  Overall I plan on coming here everytime I stop in Miami, and if I lived in Miami I would probably come here at least once a weekt.  Just for the fish sandwich and maybe the shrimp and the oysters.
I absolutely love this place - the food quality and prices are unbeatable. As many other Yelpers have mentioned, the thing to order here is either the pan con minuta or the fried shrimp. Both are delicious -- and cheap!! Pan con minuta ($3.25): A little roll with a full filet of fried fish, including the tail. A dash of tartar sauce and something that looks like mayo-ketchup. Delicious :) Camarones Empanizados ($11.00): Fried shrimp (wonderful seasoning in the breading), tostones and seafood rice. The shrimp is obviously the star of this. The tostones were good - I guess you can't really hurt a toston. I wasn't a fan of the seafood rice, it tasted like they overcooked the rice to me. Next time I will order just a side of fried shrimp, because they were great. This is a good place to pick up take-out or for a quick lunch on the run. There aren't many chairs around the counter and it gets packed quickly. To order just flag anyone down behind the counter, because if you try and be polite you'll end up waiting an hour to order when they're busy. Also - while I was there I noticed Guy Fieri's picture on the wall, so apparently this little place was mentioned on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. I'll have to look up the episode...
It's a LOCAL hang out for sure...LOVE it. it's around calle ocho in 305. i'm guessing it's a lot of cubanos and puerto riquenos. pretty much everyone was speaking spanish (very different than the spanish you hear in california) it was very strange to see how everyone is eating at the counter, but the owner was nice enough to see us tourist (asians who stuck out like a sore thumb) and held a spot open for us to squeeze in. the price for the seafood was affordable, and quality was great. the fried oyster was really fresh. must get! didn't get to try the paella though! it's only available on the weekends.
Delicious famous fried shrimp. I had the combo with rice and fried plantains. Rice has fish bits and is delicious too, the fried plantains not so tasty and dry for me. You can eat at the counter standing or wait for a table. Cash only. The fish sandwiches looked awesome, but I didn't have the appetite to try one. It isn't stone crab season which I would have ordered if available. Warning they close pretty early so check the hours before you make the trip.
Because I love seafood and because this place has great reviews, I decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised when it met all my expectations plus more standing up savoring my "pan con minuta." I couldn't believe the price! So affordable, why pay for a frozen fish sandwich at McDonald's for the same price, when this one is so fresh it even has the tail still on it! Out of everything we ordered, this was my favorite: perfectly seasoned and fried, worth all the calories. The staff was friendly and I was enjoying my food so much, I didn't even remember we were eating while standing up. Even though my visit there was great, worthy of 5 stars, something happened to bring my rating down. My mistake was when I ordered the Seafood Rice (available only on weekends) to-go. That evening, maybe I was seafooded out but I couldn't even eat it, it smelled too fishy. Besides that, everything was great and I will definitely give this place another go, just I recommend NOT getting the rice and sticking to what they do the best: fried food. There are so many delicious options on the menu and there isn't another place like this around. And it was so close to Downtown, within a 5 to 10 minute drive.
Since I saw Zimmern checked in here and got a taste of the Huevas Fritas, I have decided next time I'm down that way in the Sunny State I will have to pay homage to this place. Today (8/31) I got the chance. Rolling through Miami, my first instinct is to bring up the yelp app on iPhone and find direction to La Camaronera. Let me tell ya, even with all these super intelligent gadgets and apps, it is still darn hard to find this place. It ended up being in the back corner of a shopping center right across the street from a Cigar shop and La Pupusa Factory (#2) Once you step inside, you know you got yourself a real deal. Everything is simple. You come up to the counter and order, all the items up on the board above. There is no chair in here, so it's kind of like one of those drinking bar, except you get delicious seafood. I ordered three things just by myself: Shrimp & scallop ceviche (both meat in large chunk, and the shrimp is basically the size of a de-shelled prawn,) which looks freshly made every day. Empanada d'Camaron looks big, but totally the right size once put in your mouth, and the mix inside was delicious. Then there was Huevas Fritas, fried fish roes for those not in the know; I grew up watching my dad making these into perfection, and here at La Camaronera I found that old flavor. There were almost tears in my eyes as I chow them down. La Camaronera. You worth every mile of driving for me to find you. As my friend taught me how to say is, "Estoy lleno, la cuenta por favor!" (You pay your bill after you finish eating here.)
Came to this hole in the wall once I arrived in Miami. Limited parking with only a 20 minute maximum - so the signs state. The place was loaded with locals and the food cooked to order. Started off with grouper soup and then followed with the Corvina fish which was served with plantains and rice which was so yummy. Service at the counter from the waiter was friendly and made several suggestions and the only con here is it's cash only.
Three words: Yum Yum Delicioso! This place should be required eating if you live in Miami and love seafood. It's a hole in the wall, and you have to eat standing up but it is so worth it. When we walked in I was all "this is it". But as I stood there watching my husband eat the oyster cocktail out of a plastic cup I began to get worried. "Damn I hope he doesn't get food poisoning." That was the only negative thought I had though. Everything else we had was really good and well cooked. Fried shrimp, French fries, rice with fish pieces and tostones were all good. Yes you eat standing up and yes it's crowded, but that's a good thing!! The fish is fresh and people don't stay too long. Tip: Take the first parking spot you see... don't be picky.  Oh yeah and bring your own beer *wink wink nudge nudge in a paper bag*
Really great find.  If you're passing through Little Havana, this is the spot to try some great seafood on the cheap.  I had the fried snapper sandwich and grouper soup.  That soup had such rich fishy flavor and was a perfect alternative to all the other fried stuff on the menu.  The snapper sandwich was actually kind of cute as it literally was a piece of fish as opposed to something minced.  It lacked a little flavor, but you could simply add more tartar sauce/ hot sauce yourself.  My friend's fried oysters were also delicious, I should have just ninja'd the rest of them since she thought it had too much breading.
I have to say that I am simply obsessed with The Fish Box by La Camaronera! I love food. Especially simple food, done really well. That's exactly what The Fish Box is. I've had the pleasure of dining al fresco with the food truck twice in the past week and both times, I was more than impressed. For my first venture, I caught up with them in Bayfront Park. At the suggestion of a friend, I went for the Camaronera sandwich. Instant heaven! I mean how can you not like fried shrimp on a cuban bread roll with fresh cut onions, ketchup and tartar sauce? The answer is, you can't not like it. I LOVED it! At just 6 bucks it was perfectly priced and satisfying for a lunch time meal. My second encounter with the Fish Box happened on a Tuesday when they partnered with Latin Burger and Sakaya Kitchen's Dim Ssam a gogo for a mini food truck meet up. My main purpose for going was to not only stuff my face but to introduce my boyfriend to the food truck movement. After trying the Lobster Sandwich from The Fish Box... he's officially hooked and so am I. The sandwich was delicious with fried lobster on a cuban bread roll topped with a slightly spicy pink sauce. The right amount of sauce and the lobster was perfectly fried and not over cooked. Thanks god we shared the sandwich because we were able to go back for seconds with the Camaronera sandwich. Yes, I'm a pig but you know what... with food from The Fish Box, I just don't care. NOM, NOM!
For years, I always wondered why my grandmother used to randomly call me and have "special requests" from this establishment. After all, it's just fried seafood. Well.....that was til' the other day when I decided to give in to sin and sample her usual bag of fried shrimp and hush puppies....finger licking good! Wow! The shrimp was fresh, although fried it was lightly battered and not terribly greasy - taste was amazing!!!  Guy Fieri is a fan as well and recently watched his episode on Divers, Drive-ins & Dives Miami!!!!!!  Very cool! No tables/chairs - people are usually standing behind the counter eyeing their order cooked right in front of them. That's no problem for me since I eat standing up at home anyways....bad habit I picked up from my Daddy  but it's all good - food digests quicker HA! Fried Shrimp  $8 Hush Puppies $9 Oyster Cocktail $4.25sm  $7.00lg
I knew of their food truck before I visited the actual restaurant. Before I made the move from Miami, I knew this is one institution I had to go to. While the shop blends into the neighborhood, after walking inside, I was definitely surprised by how bright the place was! I was looking to get an order to-go so I stepped up to the counter (hoping to fool the regular crowd into thinking I knew what I was doing) and ordered a pan con minuta and side of tostones to take home with me. After ordering with confidence, I thought I had my server fooled. That's until he handed over my food and rejected my credit card as payment, letting me know it was cash-only. My cover was blown, but no worries, I handed over the bills and grabbed my paper bag. I could not make it all the way home without having some of the piping hot tostones. They were salty, oily and just what I needed to stave off my hunger. Once I finally got in a position to eat my sandwich I could not have been more excited. With one bite I knew that it lived up to the hype. From the sauce to chopped onions and fresh bread, it was a sandwich from the fish gods. Now that I know what to expect, I plan to return for some fried shrimp, and this time I'll eat at the counter like a real regular.
Used to come here all the time as a child with my grandparents who lived nearby before it ever had tables and just had the bear. You can't beat the price and casual atmosphere it brings. We ordered the classic pan con minute and shrmip sandwich. All were very delicious, but I do have to say, the minuta could have been much fresher. I remember it always being very fresh, so maybe it was just a mishap this time. I will be back if I'm ever in the area and in the mood for humble seafood. Brings back memories!
I love coming to eat here!!! Everything is fresh and made to order. I'm also a huge fan of their food truck, The Fish Box! Every time I visit either, I always ask for the shrimp sandwich (La Camaronera Sandwich) and fries- both delish!
I am not kidding when I say this.  This is THE BEST SANDWICH I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.  Above any Italian sub, cheesesteak or fancy boars head turkey sandwich.   The snapper sandwich (its called something else in spanish) is AMAZING.  And its 4$.  The bun is....well... unreal.  Get the fried shrimp too, everyone does, they are amazing.  Cash only, no seats, just stand up and eat... I am not kidding when I say this is by far the best hole in the wall I have ever walked in to...   and a side note... if you look at any restaurants that diners drive ins and dives have visited, chances are their yelp reviews will tell you a totally different story than what he told you on the show... this place has the reviews and for good reason...
Best fried shrimp I've EVER had. My first experience with the Camaronera sandwich started with their food truck version The Fish Box. This sandwich is even better here & of course fresher ! Perfectly lightly fried shrimp with tarter/cocktail sauce & chopped onions on a fluffy Cuban roll. Que ricooooo I want another one just thinking about it. This is seriously the best meal you can have after spending a day at the beach, it's totally worth the out of the way drive. Since I wanted something sweet after my little guilty pleasure sandwich, I had the Key Lime Pie & wowww. Perfect portion sized, perfectly sweet & tart with a crumbly pie crust. Can't wait to come back with the boyfriend, he was drooling just over the pics ! - posted a picstitch of the sandwich, insides & key lime pie... Enjoy!
Another DDD spot with extremely fresh fish. Go in and just order whatever they have on the menu that was recently swimming in the ocean. They batter it, throw it in a bun and you devour it! If you'd like, you can just purchase some fresh fish and take it home and prepare it your own way. You just need to try this!
This place has undergone a mini rennovation- basically the store next door was bought, walls torn down, and ta-da you now have a sit down dining area. It takes a little away from the old school counter-only service but to compensate service was pretty on point (we never ran out of water, our food delivered by a food runner and our plates picked up by another server). We ordered two pan con minuta- simple yet awesome, perfectly fried minuta on soft cuban bread, two shrimp empanadas- suprisingly delicious, and an order of Calamari- kind of chewy- not terrible but is the reason for the 4 stars.
Its a simple, no frills spot, clean and sparse inside.  The main draw is the food itself, as it should always be no?  I had the fried shrimp, lobster sandwich, and key lime pie.  The fried shrimp was amazing and a generous portion for $8.  On the other hand the lobster sandwich at $13, however tastey, was one I'll probably skip on my next visit as it has a lot of bun.  The key lime pie is just delicious and the perfect single serving size.  Great place for an easy and tasty meal.
Nothing about this place screams "pretentiousness." I went here for lunch on Friday afternoon and it was the first time I had been there in over a year. I was instantly reminded of why I love this place when I came in. First off, it's one of the only places I've ever been where you have to stand up the entire time and eat your food at a counter, which is a novelty in and of itself. Be prepared to leave here smelling like fried fish, which is never a good thing but it's well worth it as the food is AMAZING. The hardest part about this place is ordering your food. It's often packed and elbowing your way to the front of the counter is a task. However, once you get your spot staked out, be prepared for deliciousness. I took my friend and made him order the Pan Con Minuta which is a fried fish sandwich on Cuban bread with onions and their special sauce. This sandwich is what the place is known for and it was just as great as I remembered it. I ordered the Shrimp Sandwich which was fantastic and came with everything on the Minuta, except there was tartar sauce as well, which is never a bad thing. We also ordered the Shrimp Empanadas and while they were good, I felt that there just wasn't enough shrimp on the inside as when I bit into mine it was mostly air with little tiny bits of shrimp. I will definitely keep bringing people here in the future and can't wait to get back. Maybe next time I'll wear different clothes!
You want Fresh Fish, this is the place. Its not fancy at all, there are no tables, just a big bar the goes around the entire place. Its a big fish market. Basically its like eating your fish at the dock. The only thing that is missing is the ocean water. They have great "bollito de carita" which are hush puppies and great minuta sandwich, which is a white fish.
Let me say this.. The fish sandwich here is something to rave about. It was so fresh, so perfectly fried (the shrimp too), but the payoff to eat was so much more satisfying than the food. I had my heart set on this place before we boarded our cruise last March. Our hotel was a 10 min cab ride away so we called a cab and waited in the lobby. Finally our cab came and we couldn't get around the "Calle Ocho" Street Festival and eventually the cabbie gave up trying to find an alternate route. WELL, here are me and my husband, both white and NOT Cuban.. wandering throughout Little Havana during the Calle Ocho (8th Street) fest. My husband was PISSED and I was trying to keep calm. We kept our heads down and kindly asked a police officer for directions. We crossed our fingers and went in the direction we were given and walked about 20 minutes in 90 degree weather to get to this place. Once we finally got there, we breathed a huge sigh of relief and enjoyed some delicious fried fish.   But sometimes, the story is just as good as the food.
Sometimes a place specializes in one thing and does it so well, there's hardly a need for anything else. Fried snapper, a little diced onion, and a spicy sauce on a bun. That's all it took to make me want to come back here next time I visit Miami, whenever that may be. Try the pan con minuta, AKA the snapper sandwich, AKA the house specialty when you visit here. You won't be sorry.
Yes it is hole in the wall, super loud, packed, cash-only, no seats, very limited parking spots... I had to park my SUV on the street. My check is like $30+ and everything was delicious. The chef special sweet chilli crispy seafood is unbeatable, the best fried seafood I've ever had. And the stone crab is like heaven. It is located in little Havana, so everyone eating there and working there probably speaks Spanish. I can't and my cashier speak a little bit English... but finally we figured it out.
My best friend and I had the opportunity to check out this restaurant when we were in Miami a couple months ago for vacation. One thing I definitely learned after I finished eating here is that one should not judge a book by its cover.  The place is a hole in the wall type of restaurant.  You don't sit and eat.  You actually order your food and they will cook it right in front of you and you just stand at the counters and eat.  Not too bad...different, yes...but yummy! I ordered the mahi fingers and it was quite yummy...but I think the best thing on that menu is definitely the fried oysters!  Oh my gosh...I crave those oysters, to this day. Although the food is good, I do have a couple negatives.  The restaurant is a little hard to find the first time...it is pretty hidden.  The staff's English is not very good...so it's hard to clarify on dishes or ask questions.   Overall, the food outweighs the negatives...I would definitely come back to this place if and when I come back to Miami.
This place is a hole in the wall fried fish and shrimp place which is simply the best 'round these parts. I had the fried shrimp and also the fried shrimp sandwich.  The fried shrimp is really good - big pieces of shrimp, generous portions.  The shrimp are juicy and fluffy and the breading is light and not overdone.  In sandwich form it is unusual and very tasty. The format is also interesting.  It's like a kitchen bar - with the kitchen in the middle, countertop areas surrounding the edges of the kitchen.  You find space at the countertop area, and then stand, order and eat right there at the kitchen.  I am a fan of open kitchens - especially when eating at a hole-in-the-wall establishment in Little Havana. I am hoping to try the fish - maybe the mahi fingers or mahi sandwich next time around.
