O-K so I'm going to get some hate for this review. I was really having some high hopes for this spot due to high ratings, and excellent comments. We got the two signature items at this place: Ropa Vieja and the Oxtail. The Ropa Vieja wasn't as tender and "melt in your mouth" type of texture. To the least I expected some shredded beef that was soft, but rather, it was tough and I had to chew quite a bit to eat this dish. Sauce? Excellent. Oxtail stew was definitely a 4 star. I mean, the meat did melt in your mouth. The sauce was alright for me. I believe I've had generally better oxtail soups or stews at other places with different places. I'm okay not having these two dishes ever again, but would like to try a couple of other items.
Bread. Looked nice and pillowy, didn't eat any though because I wanted to save room! Beef Empanada. THE best empanada I've ever eaten in my life. The beef was really yummy and well-seasoned. The empanada crust was the perfect amount of  flaky and doughy goodness! Absolute deliciousness! Potato Balls. THE BEST POTATO BALLS EVER! Perfectly fried amount of mashed potato with ground beef on the insides. The smoothest, softest, starchiest mashed potato I've had in a fried potato ball, not to mention the deliciously spiced ground beef. These weren't cheap, I think about $2 each but worth every single penny! Yummy in my tummy goodness! Ropa Vieja. Shredded Beef with a side of rice and plantains. I'm usually not a fan of shredded or pulled meats but this was amazing! It was so delicious, well-flavored and well-spiced. The cumin, bell peppers and onions definitely added to the flavor of the dish. Super delicious! Side of rice and plantains. I didn't eat the rice but the plantains were delish! Love me some nommy plantains! Cuban Sandwich. Ham, Roasted Pork, Swiss Cheese, Pickles, Mustard and Mayonnaise on toasted Cuban Bread. THE BEST CUBAN SANDWICH EVER! This was sooo good! There are no words for how good this was! The sandwich was well-dressed with just the right amount of flavor. The thickness of the bread worked perfectly with the amount of meat and toppings in the sandwich. Delicious! Literally THE BEST CUBAN MEAL I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE! Not to mention the fact that this place is decently priced and the portions are pretty big too! I ended up saving my half of the sandwich for breakfast the next day! The service was speedy and efficient too!
My second day in Miami was devoted towards finding good Cuban food. I must admit that I had never had Cuban cuisine before. So, I guess that I did not know what I was missing. My friend was determined to find a good Cuban restaurant, so he was on a mission. We decided on this place because of the yelp reviews. Sangria: Delicious! I am not a big alcohol drinker. I am Asian, need I say more. Not only am I a cheap date (lightweight is an understatement), I also hate the taste of alcohol. The waitress brought two glasses for us, they were filled with ice and about a quarter full of fresh cut fruit. I must say that after sharing a half carafe of sangria with my friend, I was quite pleased. So pleased that I was ready and willing to order another half carafe! Empanadas: I ordered one chicken, one beef, and one spinach. They ran out of spinach, and gave me an additional chicken instead, without asking me. The dough was incredible! It was light and flaky and cooked to perfection. The chicken was good, although a tiny bit dry. However, I certainly appreciated that it was not ground meat, and that it was seasoned well. The beef was good, but next time I will order all chicken. And I may attempt to order spinach again. Coconut shrimp: The first thing that I noticed about these shrimp was that they were GINORMOUS. They did not appear to have any coconut in the breading, but after taking a bite, I tasted the perfect balance between breading and coconut. The shrimp were butterflied open, so they were cooked more evenly than if they had not been. Very tasty. Pork short ribs and some other kind of meat: My friend ordered this. I tasted it because I love pork ribs. I was a bit underwhelmed. The meat was a bit tough and dry and not very flavorful. Cuban sandwich: I have never had one before, but my friend ordered it and said that I have to try it. I took a bite and thought that it was not much different than any other sandwich that I have had, other than that it was toasted. There appeared to be a few different types of meat on it and had some sort of sauce or mustard. I hate mustard, so that could have been the problem. My friend said that it was very good, however I still don't see what all they hype is about. Tres leches cake: FFFFAAAABBBUUULLLLOOOUUUSSSS!!! I was never a big fan of tres leches cake. I would never order it at a restaurant. My friend ordered it because he loves it. When it was brought out, it was in a little dish and looked like a small dish of pudding. My friend dug in first, as it was his. He could not stop ranting and raving and his eyes kinda closed and rolled into the back of his head, as they do when he tastes something too good for words to describe. So, I tasted it and could not have agreed more. The cake was not mushy. The flavor was fantastic. It tasted kind of caramel-ish and creamy, and had whipped cream on top. My words do not do it justice. I may have to go back just for the tres leches cake. Avocado salad: Good. What more can I say. Yeah, lots of food. The waitress kept telling us how much food we were ordering. Every time she walked by us, she laughed. She was right though. Half of the Cuban sandwich and the pork short ribs and other meat were brought home in a to go box. Good food, good service, GREAT tres leches cake.
Mixed reviews about this spot now that I was just there last week and the food was not like the other times that I have ate there at all ! But I do love this local spot , it's convent and cheap if u are I'm the Miami area u should try it !
2nd time at puerto sagua. Hubby in town for business. I get to choose where we eat lol. I love hearty foods... so cuban food fits the bill. First time I had oxtail with rice. Very delicious.  Hubby had tamale and beef pie. He is a light eater. 2nd time I had steak milanesa.  It was bleh.... . Hubby wanted avocado salad. But they did not have anymore avocado. So he had the same thing. Tamale and beef pie lol.   My advice is to stick to the items like oxtail stew, pernil, baked chicken, rice beans plaintains... etc etc.
Everything we had was gangster...going back for dinner
Oh ma gaaaa - yum yum yum. Off the beaten path in South Beach, no one is standing outside hounding you to come in. It's crowded, always. Even at off times. I don't think you could order anything bad at this place. The fish was out of this world. Amazing sauces and spices. Got rocked off their Sangria. Casual, outdated decor (is it even decor?) but who cares. YUMMMMMM. Yum.
From what I've gathered, it seems like no trip to South Beach is complete without a meal at Puerto Sagua (thanks Yelp!).  My brother-in-law also happened to be in Miami recently and specifically recommended Puerto Sagua's cuban and fried plantains. It's always a good sign when you walk into a restaurant and the place is packed!  You can tell right away that it's one of those family owned places.  We were seated pretty quickly and left to peruse the pretty extensive menu.  They have lunch specials, dinner offerings, and breakfast too!  The bf decided to have the cuban sandwich with fried plantains and a cup of fish soup.  I decided to go with the ropa vieja since it is one of the dishes that they are known for.  The cuban was really yummy, I loved the bread!  The bf didn't like these plantains as much as the ones we had at Padrino's in Fort Lauderdale, but I thought they were pretty tasty.  The ropa vieja came with rice and plantains - it was SO MUCH FOOD.  The actual meat was soo flavorful and fall apart tender - it was delicious with the rice. Prices are pretty decent for the portions. This place gets so busy that it might be hard to flag down a server... but you won't really need one until you're asking for the check.  You'll be too busy stuffing your face =P. Definately recommend if you're ever in Miami.
There are a lot of people waiting in the line. It's very lucky for us to have dinner within 5 minutes. The food is very special, but not very delicious. I recommend the breaded coconut shrimp for starter. The ox tail tastes like traditional Chinese food.
My BF recalled a great experience dining at Puerto Sagua one of the last times he came to South Beach so he brought us here to have breakfast. The decor is pretty blah. We did however get seated by a window so we got some people watching in. It's not Ocean Drive but it's still pretty interesting here! Our service was very slow. The waitress was nice but slow. I had a Medianoche and it was a bit tough to chew in some spots. It was tasty but not perfect and it did not compare with the Medianoche I tried at Versailes at all. I did however have a great cortadito here and a great guanabana juice as well. My BF was not satisfied with his breakfast this time around. I had a stomach problem this day so I had to use the bathroom and let me tell you it was dingy back there. It was warm (even though it was cool outside) and run down with graffiti on the mirrors. They had no toilet seat covers either (which seems to happen a lot in Florida). Parking is hell in South Beach if you want to get here by car. We came walking and the restaurant was pretty close to our hotel. If you are in South Beach and want some Cuban food this is the best option but it is not like eating in Little Havana.
This is the most authentic Cuban food restaurant in South Beach. It's not fancy, but it's child-friendly (my grandkids like it) and serves the real deal. It's also, in terms of South Beach, very inexpensive. If you like Cuban food, or just want to see what it's like, this is the place to try it.
I may receive some backlash on this review, but here goes.... This is yet another establishment that is highly Yelp rated, but the food failed to live up to the hype. I took the 35min drive for fresh, tasty, and authentic eats, instead I received stale, lackluster, Pollo Tropical-esque (yes, I know that's not an actual word) food.  Pollo would have actually been better...(gasp!) Call me a skeptic, but it's always off putting when my food arrives just moments after placing my order. Our server was helpful and attentive, which is always great when eating at predominantly Latin establishments. Not speaking the language often puts you at a disadvantage. So basically, the server was the highlight of my dining experience.
I have tried several Cuban places in Miami and am still trying to develop a love for Cuban food. We heard this was one of the better places to go so we decided to give it a shot. In summary it was better than the other Cuban joints we have hit but still did not amaze me. Tried the fried Yuca (really liked that) Cuban sandwich (OK) Ropa Vieja (pretty good) Maybe there is a reason you dont see Cuban food all over the country?
I'm impressed! ! We ordered the mariscada and the ropa vieja (shredded beef dish), and sangria. Simple, delicious home-cooked fare. Both urban spoon and yelp reviewers are right - this is a sweet little place on Collins that has great food, really homey  mom and pop style service and is very very reasonably priced.
I had a connector flight in Miami which didn't leave until the next day!  Decided to find a good Cuban restaurant and someone recommended Puerto Sagua.   This place was great!  Great prices, service and portions.  If you're in town for a day or more, I highly recommend stopping by for great food in a family atmosphere!
So this is wayyyy overdue but I must review this wondrous Cuban establishment that I cannot get out of my mind... Walked into this place with slight reluctance since it seemed worn down and diner-ish considering that it is in the midst of Miami. I sat down and quickly looked around to determine whether I should stay or leave..but as I looked around other tables with food on their tables..my hunger pang kicked in and I stayed.   I ordered the ox tail stew with rice, my significant other ordered the rotisserie chicken over rice and together we shared fried yuca.. to this day this is the meal we both agreed tops all others..keep in mind, we have had many top restaurant eatings under our tight belts. We would fly to Miami just for this meal all over again..in fact we made sure that there was enough layover time in Miami for our upcoming caribbean island trip to be able to revisit this Mecca again.
This place had some dang good Cuban comfort food. :) I went with 2 friends and we each got something completely different. One got beef stew, one got chicken liver, and I got the shredded beef. All three meals came with white rice and plantains (and one of the meals came with black beans, but we all ended up sharing those). All three of us enjoyed our meals, but I'll just speak about mine specifically. The rice was cooked really well (not too hard, not too soft), the black beans tasted so good mixed in with the rice and the beef (which was delicious)...and the plantains were heavenly. I loooove me some plantain, and these were excellent. AND...this place was not incredibly expensive. For 3 people, I think our bill was 35 bucks. Not bad. Not bad at all!
This was the first real authentic cuban restaurant I've ever been to and I have to say it was an amazing experience.  Everything we ordered including the rice and beans and fried yuca were so so good.  We also had their fish soup which was the best I've ever eaten.  I wish I would have discovered this place at the beginning of our trip.  I would have eaten there every day if that was the case. Very casual place to dine.  This was like a mom and pop shop.  Service was good at the bar area, better than seating.  Food comes out fast and piping hot.  They also had fresh squeezed orange juice.  This was a gem find.  I can't wait to go back there again.
Such a dive, but soo good. Their Cuban coffee is delicious. Go there if you want delicious, greasy, cheap, Cuban food.
Warm, friendly, bustling place where everyone is enthusiastically chowing down on frank, homey, tasty, Cuban food like your mother would make if she were Cuban.  Everything tastes like the real thing.  Wine for 4.50 a glass and everything else priced just right.  I'd come for three meals a day if my daughter didn't demur.
I liked the ambiance (like a busy diner). We were lucky to get a table right away. My Ropa Vieja was good, but not spectacular. I liked the green papaya appetizer, but it was heavier than my main course! My wife loved her Cuban Tamale, but hated the croquettes (couldn't eat them). Son had a lovely looking cheeseburger which he said was better than most. Price was reasonable for South Beach. Would go again, but not a place I would go out of my way for.
The best Cuban food I've ever had -- Some authentic ethnic restaurants in America are often just authentic for authentic sake.  They don't strive to be the best, or just aren't capable of it.  They're just happy to be what they are -- authentic.  Puerto Sagua is nothing like that.  Flavor and character jumps off each fork-load.  And I'm glad it does because whenever I'm on South Beach I make sure to stop in and have many fork-loads shoveled down my gringo gullet. _C$
If you're looking for the Miami of yesteryear, when it was only known as warehouse for retired New Yorkers, you will find it here.   Food has the sensibilities of workers needing calories to fuel them through a day of hard work and the fat to take the edge off an evening of drinking. Paella for example, is wet and saucy unlike modern paella.  You can see the difference in GinaC's picture.  At a table of paella fans it was praised but mildly received  That was the theme for the meal, nice but not wow. I would put this restaurant as a not to miss if you plan to spend time in Miami however, if you're on a short trip and want the Miami after the 'Vice' I would skip Puerto Sagua.   This could be a place to search out at 1:00 at night or 6:00 in the morning but for the evening meal I would say only go if you're there and don't know what to do next.     I can only rate my dinner and that would be 3 for competent and a wonderful history lesson. Mike
Best cuban food ever!  Yes best.  Quick tip before you go, if you want their paella, you must call before to order it.  They make it fresh and it takes about 1 hour.  I unfortunately didn't know this so I didn't get to try the paella, but everything I had here was simply amazing.  Our waitress knew exactly what she was talking about and I love her for the suggestions.  We had the pork chunks and seafood platter spanish style and omg it was in yummy food heaven.  To top off the best cuban food I've had, they have this ROCKIN tres leche cake but you know what they also have QUARTO leche... yes you heard me 4 milks!!! crazy huh?  This is the best cuban food spot and it has the best tres leches cake I've ever had!
My friends and I got take-out, so we could eat on the beach.   I ordered a Cuban sandwich.  It was big and decently priced.  I've had better, but considering its location, not a bad deal at all.
This isn't the most glamorous restaurant in Miami. However, I have always been treated kindly by the staff and the food is always tasty. The cafe con leche is second to none! The lovely counter lady is so pleasant and sweet it is difficult to walk away with anything other than feeling warm and fuzzy. The counter lady addressed me with Corazon, Mamita, Mami in all of our 2 minute conversation (which included me ordering my cafe and her quickly making it for me). The cafecito cost $1.80, I gave her a $5 bucks and told her to keep the change.
Best Cuban food I've ever had Great food Cheap Very busy, but there's a quick turnaround
Shredded beef, tilapia in garlic. It was all terrible. Way too oily. Maybe I was just ridiculously hung over, but still, I felt that food the next day, and it did not feel right. sidenote: I am an avid hot sauce and spice foodie
An authentic mom and pop Cuban restaurant.  The place gets crowded but luckily we didn't have to wait. Oxtail stew::  flavorful and tender, comes with rice and plaintains Ropa Vieja:: delicious and meaty, comes with rice and plaintains Cuatro leches:: wasn't a fan of the top caramel layer.  I'll stick to tres leches instead Cafe con leche::  very good, enough to keep me awake but not enough to make me feel jittery
I've never had cuban food, but this place was soooooo good.  The wait was ok, but the food was amazing.  My sister and I weren't even hungry! And yet, we sat down and had dinner.  We had the pulled beef (something like that) and I had the chicken.  I was so scared that the chicken would be dry, but oh mama, it was great! It comes with rice and beans and FRIED PLANTAINS! I would definitely recommend this place, the prices are good too! The restaurant is a bit small, but still seats a decent amount, looks like a diner on one side of the restaurant.  All the waitstaff was very nice and good with recommendations.  I would also recommend trying their specials...REALLY GOOD!
This was my introduction to "authentic" Cuban food and won't be my last. Dinner night #1: I ordered the rabo encendido (ox tail) stew. The dish is outstanding, a must order! The oxtail is cooked in an aromatic garlic and tomato broth. The meat falls right off the bone. The fried plantains awesome however, the rice could be streamed a bit more. Dinner night #2: This time I ordered the Ropa Vieja and while it was good, I kept thinking I should of ordered the Ox tail again. Summary: Good food, affordable w/ good service. You shouldn't be disappointed.
Went on Saturday night aound 7:30 pm. The line was incredibly long but luckily we got a table for two immediately. Very crowded, noisy and no music. Ordered breaded shrimp with coconut sauce, roasted chicken with plantain & yuca. My friend tried the steak. The service was fast and staff was nice. However they gave me beans instead of plantain and I had to ask two times to get it fixed. The food was great, from the appetizer to sides. Sweet plantain, super delicious rice and roasted chicken. Totally impressive.
I needed a taste of authentic Cuban food during my Miami trip, and this place fit the bill.  To be honest, I found it to be just average for Cuban food.  I know Miami is supposedly the mecca for Cuban, but imo Versailles in LA is just as good. I had the ropa vieja, oxtail stew, fried plantains, croquettes, and iced coffee.  Everything was pretty yummy (especially the ropa vieja)... but I was mildly disappointed.
Skip ur lame continental breakfast and come here for breakfast. This place is solid. Do it up with cuban toast, sweet plantains, cafe con leche and fried yuca. Let me emphasize the yuca. Fried in the shape of all things delicious - like little french toast sticks or baby mozzarella sticks - these yuca sticks are like whoa when squeezed with fresh lime juice and mojo sauce. Best 5 bucks spent this trip.
wow. awesome. ...that's it, that's all I'm saying.  You pretty much get the picture. OK, so I'll go on.  My friends and I decided we wanted some Cuban while we were in FL and ended up here.  The place is like a diner, 1950's-style bar and stools in the front, and then a back area with more tables.  VERY casual (some people were in swimsuits), and a bit loud, but good nonetheless. At the recommendation of our waiter, all 3 of us got the Ropa Vieja (cuban shredded beef), and it was an excellent decision.  IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU WANT, GET THIS THE ROPA VIEJA.  It was *delicious*.  Fantastic. Amazing. Best meal I've had in quite some time. The beef comes in a small metal bowl with a delicious sauce, and a plate with white rice and plantains. We also got a side of beans, which were also delicious.  I recommend mixing the beef/sauce with the rice and beans and eating it all together with a bit of plantain -- the sweetness of the plantain mixes nicely with the other flavors and completes the "bite" beautifully. I will *definitely* be coming back here next time I'm in town.
Paella and Cuban sandwiches. Bring your friends. That's all I can add to these stellar reviews. Rich's recommendation: paella and Cuban sandwiches. Bring your friends.
I love this place we have already eaten here 3 times and we have only been here for 4 days so far. My friend accepted a new job here in Miami so I decided to come along and help her you know find places to eat find places to drink etc...Anyway enough about my selflessness and back to the review. Damn I love the food here I had the Ropa Vieja- Omg it is so good here and the Cuban sandwhich and a shrimp cocktail(not that great) we split all of them.
Great for breakfast and lunch--prices are very good considering the area. Located about a block from the beach, we were able to call in our lunch order and pick up lunch while keeping our beach chairs/umbrella. Definitely try the grits with toast for breakfast and the cuban sandwich for lunch.
I came here with my friends for vacation. I had the chicken with plantains and rice, the dish was so good. The chicken fell off the phone and melted in your mouth.  If I vacation in Miami again, this is the first place I would go to eat. The restaurant is a bit disorganized.  My friends and I sat at the counter where you can get service right away.  After you receive your food it's hard to get the servers attention because they are busy doing other things.  If you want to sit at a table, you'll have to stand in a line and wait because this restaurant is packed.  That's how popular they are.
Good Cuban food, but horrific service. Like the worst service Ive ever had at a restaurant.. I asked for the check when we got dessert because everything else had taken so long (taking our order, asking if we needed anything, refilling water) and it literally took 25 more mins for it to come. I hate to complain, but it really was a little silly. Its definitely reasonable priced for south beach and the food was good, but dont go if you have somewhere to be anytime soon..
A fun place to eat! Delicious beans and rice and platanos. My friend pointed out the white rice costs about $3.50, though. Haha. But it tasted good enough to justify it.
Reasonably priced, delicious Cuban food!  The ropa vieja was amazing- very tender and flavorful.  It came with a side of rice and sweet plantains that put me in a food coma.  Cuban coffee rocks- strong as hell (also has a nice crema) and will keep you up all night!   Nice local spot, attentive and nice service, bathrooms aren't scary.
Good, but not great.   I'd say if you're a tourist, this is a good place to experience Cuban food on the beach. If you're a local, it's just ok, nothing bad, but nothing great either.  There are better options in town. The atmosphere is a time warp back a few decades, which makes it fun.  The service was good too; friendly and prompt.  Prices were a little on the steep side, granted you're in the heart of tourist dominated sobe, but their daily specials are a great deal. I'd recommend this place.
It surprises me that this is the only authentic Cuban restaurant on the beach.  Although Larios is tasty, it kinda sucks to pay $9 for un picadillo.  I use to go here a lot, back in the day but I went recently and it did not disappoint.  Still good.  The waitress was a trip, she brought the only white boy in our party some white toasted bread as a joke.  Haha.  I had the grilled snapper with tostones and a salad.  I got to taste everyones dish at our table, and all the food had sazon for days.
(i visited puerto sagua in March of 2008 during WMC) im from california, and we dont have many Cuban restaurants in the SF Bay Area.  So I had a standard of good cuban food, that i didnt know was going to be blown away. I dig the casual, homie, environment of this restaurant.  straight to the point, no reason to fluff up the furniture or interior because its the FOOD you are going to fall in love with. My friend and I ate here 3-4 times during a 7 day visit.  We had Ropa Vieja, Arroz con Pollo, Masitas, Chuletas, Media Noches, Platano, everything.  it was amazing.  I didnt have a dish that i didnt like, and that i didnt finish off - well once when i let my eyes do the ordering, rather than my stomach and over did it (doggie-bag!). If i had to pick a favorite dish, it would be Arroz con Pollo.  I'm a sucker for good rice, and the chicken was cooked perfectly.  the breast was not dry, but still juicy and very flavorful. heeeeelllllllllllll yes i would eat hear again.
Wow.... Sorry but this was a let-down! My bf has Cuban heritage on one side, so we've had our fair share of Cuban food but this was just ok... not the worst, but far from the best. We both wanted Ropa Vieja. I got mine as it comes, bf got his and a side of black beans. We both ate the first several bites without comment, which for him is not a good sign. Normally when he thinks things need more flavor, I usually think they're good... but this time even I agreed... The ropa was just plain... Barely any flavor, and the mound of plain white rice obviously didn't do anything for it. At first I kept thinking, "man at least he has black beans!" but he said they were kinda plain too... Not to mention the 3 one-bite pieces of plantain looking lonely on the plate. They were good but dang, can I have an adult-sized portion please? We were just underwhelmed. The guy next to us got a Cuban, and we both wished we'd gotten that instead.
Puerto Sagua is the reason why I am having Miami cuisine withdrawals at this moment. Their cafe con leche, fried pork chunks, yellow rice, black beans, and their plantains are soooo deliciously mouthwatering. Do yourself a favor a pay this place a visit. Authentic Cuban cuisine restaurant with a mom and pop type of atmosphere. How can you go wrong?
Amazing food with great and fast service!!!! Already are here twice since in south beach!!!
I'm not one to like Cuban food.  All of the Cuban places in Cali made my stomach ache after.  But this place was great.  We went twice while in Miami.  Great plantains.
Hey, just came to this place because 220 somethin people gave it a 4 out of 5 stars. The service was extremelyyyyy sIowww even though it wasnt that busy. I felt that the place was a little over priced for what they had. Their food was just OK.  Got the shredded beef. Meat was dry and my friend that got porkchops said theirs was too. I went to a Cuban place near litle havanna a few weeks ago an the place was amazing. I forget the name though *_* oh yeah, the bathrooms were dirty as hell too. I'm not from Miami so I don't really know what to expect. Peace!
I'm not sure what all the fuss is over this place.  Basic breakfast with specials including coffee eggs meat and bread for under $10 is a good start but I'd consider it no frills, which is actually a plus amongst south beach schtick but it's mom and pop appeal is about where it ends. Good value latin fare that doesn't seem that special.
I've only ever come here for empanadas while on the go - and those were just "okay". This was the first time that I came in to have a sit-down meal. I'm always skeptical about eating at small hole in the wall places because they are usually  hit-or-miss. Well, this one was a hit! I ordered Masitas de puerco as an appetizer, to die for! I wish I could eat these every day. Not too salty, perfectly fried.... oh I'm dreaming about them now and it's still breakfast time. My boyfriend's cousin ordered ropa vieja - I didn't try it but it looked delicious and she said it was so. The bf had a chicken dish (I think it was fajitas or something) and he cleaned his plate - his only complaint was that the steamed veggies he ordered were kind of cold and bland... obviously not their forte. My entree was the vaca frita... Oh. my. gosh. I couldn't finish it because I had already stuffed myself with masitas de puerco (ha) but I took it home and had it the next day on slider buns... wow. Seriously so good. The meat was so flavorful and just fell apart, melt in your mouth! My only complaint was that it was very warm inside. The place is tiny and wasn't overly packed so I'm not sure if they were having a/c problems that day or not. I realize it's summer in Miami and it's extra hot and humid but a fan would have helped a bit. I was hungry so I dealt with it!
Great authentic Cuban food, i'd give it 5 stars but had to 1 star for service. I'm in South Beach celebrating my boyfriends 30th birthday! We both really liked this spot because of the authentic Cuban food and the low key atmosphere. He had the Cuban sandwich and let me try a bite (or two). The bread was thin and perfectly toasted and just had an overall good taste. I had the black bean soup. It was simple but still in my top five soups I've ever tasted! I also had the shrimp cocktail - it was ok but I would recommend skipping it for something else on the menu. Our food came out quickly but then we didn't see our waitress until the check came and we had ask for a refill on our waters. I'd recommend sitting at the bar for better service.
Mucho Gusto! Some of the best Cuban food I've had in a long time. I had the shredded beef in a nice sauce with plantains and some rice. I think I'm going to go back for lunch tomorrow and have the roasted chicken. Stay tuned.
Hands down the best Cuban in South Beach. I've eaten Cuban all over this country and the one thing Puerto Sagua has (that many restaurants don't) is CONSISTENCY! The maduros are always amazing and the picadillo has that je ne sais quoi that neither I nor my (Cuban) boyfriend have been able to recreate. I normally wouldn't waste my time commenting on the service in any restaurant in South Beach but the servers here are great, especially given the relatively low cost of this place.
Love their food! They give big portions of everything, which is great! Reasonable prices. Must try! Perfect spot for Cuban food
Best place for Cuban food in South Beach!  Ate here twice during a five day trip to Miami. Staff made me feel like family compared to being hustled outside restaurants on Ocean Drive. Recommend the ROPA VIEJA (shredded beef with rice and plaintains) and OXTAIL STEW. The MILKSHAKES are good too: banana, mango and mamey (a fruit native to Latin America).
This place was kind of packed for good reason, the food is satisfying for your palate and wallet. Ambiance is no frills, the inside looks like some random cafe you would come across on a cross country road trip. This don't matter because the oxtail stew is fantastic, flavorful and with tender meat, but not so tender that it's mushy. The beefy texture is still present. I tried the cafe con leche con hielo which was refreshing. The tres leches cake left much to be desired. Stick to the savories.
Try the grilled fish stuffed with shrimp. It's fabulous.
If you happen to be in Miami, DEFINITELY try this place.   The #1: Ropa Vieja, for $10.95, is delicious.  The quality of the meat is not top notch, but this is more of a "hole-in-the-wall" place than a 5 star restaurant.   the Ground Beef Spanish Style, at $8.95, served its purpose, although I would say it's not extraordinarily tasty.   The shrimp in spanish sauce, for $18.00, was a failure.  The shrimp itself was okay, and the sauce was okay, but for $18.00, one would expect something "Special".  this dish was not special. The seafood Paella, although $24.00, is probably the best pick.  Share it with 1 other person and the cost is reduced to $12.00 per person.  It's on the salty side, so it's hard to eat alot of.  So, share it with a friend. The espresso, was naturally bitter, but had such a strong aroma.  If you like coffee(or think you like coffee), then try this.  it's only $1.15 per shot.  If you don't like this, you might be one of those who like cream/sugar rather than the coffee itself. Don't get the flan (they call it Caramel Custard).  It costs $4.25, and is mediocre at best.  Not rich in anything...flavor, texture.... Overall, 4 stars.  I reserve 5 stars for the absolute best of the best.  This was good, but not quite there yet.  However...it's still a definite must try.
Had a friend that lived in the area (he now lives in NYC) recommend this place, and thank goodness he did!  The food was amazing, prices cannot be beat and the atmosphere was clearly locals and friendly! Service was extremely quick and everything came out super hot.  Can't wait to go back to Puerto Sagua once back in South Beach!
While in Miami last week, we found some surprisingly good Cuban food in South Beach.  Keep in mind we only ordered the Garlic Fish, Ox Tail Soup, and the Tres Leches cake but all were delicious in their own way. The fish was soft and well flavored, the ox tail was fall off the bone tender and served in delicious sauce (soup), and the cake was moist and rich. Also, not sure what they put in their rice but it was pretty good.  Plantains were cooked perfectly and beans were good.   The place is kind of rundown though. Opens late which is a plus.
Yes this spot has been reviewed many times. Here are some of My Random thoughts:   -Good comfort food -Decent prices for the area -Annoying drunk beach people/club types hungover that don't know when to shut up while others are actually trying to eat/enjoy conversation -It makes me sad when there is only 1 pollo empinada left -They make perfect rice and beans -Across the street from Sephora(very handy)
Tried to go to Tap-Tap for lunch... but they are not open for lunch. A very kind woman there referred me to Puerto Sagua on the corner of Collins & 7th. While there, I met a handful of fabulous ladies and in the course of discussing our various meals, we shared a classic Cuban sandwich (fabulous), black beans and rice studded with pork. There was not enough pork and a tad dry - my bad that I didn't order them separately as I mis-understood the menu item. This was pre-mixed and a tad dry. We also shared a croquette which was light, crunchy, and very pork-tasting. Quite yummy. A fabulous Cafe con Leche and my dish came to just over $10.00 which was quite a bargain!
Excellent shredded Cuban beef, good plantain appetizers and side dishes. No frills setting and rushed but effective service. Tres Leches cake was not good. It was served, premade in a plastic parfait-type cup, and was sickly sweet. Disappointing end to the meal (go to Versailles for an excellent version of this). The chicken soup was the best I've had in a long time. Appetizer, sangria, beef with rice and plantains, and dessert came to $35 with tip.
Oh. My. God. We came here on 12/23 and 12/24/13 after a 7 day cruise, where we were nearly fed to death. But this was the best food we had on our entire honeymoon! My wife found this place by checking Yelp for Cuban restaurants in South Beach. It was so good, we went for dinner one night and breakfast the next morning before heading back to LAX. Looks like this place has been in business forever. It's definitely not fancy, which is fine by me. The tables are set up family style, so you will most likely be seated with people you don't know. Not to worry, you'll make friends quickly! For dinner we ordered the calamari, ground beef empanadas, the roasted pork shoulder and the ropa vieja (beef). EVERYTHING was served piping hot an delicious. We had several waiters delivering to us and each one was friendly and helpful (we had questions and they were happy to accommodate). The gentlemen seated at the other end of our table recommended we try the hot sauce that was on table called "Tabanero." DAAAAAMMMNNN that's good stuff! You'd think it's Tabasco with Habanero, but it's not. It's all natural, gluten-free, citrus, sweet and fiery. I am SO ordering that online right now 'cuz I've never seen it in L.A. The next morning we sat at the counter for breakfast. Definitely a locals b'fast hangout. The Cuban cafe con leche was smooth and tasty, not bitter at all. We had typical breakfast food, although they did have some Cuban dishes on the menu, too. I'm still regretting that I didn't get a flakey guava and cheese pastry to go. Contrary to Nathan M's review on 12/26, this restaurant is the ONLY place in South Beach that did NOT automatically add the 18% tip to the check. And they have a big red stamp on the check to let its patrons know this. Go there with an open mind and an empty stomach and you will not be disappointed!
I spent 4 days in Miami, and this restaurant was the only good part of my trip.  It's not flashy at all, and the prices are good.  The people with me were ready to order, but I asked the waiter for a recommendation.  Without hesitation, he said the seafood enchiladas were the best thing on the menu.  My friends asked for lobster enchiladas, and he said, "No, you should get the seafood enchiladas."  They thanked him for the suggestion but said they were going to stick with the lobster enchiladas.  He told them again that they really should get the seafood enchiladas, so they did, and we thought, "Dang, these better be awesome." They were.  The seafood enchiladas aren't what I was expecting at all.  It's very fresh seafood in a light, spicy, flavorful broth, not the regular tortilla-wrapped thing I'm used to.  The seafood was the freshest and most delicious I'd ever had in my life.  It was amazing.
I don't exactly think this is best Cuban food ever, and while the food was good, it doesn't live up to the hype IMO. They have so many customers and so quick a turnaround that you are treated more like a pig lined up at a trough than a customer, they only treat you nice if you speak Spanish, which i do, and makes the experience a lot better. And also I imagine that the service would be less of an issue if you were traveling with a huge group in tow. As for the food, it was good, maybe even delicious, especially the cuban sandwich, but for most of their platters, especially the seafood ones, they serve you a heaping plate of beans and rice to compensate for serving you less of the actual main course, which was disappointing.
I hit up Puerto Sagua every time I'm in Miami.  I've taken so many people here and every single one closes their eyes after taking the first bite, it's THAT good.  I've been in search of a restaurant like this in Chicago but no other place ever compares.  The chicken and rice special is my absolute favorite with the picadillo (ground beef) coming in at a close second.  Everything is so so so delicious!  The cafe con leche is an amazing way to end your meal.  I wish there was a location in Chicago!
Good Mom and Pop Cuban Food.  Very casual, dont be intimidated by the locals inside!
As an out-of-towner, I was excited to try a whole in the wall local gem. I ordered the special. 1/2 a chicken with rice and beans. It was ok. I would never crave it. It was pretty bland.  I'm not sure why this place has such rave reviews. It totally IS a whole in the wall. If the bathroom is any clue to their level of cleanliness, then watch out for e-coli! The whole experiences just felt and tasted like a wasted meal on my limited number of meals during my vacation to SOBE.
I was recommended PS as the place to go if in MB for cuban, but having eaten here, I wasn't that convinced. The food was good, but not "wow". It did not leave me needing to come back for more. Maybe the flavors are a bit muted, or the presentation is not great. but just compared to its cross-town nemesis, Versailles, (OR any of the Los Angeles Versailles) I'd say, pick up the fork and go there instead. I tried the seafood Paella. WARNING, it takes 45 min, so order a drink or bring a friend or risk sitting staring at the odd wood decor (felt like a big picnic area). Started with the fish soup. Nothing special, fishy, potatoey, tomato based soup. Then came the paella. This was obviously not meant for the feeding of one person! Two would be more like it. I was surprised by the wealth of seafood in this dish. Shrimp, scallop, fish, squid, mussel, clam, lobster, crab, and it's cuban, so throw some pork in there. I ate about half, saved the other half for the late night munchies. Met some other travelers while there too. It's something, and wasn't bad, but something I have to come back to. Miami Beach the closest we get to cuba aside from needing to building a basement raft out of a kiddie pool and sponge noodles. And for that, the cuban food should be amazing. Puerto Sagua was average at best.
Good food man... go here and eat their oxtail stew.  I know the stringed pork is a popular dish... but next to the oxtail with its softer tender meat and flavorful seasoning, it pales. Also their cafe con leche is realllly good... it has a different taste to it than just regular milky coffee.   Make sure you also get a side of black beans... I don't know why it doesn't come with it like at Versailles in LA, but it tastes really good-- and that's huge coming from someone who does not like beans AT ALL. Must come here if you are in South Beach.  I know I will the next time I come fly cross country out to FL.
Sooo very good. Place was packed so I knew we were in the right spot. Food came out quickly which i was surprised at, I enjoyed it very much!
Had pig's feet stew - my first time eating pig's feet.  It definitely lived up to my expectations.  Rich and smooth in that way that only the most gelatinous parts of an an animal can be, brought out by a super nice spicy/tart broth - wish I had access to this place on the regular, it's definitely something special.
Last night in south beach and we needed some real Cuban food. Went here based on yelp reviews and the fact that it was nearby. AMAZING food and even better service. The server we had was clearly passionate about his restaurant. The shredded Cuban beef, the mid night sandwich and the plantains (especially the plantains) were all to die for. Love the authentic flavor and great people! A must stop if you're bored of the normal ritzy feel of the more higher end establishments. Oh! And homemade sangria is where it's at.
My appreciation of all things Latin American doesn't just stop with the women. I love the food just as much as I love my momma's cooking. Oddly, for an Asian dude, the flavors and spices are conversely familiar and comforting. Puerto Sagua is now one of my fave restaurants - anywhere. I might not be the foremost expert in Cuban food (obviously lol), but I've had more than my fair share of Cuban coast to coast to know the difference between good and bad. Puerto Sagua definitely made it to the top. For it being right smack in the heart of SoBe, this place is a gem. Depending on the day, service was fairly friendly and attentive. Breakfast was okay, but the coffee here was my favorite of all the places I tried. Potato croquettes were simply divine and the oxtail stew was some of the best I've had. The fried grouper fillets were also excellent and I can't forget to give a shout out to the roasted chicken. Plantains though were a little too overcooked and mushy for me. Yea it probably isn't the best Cuban restaurant in sexy ass Miami, but to me it sure as hell ranks up there with the best of them. Nothing like starting off every day with a nice cafe con leche, and grubbin on some cheap, comforting eats.
Still not hating, but I have noticed that you gotta be patient with the staff sometimes.  Just saying.   Still get a pastelito and cafecito there, but I don't go if I'm in a hurry. Also update, I've never gone at night, so I can't speak as to that aspect of the place.
If you are in the Miami area, stop in Puerto Sagua! This is the real deal when it comes to Cuban food (one of my best friends who's Cuban and family is from South Beach took me here while we were visiting during spring break)- you cannot get more authentic than this. Puerto Sagua is on a corner, so the location is convenient in terms of hailing a cab and walking (South Beach is extremely walkable- we walked from where the Standard is located). Parking is limited to street parking, so it's necessary to parallel park, which is either tolerable or a nightmare for some. Puerto Sagua is a total hole in the wall and in a '60s time warp- I felt like I was about to be seated on my grandmother's couch covered in vinyl, next to her needlepoint pillows, crochet throw, and dolls. Not to mention, Buena Vista is on heavy rotation! I knew I was in for a treat. The seating area is always full so regardless there will be a wait- and the wait line is long, timing will not help you here. But if you're patient and in a group, the servers will do their best to give you your preferred seating (there are two options for seating- the floor seating with large size tables or the bar seating which is also fairly large as well. If you want to enjoy a cigarillo or drink with your meal, sit by the bar. The cigarillo selection is mostly Dominican and Spanish, but inexpensive. So all in all, not bad). I was in a group of 3 and we waited in line for around 10 minutes before we were seated at a table (and right by the kitchen too, so our food was always prompt). Our server took great care of us and since one of the other gals I was with speaks Spanish too, we got to put our skills to the test! We went with a traditional Cuban meal (aside from the vanilla and chocolate milkshakes, which were delish! Real vanilla bean and a hint of dulce de leche, so yummy)- fried yuca, sweet plantains and sour cream, ropa vieja, and a cuban press. For dessert, we did tres leches (I know, I know, it was a calorie-fest evening! No judgment peeps, we were going all out on a late night in Miami!). Every bite of that meal was heaven and we definitely took a good portion of it home since they give you generous servings. What's even better is that the whole meal was far under $100- and we ordered A LOT of food. Another great thing about Puerto Sagua is that even though it's always packed to the brim, the servers are in no rush to hand over the check and clear the table. They allow you to move at your own pace and enjoy the experience. Also, for such a hole in the wall type of restaurant, the bathroom was clean (I absolutely hate going to a bathroom, walking in, and all of a sudden have the urge to Purell my whole body just by looking at the state of it). Places like Puerto Sagua feel like home to me- it's loud, bustling, always ready to dole out the food and advice, and send me home overfed (the food baby forced me to walk home) and with a bag of left-overs.
Probably one of our favorite meals while in Miami and it was the first time I've ever ate Cuban food...it was definitely AMAZING!! It's very casual and super crowded which means one thing..it has to be good. I had the chicken with yellow rice. The chicken was fall of the bone juicy and the rice was so buttery that I prob could have just ate a whole big plate of that by itself. Everyone else's dishes were also really good and we finished almost everything. I will definitely recommend to anyone that is going to be in south beach...DELICIOUS'
Affordable and delicious
First of all, this place needs a little order, especially with a BETTER HOST. The host is an old guy who doesn't keep track of who came first or what not. He helps whoever he remembers, it's like he had dementia. Geez. We waited and he seated 2 parties before us, then we went to talk to him and he was like old and old and didn't remember shit. So he seated us. I don't know why they don't have a better YOUNG host who would remember or at least write what parties and call their names. Second, the food was good though. We got a pitcher of sangrias, which was really good, had real fruits in it (cost a bunch though $24) I got the pulled beef, it was delicious! The rice was a little buttery and the plantines were good. Great cuban place! they get to the point, always busy so be ready to order now.
This place seems like a tried and true staple of South Beach.  Our dining companions called it a "greasy spoon Cuban place."  It was packed on a Sunday night at 8 pm, filled with families, chowing down on anything from fish in green sauce, paella, or crisp beef.  One thing is immediately apparent, the portions are large, and though inexpensive, several entrees can be easily shared family style.   I started with a soup.  When I asked the waiter if the asparagus soup was cream based, I was impressed when he responded - it's from a can.  Instead, I ordered the fish soup.  Chunks of some white fish with potatoes, onions, carrots and green peppers made up the soup.  Tasty - but not memorable.  I liked my pepper steak better, black beans were hot and creamy like, and the best part of the whole thing was the plantains.  They were crisp and caramalized but not soggy or oversoft.   They also have their own concoction of a hot sauce that they bottle in old Heinz bottles.  It's neon yellow, and creamy - like a hot, vinegar sauce blended with Mayo??  Not sure about it, but it did complement the food.   It's easy to leave Puerto Sagua stuffed and satisfied.  I wish I wasn't on vacation because I would have taken the left overs home to have for breakfast!
Outstanding pork and yuca!  Very good Aguas de guanabana. Loved it
love this place...we stumbled upon this place the first night when we are in town, looks very local but crowded since it's a Saturday night, we decided to go in and glad we did! The ropa vieja (shredded beef cuban style) is amazing!! we also ordered the paella with chicken and seafood and the three milk cake for dessert! everything is amazingly tasty! it's so good that we went back there the night before we leave to have that beef again!! btw the fried potato balls are huge! one would be enough to be shared by 2 persons..we didn't know and ordered two..couldn't even finish it!
It was just okay. Nothing bad, but "authentic Cuban food" just doesn't do much to tickle the palate. Maybe it's because I'm from the Sonoran border of Mexico but it just seemed... rather plain. Ham and cheese with yellow mustard and pickles. Big whoop. It's better bread than your average deli sandwich, but nothing to write home about. My wife got some rice and shredded meat that was pretty good. Nothing great, but inoffensive. It was still worth it for the experience and just to see the culture in Miami, but I have no powerful need to return. My curiosity has been sated.
Nom Nom Nom..... There are not many 5 stars joints in my book but Puerto Sagua has been my family's go to spot in Miami for years. Where to start? I would say JUST GO.....but, if you want to know what's delicious on the menu then read on..... I highly recommend: Ropa Vieja-I think it's their staple dish and someone in my family always orders it. The beef is melt in your mouth tender and packed with flavor! It comes with a side of sweetened plaintains which are always a plus in my book. Beef Empanadas-Just the way mom makes them! Not completely jam packed with the fixins which is a perfect empanada to beef ratio. We snagged a few of these before we went off to the Bahamas-almost missing the ship--but, it was well worth it! Chicken Tamal-not too much masa, just the right amount of tasty, tender chicken and peas. Yum. Roast Pork with Moro rice-I am obsessed with this dish. I could eat it everyday all day. It's nuts. Just some of the dressing on the table with the roast pork and you will be in heaven! It gives it a nice salty vinegar-y kick that can't be matched. Pulled Pork sandwich-I heart pork...and the same pork from the pork roast ooozes deliciously through this sandwich. Sopa con pollo-best chicken soup besides mom's :) Top it all off with a tres leche cake and you will be in heaven. I like visiting Miami---but Puerto Sagua makes me fall in love with Miami with ever bite!
I can't say that I have ever had Cuban before so I cannot attest to authenticity.  I can, however, attest to how delicious the food was!   We came here for dinner on our second night in South Beach.  We wanted to try Cuban food while in Miami and yelp! directed us to the right spot.  It was completely swarmed when we got there before 6pm and we had to wait a little bit for a table, but we immediately knew we had made a good choice. I ordered the roasted chicken which came with black beans and the famous platanos...so delicious!  The chicken was great too, it was so tender it fell off the bone.  My boyf got the shredded beef which was great too...extremely flavorful.  It was a lot of food for cheap cheap cheap.  Four stars for food. Where Puerto Sagua lost a star was in the service.  I understand that they were very busy, but we had to wait FOREVER for our check and never got a water refill the whole time we were seated.  The food was so good that we still walked away happy (and stuffed).
I love the breakfast and lunch here! This has been my spot for Cuban sandwiches, croquettas, empanadas and batidos de mamey for years! Flawless.
Stopped in for a Cubano sandwich on my last few hours in Miami - it was just okay.  I was expecting better so needless to say, I was actually disappointed (womp womp).  I will have to drop in on another Miami visit for dinner because the actual entrees looked and smelled delicious.  The space is very cute - easy to find and very welcoming.
Located in plain sight this place can be overlooked by many. But all I can say is please don't just walk by this one. This place is filled with authentic Latin cuisine at at rock bottom prices.   Don't have enough time to stay and eat a full meal? Pop-in and grab a beef empanada for the road.   This place has probably been here forever and the decor shows it. There is ample seating in here and also some bar stools, even though they don't sell liquor, in case you are dining by yourself. I'm reminded of a being at a diner when eating here purely because of the vast array of options on the menu. Whatever you may be in the mood for they have it. My favorite dishes here is the ground beef coupled with white rice and black beans. There is so much happening on your plate and it's just filled with flavor and love. It's almost as if your mom is in the back preparing these dishes for you. Stop in already! Trust me you won't be disappointed and it's good to be in a restaurant where even the natives frequent.
I went here because of all the wonderful Yelp reviews I saw for it, and Yelp has done me right again. The food was absolutely excellent. Some of the best cuban food I've ever had. My husband and friends got Cuban sandwiches, and I got rice and black beans with roasted chicken, and plantains on the side. Loved it! I also got fried yuca as an appetizer cause I was intrigued, it was really good. Tastes kind of like potatoes, so not that different from french fries. I had a banana milkshake to drink. It tasted great, but it wasn't a thick style milkshake, more like flavored milk. I had a couple like that down in Miami, so maybe that's just a thing there? Ti's a small place where you seat yourself in the dining room, or sit around at a diner style bar. The service was a little slow, but friendly. The deliciousness more than made up for any shortcomings in the service. I would DEFINITELY go back there. Loved it!
Staying at the Angler's Boutique Resort off Washington and 7th, this restaurant was just down the street.  I had high hopes of the Cuban sandwich, and I was slightly disappointed.  The bread seemed to kill it for me.  It just seemed to stale and dry.  Maybe that's the way it's traditionally made, but I didn't like it.  It had a bit too much cheese also. The Ropa Vieja we ordered was very good though.  Served with rice, we finished the whole dish.  Cuban expresso was nice, good, and strong.  Gave me a nice kick to wake me up after our long flight into Miami. Overall it was decent and well priced compared to most other places in the area.
we yelped this place while visitng south beach. and it was such a find!  i have never seen so many women strutting in high heels and bikinis.  O_o anyways.. on a bastardly hot day.. we found such relief here.  it has the feeling of a mom and pop restaurant that has been around for ages. the lady recommend the ox tail dish and their beef dish.  everything.. was delicious!  i don't think i've ever had anything like it!  the plantains were cooked just right.  i really liked the oxtail.  it was cooked to fall off the bone. not sure what's in the rice but it was really tasty too! it's one of those local finds that you can't find anywhere else.  definitely a delicious treat and a good match with the el president beer.  loved the food and wish it were closer to me in southern california!
After reading all the good reviews, I'd decided to give it a go, because I do enjoy casual local dishes, BUT the food was not good at all, i was utterly disappointed considering it was my first meal after i landed in Miami :(
Was told by 2 local people to go here for Cuban food. Nothing fancy but friendly staff and big menu. We had croquettes and Cuban sandwiches. Both very good.
When I lived on the Beach for years, I kept hearing about this place.  (We don't need to discuss how long ago that was.  Long time.)  I finally tried it out of sheer convenience.  (We planned a late-night trip to Versailles, but were already on the Beach, and parked at 7th and Collins.)  So -  Buenos Noches, Puerto Sagua. Outside is plain, a corner restaurant with nothing spectacular.  Inside is... smallish.  We sat at the counter and were treated as Gringos in a Cuban Restaurant often are.  Okay, well... that's fine.  The menu is in English and Spanish, side by side.  I like that. We were just in for a late night snack, so we shared Black Beans Cuban Style and a side of White Rice (Both A La Carte) and a Medium (Regular) Cuban Sandwich.  Both were good.  The Cuban Bread was fresh and the porky goodness inside heated through, with the melty swiss cheese oozing properly. The Beans and Rice were prepared great, as they should be at a Cuban Restaurant.  I would go back, if I were in the area and short on time. Puerto Sagua, though, lacks any sort of personality or atmosphere.  No window with pastellitos and croquetas lined up in front of the old men sipping their cortaditos and gossiping.  No Newspaper clippings or photos on the walls documenting personal or professional moments.  Nada.   The crowd varied from locals out for a snack to South Beach Partiers wandering in to "Families" (A couple of women with young children and an infant in a carseat at the bar.)   So, while the food was definitely hot, good, and very convenient... I ended up wishing we had just made the trek across the Causeway to Versailles so I could have given my Newbie to Miami boyfriend a "Real" Miami-Cuban Cuisine Experience.
This is an authentic and reasonably priced cuban restaurant, worlds away from the over-priced, over-hyped places to eat in South Beach that cater to tourists. My hubby and I shared a few cuban dishes and they were pretty good. The service was quick and attentive, too. I guess the only downside is, as I'm learning: I don't really like cuban food. In my opinion, it's bland and tasteless. For example, my bistec sandwich was literally 2 pieces of baguette with a large slab of steak, with tomatoes, shredded lettuce, and mini-fries. The steak wasn't marinated at all, it tasted too much like "beef" (you know, that meaty taste), there were no dressings or sauces in the sandwich. I'm finding most cuban food is like this. My hubby ordered a barbeque chicken... we had to ask for more BBQ sauce on the side. The food literally tasted like nothing.  If it weren't for the ketcup and tobasco sauce on the table, I would have thought I was eating air. So I can't really fault Puerto Sagua. Their service was great, the food was well priced and they had decent portions... I guess I just don't have the taste for Cuban food. too bad, cuz I was really looking forward to getting more of it. :(
Ropa Vieja is indeed good. The tamale is yummy as well and loved the sangria. Cheap and tasty option for this part of Sobe.
Great Cuban sandwich for good price - especially for Sobe.
What a gem.  The food here was very good.  Diner atmosphere and cramped but I enjoyed it. we started off with a few empanadas and they were hot and flaky and delicious. I had the Pernil and it was amazing.  The pork was very tender and juicy.  I had never had it with onions before but it was a nice combo.   My friend had the cuban sandwich and said it was very good. Would definitely go back if in the area.
The moment I arrived at Miami I was in search of some awesome Cuban food. Like most of these South Beach joints, it was within reasonable walking distance. Puerto Sagua was right around the corner. I'm sure glad I turned that corner. Don't be turned away by its appearance. This place is seriously old school. It looks it went back in time compared with the rest of its surroundings. So I give it a try. I'm curious. I just went swimming and theres sand everywhere. It's such a nightmare. Pernil asado sounded great so I ordered it. The old school waitress made poked fun at me maybe because I look funny. It's all good though. Dude, the pork shoulder was a nice, tender chunky but-not-too-shredded. Miami transformed into flavor city right before my eyes. The muro rice (black beans cooked with rice) and yuca (citrusy potatoes) was so good that I wanted to get up and slap that waitress. Totally authentic and made me forget about the sandbox I called my lower half of my body. Service was fast and attentive. I think my water was refilled every time I took a sip. I'm also kidding about that waitress, she was fantastic.
I was surprised to find such a reasonably priced, well cooked meal in trendy South Beach.   7 of us had dinner there on a Thursday night.  We were seated right away and all left very full and satisfied. For apps, we got the beef, chicken, and spinach empanadas and the potato balls.  I was so excited for all of them, but they were sadly not that good.  The empanadas didn't have that much meat/spinach and the bread part could have been more fresh/crispy tasting.  The potato balls were also meh...I could have gone without trying those (which is a fairly strong statement for me since I love potatoes!) I tried the sangria...nothing to rave about. For entrees, we ordered double of a lot of things and ended up with the vaca frita, ropa vieja, piccadillo and roasted chicken.  Everything came with rice and beans.  Most of the dishes came with plantains. We didn't order the paella, which I wanted so badly!  My friends didn't want to wait the 45 minutes...sooo saddd... Okay, so back to the food we did order... The roasted chicken was a bit dry.  The piccadillo was pretty tasty.  Other people in my group liked i more than I did.  The ropa vieja was good...it was basically a shredded beef version of the piccadillo.  My fave was the vaca frita, which came with sauteed onions.  That beef was good...and like everything else, came in a huge portion.  HUGE.  It was something that could have turned out really dry and blank, but it perfectly seasoned and cooked.  I want some now! But for the star of my meal...THE PLANTAINS.  I could eat those things 24/7, they were so absolutely delicious!  Wayyy better than Versailles plantains.  My mouth waters every time I think of those yummy things. Bottomline: Puerto Sagua is a good choice for reasonably priced, but good tasting food and huge servings.  Eat the plantains, I tell you!!
After a friend raved about how good this place was, I wanted to try it. When I'm starving, almost everything tastes good. Even though we were starving after walking in the hot sun, this place DID disappoint. I had the roasted chicken with rice, black beans, and plantains. Chicken was too dry for my taste. The black beans and rice was pretty good but it wasn't as fantastic as I expected...it wasn't fantastic at all. Isn't Miami famous for their Cuban dishes? I love Cuban food, but I've had better in NYC, didn't need to travel to FL.
Food is amazing. I would definitely come back here again :)
We've been here everyday twice a day....for the past three days.   The food is phenomenal and service from Margy, Leticia, and Yasmina is phenomenal.  The masitas de puerco, pollo a la plancha, tostones, ect.are some of the few delish options.  Enjoy!  No need to go to lil' Havana.
We were looking for a good Cuban sandwich. This place was recommended by our hotel chef. The Cuban sandwich itself was pretty good, but everything else was simply OK. I ordered the black bean soup which was a cup of black beans - I could have poured from the can. No spices, no exceptional flavor - totally disappointing. The fries were OK. The seating is somewhat family style with way too  many people way too close too eh other. The tables are separate but so close they might as well be connected. Some people do not mind this. The service was fast and good. I certainly would not make a special trip to this place but for a good sandwich, sure, check it out.
I really wish I went to this place the first day of our Miami visit.  This place was really good, and their prices were reasonable.  We tried the oxtail stew.  It came with rice, plantains, and bread.  The whole thing was only $10 and came out in under 5 minutes.  The oxtail was delicious.  It was fall-off-the-bone-tender, and the stew was thick, like Vietnamese beef stew.  The flavor was off the hook too. The restaurant itself was old and dingy.  The bathroom was gross.  You had to hold your nose AND your mouth to use it, cuz you could taste the funk in your mouth if you breath with it.   Next time I'm in South Beach, this is probably the only spot I'd revisit.  I'd want to try everything on their menu.  YUMM!
OMG!!!   What a bargain for authentic great food!!!  We were in Miami 4 days and ate here each day whether for lunch or breakfast.  The meat patties are the bomb, especially the beef.  Get the grits and eggs...the best grits and eggs ever! Their orange juice is fresh squeezed.  I really enjoyed their food, serving sizes are large and the pricing is reasonable.  This will be my go to spot in south beach.
Horrible inattentive service. Overcharged and they argued about it (we ordered a breakfast that included a small orange juice and they brought us a large and charged us $4.50 for it despite never bringing the included one). I took it out of the tip. My omelet was fine and the Cuban food looked fine, but no excuses for the slow, crappy service.
I had the ropa vieja which was so good.  It makes me hungry just thinking about it.  I also tried their sangria which I was not a fan of.  We had the Cuban mariquitas as an appetizer, it was so good especially with that little sauce it comes with.  My husband had a marisco dish that he really liked, he is a big seafood dish guy.  Overall Yummy.
Just got here from California. Wanted to get something to eat and checked my yelp real quick to find something popular that was Cuban. This placed popped up, Didn't even look at the menu just read a few reviews and decided to come here. Walked in and the atmosphere was relaxing and traditional.  We were greeted by one of the owners and say right away.  We ordered a few beers and some appetizers. The potato balls with seasoned meat inside were perfectly fried, The fried hard plantains (tostones) were delicious all by themselves, but dipped in the lemon garlic juice just added more amazing flavor to it. For the main course we had; Ropa Vieja ( shredded beef Cuban style) with rice and black beans ( normally comes with rice and plantains), 1/2 Pollo Asado ( 1/2 roasted chicken, rice and beans), and Sandwich Cubano Large ( Cuban sandwich) offered in medium or Large. The Ropa Vieja was perfectly seasoned. Just amazing. Meat was juicy and tender. . The chicken was perfectly seasoned, moist and juicy on the inside and fell right off the Bone's and the skin had a nice char to it.  The rice and beans that came with these two meals were perfectly cooked and added to the quality of food served here. The Cuban sandwich was mouthwatering. The ham and pork slices inside were moist and seasoned well. The bread used for the sandwich was lightly toasted when the sandwich was pressed. It was perfect. I ordered the dessert based off of a few reviews. I have had Tres Leches many times before but the " Cuatro Leches" I had was hands down the best I have ever had. Cake was nice and firm and filled with the milks, and it was topped with a nice thick and rich layer of dark caramel.  Try it, you will want to take some home with you its that amazing! The prices here are right and the service is great. I recommend this place to anyone and its a must if you have the opportunity too.
I wanted an authentic Cuban meal and I'm pretty sure I got one, though I've never eaten anything other than a Cuban sammich before. The fried yucca appetizer was amazing, the large Cuban sandwich was indeed large, not to mention tasty, and the meat pies were ok - they had a weird flavor.
Went the other night was craving some good Cuban food. I got the arroz con pollo chicken breast,yellow rice, and plantains for $8.95. Lots of rice nice size portion the quality is average. Then again all Cuban food is made cheap so usually it is cheap quality unless you go to a nice Restaurant. The bread was squishy, they didn't not grill it on the press with butter how I usually like my bread. So I passed on the bread wasn't worth filling up on. Overall I would eat there again, I just am not running to go back.
Great chicken empanadas! I ordered the roasted chicken which was flavorful but a bit dry. Service was quick and waitress was very attentive. Wife ordered the pepper steak and loved it. Very flavorful! Was our best meal in Miami and it was our last night during our stay so I'm glad it was memorable. Will definitely recommend and try again.
First up - Parking in this neighborhood can be a pain. Instead of driving around in circles trying to find a parking spot close to the restaurant, I recommend driving just 3 blocks away, where you have a better chance of finding a parking space. Al though Yelp says that they don't take reservations, I did notice that a few tables were blocked for people with reservations. Within a few minutes of wait, we were seated and ordered the below: Tamale - Blah Ropa Vieja - Good Oxtail Stew - Very good Their portions are just right, not so large that you can afford to split with somebody, but not so small that you would be left with an empty or half-filled stomach. Although I wanted to try one of their desserts, I had no room in my stomach.
I ate here 3 times while in Miami beach last week and all three times were amazing. My favorite meals were the shredded steak and oxtail stew, which both come with rice and fried plantains. I also love the breaded coconut shrimp appetizer with the dip that it comes with (I think it was mango sauce).
I came here on a Thursday evening for dinner. This restaurant is owned and family-operated for three generations. Puerto Sagua is located on the heart of South Beach and known for it's seafood and hot paellas. Puerto Sagua is one of the last truly authentic Cuban restaurants left in South Beach. Yes, the restaurant is old and worn, but, that adds to the charm of the place. You feel as if you have stepped back in time. The service is prompt and courteous. I really can't say enough about the food. It is flavorful and served piping hot. I ate Oxtail and shredded Cuban beef. You'll be talking about this place for years to come!
if you're in miami, this it the place to get amazing and well priced cuban food! everything i had was delicious! it's authentic and very homey. i got the the shredded beef with onions along with rice and plantains on the side. everything was heaven to my mouth! hahaha. my gf got fish filet and chicken noodle soup and she loved it! omg but if you gotta use the restroom, just wait and go somewhere else. this place smells bad...
Simple, well-prepared Cuban food at very, very reasonable prices. We've eaten here more times than I can remember. I can't have enough of their black beans and rice. And don't forget to order their traditional cuban coffee.
Literally the best Cuban food ever a must when in sobe!!! Definitely get the breaded chicken
On my trip to South Beach I was lucky enough to discover this restaurant on my first night and we ended up going twice more before my trip was over. Great Cuban food at totally affordable/cheap prices. While the menu claims they are best at fish dishes, my favorite things there were the rice, black beans and plantanos. An entire meal could be had on their simple but delicious side-dishes. The service can be slow at times, even if you don't go at peak hours, but their warm bread and butter can definitely hold you over. Classic food helps you get real Miami flavor in the touristy South Beach area.
What a great find in the middle of South Beach. Spent a week in Miami and stopped by the place several times for coffee and Cuban cookies. Ate dinner here one night and had the waitress, who may have been the mom/owner, choose my meal....INCREDIBLE! I'm from Southern CA and we don't have Cuban food like this in California. I highly suggest...EVERYTHING in this place, sit at the counter and enjoy!
I was completely torn between the Oxtail Stew and the Ropa Vieja, but no one would split with me (sad face), and I chose the Ropa Vieja, which was good nonetheless, but I would have much rather had the Oxtail Stew :(
Came after the tremendous Yelp reviews. The oxtail was excellent, of course. Had the grouper for only $15. Grouper! No joke. Had the quatro leches, which basically is tres leches with some sort of caramel on top. It was good, not too sweet. Came back to have brunch, including the Cuban sandwich the following day. BEST CUBAN SANDWICH! Also, great coffee and friendly service! Wish they had a Cuban diner like this in NYC.
I have to say I must have ordered the wrong dish. I was not impressed, but I'm sure on the next trip I will be satisfied. I ordered the Arroz Con Pollo. Medium size dish of yellow rice with a few pieces of sweet plantains. Could have been a few more pieces. What really made me upset was the condition of the chicken. I've never had chicken that looked like it was boiled with a dish like this. I didn't finish and I normally clean my plate. My friends had the ox tail and the Cuban sandwiches. They left satisfied. I hope on the next trip, which will be soon, I have a better experience. I will update once I do.
3.5 stars is my final rating. Let's put this in perspective, it is a hole in the wall, family style, cuban restaurant. Don't expect something fancy, upscale or gastro. To me, this is what cuban food is about, simple and cheap while flavorful. I went there for a quick lunch with 2 friends and got seated promptly. We shared some croquetas, pretty good and then got ropa vieja and picadillo, my 2 fave cuban dishes. It was right on the spot. Although there are some tourists because they got great reviews, it is nice to have a family style and affordable cuban restaurant in south beach.
OH MY GOD! THANK you to whoever invented yelp, or else I would've never known about this place. Although the place looks a bit crummy on the outside, once you walk in you can tell right away that it is a very authentic local place for Cuban food. My party shared the ropa vieja (although it tasted more like pulled pork rather than pulled beef,) pork shoulder, oxtail stew, skirt steak, and fried steak. The favorites were definitely the ropa vieja, pork shoulder, and oxtail stew. The skirt steak was delicious but the portion was so small, it wasn't worth the price. The ropa vieja was sooo juicy that im salivating just from thinking about it.. Definitely order this as this is probably their most popular dish here.. their pork shoulders as well. Oh yeah, try their mamey fruit shake. I don't know what mamey is and was skeptical about ordering it.. but one thing is for sure - you wont be disappointed. If you are in the area, this local eatery is definitely a must. They're also open til 2 am everynight! YUM!
Shredded beef was good but the oxtail was THE BOMB
Came here at 11:00 pm on a sunday evening and the place wasn't packed yet the service was beyond spectacular.  The Cuban sucks, coconut shrimp wasn't anything to rant or rave about but the roja vieja (shredded beef) was definitely delicious and money. The tilapia fish special was fresh and good.  Empanadas were delicious as well though I would've liked more filling. Again Service here sucked which brings them down from a 3 to a 2.  Service is HUGE in my book.
Still love this place. The white bean soup is great. Full of meats.  Pork and sausage. I stick to the beef dishes. The sandwiches look good too.
This is another of my go-to places when I visit Miami Beach.  If I'm ever craving delicious Cuban food, Puerto Sagua is where I go.  I've been coming here since 1996 and it always satisfies.  It's good Cuban food at very reasonable prices that keeps you coming back for more! I start out my day with a Cafe Con Leche and an Empanada for breakfast and go about my business.  For dinner, l stop by for a Ropa Vieja with some black beans, rice (covered in hot sauce of course) and plantains!  This can only be washed down with some delicious Sangria.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it! There's street parking but it's always a b*tch to park on the beach.  I believe there's a large public parking structure a few blocks away on 5th and Washington if you can't find street parking (be careful, parking here can get expensive). All in all, the food is good and the prices are reasonable.   Go, eat and enjoy!
This place is super amazing! I had the chicken steak and my friends and I shared a side order of plantains. The chicken with onions was so good. It melted in my mouth. The line to the place was long, so we ended up sitting at the bar. Then, there was the white rice and the black beans that jumped up off the plate! They were really great too. :) They sell alfajores too. I say you try this place! Amazing!!
The ropa vieja was great!! Was busy but found a table quickly.  Beats walking down nagging ocean drive for a change. We'll definitely stop by again before we leave
Average ingredients, average food. Fairly priced
We didn't get a chance to eat here until our very last morning in South Beach. On our way to the shops before we had to fly out of Ft. Lauderdale, we decided to come inside and have some lunch. I can't believe we waited so long! If we had only known! I kind of chalked the huge groups of people to drunken munchies, but this place is good! The rope vieja was flavorful and tasted delicious. My friend had the picadillo. Each entree came with a healthy helping of rice and beans. It hit the spot before we had to take the long flight back to the West Coast. One thing though didn't meet my expectations. I'm not sure if it was because I was running on fumes at that point, but the cordadito was not as strong as I've had other times during this trip. One night, I had a cordadito with dinner (not very smart, but I was a newbie) and could not sleep until 5am, which is a good thing in South Beach. Here though, I still felt like I was running on "low batt" after my coffee. I wish it was stronger. Or maybe it was time for me to go home? Otherwise, I enjoyed my food and wish I had come here at least one more time during our trip to South Beach.
The Place- Diner style, not too fancy, clean enough and out of the way of tourists.  Plenty of dining and bar space. The Service-  Meh.  We sat for a while and had to wave down a waitress who was chatting away with a friend, but when she finally showed up she was pretty friendly. The Food- Sangria was spectacular!  Also loved the paella (takes 45 minutes though- just a heads up), fried yucca (like delicious steak fries with better flavor) and fried plantains.  Dining buddy enjoyed the Cuban sandwich- basically a fancy grilled cheese (steak and ham) but prettttty delish.
Not impressed...... I had heard good things about this place......did a late lunch with a group of six people and I honestly thought it was just okay. The menu is ginormous.....which is almost never a good sign.....and full of lots of un-Cuban things like cheeseburgers and BLTS.....again, no bueno. We ordered some tostones for the table.....which were good....but you really can't go wrong with fried. I got the tilapia special......basically it was grilled tilapia served with rice and beans.....nothing special about it or vaguely Cuban for that matter. Maybe I should have tried the Ropa Vieja or the Picadillo (which I did think about).....but if you are a Cuban restaurant and you only have like 2 Cuban dishes on your menu that are good.....why is your menu 5 pages long and why are you calling yourself a Cuban restaurant? It just doesn't make sense. Overall.....yeah it's cheap and probably has a few dishes that are good......but it's also loud and jam-packed, with zero ambiance and the food that I experienced was mediocre at best....so why all the hype? I just don't get it......there's got to be other Cuban restos in the area that are better and more authentic. Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
I wasn't terribly impressed with this place.  I've had similar food in Minneapolis that was just as good.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  We had the Ropa Vieja and a Cubano.  The cafe con leche was good but everything else was just ok.
Cafe con Leche was excellent, nice cuban food. great prices specially for South Beach it was right around the corner from my hotel and it was a terrific value.
The reviews don't lie. This place is fantastic. It's a little unassuming because it looks like a regular cafe but when the food comes out, you'd think you were dining at a place with table cloths. From the tender oxtail to the tres leches to the croquettes to everything. It even tasted not bad cold two days later. Another plus is this place isn't too hard on the wallet. If I'm ever back in Miami, I'm making a beeline right for this place.
I don't get it either. Like a lot of the reviewers, I found this place to be kinda gross and low quality. Place. It's basically a cheap diner with a Cuban sign out front. The place is rough looking, we almost didn't continue to our seats. Super loud and messy. If ketchup, mustard, standard hot sauce, plastic water glasses and shaky tables are Cuban... Well, that sucks for Cubans. Service. Not good. Crazy slow and kinda just drop off and run type style. We sat for 15 before we ordered. Had to track him down for everything. Waited for the bill of course. Food. Tilapia, grilled. Not bad. Salad was a diners salad with cheap lettuce and giant tomato wedges. Cuban sandwich. Not bad either. I coulda made it at home. Some ham on white hoagie bread. Ive been to better Cuban places than this in Minneapolis. Boom!
Yelpers give Puerto Sagua a lot of hype, but when it comes down to it, this place is just average Cuban food with hearty portions, wide selection, and reasonable prices. Its good for South Beach, but I really expected more punch from a locale with such strong Latin influence! None of the dishes were memorable, except perhaps the Tres Leches Flan. The Cuban sandwich was decent, yuca quite good, and similar reaction to the pork and beef dishes. But nothing stood out, nothing to RAVE about, really. Recommended only when you're craving Cuban in between beach tanning sessions.
This place was recommended as some of the best Cuban Food we could find in the area so we had to try it. It was very busy for lunch when we walked in (usually a good sign) but to our delight we were seated promptly. We ordered some croquetas to share as well as a Tamal. I shared a Cuban sandwich and my brother's wife got the Ropa Vieja. the Cuban sandwich was alright, actually not as good as the best I've had (in Boston lol) but it was tasty. the ropa vieja however was really good. It was juicy, flavorful, and went perfect atop some plain white rice. The tamal was fine but i don't think it compares to it's Mexican cousin. The croquetas were delicious esp with  dash of the hot sauce they have on all the tables. On the table next to us the oxtail stew looked delicious, though we didn't order it for fear it may be too hearty for lunch. Puerto Sagua is good, inexpensive (for a change) and filling. I would come back here on a mission for some good Cuban food.
Not the best Cuban food, but pretty good. If you've been away from Miami for too long they have the beans and rice and cafe con leche to satisfy your growing need for Cuban food.
Oh yes, this is as good as it gets my friends. Cuban food is my favorite cuisine and this restaurant takes the cake for the best Cuban I've ever had. Authentic, great service, and a very popular spot in South Beach. I went on a Saturday night and it was packed with a line waiting - yes, it's that good. We decided to eat on the bar side since seats were available and got served pretty quickly. To start, we munched on a plate of Mariquitas (plantain chips) to share as an appetizer and I ordered the roasted chicken, one of my favorite dishes. No disappointment whatsoever - the plantain chips, chicken, rice, beans, and plantains were full of flavor and incredibly delicious. For dessert, we ordered a Tres Leches cake and...OMG...probably the best piece of dessert I've had anywhere. Highly recommend checking this place out and at the very least treating yourself to their desserts! Five stars!
The worst part about this place was the HANGOVER walk here for lunch. The walk back after stuffing my stomach beyond belief, definitely worth it. I'd recommend getting everything to eat family style. Portions aren't THAT big but very much sharable. FOOD: - Ropa Vieja: This probably made my eyes roll back a few times. Super juicy and tender. Mix it with their sweet white rice and you're in for a total treat. - Seafood Salad: Probably the most disappointing dish. Really lacked flavor. Add hot sauce, salt and pepper to give it more of a kick. - Oxtail Stew: Geeezus christ! YUM! - Roasted Chicken: Tender meat. Delicious skin. Make sure you dip the meat in the sauce. - Sangria: One of the best. Not too strong and not too sweet. Loved it. Service is on point. The restaurant can get a little loud but who cares. That's the beauty of it. Wait for lunch was around 30 minutes.
Our entire trip to South Beach we really wanted some local Cuban flavor!!!  Unsuccessfully we spent way too much time on Ocean Dr (which we knew we wouldn't find anything that wasn't a tourist target). Finally, on yelp we found this place.  Totally a hole in the wall, family run, home-made Cuban food.  Family style dinner, decent prices. Line for the wait was outside the door.  Funny thing is we had just come from the beach, so some of us were in swimwear- "Shirt and Shoes Required", my friend had to go buy a shirt at a store across the street while we waited in line! LOL
BEST CUBAN FOOD EVER!!!  We came here after some recommendations from our friends! Thank goodness that we did!  I enjoyed my meal very much!  We started off with the fried yucca. I ordered the Palomilla steak.  It was good, but I like the rice and beans more than the steak.  My friends ordered the fried fish sandwich and the Cuban sandwich.  Both were delicious.  Def huge portions and great prices!
Small authentic cuban  place we went back twice because it was so good...Ox Tail Stew , cuban sandwhich  rice and black beans Absolutley amazing finish off with the tres leches desert . 5 STAR
Listen - this place has a lot of reviews. So I'll keep mine simple. It was nice to be away from Ocean ave for a little bit. Non pretentious presentation. Felt like you were in a real Cuban diner - if there is such a thing. Great food.
Experience overall was good. Adequate option and food, but overall wasn't impressed with the food. I had a chicken dish which was subpar.. However the oxtail stew was a definite winner and probably one of the only few things worth getting.
My friend recommended this place so I had to try it out. I had their oxtail stew with yellow rice and sweet plantains. My food was good, but not great. The sangria was delicious though. Service was quick which was good since the place was crowded. Major plus is the garage I parked in was right across the street. I would return here to try another meal. The price is definitely right here.
what can i say.. cuban, yummy, diner.. yes the countertops are worn out we had the grilled chicken (w/ onions), black beans and rice in a few words.. yummy yummy yummy
This is one of the best Miami vices...delicious food, unpretentious...it is good, honest diner meets guayabera grindz.  For lunch, I loved the bistec...it didn't look like anything special in its little stainless steel dish, but they didn't need to wash anything after I was done.  Slrrrp!  We also had breakfast here the day before, and where else can you get a egg-plus- protein breakfast with freshly squeezed OJ, toasted buttered bread, and cafe con leche made with espresso for under $10?
I do not know what all the hype is about at this place. I went in looking to find some authentic Cuban empanadas and left a bit unhappy.  The empanadas were mushy and the filling had me questioning what type of meat I was eating. I tried but could not force myself to eat the whoe thing.   Aside from the flavor the restaurant is very dirty. I know it is not a high end restaurant but please make it clean! The orange juice machine was covered in flies and very dirty. I feel like it would not pass an inspection.
Puerto Sagua is a staple on Miami Beach because the food is consistently good, home-cooked food at a reasonable price that is no stranger to the antics of beach goers. The wait staff is like the place: seasoned.. i won't say "old", because In Miami beach that never sounds good.. but let's just say.. it brings me back to a time when people respected their elders.. and that, i feel makes it comforting to go to.. I feel like i should say "yes, sir".. and "no, ma'am", "Please and Thank You". The decor is riddled with lattice work and faux flowers, reminding you of a vintage (really vintage) hair salon. I think the portions are a decent size. And they have a pretty large menu, although i stick with the usual roasted chicken, rice, beans, and plantains. I enjoy eating there and not feeling too heavy.. but not feeling cheated at the same time... it's not a place for scenesters, but you can see every type inside, and it seems popular with large groups of people whether they be friends or family finishing a day at the beach.. It can get cramped, but again.. i can't remember a time where I wasn't happy to be crowded around a kitchen table with some home-cooked food with all my cousins or homies. Anyone who DOESN'T like this place is looking for something other than food. Puerto Sagua just isn't the type of place you go looking for anything other than a hearty meal and a little bit of Miami Beach nostalgia.
We've frequented Puerta Sagua in almost every trip back to Miami.  It's on the main strip but isn't cheesy and has a great local diner feel to it.  Prices are way reasonable too. We just finished eating and stopped by the cafe for some coffee.   I had the cafe con leche and my husband got the cortadito (Cuban espresso).  If we were hungry we'd probably get the plantains, cubano sandwich, and roast chicken but another time Miami!
There are almost too many places in South Beach to go to if you want to "turn it up" with the flashy Diddy-set.  So it is comforting that this place is still cranking out the down home Cuban delights in a totally disarming way.  I cannot set foot on Collins Avenue without going in for a medianoche.  It is a huge hunk of cuban bread with pulled pork, ham, pickles and gobs of cheese.  And a side of platanos. Sure, the place is ropey but the food is wonderful and completely unpretentous.  This is my favorite late night destination.
Cubano. on the commercial/tourist end even if on Collins, not Ocean drive.  Decent prices considering its south beach. Foods hot and good.
Besides the combination of nice weather and scantily clad women, the second reason I came to Miami was to find a great Cuban spot. Mission accomplished. Best. Cuban. Food. EVER! This is the non pretentious part of Miami. Diner atmosphere, authentic food. This dinner was great. We had the Ropa Vieja, the pork, the oxtail, the beef, yuccas, and even black beans...they all pack flavor! I would suggest not missing out on this place if you are looking for some good authentic food! Don't get discouraged if the place looks packed because there is a lot of seating.
Loved this place when I visited South Beach during the Winter Music Conference in Miami.   I've always been fan of Latino / Cuban food.   I must say that the roasted chicken here was delicious!  Also loved the black beans and the plantains.  Both times I came here, the server / bartender looked like she was having a bad day.   However, this isn't one of those places where everything on the menu is good.   There are a handful of dishes of the menu that they execute perfectly.   So, ask your server for recommendations or better yet just get what the local are getting.
I've never had Cuban food - - but after a friend recommended this place, it's definitely a must-go destination if I'm in or near Miami. I'm not much of a pork person - and wanted to opt for something else besides chicken. That's when I landed on the fish (grouper) sandwich which was out of this world!! It's a huge sandwich, so that means leftovers for tomorrow. And I order mine with a side of sweet plantains - - WOW!! When a place is crowded every time you walk by, you know it's good! Quick service and an understated eatery just off South Beach is the perfect stop for lunch or dinner! I'll defintely be back!!!
Terrible service, but excellent black bean soup.
Wasn't as good as the reviews~ a little disappointed. Service were good but food is about average even couldn't compare w/ IHOP nor Dannys. Good for after party or late stay people.
Everything I tried when I was here was delicious.  If my memory serves me right, we had bistec palomilla with white rice, black beans and Shrimp in garlic sauce.  We also tried several different appetizers. The service was excellent and we practically had to unbutton our pants when we left. I highly recommend coming here over any other Cuban restaurant (that I know of)  in Miami
The place is pretty big and can accommodate big parties, but has a hole in the wall feel. Don't let that deter you though because the food is fantastic! It's been months since I've visited Puerto Sagua but I still remember that yummy oxtail stew - must try!!! It was our favorite dish from the assortment we ordered. The other dishes included some plantains and a soup. All had vibrant flavors, but the oxtail stew is what stands out. Service works hard here to keep the food coming at a good pace and water glasses filled.
WOW! Best Cuban food I have ever had. Ropa vieja was delicious, cooked so perfectly. The Cuban sandwich was phenomenal, I ordered a large and it was a great size to split (or eat yourself!). Plantains were extra delicious. The only thing that I've had better somewhere else was the potato ball, but I can overlook that. Service was attentive. I was very impressed. Bienvenidos a Miami!
I'll be frank.  The food was good and as authentic as can be... Food - good, service & everything else- negative.. We had a party of 15 girls *bachelorette in Miami* & they were very accommodating and split us up into 3 tables.  After that is where everything went downhill.  My table of 6 girls were ignored by our server and we ended up 30-45 mins longer than the other two table of girls.  At the end, we couldn't even get our bill in a timely fashion.  Our waitress purposely ignored us and took her sweet ass time.  The icky icing on the cake, I left my cellphone there and realized less than half an hour later and called my phone *shut off & called the restaurant & they said they didn't have it.. Beside the family sitting behind us, I'm pretty sure they cleared the table & kept the phone.. Overall, bleh.. Not worth losing my iPhone.
I've always wanted to try Cuban food so I found this place on yelp. The place seems to always be super busy, which is a good sign. I got the pulled beef, which was AMAZING! My boyfriend got a steak, which was ok, but we've had better. The server was really friendly but service was slow; though it was understandable seeing how busy it was.
Delicious cheap and fast food. The restaurant itself was a simple place, nothing fancy. It looked like a place where all the locals go. Between the two of us, we had 2 empanadas, pollo asado, shredded beef, quatro leches cake, mango juice, cafe con leche, and it was only ~$40. We were so hungry and the food came so fast. Generous portions since both entrees came with rice and beans, and we ate everything. Simple, cheap, delicious... can't go wrong with this place!
So this place is like old school. I love the chicken and black beans. I also like the sangria. I like that it's not a fancy place. You get exactly what you pay for. When I'm in town I have to have a Presidente with my food. Yum. I go into food coma when I leave. Love it !
In my first visit to Miami Beach, I was really pumped to experience all the culinary pleasures I imagined would be in a seaside, world-renowned  vacation spot.  Unfortunately, the area not offer much in terms of variety in ethnic foods and the only cultural food that was prevalent was Cuban.  Even then, most of the Cuban food around town was not spectacular by any means.  Out of my whole trip, I have to say that Puerto Sagua was the diamond in the rough in that it really stood out above and beyond all the other places I ate on South Beach.   First of all, be prepared to wait if you plan on dining here because there was and probably is a line there every night.  The line is also chaotic but the elder gentleman in the front who I assume is the owner is very good in remembering faces and seats guests in order.  Given all the sexy people in the area, standing in line is not always a bad thing as in this case.  I was here twice and both nights I chatted up some groups of pretty ladies but I digress .. On to the food.  The menu is extensive.  Its friggin' huge.  Despite that, since I was with my family and we were here twice, I got to try quite a few of their dishes.  Out of everything the 1/2 roasted chicken is my favorite.  I ordered it with rice, beans, and plaintains and the portions were plentiful and delicious.  The steak dishes were a bit overdone but well flavored.  My mom is an extremely picky eater but even she liked both of her dishes, one was a pan seared tilapia and the other is shrimp in their green chilli sauce.   The decor is really comforting but the dim lighting and wooden wall panels give this place a very rustic and outdated feel.  This place is an oldie but goodie.  I will definitely come back to Puerto Sagua the next time I'm in the area.
um i don't think i've ever eaten my food this fast before, but it was so damn delicious. hands down my favorite place to eat in miami. not to mention you have to try the batida de guanabana, don't worry it's refreshing! also, i have never seen tostones that big before.
Really good authentic spot! We chose to eat here upon searching Yelp for surrounding restaurants that scored high by fellow reviewers. That being said, over 800 reviews says a lot about a spot.  Great selection of wine, beer, and dining room seating in a rustic room that feels like something authentic.  Cerveza in hand, we started out with standard empanadas.  I ordered a fish dish that was excellent, served up with a side of white rice and my favorite, plantains. My buddy enjoyed his pork dish served up with rice and beans and onions that shouted "eat me."  Our plates were cleared, and the place got busier as 6pm turned to 7pm.  We wanted dessert, however, our waitress didn't return.  We waited and waited, and tried to get her attention to no avail. My friend walked over to the counter to request the check, and we departed sans something sweet but having enjoyed a really good dinner.  If you're reading this wondering whether you should go, I would say yes, amigo!
I visited this Cuban restaurant with a group of four other people. While their many was a bit overwhelming, it definitely contained some seriously delicious options. I got kingfish with rice, beans, and fried yuca. I was seriously satisfied with this very Cuban cuisine. But the best thing I ordered was the guanabana juice. In English, the fruit guanabana is called sour sop. While being an unattractive name for a fruit, I consider it one of the most delicious. My first experience with the sour sop was on my stay in Puerto Rico, where my friend with whom we were staying pointed a tree out to me in his yard. Since I've eaten the actual fruit in all its glory, I could so appreciate the juice they sold at Puerto Sagua.
I want to apologize to the sweet man taking orders on the phone. Sorry for hanging up on you. All week I've been dreaming about the arroz con pollo. The chicken... so moist, so succulent.  And not to mention the flavorful rice that soaked up all the juicy goodness from the chicken. After you said it was not on the menu for the day, disappointment, anger, and confusion just washed over me. Hope you understand.
wow yelpers, you let me down! I went to this place looking for an authentic cuban sandwich.. something id really been craving. along the way I even dragged three of my friends, and assured them they'd really like this place, based on the recommendations i found here. unfortunately, it was a total disaster. though we got a table quickly.. the silverware was all crusty dirty, but i could deal with that, after all I was getting a sandwich. my friends ordered fruit smoothies which tasted horrible! not fruit at all. besides the smoothies and cuban sandwich we ordered some empanadas(horrible and artificial tasting), steak filet(looked more like hamburger meat), and another steak dish that was really bland. and my dsandwich tasted worse than subway. I was really dissapointed. it was one of those rare meals where NONE of the meals were worth even tasting off each others plate. would never recommend this place, even for a free meal.
OK--I looooooooooooooooove black beans and wonder at times whether I need to eat other foods. If you're looking for Cuban black bean soup, look no further. I also ordered pan con lechon and was not disappointed! I saved half to eat the next day--therefore justifying the $14 bill. Yes, there are cheaper places around, but this one is straight up delish. Holler, asere!
The best fish soup and Cuban sandwich!!!! We were here 7 years ago back then didn't have any yelp...so proud that they have 4 star off clover 1000 reviews currently! Thanks to the owner to keep the place the same as always for us to recognize the building and bring our memories back.mmmmmm so great!
I was just in Miami for four days and ate here every single day. I had all the stews -- beef, lamb, chicken, and oxtail, all delicious with the chicken being the best. Each and every time the food came out in less than 7 minutes with it being a packed house one of those days. Prices are great and portions are more than enough.
As a newbie to Cuban food, I was down to check out Puerto Sagua after having dinner at Lario's a couple nights ago. I ordered the roast chicken, which came with rice, plantains and black beans. The chicken was so juicy and flavorful that I ate every morsel of meat off the bone. I'm not quite sure how the rice was prepared but it had a certain sweetness to it which I liked. The plantains and black beans were great as well. I ended my meal with a Cuban espresso and it was pretty sweet but it kept me up the entire night. Oh if only they had this in the Pacific NW... A big plus for me was that it was cheaper to eat here than Lario's and the service was better.
This place was soOOoo good, I came back to this place on my last day as my last meal in Miami. LOL I had the Pollo Asado both times I came here and the chicken just melted in my mouth.  I would have ate more, but I had to look cute in my bikini, you know. :) The rice was also good too. I don't know what they put in this meal, but it tasted magical.  I swear, the next day after I had it the first time, I kept thinking about it. AND then, I wanted to pack some to take home with me back to California. Yes folks, it was that good. I've never really tasted chicken that good. Man, I was so missing out.   Other than the chicken, the waitress was really great and our food came out FAST. We didn't have to wait either time and sat right away. AND the first time we came here they were really busy, and just got lucky to find an empty table, because after we sat, there was a long line at the front for tables or open seats at the bar area. I wonder if I can find chicken like that here in California. *drool*
I love love love Puerto Sagua, its my favorite Cuban restaurant in South Beach...I lived there for 14yrs and i have to go there especially every time I go back. I start with the Croquetas, then Masitas de puerco (Fried Pork Chunks) with rice and beans and sweet plantains, a side of tostones (Green Plantains) and avocado salad if in season....also a small fish soup. If I get the awesome chance to go more than once, I order the Chicken Steak (it comes with the most delicious sauteed onions on top!) or the fried snapper and always the rice and beans and a side of yuca wich comes with the best onion mojo sauce (Cassava With Garlic Sauce) and make it a perfect eating experience with a colada (cuban expresso). If I'm on the go I stop in and grab a cafe con leche and 1 papa rellena (Stuffed Potato Ball) & 1croqueta and life is good. I have probably eaten everything on the menu over the years and I have never been disappointed, the reason why I have to get my Puerto Sagua fix is because it always tastes the same and it never disappoints!! What more can I say, I just love the authentic Latin vibe, the whole place screams Miami!!
Great flavor! Croquettes are small, like a mozzarella stick but packed full of flavor, yumalish. Chicken and meat empanadas are also yumalish. Both came out super fast. The potato ball was just ok. Nothing compared to Portos in LA. White bean soup was crazy yummy, sausage, potatoes, beans, chicken. Passed on the Cuban bread, not warm, no butter and a little hard both inside and out. Oxtails sauce was typical Caribbean in a good way. Not a big fan of retail meat due to the fat. Next time I'd ask them to use fish or chicken. Seafood and Chicken Paella had mussels, clams, baby scallops, fish,calamari, shrimp and chicken breasts, rice, peas, onions, and red pepper in a saffron based creamy sticky rice sauce served in an old school pot that your grandma used to cook in to seal the flavor.  Really good but depends on your preference for the sauce, I'm more of a red garlic based sauce type, but I'd definitely get this again. Parking is tough, meters mostly. Open until 2am! Very casual. Good service.not too loud but packed!
I tried the oxtail stew with beans and rice and flan de coco. The portion is certainly big for the price charged. We had to sit ourselves right after we entered the restaurant. But as an overall, the service is decent. It is def a good place to immerse yourself in the local culture/cuisine besides visiting the fancy expensive restaurants by SoBe. :)
We wanted to order the paella but it takes 45 minute to prepare. So instead, we tried: Shrimp enchilado (not misspelled). Shrimp in spicy tomato sauce. SO GOOD, but expensive. $17.95 for about 6 pieces of perfectly cooked shrimp, rice, and side salad. Roast chicken is much cheaper at $8.95 but is nothing spectacular. It was dry. I could make better roast chicken at home, but it comes with the most delicious side of black beans I've had. Portions are on the smaller side. Someone in our group actually did order the chicken paella and it was damn good. The rice is a bit wetter than i expected it to be, but the chicken was oh so juicy and full of flavor. Definitely share the dish with someone or a few other people because it's big! If you've got the time, i would recommend giving the paella a try!  Or any of the seafood dishes. Like the menu says, they're "famous for seafood!" This place gets busy during weekend dinner time, so if you have a big group, be sure to call ahead for a reservation.
Just like home cooked food by mami. Delicioso.  I come here whenever I am in town. This is a casual, cuban diner experience which is totally comforting and familiar.  There is nothing chi-chi about it.  So don't get this twisted.   This is big portion, totally unhealthy but amazingly hearty delicious food that is both inexpensive and just damn good.  It is an absolute must. But wear something loose. Your belly will leave here stuffed.   I recommend the Yuca Frita, Churrasco, Empanadas, Pernil, Moro Rice, and of course Platanos.  For the gringos, the mashed potatoes ain't too shabby. It is also cheap. So what's not to love.   Cons: Bathroom.
GREAT food!  Somewhat small restaurant but it really gives off that home-cooked meal vibe. I swear the waiter came back with our food w/in one minute of us ordering!  I ordered the roasted chicken (white meat) and it came with plantains and black beans and rice and plantains.  Although I ordered white meat, it wasn't dry at all.  The black beans and rice were extremely yummy and the plantains were nice and sweet.  My friend ordered the ground beef and although it looked somewhat soupy, it tasted just as great as the chicken.  The sangria was great as well.  I left stuffed and with a $15 bill.  Not bad at all.  Felt so great to eat authentic Cuban food!!
Yikes unbelievable, cubed pork needs to be made illegal
It's pretty average but the prices match the quality. It's the closest thing to a neighborhood diner as I have ever seen on South Beach. The thing is this place looks like the 70s threw up in there and it is dingy as hell! The place looks dirty and it does keep me away. Ugh ugh ugh! Puerto Sagua! Get yourselves a renovation!
The place to go for Cuban food in South Beach! This was one of our first stops while we waited to check in to our hotel. Generous portions of the most rico Cuban delights. From a traditional Cubano sandwich filled with ham, cheese, roast pork, pickles and mustard to fried yucca, croquettas, empanadas or Ropa vieja, you will not be disappointed. The service is fast and friendly.
It's a diner!! I didn't mind but we were expecting such a different decor when we got to this place. Especially since all the other places weren't so rundown. it wasn't to bad since my meal was amazing but my friends didn't enjoy theirs to much. I had the oxtail stew and it really was falling of the bone and so flavorful. One of my friend got rope vieja but it was really bland. And my other friend got the codfish and it tasted so fishy. Over all service was not the best (unless you speak Spanish ) And food was good overall.
Cuban sandwich was ok. Nothing so special to write home about. Somewhat stingy on the meat, definitely could have been more there. The fried plantains were excellent, and iced espresso instantly woke me out of my slumber!
One of the few places in Miami Beach that is not pretentious and/or flanked with staff trying to drag you in. In a few words: Authentic, delicious and reasonably priced. The croquette was awesome as was the ropa veija. Oh, and try the Cuban style beer (don't remember the name but it was pretty good).
My first trip to miami and this was my friends and I first and arguably one of the best restaurants of our weekend.. EVERYTHING was delicious.. we got all of the standard hits: plantains, croquettes- both YUM, although I never had Cuban croquettes before they were different than I expected but delicious oxtail soup: this will have to be my favorite item off of their menu cuban sandwich, ropa vieja.. all great choices.. you probably wouldn't go wrong at this place.
Delicious!!! Seafood and chicken paella was to die for. Preparation time was 45 minutes so we ordered a few other items. The stuffed yuca and Cuban sandwich were really good as well. My friends also liked the homemade Sangria.
If you are in the Miami beach area you got to try this place for Cuban food.   They have great Cuban sandwich and the rice , beans ,maduros.. just to mention a few. I'm getting hungry.. The prices are not bad and they have daily specials for $10 average. the place is out-dated but clean.  I had rice, black beans, maduros and roisterer chicken. I have to say that all Spanish speaking countries have this dish on their menu but this place takes the gold medal. The waiter was super attentive which was nice and the plate size was pretty generous.
Yum yum yum!! Such a great place!  Juicy picadillo, with tasty black beans, rice & plantains, and the best croquetas ever :) The fruit shakes are awesome too - the banana is my favorite (and I'm not a much of a banana fan).  The cubano is huge & really tasty as well. The prices are extremely reasonable and you get alot for your $$.  Service is friendly and quick.  Mmmmm I'm still craving that tasty picadillo...
My wife and I arrived in Miami  after a long flight,  then after getting to our hotel nearby, we asked the cuban hotel bellman for a recommendation for some local Cuban food for a late lunch that was authentic and convenient.  He pointed us to Puerto Sagua, just around the corner.   The place is like a old style diner, with spinning stools at a long counter and some tables on the other side of the restaurant.  We sat at the counter, and were amazed at the lengthy menu.    The roast pork shoulder special was amazing, as were the croquettas, and the ropa viejo was outstanding.   They of course have great Cuban coffee. After a night exploring the town we went back there after midnight, and shared a Cuban sandwich and some more croquettas. The place does look run down compared to the surroundings, but that is definitely part of its charm and welcoming atmosphere and excellent food will make you want to come back and hope the place is just as it is now.
Loved the "ropa vieja" the meat was cooked well and the fried plantains were really good as well. It was my first time trying Cuban coffee "cafe con leche." The cafe con leche was really strong, but good. I added a lot of sugar to mine but I have a sweet tooth so once I added sugar it was more to my liking.
Was jonesing for some 'mom and pop' Cuban food so I asked my Art Deco Walking Tour Guide for any recommendations. Apparently Puerto Sagua is legend in Miami Beach so off I went. Came here at around noon today for lunch. It was p a c k e d, but managed to get a seat within 10-15 minutes. Pricing is reasonable. Portion sizes are generous. Service is friendly and efficient. As an app, we ordered the chicken empanadas for the table. They were flaky (not too oily) with chicken filling. There could have been more inside imho. My main was delicious - chicken with yellow rice and plantain ($9.25). This dish rocked my socks. It was simple, but so good. Btw, bananas have n o t h i n g on plantains! To end my meal, I had the 4 milk cafe - sponge cake infused with four different types of milk, including condensed and dulche de leche. If I'm ever back in the Miami area, I'll have to come back. A solid 4 stars.
Yummmmmm! I had the pulled pork, saffron rice & black beans, and fried yucca - - FANTASTIC! My friend had the fish sandwish and shared the same sides, also loving hers. Casual, seems authentic, quick and delicious.
Whats not to love about this place? Its prices are very reasonable. They have all the traditional Cuban plates. Fresh squeezed orange juice is a great way to get the day going. It is casual and quick too!
Puerto Sagua definitely has an old mom and pop downtown diner feel to it, and it's a pretty casual, low-key place in the middle of South Beach.   Our group of 10 shared a few different dishes - the Arroz con Pollo, a seafood paella, some fried pork chunks, and Cuban sandwiches.  The arroz con pollo and paella were similar in taste and consistency to a typical Spanish paella, only a little less flavorful.  The chicken rice was the more flavorful of the two.  If I went back I would want to try one of the grilled meat dishes because those looked really good.  As an appetizer we  ordered fried pork chunks as an appetizer, and that was excellent - juicy, not too tough or soft, and well marinated with a limey flavor.  I also tried the fish soup, which was a little too fishy for my tastes but otherwise pretty good.
Best authentic Cuban food ever!!! Oxtail stew was great along with yuca and Piccadillo a la criollo! You have to come hungry:)
Eat bold, non-Miami people!   It's hard to find good food like this so don't be shy, embrace it. I've been here several times and love it each time. The food is well prepared, fresh and tasty.  Today I had vaca frita, tostones, black beans and rice. I almost ate it all!  Started with the warm bread they serve, which was good.  The fried beef was tasty (but I did add hot sauce).  Beans and rice were fat-tastic!  (That means they were good but I'm sure they were loaded with fat).   Tostones were the size of a baby's head and the garlic sauce was lovely. Definitely recommend this place for reasonably priced, authentic food.
We had dinner here our first night in Miami, and stopped by again for an afternoon snack. The chicken and masas de puerco were both sublime. Typically pork and chicken are a little pedestrian, but the cook really brought out the flavors here. The ropa vieja was good. We can also recommend the coffee and shakes. In general, if you want a quality dinning experience while staying in south beach it might be best to skip the touristy joints on Ocean Ave. and visit the Cuban restaurants on Collins.
Hmmmmm...I must have eaten there on the wrong day, ordered the wrong dishes or didn't realize cuban food was that bland. I had the arroz con pollo which was huge, but tasteless. The chicken had absolutely no flavor. I think it was boiled in yellow broth. The rice was equally uneventful. My hubby had tilapia which was fried nicely, but also lacked seasoning.
Great price for delicious Cuban food.  If your in SoBe for a week take an evening to try Puerto Sagua for some awesome fare.  Well priced.  We had shrimp and beef dinners, both were excellent.  This restaurant is all about the food.  We will be coming back time and time again!
This place was so good that my girls and I came here not once during our vacation here but TWICE. It was our first and last meal!! EVERYTHING is good at this place. The food they churn out is authentic, homey, and just feels you up with warmth. The ropa vieja is definitely good but that roasted pork shoulder is where it is at!!! It was juicy and so so so flavorful! To top it off, even the rice and beans were an explosion of taste and flavor in my mouth. The price is EVEN better (didn't think this was possible). You can get away with a full belly and a couple of drinks for under $15. My all time fav spot in Miami for just some good food without all the frills!
The one time it poured this weekend we needed a place to take shelter. We also needed breakfast because the free continental breakfast at the hotel was all carbs. Cuban Dineresque restaurant serves all the staple breakfast plus some cuban influenced options. Got some eggs here sans the cuban bread :(. Prices are cheap and service is good. I would go back to try out the ropa vieja but did not get a chance this time. The portions were large, and come with coffee and a small orange juice. I also noticed they had alfajore cookies!!!! my all time favorite. Dulce de leche center cookies coated with coconut flakes.
This place will be busy! We didn't call ahead so had a bit of a wait but it was well worth it. Portion sizes are great, the sauces at the tables are all delicious, I loved the wings, meat pies, everything was delicious. This place is a must try. I would have given it a 5* but I made the mistake of ordering fish. The Tilapia was great but I'm not much of a fish lover, and spent some time staring at my friends' MASSIVE, awesome looking half chicken and steak. The Cuban coffee was also great after the meal.
PART 1:  Puerto abierto M- I- A-M-I... M- I- A- M- I...   M- I- A- M- I...        Once again, I gotta get my yelp game face on for my LA peeps back home(miss you guys)! Been doing it big here in South Beach for the past couple of weeks. Love it! I mean c'mon who doesn't. BUT- I'm doin' South Florida a little differently  this time. Generally I  like to pick out all the spots which I intend on trying and subsequently write about/review so as not to waste my precious time off. I decided, however,  to let  a  good FRIEND of mine choose ALL the spots on this 2-week excursion.  I therefore apologize in advance , and take NO responsibility whatsoever, in the event that  any of  the establishments  reviewed  in this piece(s)  SUCK!  (don't shoot the messenger..)  JR, hope  you're reading this , homie, because I pretty much just threw you under the bus.LOL;)        First stop-  Puerto Sagua. Quite of bit  of history here, for those of you who care. Where most people see a semi  Oil-World joint ,  complete with  a mismatch of  colors  and unimpressive decor ,really; I see a  veritable throwback to the 60s , a dynamic and volatile period when the Cuban diaspora needed  a  place to come to, gather to remind them of back home .  To this day, Cuban immigrants have held onto these  tiny  slivers  of  their  hopes, dreams and aspirations in  the very  fabric of  this restaurant's walls.  For this reason,  Puerto Sagua oozes with authenticity and therein lies its  charm. Its popularity with  late night south  beach partyers , politicos(political figures) and as a place for cheap eats is well-documented. I don't have to tell you that. The smell  of  my plate full of medianoches reminds quickly  why  I agreed to come here. Roasted pulled pork, ham, cheese. The Cuban sandwich can't be beat! I saw one woman  near us trying to eat  these with a fork and knife and it  took  much self-restraint  on my part not to walk over to her table, slap her silly, and tell her to get her fingers dirty and DIG IN!!!( I'm kidding of course about the slapping part. ..I  would never hit a woman, Jeez). So as I was saying , I recommend starting  your meal  with the sandwiches as appetizers, then  follow that up with the roast chicken served with the side of black beans, rice and platanos(plantains). If you still  have room left for dessert (or more sandwiches -like in my case) most  rave about tres leche. The funniest  part  of this entire experience was  when  a couple of  elderly Cubanos suggested that I have a few  cups of some  traditional-style coffee to top it all off.  Apparently, they  said  I  looked too  young  and needed  some more  hair on my chest. Far be it  for me not to take the advice of  knowledgeable locals- so I did...I was up  ALL  that night  listening  and   singing  to old Cuban classics ...didn't sleep a wink.(Just sayin')  I'm  sure that the old-timers  got  quite a chuckle  that day( hahaha- sarcastic  undertone). That's cool, I know exactly where  to find them.... -tigre
Been coming here for the last 15 years, I recently became a residnent. I love their Vaca Frita!!!!!!!!!! their rice and beans and tostones! I love the folks that work here and the food is good all around.The portions are large and delicious, and the prices are fairly moderate. The bread they serve hot starts  off your meal and the rest is history. You'll be coming back for years to come. Please don't come here to order chicken fingers and fries this is not the place for that.
Inexpensive, authentic, great tasting Cuban food close to the beach. It's how it should be.
UpGrade!  I went back, had the medium Cubano, a side of fried Plantains and some bread pudding.  All excelled. Ask for the scotch bonnet hot sauce and the french dressing. mix, dip and enjoy! mmmmm, bueno gordita mas pitbull... no I don't speak spanish.
This place is pretty good and cheap but the food isn't so authentic. I've had real Cuban food and this is not it. The empanadas ARE good though but three stars because the flavor falls a little short and the rice never seems to be fully done but still a great spot to enjoy next to the beach and nice surroundings it is a must try spot
Tired and hungry from our flight we asked the taxi driver for restaurant recommendation and this is where he has pointed us to. Not bad for our first restaurant experience.  My husband and I shared the deep fried red snapper with rice and beans; fried yucca and tamale.  The fish was fresh with a light batter and seasoning; the black beans was seasoned right too; the yucca was fried right with little crunch outside.  The tamale was okay for me.  You can tell the place has been here in South Beach for a long time and no fancy tables but just good food and service.  Would come back and try the other food on the menu.
I'm not sure what the hype is all about.  Maybe I didn't order the right dish?  I ordered the roasted chicken dish with beans and plantains. The chicken was so dry, I had to take a sip of water to get it down my throat.  The plantains were kind of tasty except it was pretty greasy.  I saw oil dripping off my plantains as I picked it up with my fork. The Cuban sandwich was tasty, but was also greasy. The yellow rice was the only item that was made perfectly, soft and buttery.
Wish I lived in Miami to come back to try more dishes. Fried. Pork. Chunks. so simple, yet so delicious. Don't forget to squeeze some lime on them. Oxtail - did not disappoint. The stew was flavorful and the rice was nice and buttery.
This place was a great, off the beaten path restaurant, in the heart of South Beach. But away from the annoying patrons who try to lure you into their restaurants on Ocean Ave. Their menu was posted in the window and you could see that they have everything under the sun and their prices are reasonable. So, I ventured in. i first sat at the bar. It was clear the waitress had no interest in serving me. I don't think she spoke English very well and figured I was a typical, English speaking only gringa. If only she knew of my stellar Spanish skills...but I figured, what the hell. Why do I want to deal with this less than friendly lady? So I decided I wanted to sit in the crowded seated area, by myself, surrounded by families, groups of friends, lovers, enjoying their time in beautiful Miami. I guess this is beside the point but being a sales person on a work trip can be oh so lonely. Anyway, back to the restaurant. My server was fantastic. Very sweet and efficient. I ordered the shrimp enchilados (Cuban style) and of course, a side of sweet plantains, my favorite! All very delicious. I loved the rice and beans. Loved them! I also ordered a couple glasses of the house sangria. I have to admit, mine is better but theirs wasn't half bad! If you're looking for a restaurant that isn't a total tourist trap with outrageous prices, this is your spot.
This review is for the roasted chicken lunch special. This place is 5 min away from where we are staying and we stopped by on the way to the mall. I got the roasted chicken lunch special which came with rice and beans. WOW that chicken had flavor! And to my surprise, so did the rice! Service was a little slow and there weren't that many people around at the time, but I would definitely come back again, hopefully before I leave.
We asked where would be a good place for a Cuban coffee at our hotel's front desk, and they directed us here.  They have some good breakfast deals where the price includes a fresh squeezed orange juice, Cuban coffee, toast and an egg-based dish of your choice.  We had the regular scambled eggs with fries and scambled eggs with onions and bacon - held us over until a very late lunch and it was reasonably priced.  The ambiance was comfortable.
Aside from the fish and rice soup, the shrimp cocktail appetizer, and the plantains, I found our main meal quite dry expecially the pork and roasted chicken.  Otherwise, a fairly good meal.  Attentive wait staff.
Excellent food at an excellent price.  I honestly don't know what authentic Cuban cuisine is, but I was told this was the spot to get it.  I had the #1 shredded beef .  Whenever I am back in Miami, I will definitely eat here again.
Decent, but not exceptional.  Would not return.   Media Noche was the only standout item, basically an over-buttered cuban sandwich.  Ropa Vieja was like watery fajitas.  $25 bucks for some weak Sangria.   Head back across the bridge and find real Cuban food in Miami.
Our cab driver recommended this place. It was sooooooo good!!!! I had the oxtail soup. And I ate every last bit. I especially appreciated the selection of hot sauce on the table. And the wine prices were great!
Mom and pop Cuban/American diner.  Great for breakfast, lunch or hangover :)  Fried plantains were delicious!
The roasted chicken and plantains were the best $8.50 I spent in Miami.
used to be a locals best for Cuban food. Now you can't find even a decent "Cuban sandwich" or a decent "tostones".  Feel free to glance in the kitchen before you seat, that alone will tell you everything you need to know.
Cuban food is amazing here!! Got the Cuban sandwich and it was really flavorful!!
No fuss Cuban food. This place is nothing fancy but definitely very good. And it's open late. Try the cuatro leche for dessert. So yummy!
During our Vacation in Miami, someone had recommended this place to us. I'm glad we decided to make a stop; we actually visited this place twice during the week we were there. The food was amazing! We had the potato ball appetizer, and even took some to go for breakfast. We also the arroz con pollo, with black beans. On our other visit we tried the salmon and their skirt steak. Everything we tried tasted fresh and great! For the price, this is definitely a place you want to take a look at.
I'm not a Cuban food connosoier or anything, but my friend and I came here for a casual lunch and ordered the ropas viejas and oxtail stew to share.  The ropas viejas was good and what I expected, but the oxtail stew was INCREDIBLE.  The meat was slow cooked to perfection and was paired well with their buttered rice.  They also have a good selection of Latin beers.  The ambience was no frills because the food spoke for itself.  I will definitely come back to this joint next time I have a Cuban food craving.
Judging by the well over a thousand reviews, if a Yelper comes to Miami they have to try this restaurant.  Who am I to buck the trend? This place really does have a diner feel to it.  The tables and chairs are old, and the place is definitely a little rough around the edges.  The crowd is very diverse.  There were 20 somethings who appeared to be getting ready for a night out.  There was a family at the table next to us that appeared to be totally normal, except the soccer mom was wasted! Everyone else in the party just seemed to be ignoring the fact that she could hardly keep her head off the table.  She must have really enjoyed Miami. For dinner I had the oxtail stew and a side of black beans.  The oxtail was good, and it was served with rice.  The portion was big and it definitely filled me up.  The black beans weren't too shabby either.   The service was friendly, even though there was a bit of a language barrier.  (I really need to learn Spanish).  I would not necessarily go back for dinner, but for a late night after the bar type meal, this would be the place to go.
I loved that this place is a block away from ocean drive and has a diner atmosphere that makes it comfortable to hang out at. And the food was so amazing. I had the shredded beef. DELICIOUS.
Delicious Cuban food! Pricier than I expected, but delicious! $30 for the Puerto Sagua fish with a side of ripe plantains. Yummy!
As a Cuban, people are always asking me where to go on the beach for the real deal. This is the only place I suggest. It is a no frills Cuban diner. The food is the thing here. They serve all of the mainstays of classic "cocina criolla", (home cooked) Cuban food. The ropa vieja is amazing here. You must have the yucca frita. Also be sure to check out the specials. They serve a whole fish that is very good. The waiters are always glad to help with questions and suggestions. Or, you could just grab your favorite Cuban friend, ( or call me) to really explain everything.
Everytime I come to Ft Lauderdale and/or Miami, this is a mandatory appointment that I make!!!! I've been coming to Puerto Sagua for years and they never disappoint. The portions are generous, food seasoned well and it's walking distance from the beach, can't beat that!
If you are in Miami, you should make Puerto Sagua one of your stops.  Delicious cuban food at its best!  It's a totally laid back vibe, with a family-own run feeling.  I would call it a hole in the wall except for the expansion in the back. The menu items I recommend include: 1. Medianoche: super delicious sandwich 2. Oxtail stew: The oxtail meat was delicious, mouth watering, perfect amount of flavoring. Drizzling the stew over the rice was heavenly! 3. Green plantains 4. Tres leches
My hubs and I were sitting at our hotel during our recent trip to Miami when I grabbed his Blackberry and got on yelp, trying to find somewhere to eat some Cuban food. What caught my eye about the reviews of Puerto Sagua was "affordable," since we had recently paid $6 for a bottle of water and we were irritated about it. The place is a dive and has that terrifying 3D artwork on the wall, but the food was good and cheap and that was exactly what we were looking for. We went on a Sunday night and it wasn't crowded at all. We got a seat right away and they brought our food soooo fast. Then we ate like it was going out of style. I freaking love plantains! Mmmm. If you're looking for somewhere where $30 buys you a lot more than one drink, this is your place.
Super cheap (compare to other restaurants in SoBe) and very good food. I go to Miami Beach about once a year and I always visit Puerto Sagua for authentic Cuban food. Try the grilled snapper with tostones, you'll lick your fingers after! Wait can be annoying, they need to update the place a little and the service is a hit or miss, never know what you are going to get.
In the middle of pricey south beach eateries is a great cuban restaurant without all the fluff.  I always make it a point to stop by here when I'm in town because it's cheap and very good.  The daily specials are under $10 and you could almost share it with another person.  Try it! You won't be disappointed.  Can't go wrong with some delicious Cuban food!
Service is ok the food is fantastic I had yellow rice Cuban sandwich w/ black beans sorta hard to screw that up fried bananas were good too! But the cafe Con leche is the Best in Miami!
I love love love this place! It's my favorite place to go to in Miami! I always get the oxtail stew and it is so delicious. It tastes like it has been sitting in the stew juices and flavors all day long. The stew reminds me of Filipino caldereta and tastes like home! My husband ordered the beef tongue. He loved it and I even loved the one little bite I tried. Can't wait to go back for more!
I love their iced coffee! Last time I think I MAY have had one too many though. While I've never had their cuatro leches cake, my friend loves it.  The grouper and the Ropa Vieja...OMG, I'm getting chunky just thinking about how much I ate last time I went to Miami!  We only stayed 3 days but went to Puerto Sagua at least 5 times...OINK! It is a hole in wall so if you're looking for a fancy, expensive establishment, this is not it.  This is mom & pop type place. The service is always great and I've never had a bad experience with the food.  While I don't presume to be a food connoisseur, I did grow up eating savory Latin/Caribbean food so I know how it should taste and PS definitely comes close to my mama's cooking!
Went looking for Senor Frogs, for old time's sake, and found Puerto Sagua instead. Not disappointed! Inexpensive, good "real people, real food" vibe, and delicious! The half carafe of sangria is too small; get the full!
tasty Cuban food strong, potent Cuban coffee one day, I'll be back
while in Florida I had the chance to drive down too Miami beach to check out the sites.   now I didn't wanna go eat at some place I could find in new jersey or new work so I went to this local Cuban spot. the food came fast and they have fresh squeezed Orange juice. I had a simple dish (chicken, brown rice) but it was the bursting with flavor. if I'm ever back in Miami or if any of u guys r I recommend this place if don't have Cuban/Spanish food often or want to try it!!
What do you do when you have to wait 9 hours before your flight? You take the metro to South Beach! Came here based on the number of yelpers and their reviews and also because we wanted some cuban food. The menu is very busy and I truly wish I could have tried everything in one sitting, but sadly after a week long cruise my stomach capacity has reached its max. There is a lot to choose from on the menu so I asked for recommendations on pork dishes and tried the pork chunks. It came with fried onions and served with black bean rice and boiled plantains. It is what you would expect of fried pork but I enioyed It especially with the rice. We also ordered the chicken empanadas which were quite tasty. I also tried the cafe con leche (caffe latte)..and was quite excited based on the reviews. I'd like to think I am my own coffee connoisseur since I love everything about coffee. Sadly I thought it was too milky for my taste. My boyfriends ordered the ground beef spanish style which I had to have a taste of. Overall, not a bad find. I would definitely visit again.
I really wanted to try Cuban food in Miami when I went last holiday season.  I tried out this place when I went to walk around South Beach.  This place seemed to get good reviews, but I just didn't really like the food there.   The meat I got was a bit dry/overcooked (I can't remember what I ordered though).  My brother had a streak, and I had some kind of pork dish.  Also, I remember the fried yucca, I think, they're like large sweet potato fries, but those weren't terribly good either.   The thing I really liked here was the Cuban sandwich.  That was really excellent.  And now that I wrote it, I'm craving another one.  I need to go find a place that has those in San Diego :)  Also, the sangria here was decent Perhaps I just ordered the wrong dishes at this restaurant, but I did not enjoy the food or atmosphere at this restaurant.  I sat at a table in the middle of the restaurant, so there were some other dinners on the other end of our table.  Overall, it was a bit too crowded.
Tamal, croqueta, ropa vieja, vaca frita . . . all of it was super-tasty. Don't let the daunting queue keep you away--I swear it moves quickly, and the food and friendly service in this run-down joint are definitely worth it. Did I mention the portions are huge? The café con leche was the perfect color, too, if a tad sweeter than I prefer. Just go there already!
Do not let this place fool you!! It is a little gem hidden on the corner of Collins and it is incredible! When I went, the place was packed...I ordered the Ox Tail Stew and it was very good. However, I kind of wish I ordered the Ropa Vieja because I heard that was amazing! The food is fresh and the service is quick. It is also inexpensive...I loved it and would go again for some yummy Cuban food :)
We loved this place.  It's a dive but overall was awesome.  The ropa vieja was amazing- very tender and flavorful and the cafe con leche was excellent.  Started with the croquettes and they were fresh and flavorful. This was our first attempt at cuban food and we were not disappointed.  I would go back.
The food was great! I loved it Alex was our server and was great ask for suggestions had the onion rings outrages!
3 1/2 Stars This was my first time eating Cuban food- so please bear that in mind as you read my review. After searching through Yelp, this was the most highly recommended Cuban restaurant in the area. So I had such a high expectation for this place and I was (sadly) let down. Maybe I don't like cuban food because it didn't stand out to me. Most of the food was greasy. The food I ordered were the pepper steak cubes, garlic shrimp, plantains, black bean, and fish. The dish with the most tasteful flavor was the pepper steak (but it was drenched in oil) and the dish that I would not order again was the fish (it was too dry). I do have to give them props for their late hours and exceptional service. Our waitress was wonderful and very attentive. Overall, great service and OK food.
I wish I loved it more, because it's a true diner. But it just left me wanting more. I got a (nasty) bagel with (nasty) cheese, coffee and homefries and it was $10. Huh? On the upside, the service was good, the so-so coffee was refilled often, and best of all, there's a box of Alka Seltzer on the shelf alongside the Bisquick container and case of Benson & Hedges. Right on!
This place is definitely where everyone in south beach goes for good, authentic and reasonably priced Cuban food. The fried yucca was delicious as well as their intense flavored paella! The staff took great care of us and the people we met dining were really friendly. I have nothing but great things to say about this place.
FREAKIN' D-LICIOUS. Food was so good.  I had the Grouper fish. Very good service cold beer and QUALITY food very tasty and authentic. This place is Real Deal cuban food
The food here is great! Best Cuban restaurant in Miami (hands down). I had this chicken with garlic dish and the paella! Sooo good!
My mom is from a town in Cuba called "Sagua La Grande," and several years ago while on a South Beach vacation with friends I discovered this place and loved it.  located on Collins Avenue they should would be charging tourist an arm and a leg, but they don't!! Wooooo now I don't have to go into town (Miami) for good cheap Cuban food! I am very particular about my black bean, many will try but not many will succeed at replicating our black beans... well Puerto Sagua does a very good job on that... They put all the TLC we do in our beans :) The place is not big and not  fancy but you do get a great affordable meal, great location, and friendly service! If you want real Cuban Coffee that can wake the dead... Puerto Sagua is the place for you my friend, take it from a Cuban ;o) Good Collins Eats!
Two words: ropa vieja. Juicy, tender, succulent shredded beef. Mmmmm, I'm salivating just thinking about it! The dish comes with a side of white rice and sweet plantains. We ate here on our final night in South Beach. The place was packed on a Sunday night. We waited in a fairly long line to get seated at a table. Luckily, we were at the front end of the line. Even after we were seated, we noticed that the line led out the door and it continued grow at a regular pace. Despite the crowded tables, we still had good service from our waiter. If you're in search of some Cuban cuisine while you are in the area, look no further. The food definitely hits the spot and it's cheaper than anything on Ocean Blvd.
Have tried the Ropa Vieja, oxtail stew, and grilled tilapia n shrimp all in one sitting. Everything was incredible. We enjoyed it so much we came back the next day. And had we had enough time the following day we would have come back again before leaving to catch our flight back home. The wait was not long at all, even though the place was packed. Even our food came out quick. If ever I'm in the area, and I hope to be again real soon, I will definitely come back.
I love a good old diner and this fits that bill. Love a great ropa vieja, too, and a lot of reviewers here seem to love theirs. Since when it's good, it's oh so good, I came in to try it. Unfortunately, the first place where  I'd ever stumbled onto it was so good it's spoiled me and this didn't live up to it. The rice and plantains were great, though.
Well was expecting some fancy restaurant but walked into what turned out to be your typical Miami cubano family oriented restaurant. Only had the croquette while waiting for friends and they were pretty dang good I must say. Bar section faces 7th street so was still able to enjoy my people watch. Hope to come back and try more food next time but for what I saw everything was fine
I wanted to stay in Miami Beach another day just so I could go back and eat here again, but alas, 'twas not to be. I will just have to imagine what other great food I could have enjoyed here. After doing some research, I decided that this was the place to go for Cuban food in South Beach, and I was definitely led to the right place. We went late morning, and they were still serving breakfast, but I had already decided that I wanted the Ropa Vieja. BF ordered some scrambled thing with peppers and onions. We sat at the counter of this no-frills establishment. Our waiter was (I assume) Cuban, and he gave us prompt and no-nonsense service. The cafe con leche was heavenly, and BF's coffee (some kind of espresso thing) was so good that he was insisting I try it. I passed, since I was more than happy with mine. The food arrived and we dug in. I am no expert on Cuban food, but I was inhaling this stuff it was so good. The beef was tender and cooked with peppers that were SO tasty, alongside rice and fried plantains. The combination of those three things was so perfectly delicious. I don't even like plantains that much, but these were caramelized and almost sticky on the outside and hot and tender on the inside. I am seriously still craving them. BF's eggs were good, and served with Cuban toast that I wanted to steal from him. We finished up and I was stuffed, but I had to have one of the cookies I was eyeing in the cake dome on the counter. It was like a shortbread sandwich cookie filled with caramel, and rolled in coconut. It looked good, but it tasted like a million times better than it even looked, if that is possible. It was honestly like the best cookie I've ever had. We passed by later that night and there was a line around the corner of people waiting to get in. I totally get it, and can't wait to go back someday.
Althought  the seafood paella took 45 minutes ( they also had a disclaim on the menu) it was worth the wait. The variety of lobster, clams, etc were all marinated with the sauce and the rice was soaked with flavor. The chicken we got was super tender not to mention the shredded steak was a delight. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody that is looking for a cuban place in Miami. Also, the price is reasonable which adds another star to review.
I've eaten seafood at hundreds of places and this place serves the best red snapper I have ever had!
In my search for the best Cuban sandwich in south Florida, someone on the street told me about Puerto Sagua. This place has not changed since the day it opened. The decor is from the 1960's, but the food is a 10. Cuban sandwich is the best I have ever had. Shredded beef stew "Cuban style" is also great.
Anyone that come s to south beach and wants good Cuban food has to come here! Very authentic old school feel to the place , love it
Loved the ambience, mom and pop feel gives it some home cooked feeling goodness. We enjoyed the Fish with Green Sauce, Green Plantains, and Cuban Sandwich. Their portions are generous, and prices are just right.
Best cuban sandwich I've ever had.  Pork & beef - also delicious.  Pollo asado, however, was not as impressive.  Great flavor, but sorta dry. Also worth noting- they've got a cuatro leches dessert, which almost made my brain explode for the mere fact that it contained one more leche than I've ever seen on a single cake.  Super sweet, but still, very tasty. Overall, I recommend.
it was alright. great location. i got the oxtail, potato ball, tres leches, and iced cuban coffee the oxtail was flavorful but not as tender as i hoped i liked the rice that came with it but have had better plantains the potato ball was huge and the meat filling is better than portos' the tres leches was meh. i wouldn't recommend it i expected the coffee  to be strong but it was weak in flavor and  the temperature of it was lukewarm all in all, i'd say we have just as good cuban food in the west coast/la area
I like this place because it was real authentic Cuban food which I was craving for. It gets very busy here! Ate here twice within my stayed in Miami. If your hungry and on the budget, this is the place to go. The portion are kinda huge. I couldn't finish my food. This place is def not a fancy place at all which is probably my only complaint. It looks run down and tired looking. But seriously??? you come to a restaurant for the quality of the food and not the way it looks.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. It's soooo delicious. It is always packed. I highly recommend going here if you are on the beach and looking for authentic cuban food. The location is super easy to get to and the prices are so reasonable. The croquettes are awesome. The Ropa Vieja is delish and the grilled chicken is just classic. You can't go wrong.
I would recommend this cute little Cuban joint to anyone who comes and visits Miami. Not only is it a local favorite but it's also always packed with tourists. We've heard about this place from at least 4 different locals we've bumped into during our stay in Miami. Well we finally made it there for lunch today and boy was it worth it. It's perfect for those who are on a budget but also good for those who want to splurge a little more. It doesn't look like much from the outside... well actually neither from the inside... with a diner seating area in one end and the regular restaurant seating on the other. Server was very friendly and helpful. Tip: Check out their Daily Specials menu before deciding what you want. We had the Codfish Spanish-style that comes with plantains and rice and the 2 fried pork chunks that comes with black beans and rice. The next time I'm in Miami I'm definitely coming back here to try out other items on their menu.
Super yummy food, nice portions, super reasonable prices, but nothing special about the ambiance or service. We ate the roasted chicken with rice & beans (delish), side of sauteed yuca (super delish!), and steak sandwich (meh). The bill came out to something like $25, which I think is very reasonable for good Cuban food in South Beach. I would definitely recommend it for lunch.
Agree with others. Gotta try the ox tail stew. Empanadas, croquetts, all good. Just watch for how they charge you at the end because they do it all by hand. We discovered a $10 error. An innocent mistake I'm sure!
I LOVE Cuban food and this place was recommended to us by our driver from the W hotel.  We came for a late lunch (around 3pm) and the place was pretty empty which I loved!  I ordered the ropa vieja and my husband the chicken and both were delicious!  It was quick, cheap, and satisfying! One of the best meals I had during my stay in Miami and I didn't even break the bank!
This was my first time at trying Cuban food and I absolutely loved it. We tried the popular croquette and pork chunks with roasted chicken. But the highlight was the guava pastry which was recommended by my waitress for not having masa real! It was absolutely delicious:) Overall, Guava pastry is a must try!
BEST ROPA VIEJA, CUBAN SANDWICH IN MIAMI! I went to Puerto Sagua after reading it's reviews on Yelp and I loved it so much that I went here 3 times during my 5 day stay in Miami. I had Ropa Vieja twice and Cuban Sandwich for breakfast on my last day at Miami. DECOR: The decor is very simple and appears like dives. It is clean and you can either choose to sit on the bar table or a separate sitting area inside. FOOD: Drinks: Sangria (I did not like it much. Loved the Sangria at Versailles) and coffee con leche. The coffee was okay and as I always say, I don't like bitter coffee. If you are ordering this coffee please mention WITHOUT SUGAR. With sugar it becomes extremely sweet and the combination of extreme sweet and extreme bitter taste awful. Entree: Ropa Vieja is shredded beef in curry served with plantains and rice. This is an amazing dish and tastes so so so so good. I had cuban sandwich for breakfast and it was so delicious. I loved it! Desserts: Masa Real is like a cup cake/bread with guava jam in it. I didn't like it. SERVICE: The waiter was polite and the food arrived within 15 mins from the time ordered. They serve  complimentary bread and butter. PRICE: Reasonably priced restaurant and the food completely justifies the price.
LOVE CUBANS and CUBAN FOOD!!!! Every time I am in SoBe I have to go here. Its just the staple that is South Beach. You cant get enough of the authentic food and platanos! The like melt in your mouth. The place is always packed so teh one thing I will say is make sure you have time and are hungry. Once you sit down the hot bread will get you and then so will all the good food! Damn I want some Cuban food now!!!!!
Puerto Sagua is the best restaurant to go to on South Beach if you a) want Cuban food and b) don't want to get ripped off. The selection is great , especially breakfast (the coffee is delicious), and the prices are reasonable. I love that Puerto Sagua is laid back and not at all like the other dining spots that line Ocean and Collins.
Lucky to find parking on this street, we ate here after a quick trip to Nikki Beach. Amazing flavors, authentic cuban food. Old looking, nothing to brag about, service is not 5 stars but the food was great and they were friendly enough. Not a fan of the beer selection. Not enough fresh juice. Rice is amazing . Black beans are great. Grouper was huge and fresh and flakey. Pollo a la plancha was sweet, the onions soft. Great seasoning...
Having only a day in Miami and the opportunity to visit only one restaurant, I knew I had to have Cuban food at Puerto Sagua. The restaurant isn't fancy and although the location caters to tourist, they have really great Cuban food and for South Beach just great food in general. Beyond the food though, the people and casual atmosphere makes you feel right at home. It is the type of restaurant that locals frequent too. On this visit I ordered the Chuletas De Cerdo Frita (fried pork chops). This is one of my favorite dishes at this restaurant and words can't describe how much I love it. The outside has a thin crust yet it is moist on the inside. Cuban food doesn't have strong flavors (like the Jamaican and Cajun food i am used to), but the marinated onions and lime juice make your taste buds think otherwise. My boyfriend ordered the Churrasco (skirt steak). The steak is a strip of tender delicious meat that satisfies any appetite and the Chimichurri sauce contributes to that. The rice and beans were pretty standard. The rice was well-prepared. The beans had some flavor and praise Jesus weren't salty. I was stuffed after eating all that food, but being the glutton I am, I still had to order dessert but I smartly took my Quatro Leches to go. The dessert was good (sweet as hell), but I found the cake to be a little over soaked and mushy. I usually ordered the Dulce de Leche cookies which are amazing, so I probably wouldn't order the cake again, but it was worth the try. Puerto Sagua is one of the better and more affordable restaurants on the beach and a SoBe experience not to be missed.
Good gracious. It's not a fancy environment, but the people are friendly and the food is delicious. I'd consider this great, homestyle authentic Cuban, nothing edgy or unexpected. The ropa vieja is delicious, as are the platanos (plantains). The pork shoulder, though. People. This is serious business. It falls apart on the plate and in your mouth, along with the sauteed sweet onions, rice with black beans and yucca. Easily the best version of the dish I've ever had. The flan was good too and they serve half bottles of wine, which is always appreciated. Obviously I highly recommend it. Go. Eat. (Pork.)
I absolutely love this place. Not only is the food tasty and authentic, it's affordable too. I went back 2 days in a row for the rotisserie chicken, yellow rice, black beans and plantains. The breakfast here is also great. Cafe con leche is awesome!
I've been here several times. The croquettes are my favorite thing here. Definitely get a few while you are here. The other food is very good as well.
I got the beef tongue and it was a large dish - more than I could finish.  I feel like this was a perfect hang-over joint after all the partying in Miami.
We walked a walk from our hotel to come to this , highly yelp rated , authentic Cuban experience. What we have gotten was average looking dinner, rude grumpy looking  host -server, and average food. Oxtail stew was beyond ordinary. Atmosphere wasn't  pleasant. Servers were not trying. We didn't care to have a drink or stay for the desert we pretty much just ate and left. In terms of authentic Cuban food...we had much better ,tastier and more authentic experience at David's Cafe Cuban Cusine also at Collins Ave.
Sitting in the middle of all the silicon-injected restaurants in this area, Puerto Sagua is a breath of fresh air and authentic home style Cuban. The Puerco Fritas appetizer is excellent: chunks of fried pork and onion on a bed of lettuce with a light vinaigrette. The Tamale was solid. The Fish soup was tasty but the fish was left in the kitchen. The servings here are Dictator-sized portions. Eat up, Chuco! The Palomilla steak and the Ropa Viejo were recommended and very good. The rice and frijoles negros (black beans) are perfect, and the greasy plantains almost caused a fist fight at our table. No hard liquor; this is a family place.  The sangria is terrific, cheap and perfect after a Dominican beer. In case you are on acid when you eat here, the murals and art work are 5 star. They are genuinely weird and intense. Actual figurines attached to paintings to create a 3D effect. Or at least I thought they were 3D. :-) Support a real restaurant. Go here.
Out of all the things to find in south beach: Authentic Cuban Food!  This place was in south beach before south beach was south beach. Makes sense?  Its been around for ever... And they have their business down good.  The food is fairly priced and ridiculously full of flavor. I've been here several times.  I go everytime I visit miami.  and anytime any of my friends go to miami I totally recomend this place. I've had several of their plates:  Ropa Vieja, Bistek Cubano, Milanesa, Croqueta de Lechon Preparada.  All were off the hook!  And everytime my friends go; they love it.   Definitely a must for those of you who visit Miami.
We liked this place so much we came back twice in the 4 days we were in Miami Beach. It's more of a hole in the wall type place which was a nice change of pace from all of the 'fancy' overpriced SoBe restaurants in the area. Breakfast was tasty & pork Pernil Asado was incredible.
Try the delicious Ropa Vieja
Excellent food, classic diner setting and always reluable. Do not miss this Cuban treat!
Amazing Cuban food! It has to be one of the most popular eating destinations on Collins in SoBe. We've been here many times over the years and the place is generally jammed packed with happy diners. Rice, black beans, plantains and all kinds of meat and seafood to go with them............I prefer the half chicken or the snapper. The food is so reasonably priced and the portions are hefty that if you eat lunch here you won't be looking to have dinner that night! The waitstaff are professional and smiling (which is amazing considering the crowds). The thing that holds back the final star is that it needs a floor to ceiling makeover. It's tired and getting dirty, which turns me off. Most establishments that start sacrificing the eye appeal of the restaurant and the cleanliness of the bathrooms, I usually move on but the food here is just amazing and I close an eye to the neglect.
Diner type atmosphere, great wait staff - very helpful. The food is authentic Cuban and American cuisine. I'd certainly recommend this place for anyone who visits Miami. So delicious! I want more!
Casual, comfort food Cuban style on South Beach minus Sobe spiked prices. 3 stars for the meal. However, I could issue 50 stars for the tostones. Fabulous flavor....fresh out of the frying pan. For a great afternoon snack (and break from the heat & humidity), order the tostones and wash it down with a cold Presidente.
As most of South Beach turns over and gentrifies, authentic Cuban food will also keep disappearing and moving out west to cheaper areas. This place used to be fairly good, but tourists and time has made it mediocre at best. Even the cafe con lecho is pretty disappointing most of the time. David's on Meridian remains the only decent choice in the area unless you really don't want to walk that far. The new David's on Collins is also disappointing though.
AMAZING. Really, super delicious. I HIGHLY recommend the fish in green sauce. It melts in your mouth and the sauce is good enough to just mix with rice or sop up with bread. Service was decent and decor wasn't very nice but that fish - mmmmmhmmmm, five stars. Have to do it.
To quote Kip from Napoleon Dynamite: "I love technology...." We were in Miami and we wanted Cuban food. Seems easy and simple to do, right? But if you are a tourist and don't know any locals to suggest a place to go it's a tad more difficult. Our problem was solved thanks to technology! Earlier I posted on FB something about being in Miami, then friends started suggesting cool places to go in Miami, including restaurants. Yay! My friend Pat suggested Puerto Sagua, and after seeing the rave reviews on Yelp [more awesome technology] we made our reservation! I expected it to be swanky and dark, like the other restaurants we'd been to down there. It was quite the opposite, bright lighting, a lot of tables crowded in a giant room and minimal luxury. I didn't mind one bit because we could immediately tell this joint was going to have some authentic Cuban food! We ordered Paella, a chicken dish and a beef dish. All tasted great but the paella was fantastic! It takes 45 minutes to cook. We were sharing everything so it didn't matter to us that it took longer. We ate the chicken and beef while we waited and drank our reasonably priced bottle of Malbec. Everything was delicious and the bill was totally reasonable. Our waiter was not very friendly and would disappear for looooong periods of time but it didn't ruin the experience. Great food- thanks to Pat for suggesting we try Puerto Sagua!!!
If there's one place to try while in Miami Beach, it's here! Almost a month after eating here I still dream of the ropa vieja, oxtail stew, and cuban sandwich.  Even the free bread was really good. Atmosphere inside is definitely not a fancy schmancy place, but busy and bigger than a hole-in-the-wall.
my first taste of cuban cuisine and i LOVED it!! this place was so delicious. i ordered the ropa vieja and let me tell you, just thinking about it to write this review is making me crave it so badly. it's just too bad it's a few thousand miles away. the meat was so tender and blackbeans over rice, i'm hooked. i couldn't even finish my plate and i had to walk out of there with my pants unbuttoned. i wanted to keep eating. good thing we packed it up cause it made for great leftovers, even two days later. the bf ordered the chicken and that was really good too. really juicy and full of flavor. YUMMO!! can someone ship me some more ropa vieja to sf please!
Great oxtails!
My travels finally took me to Miami in search for the best cuban sandwich.  Not having a true cuban (made by Cubans or their American descendants) prior to this experience made it hard to establish a point of reference for comparison.  Nevertheless, I ordered the cubano sandwich and had supposedly eaten the best in Miami.  Order the large because I could have eaten two...it's that good (or small).  The sandwich had good body and held in place when picked up.    The ham is mild without the excessive sodium and the roasted pork tender and moist. Very flavorful and robust.  Had a mild pickle that complimented the sandwich without standing out.   The negative lies with the mediocre service as they did only appear motivated to offer perfunctory greeting and thanks other than to Spanish speaking customers.  Maybe they don't like tourists who I am sure sustain their existence.  I don't care much for the 70s wood panel decor as my goal was to track down a great sandwich.  I think I did...
The restaurant looks like an old diner but don't under estimate this place. The food is phenomenal! We got the #63 pork shoulder with rice and Yuka and the Cuban sandwich! It was so good and the portion was pretty good! I highly recommend anyone to check it out.
This place is a diamond in the rough. I've visited here 3 times in the past few years whenever I'm in town and their food has yet to disappoint. On my last visit with my gf's, we pre-ordered their paella. Although they told me over the phone that it would take about 45 minutes to prepare, it did indeed take them an hour and 15 mins, which is the only reason I give them 4 instead of 5 stars. My recommendations: -Paella (requires a pre-order unless you don't mind being at the restaurant for 2+ hours) -Cuban sandwiches -Tres Leches cake (to DIE for) -Cuban coffee (a bit strong, but yummy if you're a coffee lover like me) This place is a definite must-go if you're ever in South Beach.
We came here for lunch and it was ok.  After eating at Versailles, I had high expectations.  I ordered the beef stew, which came with rice and plantains.  It was ok.  I liked the sauce and potatoes that came with stew, but the beef was a little dry.  I also liked the plantains better at Versailles.  I also ordered their homemade iced tea, which tasted like lipton tea, so I was a little disappointed.  Overall, the food was good, but not great.  I've had better...
We decided to try Cuban cuisine while in So. Beach Miami. Our favorite dishes are the Oxtail Stew & Ropa Vieja both served with exquisite fried plantains.
I wanted to try a cortadito and I asked a local where he would go and he recommended Puerto Sagua, it was perfect! I didn't even know what to expect but this dinner/restaurant was super yummy! My boyfriend had an apple pie a la mode with his cortadito and it was soooo good! We would like to come back and try other items on the menu when we have a chance!
Loved this place, oxtail stew is out of this world, fried pork chunks could eats these forever and die happy! Service was fast and friendly (a rarity in Miami).
This place is what I'd call the perfect 'authentic' Cuban place in Miami that won't force you to go to Calle Ocho in Little Havana. I'll start with the service.  Old school.  And I mean old...within our first three minutes of being there, we were greeted and/or helped by three Cuban octogenarians.  I had visions of how these guys probably were there in Havana and escaped during La Revolucion in the late 50's. Second, the ambiance.  There is none.  The ambiance reminds me of an old school diner, complete with drop panel ceiling and fake wood panel wall dressings.  But I have no complaints about this...I'm not paying for the fancy decor and location that I would at Lario's. Third, the food... Wow. Here's the run down of what my wife and I had last night: - Green Plantains - A fantastically good fish soup...overflowing with fish - A bottle of Argentinian Malbec - The Ropa Vieja (Shredded Beef) - A big pot of paella (stocked full of seafood...well worth the 45 minute wait) All of this, including tax and tip...$85. We absolutely will be returning on our next trip to Miami!
The quality of the food is always consistent.  The picadillo is really good.  This place is always open so its a great place for late night dining after a night out. I think food taste better when you're drunk.  So maybe this review isn't so relevant.
I was having a soda at the bar at the Beacon Hotel ($6.00) and asked the bartender, where to go for Cuban Food. She recommended Gloria Estefan's restaurant just down the block. But, the cocktail waitress jumps in and says, "Don't go there. Its fine. But, if you want real Cuban food, there's a little hole in the wall called Puerto Sagua just around the corner." It was great! Fried plantains and Yuca Frito fantastic. The Cuban espresso was a shot of pure adrenalin. I had the pollo asado, my wife had the skirt steak with chimi-churri. The black beans and rice were excellent. Especially with Bello Hot Sauce. It's a scotch bonnet sauce, that was ultra flavorful. Reasonable prices. Oh, and very good flan. Highly recommend Puerto Sagua.
Puerto Sagua is THE go-to for real Cuban food in a dine-in restaurant in SoBe.  Sit at the counter and order a cafecito for the authentic experience.  Enjoy the delicious braised oxtails in sauce or the rich and flavorful arroz con pollo.  Believe it or not, even the fish is actually very good and even the wings!  Wings at a Cuban spot?  Who knew!  Very good and they definitely have that Cuban citrus flair.  Yums!   The service is pretty fast, the food is good, prices are great, especially for SoBe, and portions are perfect.  You'll leave satisfied, but you won't need a takeout box.  That wouldn't exactly be good if you're dropping in for a quick meal before hitting the beach or having a walk around the strip.  I used to live in Miami, and this is the closest thing in SoBe to what I ate when I lived in the city.  It's good, cheap, and fast.  The place looks clean too, which is good.  No frills, just good food fast.  The coffee is excellent too, but it does depend on who you get.  The old guy, ironically, makes horrible coffee.  Be sure to ask for sugar :).  That's what makes it extra delish.  I think I ate here twice and had coffee 3 or 4 times here during my 10 day trip.  The coffee's good and cheap too. Stop in and fill your belly for around $10 or less.
Before arriving here my son got a hot flash, started sweating like crazy in the cab & said he felt like he was gonna throw up. Upon arrival, he jump out the cab and sat on the sidewalk sweating erratically leaving the cab door open, his glasses in the cab so, I ran in and asked for a cup of ice water cause my son didn't feel good. After asking 2 different employees, the guy 1st person I asked decided I guess he will finally after 5mins of me waiting on them...decided to give it to me.  because they paid my panic mode no mind...and I was right in front if the ice machine...it crossed my mine to grab a glass & make a glass of ice water myself!  SMDH OK after my son was ok we came into to restaurant, was seated immediately & our orders were taken. Food came out in a decent time. Needless to say food didn't look at all like the various pictures posted. Smaller dish portions than expected but, filling. Judging by the pics I'm pretty good a selecting a spot w/good food but, this Cuban place was off this day (maybe the cook was different) which is why the food looked so different. I regret not going w/my 1st craving of Cuban Sandwich which is what my son ordered. It was his 1st time experiencing Cuban food & he loved it! My friend & I cut a piece is his sandwich & that's exactly what we should of ordered as well it was very tasty! So don't try the Rajas plate nor the Cuban oxtails if your used to southern style oxtails. Customer service was not good either, after the waitress's brought our order out...she never came back to us to check if we like the food, to offer more refills (by the way...they do not offer FREE refills). My friend like the Arnold Palmer & my Sangria was not sweet enough. We had to look for her & ask her to come over then we just asked other employees to assist us w/checking out before leaving, since she abandoned our table. Word to the wise call in your CUBAN SANDWICH TO GO!
The grouper was GREAT, crispy and not cover up by an overbearing sauce!   During my vacation from Fort Lauderdale to Key West I was searching for good fish and just good food period!  Each restaurant failed and a few places that did not meet my expectations especially for the price...  but this place was the best!  It was a casual spot with good food and good service.  I even came back and had the roasted chicken which was moist and also a winner. But skip the sangria which was too light and extremely watery.
Not sure what happened to us but this place was a major major letdown. I saw all the reviews and had really high hopes. This place was packed but we got seated quickly. I should have known that something was wrong when we got the bread. Tasted stale and terrible. I hadn't had cuban food before so I ordered a safe fish sandwich. It had no flavor at all. I had to add tons and tons of hot sauce to get any taste. Was pricey and the service was okay I guess. I should have gotten a signature Cuban dish. The best part of the lunch for me was the water.
Great Cuban sandwiches!
I ve been to Miami three times and I made sure that I make time to come here. I always get oxtail stew, fried pork chunk, and grond beef with their rice, of course. All you need to worry about is how you must finish and savor these amazing dishes as mucb as you can without deteriorating your chances of getting into Mansion or LIV. (Bloatings and bodycon dresses dont go together) Please do yourself a favor and enjoy this AMAZING restaurant when ur in Miami. I cant wait to go back.
It has been 4 months since I have been in Miami and I have not stopped thinking about the ox tail stew..... Shi7 was bombbbbb... Last time I was there I saw the dude from Don Jon ... joesph gordon levitts?? just chilling with his crew...   going back for that ox tail in a week or so... damn I am a fatt... @$$
You know you're at an amazing Cuban spot when you notice the slight subtleties of flavors when compared to others. Personal favorites: Ropa Vieja, Picadillo A La Criolla, fried pork chunks, and Cuban sandwich.  Even the rice and plantains had immense flavors.  I also ordered freshly squeezed mango juice which was very good. This was our first time and I will be back each time I visit Miami.  It's a must go to spot!
I got the ropa vieja which is my fav cuba dish.  It was good and so were the side plantains. White rice though? Where's my beans and rice? WHERE?
Very Yum!  This place was packed but we were able to get a seat fairly quickly.  Small place lots of waiters but still seem like they're a little slow....no biggie though.   Too many items on the menu so we ordered the special 1.) ground beef with rice, beans, plantains. 2.) chicken with rice, beans, plantains. The beef was deliciously spiced and the beans were delicious as well.  Plantains were soft and caramelized, almost served as dessert for us.  The chicken was good but was a little cold and therefore dry.  I can understand that they probably cooked all the chicken in the morning and they have to pump out the special frequently BUT i still think the chicken should be fresh and therefore more warm and tender. With that minor nit pick, I definitely would come back and try some other dishes or even the same ground beef dish especially considering the special were like $9.
Totally satisfying standards -- I've had the Cubano, the picadillo, the ropa -- all great (if slightly mildly spiced) versions. Perfect for South Beach, where style often takes over for substance. This is great, delicious, reasonable. The apps are a mixed bag -- I thought the Tamal was pretty boring and not great -- but even if something doesn't dazzle, it won't kill your pocketbook. Strongly recommend the counter -- fits the food better. This is superb diner food.
This gets five stars because they nailed it with some of my favorite Spanish dishes. Yelped this place. Impressive 900 something reviews. The place is half old school diner style counter half sit down restaurant. Came here for lunch and the place was packed. No place to sit down at the counter and there was a line for a table. The line was pretty fast though. FOOD 1. Croquetas. YUM Must have. I haven't had croquetas since Spain and they got it perfectly! 2. Empanadas. They were so tasty. I think I preferred the pork over the beef one. 3. Ox Tail Stew: DELICIOUS. My first time eating it was in Granada, Spain ( it was a specialty there.) Little hesitant when I first tried it, but I do think it was worth a try..and I liked it! New things, worth a try. It's really good here. Served with RICE, the white rice was good I think they add butter or something to it. Also came with plantains which is popular Cuban food apparently. 4. Ropa Vieja: Is what this place is known for. But I liked the Ox Tail a lot better. Also came with bread and butter. Bread was light and crunchy. Also yummy. Sangria was good and had fruit in it. Overall loved the place!
Just walk back to the condo from having a delicious lunch here. I had been here before and almost forgot about it; thanks Yelp for the reminder.   All my visits to Puerto Sagua have been great. The location is in the midst of tons of tourists, great shopping and 1 block from the beach. When visiting Miami Beach make Tia point to have a meal here. It is very authentic and damn tasty. The bread you get before you order is freshly toasted so it is still warm when you get it. Service is good and basic, not over the top but not bad. It is just right.   My favorite dish is the oxtail stew. It comes w rice (it think lightly buttered) and sweet fried plantains. I am sure no matter what you choose you will be pleased. If I were not leaving in the morning I would go back and try the breakfast. Since I was walking I was not thinking of left overs so I ate my whole dish.  Now I am so full I need a nap! That is good eating.
This place sucks!
One of the Best spots that serves Arroz Con Pollo .  . Awesome Cuban Food.. A must .. When attending the Winter Music Conference...
Delicious! We researched this on yelp while visiting from Houston, Texas. Its definitely reasonably priced. I had the oxtail with a side of rice and plantains. The whole meal was 12.00 only! Best deal and close to the beach. The staff was incredibly friendly. I really enjoyed this place, the old hole in the wall setting, and the outstanding food. They don't separate checks, so if you're going with a big group, its best to bring cash!
Shamelessly ate here three days in a row during a Miami visit.  SoBe location can't be beat. Prices are great. Food is authentic. Given the high volume of traffic this restaurant gets, the staff was also friendly and had high energy. The only awful part about all of this was that I didn't get to go a fourth or fifth or sixth....time. Needless to say, this will be a go-to spot every time I'm in Miami.
The Midnight Sandwich might be the best Sandwich I have ever had.
Like at home
My favorite Cuban restaurant in SoBe.  Love the old feel to it.  The food is really good.  We had the chicken steak which was perfect.  I really don't get why they put a stack of onions on top of it though.  It came with rice and beans which got quickly gobbled up.  The sangria here is really good as well.  They put the fruit in your cup and not in the bottle where the sangria is.  This is a nice touch as you get more sangria! Also try the cuatro leche dessert...yes that's right I said CUATRO.
Very solid meal.   Deb had the roasted chicken with beans and plantains.  Excellent I had Cuban sandwich.  very good Andie. Shrimp with garlic sauce.  Very good Lj. Chicken steak with onions outstanding Started with green plantains.  Very good.  Really like this place and very good prices.   Would definitely go back as there is much more exciting stuff to try.
Prices are a little high. Pan Lechon was amazing, the onions were cooked in mojo(garlic sauce) and were out of this world tasty. Also had a double espresso, it was so SO good Had the bread pudding for dessert but it was just OK.
The food was Good but not Great !!!
ropa vieja and oxtail stew -- both delicious! the meat was so tender and slipped right off the bone! both meals came with side of rice and plaintains. the staff was welcoming and very nice! as for their empanadas, they were okay, not the best.
This is a very diner-like, old school restaurant. It was packed every time i passed it so that was a good sign. They take your order with pieces of paper, which turns out to be your receipt at the end so if I was you, i would recheck their math and recheck that they did not charge you extra. Their seafood is really expensive which is like a lot of places in Miami beach but since the restaurant was old and kind of dirty, i would not pay close to $40 for lobster or over $20 for good fish. Their Sangria is a good deal and taste very good. I went with a group and we got the grilled tilapia, fried king fish, and 3 different types of omelets. Everything was very good, however, for how expensive everything was, i expected larger portions but i was let down. Do not get the french fries, they are sub par. And everyone in my group that had the Fried King Fish special and the tilapia puked the very next morning so I would avoid the fish if i ever go back. Our bill turned out to be $240 including gratuity between seven people. Not bad, but again, the portions were small for that high of a price and the taste was not $20 seafood worthy. If you want a nice meal, go to Lincoln.
Landed in Miami at 10:00, got to hotel 10:30. Met my friend who had just posted on Facebook he found this great Cuban place called Puerto Sagua. We walked by all the highly marketed pushy places on Ocean. Then cut over a block and passed Puerto Sagua. No way he'd want to go back and sit while I ate. He did. This is what it is all about. Reminds me of a Cuban Tony's Jacal (best Mexican in San Diego). Ordered fried pork chunks as an app. So tasty. And grilled grouper and grilled shrimp for entree. Total bill, including tip and one beer for him and one for me - $58. Not bad at all.
So good, it deserved TWO visits on a four day trip...shabang! Visit 1: as guided by Yelpers, this was our target dinner joint the first night of an extended weekend trip with the wife and a friend/couple...restaurant was comfortably busy, but tables turned relatively quickly. Many of the reviews pointed to the #1, a stewed beef/garlic dish that was SO tasty and wonderful.  Washed it all down with a chilled Presidente, while the Mrs. enjoyed a sangria to accompany her fantastic grilled grouper (I know because she MADE me try some :-) ).  Tables are all very close together, so it brings a great vibe and sense of community to this very rustic joint.  The wood paneling is certainly the throw-back look. Visit 2:  last night in SoBe, strolled for that random, gotta get someting to eat, as long as it wasn't the TGIF's on Ocean (or anything on Ocean, AKA "all places will grab you with alcoholism-inducing drink 'specials')...we strolled up Collins and voila, there was Peurto Sagua, beckoning us for one more try!   We were very hungry (and it was 11:30 on a Sunday night) so we had very big eyes...went not as Cuban this time around, while I snagged the huge Turkey sandwich and fried Yuca (probably the highlight), the Mrs. snagged a medium Cuban sandwich with fries.  All the food arrived very quickly and blazingly hot (Yuca, fries)...I'm drooling just recapping our visit!  After a 5 second compiliation, we HAD to get the Cuatro Leche...glad I don't eat much of that or else I'd have severe horizontal expansion issues. Can't wait to try breakfast...they open at 7:30!
Try the vaca frita!  U won't regret it
The service sucks here!!  BUT the food really good.  we ordered oxtail stew & pulled beef.   Both was my favorite and they both come with rice and plantains.  Also they are not that $$
I went off by the reviews on this site and I would have to strongly disagree. This place was horrible. Not authentic Cuban Food.
Puerto Sagua is one of those classic Miami Beach icons.  I have been going here since I was 5 and they consistently serve good Cuban food at decent prices.  The service is usually friendly, although they are usually packed so don't expect fast service if you're at a table; I would recommend sitting at the bar if you just want a quick bite to eat.  The atmosphere is super casual and laid-back and a good option for Cuban food at the beach.
I ate here once during my stay in Miami, but I took food to go twice.  The food is delicious here.  The Cuban sandwiches are yummy for the beach and the plane; the breaded steak was too good for words.  This is the type of spot where  locals go, the prices are good, and tourists such as myself are happy to stumble upon.  If I lived close by, I'd eat here often. This place is not fancy, but it's authentic.  Check it out if you want to eat well.
OMG! This place was packed when I visited. Which in my opinion is a good sign of the quality of food. It was a little hectic trying to get a table and service is a little scarce and slow. However, the food makes up for any short comings of the service and or crowd.
I love this place, great place to eat amazing food with great portions at awesome prices.!.
If you arent going to go to little havana. This is the next best thing and it has to be the best Cuban food on the beach just look at the tables full of locals.
Stopped in here twice. I ordered a chicken plate with white rice which was really tasty... .my husband on the other hand ordered just yellow rice and it was mushy :(   Second visit we stopped in for brunch. My eggs were on the greasy side and he ordered Ox Tail and enjoyed it thoroughly.... Dependable place though and clean.
I'm not sure how everyone arrived at their reviews but this is the worst meal I've had in a long time.  The avocado salad was just cut up avocado on wilted lettuce, the plantains were deep fried, hard and I actually did not really taste the plantains.  The fish special was dry and salty so I asked for chicken, which was somewhat oily and dry as well, also not sure exactly what made it Cuban. We really should have walked out and found something much better...
Oxtail is all I have to say!! My boyfriend got one of the steaks & it was meh. The empanadas could've been skipped but if you decide to visit this restaurant definitely get the oxtail!!I would go back just for that.
Everytime I go to South Beach, I often visit this spot.  It's right off of Collins and 8th St.  Great food, fast service, and exceptionally inexpensive.   Everyone knows that South Beach restaurants are expensive..  not this one.  It's a hidden gem. A definite suggested place to eat if you are in the area.
If you like diners this is the Cuban equivalent. Good, cheap staples. I eat here everytime I visit Miami for authentic, consistent Cuban cuisine.
Puerto Sagua was one of my favorite restaurants when I visited Miami. I came here a couple times. I had the ropa vieja and it was very tender. I also had the cafe con leche, cortadito (amazing!), and the beef empanadas.  Service was always quick and friendly.  It's definitely a place I would come back to!
Miami isn't exactly a culinary capital, but Puerto Sagua is one place that will satisfy your tummy with one thing that Miami capitalizes aside from their white sand and clear blue waters: Cuban food. This place was actually first recommended by  a Miami local on a trip I took last year, so I had to check it out. The first time I came, I ordered the Cuban sandwich. It was good but not extraordinary. It was more like a ham and cheese sandwich instead of having real chunks of pork. The most recent/second time that I came, I ordered the Cuban hamburger and the iced Cuban espresso with milk. The second time was completely different than my first visit and completely surpassed my mediocre memories. If my first experience was better, I'd probably be giving this place 4 stars. The Cuban hamburger was a dense but flavorful patty made of ground beef, chorizo, and onions. It was placed on a perfectly golden bun with a layer of potato sticks (that crunchy potato stick snack that we enjoyed oh so much in our younger days). It was a very simple burger with minimal ingredients but was bursting with flavor. The iced Cuban espresso with milk was also very good. It was refreshing, strong, and the perfect level of sweetness. The ice cold drink woke me up with its intense coffee flavor and quenched my thirst on the hot Miami day. When my friends and I came for lunch, there was a long line extending out the door. The line moved quickly, and we only had to wait a max of 5 minutes. You can either sit at the counter when you first enter or opt for regular table service. The place was very busy, but our waitress was very friendly. The service was quick, and our food came out in no time. I was also pleasantly surprised to receive warm bread with salted butter upon ordering. Puerto Sagua is a casual, local spot with delicious Cuban food. It has a family-owned business feel. The decor is a bit outdated with criss-crossed wooden wall dividers and colorful pictures adorning the walls and tables. The prices are very good. My burger was $4.75 but was filling. If you're going to Miami, definitely check this place out.
Puerto Sagua is a nice spot for Cuban food in a diner-esque environment.  I appreciated the quick friendly service.   Only complaint is that the croquettas may or may not have been frozen - either way they were not my favorite.
OMG!!!  This place is great!!  I ordered the Vieja Ropa with black beans and rice...YUM!!!  Service was super fast and friendly.  This restaurant is right around the corner from my hotel so I had intended on coming here first thing when I got to Miami a few days ago, but didn't go there until today...which was actually a good thing because I probably would've come here everyday instead of trying different area restaurants.  I think I'll stop by after I get back from my cruise on Monday...spending a few more hours in SoBe before going back home!!!
Loved this place. The food is excellent and at a great price. My girlfriends and I thought they were good enough to go back a second time on our trip. The Cuban sandwiches were wonderful and so was the ropa vieja. A great perk was that this place is only a couple blocks from the beach. So we could get an excellent meal and then walk to the beach for some relaxing.
First time having Cuban food and I was instantly hooked. Nestled on Collins Ave, a fairly busy street on South Beach, Puerto Sagua stood out amongst neighboring restaurants and shops. On a weekend trip to Miami, I was finally able to try Puerto Sagua on the second try since finding parking the first time was impossible [I was lucky the second time around]. Open all day from 7am-2am, Puerto Sagua is constantly busy and filled with locals and tourists alike waiting to find a seat. I ordered the oxtail stew and half chicken in Spanish sauce. Both meals came with rice and plantains. The chicken was very tender and as flavorful as the Spanish sauce, a tomato-based sauce. The oxtail stew stood out for me. The stew was very rich and the meat fell of the bone. Exactly how a perfect stew should be. Those visiting South Beach should not miss Puerto Sagua.
3 1/2 stars.  This place is good but not amazing.  Guess I've had a lot of Cuban food.  Or at least a lot of really great Cuban food.  And it wasn't just me, all my friends and I agreed on this.   We ordered the oxtail stew, the ropa vieja, fish soup, a chicken dish (I forget which one), some sangria and ended with tres leche.  The oxtail soup was probably the best thing which came in at a 3 1/2.  Really fatty but that's the style with Cuban.  The chicken was the worst.  Overcooked and chewey.  Like a 2.  Everything else a 3.  Not amazing but not terrible.  The tres leche on the other hand is outstanding.  Really good.  Like something you'd get at a really nice dessert shop like Serendipity.  I was pretty amazed.  But otherwise, if this is the best Cuban food in Miami Beach, we're a long way from Cuba.
Excellent service and oxtail!!!!
Great locals spot. Just as I remember Miami dining when I lived down here as a kid. Great service and authentic food. Must have: sweet plantains.
Four milk cake rocks! Also the ground beef with rice, beans and plantains! An extremely interesting place to be!
Good food for an even better price. Went for lunch, very small almost southern cafe feeling to the place. Ordered the Cuban sandwich with a presidente, hard to go wrong.
Delicious Cuban food. Shredded beef good, sangrias great. Fried yucca good! Not a tourist trap.
Best... Best... Best Cuban Restaurant...... Everything is sooooo delicious!!! But please try their specialties... specially the "Ox-Tail" dish...... yummmyyyy....
Like this place needs another review. Get over yourself and get in there, great food, great people, food the way it was meant to be.
Wednesday and Sunday Special - Ox Tail Stew, order a side of black beans.  The best.  Been eating here since the 80s.
Visiting from CT.. was looking for authentic Cuban food. JACKPOT!!! I ordered Ropas Viejas with white rice and black beans. Oh my was it delicious. My honey ordered roasted chicken, black beans and fried platanos.. fall off the bone tender. I must warn the dining room is "cozy" and make sure you remember your car license plate number to use the pay meter.
So having grown up eating cuban food (though I am not cuban), I think I know good cuban vs bad cuban.  I would say this is 4 star cuban. I had the tostones and a pan con bistec (steak sandwich), and both were very well done. For the price, and the quality, I'd say this place is a great deal. Definitely know I'll stop in here again for something to satisfy my hunger in the future.
Does the restaurant need anymore positive reviews? Delicious authentic Cuban food for a reasonable price - The chicken stew was fantastic!  Don't forget to try the plantains and the black beans too. Besides the perfect food ,our server was fabulous !!! Extremely friendly , patient and attentative. Puerto Sagua is a hidden gem in SoBe
I'm glad we stopped by Peurto Sagua. I was looking forward to this place We ordered the Ropa Vieja, Cuban Sandwich, and the crispy plantains. The food was good and it came right away. I don't think I'm too fond of crispy plantains, though, but I'm glad we tried it anyway
Food was great, big portions and very tasty! If we lived here, we would all come back. Service was ok, our waitress had no personality, but that's the only complaint. And my last complaint was that they did not have arroz con pollo?? If I wanted something similar to that it takes 45 min to cook... it must be good, but I didn't have time to try it. It's a very casual place, so you don't have to dress up. You will not be disappointed!!
Good food, horrible service! Came in on a rainy Sunday morning with a friend. Service started off okay, the older guy serving as the host was friendly and seated us quickly.  Water was also brought out quickly but after that service completely fell off.  It was a good 20 minutes before a waitress finally came over and asked us if we wanted anything.  After she finally took the order she didn't get it right. I asked for a Cuban sandwich and a side of yellow rice and what she gave me was a Cuban sandwich and another separate entree of yellow rice and a chicken. Why she would think I would want two entrees during one meal I will never know. After receiving the food the waitress was pretty much nonexistent, never checked to see how we were doing, never offered to refill water, never brought extra napkins, didn't even bother to come back with the check, I had to ask another waitress to handle all of those things. So service was flat out horrible. Food on the other hand was good, the yellow rice I wanted was excellent, great flavor, excellent consistency just about perfect, the accompanying chicken that I didn't want was dry and flavorless. Cuban sandwich was also good, nicely cooked meat, nice sauce, only problem was the bread was a bit too much for the amount of meat provided. Puerto Sagua, keep it up with the food preparation but you've go to work on the service, I would not return because of how poor the service was.
Most likely the best cuban food restaurant on the beach!!! Definitely good food, portions are good for sharing, and it's very economical. Plus the service is good and QUICK!!! I recomend it to all my friends who visit Miami. Great! Now I'm craving some vaca frita!!! Guess I know where I'm heading for din din tonight!!!
A nice casual place to go for Cuban food.  I had the Pork Shoulder - I believe it was #63 on the menu. The pork was tender, although a bit greasy.  Tasty, but not the tastiest I have ever had.  The rice they served with the plate was mixed with beans.   I preferred the white rice they served with the shredded beef. Although our waitress was attentive, the host (an older gentleman with a pot belly and white hair) was not very friendly.  He was standing next to me so I turned and politely asked him for some ice water.  He looked at me, and without saying a word, pointed to our waitress.  You can interpret that however you wish. All in all, solid food, reasonably priced and they were able to accommodate our party of 8.
Food: Great Service: Great Ambiance: Very informal Price: Reasonable, in fact better than restaurants nearby Day 1: Sangria: Best we have had anywhere. Do not miss this. Tamale: Appetizer portion - delicious Fish soup: Felt hearty - little too salty though. Pork croquet: Average Paella: It was too salty for our taste and was almost burning our tongue. But we could tell the flavor was great. Cuban coffee with milk: Very good. Overall some negatives but the flavor was good enough so we went back. Day 2: Sangria: We went back for Sangria. So delicious. Tamale: Appetizer portion - as tasty as the last time Pulled pork sandwich: I thought it was delicious, DH thought it could use some sauce. I would order this again! Tres Leches Cake: Amazing! Definitely would have been a repeat order had we tried this on day 1. Also, one reviewer was mugged near this place so we were a bit worried about going here. We did not feel unsafe in the neighborhood. We walked from Ocean Drive and crossed to Collins on the 7th St. That was good. It is possible parts of Collins is unsafe but Ocean drive and Intersection of 6th and 7th on Collins felt ok.
the food was average. tasted like boiled meat with lots of seasoning. nothing to rave about for sure. at least the prices were decent.
Now boys and girls...chicas y chicos...this is good food. Plenty of vegetarian options, got the iced coffee to wash it down. I swear every table had someone drinking the iced coffee at it. The food was so good. I can't pinpoint exactly what I had but I remember it being tasty. It gets crowded but the wait won't be too long because there are plenty of tables.
Excellent!   The highlight of my Miami trip.   If you are hungry and looking for some great  Cuban comfort food that isn't froo-froo and high priced like you'll find a block away on the famous Ocean Drive in the Art Deco District, please check out Puerto Sagua on Collins. more details later...
Unquestionably the best place for a cheap good meal on South Beach. Great atmosphere: sit at the counter and you'll have a old cuban dude sippin' on some soup to your left and a hottie right off the beach in her bikini slurping on a milkshake to your right. So hang out on the beach, take a break for lunch at Puerto Sagua (try a traditional cuban sandwich with a side of pantains) and then hit the beach again wth a full tummy and some money left in your wallet.
My waitress was just so sweet with such a friendly smile. The host who sat us seemed grumpy but the waitress made us forget that. I had the ropa which was very tender and my husband had the oxe tails that he completely finished. The bread pudden was way too much in rum but, I don't drink so someone who does may love it. The  four milk cake was so good.. It's a must have.. Enjoy this restaurant on Miami beach!!
The best bang for your buck in the area.  We loved the ropa vieja, ox tail and Cuban sandwich!!  We plan to go again!
Yelp let us down in this case. Not sure what the hype was all about. This place was a crowded diner with mediocre food and tight seating. We ordered the empenadas for our appetizer. They were cold and not fresh. Tasted like the frozen kind you get in the box and microwaved. I had the shredded beef, comes with rice and sweet plantains. My wife had the chicken platter with a pile of grilled onions plopped on top with black beans and rice. The food was flavored well, but totally underwhelmed in presentation and sides. Why do Latin restaurants think they can get away with throwing some plantains on a plate with some rice and charge 20 bucks for a plate? I don't get it...I've had some great Latin food and you have to bring your A game with me. Don't be fooled by the reviews on this one guys.
Nice yummy Cuban restaurant, about a block away from all the touristy spots in SoBe. We came here a couple of times (for lunch and then at 1-2am after a night out), and the food was consistently good. It gets crowded, but the service is great and really fast. The chicken here is juicy and tender, and the fried plantains are delicious. The shredded beef is also good. The portions are large and filling, and reasonably priced. Boyfriend wanted to come here again, and we probably would have if we stayed another night.
The sauce on the shrimp enchilido was amazingly spicy, which is a-ok by me! Pouring the sauce over the rice was a suculent treat to go with the very tender shrimp. Ambiance is very home-style diner, but the wait staff seam way too over worked.
I was so nervous when I saw people milling about the restaurant -- I thought we would have a wait of an hour to get in for lunch! But, we got seated immediately, the waitress came fast, the food came even faster.  I ordered the 1/2 roasted chicken, which came with rice, beans, and possibly the best fried plantains I have ever had.  My husband and son had the steak, which looked leathery and tough, but they did say was delicious.  I loved my café con leche - the best I had on vacation.  Can't wait to return. So authentic. It seemed as if I was eating in a historically-significant place. Not sure we were, but it was excellent Cuban food.
I don't want to state anything more than the fact that this ordinary looking place has amazing Cuban food. The best you could get!
DELICIOUS Cuban food! Oxtail Stew is a must try! it comes with rice and very authentic. The grilled tilapia is also really good! Iced cuban espresso with milk is the best!! and the Cortadito ..which is a little hot cup of coffee.. pretty strong. The potato balls are yummy! and the fried yukon! Glad my friends and I tried this place. We actually came back here 3 times during our visit in Miami.
Are you in South Beach? Do you like Cuban food? Are you a fan of good food with reasonable prices? Puerto Sagua is the answer. Authentic Cuban food. This is a very simple and small restaurant located in SoBe Miami. There is nothing pretentious or fancy about this place. You are not going to be impressed by their decor. Everything is old and kinda trashy (in some way or another). However once you try their food you will come back for more. The bar area reminds me of 50's / 60's. Crowded, noisy, you gotta wait to be seated because the place is always packed; but once you got your spot, they have quick service which is always a plus. Our group had Fried Yuca as an appetizer. They carry President Beer which I really like. Our main dishes: Ropa Vieja and Roasted Pork Shoulder with some platanos and moros and cristianos (rice and black beans cooked together) and more yuca. So yummy and delicious comfort Cuban food. The food tastes like homemade. The portions are huge and we had to ask for some doggie bags. ;-) Prices are cheap. A very good deal in SoBe. The food is so much better than other "fancy" Cuban places in town. Come hungry..leave happy!
Hands down the best meal I had in SOBE and I ate A LOT while I was there! I'm just disappointed that the Cuban food in Chicago is not as nearly as good.  I tried the roasted pork dish back in '08 and craved it until I had it again this past weekend. The place was packed so we sat at the counter. The service was great, the food even better, and the bill cheap.
Yelped to find this place during a couple-day visit to South Beach.  The friend yuca was amazing, some of the best I've had (up there with Africa and Central America).  Unfortunately, the chicken main course was pretty dry.  The rice and beans were good but not great.  I'd maybe give it another shot, but the food was nothing special.
Went on Yelp recommendations and was not disappointed. Fantastic food and great service. Would go back.
Simply not amazed with this place. If you want to pay $15-$20 for rice and beans and a salty dish, then this can be an option. The service is irregular, sometimes you might get good service, sometimes you won't. But then again, it might be the best place to get some cuban food at the beach.
Came here for a simple diner style breakfast. Eggs, ham and hashbrowns. Comes with coffee + orange juice + toats. But I added a larger OJ. $14 in total. But good hand made ingredients, including freshly squeezed OJ.
Disappointed after hearing the raved reviews about this place. Went during dinner and this place was packed. Ordered the ropa vieja. Dry and too chewy for my taste. Left the establishment with an upset tummy. On the otherhand, the tres leche dessert was pretty delicious.
Had I known how expensive this place was, I would have  rather eaten at Larios on the Beach with an Ocean view.  They are OK. The Restaurant looks really ordinary and plain, oh, but don't let the casual and crowded environment fool you, they are expensive.  Terribly over priced ( welcomed to Miami) It was good, but nothing amazing.  I ordered the chicken half with tomato. It was alright. I have had better Cuban food. According to my husband, the  Cuban rice and beans were amazing. He also said the Fried Pork chunks were really good.   Overall, I was not a fan, but my husband was and he said it was the best Cuban food he's had in Miami. I wont return, ill make him go alone next time.
So I'm from California and had no basis for Cuban food but this place had amazing food and really friendly service. The prices are insane because you get so much food for so little. The place is really relaxed even though it it is in the middle of south beach. I recommend the cuban sandwich and asking your server for what they recommend.
We came here twice while staying in South Beach. Very authentic Cuban food at reasonable prices. Close to the main strip, it's great to go after the beach or a shopping break. It can be crowded, and the servers are nice but not overly friendly or fast. We split the Mariscada - all seafood paella, a salad, 1/2 bottle of wine and tostones (fried plantain), with tip it was less than $60. The cassava is good (creamy) and the mojo sauce for the tostones is addicting.  Finish with a cortado (Cuban espresso) and you will be happy. I had wanted more mariscos in the Mariscada, but it's enough for the price. 2 of us couldn't finish one order.
Visited: Lunch Well technically being on vacation...our lunch was actually breakfast and breakfast was at 4pm after loungin on the beach for a few hours :-) Definitely starving by the time we got to the place.  I'll tell you it was packed to the rim in there.  Surprisingly the wait was only b/w 5-10 minutes and we were ready to go.   Bare with me as I have no memory of what the items were called ha. Ordered a shrimp cocktail...with waaay too much garlic flavor.  Yes I'm a fan but it didn't sit too well later. Ordered a marinated chicken dish......way tender! Craved a second portion that same night, but sadly never made it. Ordered the Puerto Sagua...the steak...wasn't too fancy.  Wouldn't recommend as it was a bit tough and dry.   Ordered the marinated Beef though...very tasty with a good kick to the sauce.   Would come back here for that chicken....should have gotten one to go in hindsight, but oh well...save it for Miami next time! Price wasn't too bad as most hovered around $10-13.   Plenty of seating which was needed for such a popular place.   With the 50/50 of our dishes...maybe we didn't order the proper items for a Cuban restaurant, but i'll give it another shot next time.
We were recently travelling with a large group in Miami and after a weekend full of expensive meals and partying, Puero Sagua was just what the doctor ordered! You've got to love that on a Sunday at 10pm the place is rockin'! I had one of the specials, fried grouper, and it was great. The forgot to bring me my side salad...but with so much other food, it was not missed. We got a order of yuca to start for the table and it was the hit! I've been here many times, and its always good throw down cuban fare.  How can you go wrong with milenesa and maduros?! A must stop when you are on the beach and want some great traditional food at a reasonale price.
Busy restaurant although great service! I personally not too crazy about the rope viejo everyone bragged about but the rest of our order were delicious! I especially love the fried yuca! My husbands favor was fried grouper! We will definitely recommend this restaurant & come back next time when we are in the South Beach!
Yep, been here...It has the atmosphere of a busy bus station, but in a good way.  There's a constant hustle and bustle, like an old diner. The food was great given the price.  Definitely worth a quick meal.
Authentic cuban food! I got the oxtail stew twice in the 4 days I was in Miami. It comes with plantain and beans/rice. Service is friendly and food comes out fast. Beer is 5 bucks even imported ones. The oxtail stew had alot of flavor and there was a decent amount of meat. Try the sauces on the side, gives it a kick.
This mom-n-pops eatery truly looks the part yet the long lines are a testament to the quality of the menu...as long as you know what to order. While my fried beef was bland and nothing spectacular, my partner's chicken made the night. I found amusing the condiment selection complete with two de-labelled Heinz bottles -- one with bright orange liquid and the other what appeared to be Italian dressing, the latter being a correct estimate. The first, I found out later, was French dressing. ...and now you know.
When we were looking up places that were mandatory to go to in South Beach, this place kept popping up. Great place for scrumptious and athentic Cuban food. The black beans served with rice were mouth watering. We also ordered Paellas, our first time, and they were great. I finished mine and I found myself stealing some off my boyfriend's plate! Everything was great! The decor was sort of antique-ish for my taste. The ketchup was so hard to get out of the glass bottle, when my BF hit it from the bottom, it splashed all over me and my white over the shoulder top! Ahaha! But I will definately go again and steer clear of the ketchup bottles!
inexpensive (esp for the area!) yummy cuban food in a 50s diner. we had the beef tongue stew w/ rice and plantains (*drool*), cuban sandwich (ham, pork, cheese, pickles, mustard all slathered on a giant french bread), ham croquette (very hammy, tasty), and fried yuca (freshly fried, cheesy potato-ish). if you wanna get the infamous paella it takes 45 minutes so plan ahead! lives up to the good reviews :)
this place has been in miami-beach forever. i allways  thought the food was pretty good one of the last times my chicken milanese only o.k. (i had a better one somewhere else in miami where it was $5 cheaper) but the last time i went with 3 friends i did not like my food at all (i had the liver) and none of my friends did either like davids cafe i feel like its slipping
Been here a few times while in Miami!!!!! Never disappointed. Great food, good service, and fast!!!
Our bus driver to the Everglades recommended this Cuban place.  It wasn't too far from where we were staying so we decided to give it a try.  Since Miami is super expensive, this restaurant gives your wallet a break for decent food.  I ordered the shredded beef plate.  Plantains were sweet and mushy, good flavors but I like them a bit firmer.  And the beef had really good flavors too but it was kind of tough and overcooked.  Everyone else liked their food.  Then everybody ordered desserts.  The flan was good, but the cheese flan or the rice pudding I didn't care for much.   We came back later that night per the other girls' requests for a snack.  I ended up getting a empanada which came from those heated lamp shleves....didn't look too tempting and it wasn't.  It was dry with too much dough and not enough filling..even the chimichurri sauce couldn't save it.  The ones next to my house are 10x better mmmm....and the guava pastry...dry dry dry and NOT flaky.  I thought started to crave Portos.  MMMMMMMMMM......
big fan of their spinach empanadas. Great rice and black beans. Real cuban flavor. Great prices & great food. Can't wait to go back and try more!
This restaurant was recommended to me by all the locals of the surrounding area.  Definitely the best value in south beach hands down.  I ordered the pollo asada con arroz y maduros (roasted chicken with rice, beans, and plantains).  The rice was very tasty as was the whole dish.  They gave me some of their pressed Cuban bread with butter also.  I polished the meal off with a cortadito before setting out to the beach.  All this cost less than $10.
Puerto Sagua is a great "touristy" spot in South Beach for a good latin meal. The "diner style" atmosphere makes it feel like a comfy little restaurant. The meals are delicious, yet still doesn't compare to mom's cooking. Overall, it's a great spot for a meal that's not too expensive. The prices are reasonable, and the location is perfect for a snack after a day at the beach. The only drawback is the parking. In general, parking in Miami Beach is a pain... but there are plenty of garages and public lots nearby within walking distance.
omgeeeeee!!!!!! You have to try this place. The food is delightful!!! The flavor sits in you mouth long after you swallow. The portions are huge!! I have tasted many dishes and all were very good. The wait staff is courteous and good. Everyone I have taken here to eat have gone back daily during their 4 to 5 day stay. Enjoy!!!
Wow. Holy crap!! That was good. You should order the oxtail and ordering in spanish. Tengo un gato en mis pantalones!! Unpretentious and most highly recommended. So good I ate there 2 times the 5 days I was in South Beach.
SoBe, Oh SoBe you bring me here for Cuban Food. There used to be A LOT more Cuban restaurants on SoBe (Raffi's, El Viajante Segundo, etc...) that are no more.  Puerto Sagua is one of the old school places left. The fried yuca is AMAZING. The red snapper dish is GREAT. The steak palomilla mouth watering and simple, the ropas vieja is incredibly tasty. I have never ordered anything bad here. The cuban sandwiches are amazing, and the best is the tres leches cake. I've loved this cake so much, that I've made it before (get ready for half a handle of rum to make the three milk part :)
deeeeeeeeelish!  yuuuum.  i remember that the ropa vieja was so so good.  best cuban food i've ever had!  this place isn't fancy or pretentious like some of the other places in south beach, but it has some good homecookin'!   this place is also very reasonably priced for south beach.  thanks to yelp, my friends and i had a great meal for a great price!  i'd definitely come back here the next time i'm in miami.
Delicious!
Truth be told. All reviews stating that it's a Cuban version of Denny is correct. Don't let the diner outside fool you though. There is plenty of room in the sitting area. The fried potato ball and empanadas were good. My friends had the pork chop which was good, another the quarter chicken which was delicious. The tamale was not very good. Major downside was that it took our waiter forever to bring everything. He took my card went somewhere then came back to the table behind us and took their order. Then picked up a check at another table all before he ran my card.
Good Cuban food, a little pricey compared with other Cuban Joints, however, this is located in the heart of South beach. The portions are good and service is quick.  This place gets filled up quickly so finding a seat may be an issue.
Not nearly as impressive as any one of the shoddy restaurants to choose from on the ocho the water tasted strange... the food quality was not noteworthy and the prices were high for a dumpy place... go to david's
Don't go anywhere else for a Cuban sandwich...you'll only be disappointed compared to this place.  My wife also got the porkchop and it was unreal how good it was.  The diner atmosphere is really cool here too. It's worth the trip to Miami just for this place!
I wasn't particularly fond of this place and the Cuban sandwich was just ok.................not the best...............
I'm not sure what to expect of Cuban food but this place was pretty good. We had the Ox tail And the beef both of which were good. Li would say the oxtail is better...although I don't like the name
I can't believe people are giving this place 4 stars! I have been here more times that I would have liked 'cause my aunt from NY loves cheap, greasy food. The food is so greasy you feel sick afterwards. They use poor quality ingredients and their food is always overcooked. I have had pretty much everything on the menu. The ONLY thing I like about this restaurant is the portion size! I love it when they serve me a lot of food. However, do I want a LOT of food I don't like? Not really. They should cut down the menu in half, and focus in making something excellent. How hard is it to mess up Cuban food? Ugh. The restaurant needs a major makeover. It is filthy, old and oily to the touch. I prefer Versailles, La Carreta, Larios or Havana Harry's  for delicious Cuban food.
Maybe my palette is just not into Cuban food but I made this place a destination after reading good reviews and I was sorely disappointed. My friends and I tried a variety of dishes, all of which were pretty bland and soggy. Also I did not find it as inexpensive as people say ($14 minimum for an entree) in a cafeteria atmosphere? I did enjoy the Cafe Con Leche though.
Decided to try this place out based on Yelp reviews and the fact it was very close to our hotel on South Beach. Walking in you can certainly tell it's not your typical trendy SoBe restaurant. This place definitely felt more like a diner. We were seated immediately. Walking to our table I couldn't help but admire all the dishes being consumed as we passed. A big 'ol piece of chicken with rice and beans caught my eye. And it just happened to be one of the specials, YAY! The menu is pretty overwhelming with selections, which would explain why no two people around us were eating the same thing. They started us off with some bread, what can say but Y-U-M! Fresh French bread with butter is ALWAYS good! I husband ordered the Cuban sandwhich, surprise surprise! I think the man orders a sandwhich 80% of the times we eat out. The sandwhich came on the same french bread that was the starter. Genious! I couldn't imagine the sandwhich being on any better bread! My chicken came out, white rice, black beans and plantains all for I think it was $8.95. What a ridiculous amount of food for the price! The chicken was Awesome! Skin on, prefectly cooked. The black beans are the best black beans I've ever had! Our meal was so good we ate there a second time before leaving Miami. Husband had the Pork shoulder, which he raves about still and I the shredded pork cuban style. Of couse no disappointment whatsoever. We even ordered another Cuban sandwhich to go! Service was fast and efficient! I absolutely LOVE this place. Too bad it's 7 hours in a plane to get there!!! Puerto Sagua: you should start a restaurant in Portland, OR!
My husband and I were anxious to have some authentic Cuban cuisine while in Miami. Yelpers seemed especially positive about this place, and we're glad we followed their advice. The restaurant feels like a well-worn diner that welcomes tourists and locals alike. The entrance looks onto a large square counter. To the right is a larger dining area. We sat down near the kitchen door and were excited to try the recommended "ropa vieja" for dinner. We started with fried pork chunks as an appetizer. They were crunchy on the outside without being dry. They were served on some lettuce and bright red tomato slices that tasted fresh. The ropa vieja came with a healthy serving of white rice, a number of plaintains ("platanos maduros"), and another small plate with a hot bowl of the steak. The steak was flavorful and tender. Very delicious! We decided to have some wine - a malbec - but regretted it. Given the reviews, it seems the sangria is a better choice. The waitress was attentive and patient while we asked a few questions. The staff seemed to be busy and on their feet, so service was fairly quick. We visited the restaurant on a Tuesday night and it was full, so we're guessing it's a popular and busy place most of the week. PS: We ordered more platanos maduros, which came out almost as fast as we asked for them. They were fantastic!
This place still rocks.  Last time I was here, it was 2002.  We ordered a lot of food then, but what stood out was a shrimp dish I had.  When I returned June 2013...I perused the menu and saw it!  "Shrimp in Spanish Sauce"  I asked the waitress if this was the one where the shrimp is sauteed in a tomato based sauce and she said yea.  So I ordered that, along with 2 beef empanadas and of course, the oxtail stew.  And I always gotta have my wine, and the only option for white wine was Chablis..just an FYI... Everything was delicious like I remembered it.  The shrimp reminded me of a homestyle vietnamese shrimp dish my mom used to make.  It's tomato based, nice and salty with aromatics of onion and cilantro.  And the oxtail?  It's no wonder that it's in 75% of the pictures posted on Yelp.  People love this stuff and they have reason to love it.  My hubby and I still talk about how good the oxtail was.  It was a huge portion with yummy gelatinous cartilage and tender meat with a delicious gravy.   The empanadas were good too but I won't order it next time because I want to save my stomach room to finish the large quantity of food that comes with the entrees. Great place and great atmosphere.  They are seriously banking and get busy, so be prepared to wait.  We were a party of two on a Friday night, no holiday, but the wait was 30 minutes.
Awesome food but awful check system, they do not do separate checks and its very inconvenient if you're part of a group that needs to pay separately.
This is a must everytime i go to South Beach. Their Ropa Vieja is amazing!!!!
Cheap, authentic, homestyle cuban food. The location is great on Collins Ave. near shopping... which can work up an appetite!! Ropa vieja, roasted chicken with rice... maduros... they even have cuban sodas. Must try! Service is fast and friendly too!
I was there for vacations, and I had Ropa Viejam and wow the best! The place is fun, busy but good! I can't wait to go back
Excellent food. Cuban sandwich was excellent, as was the Spanish ground beef dish. Add a Cuban iced espresso, and you have a perfect Cuban lunch.
Me Encanta.... Their 1/4 roasted chicken, plantains, rice and black beans.....excellent...everytime...and CHEAP!! something like $8.50 Their pork chops....so sinfully good Fried yuca with garlic dipping sauce...a little bit of heaven Cafe con leche....the best...and there are a million places in this city to get this fix and they are masters of this craft... Service is always great..regardless if u sit in the dining room or at the bar thingy.... They only serve beer and wine...thats good enough for me.... I think i might go there now....im hungry
Old School Miami Beach. Food and decor nothing special, but something about it draws me in always when I am in the area. Totally un-pretentious and unaffected by the jersey shore herds.
This place is so good I ate here 3 times during my 4 day trip.  Loved the fried fish, oxtail stew and ropa vieja.  Cuban sandwich was simple and good. The best was their black bean soup which was really flavorful.  Only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is their roasted chicken was a bit dry, at least with the white meat.  Decor...  60's mafia cafe scene.
Great food. Service... Eh. Very busy spot. 4 stars because of the waiting staff, otherwise, food is def a 5.
My friend recommended this place to me to try their Cuban sandwich, and that I did! And I liked it! The bread was crunchy and warm, with the perfect amount of meat, a little bit of cheese and acidity of the pickle worked well together in this sandwich. $8.95 for the large sandwich Also tried the "codfish Spanish style" but maybe the fish was over cooked? The fish was pretty dry, not buttery or flaky at all. It's cooked in a tomato sauce with potatoes, not impressed at all. I think this dish was $10-11, I didn't like it. Maybe it would taste better if I was drunk... I think this place opens latenight for party goers to get a bite to soak up the alcohol :p The tres leche cake was so good!! It's cake soaked in condensed milk, topped with whipped cream and a cherry on top. $4.95 for a sweet ending :) The coconut flan was way too sweet.
My first taste of Cuban food as well as the first place I ate at upon arriving in Miami for the first time. I really enjoyed the flavors especially what I thought was just going to be plain-tasting black beans and rice..it really enhanced the taste. The plantains was also delicious..first time trying them. Can't compare it to other Cuban food but to me it was delicious! I had the chicken dish and I thought it was really good...pricing was also decent. Muy bien.
Came here twich while visiting Miami. The first afternoon, I ordered the ropa vieja and a friend ordered the roasted chicken.  Both were delish! The next day I ordered the paella.  I'm giving this place a 4 b/c the paella was just ok.  Could have had more meat in it. Overall, I would come back.
meh, versaille is better- (but also far). the ropa vieja was nothing special, the sweet plantains were a bit too ripe. Service was friendly, which is rare in miami esp on the beach. i'd give it another try but only because there aren't many decent places in the area.
Great place for low key local dinner without the Chi-chi atmosphere of South Beach. Husband had the pork (#62) and absolutely loved it. Not much for vegetarian offerings... the black bean soup was simple but really good. Get a side of rice with it.
The food is good and prices are cheap. Quick eat and great lunch specials. Just wish they'd clean the place up a bit! It's pretty grimy and I may have seen a bug or two :/ I knowwww...everyplace, especially in south Florida has bugs, BUT if they place is clean and you see a bug, somehow it's not as bad!
I had an overnight flight from SF to MIA and a 3hr layover in North Carolina. I wanted to avoid all the junky and fast food airplane food and so I decided to do a solo save my appetite for the BIG BANG CUBAN FOOD that I had read so much about from you YELPERS. From the outside of the restaurant I was not so impressed, but I had a good feeling that this place was one of those hole-in-the- wall restaurants that I had to try. And... "OMG, the food was so GOOD!"  The service was great! Reasonably price. Go and eat early or be doomed at dinner time. This place gets packed!   I had the shredded beef; saucy, oniony, garlicky, tomato sauce with a side sweet plantains and white rice. The food here comes with an interesting french bread (Cuban style) that is extra crispy. Dip the bread into the sauce. You will love it! Grab a Corona ;)
I was in miami this summer for only two days and missed the great cuban sandwiches florida offers.. yelped this place and it had good reviews..... Now here is mine: Food: "can only review on the cuban sandwich, fries and croquetas btw" Sandwich: Definitely had better "wished they had real pieces of pernil" Croquetas" Uhm.. Ok i guess.. Fries: Yummy!! Service: Great staff! All very nice
This place was actually pretty good! Miami is pretty big on diners, and this one seems to be on top of everyone's list. The prices are just a tad bit more than what you would expect in a normal diner in any other city, but the food (and there are many selections to choose from) certainly justify the pricing. I believe this place opens late...if not 24 hours, so it's the perfect place to eat at after visiting the bars.
Authentic Latin,  good food at a good price. Defiantly recommended, regardless of price concern.  I had the chicken n yellow riceweith a side of black beans poured on top with the kick @!?&&& hot sauce, finished it with the bread pudding - very sweet n good !!  :)
The food was quite lovely & the waitress ( MARIA ) was really nice & with a good vibe  it was worth it walking 20 blocks .
I have previously dined at Puerto Sagua before, but made it for a reunion trip on the night the kitchen decided to skip food hygiene precautions.  Our entire dining party (half of whom drove in from the Florida west coast) became ill;  me, violently so. During our dinner, a patron was wheeled out by ambulance, apparently, after spending time in the bathroom.  Coincidence?  Who knows.  Despite my previous good experiences, I'll sadly have to avoid Puerto Sagua in the future.
Paella takes 45 minutes! Put in that order first if you want to eat that. Unfortunately I wasn't a HUGE fan of this dish...but my girls enjoyed it. We ordered about everything - cuban sandwiches, ox tail, shredded pork, blah blah... My most memorable dishes were the fried pig fat, ox tail stew, shredded pork, and this dark rice with black beans in it. Plantains, not a huge fan, but probably one of the better ones I tried. My girls I swear had hella cups of cafe con leche. They went back there several times during our trip just for the coffee. I wasn't able to try it because I usually don't drink coffee...it makes me go bonkers :) P.S. My girls picked me up a chicken noodle soup the next day when I was ::cough ahem:: hung over after the first night.........but YUM the chicken noodle soup was super good. Cuban chicken noodle soup contains some sort of potatoes? Correct me if I'm wrong... but it was delish and I was good to go after that!
I have always enjoyed eating here, especially late at night, as the humanity that walks through the doors here certainly qualifies as "people watching" in the truest sense of the word.  You could sit next to a South Beach super model or an overweight taxi driver or smart Latino club goer: it is more fun than playing the Lottery.  The coffee is the strongest on this planet: you will likely not sleep for three days, taking your brain from zero to 100 in five seconds. You can also live like a king off some of the most delicious and simple food this side of Havana: Cuban pressed sandwiches (ham, pork, and pickles) or garlicky chicken with black beans and rice.
Grilled flounder or the paella. Perfectly cooked calamari that's not a rubber band.
My BFF lives in Miami and raves about the food at Puerto Sagua.  So naturally we dined there for a late night dinner around 1 am.   This was the worst dining experience ever!  We ordered roasted chicken and they gave us cold chicken.  Yes, Cold Chicken!  I'm assuming it was cooked several hours before.  We informed the waitress and she came back with the same plates, it was not even warmed up.  The third time she took the chicken to the back to nuke it in the microwave.  Ok who does that?   At least offer something else to eat  or possibly "cooking" our  ordered meals.   At that point, I realized they didn't value us as customers.   My BFF was appalled and said that she never had this experience there. In short, I guess do not go there when it's close to closing time, they'll give you anything.  I wouldn't give my Wheaten Terrier that ish.
Walked past this place several times and thought about stopping in bc I wanted to try some authentic Cuban food but it was always so busy. Finally stopped in today with my fiance for lunch. We got served right away. The food was delicious and the portions were big. I got the roast chicken which came with white rice, black beans, and sweet plantains and my fiance got the Cuban sandwich. Very affordable for the amount they give you. Would definitely eat here again.
The two things that stood out for me here were the Cafe con leche (Cuban Coffee) and the Cuban Cookies. Strong in flavor and taste, if that's how you like your coffee then Cafe con Leche is truly worth a shot. We tried the Pork pulled Cuban Sandwiches as well, interesting flavor with enough onions for a perfect sandwich, in a flavorful cuban bread. Overall good place to try some cheap Cuban food, fast and efficient service.
I was in Miami for a bachelorette party and we had to have some good ol' Cuban food so we stopped by Puerto Sagua. The place is huge for a casual cuban diner type place, the menu is very selective, however the food was just a okay. The beef stew was just not my style, however I really did like the plantains. However, the service is what I really didn't like, it was lunch time, but it took our server like 10 min just to bring drinks, another half hour to bring out our food, so overall I wasn't impressed with my overall dining experience here.
This place used to be good. Now it's not. The end. Rice - undercooked Beans - unimpressionable Plantains .. cold
Oxtail. Oxtail. Oxtail. So good that I emptied the plate including the broth.
Puerto Sagua 700 Collins Avenue This diner type restaurant is short on style but way long o substance. This place has the best plantains in the city, hands down. The service is brusque but seems only to add to the experience. All the empanada varieties are delicious and the grilled meats are prepared to perfection. You can't beat the price and will be hard pressed to dine anywhere else after you've experienced this Miami favorite.
So thankful that I came across this restaurant on Yelp. Though I may be no expert on Cuban food, I have had my fair share of oxtail. The oxtail stew was fantastic. The second my fork hit the meat, it just fell off of the bone. I'm currently craving it right now. It was SO good. Management was also incredibly helpful after my friend was robbed. They comp'ed our entire meal for us. Incredibly grateful for their hospitality.
Cuban food!! This a great restaurant to visit while you are up late in South Beach.  Miami is known for its Cuban food but Puerto Sagua is a yummy spot to enter late in the evening for a plate of rice, beans, and plantains.  Puerto Sagua offers many seafood and poultry dishes.  There food is cooked quickly and the service is prompt and friendly.  Visit this place for a late night snack or to fill your belly in the late afternoon.
I was there a few times recently and had great service with out the pretentious attitude of the other places near by.  Good cubanos and the caficitos are good too.  Cheap and quick.
Puerto Sagua was on my list of places to visit while in Miami per suggestions from friends and research on Yelp. After getting off the plane and checking into our hotel, we were starving and walked over to Puerto Sagua which was only a block away. It was early afternoon and we were seated right away even though the place was very busy. Inside it's nothing fancy, but with lots of tables and chairs and also what looked like a bar or counter area. It looks like the type of place where people just order food and get it to go. Staff was friendly and the food was very reasonably priced especially for good authentic Spanish food. Both locals and tourists come here and I could see why. I ordered the Roasted Chicken which came with Rice and Beans and it was delicious. They had a bunch of home made and bottled sauces but I didn't try any of them because I was busy gobbling up my delicious meal. My bf had the Pernil which was good but vinegary which was different but good. I look forward to returning the next time I'm in Miami!
Pros: meal came out in 5 minutes, dinner for 2 with drinks came to $15 a person, delish sangria. Cons: entire meal was 30 minutes, so if you are looking for a leisurely meal this def isn't the place to go. Food was good but nothing to write home about. Neutral- very crowded and loud. No decor.
Decent food, classic ambiance. My oxtail stew was very tender.  I can't say that I would ever really crave this kind of food but it was good and authentic. The flan is the best I've ever had though!
Authentic cheap Cuban cuisine!! I was pleasantly surprised to find this place. As south beach is filled with tourist traps, Puerto Sagua was a breath of fresh air. The slightly run down ambiance and tables filled with customers who didn't speak english actually made the place more welcoming. I got the ropa vieja and loved it! Puerto Sagua is definitely worth visiting!
The real deal.
Never thought Cuban food was this good until I tried this place!  Excellent food and busy.  Don't get intimated by the line. The wait is worth it.  We had Ox tail soup Shredded beef Cafe con leche Mamey shake Definitely recommend these choices!
I've dined here plenty of times but this is my first review. This place is amazing. Quick turnover. Food comes out fast and has amazing flavor. My most recent visit was with my friends while in town for Ultra Music Fest. I had the grilled chicken with sauteed onions, Rice and Black Beans. Totally amazing. Their bread is always warm and fresh. Service is straight up and doesn't mess around. I like how they make you pay on one check. Helps them to turnover the tables faster. I can't wait to go to this place again when I go back to SOBE.
If I lived in Miami, I'd eat here a couple times a week. This place is authentic. I mean, I've never been to Cuba, but I've been to South America and this place is awesome. It's authentic in the way of no frills. Modest place, unassuming. Some tables, and a great old school counter. The staff isn't trying to over do it. Just an honest blue collar place to get some KILLER food for a reasonable price. I went with a few coworkers and we split three dishes. I ordered the pork chunks, sorry i forgot the Spanish name. Holy S@#$! One of the best meals I have ever had. Period. The oxtail was super good. Perfectly cooked. All the sides were great. The Stewed Beef the other yelpers raved about wasn't all that great. I'l telling you, eat the pork. Portions are healthy. I left very full. I didn't stop till the food was gone for fear of wasting any. Hi5, Puerto Sagua!
I was ignored when I went to the counter for a cafecito. Rats. I walked out.
I live in Maryland and was at Miami for vacation, a friend of mine said when in Miami Cuban food was what you want. I have to say this was my first Cuban experience but it was a heavenly experience! I had the Ox tail stew and I've been frantically searching for something similar around Maryland and so far no luck, im considering a second vacation just for that stew...
The oxtail stew is a must have! The tres leches was also delicious as well.
**2.5 stars** Where the hell else could you get Cuban food if it weren't for miami?!   I was excited upon reading the reviews, but to my dismay, the food wasn't all that glamorous as I had imagined it to be.  We must've walked at LEAST 10 blocks to get here.... and what a huge disappointment.  Luckily my friends enjoyed their meals more so than me.   i ordered the pescado veracruzana, which was like a fish stew served over rice and plantains.  (Fish Veracruz).  First of all, I definitely should've gone with my second option and tried their chicken.  Secondly, the fish was way too salty for my taste and way too dried (was probably sitting in the stew for so damn long)..... the only things I enjoyed were the tostones and my cafe con leche, which amazingly I don't hate. :)  Don't knock it to you tried it.  I'm glad I gave it a shot! Cuban food isn't really up my alley anyways...I'm not really into ham/pork (oh god, what's the difference b/t the two meats again?!)  This is probably one of the first few times that I have ever tried it.  So I'm always down to look for more authentic and tastier places... because they seem really hard to come by if you don't live in Florida and I do not live in Florida.
Great service, nice atmosphere, good food. Came here solely because of the crowd. If its filled, it must be good; and it was! wasnt that hungry so decided on sharing a cuban sandwich and a cuban hamburger. Wasnt blown away by the sandwich at first, actually preferred the hamburger a lil more just because it was a new taste, but when we got home later that night I reheated leftovers of the sandwich and everything changed. With the warm, soft bread and spices having time to penetrate the sandwich more, this easily became the star of the night and my fav cuban sandwich ever! looking now at the reviews im kicking myself i missed out on the Ox tail and Rojo Vieja (both sound and look delicious). Well, gonna have to make a stop before our flight back home I guess. haha
I was in Miami for a concert, asked the cabbie to bring us to anyplace that was really good (and it was way past midnight).  He dropped us off at Puerto Sagua.   OMG.   We loved it!   That night we had a Cuban Sandwich and Croquettes.  Everything seemed pretty basic, but o man, was the taste fantastic!    It's like a group of Cuban grandmothers must be in the back making everything from scratch and with love.  We went back a few days later for breakfast and we were not disapointed.  If I'm in Miami again, this is where I want to eat. NOTE:  if you want to eat where the pretty people are and fancing surroundings, go have a drink somewhere else, but come back and eat here.
The food is okay. I always feel like the food was precooked and was sitting under a heater for a while before i got it. The service is great! But the bathrooms are disgusting!!!! Probably because they let non customers walk in to use it. Plus it kind of has a cafeteria style to it. It's very cramped and loud.
It's crazy busy, it's cuban, it's great!!  Every single time I've been to Miami in my life I have to visit this spot for breakfast!! The cuban coffee with the bread and butter they give you is amazing- yes, bread & butter with coffee (cuban expresso) can be amazing!! They have this omelette that hubby orders everytime- plantain omelette with cheese- Omgeeeeee!!  Whoever thought of this is a genius!!  I usually have the spanish omelette- Spanish sausage, potatoe, ham & onion.  Luv it! Portion size and price is perfect.   We took friends their this last time we went who had never been- this will now be on their itineraries as well every time they're in town.
Yay for a genuine "no-frill" eatery in South Beach!  After many hours walking past expensive but mediocre restaurants, this was the last place we came to eat, and I left with a good impression of this place. The place is quite modest, but the service was fast and the food wasn't too expensive.  We got tamale to start that was quite tasty.  I got the Ropa Vieja (shredded beef with pepper and onions).  It was probably a little too much beef for my stomach, but it was tender and easy to eat nevertheless. Good to know that there are places in South Beach that doesn't involve giant margaritas and $15 appetizers.
We came here upon a recommendation by our taxi driver, in search for their version of the ubiquitous Cuban sandwich (and in the hopes of finding a little something healthy for me amidst the admittedly non-healthy Cuban food options). What really impressed me was my bowl of black bean soup. Since my exposure to Cuban food is limited, I'll just say it was savory and delicious. The guy seating customers seems to have a rather grouchy disposition, but I'm accustomed to seeing worse in some restaurants outside of the US, so it didn't bother me really. The Cuban sandwich was (reportedly) quite good, with crisp bread and their version of the mustard that normally goes into it being quite tasty. Not bad for a location so close to the rest of South Beach. I do think it's rated higher than the food warrants, though, so YMMV.
Just walk in there and have  seat... Order the OXTAIL STEW and some plaintain chips to munch on while you wait... and enjoy your meal.
Amazing food!!! I love this place for authentic Cuban food. You get a lot of food and it's pretty inexpensive. It's not a pretty place to look at so don't go here for ambiance but if you want great food at a great location then this is where to go!
Priced good, food is fresh and delicious. So busy and the workers are so pleasant We recommend the grouper, Cuban sandwich and all coffees!!  Forget about Starbucks when your in South Beach! This place Rocks, me and the misses love this restaurant. Good people good food and good times, rated for us
Let's say this is by far, the best place Cuban place I've ever encountered in my entire twenty four years of eaterydom. The previously Cuban bakery/restaurant I exalted prior to my experience at Puerto Sagua is now equivalent to the quality of McDonald's to me. They've got nothing on Puerto Sagua--- hands down. The ravings about Floria being a home of succulent, authentic, make you roll over in deliciousness Cuban food is not a lie. Friends. If you like Cuban food and a bit of night life, alcohol and extended bar and restaurant hours compared to the typical OC, 9pm shut down times, you will love Miami and most importantly, Puerto Sagua. 1) Breaded Coconut Shrimp: A MUST for the crustacean lovers. Freshly fried shrimp, coated with the perform breaded ingredients that literally bring out the freshness and tastiness of the coconut fruit. You will be drowning in the lush, lightness of this fruit (or drupe if you want to be technical), while indulging in the sweet meat of thick, big pieces of shrimp. 2) Chicken and Rice Paella: whoa whoa whoa! This dish bursts with flava flavassss! The creamy starches of the rice compliment the pieces of chicken and mixed veggies incorporated within this one fine dish. Very rich, yet very savorful. I would eat this everyday if I could. Hot damnnn. 3) Roasted Chicken Special: Ok.I thought I tasted the best roast chicken before at other places, but holy moly. Not only is this chicken way tender, falling off the bone with the slightest, daintiest touch of my fork, but each piece of meat is chocked with a multitude of flavors and herbs. Let's say, by the end of the night, I couldn't stop thinking of this dish. 4) Shredded Beef "Cuban Style": Shredded pieces of tender, flavorful beef swimming in an equally gimme more sauce. O boy. I couldn't stop eating this thing. Here's a trick: Take a spoonful of rice, a piece of plantain for sweetness and some beef & rice and you will have a crazy flava party in your mouth! Another trip to Miami just to frequent this place one more time is definitely worth it.
Recently in Sobe for a meeting and was looking for a good lunch break and yelp provided this cuban diner. I sat at the counter and ordered the fish special of the day, which was a fish stew type dish with rice and plantains.  The fish was fresh, flavorful, and well-cooked and the service was pleasant and efficient.  I was also amazed at how affordable it was for south beach. Definitely an improvement over the tourist traps and overpriced/overhyped places I found in south beach
Such a great place for an affordable lunch in South Beach. You must must must try the oxtail stew! The meat was so incredibly tender and the sauce was amazing. Also tried the ropa vieja - I found this a little more on the bland side and thought it was just ok compared to the oxtail stew. Def a great spot for some great Cuban food!
Love the diner atmosphere.  Cuban sandwich was excellent.
WELCOME TO MIAMI!! This was our first meal here on our first trip to Miami. It was absolutely wonderful.    Read reviews. Tried the oxtail and the shredded beef. Both dishes loaded with flavor with an edge going to the oxtail.    You can tell that dish was cooked with a lotta love.  Tender meat that you can suck right off the bone. The flavor in this dish reminds me of a good stew that I've never had before.  I dont think ive ever eaten anything with that kind of flavor, and I'll be craving this for eternity and be looking for anything close to this when i go back to the Midwest.  All will fail in comparison, of course, and that'll just give me another reason to come back to SoBe. The shredded beef was very good in its own right.  Another serving of tender beef that was filled with flavor and cooked just right so it's not too mushy tasting.   It had a sauce that was distinctly Cuban, i guess.  I'm new to Cuban cuisine, but if this is what it tastes like i may have been Cuban in a past life because this was seriously BOMB DOT COM grubbin Coconut shrimp appetizer was average the sauce was the real winner on that plate. We dipped our bread in it and it was TASTY! FRESH SQUEEZED  OJ was sooooo good! It's a must have. If you're in the area, try this place!!!
I love this place because it just doesn't seem to fit the locale, but certainly seems to work there!  As some say, it was a part of South Beach before South Beach became the destination it now is . . . Cuban and American food in a casual setting - sort of like an old-fashioned diner - with friendly staff and excellent food. This is absolutely my favorite breakfast stop - great variety, great prices, excellent service.  Eggs cooked to perfection, freshly squeezed orange juice (included with the breakfast) and great coffee (also included).   The Cuban sandwiches are all great as is the ropa vieja . . . you just can't go wrong here . . . even a nice wine list that is reasonably priced. Don't let the old-school look turn you away - go in, enjoy!  Just remember, except for breakfast, you may have to wait for a table!
Awesome food FTW! The flavors were great and the prices were reasonable. You probably know from the other reviews to get the oxtail stew. It is incredibly tasty and falls off the bone. But, beware that it is not guilt-free (aka, pretty fatty)! If youre looking to have some seafood, try the fish in green sauce. Fish is grilled and there is a nice sear. The sauce is pretty good, but be sure to dazzle it with the plethora of hot sauces they provide on the table! We'll go again next time we go to Miami beeeeaches.
Came here for dinner. The bread was warm and served with butter. Tried the yuca fries which came with 6 pieces. The yuca was fried nicely and the sauce was a little sour which added flavor to the yuca. The beef empanada was not as crunchy on the outside as I like, but the beef was fine on the inside. Tried the ropa vieja and the beef falls apart in your mouth. You can taste the mix of tomatoes, peppers and onions in the sauce. It was a good dish. The oxtail stew had good flavor and the meat falls off the bone. Rice and plantains came with the dishes and the rice was a little overcooked but had good flavor, while the plantains were cooked nicely with good char on the outside and were sweet on the inside. The dishes were good but didn't wow me (I could have the same quality in NYC).
Yummy in my tummy! Oxtails are fall off the bone juicy. Rice beans everything seasoned just right. Not too salty, not too bland, just right. Great cafe con lech too.
Met up with my wife this past weekend in Miami. Always looking for good Cuban food. Must say not impressed at all. The décor is a mess, I have no idea what era it from but it makes no sense. Real dumpy. The waiter gave us two small pieces of bread with 8 butters. Probably left over's from another table. I always love Cuban sandwiches and I would expect only the best here being that Cubans are like drift wood and just float there asses into the US.  Anyway, the sandwich was made with cheap cold cuts, WTF damn it. The sandwich was not even pressed.  This is BS. My wife's lunch was bland and cold.  It was some beef stew that was not to be desired for. I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of one just because the bill came to 20 bucks. Was not that much of a loss of money. But still.
I just think that Cuban food is overrated in general. My boyfriend had the #1 on the menu - Cuban shredded beef platter, which was good enough. The fried plantain chunks were great. Then I got the daily special, a #9 Steak bread batter fried thing, which was a cheap, tough skirt steak covered in inedibly greasy fried crust. Yuck. The salad that came with it was cheap iceberg lettuce and a couple slices of tomatoe and french fries. Not impressive, and not worth the special $10 price - and definitely not worth the regular $14 price. The best part was the quatro leches cake - that was great. But that was the only thing that was good.
Excellent food , great service , very authentic , it's a must when u get to miami. One of those small local restaurants that don't disappoint.
With 500+ reviews, mine isn't really needed so I'll just write a quick note. The baked chicken and sangria were delish. The black beans...not so much. I think this place might be a tad bit overrated but it's decent.
Great shredd beef, chicken soup. Super efficient service. Food tastes better than Larios.
Came in on a Wednesday evening.  It was packed!  It was about 9PM and we waited about 5 minutes for a table. We ordered the seafood platter with green sauce, the roasted chicken, and the tres leche cake.   Authentic food, huge portions, delicious sauces.  They also have a good selection of half bottle wines, which is a plus.
I feel bad giving this only 3 stars, but sadly, I think it was a bit over hyped for me on Yelp. If I didn't read so many reviews on Yelp, I think I would've given this 4 stars, but I had high expectation for this place. I admit it was good, but it's not as good as everyone made it out to be. The restaurant is a "seat yourself and you will be served" type of place. Service was ok, but it might just be because we got there late (around 10?) Per recommendations, my fiance and I ordered the ropa vieja and ox tail stew. Between the two, I have to say the ox tail stew was a lot better, and even then, the taste was just average. Maybe because I'm not familiar with Cuban food, but I wasn't entirely impressed with their food. Don't get me wrong it was tasty, but not "amazing."  I did enjoy their fried plantains on the side of the dish . Those were very unique and tasty to me. We also tried their fried yuca (same family as the potatoes) for appetizer, and I thought that was really good. Worth trying. I also thought their sangria was pretty decent. Very tasty and you can't really taste the alcohol... very dangerous.  Overall, it was average, and decently pricey.
I make sure to stop in at least once every time I come to Miami. The oxtail stew is amazing, I wish the portion size were bigger because I cannot stop eating once I start. It's served with a rice and the most deliciously sweet plantains. The chicken noodle soup is savory and seasoned just right with huge chunks of roast chicken. They have, hands down, the best Cuban sandwich in South Beach! It's enormous and has the perfect ratio of ingrediants. Nothing in Boston compares. My boyfriend swears by the Cuban style shredded beef and the beef empanadas. The only complaints I have are with the bread they serve you before the meal, it's very dry and you can tell it just came out of a bag. Also the red sangria is sickeningly sweet and almost rotten tasting, I was not a fan.
Loos like something out of 1950's Miami. Fast service, good food and reasonable prices. Interesting mix of tourists and locals. Ropa Vieja was excellent as well as the Media Noche sandwich. The seafood soup was quite big for the price. Good Cafe Con Leche and when it comes one has to pour the coffee into the milk. We would go back. Tres Leches in a bowl was tasty also.
Really good food. I had ox tail stew and for dessert 3 milk cake. The 3 mile cake was so good.
Disclaimer: I know nothing about Cuban food so I can't speak to its authenticity, so here is my midwest girl review... I ordered the Ropa Vieja (shredded beef cuban style with rice and tostones or fried plantains).  Plenty of food, so I did not leave hungry! The tostones were awesome, and i HIGHLY recommend them. The white rice was just as it should be, and the beef was good but not great. Atmosphere is like a neighborhood diner which i like, menu is bilingual, and the servers are super nice and patient as our group of 6 tried to ordered things we were obviously unfamiliar with. They do not like to split checks and have signs up everywhere, so either everyone comes with cash or one friend is willing to put it all on their card and you just pay them back with drinks later :-) Considering all of the fancy expensiveness that exists in south beach, it was nice to find an affordable satisfying option that made me feel like I experienced at least a little Cuban culture. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here just because there are so many food options, but if you're hungry and in the area it is a solid choice!
Came here expecting authentic cuban cuisine/breakfast but my surprised the menu was somewhat modified to the american Palate. I should have know better as the location of this place screams tourist, but i wanted to go somewhere close and the restaurant was conveniently located a block away from my hotel so there we went. The food was just ok here, had  some ham croquets, "cuban omelet" Black bean soup and of course, coffee. Like i said food here was just ok nothing really to write home about but decent. If you're looking for authentic cuban food, i will go elsewhere in the city far from the tourist areas.
The oxtail stew was tender and flavorful.  Perfect amount of spices and just all around mouthwatering.  I also recommend the chicken empanadas.
The oxtail soup and the ropa vieja were excellent. The food was a tad bland, but still quite good. If you're looking for a good dinner at a reasonable price (by South Beach standards) I recommend you give Puerto Sagua a try.
One of my favorite places to go when in SoBe. It's cheap, delicious, and service is always good. Both the cuban sandwich and the grouper sandwich are fantastic and my husband really liked the ropa vieja. Oh, and the sweet plaintains are delicious too! :) Their menu has lots to choose from, including some yummy sounding desserts like tres leches cake, that I keep wanting to try. But I'm usually too full by the end of the meal, as their portions are quite generous. Love this place!!
After a day of eating underwhelming food, I decided to give South Beach restaurants one last try. I'm glad I came here. Delicious, saucy ropa vieja that I draped over my white rice and sweet plantains. To drink: Lukewarm but fresh orange juice (they have a cool looking machine that squeezes oranges) and a "cortadito" - a small cup of espresso with milk. A few hours later, I'm still wide awake thanks to my last choice of drink. I'd come back!
YUMMY! OXtail was OXlicious. It comes with rice and some fried plantains... literally drooling while I'm typing this review. Delicious food, generous in quantity, cheap prices and wonderful service. Enough said.
Recommended to us by a Cuban friend who used to live in Florida. It was good but I don't know any better anyway.
A very good place for authentic Cuban food. I ordered the "pan con bistec" and it was really yummy. The meat was tasty and the other ingredients were fresh. The bread was as Cuban as you could get and was really yummy as well.
A buddy recommended this place and it's worth a pop in. Would definitely come here again.
Best Cuban food in Miami Beach!  Pork shoulder (pernil) is a must try and the mashed yuca is phenomenal.  Ate here on May 26th during Memorial Day Weekend, was able to get a table within 5 minutes of waiting.  Our waiter Danny was excellent and had great recommendations.  Overall a fantastic experience!
This is one of those places where it's easy to order because you can just look at what's coming out of the kitchen and simply explain to your server that yes, you want that too. A few of my favorite dishes I had were the fried chicken and ropa vieja.  Yes, I'm still dreaming about it. Yes, my mouth just started watering thinking about it. Almost makes it worth a trip to South Beach.
Delicious food, tastes like my non-existing Cuban grandmother cooked it, yum! Very home-y tasting it was delicious
Best food I've had all week while in Miami. Ox tail stew did it for me. So good that I picked up the bone in my hand and sucked on the bone. Yea no shame. Oh and I loved the rice that came with it. Made me miss home. Oh I'm not Cuban. I just like food. Really must return.
Went back tonight and once again very good. I had oxtail stew and my wife had fried pork chunks also awesome. New waitress and she was great.
Was in South Beach and was craving some authentic Cuban food.  Heard Puerto Sagua was the go to spot in the area.  I came in too early, around 10am and they were still serving brekkie.  I decided to come back after 11am for lunch. Ordered: Empanadas:  Eh...it wasn't crispy and was served somewhat on the warm side.  Wish the filling was hotter. Chicken and rice special:  Chicken was cooked perfect, moist...but lacking flavor and spice. Cuban sandwich:  Had to try it, but was let down.  Pretty plain and simple.  The bread had a nice toasty crunch to it...but the ham and cheese was still cold. Oxtail Stew:  This was probably the best dish I had.  The oxtail meat was fall off the bone delicious and flavorful with the spices in the stew.   I had to say the service was great though.  Our waitress came around and made sure everything was good.  Sad to say though, I've had better Cuban food elsewhere...
Now, I had concerns about eating legit Cuban food.  I thought there would be nothing special.  BOY was I wrong!  The ropa vieja is as delicious as everyone says it is.  I mean, it's tender, juicy, and flavors made my mouth so happy.  It comes out in all this sauce/juice that you can mop with rice.   I don't need to say anything else.  Come here and eat and enjoy!  We came here around 8:00 on a Thursday night and we didn't have to wait at all.
Think of this place as a dennys but instead its a Cuban dennys that serves awesome and authentic Cuban food...you can tell this place has been here for years because the chairs look like they were from the 50s, but none the less the food was quick to order and fresh...didn't really like the ropa so much, but the chicken, fritta and plantains was to die for....this place is 24/7 so its a great place to come to after clubbing....prices are fairly cheap, parking is a bit hard to come by as its only street parking
Great food. One of the best on SoBe.
Enjoyed this restaurant so much that we ate here twice during our South Beach stay! Great hole in the wall find in South Beach! Love the fact that they don't add the 18% gratuity to your check like all the other South Beach restaurants!
Came here during my trip to Miami because I was looking for some authentic Cuban food and Miami is pretty much little Cuba.  There were definitely some hits and misses. - Oxtail was very tender, but the flavor was lacking. Too light tasting, flavor not dense enough. Tasted like the stew was just barely done cooking, not long enough for the flavors to really condense. - Ropa Vieja was decently tender, but again, flavor was lacking. - Fried Pork Chunks were the best of the three meats. Think giant chunks of carnitas. - Seafood and Chicken Paella was the best dish of the night. Very generous portion for $23.95. Seafood was cooked well, even included some lobster tail which was nice. Very flavorful. - Plaintains were excellent, had to get a bit in every bite. Overall, the food was decent, but the flavors just weren't strong enough to elicit even 4 stars. I know this is not the best that Cuban food has to offer, TL;DR Flavor was lacking in many of the dishes, but probably the best place to get Cuban food in Miami.
This is hands down the best restaurant in South Beach for casual dining. Like your best friend from high school, this is a place you feel like you've known your entire life. It is the place you go to when you are hungry but don't feel like cooking. It is a low brow, low expectations, mom&pops place, you can go in your pajamas and nobody will judge you. And the food, THE FOOD! its homely, filling, delicious, and cheap. You just can't beat this place. Just know where you are going. Don't bring your hot new date here as this is not a place you take someone you want to impress to, unless, of course, you are John Cusack. Then this is exactly the place to go.
Puerto Sagua Restaurant was great with their sangria.  The decor was family styled.  I didn't have good Cuban food in Cuba but it was better here!  Everything was reasonably priced and this is a gem at South Beach!  Definitely try it out!
Authentic, affordable Cuban diner/cafe in the heart of South Beach!
Close to the beach and reasonable prices!  And the a/c feels good!!!
We've been here many times. This time, we had an issue with the misleading pricing. Our waitress said nothing about changes in our order being extra, laughed when we asked for more of something and never brought it, and when we spoke with the manager he didn't want to hear it. When dining, it's not just about the food. It's also about the service. When the manager responds to complaints and issues by yelling and gesturing right in your face, that's simply NOT good management. Keeping cool and making sure your loyal, paying customers are happy is number one. That is something this establishment simply doesn't follow. They don't care. This place is packed with people.. If you aren't happy, they really don't care. You're a number. It's really really disappointing because the food is great. But we'll never go here again.
I eat here every time I'm in South Beach. There's a reason it's always crowded, it's good Cuban food at a good price. My favorites are Peccadillo which I ladle over the rice and tostones.   Puerto Sagua always has a fun vibe.  I recommend it.
Coming to Miami from New York to work at the art fairs, I was much in need of a chill and not so expensive place to eat.  Puerto Sangua is it for me.  The Chicken special is great deal with a half chicken, beans and rice for under $10.   I can't say that it's amazing but for solid eats and a relaxing atmosphere in Miami Beach, Puerto Sangua is good bet.  I'll be there next December!
This place has too much hype. The potato balls were good, but the pork chops were dry, the grilled fish was meh, and the beans and rice were more than forgettable. The ambience is fine- it feels like a Cuban diner. Perhaps I ordered wrong, but there are so many great Cuban places in Miami, even on South Beach, and this is not one of them.
Geat food, even better prices (very affordable, especially for SoBe), and open till 2am so I got takeout for a late night snack!
Every item suggested by previous reviews was excellent! The black beans melt in your mouth and the cafe con leche was awesome! The service was very quick and friendly and the prices were very reasonable. Great great great place to eat.
So, this place is a Cuban restaurant and was originally going to go with my typical plate that I get at every Cuban restaurant I go to (Arroz con Pollo with yuca). It is a good that I strayed away from the norm this time. I ordered the paella and it was an unforgettable experience. Not too salty, extremely flavorful, and the calamari was soft like velvet!  This place isn't even a Spanish restaurant!
Among the bars and the clubs in trendy Miami Beach, with the guide of a lot of yelpers, I was able to find this family style cafeteria style restaurant for some really good paella. for $20 and 45 minutes, you'll get a mouth watering, seafood filled pan of paella individually cooked and seasoned for you. That alone was able to fill us up. In addition we also ordered 1/2 a pitcher of sangria but wished we had ordered the whole pitcher. The paella was a little wet for my taste, but everyone has their own flair to things. It was still extremely good and for the amount of seafood that is in there, it was a great price. The service was also pleasant, however I believe each waiter have their set number of tables, so you might want to request things only through your own server. The restaurant gets packed pretty easy, but the turn around time is pretty quick. You didn't have to wait TOO long for a seat. I find it quite cute that many people go in there pretty dressed up, as if they are either getting started on their party or coming from a party. Regardless, it shows that this place has a great offering for Cuban cuisine.
Great late night... Or anytime for that matter, Cuban diner
Best Ropa Vieja I have ever had and I don't like Ropa Vieja. I only had it because they were out of lechon. I was sceptic but pretty hungry so I tried it and it was delicious. My sister had the Paella and loved it so much she packed it nice and tightly to bring to home to my mom in LA. The service was great. Our waitress was super nice and treated us like her daughters. Awesome place!
This is the Cuban Restaurant to go to in South Beach. I tried the fried yucca, oxtail soup, and the cuban sandwich. The fried yucca came with a sauce. I'm not sure what the sauce was. It could've been mojo since it was garlicy. It was a good yucca. Nothing fancy. The yucca was grilled well and tasted good like all good yuccas. The oxtail soup came with 3-4 huge chunks of oxtail. It melted off the bone and had a nice, tender texture. You have to use the juice it came from to get the great flavor from it. Also, mix the rice with the juice. The cuban sandwich was good. I thought it was a bit overrated. But it was huge, and I loved the bread.   The prices seem fair, they speak English, and the food tastes good. This seems like a solid restaurant to me. Oh yeah, they automatically add tip in your bill because these foreign turistas don't pay any tip.
This place was so good we came twice during our weekend (my bachelorette party) in South Beach.  We needed some good food in our stomachs before hitting the town; and of course the sangria to get things going! Pretty much everything we had here was really good: the sangria, the ropa vieja, the croquettes, the pork stew, the oxtail stew, the seafood paella, the cuban sandwich, the grilled grouper.  The roasted chicken was well... just roasted chicken, nothing that special.   The first time we came, the food came out literally 2 minutes after we ordered.  It was faster than Pho!!  but the second time, they were a bit busy and the service really lagged.  The guy seemed impatient when taking our orders.  All we asked was how big is the paella and he seemed annoyed and gave us some weird answer about it only comes with one piece of chicken, one piece of shrimp (which were all not true).  All we wanted was a hand gesture signaling how big the bowl would be, buddy.   So yeah, awesome Cuban food, not so great service.  about 20 per person with sangria.
Mixed bag here. My husband loves this place and has been here on multiple trips to Miami.  My in-laws really enjoyed the food they had here.  However out of our party of 5, they completely messed up 2 of the orders (delivered different dishes than were ordered), and the service was so lousy that it was impossible to flag someone down to correct them in a reasonable period of time.  The food was either all really salty or really bland, to my taste, but like I said others in my group seemed to like it just fine.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! I had the oxtail stew...SO GOOD! They give you pretty hefty portions so you leave very satisfied. I will be returning when I am back in Miami.
Awesome food. Quick service. Excellent value.  No ripoffs like along Ocean Blvd.  Gonna eat there everyday while we're on town.
I can't say it was necessarily cheap. Maybe it was cheap for Miami, but relative to other places that we ate at, it wasn't that cheap. We got 3 dishes and a coffee, at a place that looked more or less like a diner, and spent $43 after tax and tip. Anyway, onto the food. The oxtail stew really is great. The ropa vieja was pretty good, but it wasn't anything that special (to me). The standout star for me would have to be the plantains. Granted, it was the only place in Miami where I was served plantains, but it was really good, and went really well with the heavy meat dishes and rice. More impressive was the fact that I really don't like plantains and my girlfriend dislikes almost any banana-like products and we both really loved them. No, I stand corrected, the standout star were the fried pork chunks. Who knew downing straight-up fried fat could be so delicious? Well, maybe we all knew that, but these pork chunks were so good I didn't really think about how bad it might've been for me. I guess we made ourselves feel better by squeezing a healthy amount of lemon on there; it also went well with the pork chunks. I think that probably one app and one entree or two entrees is really enough for two people. We had leftovers, so I think we might've over-ordered. To be fair, we also had a snack an hour or two before. The Cuban coffee here is pretty good, though after drinking Cuban coffee everywhere in Miami, I'm starting to think it's the coffee that's delicious in general and not necessarily the place that serves it. I would definitely come back here when I come back to Miami.
Had the ox-tail stew and shared two orders of the paella amongst nine girls. The ox-tail stew was yummy, but the paella was soggier than what I'm used to and a little to salty in my opinion. I also tried my friend's quatro leches which was delicious.
My bf raved about this spot!  Whenever he is in SoBe it's on his list of things to do.  He's even just gotten take out after a long night of libations!   I'm a pescetarian so I was a bit skeptical because most Cuban food consists of pork, beef or some kind of meat variety.  It was right up the street from our hotel and I wasn't impressed by the looks of it but had to give it a try. I ordered the fish sandwich and was pleasantly surprised!  I asked for a suggestion on the milkshake and was leaning towards mango but our waiter said I had to try the Mamey as it was popular and his fav..ick I should've gone with my gut and just gotten mango. Overall the service was good, it was packed but we still got  our food timely and we were seated by an electrical outlet so I was able to charge my phone while we dined!
Great place to eat for local authentic cuban food and a great price!
Good service.Very americanized cuban food.Foods not bad at good price and why waste your time in little havana when you can get american style cuban food in miami beach.
It has become a stable the past couple of times I was in SoBe. Authentic Cuban restaurant that not only attracted tourists but also frequented by locals. Amazing Cuban sandwich and oxtail stew, my favorites from the menu. I remember the chicken being flavorful, tender and juicy as well. Must visit in SoBe. Be prepared to wait in line during busy hours.
We came here for a late second dinner. People seemed to come in and out of this place fairly quickly. Lucky us, we didn't have to wait too long for a table. Our servers were super quick, friendly and helpful. ( and so was my yelp app ) We got the top faves: oxtail stew & pulled pork. The oxtail stew was definitely the best dish i had on my 3 days trip. It was super tender & flavorful. The meat just fell right off of the bone and it was a lot leaner than i expected. It was majority meat with a little bit of veggie left from the stew. The juice from the dish went perfectly with my white rice and lightly fried plantains. I wish I had a bowl of that right now. yummmmm Pull pork aka Ropa Vieja was good... but definitely not as good as the oxtail stew. I'm just not a big fan of pulled pork. This place is super casual, good & cheap. definitely a must have in Miami!
Ok...the food was amazing.  We just asked the waitress for recommendations since both my bf and I never had Cuban food before.  From appetizer to main course to dessert...the sauces was a bit heavy but everything tasted great...BUT why a 3 stars? Cause both my bf and I couldn't leave the bathroom after we had dinner there last night... We couldn't even enjoy our jet-ski because we had to drive back to the dock and RUN to the restroom in the middle of the ride... We only had 2 meals yesterday and it wasn't the breakfast...So, you take your chance.
The first night I was there me and my best friend stayed on 39th and collins. We told ourselves to walk thw whole way. Although we walked passed many cuban restaurants we were determined to eat here due to the many recommendations of this place. Now I have to warn you, dont expect upscale! Although thats not a bad thing at all. I felt as if I were eatting at a relatives house and the food was like a college student coming home to some good home cookin! The vaca frita, oxtail stew and the empanadas were worth the 32 blocks we walked.  After the first time, I stopped in a few times for a good ice cuban expresso coffee! How I miss it and can't wait to come back!
Food is good but cleanliness not good. To avoid the lines we sat in the counter and had direct view of the bread/cold cuts area.  Noticed the waiters/waitresses cleaning dirty plates and handling money then, without gloves handling the bread, lemon wedges with their bare hands! We were amazed at these blatant lack of hygiene.
Service was fast and ok Food was good (roasted chicken with rice, plantain, black beans and grilled steak and fries) Atmosphere: in&out and casual Kids friendly Price: 70$ for food + drinks
Puerto Sagua was referred to us by some guy we met on the beach while on a short vacation in Miami. When we walked into the restaurant I wasn't so sure though because there seemed to be a lot of tourist lookin' folks in the place. yeah, yeah....I realize I was a tourist myself...but I don't like tourist traps, I like places where the locals tend to go.   Thankfully we stayed because it didn't disappoint. The prices were right, especially for Miami beach.  We were getting really tired of paying a lot of money for crappy food around the area, but not at Puerto Sagua! Great Cuban food, honest prices. The fried plantains were good, the black beans had just the perfect amount of spice and the picadillo was almost as good as mine! :) (my husband said that, not me!) My only complaint is that the food was a tad bit greasy and the sangria was not so great I was super excited to have a tall pitcher of yummy Sangria but I am pretty sure they used canned fruit in it and it wasn't that strong. I didn't even get a slight buzz! The wait staff was very kind and even brought our additional bread for my picky teenager to munch on. They didn't speak all that much English but we used sign language when we had to and it was fine. All in all we enjoyed our food and even had left overs to take back to the hotel.
I was not about to leave Miami without getting a good Cuban meal. When my boyfriend and I arrived here to find a line going out the door, it seemed we were on the right track. We didn't end up waiting too long for a table. Service here is quick though I should also say we weren't made to feel like we had to rush through our meal. The interior of the restaurant is humble, bordering on dingy. If you are looking to sit in a pretty restaurant and eat mediocre food, this is not the place for you. Go to Lincoln Road. If you want plain and simple good Cuban food minus any and all frills-- this is the spot. We ordered pollo asado, ropa vieja, frijoles negros, and delicious salty buttery arroz.... very authentic. And shared a slice of cuatro leches for dessert. Delicious! Puerto Sagua is also a great place to people watch. Tourists, the whole range of locals from the super sexy and chic, to the eccentric, abuelitos, and younger groups throwing back beers and tamales before going out to party. More than even the tasty food, Puerto Sagua is a great experience!
Everytime i go to south beach, i always eat here. Oxtail Stew and ropa vieja with tres leches for desert is the way to go!!!
great food. love the prices... the service was a little slow but the awesome meal made up for the lack in great service. I went twice so it was worth the wait
We were in South Beach for about 4 days? We ate here about 3 times, no lie.   In short: get the cuban iced coffee--ADDICTION!  And the paella! I really think this its the best thing along south beach, everything else is EHHHHH.
Delish! We wanted some authentic Cuban food and based off of the myriads of Yelp reviews, decided to check this place out. We arrived about 7/7:30 pm and were met with a short wait. Started off with homemade iced tea. Great and refreshing! We ordered the fish soup which had plenty of chunks of fish, as well as a good broth. And then the entrees. I got the ground beef spanish style, my bf got the shredded beef cuban style. We both asked for yellow rice instead of the accompanying white rice. The dishes were soooo good. The yellow rice was really tasty and perfectly al dente! The fried plaintains were O ... M ... effing ... G good! Everything was delicious! We wished we had more time (or perhaps space in our stomachs) to try the Cuban sandwiches!
This place is a hop, skip, and a jump away from South Beach. I didn't want to spend a fortune on the main strip so my friend recommended Puerto Sagua. Although the interior is unimpressive, the food makes up for the lack of aesthetic appeal. The ropa vieja was very tasty! Croquetas de pollo are a MUST. The rice was a little dry but I guess on can't be too picky especially since we were there at around 12 AM. Service was impeccable. Our glasses were always full. I will definitely stop by next time I'm in the area.
Simply delicious! The looks might throw you off but it just makes it more authentic!
My girl and I recently got back from a Cruise... our first stop was in Miami Beach before the cruise actually left, and we couldn't wait to try some Cuban food. The Concierge at the hotel recommended a place in little havana, but we were without a car and wanted something within walking distance. He asked if we wanted quantity or quality,... we told him Quality and he told us about Puerto Sagua. It - Was - GREAT!! We tried a bunch of different things. I wasn't too crazy about the fried plantains, but that has to do with plantains in general, not this place. I loved the fried Yucca. The food was great! Definitely worth a try if you are in town.
Good Cuban Dishes by Ocean Drive!
The Cuban door man at my apartment complex recommended this place and who am I to argue with a native Miamian? Puerto Sagua is great Cuban food and gives you some serious bang for your buck. First time I went, I ordered the Ropa Vieja which is marinated, shredded pork with rice.  Good stuff.  I wouldn't classify it as "to die for", but a tummy filling meal at a reasonable price. The kicker is their beef tongue special.  I know.  Some of you think that cow tongue is disgusting and makes me weird.  I just think it makes me Chinese.  Just put the blindfold on and trust me.  I shared it with three other people who were with me (and not necessarily beef tongue fans) and those f@#&^$s ate the whole damn thing.  It literally melts in your mouth (which brings up another issue of a creature's tongue melting on your actual tongue, but we'll skip those visuals for now). It's good people and if you don't have the balls to give it a shot, I quote Kuato from the movie Total Recall, "Open your mind!"
4.5 Star. You have to try this place out if you are on Miami beach. I read the reviews of this place on yelp and decided to go there. The line was out the door! It's a diner restaurant with seatings inside too. I highly recommend the chicken dish and they have some extremely well done plantain that is a must have! Also ordered the Seafood Paella , they told me it would take 45 mins, and yes, it did take that long for them to to make it. The ingredients were there though and very authentic.
Ropa vieja was great. Appetizer; first time eating plantains; nice and taste a little like potatoes :) Cafe con leche was very good.
We ate here twice on a 4 night South Beach visit.  Located one block from Ocean Drive, it seems worlds away.  It is an old school diner featuring cuban specialties.  We enjoyed the cuban sandwich, of course.  It was nice and simple, as it should be.  Empanadas, bacalao, croquettes and fruit shakes were very good.  Also, nice simple food.  The quatro leches cake and the low prices earn this place its 5th star.
Ordered the oxtail stew since so many people said they loved it. Thanks fellow yelpers! Tasted like some of Ma's good old home cooking! If she were Cuban. Also, I split a large Cuban sandwich and even after cutting it in half, my portion looked like a normal serving. I only had a few bites since I already picked at all the meat from the oxtail stew. I ate the rest of the sandwich the next day while getting ready to go to dinner (ha.). Kept up nice. If I'm ever back in Miami, I'd probably go here for a quick bite.
The best meal I had in Miami Beach - thank you Yelp!!  Excellent roasted chicken with beans and rice. The chicken was so juicy and flavorful - I've never actually had chicken that tasted that good before. The rice was a little plain but with beans it became amazing.  The black beans came in a broth with just the right amount of spices and peppers. Emily had the shredded beef which tasted great, and we shared the tamale (ok) and ham croquettes (pretty good). The service here is fast and very nice.  We showed up to a line but were seated fast. We spent $40 for four peeps (no alcohol).  I'm knocking this place down a star because it felt a little cafeteria style, and it was cramped.
Puerto Sagua was the only sit-down dinner i had while i was in Miami, and WOW! IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT! i had the 2 pork chops, #61 i think, but this pork was amazing! juicy. tender. affordable. you can't beat it :D the bread to start you off is warm and toasted, the salad was perfectly seasoned, the waitress was really sweet, and the beer is chilled. def an "as good as it gets" type of place!
This place wins the award for the Best Grilled Shrimp I have ever eaten. I come here every time that I visit Miami. I always order the same thing - Grilled Shrimp accompanied by Sangria. It never gets old and it's always delicious. Yum. I'm hungry again just thinking about it. Simple, but so good.
Yum! Sit at the diner so you don't have to wait for a table. The food comes out faster and it's a nice experience. The roasted chicken is amazing and comes with rice, beans, and delicious sweet friend plantains! The avocado salad is wonderful, as is the tres leches and flan! Fast, delicious, affordable, authentic Cuban comfort food in South Beach. Get it! Mmmmm!!!
Amazing food. Well worth the wait. The place is not too big and the line might seem long, but it moves along fast. We had roasted chicken with black beans and rice. Perfectly cooked juicy delicious chicken.
When I visit Miami, I'm always looking around for exceptional Cuban restaurants and PS definitely fit the bill!  Upon my arrival,  I ordered a cortadito to wake me up.  The drink was at the right consistency, and there wasn't a chalky or bitter aftertaste.  For my entree, I ordered the Perico (scrambled eggs with diced ham, green peppers, tomatoes adn onions)  While I was finishing the cortadito, one of the waitresses started bringing around free glasses of freshly squeezed OJ and iced water to everyone!  I left PS feeling very satisfied with my breakfast and beverages.  I will make it a point to visit this restaurant again when I'm in town.
In search of good Cuban food on my Miami vacation I found this place on Yelp and a host of other sites. Everyone's reviews were astonishingly accurate. A hole in the wall with great food, warm and friendly service. There was a bit of a wait, but you know what they say- anything worth having... I had the ropa vieja and my cousin ordered oxtails. Both came highly recommended from our server, who by the way was a sweet kind older woman who made sure we were well taken care of.  Overall, great experience and I'll surely be back. Yum!
This restaurant has been around forever.  Great place to stop for a pan con lechon and a cold Hatuey at the counter while walking around South Beach.
There are a few places you dream of at night and this place is one of them. Whenever I am in Miami, this is the first place I go to for my Cuban fix. It's not pretty or fancy in any way, but BOY can they cook. From the fluffy rice, to the smokey black beans, or the sumptuous mouth watering picadillo... mouth watering just thinking of those things. I think I might just head to the airport right now and hop a flight to Miami to get my fix. If you go to Miami Beach, or if you live there and haven't gone yet, first of all smack yourself, then go. Stop readin and go. You still reading? GO! And enjoy, 'cause this place is the real deal.
I feel like this might not be a fair review because I didn't sit down for dinner or lunch. I was in the Miami area for the first time and wanted an authentic Cuban sandwich. Compared to what I've had in Seattle, I didn't know a real Cuban sandwich had pickle which is a just a taste preference that I don't like. I'm sure for those of you that like them, it's a good sandwich. I've heard GREAT things about this place though and am absolutely open to giving it another shot, but with something else from the menu. Little bit of a language barrier, so it would be helpful to know Spanish...
Yes in Miami there are Hispanic restaurants nearly everywhere but even though Puerto Sagua is in a moderately pricy neighborhood, you wouldnt know that when you get your lunch/dinner check. The atmosphere is chill and it is so great to have a decent meal after being at the beach or shopping all day in South beach. The decor is minimal and the music is never cheesy. I love the food and the servers are polite and not the least bit pushy. I dont think I ever had to wait for a table in all the times I have gone and you can never go wrong with a cold Jupina or Iron Beer with your dinner.
My boyfriend and I were in Miami for a few days before we took off for a cruise.  I had seen my eyebrow lady right before visiting.  She had visited Miami several times and she recommended this place. We ordered one of the empanadas to start (I can't remember which one) but it was dry and overcooked.  We also ordered the tamal which was pretty bland. I ordered the ropa vieja and my boyfriend ordered the roasted chicken.  Both came with a mound of white rice.  We also ordered the fried plantains because they're my favorite.  The ropa vieja was really tasty but the meat was pretty tough.  The roast chicken was cooked just right but nothing too special. Overall I'd say the meal was okay, not as great as the hype.  But far better than anything you'll find at any of the tourist traps in the area.
Unpretentious diner with great prices, service and food. The viejas ropas, sandwiches and flan are really good.  Very down home and worth checking out
Seems like a very authentic (and unpretentious) place. I had half a chicken and my friend the ox stew. I loved my food and my friend loved hers - the rice, the beans, the plantains, the sauce.. all really really yummy. The prices were very reasonable, so this is definitely a recommendation unless you really care about fancy decor! Oh and the service was (not overly friendly but) faaast - we got our food within 5 minutes even though the place was full.
My favorite restaurant in the whole wide world. Inexpensive and authentic Cuban cuisine. I love the Beef Empanadas and Oxtail Stew. It may get busy for dinner, but they turn tables quick. What else can I say? I can't....you just need to try it yourself.
Arrived here for a late lunch, pretty busy! People in bathing suits, casual attire, noisy kids and families.. Helpful waiters/waitresses. Wait time was a bit long, but it was very busy. Tables are close together and crammed together, but doable. I ordered the fried sweet plaintains and soupa de pescado (fish soup), very good. Has a fishy smell to it, and medium fish taste, but was pleasant, chunks of meaty fish, that is firm to bite, with carrots, potatoes, onions in a med.thickness soup base. Very good over all. Soupa de Pollo was pretty good, thick noodles and veggies. Cheap prices, good food. fulfilling for sure. Bread and butter brought to the table. Would stop by again in the future. Noisy corner resturant on 7th and Collins AVE
If you are in the area it's a must! Ropa vieja and Paella where exquisite! You have to try them...   Recommend ordering the Paella 30 min before you get there. Since it take up to an hour for them to have it ready. Great alcoholic drinks.. In the evenings it gets crowded.. Que ricoo!
this was my first cuban experience, so i have nothing to compare it to, but it was very, very tasty. the restaurant itself is sandwiched between modern stores (like armani exchange, sephora and banana), and old 2-story apartment buildings.  as you walk into the restaurant, it feels very neighborhood diner-ish.  it definitely has not been made over since maybe the 1950s, or earlier???   the food itself was excellent.  based on the waiter's recommendation, i had the cuban style shredded beef, which came in a little broth and simmered vegetables and tons of flavored shredded beef.  that, spooned over a plate of rice with a side of plantains...YUM!  my mouth is seriously starting to water just thinking about it now.  my fiance had the cuban sandwhich and a side of plantains, both of which he said were also excellent. the meal, with a glass of sangria and cuban soda was about $25.
I was surprised by the variety on the menu and authenticity of this cuban diner. Loved the mango natural juice, it was super yummy! I ordered the ropa vieja which was juicy and filling. In addition, I had a chicken noodle soup as a starter and it was very tasty however different than the american version obviously! Lastly, the cortadito was execellent but super strong. It is a cuban coffee with some cream but very delicious flavor! Overall, very happy with my experience and the price was great. We left and walked down south beach for the atmosphere!
Can't hit up Miami without stumbling in here drunkenly. Ambiance: 1/5 The place looks like it hadn't been mopped, swept, nor vacuumed in at least a week, while we were having dinner there was a cockroach crawling up the wall. The lady sitting next to it screamed and ran out the door. Food: 3/5 Cuban sandwich: delicious. Good meat to bun ration. Packed with ham, cheese, lightly seasoned with mustard and pickles, get a large one - great drunk food Empanadas: not bad, nothing special Fish Soup: I'm honestly disappointed given the previous glowing reviews. The fish was over cooked, rubbery and fishy. The broth was just mediocre. Service: 3/5 - no complaints Bottom line: get drunk, stumble in, have a sandwich, hop over to the next bar/pool party.
By far the most authentic AND delicious Cuban restaurant I've ever been to. Service was good. Food was amazing - I had the pork shoulder roast. Do it!
Its a good cuban diner but w/ no wow factor.  Consistent food, that hits the spot.
you're in Miami, you need to have Cuban food once.  and if you're too lazy to head to Little Havana, Puerto Sagua will fill the need. And it's true that my sole basic needs when it comes to Cuban food (besides mojitos) are sandwiches and black beans.  Hey, I am simple dude.  And for those pickings, this place hit the mark you can't go wrong with a media noche, some tostones, a bit of black beans, friendly service and a bill that doesn't shock the system.  all that is more than possible here.
I have Tried the stuffed yuca, pork shoulder with beans and rice, and Fried Plantains and it was delicious. I can't wait to go back for lunch tomorrow.
Came here after reading all the positive yelp reviews. We were only in Miami for a night before heading to Antigua for the honeymoon and we really wanted to try an "authentic" Cuban sandwich so we headed here. We had the Cuban and the ropa vieja.  The Cuban was pretty disappointing.  It was bland and barely had any pickles in them.  We've had some great Cubans in LA and NYC and thought they'd be even better in Miami, but we didn't find that to be the case. The ropa vieja was very tender and the husband loved it, but I felt like it could have been better.  The rice that came with it was amazing though.  I want to cook rice like that! Anyway, we were definitely not impressed, but at least we got a Cuban in Miami!
Spartan diner feel. I ordered several items on the menu, including cafe con leche, cuban sandwich, croquettes, arroz con pollo, plantain chips, beef stews and few other items overall food was decent and service was quick. Constant influx of guests (due to high yelp ratings) kept the scene interesting for people watching. I would recommend plantain chips, and delicious cuban sandwich with cafe con leche to finish it off. guava cake was uninspiring, Tres-leches cake was just ok I have had better tres-leches cake from Safeway groceries store in California
great food, close to the water.  cafe con leche...YES!  we came twice while down here.
After having dinner at a place on Ocean that had $5.00 Ice tea without any refills, we wanted something simpler. This was just what we were wanting.
One of your best bets for authentic cuban food in South Beach. This place is very popular and crowded. Try to avoid peak dinner times (6-8pm) or wait in a long line. They have an extensive menu of many Cuban dishes, and all the prices were very reasonable. I ate here 4 times and tried something new each visit. Their popular specialties are the Ox Tail Stew, Cuban Beef and Cuban Sandwiches. Most entrees come with fried plantains and white rice & black beans. Everything had amazing flavor!
Fish soup, oxtail stew and tres leches. Amazing! I would definitely come back here every time I am in Miami. Service was very good too
It's not really that bad; and, if you don't have a car and are staying on the beach, you really have no other choice. But for good Cuban food.......GET OFF THE BEACH!
Cuban sandwich. Nuff said.
I came with eight girlfriends and we all loved this place.  It's a small hole in the wall with authentic Cuban food.  Typically I'm not into Ropa Vieja but the one here was great!  Their sangria was also pretty good.  Good service and pleasant environment.  As for the food, they do lack salads on their menu and the decor could get a touch up ... But other than that --- place is good!
Went here twice while in Miami.  Would definitely recommend. Cuban sandwich was one of the best I've ever had.  I also had the shredded beef and it was amazing.  The food was not expensive and the service was good.
Went to Miami Beach for WMC/MMW and had a blast. I wanted to eat some good Cuban food before going back to LA and found this place not to far from my hotel. From the moment I walked in I knew this place was good because it was jam packed & it smelled good. The food was great and not to expensive at all. The service was ok too, they weren't rude or anything. It's a real authentic Cuban spot were the cooks and servers are Spanish speaking people. I would for sure go back to eat at this place, it was that good & the price was great.
I got the recommendation off Travelocity's top 10 places to eat in Miami and they were right....MUY BUENO!  It was so good, we ate here twice and would have eaten here more had we stayed longer in Miami. The place has authentic cuban food for a great price with quick service and no fuss.  I had shredded beef which came with white rice and plantains.  The beef was tender and flavorful although I did add a bit of tapatio to add that fire.  I mixed the beef with my rice and ate it together.  The fried plantains are really the best in town.  Just the right amount of fried to sweet flavor.  Also tried the cuban coffee....not the best coffee ever but it is worth having to enhance the cuban meal experience. I had a bite of my friends garlic shrimp and although it was good, when I went back the second time, I got the same thing....shredded beef.
Seems like a hole in the wall, but the food there was excellent... The place was packed so apparently the word is out...  Will definitely go back!
I think Puerto Sagua makes the best Ropa Vieja. I thought their ropa vieja was very flavorful.. There other sides of rice and beans is comparable to many other places. The plantains were very well done which is a staple in any good Cuban restaurant. I can say this a good place to have some Cuban food and fare prices. Its was pretty busy so the service lacks the personal attention you would get at a smaller less busy Mom's and Pop's. Good casual place with good food just dont go expecting too much and you wont be disappointed.
I had the pernil asado and my husband had the Cubano sandwich. They were both delicious. We were visiting for 3 days and I had to have it a second time.
This is my favorite low key place to eat at in Miami! It is always my first and last stop! The prices are great and the food is amazing!
Best place I ate my entire south beach trip. Love how that works--probably was the cheapest meal as well. Shredded beef with some beans on the side...absolutely amazing. Cool decor...old school diner setup. You could either sit at the bar up front or at a table in back. You know it's going to be authentic when you're greeted and asked what table you'd like to sit at in Spanish.
the cheapest and most delicious cuban food on collins! we ordered croquette - ok toasted bread - yum with butter ropa vieja - juicy and yummy oxtail - BEST! meaty and delicious! roasted pork shoulder - too dry the service was good and food delicious and cheap!
It's as good as everyone says. Chill, yummy and fun lively atmosphere. I'm a big fan of the mural!
Great comida Cubana.  Inexpensive, unbelievably great food.  You go there for that, not the scene or service...even though the care by my new friend Elgar is the best. Fried...pork...chunks! Are there three more beautiful words on the English language?  Get that for the appetizer, then tuck into Ropa Vieja, oxtail stew or vaca frita.  You might need a Lipitor, but will have no regrets. Awesome!
This restaurant was really good!  It is close to the beach, and is a great place to go if you are looking for some authentic Cuban cuisine.  Prices are fair (I'd have paid more for what I had, considering how good it was!) I came with 3 friends and was seated quickly.  The waiter took a while to come around to get our drink orders (they serve beer/wine) and again took a while to come by for our food order.  Waitstaff was perfectly friendly and answered our questions, but a bit slow -- they *were* busy, but still. I ordered the arroz con pollo and plantains.  Everything was CRAZY good!  The plantains especially were drool worthy.  Portions were large but I, being a champ, managed to stuff most of it in! Others in my party had empanadas and a pork chop entree.  I had some of the pork chops and they were also fantastic -- tender but also a little crispy on the outside.   Next time I am in Miami I will definitely be coming back here!!
Arguably the best Cuban food in Miami. None of the attitude of South Beach, yet its right in South Beach. The waiters are old-school Cubans. Very professional and they earn their tips. The prices are so reasonable, I think they have kept the same prices for years.
Oxtail is awesome. Perfectly braised in tomato broth. It feels like home cooking. Place is casual. No line. Seated immediately. Price is cheap. Friendly service. Definitely save room for coffee and caramel flan. Highly recommended!
Very busy restaurant located in the heart of south beach. Good prices very friendly and helpful service, and quite quick too. Had ropa vieje which was great. Overall experience was good. Would definitely recommend my friends to go.
Loved this place! I don't even eat fish and the fried fish dish was the most delicious tasting fish I have ever had in my life. Ended up going there almost every morning of my vacation for the iced cuban coffee with milk, too! :) If you are in the area and want to try authentic cuban food, you MUST try this spot! My friends were drooling over the oxtail stew!
For something so close to the beach, this place is amazing. Great food and cheap prices. I came here for lunch with 3 friends and were promptly seated. They have a massive menu which includes $8 -$9 lunch specials and different types of shakes and smoothies. They also serve wine and beer.   I ended up ordering a chicken empanada and a pork chop entree. Instead of getting a chicken empanada, I ended up getting a beef empanada. Still good. A little while later my sister order a beef empanada and I got to try it and it was just as good.   The pork chop entree came on 2 large plates. One for the rice and beans and another plate with 2 huge pork chops and topped with peppers and onions. It was soooooo good. Probably the best pork chops I have ever had. If I lived by here, I'd definitely be a regular.
We came here on a suggestion.  The food was very good!  I had the roasted chicken it was fantastic!  So moist and tasty!  The high light was the plantains!  Wow!  Amazing!  We walked about ten blocks to get there and it was worth the walk!   The service was very good as well!  The staff was very attentive to our needs and the price was not too crazy.   I would definitely come back next time in Miami!
The first restaurant i visited in Miami, it was overall a good experience.  The food was a new experience for me. Very good deal for the price.  The wait was not very long and it is in a good location.
LOVE this casual Cuban diner... been here at least 6 or 7 times and every time it's been consistent. Fresh/quality ingredients, incredibly cheap prices and super casual that they don't care if you stroll in with sand in your hair, as long as you've got the cash... :)
i still love this place. great picadillo, friendly and fast counter service, decent prices for south beach. a true miami institution!
This place has an old Cuban diner feel. It felt like home since we came to eat here 3 times. Yes, it was THAT delicious. Twice I ordered ropa vieja and the third time, I shared a cuban sandwich with my friend. Ropa Vieja (shredded beef) is SO delicious! The plate comes with rice and fried plantains and I ordered a side of black beans. The sauce that the ropa vieja sits in is seriously so delicious, the meat was very tender and shredded to perfection. Cuban Sandwich was very delicious. The bread was toasted perfectly and the deli meat was light and delicious. We ordered a cortadito with every meal, seriously, so amazing. Twice we sat at a table and the last time we sat at the counter. That was our favorite encounter, since we felt like locals. The next time I'm in Miami, I will definitely be visiting Puerto Sagua.
The first time I tried food from this place I was sick.  A good friend of mine brought me a bowl of their Chicken Soup.  I was hooked right then and there! This place is great.  It is a small "hole in the wall" Cuban restaurant.  The food is fresh, and the staff is friendly.  I love to pop in here for Croquetas and a bowl of their delicious Chicken Soup!  It is filling and very inexpensive.  Try their Black Beans and rice.  It is the best I have had on the beach!
Delicious and quick! The fried whole snapper was excellent and the rice and beans were very good and authentic. It's not as flashy as some of the spots on Ocean Ave, but that adds to the charm of the place AND the price is great. I'd highly recommend here if you're looking for great cuban food on South Beach.
I came here a few times for breakfast and lunch when I worked on the beach, the food is pretty mediocre
pork chunks! Quattro leches cake! This place is miami heaven!
I'm definitely not a Cuban food expert but the best way to describe Puerto Sagua is Cheap and no frills!  It kind of feels like dining in a trailer.  Yes, like the ones in a trailer park. Grab a seat at the counter if you don't want to wait.  The service is great at the counter, fast and you can easily flag the waitresses down. Loved the oxtail stew!  The meat tastes like it's been cooking for days.....so so tender.  I love tendons and bones so this dish was my favorite.  Ropa Vieja was very good as well.  You get large portions with white rice and plantains. YUM the plantains hit the spot!  Prices are very cheap.  Less than 10 dollars for most of the dishes.
What a joy it was to be able to come eat at this place during my stay in Miami. Had one of the waitstaff from Le Sandwicherie point me in this direction, stating that its gotta be some of the best damn cuban food she's ever had. Ever? Done deal, I'm on my way. The beef stew was out of this world, with the perfect rice and plantains on the side. Cuban panini's of course are a specialty, and my god it was good. Cant wait till I'm back in this beautiful city so I can get my hands on some more of these delectable goods.
I was in Miami for work and ate there daily--it is that good. I recommend the Ropa Vieja. My favorite desert was the Tres Leche cake. Heard the Cuatro Leche cake is good. I'll have to try it next time.
Let me explain all the stars here. It's not the best tasting food I've ever had. But what you get here is food that feels homemade. Five star comfort food. It doesn't seem possible to feel at home with so many people crammed in around you, but somehow, they managed it. Our food came out in record time. I had melt-in-your-mouth chicken. My boyfriend had Rabo--one of his favorite meals. If it sucked, I would've heard all about it. We basically ate in complete silence, unless you count sporadical "mmm" and "holy crap this is good." We ended up going back for coffee and pastries before leaving town. The pastries weren't as great, but it hit the spot.
Closer to 3.5 Stars.  Good basic down home Cuban cooking.  I recommend the roasted chicken and the pork stew.  Also, excellent  cafe con leche.  Rice & beans are good but not outstanding.  Good place to go for good Cuban food at reasonable prices.
I came here based on the high rating on yelp. I was not impressed at all. It's a dirty little diner which wasn't what expected. They make there own dressings, and leave them at the table which would be fine but they use old Heinz ketchup bottles for the dressings. It costs next to nothing to get some nice little dressing bottles so using ketchup bottles is pointless and gross. Not to mention, the dressing isn't pretty so if looked even more gross in the clear bottle. I was turned off so I kept my order simple. I got a cortadita and a midnight sandwich. Both were good, but it wasn't special. I don't know if I just got a bad feeling or whatever but my expectations were way off.
The best Cuban food you can get within walking distance from SoBe.  Puerto Sagua is a no frills, low key, authentic Cuban restaurant, with great prices.   Some dishes my group ordered that I got to try: 1) Ropa Vieja (Shredded beef) - never used to like this dish too much ... well, thanks to Puerto Sagua, now I do! 2) Pollo Asado (Roasted chicken) - so tender, moist and flavourful! 3) Tamal Y Croquetas De Pollo (comes with 1 Tamale and 2 Croquettes, plus fries; you can substitute fries for plantains) - really liked the Tamale; Croquettes were so-so 4) Emapanadas - I had the beef and liked it; others liked the chicken Their signature dish Arroz Con Pollo A La Chorrera (Chicken & Rice) requires 45 mins so we didn't get to try it but we wish we did!  Something to take note for next time.  If you have the time to spare, you should order it. We (7 of us) each ordered an entree, a beverage (coffee drinks/pop) and split the Bachelorette's meal and it only came out to under $20 each.  Plus, some of us even had leftovers to take back to our room, so the portions are hearty.  A must eat spot when you're in SoBe!
Excellent food, decent scene (even at 4pm on a Tuesday)... pretty lousy service, but hey, that's South Beach for you.  Actually, the order went in quickly and the food came out in a flash, but it took probably twice as long for the server to return to our table so we could ask for the check.  We even started to wonder whether there should be a rule about a time limit after which the patrons should be allowed to leave without paying, and also if there was anything appropriate that we could toss at our server to get her attention (of course, we were eyeing the soft things, like the leftover shredded beef).   That said, I am giving this place 4 stars because it really was good food (there were only leftovers because it was a good amount of food, and for a great price), and you just have to have patience with the service in this part of town.  I actually asked for the Tres Leches cake (which was the only thing I had there that was only so-so) to go because I thought if I didn't ask for the check when we finally got our server's attention, it might be another 3 years before we'd see her again.
The first stop I made after flying 8 hours back from London was here. I needed a fix after eating Horrible British food for 2 weeks..Jet-lagged and all... yes, thats how good this place is.. the ropa vieja is amazing, dont let the exterior of the building scare you off.
First full day in Miami Beach, I went here with my friends for lunch. It looks like a place that would be in the suburbs that my parents would take me to, like a non chain bickfords type place. We were seated right away, and the service was very attentive. There were a lot of choices on the menu, but we started off with a carafe of their advertised sangrias. . i had the oxtail, as well as one of my friends.  the other friend had a hamburger meat dish. when the oxtail came, it was heaped in a giant bowl, wow that's a lot of meat for someone who hardly eats meat!! but it was on the bone, and you pick it out, so tasty and tender. it turned out to be just the right amount of meat. it came with rice and plantains. my friend with the hamburger dish liked his too, but both of us with the oxtail preferred ours. it was a great meal, fun, and we finished off with cuban iced coffees to go, which balanced off all that sangria. i would definitely return!! too bad i don't live nearby. also, we came at a good time, because every other time we walked by here there was a long wait, including by the time we left.
Puerto Sagua was recommended to us by a local when we asked where a good place to go for Cuban food was. Overall, I would say it was a great deal for casual lunch/dinner spot near South Beach, but not the best or most authentic Cuban food I've had. The service was quick and speedy, and our waitress was really helpful and sweet. Food overall wasn't average, but they give you plenty of it and quickly. I had the shrimp enchilado - good, a tad spicy, filling. My friend had the Cuban sandwich which also was pretty tasty, but it was just standard deli meat and cheese in the sandwich. If you're looking for a quick and affordable meal in the South Beach area, this is the place to go. However, alteratively, if you're looking for a full experience of what South Beach is all about, I'd recommend putting forth the effort to try some of the other places along the beach.
The food was ok.  Gave it a 2 because the high ratings really elevated my expectations.  It wasn't bad, but definitely not what was expected.
Hungry after a morning at the beach, (and dodging those little blue jellyfish which were everywhere), we wandered inland to get away from the crush of SB. Love Cuban food, so were glad to find this place so quickly. Nice big place with plenty of tables, was packed, but still no wait.  Service was fast, and we ordered the special, Pollo Asado. Served in about 90 seconds with a side of black beans/rice, and fried plantains. So delicious! I was in heaven. the chicken was so tender, perfectly spiced, and the black beans - yum! So cheap, too, 7$ if I remember correctly. Our waitress was fantastic, very nice, and attentive, though it was obvious she was slammed. The coffee was amazing. They 15%ed us, and didn't tell us, but caught it anyway. Guess they have to do that given their usual 'clientele'.
Their cuban style beef is pretty yummy and nice cute restaurant.
Excellent cuban food. At par with Versailles in Little Havana. We had the hot chicken in spanish sauce, flan and some custard for dessert, some seafood entree', sangria for the drink. Our party liked everything on offer and we enjoyed the dinner.
authentic cuban food cozy atmosphere!  reasonable prices and hearty portions! The ropa vieja and roasted chicken were delicious! Best croquetas I've had!
Great cuban restaurant off the beaten path of South Beach. Cuban sandwich is tasty, along with several appetizers and chicken dishes. No need to go to some commercialized eatery. Check out this place!
I found this place through Yelp and decided to try it during my trip to Miami.  It had a very nice homely feel to it and it was easy to find.   My boyfriend loved the Ox tail dish and I loved the sangrias.  I practically finished half a carafe by myself.   :)
Excellent Cuban food.  I would like to offer more of a review but after an afternoon at a rooftop bar then watching the Giants/Packers game, the details somehow escape me.  But I do remember the empanadas and ropa vieja being excellent.
There is nothing attractive about this place but the service and food were good. We knew nothing and expected nothing coming here. We spent a day at that beach and wanted some cuban food. We got seated right away and the server attended to us right away. The food came out in a decent time. The food was ok, tilapia was bland, I had to put a ton of salt. The shredded beef was lacking flavor and the Cuban sandwich was average. The ox tail stew was very good though. If you go here, I highly recommend this dish. Overall, the servers did not have too much enthusiasm and they just wanted you to eat and get out. I can understand though, this place gets a lot of traffic and they have to deal with tourists all day so I can understand their frustrated look on their faces. But unfortunately, that's not my problem and when I eat somewhere, I sort of like have the feeling of being wanted there. Anyway, great spot for a quick cuban fix and just know what you're ordering before you order. Don't expect authentic, blow your mind cuban food.
Located in the heart of South Beach.  A block from the beach. Don't know what to order?  Get the oxtail stew.  Excellent.  Three meaty pieces.  Comes with rice and plantains. Nice friendly service.  We came for lunch and were able to get a table for four immediately.
Arguably one of the best meals we had in Miami! The ropa vieja and the roasted chicken were awesome -- but it was the sides: black beans, and plantains that stole the show! Make sure you get them with your meal. The quatro leches (think tres leches with dulce de leche on top!) was the BEST! Decor was regrettable, and the starters (we had croquetas and tamal) were forgettable, but all you really need is a couple of entrees and dessert and you're all set. Don't miss this place!
The tostones with garlic sauce were very good and there in house bread was good too I used the garlic from the garlic sauce with the bread. I ordered the camarones al ajillo with white rice and black beans and it was pretty good the shrimps were bigger than expected. For dessert I got a flan and I'd give it a 3.5 on the flan. Overall I enjoyed the food and atmosphere. I'm full!
The front desk of our hotel recommended we try Puerto Sagua for some authentic Cuban food.  We ordered the ropa vieja on our first visit.  It was ok...the meat was a bit tough.  The second time we stopped by we ordered the Cuban sandwich and it was delicious.  I wish I had ordered it in the first place.  Simple and tasty!
im always ordering food from here, and HEY!!! cant beat this yummy Cuban style anywhere around the area, price is not cheap, not expensive, but for sure u get more for what u paid, just real and excellent food, not junk stuff u can get somewhere in south beach, if u like a healthy style of life and save money not in a super fancy restaurant, this place is the way to go, well guys i just ordered my palomilla, so on my way to pick it up, is time to get shredded.
Came back after a few years. The quality remains consistent and great. I now have a couple of new favorites which include ox tails stew, ropa vieja and stuffed potato.
I highly recommend the sangria here! This was the best part of my meal! It came with watermelon and pineapple chunks in a mellow tasting red wine. It was served in a small craft which ended up being 2 or 3 little glasses of sangria. As an appetizer we ordered the plantains which were very good! We opted for the ripe plantains (per our waiters advice, vs. the green plantains) and they didn't disappoint- very fresh, warm, and sweet!! As my main course I ordered the shrimp enchilada (Cuban style) ~ our waiter kept saying how spicy it was, however, it was not spicy at all! I had to add a good amount of hot sauce to even make it somewhat spicy. The shrimp were delicious but there were only about 5 or 6 of them served with plain white rice in a red sauce (not what i had in mind given the name and the price ~$18).
First of 3 cuban restaurants my wife and I visited while on vacation in Miami. We shared a small cuban sandwich for an app and I had the seafood paella.  The cuban was nice, but nothing special, and the paella was unfortunately quite soggy with overcooked seafood and chicken.  My wife's ropa vieja was tasty, but again, nothing special.   I guess it's a relatively good place for being in South Beach and for the price.
My favorite place to eat when I'm in Miami Beach. The beans are the best. Plantains are Delish. Chicken is amazing. The food is authentic , fresh, and Yummers!!!!  http://Http://Foodandthecity.com
Food was edible. I have NEVER been so disgusted by a restaurant before though. The bathroom was repulsive and it really didn't seem like the place was sanitary at all. It  really turned my stomach, but yes the food was decent and pretty authentic. Ropa Vieja was good. I won't be returning though, and my family is usually down for any environment.
Finally got around to reviewing this place (ate here back in '09/'10, oops). First time in my life trying a plethora of Cuban fare since I had committed to living in Miami for that year. So with no expertise in what makes Cuban food authentic or great, I tried it and I enjoyed the dishes a lot. Tasted homemade. So take my review for what it is. There's over 1000 reviews. What are you waiting for? Go try it.
I read all the reviews on here and I was skeptical because of all the negative comments regarding the decor/appearance...Well, all of those were spot on. This place is a true local spot. Really nothing to look at, and upon walking in does have a diner-like feel. BUT, the food was great. True, authentic Cuban food. I had the shrimp enchiladas which were delicious and very flavorful. My friends had the cuban sandwich, tilapia with verde sauce and ropa vieja. They all loved their meals! We ordered the sangria and it was delicious! Service was great. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. Prices were very reasonable, too! I would definitely recommend coming to Puerto Sagua if you're looking for an authentic Cuban meal which in South Beach.
From the outside it appears to be nothing more than a clam shack of sorts- but the line out the door is an evident sign that one should never judge a book by its cover.   As my first time in Miami, I knew I wanted Cuban food.  After some thorough research, I stumbled upon Puerto Sagua as a mighty fine establishment in which to satiate my Cuban craving. If you go, I highly recommend: Chickpea soup- an unassuming dish on the menu but it was one of the best soups I have ever consumed.  For realz. Ropa Vieja- perfectly tender beef stewed with tomatoes and peppers.  So deeply flavorful and comforting. Roasted chicken- while chicken in restaurants is often underwhelming, this piece of pollo was sinfully juicy and perfectly seasoned- it put a smile on my face.  Definitely not yo mamma's roast chicken. Black beans- simple but with an awesome depth of flavor that lets you know that a huge pot of them had been simmering on the stove all day long. Fried plantains- amazing.  Intense and concentrated starchy deliciousness.  I'm hooked. And while it goes without saying, make sure your entree comes with rice in order to soak up all of the amazing juices and sauces! In a city filled with tourist traps, I was pleasantly surprised to look around and see the other tables filled with locals chowing down. This is certainly a no-frills establishment but with food this reasonably-priced, delicious, authentic, and in such abundant portions, there is no reason not to give Puerto Sagua a try.
Pretty damn good.
good cuban sandwiches on collins
The best Latin food on the beach (and I'm Latina). Their pollo asado is transcendent, and their chicken soup is magic medicine. Their cafe con leches are always perfect, never need to be sweetened, and you never have to add salt to your food because everything has FLAVOR! Pure utter deliciousness for people who are throwing their healthy diets to the wind for a meal.
food is delicious and you are served quickly. also, prices are low for south beach. yes, its true, they wont split checks. so prepare to do some math if in a group of separates....
This place is great.  We go here once a week for Sunday Brunch.  We have not had anything thing that was not great.  I can't believe how good the cuban foood is, considering how inexpensive the food is and it is right on South Beach.  The owner is very nice and Janet is the best server, make sure to sit in her section.   The only bad thing I can say about it is that it needs a make over.
The best cuban foo in south beach.  DT
Sad to say I invited my friend here who was visiting from another state.  This place made me feel pretty silly for recommending it.  The food was the worst Cuban food I have had so far in Miami.  The chicken was so dry with no flavor.  The service was very slow as well.
I thought the oxtail was pretty good - it wasn't really stew though, more like oxtail in sauce. Came with three oxtails My favorite dish was my friends fried tilapia - it was so crispy and flavorful! Lisa H had the ropa vieja - she enjoyed it. I'm personally not a big fan of shredded beef though so I can't comment Empanadas - they weren't AMAZING but I was really craving empanadas and these were nice and flakey and meaty so it was good Sangria could have been more flavorful. Overall, it was a very local mom/pop feel which I liked compared to all the tourist trap restaurants on ocean drive.  Definitely nothing classy
I ordered the cuban sandwich expecting to fullfill my cravings for the weekend but was totally disappointed. That AND the yuca with mojo sauce. The sandwich was bland and practically naked. I had to douse it with the bottle of hot sauce on the table. There were no sauce in there...the bread wasn't even grilled, nor was it warm...they were cheap with the meat...and there were no onions nor pickles on it. I've had better elsewhere in my previous trips to Miami. The yuca was actually boiled, so overboiled it was super starchy. blech! I expected it to be fried yuca sticks. darn!
Best restaurant I've ever been to and definitely the best Cuban food in South Beach... and for a reasonable price to boot! The atmosphere is casual. Food was incredible! I got a roasted chicken with beans and rice and plantains. Fulfilling meal with portion sizes that make you feel full but not stuffed. Very satisfying.
For the past 40 years, Ive been going to Puerto Sagua since the early 1970s.  I love this place! The decor is still the place...but did an upgrade by in the early 1990s so no changes.  The Cuban food is pretty good but not like cheap cheap but reasonable.
Had the Spanish omelet here in the morning after a long night of partying and it hit the spot just right. The diner seating at the counter made me feel less alone, the fresh Cuban espresso was ground and made right in front of my face, and the omelet had just the right outer shell and not too soggy middle. It was my kind of omelet and had lots of bits of ham and sausage sliced inside it too. The extra buttered bread was a nice bonus as well. The guy next to me tried ordering that in Spanish and they brought him out something else that looked pricey. He should have kept his mouth shut because this place was very generous to just bring it out for everyone for free. The language barrier here does make it a little difficult, I came in the day before because I wanted the fried Yucca sticks that looked like moozy sticks I saw on Yelp, but they said they didn't have any, so I ordered the Yucca ball I knew they had cause I saw it in the fried foods display case on the counter. I wasn't aware there was meat in the middle, BONUS! getting the sauce to dip it in like the yucca sticks came with was a little challenge, but they got what I was getting after after a second. Awesome diner spot and I would return here again with friends!
It's got the feel of a run-down diner, but the vibe worked for me all the way down to the kind but disinterested Latina waitress. We went twice on our trip, both times between 10pm and midnight. No wait, sat at the counter. I know it probably isn't rocket science, but the Cuban sandwich was spot-on. And we did have this sandwich elsewhere where it wasn't quite right. The bread is warm and crisp and soft, the cheese melted, and just the right amount of meat to balance the rest of the ingredients. I got it without the mustard and was very happy. Very affordable too - as I recall, the sandwich was in the $7 price range. Can't speak to any of the other dishes here, but for a late night spot, it was just right for us.
Best Cuban food at the beach. I come here probably everytime I visit South Beach. Actually, I think everyone  comes here when they visit South Beach. I've found that not only will the food jog your memory but  someone will  always remember to find a reason to bring you back inside this Cuban comfort-food hot spot. The interior or aesthetic appeal is  nothing fancy, which is a nice change from some of the  overdone places nearby. Its a regular restaurant, with square brown tables and basic chairs , with covered cakes and pastries perched upon the dinning bar as soon as you walk in. My favs: chicken, beans and rice. So simple and so right!   Also super yummy: croquettes, and crumb coffee cake!! They serve large portions, you may want to share with a friend.
Late on a Monday, seats were easy to come by. Got the snapper which was pretty delicious if somewhat simple, and came with basic but fresh sides, rice beans salad etc, and a tasty cuban beer. One friend called it a must-visit authentic Cuban South Beach institution and another called it a tourist trap; it seemed a little bit of both. I'd go back and try other stuff -- my snapper came recommended by the waiter but felt sort of dull, and turned out not to come with plantains (a crime). But I'm not sure it's an essential part of the South Beach experience, and it was kind of pricey.
Fast service good food
the is the where i discovered Cuban sandwich...i fell in love with it! after that i was craving for it ever since may 2011...too bad i couldn't find anything similiar in minneapolis area...maybe i just need to look around more...i would def go back and get more of those cuban sandwiches and take them home!!!
Stopped by here late after dinner just for a shot of cuban coffee. It was the best cup I had during my stay in Miami!
I'm a foodie and cocktail connoisseur so naturally on my first trip to Miami I was on the hunt for amazing Cuban food and mojitos. I stumbled upon Puerto Sagua one night and figured that from the looks of the place, and the fact that it was packed, that the food would probably be fairly authentic. The restaurant is nothing special in terms of decor. It's a simple diner setup with counter seating and tables. Don't let this fool you though. The food is absolutely delicious. It's mouth watering, lick the plate, and take a second order home for later good. This is the best Cuban I've ever had. The service was amazing too. The waitress was so sweet, energetic, and friendly. There were some minor translation issues, but nothing that couldn't be overcome. Out of a week in half in Miami and Orlando this was hands down the best customer service experience I had. This was also the only place in all of Miami that I was treated with friendliness, including my insanely expensive Miami Beach hotel. My only complaint would be that they don't have a full bar. There's no short supply of bars in the area so this isn't really a factor. If I found myself in Miami again (pretty damn doubtful considering my experience there) this would be the first place I'd go for a meal.
Went here for lunch while in Miami for work and it was hands down the best meal I had all week.  I suggest getting the Ropa Vieja!  Also, those black beans that my co-worker ordered were delicious.  Anyone know what they're called? Plus, the wait staff was great and the gentleman who served us was really nice.  Definitely coming back here when I'm back in town.
Busy, decent, good prices.. but comes with very run-down dated decor, rushed service and very basic food. Oxtail.. the main dish was great, the sides were very blah. Basic white rice, basic iceberg (blah) salad with ranch dressing, basic pasty puffy white bread. Skirt Steak.. terribly overcooked (leather despite them asking for Med.Rare) came with instant! (ie. fake) inedible mashed potatoes, virtually unforgivable even for a diner style restaurant, weirdly paired with canned peas and shredded iceberg. Croquettes... i've had freezer aisle supermarket ones that are better and thats not saying much. Everything is super basic, very cheaply made and presented. I suppose nostalgia for authenticity and homestyle cooking still trumps quality at this place, but the reliance on packaged products passed off as homemade is undercutting that dynamic and reliance on old school cheap basics (like iceberg) isnt helping them. Its not saying much when my favorite part of my meal was the can of Pear juice I ordered
Good food. Worth a visit. Do have the cuban coffee, its not to be missed.
Amazing Cuban food and coffee, in a little old vintage diner setting! Fun with the locals!
LOVE YOU PUERTO SAGUA!! if you're in the mood for some authentic cheap cuban cuisine, you've come to the right place.  their location is very convenient (right off of collins ave) but don't expect a fancy shmancy restaurant.  it's very laid back (reminds me of a jersey diner), but who cares if the food is so good???? expect a wait though! i've been here 3 times and i've tried the oxtail stew, ropa vieja, fried pork chops, and roasted chicken.  LOVE LOVE LOVE the oxtail stew.  the meat falls off the bone and melts in your mouth. add a little hot sauce with a side of yellow rice and black beans....and i'm in heaven!  the first time i had fried pork chops, it was very well seasoned and almost took 1st place in taste but, it was dry and not as flavorful the 2nd time around.  can't ever go wrong w/ the ropa vieja if you like beef, but the roasted chicken was not memorable.  tasted like the rotisserie chicken you buy at a supermarket ._. the only BLEGH thing were their desserts / drinks.  tried the tres leches and cuban espresso with milk...meh.  the tres leches was drenched in what seemed like condensed milk and the cuban espresso with milk seemed more like milk with one shot of cuban espresso, BLEGH. they sure love their milk. let's just say, i'd stop by here every time i visit sobe!!!
Get the Cubanos sandwich! Divey looking place but real authentic Cuban or so they say(I have no idea what real authentic Cuban is but it was damn good)
Delicious and perfect after a few hours on the beach. The most authentic in Miami? No. But it's still pretty spot on!
Excellent food. Fresh and tasty. And service is perfect! I went to Puerto Sagua two days in a row, for lunch. The restaurant was busy both times. Yet, they were very attentive and even welcomed me back the second day.
My husband and I first came here a year ago while on vacation.  We were riding bikes down Collins when we saw a crowd of people waiting to be seated.  At that moment, I knew we had to eat here.  It was love at first bite.  We were in Miami for 5 days, and we must have gone back at least 3 out of the 5 days.  Since then, every time we're in SoBe we make it a point to eat here.  The food is authentic and the service is great.  If you haven't already stopped by this gem, do yourself a favor; you won't be disappointed.  Oh, and if avocados are in season order the ensalada de aguacate (avocado salad) - simplicity at its best!
I was in town for business and my lovely cousin happened to have visited MIA a week earlier and did nothing but rave, rave, rave about Puerto Sagua and their Cuatros Leches Cake.  Alright, so I made the trip to South Beach but decided to make a meal out if it then to just eat their cake.  It was so good, the girl wanted me to bring some home back to SF...and let me just say that if I had a cooler and dry ice, I seriously would have! PSR pretty much is a Cuban greasy spoon and if you follow my Yelp reviews, I love me a good greasy spoon!  I sat at the counter for that full effect, not to mention I was dining alone.  The menu had a ton of stuff on it, I didn't bother looking too much into it as I was focused on getting their Cafe con Leche, Cuban Sandwich and a Cuatros Leches Cake for dessert. The Cafe con Leche was legit, it was rich and smooth.  I felt like I lost a shade of whiteness from my teeth, it was that smooth! The Cuban sandwich was decent, the sandwich was warm and the cheese was perfectly melted.  The sandwich was also big, if you're a light eater, you can probably share it with someone.  It was served with fries, which I didn't realize cost extra, no big deal.  They were the typical, frozen, burger joint kind of fries, definitely worth passing up. Now it was time for the Tres Leches Cake and man, will it give your taste buds TLC...seriously!  It was served in a cute little cup and the cake was sitting in a little puddle of milk, but the top of the cake wasn't frosting, it was like a thick caramel like type of layer.  Man, oh man...the Cafe con Leche destroyed a layer of whiteness in my teeth and the TLC gave me a cavity.  That was really some good cake!  I loved all the textures and flavors of the cake as you had the moist bottom of the cake and the ooey gooey layer on top.  As we in NorCal would say, it's HELLA good! Service was okay, the counter staff mostly spoke Spanish as did most of the patrons at the counter the entire time I was sitting there but no big deal, I wasn't looking for anyone to talk to. Overall, hit up Puerto Sagua, you'll get a good taste of some Cuban food and TLC...oooh yeah!
This is a great casual restaurant. Clearly it's popular, as it was crowded when we got there. The Cuban sandwich was great, as was the shredded beef and rice. The plantains were also delicious and we were pleasantly surprised by how cheap a meal for 8 turned out to be.
Yummy. I loved it. Anybody going should know that Cuban Food isn't the same as Mexican food...it's not as spicy generally, no, although there was hot sauce at the table. I had the picadillo de criollo which was this sauteed ground beef dish with onions, peppers and tons of green olives. It was delicious if a bit rich...couldn't eat all of it by any stretch. It came with a side of plantains (I ate them every time I could during my 3 days in Miami) and some nice black beans. The rice was just white rice, fine but I'm not a huge fan of white rice. It is true that the bread was a bit odd, kind of like if French bread and Wonderbread had kids, but then I realized it was what they make the Cuban sandwiches on. My food was $7.95, my beer ws $4, so this was an insanely good deal and good food....Again, not as spicy as Mexican food, but that's becuase it isn't Mexico it's Cuba...(Cuba is that place right next to Florida, see? Not really near Mexico at all)
Great Cuban food!
Slightly disappointing.  We sought this bar out for Cuban food, and the Cuban Medio sandwich was so dry.  I really wish I'd ordered something else.  The service was also slow (a common theme we found in Miami).
We came here for the reviews and location close to beach. The plantains were delicious and the oxtail stew was tender and delicious. The ground beef entree in comparison was boring. Overall efficient service and great cafe con leche too.
So many delicious things! Must get the Cuban coffee, croquetas, fried pork chunks (not a very sexy name but very delicious), and yucca fries. We even came back and got some medialunas (Cuban sandwiches) for the beach. I thought those were just okay but my friends loved them.
We visited on a Friday afternoon in January - just taken me a long time to write the review!   Food:  We ordered three entrees:  a Spanish-style ground beef that came with rice, black beans, and fried plantains, roasted chicken with rick balck beans and fried plantains, and broiled salmon with rice and salad.  My favorite was the ground beef dish, even though it had an overabundance of green olives whose flavor overwhelmed the dish, but the sauce and ground beef went nicely with the rice.  The chicken was a little dry even though it was dark meat.  Unfortunately, I didn't take any notes on the salmon! SERVICE:  The service was brusque.  We picked out a table as instructed by the posted sign but had to wait for a busser to clean up the table vacated by another party, and10 minutes later, a server gave us the menus.  Another server took our orders.  We were starving because it was about 2:30 by now, and the bread was being baked, so that came with our entrees about 20 minutes later. The prices and portions were reasonable, and I think it was a good place to get introduced to authentic Cuban food.  I would go back but would lower my expectations on the service side.
I love the medianoche sandwiches; the croquetas are also excellent. The ambiance is exactly like I like it: authentic, mixed, varied, not too noisy, clean and well-behaved but real at the same time. It is a pleasure to eat there. Also, the service is great and everyone (except for the old guy who assigns the tables) seems to be in a permanent good mood.
As our trip was coming to a close, we had two days left in Miami to hang out! We decided since the weather was amazing that we would hang out in South Beach grab some food, drinks and go lay out at the beach after. Since we were in Miami we knew we wanted some Cuban food but where to go. This is when we found the cafe. We parked at a nearby lot (since parking in south beach is crazy) and walked a couple of blocks. Entering into this place we were greeted, asked how many and were told we would be seated as soon as our table was clean. This place is on the older side (complete with counter seating) our table was close to the kitchen, which was awesome but squishy at the same time. Our drink orders were taken and we were given a chance to look over their full but simple menu. When the waiter came back with our drinks, we were ready to order: -Cuban shredded beef with a side of black beans and plantains Our meal came out fast, and smelled intoxicating. I did not know where to start first. In the end I tried my plantains first (warm, soft and lightly sweeten) If I could I would have traded someone my meal for another plate of these! The shredded beef was simplemente delicioso, full of bold flavor added some hot sauce, and wow, the flavors just blend! This was more than enough to share with someone as I found myself to full from inhaling my plantains. Black beans were okay, nothing to special about them. It took awhile for our waiter to deliver our check to us, as we had to remind him a couple of times. This café does get busy as we overheard the waitress telling a couple of groups that came in it would be a 45 minute wait. Yikes! Another budget friendly, yet filling place to check out when you are in the South Beach area!
Alright, but found plastic in 2 items- a large piece of plastic in the seafood paella and a little piece in the sangria O_o ?!?!
Isn't it funny how we use this type of peer to peer reviewing?  For instance, how could we possibly have given Puerto Sagua four start on average?  Now I'm sure that we've all had a nice, cheap, filling Cuban meal hear but really, can this cooking compare to some of the other four and five star places that are also listed on Yelp?  Hardly.   Puerto Sagua is an after beach, post cheeba filling station that tastes super good when you're super hungry.  But it's really, really standard Cuban stuff, about as good as I got used to eating while working at the Guantanamo Bay refugee project.  And believe me, noone ever deluded themselves into believing we were having a four star dining experience.  Come on people, work with me here!
Absolutely delicious. This place is the real deal if you're looking for Cuban food and probably the best in Miami.
This place is as good as it gets for Cuban food, or any Caribbean type of food for that matter. After we stumbled upon this place by sheer randomness, we ended up eating at this spot EVERY single time that we ate the rest of the trip. The food was better than all of the other restaurants and it was cheaper than them too... can't beat that. Everything here is great and you will be glad you visited this place after eating at some of the overpriced restaurants on Ocean.
Haven't had much Cuban or Latin American food since it's almost non-existent in the Bay Area where I live...but after eating here I now understand that everything Latin-American I've eaten up to this point in my life was crap. Ordered the oxtail stew and  roasted chicken plates for lunch, along with a fried yuca appetizer. I can't speak on the Cuban authenticity because I just wouldn't know...but it was definitely one of the most flavorful and delicious meals I've ever had before in my life. Worth going to Miami for just for this
Authentic Cuban food in South Beach Not fancy, as it is a diner-like atmosphere, but the food is delicious and always consistent.  I've tried the oxtail which they is said to be a house specialty - it was delicious...tender and falling off the bone! I've also had the Ropa Vieja (shredded beef Cuban style) with rice and plantains (it's #1 on the menu) and it was very flavorful. The portions were generous and I think you get more than what you pay for. I would recommend this to anyone that wants to try authentic Cuban food. It's right on Collins next to shopping and a few blocks from the beach. This is a must try when you're in town! Just be warned that on Friday and Saturday nights, it gets crowded!
Why 3 stars? Because it's reputation drastically over-hypes it.   ---   ---   --- I love Cuban food at an irrational level. When I last visited Miami, naturally, I wanted to try the most Yelped about establishment in the metro. I suppose there may have been a time where Puerto Sagua was the best, or one of the best places in town. I suppose its convenient location on SoBe, and 24/7 hours lead to its popularity. I suppose I could have just caught them on a bad night. But my experience was simply this: awful service and average food. I've had much better Cuban food many times, and the service was about as slow as I can ever remember experiencing. We sat at our table for about 25 minutes before someone took our drink order. We stared down every employee that walked past us, but it did us no good. The only way I make a return trip is under the necessity of its convenience. I'll chalk up my avoidance of a 2-star review because it's Nice Guy Monday.
I was recommended this traditional Cuban joint by a native South Beacher as a place to find good food for cheap.  The place is busy, feels like a diner, but is lots of fun. You get great portions for the price. Plan to stick with rice/beans/plantains if you're a vegetarian, but come on, it's a Cuban restaurant!. I went the veggie route, but if I had ordered a meat dish i might have given this review 4 stars since the chicken i sampled was YUM. The food was decent, a bit salty and plain, but the plantains and the roast chicken were great!
This is my most visited restaurant. That should say enough. Don't expect a relationship with the staff unless you plan on visiting weekly for 5 months straight. Their goal is only to get you your food and your goal should only be to eat it. This is the quintessential spot to fuel up on cuban eats. Go to the bar like a local, order the pollo asada, ask for bread, and feel special for knowing you'll get your food ten times faster than at a table. Dump that whole bowl of beans on that rice. Yeah! If you see the Spanish version of Albert Einstein that's the owner, Emmanuel. He fancies the fish dishes. He also just wants to get you your food. So just eat it dude.
I love these types of restaurants. The ones that are very authentic, have excellent prices, and are full of an international non-touristy crowd! They had a very large menu of non-Cuban and Cuban dishes including the one that I had, the Ropa Vieja, which is my favorite. The restaurant was packed with Latino's so I knew immediately it would be pretty good. The rice and beans were tasty and the service was surprisingly pretty good too. I would definitely revisit this place for lunch or dinner alike!
As many reviewers have commented, the oxtail stew is a must. The meat is cooked so well, it falls off the bones. Seasoned perfectly. The accompanying plantains are delicious also - perfectly moist. My husband had the grouper which was also very well done. They serve very authentic Cuban food, have an extensive menu and very quick service, especially for the large size of the place. The 4 stars is for the food. I would give it 2 stars for the ambiance and no stars for the cleanliness, especially the bathroom. I understand well-priced restaurants have a no frills approach to the decor, but this restaurant is just dingy and the bathroom is disgustingly dirty. Don't go for a nice long sit-down meal, but rather for quick, authentic, cheap Cuban food.
Great place for some authentic Latin food.  We came here on a Tuesday evening and we're literally the only ones in. The waitress was nice, but not very attentive.  The food definitely make up for that though. We got a ropa vieja and skirt steak.  So good and cooked perfectly.  We also ordered some sangria.  This is not a great value, as it is small and does not pack a punch.
My first stop on a ladies weekend away. Came here with luggage and all. 1. Atmosphere. Not romantic, not exciting, just your typical cuban spot with wooden tables and chairs 2. COFFEE, iced coffee, completely the most amazing thing after a early morning flight from EWR. 3. Empanadas and Cuban sandwiches are a complete must!
Great food. I ordered black bean soup which was perfect. The oxtail stew is by far the best on the menu. The roasted chicken was slightly overcooked, but had excellent seasoning. Would give the place 4 stars, but the sangria was good enough to bump it up to 5. Service was fine, ambiance was fine, plantain chips appetizer (with nice vinegar sauce) was fine.
Been eating here for 15+ years. Believe all the hype. Now that David's has closed on the beach (really sad face), Puerto Sagua is w/o a doubt the best Cuban on SoBe. If you are, or are hosting, out-of-town'ers, this will be both and authentic & delicious Cuban food experience for them!
So you came to experience SoBe, you want to try Cuban food and the concierge at your hotel told you to go to Lario's on Ocean Drive. NO! DON"T DO IT. Go instead to Puerto Sagua! It is a dive, yes. But it is a great dive. The cuban food is better and you will be in for a true Miami experience. You will also save a TON of money. English is a second language at Puerto Sagua (and indeed most of Miami) so deal with it. It is worth a few communication difficulties!
This was the best food i consumed during my entire stay in Miami! Yes I have had cuban food before but this place takes the cake, all of the food tasted as if your grandmother had been slaving over the stove for days to prepare it! I came with a group of 11 girls the host was very accomodating and friendly while we waited. We waited for about 25 minutes but we had menus in hand so we could get our game plans mapped out! We were seated and quickly drinks were ordered then out, bread followed immediately, these people really know how to get people feed and out! I got the oxtail stew with black beans and rice and plantains. I also tried some of my friend roasted chicken, and Ropas Vjeas. All were very yummy but the oxtail stew was the best Ive ever had hands down! The Black beans and rice were so flavorful i did not once use any condiments or salt on anything! Finished the night with a sip of cuban coffee my friend ordered, delish and was all i needed as i planned on sleeping that night! Food was authentic and priced well for the area! Please dont waste your money on Ocean drive tourist traps the food is not even comparable!
Stopped by on my first night in Miami only because it was down the street from my condo. This is definitely a local spot. It looks a little out of place along Collins Ave with all the nice shops. Nothing nice about this place, just an old diner feel with the wood panels and old tables/chairs. The pricing for food was good considering the location and food was just ok. We ordered the Oxtail, Tostones and Croquetas. The Oxtail was super salty and the meat was a little tough. The Tostones were huge and it wasn't even hot when it came out so it lacked the full crunch. The Croquetas were ok, it too much of a smoked ham flavor. Overall, good place to stop by when you want some quick Cuban eats.
Roasted chicken with yellow rice and plaintains = to die for.  Trust me! Shredded beef = good but it was cold by the time it hit the table. :-\ Cuban sandwich = nothing special for me.  My sister loved it..... Cuban bread = lackluster for me.  I've been told it should be slightly sweet... it just wasn't anything special for me. Guava pound cake was delicious.  Tres leches was addicting...and we wanted to try the quatro leches but they had run out. Cafe con leche = strong, hot, and milky goodness! Service = friendly and fast. Prices = reasonable.
Thanks Yelp for this find. We were in south beach looking for some good Cuban food and checked this place out based on reviews. Casual atmosphere and reasonably priced food.  Lunch was busy so there was a few minutes wait but well worth it. I had the shredded beef which was delicious. Came with side of rice and black beans. Service was decent.
Beware!!!! There was a bug in my ropa vieja! I  didn't see it till I got to the bottom of the serving bowl! Looked like black spider! Pretty gross!! And then they tried to make me pay for my food!?!? On top of that, the service was so slow!!! I'd never come back here or recommend this to anyone!
When my hubby and I were in Miami for our honeymoon, we wanted to try some authentic Cuban food.  We just happen to find this place while shopping on Collins.  One word - PAELLA.  It was one of the best we've had even though it took 45 minutes to prepare.  My hubby loved this place so much that we went back on our last night in Miami.  This time we had tostones, cuban black beans, and chicken steak.  YUM!  We would definitely recommend this place to friends and family who visit Miami Beach.
Call the health department.  They need to clean this place up.  The food is okay for basic cuban food but had a roach drop from the ceiling on my friend during lunch.
Finally! My 3rd night in Miami and I've had an excellent meal! I saw this restaurant while shopping on Collins earlier today. Of course I Yelp'd them to see what was up! What's up are those tasty Ox-tails! Served in a stew with a side of rice, the flavor was delicious! My husband had the prawns in Spanish sauce an gave it 2 thumbs up! Both dishes were satisfying! Too badd I didn't have room for more! The service was great and every table seemed to be enjoying the meals in front of them! Watching the food go by, I may be back for lunch tomorrow! Good food + good service= 5 stars
Been here since I used to visit Miami Beach as a kid.  My review may be tainted by good childhood memories of enjoying Cuban sodas like Materva and Ironbeer that weren't available in New York, so take my review with a grain of salt.   However, for Cuban food, there's no more authentic venue on the beach.  From the art on the walls to the food on the plate it's a throwback to the old immigrant Miami of the 1970's.   Unaffected by the changes going on around it, it remains genuine.  From the Miami Vice 80's to the current super exclusive "South Beach Turning into Manhattan" (it wishes) vibe, Puerto Sagua remains a casual slice of old Cuban Miami.  My favorite is the Masas de Puerco (pork chunks) and who doesn't like a few chunks of pork after a night of drinking heavily? Order it with black beans and white rice and some tostones on the side and drink a Materva with it...you'll thank me.
Potato balls mmmm Cuban food...yum!  Make sure to try their cuban coffee
The food was just OK. I ordered seafood paella but it was a little bit salty. The skirt steak was just ok. The homemade ice tea is refillable but they won't bother refilling the ice tea until we saw the other table's ice tea being refilled and we had to ask for it. The parking was horrible. No parking or valet. We had to park at a close by building for $20 flat rate. If you can choose another restaurant, I suggest go try other better cuban restaurants. The food is 2 stars. The service is 3 star. Parking is 0 stars. Overall, 2 stars.
I came here because a friend swore that it was the best Cuban food in South Beach. Although I didn't eat at any other Cuban restaurants while in Miami, I was definitely please with the food at Puerto Sagua. The portions were great...not too much and not too little. I definitely had leftovers to take home with me. They also have a great selection of wine by the bottle. The staff is very friendly and never gave us the impression that we were sitting and holding up his table. The only regret I have is not trying their sangria or their tres leches cake. I will definitely go back when I visit Miami again.
soooo delicious! was taken there by a local...it's so authentic, tasted like home cooking. will definitely miss it! everything was so delicious, meets and fried yuca were very very very good!!!!
Great affordable fast Spanish food. I got fried beff with onions and oxtail. It was delicious, can't complain. It helps if u know Spanish (Miami obv) I had a difficult time conversing, I been here couple times already tops Vieja is really good as well. It's a great deal since it on Miami beach cheap, delicious, and fast
Puerto Sagua is filling and cheap, but I wasn't thoroughly impressed.  Nothing about the Cuban sandwich or the ropa vieja really stood out to me from a flavor profile.  Rather, you get a Cuban sandwich on better than average bread and a ropa vieja that frankly wasn't any better than what I can find in the suburbs of Washington DC.  Maybe Cuban food is simply too delicious to stand out between competitors, but I'll admit that I was expecting something far more divine than what I found at Puerto Sagua.   Aside from the aforementioned traditional dishes, I tried a plantain omelet that didn't work and a tilapia soup that was pretty tasty.  The plaintains that came with my ropa viega were solid as well.  Having said that, on a future trip, I'd probably skip the Cuban experience altogether and make multiple stops at Cafe Charlotte for empanadas instead.
DELICIOUS! DELICIOUS DELICIOUS! went here on a tip from the hotel staff saying if we wanted to get authentic Cuban food then we need to go to Puerto Sagua. Has a tiny diner atmosphere that is always jam packed.  First time we sat at a table and the second time we sat at the bar.  The service is pretty quick but when it came to paying our bill it took a lot longer than normal. THE FOOD! AMAZING. The meat/rice/beans dishes were all amazing everything cooked to perfection and just enough spice! The bread they give you is almost cookie like and has a perfect crust on it and is so warm and soft in the middle.  I feel bad for all you that are sans carbs.  the Midnight sandwich was very good specially with the hot sauce they have that is amazing. Definitely will come back next time I'm in South Beach!
They have this sauce you dip your coconut shrimp in and I could drink it whole! They are a little bright in here but it's cool it's seems like a low budget spot to run in and grab something and go. The Sangria's are really good though. I will come back here for a quick bite to eat.
Straight up Cuban comfort food. Loved the pot roast beef with Moro rice. Also the chicken soup and yellow rice. For dessert, good flan with caramel syrup and a cafe Cubano!
Me and my boyfriend went for the first time in Miami and loved the oxtail stew and Cuban black bean soup. The seasonings were perfect , the meat was tender and falling off the bone.  The decor wasn't the best, and the lighting in the dining area could've been better. Overall the food was awesome!!
Amazing Cuban food! Get the rope vieja or if you have time- the paella authentic restaurant for cuban locals and cool tourists who don't mind the low key atmosphere...
In my recent double stay in Miami I asked the hotel clerk, what is the best Cuban food in a city full up with Cubans.  He pointed us here and I am glad. I had already tried a couple of places and they were all OK, but blah, nothing to write home about.  This was the only place that merited a review.   It's a dive, with a diner type counter on one side and formal sitting on the other.   The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon at 1.  I mean packed.  We were still seated quickly since the turn around seems rather quick.   I had been dying for some Ox Tail and it was AWESOME!!!  Not the best I have had, but exactly what I needed and wanted at the moment.  My wife had the same thing and my kids both had the fried chicken.  The fried chicken was made Dominican style since I am dominican, but I am sure Cuban's do it the same.  That was up there with some of the best I've had.   We had no room for dessert, but it was the best Cuban I found and this was my third time in Miami in the last 2 years.   I'm sure better can be found.  But if you stay on the touristy Miami Beach which I do.  This is the BEST there and central to boot.   Right In the middle of it all a block from the beach!
Awesome Cuban diner in the heart of SoBe.  Fast paced dinner on Friday evening, their menu is large, good to peek ahead so you're ready to order when your busy server comes your way.  Very fast and very friendly service, our waitress answered all if our questions cheerfully. Good selection of bottled beers, all $4.75/each.  Sangria looked good too, most wines are by the bottle only, serviceable list and decent prices.  Menu is in both English and Spanish. We had empanadas to start, one each chicken and beef, both good.  Split the medium Cuban sandwich and the oxtail stew, both with Moro rice (white rice with black beans and bits of fried pork).  Everything was delicious, oxtail totally falling off the bone with amazing broth, and delicious Cuban bread on the melty goodness of the sammy.  Loved the sweet hot sauce on the table.  Cuatro leche was out of this world for dessert (very rich, glad we split it) and the Cuban espresso was just perfect. Great place for a low key, flavorful meal in SoBe.  We plan to go back for breakfast tomorrow to report on the cafe con leche situation.  :-)
I love this place. Filling, cheap, tasty, flavorful, and huge dishes. The plates typically go for around $15-20 but come with rice and salad. The Hus and i got the Tilapia with the garlic sauce and the Verde sauce. The sauces pretty much tasted the same the only difference was that mine was green (from basil). Either way the food was delicious. In a previous visit i got the Arroz con Pollo and a friend got a Cuban Sandwich. Those were also delicious and flavorful as well. Great food, great prices in comparison with the competing businesses near by and the real deal.
Thank you Yelpers!  We were in town for a couple of days and wanted yummy Cuban food.  Not only is the food delicious here, the portions are very generous and it's so cheap!  Entrees were generally $10-17 for us; a bottle of white wine was $30. At first glance, we couldn't believe we were standing outside of a place with 250+ reviews.  It looked a little run down, bordering on shady.  Peeking into the window, this place looked like a greasy diner.  But several "Zagat Rated" stickers on the windows reassured we were at the right place. - Appetizers: Shared several empañadas and a croquetta.  Empañadas were flaky on the outside with slight curry-flavored meat/vegetables inside.  Croquetta was basically a mini corn dog with chopped ham in the middle. -  Ropa Vieja (I love eating old clothes, don't you?) was so juicy and moist!  Sauce was yummy, not overly salty. -  Ordered "medium rare" skirt steak and it came out "well done".  Oh well, it was tasty nonetheless.  It came with a sort of briny side sauce that was a bit salty, but went very well with red meat. - A friend made a point to order black beans and said they were delicious.  Looked like Brazilian feijo to me. -  Coconut Flan was a bit overly sweet for my taste.  Nice and smooth flan with bits of coconut at the bottom,  but I couldn't take more than 2 bites without losing a tooth. -  Meals came with generous portions of salad, plantains, white or saffron rice.  Mm, the saffron rice was so aromatic.  The suspicious yellow stuff that looks like Cheez Whiz in a ketchup jar on your table is actually French dressing ;) PROS: - Delicious, very well-priced food.   - Our server was extremely friendly and patient in explaining the menu and letting us mull over our choices. CONS: - Not all of the servers speak English, but this to me is a sign of good food!  Nothing a little sign language couldn't fix. - Paella takes 45 minutes and they were sold out of Oxtail Stew at 8am :( - We ate around 6:30pm and got seated right away.  Mid-dinner we noticed there was a bit of a wait for dinner. This place has me looking for Cuban places in L.A.!
looking for a quick cuban latin spot on south beach puerto sagua is a good one.
First Cuban food I've ever had.  Fried plantains were good and the ground beef was delicious.  Here's the problem though, the serving size is so small for the price of 22 dollars!  I'm from California and the amount of food I got should be 12 bucks tops.  I felt like I was robbed in broad daylight.
We were in South Beach one week and we came to this restaurant twice, it's just amazing, food is awesome, staff is great, venue is so comfortable and typical decoration from Cuba mixed with Florida. The prices are so sharp, and it's always full of people. I recommend this restaurant to everyone! I wish I could go back ! Go for the recommendations of the day, you won't fail! they re so delicious! and the desserts as well!
Respect the Oxtail! Chill and pleasant atmosphere. Our waitress was really nice, no pressure, no tourist trap. Old school real deal spot since 1962.
You must go here if you want to try some good Cuban food in sobe. The ropa veijo was delicious and the prices are very reasonable. I came here twice on a recent trip to miami. you dont want to miss this!
Very busy place. Food served quick service not so quick. Decor matches prices. Great place for a quick inexpensive lunch! (started this review 5 months ago)
You looking for a hot Miami spot with happening cuisine? Keep looking. Have a party of 20 snobs from NY to feed? Do us all a favor and keep walking. Do you want some great cuban food, ice cold Presidente's, and great prices? This is your spot. My favorites are Ox Tail stew (Wed. and Sun. specials), and the roast pork. Get the rice and beans no matter what you order and the yuca and plantains are fantastic too. Try to order off the specials if possible, be sure to save the bread for the fantastic sauces you are going to want to soak up, and the coffee con lece is a great way to finish up, maybe with a piece of flan on the side.
Great little diner-type spot with real, authentic Cuban cuisine at amazing prices! Super inexpensive for how good the food was. $5 beers also. Service was ok, extremely quick - got my food less than 5 minutes after I ordered! Would definitely come back. Only gave it a 4 instead of a 5, because it really is a hole-in-the-wall.
Amazing home style Cuban food! Just like my mom makes! My tummy and wallet are happy. Delicious food and reasonable prices. Don't miss out on the Tostones or the ropa vieja!
The roasted chicken is super tender and juicy. Croquette is very flavorful and the plantain is the best I ever had!
Good, family style and very homey. I had the "Fried Pork Chunks" and it was amazing - like eating deep fried bacon. Washed it down with Sangria.  My son had the Cuban sandwich, which was pretty good (considering we've tasted a lot of these in Jersey City), but my daughter wasn't happy with her Pollo Asado, which was dry.
We saw this place packed with a standing line out the door one day while driving down Collins Rd so I knew I had to try it out.   The place seems to always be busy. We had the oxtail stew and roasted chicken plus sangria.  It was a very satisfying meal.  Wish I had another stomach to try other dishes!
The roasted chicken special was delicious and cheap. If you're looking to grab a no frills, cuban lunch for cheap, this is for you! They were very quick with their service and the food was ample.
Every time I am in South Beach I hit some highly rated restaurant and I found my favorite yet with Peurto Sagua on Collins Ave!! Had the munchies so I just got the croqueta and fried pork chunks. You have not LIVED until you've eaten these fried pork chunks with caramelized onions, peas, red bell peppers, and hot sauce (unless you're a vegetarian). It could not have been more perfect!! I will be coming here again, I don't usually do that either!! Don't let the divey look of this place fool you, it's authentic and could not be more perfect!!!
The yuca rellena & camarones empanizados con coco was awesome! The pollo asado was good, but on the dry side. The flan de leche was subpar & not exactly what I'm accustomed to.
I have a real respect for restaurants like Puerto Sagua. They could have easily gone upscale and charged double for all the meals. Instead, there's a really welcoming, casual atmosphere about this place, and it doesn't come at the expense of flavor. I arrived with my girlfriend, and we were seated pretty quickly (less than 5 minutes) even though the place was packed. We got a table in the corner, and began to look over the menu. Menu says they are well known for seafood, so I decide that I'd better get some. After a quick order of some iced tea and cranberry juice, I decided to get the red snapper fillet with shrimp, and my girlfriend got the grilled tilapia. A few sips of drink later, some warm bread and butter arrive, and soon after that, the salads that accompanied our entrees. Nothing fancy: some lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumbers, but it was refreshing and hit the spot. Besides, no one ever said simple can't be delicious. The food arrives, and the food was incredible. The texture on the snapper was great: nice lightly charred outside, tender and melt-in-your-mouth juicy on the inside. I didn't think the snapper could be topped until I tasted the shrimp. To be honest, I don't have a lot of shrimp, and I've only had it a few different ways, but however they grilled this, it was amazing. Three genuinely jumbo shrimp were bursting with flavor--so much that I kind of wished that my whole entree consisted of shrimp. My girlfriend raved about her tilapia, and made the same exaggerated face I did about the shrimp. We had ordered stuffed yuca, but they didn't have any. The rice that accompanied the meals was well salted, and overall the service was just fine. Once we were done devouring the main course, it was dessert time. Coconut flan for her, and tres leches cake for me. I didn't get to taste the flan, but the tres leches cake? Delicious. I really like that a place like this exists among all the clubbing and expensive restaurants. If you want good food more than you want to be seen, this is a good place to check out.
OVERRATED!!! The Ropa Vieja was flavorless! It was basic roast with zero flavor. The beef empanadas were dry & the ground beef was not seasoned...again, plain, boring taste.
they serve best cuban coffee I've ever tasted! very good oxtail lunch dish, and their dessert(cuatro leches)is just so very tasty. wanted to try their yuca fries, failed 2 times(very popular, they were out already).  we will go back for more.  their friendly and fast service is a plus too!
stopped in a for a quick breakfast on a Sunday morning.  Order the Cuban Sandwich, Cuban espresso and fresh orange juice.  Service was quick and friendly, the food was very tasty, the coffee strong and sweet.  An excellent meal while passing through town.
First off -- Don't come here expecting good service.  If you're a in party of 4 or more, gratuity is automatically included on your check, so maybe that's why don't feel like they have to provide good service to you.  They also don't split checks. One of the girls and myself ordered the ox tail stew and the other two ordered Cuban sandwiches.  The food took awhile to be delivered, and our ox tail stews were sent to the table with no rice or plantains... our server said "it'll be 2 minutes for the rice."  We began nibbling on the ox tail, but after 15 minutes, there was still no rice or plantains.  We hailed the server down and he said it'll be another 5 minutes for rice and got annoyed with us and asked us what rice we wanted (between yellow and white), and 10 minutes later, he hastily dropped off the rice. When it comes to food, come here for the ox tail stew.  The meat is so tender, the portion is huge, and the stew is flavorful!  Make sure they give you your rice and plantains with it though.
I don't think this place lives up to all the hype!!  Heard Puerto Sagua has a really good pork belly dish so I had to give it a try while I was in South Beach for Holy Ship!!!  Not sure if I went on a bad day but it wasn't as great as I thought it'd be.  Their food wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  I was actually expecting more with all the recommendations and publicity that the restaurant has.  Then again, after having Tap Tap's pork belly dish, I don't think any other restaurants in the area can have something better.  Their Cubano sandwich was good though.
I love this place!! We went here for dinner during WMC week so you know it was a shit show.  Really packed but we beat the rush.  Their known for their beef and chicken but I wanted to try something different and went for the fish w green sauce. The portion was huge but it was sooo good.  My itty bitty ass wanted to eat the whole fish but I couldnt! It came w plantains n rice.   It's only right to also try their cuban coffee.  Super strong but delicious.  This place is a staple everytime I visit Miami.
Met up with a group of friends here after seeing Yelp reviews and a good zagat rating. It had a local joint feel, nothing fancy, just down home cooking. The prices were reasonable, especially for SoBe area.  We ordered some empanadas (meat pie on English side of menu) to start, both the beef and chicken version were good.  Ordered the oxtail stew, it was delicious.  It wasn't a soup like i expected, just 4-6 pieces of meat....fall off the bone delicious meat. It came with a side of rice and beans.  Brought the rest home.  Delish!  Would definitely go to again, only if I lived in Miami, until next bachelorette party weekend!
Yumm! This place was delish! I ordered a Cuban sandwich with a side of tostones! It was way too much food. Took half for dinner later. Yummy yummy Cuban food!
Delicious! Fried yuca, black bean soup and Cuban sandwich all very good!
Really delicious Cuban food that taste like what you would get at home. I had the roast chicken with white rice, black beans and plantains. My friend ordered the ropa vieja (shredded beef). The prices here are very reasonable especially when considering the huge portion sizes. I ate less than half of my food and was completely stuffed. The food was so good that I really wanted to continue eating despite being so full. I was also sorry that I didn't save enough room for dessert since they had tres leches on the menu and I really wanted to try it. I am for the most part not a big lover of beans but as any Dominican is something that you absolutely need to have when eating rice. I was really amazed at how delicious the black beans tasted! They were seasoned perfectly and were just the right consistency. Overall the food here is very authentic Cuban food that taste just like what you would get at home.
amazing cuban food for great prices! don't get tricked into going to all of those overpriced places on ocean drive! You get alot for your buck here !
This is the first place I ever went to based on Yelp- and I have been a Yelp guy ever since. Let me start by saying I had never had Cuban food before this, but traveling to Miami for work made me seek it out. It's like going to Kansas City and getting BBQ, but I'll leave that to future posts. ANYWAY, this place was great, and felt very authentic- even though I really had nothing to compare it to (at the time). It was a slow night- it also happened to be the night that the primary in FLA was taking place. The service was equally slow as the business, but not a show-stopper. What WAS a show stopper (in a good way) was the appetizer we got- fried yucca and mojo. Many of you Miami natives may take many things for granted, much like when I moved to Colorado and natives here took green chile for granted (now I know it is the official nectar of the Gods). The mojo in this place was amazing. My best description (and no matter how weird this sounds, it is a GOOD thing) is that they have a Lime-Garlic monster in the back of the restaurant, and they harvest its sweat and serve it as mojo. I like to think I can cook a little bit, but I wouldn't know where to start with this mojo. It was just so clean, so organic, so garlic, so lime, so good. I hadn't even had yucca before, and it just seemed like a naturally creamier potato. I really could have had this all night. I ended up having a roast pork entree, with grilled onions, and steamed yucca. It was good, but what keeps me up at night is that mojo with fried yucca. Since then I have went to Cuban places, but can't get that mojo the same way. If anyone can get me a recipe for that mojo, there might be a minority stake in my soul for you. Seriously. Go here, get the fried yucca, get the mojo. Wow.
this beats any restaurant along the beach!!  a block away and the prices and taste move a few notches up!!!  oxtail stew, tamal, pork chunks, drinks and the works!!  the portions were also very good.  imported beers are about the same prices as domestic ones.  the place is very busy and there were no empty tables even at 8pm.  great job guys!  keep the food standards over the moon.
I've only eaten here takeout, but twice in ONE day so that means something right? I came here for the Cubano and then later after a SOBEWFF event came back again for ANOTHER Cubano [w/ extra pickles] and their Oxtail special [came with white rice and fried plantains] the place is SO good.. think diner.. cuban style :] Will be back again and again everytime I'm in Miami
Vanessa our concierge recommended this place as all 10 girls from the Bachelorette party was craving some authentic Cuban food.  We wanted to go where the locals go.  Didn't have to be fancy...just some good eatin'!  I remembered most was the oxtail...it was so tender and flavorful..it fell off the bone!  The service could have been better but, we were starving and didn't care.  I'd have to say, just know what you want to order and don't ask a lot of questions.  Our severer looked a bit annoyed with us when we ordered plantains.  We didn't know there were different ways of preparing it..he said there was a sweet one and a regular one.  We asked which ones do people normally order, he said both..so we said...OK, both then.  I think I liked the regular fried plantains where you dip it into this garlic vinegar.   We ordered the Cuban sandwich, pulled pork, oxtails, plantains, and some other stuff that other Yelpers had recommend.  But overall, I could only remember the oxtail. :)
This is a local go to place, and just expect good food, okay service, VERY FAIR PRICES for the area, and a wait that's at least 30 minutes (more if you have a larger party).  We came with 8 people, and had to wait about 45 minutes at 8:00 PM on a Saturday night.  It's not bad, but if you factor in that you can get a seat on the strip in 30 seconds with a larger party, then you better expect a diamond in the rough.  In the end, I think that there's just a loyal customer base that's spread the word so much that everyone now tries it and they are sheep lead to the slaughter.   Our experience was not smooth while waiting.  There was plenty of room at the sit down bar, and I asked for a beer while waiting.  The one waitress said sure, but 10 minutes later I still didn't have a my beer, so I asked another server who denied service saying that you can't just have a beer.  I responded, well I'm waiting for a table and having dinner, and that was met with another denial until the original waitress came and gave the beer.   We were then seated at two small tables that might have been tight for 6 people, but we had 8, making it feel like a clown car.  I'm a bigger guy, and even though I'm not claustrophobic, I felt like I was here.  Don't expect a lot of room here.   The service was quick, but not happy.  No one smiles, or makes you feel at home.  My water was always filled, but no one asked if I wanted another beer.  I'm not certain if it was just the day, but someone has to figure out how to make the staff smile and be happy.   I had the Filete De Puerco pork filet. rice and black beans, and it was very good.  I would highly recommend it if you eat here.
First time in Maimi. Never tried Cuban food and wanted somesome place Authentic. With 1000 + reviews and 4 stars I might of had to high of expectations on the food. For the type of restaurant it is its average which is great for the location and the prices were low $10 for the ox stew $9 for the large Cuban. There was a line when we got there but it moved fast and the service was good. Very casual vibe and I liked the food. They give you bread after you order and it was pretty bad crusty and steal  also it was like that on the Cuban. Might be a Cuban deal but not a fan. My ox stew was good tender meat and rice reminded me of pot roast. Overall really wasn't impressed nor dissatisfied just good.
No hablo el espanol, pero El Puerto Sagua inspires me ecribir un review in espanol terribile! Para commencar, SANGRIA - o mami Croquetta - o mami Papa rellena - un poquito seca (dry?) otherwise bueno!!! OK - that's enough of my ridiculous spanish. But honestly - OMFG. This place is amazing. The pescado al salsa verde is fucking inspiring....that poor little fish is now my muse. The other fish (red snapper?) was fresh, grilled, and awesome. Ropa vieja? Awesome! 1/4 chicken - similarly awesome. So were all the trimmings - beans, rice, etc. Also - the cafe (espresso) was so good. So soo good. Much better than at David's, which came highly recommended. I'll miss you back in NY :(
Excellent cuban food that makes you feel like you've been invited to someone's home for a home cooked meal and makes you forget your troubles.  The ambience is not that great but you quickly forget about that once your taste buds are engaged.  The service is great and the locals are helpful.  I ordered #1 and some of their homemade iced tea. Yum.
the lines are long, but it's so worth the wait!   of course, when the line goes out the door of a restaurant it means that the food is amazing.  and oh yes, it is!   i've never had Cuban food before, but because of this place, now i know i love it!  i ordered #31 from the menu: cuban style shrimp.  oh so sour, spicy and delicious!  it comes with rice, salad and plantains.  my husband got the ropa vieja (shredded beef), platains, and rice.  also excellent!  we were so full, but we shared the coco flan for dessert. definitely a good idea!  the yummy coconut caramel custard was to die for.   the food at Puerto Sagua is not fancy, but comforting and delicious!   definitely come here if you're in South Beach!
Still trying to understand how this place could get 4 stars. Food was a-ok, but certainly nothing particularly impressive. It was not the flavorful feast one expects from a Cuban restaurant. Nothing was bad, but nothing stood out either. Service was spotty. One time it was outright terrible, another was better. One redeeming quality of this place is that it is only two short blocks away from the madness of Ocean Drive. If you want to spend an hour in a "quieter", somewhat run-down restaurant, this is it. If you want to have good Cuban food... Maybe you want to consider alternatives. In fairness, I have to say that their coffees are fine. Definitely better than the regular fare you can get in the neighborhood. So perhaps 2.5 stars.
The best food ever!..brings back memories. ..the real original cuban place its been there since I was little.
So fresh, so good. Heard of this place from a local and unlike most places in the area, prices were decent and food was delicious! Loved it.
Oh puerto sagua how I love and hate you. Love love love the food but hate that you're in South Beach. You deserve so much more. Kind of the spot you'd expect tucked away that you feel privileged to know it's whereabouts. Oh and get the shredded beef. No questions.
Ropa vieja it is! Super savory and delicious. I liked the platanos fritos. The bread is good, too.
Went here for lunch before heading to the beach. This is what I imagine a Cuban restaurant to be: packed, loud, and a variety of authentic food. There specials are a really good deal, especially the grouper fish platter that has a huge piece of grouper filet fried to perfection. I had the ground beef plate that came with Spanish style ground beef, rice, beans, and fried plantains. Loved the plantains and the beef, rice, and beans went great together. I wish my rice was the yellow rice though, because that was bomb. Each portion is large and can easily be shared. Communication with the waitstaff was pretty difficult and I don't think they're too fond of large parties. Oh well, the sangria that came with fruit in the cups took the edge off ;)
not much to write home about( home=yelp) got the ropa vieja, which I've had much better at a local mexican/spanish rest here in FtL., kinda bland w. no spice. unimpressive. cuban coffee was good. but its kinda hard to screw that up. dont rem what the peeps got, but I dont think i'd be back again, i'll yelp around the area til I find something better.
On our Miami trip, we wanted to try an authentic Cuban sandwich. We ordered one here, and we also ordered the roasted chicken entree. The chicken was tender and delicious, and even the rice was very flavorful. And I really enjoyed the sweet plantains. It makes me want to buy a bunch of plantains and fry them up.
#16. Churrasco skirt steak, mashed potatoes and salad      17.95 That was the best item that our family voted on when we had our experience eating at Puerto Sagua while visiting Miami. Order that if you get a chance to dine here. *Also love the plantains and  you can't go wrong with their chicken dishes either. Other than that, nothing really stood out for me, made me crave or was memorable enough to give it such a high rating that it has on yelp. Service was slow as well but the place was packed and is obviously very popular with tourists. Found this place through yelp phone app. while walking around South Beach. Wasn't disappointed with the experience. Not fancy, very casual and walking distance from South Beach. Just not memorable enough, but checking it off my South Beach restaurants "to try" check list.
I have to agree with Matt.. i'm am also from San Jose and came to Miami for vacation. We wanted to try some Cuban food... so we searched on yelp and asked the locals... they suggested Puerto Sagua. I ordered the seafood salad. It was probably one of the best seafood salads I've had period. It was extremely fresh!! I had one of my best meals in Miami here... go check it out you won't be disappointed.
Five stars all the way for service, food and price! My hubby and I were looking for good authentic Cuban food and were drawn to this place since it was close to the shops and beach.  I wanted to try Bolivar, but the hubby won out on this place.  Thank God he did! For drinks, I ordered the cafe con leche while the hubby got the iced coffee.  The cafe con leche was very good but his ice coffee was BOMB!! For the food, I ordered the ropa Viejo (shredded beef) with rice and fried plantain.  The hubby orders the pork shoulder which came with rice cooked with black bean and some sort of bananas and onions.  He also decided to order the oxtail for us to share which came with rice and black beans.  For the first time ever, his food choice was way better than mine. Not to take away from my dish, because it was also very flavorful and tasty but his dish was hands down delicious!! The pork was soft and tasted like it had been marinated in vinegar, garlic, and onions.  That mixed with the salted black bean rice combo was perfection!! He usually grabs from my plate, this time I was the one constantly reaching over. The ropa Viejo was very good too.  It was mixed with an array of cut bell peppers and onions.  The sauce was tasty and mixed well with the rice.  The sauce tasted kind of like a filipino dish my family makes, caldaretta, I think.   The ox tail was also good, but I wasn't too wowed because we have a similar dish that I grew up with.   Overall, great food and awesome friendly service.  When I'm back in South Beach, I will visit again and order the pork shoulder with a side of the fried plantains.
Best cafe con leche here. Also like the tres leches and quarto leches (dulce de leche) cakes here. As for the savory Cuban food, seems very down home. I ordered the shrimp Cuban style, which was quite spicy. The restaurant is very casual and located near shopping on Collins street. Great spot for lunch in the area....and open until 2am.
We had to try this place while were were staying in South Beach.  It was crazy busy for a Sunday night, but we were seated immediately.  Our hostess and waitress were very friendly and warm.  We started off with the following appetizers:  potato ball and breaded coconut shrimp.  OMG, the potato ball was GIGNORMOUS and delicious!  The only other place we have tried potato balls is from a Cuban restaurant/bakery here in the Los Angeles area called "Portos."   Let me tell you the potato balls here put the Porto's potato ball to shame.  Not only are they bigger here, but tastier too!  A must try, especially if you are from the LA area and have tried Porto's potato balls already.  The coconut shrimp was alsol very good.  Loved the mango dipping sauce for the shrimp.  The shrimp were not wimpy either, they were quite large like tiger shrimp.  Definitely worth trying.  I ordered their mango shake and it was REALLY YUMMY!!!!  :)   Loved it!  For dinner I ordered the ropa vieja and my husband ordered the arroz con pollo.  The ropa vieja was flavorful and tender.  The arroz con pollo was delish, especially the rice!  mmmmm mmmm GOOD!  Both dishes were incredibly delicious!  The plantains on the side were F*cking awesome!  SO GOOOOOOOD!!!!!  :)  For dinner we split the tres leches cake.  That was also quite satisfying.  Overall, this is a great place for delicious Cuban food.  The only downside is that if you are unable to find street parking, you are left to park in the structure and that costs 15 bucks!  YIKES!
Everything here is amazing! Am a big foodie and I love everything here. God sent items are cuban sandwich, cuban coffee, and  ropa vieja. Speedy service, kudos to all those amazing hard working staff
5 days in Miami, and so far this is the best place that I ate. Totally affordable, and tasteful food. Tastes like homemade food, what really is. Loved this place.
ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS and in the heart of a fabulous shopping strip.  It was a win win situation.   Although lots of people raved about the Ropa Vieja we went for the Cuban sandwiches.  Between my three friends we ordered the steak sandwich (Pan con Bistec), Cubano, and pulled pork (pan con lechon).  All three raved about how delicious the sandwiches were.  I ordered the steak and the bread came out crisp and meat was tender.  I thoroughly enjoyed a slice of Cuban cuisine packed in a sandwich.  I only wish I could have tried other items on the menu but we were stuffed and couldn't really bring any food back.   The service was not the greatest, but I didn't mind since the food was so fabulous.  One aspect that I didn't like about Puerto Sagua was the condition of their bathrooms... gross.  I went into the bathroom to wash my hands before my meal and the pungent odor hit me.  I had to hold my breath so I wouldn't vomit.
My friends and I were on vacation in Miami Beach and wanted some good Cuban food so who better to ask than our very Cuban, very Hot by the way, Hotel Front Desk representative at our Hotel who recommended Puerto Sagua! We LOVED it!! The Black Beans, rice and sweet Plantains...OMG!! So good! And the Potato balls were scrumptious!! It's not a fancy restaurant but it's nice, clean, the staff is super nice and its right in the heart of Miami Beach!! I'm definitely a fan!!
Ate there twice while in Miami..soooo good!!
AH-MAY-ZING! I came here with a bunch of coworkers while in town for a business trip. We were in the mood to try some cuban food in the area and Yelp led us here. We loved it. Period. The place doesn't look like much from the outside, and inside it's a no-frills kind of place that you would find locals eating. They have both table seating and counter seating. We sat at the counter because all the tables were full. The service was prompt and the waitress suggested some dishes we should try. We had the twice fried plantains with some garlic dipping sauce (sooo good), the oxtail stew, ropa vieja and the fish soup. Everything was stellar, the dishes come with rice and plantains...all of it fresh, tasty, flavorful. The pork chop dish was the star of the show...perfectly seasoned and so tender. The sangria was excellent, as well. We are only in town for 5 days and already have plans to try to go back again before we head home. The prices are very reasonable, too...you just can't beat it. If you're in Miami Beach, it's a definite must try!
Ropa vieja 4.5 stars frijoles Cafe con leche 5 stars Sangria super sweet but cheap 4 stars with fresh tasty fruit Croquetas -3 stars Empanadas-4 stars Service 3.5 stars - People were nice just a little slower than east coast service Old school Cuban diner.  Feel a little dated and the ambiance a bit worn down, but in a good way, like I stepped back in time to what South Beach Miami used to look like before all the fancy shopping and commercialization. The food was super cheap and a pretty good value. If I lived in Miami, I would def return.  The food is not the best Cuban food, but pretty decent and much cheaper than other upscale and bouge cuban restaurants.
Great food, but not THAT great to live up to all the hype. We went here for lunch and really enjoyed our meal, but the vibe is pretty "blah" but the food is decent. If you've ever been to a really good cuban restaurant in your life... you may not be that impressed with this place. I have a feeling most of the 5 star reviews come from people who haven't had this type of food before. Don't get me wrong... it was yummy. But the vibe and service were not up to par.
Negatives first (b/c they're short):  Silverware was a little sticky. Other than that, this place was SO GOOOD.  All the reviewers are right.  THE spot to go to on Miami Beach.   -Oxtail: SO GOOD.  Embrace it.  It came with rice and some kinda banana/plantain (not fried, I don't think).  It was ALL VERY GOOD.  The rice was cooked with butter which made it all that much better with the Oxtail juices. -Cuban Sandwich (Medium):  Should've gotten a LARGE.  So good.  I enjoyed it with the Sour/pickled sauce on the table. -Fried Yucca:  I've never had it before, but THEY WERE REALLY GOOD TOO.  I liked them a lot...again, with the Sour/pickled sauce.   Summary:   AMAZING FOOD.  GO!
Food here is great. Love the ropa vieja plate, i tried cuban sandwich here before as well.  It's a local good place yet the inside looks like a very old dinner.  Will definitelly come back the service and food has always been good.
I was in South Beach a couple months ago for a bachelor party and I was bound to find a Cuban Restaurant while I was there. Thank goodness for Yelp! I had a fish dish, which I thought was awful. I forget what it was. It was a Friday, so I couldn't eat meat at that time. I came back the following day and I believe I had the roasted chicken, with black beans, plantains and rice. It was excellent! If I'm in South Beach again, this is where I'm coming for my Cuban Food Fix!
nothing mind blowing, but good, home cooked Cuban food in an authentic setting.
This diner doesn't look much after 9pm. Glad we returned the next day for lunch. It was good! If you're not sure what to get, order #1 (Cuban shredded beef) or #2 (beef stew). I definitely will come back.
Good place to go after a stroll on South Beach.  The location and hours makes it ideal when other places are closed.  It was about 11:30 PM when we walked in with no line and chose to eat at the Counter.  We just ate about an hour ago so I wasn't too hungry.  But wanted to try a Cuban sandwich since we are in South Beach and I'm not sure when I would ever come back.  So I split a chicken soup and Cuban sandwich with my girlfriend. The soup was flavorful but it needed to be hotter.  I like to have my soups really hot.  The Cuban sandwich was tasty and overall made my stomach contempt.
Always the First Stop for my South Beach Diet Huge portions and a steal compared to the sky high pricey joints on Ocean Drive. We had giant tostones and a tamale to start. The tostones were the size of my face. The tamale was a little salty on the outer edges but tasted better as you get towards the middle. Pernil- The soft shoulder got a vinegary twang. It is accompanied with some yuca and bangin' black bean infused rice. Beef Stew- So hearty, beefy, and the tomato based stew is really comforting. The waiter wasn't so cordial. I would have ate him up too but lucky for him, I had no room in my stomach after my gluttonous gorge-fest. If you want to plump your booty up before you hit up 'la playa', this is the place to go.
Oh how i wish Puerto Sagua is in Chicago :( I've been craving some Cuban-ny goodness for over a year now. The food is great, but the staff is alright. As soon as I get back down there, Puerto Sagua will be my first stop!
Cuban sandwich, tostones and presidente por favor! Their food is amazing and the decor is very nice. No complaints. I was a very happy customer :)
ummm best cuban food, i think so! must order ox tail stew and the ropa vieja. money in the bank!!!! comes with rice and plantains. you could actually probably share with two people, well at least two girls. definite place to eat if you are in miami.
This place is sooooo good. I'm from LA and I'm comparing this to Versailles, the food is great, the service is great (server is funny) - a bit of a wait, but it's obvious why. Super tasty oxtail stew, shredded beef stew, roasted chicken.., not garlicky like Versailles, but probably more authentic. Not pretentious and overpriced like the rest or south beach - love it!! It's not super fancy, if you're looking for that. It's low key/casual, REAL, and obviously popular. Didn't think I'd find actual authentic cuban food in South Beach!
I don't know what to say.... Me and the other 3 girls that went just loved our food.  Everything tasted delicious!!  Came back to LA, trying to find a Cuban restaurant that tastes like this... haven't found it yet! The service was prompt and food was delivered quickly.
Miami beach at last!  After 6 hours of flying, 4 hours of shopping, and with 2 hours of sleep, we were dying for food. I busted out my Yelp'd list of places to check out and we headed to Puerto Sagua.  Our distinctly diminutive Dominican waiter was very helpful and courteous.  By his recommendation, I ordered the shredded beef, T got the fried grouper, and 2 got the roasted chicken and lots of plantains.  The stewed beef was perfectly seasoned and was swimming with plenty of onions and peppers in its tasty au jus.  The grouper was tasty, crisp on the outside and warm and tender in the middle.  hell, it's fried, what's not to like?  2's chicken was nicely grilled, but might have lacked a little in the season department.  The platanos were beautifully caramelized, to the consistency of me; dark brown and delicious ;) The only let-down was the whack bread they served.  I didn't know they made wonderbread in roll form.  Weak. But, overall, the meal was excellent and topped off with a Presidente beer, sleep deprivation, food coma, and a nice buzz all converged culminated in a nice 4 hour nap.
BEST.FOOD.EVER. Rule number 1: don't be discouraged by the line, view it more as a testament to the quality of the food.  Rule number 2. Thou shalt order the oxtail stew. Seriously though, this is the most authentic, hearty, down home Cuban food you will find on south beach and the prices are reasonable to boot. Great service is the icing on the cake (speaking of which, order the tres leches= phenomenal). You won't be disappointed.
I adore this eatery! My husband and I came here multiple times when we went to Miami this summer. The Ropa Vieja is a must have, it seriously is out of this world good. The meat is so tender and comes with a very hearty portion of rice and sauteed plantains. The sangria here is also pretty good not the best but pretty good and the price is perfect much cheaper then the tourist traps just a couple of blocks away.
love love and love.  ended up eating the ox tail 3 days in a row.  highly recommend and a must visit when in So Be!
Awesome spot for Cuban and Puerto Rican food and very very inexpensive. Walked from Lincoln rd down to this joint - thats how good it is. I tried the stuffed yuka, papas rollenas, tostones, ropa vieja and all was very delicious. Will be returning back.
I have been eating here for years but this trip really disappointed.  I had the oxtails and they were dried out & tasted terrible.  Fortunately my friend who had never been there had the chicken which he liked.    I think I like Las Olas better now
An authentic-y Cuban diner with breakfast all day at a decent price. But the bacon sucks. In fact, I bet prisons make bacon better than this. If there is bacon in prison (and I hope there is!) Each time I've been here it's been the same: overcooked, dry, crumbly, and stale. Blerg. I order two eggs over easy con grits y bacon, and all breakfast combos come with a small fresh orange juice (very fresh and delicious), traditional cafe con leche and Cuban toast. This is a good deal. Save for the bacon, this is an alright option for Cuban breakfast on the beach. But to be honest, David's Cafe, while touristy y gringasa, has really good bacon and comparable prices.
This place is amazing. Came here last night, sat by the bar and ordered the rope vieja with platanos and friejoles negro (shredded beef with sweet platains and black beans). With lil bit of their tangy sweet hot sauce, took one bite and it was over for me. This is what I called good home cooked meal. Not only the food came fast (like 10-15 minutes) but it came good. If this is your first time coming here, try the rompe vieja. Delicious.
Eh... Nothing great... Plaintains r good but nothing real special
The ropa vieja was excellent, a very delicious and generous portion of beef with rice and fried plantains for under ten bucks.  The cuban coffee was great too.  My wife had an omelet which she did not particularly love though.  The service was good, the mix of people was interesting and diverse, and the decor was straight out of your grandma's 1970's basement, wood paneling and all.  One last thing, even though the "guava pound cake" is only a buck, I would avoid that.  It seemed like a hostess-type thing and was not even worth the buck.
Came here for lunch with my fiance while we were in Miami last July.  A lot of people seem to like this place but sadly it didn't do much for us.   My fiancé ordered the Roasted Chicken dish with rice, plantains and black beans.  The chicken was very dry and bland.  I ordered the Ox Tail stew that everyone was raving about and it turned out to be just "ok".   We will not be back and will try other places if we ever come back to Miami.
Empanadas = 5 stars Fried yuca = 3 stars Shredded beef = 3 stars Oxtail = 2 stars Roasted chicken = 3 stars Chicken noodle soup = 3 stars Roasted pork = 4 stars Overall this place is average at best.
We came a little late on a Wednesday night and it was packed, people waiting in a line out the door.  We noticed no one was sitting at their bar so we asked the girl looking amused behind the bar if we could sit there and she said of course.  So we skipped those 10 people and sat our asses right down. Our waitress worked her ass off, got us a cheap bottle of wine and some freshly pressed bread.  She gave us a couple good recommendations, we ended up splitting the Cuban Style Pepper Steak and the Filete De Pollo Salteado, basically sauteed chicken in a sauce over rice with black beans.  Both were delicious and the portions were deceivingly filling.  I'm sad I missed out on the plantains and didn't try the Oxtail soup but if they were as good as our dishes, I'm sure they were fantastic.
This place has the best cafe con leche that I have ever had! When in Miami we do not go anywhere else for coffee!! They also have these little shortbread cookies with caramel inside... they are called something like afrejoles. They are a dollar a piece but they are sooooooooo worth it!! Trust me, you have to try one!!! I have not actually had lunch or dinner there but breakfast is awesome! I adore Puerto Sagua!
Great cuban food. The cuban sandwich was great I ordered the small and it was still pretty big. The tostones were huge and very fresh. For desert the tres leche was very tasty. The prices are really good the food comes out quick and hot and the place was packed.
most of the reviews cover the details but if you visit this spot you must order the fried whole snapper...delicious!
The last few times I've been to Miami Beach, I've always ended up here.  And for good reason.  It's not a destination dining place (inside it looks, frankly, pretty dated) but the food is excellent here.  Their fried pork chop was delicious.   Got here at around 11:30 on a Friday evening and the place was pretty empty.  Maybe this place makes more as a post-clubbing munchie spot...
Puerto Sagua= awesome atmosphere and food. We came to Miami for 5 days and ate here a few times. Everything on the menu is delicious,  I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to try awesome Cuban food.
Now let me start this review by stating I grew up in South Florida.  So I think I know good Cuban food. I've been to literally hundreds of restaurants in the Fort Lauderdale and Miami area that specialize in Cuban.  Some are high-priced, exquisite establishments.  Others are mom-and-pop cafeterias that know good food and know how to serve it.  Puerto Sagua fits in this latter category. When I arrived back in South Florida for the holidays, my dad picked me up at the airport and we were driving down to Miami for the Heat game.  We decided to go early and partake in some good Cuban.  My father had been clued into this place by one of his buddies, who went here when he was a kid.  That kid is now in his early 60's. The restaurant is located at Colllins and 7th.  Parking is easy - there's a garage across the street.  You can either sit at a long counter - diner style.  Or you can sit in the dining room.  The entire restaurant is non-descript and nothing fancy.  It doesn't sparkle with cleanliness, but doesn't come across as dirty either. We chose a table in the back of the restaurant so it was quiet and we could talk.  Our waiter promptly came over and in Cuban-accented English told us the specials.  We took the menus and browsed.  The waiter then brought us some cuban bread.  Just as it should be, it was piping hot and very good. Time to order. Now when I go for Cuban, I want some good marinated pork, some black beans and rice and some plantains.  That's what I ordered, with the exception I got the Moro instead of the Black Beans and Rice. (Moro is basically rice with the Black Bean juice throughout... fewer beans).  My dad got some sort of breaded steak dish, black beans and rice, plantains and some chicken soup to start.  We drank water. The pork was a little fatty but I don't ding them for that.  First, Pork is fatty.  Second, it wouldn't be good Cuban food without good fatty pork.  The Moro was excellent, and friends, when it comes to plaintains, there's only one way to eat them and that's nearly black.  The sugar carmelizes and they are pure heaven. I ate as much as I could and punted on the rest.  We were offered a box to take the remainder home, but I'm on vacation, eating out nearly every meal, so I passed.  My dad doesn't have patience for leftovers. We finished our meal and ordered some coffee.  I took my Café Cubano with just a touch of sugar.  My father had a coffee as well.  The Café Cubano is nice and dark, kind of like drinking mud.  But that's what it's supposed to be, so it was pure perfection. Overall I give this place 5 stars.  It's exactly what I would expect from a Cuban cafeteria in South Beach.  I highly recommend!
Roasted Chicken/Ground Beef (both Spanish Stlye)!!... GET IT!!!
Totally awesome Cuban food! Like everyone else, the Ropa Vieja and ox tail stew were incredible. I like the plantains, everyone else, not as much. We also had the croquettes...not a bad appetizer at all. I put some hot sauce on mine, made it perfect. We also took the plunge on a chicken and rice paella.....totally worth the wait. Great tasting and large portion. We took the leftovers from the paella home and put it in a breakfast burrito the following day. Oh man, it was like heaven twice! Highly recommend this "hole in the wall" restaurant. The reviews don't lie, its awesome.
This place was hands down everyone's favorite meal of our trip to Miami.  We ended up waiting about 30 minutes, which wasn't too bad. There is not list you just have to wait in this line and a man at the front of the line will seat you. As we waited he let us know what dishes to get. Everything everyone ordered was REALLY tasty and everyone left this place overly stuffed. We came w/ 10 girls and I think this meal had the least amount of table talk because everyone was just stuffing their face. I ended up getting the beef tongue stew and it was AWESOME! It was so tender and so tasty and was perfect w/ a little bit of rice. But the best bite came when I combined a little plantain, with a little tongue and a little rice.. MMmmmMmmMm... So good... Other good dishes at the table were there Chicken w/ Yellow Rice, Ox Tail, and Beef Stew.. However I preferred the Ox Tail over the beef stew. When I come back to Miami which I definitely hope to do.. I'm coming back here!
We had fried pork chunks and shredded beef, and drunk sangria which was good basically wine with fruits. It was awesome in taste.
I was here for less than a week on a business trip and I came here three times. I went to some nicer restaurants (quite a mix of types of restaurants, actually) and this place was my favorite, hands down. Even in the pouring tropical thunderstorm, I made a trip out here. Their croquettes aren't bad and their empanadas are pretty tasty as well as their cubano sandwich, but like most of the reviewers have said... YOU MUST NOT LEAVE UNTIL YOU ORDER THE OXTAIL STEW. ohhhhmyyyyygaaaaaaaawwwwd And their rice is done so well... it was a delicious combination! OXTAIL OXTAIL OXTAIL... do it! It's cheap, huge portions, and a great place to bring your friends to split a bunch of dishes. mmmmmmmmm bring this place to San Francisco!
Amidst the posh restaurants of South Beach sits Puerto Sagua, a taste of old Miami. Dimly lit and paneled in dark wood, this old school Cuban diner/coffee shop is a sharp contrast to the trendy (and oft overhyped) fare typical of the area. When you enter, you'll see a big, ol' lunch counter packed with locals and dotted with cake stands featuring guava pound cake, sweet and savory filled puff pastries, and ancient cream and brown ceramic cups filled with blisteringly hot and strong coffee. My sister, a recovering picky eater, had never tried Cuban food and went for the sandwich de pescado, a crispy, lightly fried grouper sandwich, with fried yucca and garlic. Not too heavily breaded or oily, the fish was fresh and tasted great with a squeeze of lemon juice. I opted for my perennial favorite, ropa vieja. This shredded beef in a garlicky tomato sauce was one of the best versions of the dish I've had, packed with soft, slow-cooked peppers and onions. My plate also came with a side of perfectly spiced beans and fluffy rice. Since we stopped in on a whim and weren't incredibly hungry, we had plenty of leftovers that were tasty despite being cold once we got to the hotel. Service isn't always the warmest but it's efficient and food comes out quickly. Definitely a unique spot in South Beach that deviates from the hip norm and harkens back to a different era.
First of all i'd like to thank everyone who posted for giving me the heads up on the whole seating situation. after getting that straightened out, me and my girlfriend ordered Ropa Vieja (following fellow Yelpers advice) and Pork Chunks the Ropa Vieja was very very tasteful and tender, but the pork was heavenly. the only place ive tasted tastier pork was in Las Lechoneras de Puerto Rico in PUERTO RICO. so that says a lot.
Amazing Cuban. I grew up in Miami Beach, my father is from Havana and this place is a gem!
my favorite place on Miami Beach for a cuban sandwich and cafe con leche :)
Best cuban food hands down in sobe. Coco flan and coffee is the best. Parking structure right next door which is great being that parking can be hard to come by in south beach
This is real Cuban food in a diner-like setting. It's not fancy at all. You get a plate of rice and beans that are melt in your mouth. The beef brisket is delicious. Their Cuban sandwiches are just right. I've been coming for the last 10 years and there are a lot of places for Cuban food but this is a sweet favorite. You can finish up some basic shopping or stop in for a quick lunch. Like I said, it's not fancy.
The food here is soooooooo tasty. It's cheap and delicious. I love the friendly and casual atmosphere. We ordered the chicken dinner and friend yuca to share. I also had a shake. It was all so yuummmy. The portions are very generous and we were super full and satisfied. I hear this is a great late nite spot for cuban sandwiches.
This place might have gotten 4 stars if the service were better/friendly, and possibly 5 if the food was just a tad better. Pretty good authentic cuban cuisine... I tried the Shredded Beef Combo that was very delicious however our server really put a damper on our experience. We went for long periods of no refills and our food took forever... It wasn't that busy and it disturbed me that while I was wanting to order and in need of a refill for 10 minutes our server was busy chillin' in the kitchen area texting away on his phone then short and rude with us. My husband got the cuban sandwich that was small, bland, and overpriced for the portion. I recommend David's Cafe over this place.
Pretty good option - I went here years ago before people really knew about it, but now there's always a wait.  The food overall is above average, but I just don't know if it's worth the wait.  If you get in, I recommend the Ropa Vieja.
This place is excellent.  Its not upscale in any way but serves very high quality food at very reasonable prices.  We had shredded chicken and roasted chicken, both came with black beans and rice.  All executed very well and priced below 10 bucks.  I ate here in 1981 and I can see why they stay very popular every night of the week.  Go!  I promise you will like it.
I'm drawn to historic restaurants so I wanted to eat at this place which opened in 1962. We arrived late for dinner around 930pm and the place was busy, but we were seated at a table within 5 minutes. I ordered the Pork plate with steamed rice, plantains and a basket of warm bread. When I received my order the plantains were missing and I asked the waitress where is my plantains. She advised me she made an error and gave me black beans instead, that's fine but where are my plantains. She seemed to feel that the her error was okay and that I don't need my stinkin' plantains. She finally gave in and brought them to me, all was okay after that incident.
Ox-tail stew with side of platanos, white rice, and black beans.  Good prices, friendly service and tasty food. I was in Miami by myself so I sat at the counter.  Quickly chatted with another lady who was visiting from S. America and was also by herself.  Everyone around here seemed really friendly and looked like they enjoyed their food.  Definitely had a very homey (not homie) feel to it and this was reflected in the food which was yum.
Great coffee,great staff,great food!
LOVE LOVE LOVE! Great food, HUGE portions (share a sandwich and you'll be fine!). Good location, I just wish they had outdoor seating. Well worth the sacrifice of sitting inside on a beautiful night. Take it to go and eat on the beach if you must! The host was the sweetest, nicest, most helpful man! They were PACKED, but the service was extremely prompt! Try the Cuban sandwich!
Authentic and Delicious!!!!
I'm a Boston resident and have only been to Miami once. And that was 6 years ago. And I'm STILL dreaming about Puerto Sagua. Shouldn't that tell you all you need to know?
Ate lunch here today and it was great. There was a special on whole fried red snapper for $16.95. What a deal. It's served with white rice and beans. The menu selection is huge too. We also ordered their filet Mignon and the steak was so tender. We also ordered the shredded pork which is served with yuca and red beans and rice. Can't say much how it tasted since a friend ordered it. Service was good and fast. The place was packed for lunch. Parking is a pain but there is a parking garage to the side of the restaurant. I only paid $2 for at least an hour. Overall I would definitely come back.
Absolutely loved this place. Really 4 1/2 stars.  Great food, very comfortable atmosphere.  Plenty of locals enjoying themselves.  Food was quick and plentiful.  It's not gourmet, but it's solid, authentic food at a great price.  It's great to go to get away from the tourist traps too.  Definitely a must on my next trip to Miami.
Hello, Cuban food!  I never liked you before... Versailles (Los Angeles) is way overrated and too garlic-y.  And I am not a fan of the black beans and rice thing.  But Puerto Sagua really hit the spot.  LOVED the roasted chicken (white meat).  Rice was flavorful (it looks like plain old rice but it had some savory flavor in it).  Tasted great topped with black beans and plantains.  I dont know what it was - cannot put my finger on it.  But this place was awesome.  I also liked that flattened buttered bread that came with the meal.   Takeout for 9 girls.  Total = $92.  What a deal!
This was worth it. The food was great. Had the puerto suaga snapper. Rice was good to mix in. Everything we ordered was delicious.   Got here at 730 and just got a table on a Tuesday night. Tables are like picnic style. So you will be close to your neighbor. Dessert looks promising too. I highly recommend.
Best Cuban food we had in Miami...  the oxtail stew is top notch, plantains are juicy and perfectly cooked..  chicken and rice is goooood...  topping off the meal the quatro leches was divine...  a must when you are in Miami Beach.
I waver between a 3 and a 4.... but since half stars aren't allowed I suppose I'll be nice today as this place is obviously a fan favorite, the prices were decent, and the food solid.  My partner in crime and I decided to take out in order to avoid some of the wait so we could eat and get down to business getting the night started.  Yelp suggested we try the ropa vieja with plantains, the cuban sandwich, and the cafe con leche.  I enjoyed the ropa vieja but friend bananas just aren't my thing.  The sammy was good but I didn't find it to be exceptional.  And the coffee was absolutely delish!  I think one of the biggest turns offs here was the waitress who was openly upset at us for not leaving a tip.  Um helloooo, unless you're calling my hotel room to ask me how I'm doing, if I'm enjoying my food, and then cleaning up after me I don't find you very deserving of one.  I only wish we had more time to come back to try everything else on the menu! Noted that next time ordering to go is not looked highly upon....
Great authentic Cuban food. One of the oldest Cuban restaurants in  Miami Beach.
The food was above average for Latin fare. The setting and location were great too. What ticked me off was the fact that they forced a 15% gratuity on a party of 4, which comprised of 2 adults and 2 kids. There was a red rubberstamp on our bill indicating that the restaurant automatically adds 15% gratuity on parties of 4 or more. And the gratuity was calculated on the post tax amount. I tip pretty generously, but to be forced to tip makes me feel as though I was not given an opportunity to gauge and reward service!
Authentic Cuban-food, with the nitty grittiness to it that I like, which is a better way of saying older and "dirtier" restaurant. Of course got the ropa vieja, rice and beans and plantains. Wish I got a sangria! You're in Miami, eat some cuban food!
If you're looking for classic Cuban food, here's your place to go.  It's nothing amazing, but always consistent and has great prices. It's one of  my favorite spots to go for Cuban coffee. If you're looking for something a little more health conscious,  try somewhere else. Lack of vegetables on the menu is disappointing,  as everything is served with rice and beans, but it is classic Cuban after all.
Nice little place for breakfast. A bit dive-y but in a good way. Friendly staff unlike the tourist magnet places on Ocean.
delicious potato balls. cuban coffee is crack. breakfast, lunch & dinner amazing :)
As far as SoBe goes, whenever I have friends that come into town and wanna eat Cuban food..this is where I send them. Why? It's simple. Sometimes restaurants will upcharge just for the location. Sometimes it's the pretty chairs and location that attract guests while the food may be crap, but no one would know because it's served in a pretty plate. Puerto Sagua is different. I've been here numerous times and I can tell you this place is one of the only Cuban restaurants I eat at in all of Miami...even if they're in the heart of Loud and Noisy Sobe, I'll Shuttup and take it. Walk in and you'll see a different vibe than what you see outside. Outside ,there's the papichulos whistling at the girls shaking their thang, while a cop is pulling over someone at the intersection & a club promoter slyly slips you a "girl, where you headed tonight ?" Inside the restaurant is a capsule that really speaks for Miami. The working class come here and get their vaca frita because it tastes like abuelas cooking. Nobody can go without their cafecito, these "baristas" can whip up like three at a time by banging and working that espresso machine the way Cuba taught em. There's no frills here and frankly they don't need them. If you wanted something classy and sophisticated, then just go to Larios and pay $10.00 for papitas fritas. This place has substance and they don't focus on the exterior and far-fetched things that will keep you happy. They just wanna cook for you South Beach..so come on over and ask what the soup of the day is..chances are it has either beans or chorizo in it. For the price, you just can't beat it bro.
First South Beach dining experience! Very impressive!! Concierge at the hostel I was staying at had recommended this place. My friend and I were eager to try some good local restaurants at affordable prices. My friend ordered the ox tail soup with rice and I got shredded chicken with rice, black beans and fries. We sat at the bar in between some old dudes who appeared to be locals because one man busted out his loyalty card. Now that's what you call love for good, authentic food. The server lady was very sweet and friendly. I don't know how big the rest of the restaurant is since we sat at the bar, but our dishes came out very quickly and were very delicious. I can't wait to go back when I'm back in South Beach!
Went back for another dinner last night, and once again this place was great. We started our meal with two apps--some fried plantains and some fried squid. Both were amazing. The plantains were savory, not sweet, and came with a really nice garlicy dipping sauce that complemented the subtle plantain flavor. The squid? Well it was some of the best I've had. This is how you do calimari! This too came with a great dipping sauce--kinda of a tropical dressing with hints of fruit flavor. Amazing. Now for the mains. The wife had the ox tail stew, which came with rice and sweet plantains. The ox tail was perfectly prepared and oh so tasty and the plantains were again fantastic. I had the large Cuban sandwich, which was amazing. Crispy bread, tasty ham, melty cheese. Just amazing!! Washed it all down with two Presidente beers (only $5.50 each). All of this food came to only $45. Amazing. Service was again excellent. Water was promptly refilled, the meal was perfectly paced, and the waiter came in to check on us regularly. We'll be leaving Miami Beach soon, but after the amazing beaches I think this is the place I will miss the most. Its a must stop for any visitor. Also, we found this week that if you get there before 6:00 during the week you can beat the dinner rush. There was no line when we got there, although it was starting when we left. So if you must have a table and don't want to wait, go early. But, sitting at the counter is a lot of fun, so I definitely recommend trying that as well.
This place is very authentic. You feel like the food was made by your Cuban grandmother or grandfather. It tastes great with no pretense. The inside of the restaurant is not the most attractive decor in town but it gives it a very nice "home" feeling. When in South Beach, I will go here every time. Delicioso! Saboroso!
By far the best Cuban food in South Beach!  The chicken falls off the bone, the fried grouper is bomb, and the ox tail is to die for!  This place is a must try when you're in SoBe!
had the roasted chicken and it was yummy..
WORKING MAN'S CAFE If you are visiting and have never set foot in a Cuban diner, this may be the perfect place for that first Cubano experience. The ambience and setup is retro 50's. My favorite seating spot is at the counter where avoid waiting. It's a no nonsense diner staffed with hard working Latinos making a go at the American dream. WARNING:  little room for small chat. There's an elderly gentlman who never smiles except at children. He stands over the waitstaff and perceptionally discourages them from standing in place for more than a few minutes. We Americans might construe it as "ball busting". The food is nothing fancy but are recognized as popular Cuban dishes. If sitting at the counter is undesirable, there are tables with full service in the adjacent room. Several years ago I ate here everyday for a week and I'm still around to say it's decent Cuban chow.
Great first experience!!the place looks like from the 70-80's which i love!! The tables are close to each other but pretty comfortable. I had the Oxtail stew which was simply awesome!! Probably one of the best I've ever had. My wife had Ropa vieja, a classic cuban dish. It was ok. I had better ones in other places. The cortadito was really good. Overall, the food was great, and the oxtail will definitely make me come back.
Authentic Cuban food is hard to come by when you live in New Jersey... Came to Miami for Ultra Music Festival (WHICH WAS MIND-BLOWING, thanks for asking) and per the recommendation of a fellow Cuban in our midst, we went to Puerto Sagua for lunch on Day 1 of UMF...Turned out that if you start your day with Cuban food, you start your day right and all else will fall into place. In fact, it was so good we had Cuban food for lunch all three days of Ultra. ROPA VIEJA - WOW. If words could describe the fireworks of tastebud-orgasmic bliss then I would insert it *here*. But alas, such satisfaction cannot be expressed in words and I am left speechless. Fried Sweet Plantains? Bangin'. Mango Shake? Bangin'. Cuban Coffee? Bangin'. Easy on the wallet? Suh-weeeeeeeeeet. The food was so good my friend licked his plate clean ... no really, I mean literally, he licked his plate clean. Coming to this restaurant alone made me want to move to Miami forever, leave cold, barren Jersey behind and tan topless with all the gorgeous people on the beach, blissfully unaware of what the word 'reality' really is. Even now, I cannot believe this restaurant is now thousands of miles away from reach ... sob.
empanadas: good, but not the best. oxtail: amazing. the portion was also very generous. bf and i were able to share a plate and were full by the end of our meal. service: friendly, accomodating, quick!
Ropa vieja and oxtail stew were really yummy. Both are served with plantains. Great prices too, $10 a dish!
Maybe its all about which dish you order here, but I have had much better Cuban fare.  The shrimp in garlic  is served in  thick white sauce that lacked flavor and was served tepid.  Fried ripe plantains were tasty, but these, too, were  tepid, and not fresh and hot from the fryer.  Black bean soup is simple, traditional and generously proportioned.  Quatro leches cake, which has a thick top layer of caramel as the 4th milk, is not like a traditional tres leches cake - but more like a flan, and was OK.
I come here every time I visit South beach.  You get authentic Cuban Food for a great price. You can get steak for $14 here ... good steak!  The fried pork chunks & fried chicken chunks are marinated in a delicious garlic sauce. My favorite is their Cuban sandwich, of course. Don't be turned off by the casual look of this place ... it's still the best. The service is slow but this is because the place is always pretty busy.
Oxtail stew to die for!  YUM YUM YUM.  So good we ordered one to go!!!  Seriously, just perfection!   Get the Ropa Vieja as well.  So tender!! AHHHHH I wish I could have some more right now!!
I've come to this place for two things: sandwhiches to head out to the beach with, and breakfast before heading out to the beach. Perhaps those aren't this restaurant's specialties, but every time I'm completely underwhelmed. The food is just ok and over priced, but even worse the service stinks... I'm rarely greeted, and always feel like I'm bothering the servers with my order. My most recent experience prompted me to write this review, since AFTER we sat down and had our food we were informed the credit card machine was down and only cash was accepted. "Luckily" they have an ATM (w/ fee) right inside the restaurant. If it weren't for the fact that it's directly across from my favorite parking garage, I wouldn't keep mistakenly eating here. Maybe I'll try the bigger dishes some day to give the place a chance to increase my rating.
This place seems like a local Cuban diner in a touristy area. It has a homely vibe and it was nice sitting at the bar. The ropa viejo was tender and so satisfying. We also appreciated how its decently priced. Awesome place to check out!!
This restaurant is a no frills Cuban diner. Everything tasted homemade and authentic. Seriously the best yucca I have ever had! Made me a fan for life. The only qualms I have are some items are a bit pricey for a diner. But then again this restaurant is located in the heart of South Beach.
sat us down fast for dinner even though it was very crowded. the meat pies were delicious and so were the potato ball appetizers. you also get a bread appetizer. my friend and i shared a ropa vieja at yelp's rec, and it was AWESOME. note that we shared it because the portion sizes are pretty solid if not a bit big. the ropa vieja was so tender, well-marinated, etc. the waiters are also very nice there!
PUERTO SAGUA! Quatros Leches - Sooooo amazing Pork Chunks - Crazing amazing. Oxtail - Super Crazing amazing. This is me and my girls' fave cuban spot to hit up when we are in Miami! Everything is cooked to perfection. Service is incredible. And they make the food super fast!
This place is a legacy. Amidst all the development of south beach this place is a stalwart-going on 40 years+. Greatest beans and rice, kickass fish sandwiches, cafe con leche amazing. I hit this spot every time I come to Miami.
Uh oh, I think I'm the 666th reviewer for this place, so please don't hold it against me. :D We came to South Beach for just one day (and night) and stayed at The Hotel on Collins Ave.  Because we had so little time, we were looking for great Cuban food for lunch without having to go to Calle Ocho.  Yelp pointed us toward Puerto Sagua and did not let us down. First of all, we heard so much about the Cuban coffee and espresso that we had to order one of each.  Each was supreme, and I'm still thinking about them!  The espresso was thick and its crema was divine -- you can drink it without sugar.  If you've read my review on Portola Coffee Lab, you know how important that is to me!  The Cafe con Leche had my husband returning for seconds, even though it was warm outside!  It was as good as the Cafe con Leche we had in Spain, but of course different with its Cuban flair.  We also tried the homemade iced tea, but truthfully, it wasn't that good.  Skip it. Next, we had a small selection of dishes.  He started off with the fried pork "appetizer," which included rice and black beans.  The appetizer was delicious, decadent and cheap... enough for two people.  The pork was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  For one person, it was a hearty meal, almost too much.  I had the surprisingly tasty lentil soup in a huge bowl, which had some slices of sausage and pork at the bottom.  Even though I was already full, I decided to help myself to the sweet plantains that my husband didn't even touch.  Mmmmmmmm!  My preference would be to have sweet plantains with sour cream or something like that, but they had nothing on hand to accommodate.  Boo! Though the place was decorated like a crazed Cuban grandma's house (creepy, actually), the food is so worth it and you can't beat the price.  Be adventurous and order a couple extra things so everyone can try them, you'll be happy you did.  I can't stop thinking about Puerto Sagua!
Had a pre-Ragnar meal here, it took a while to find room for our group of 12 at a couple tables, and there is no check splitting so plan accordingly.  Everything I had was delicious, I tried a few different things - split a Cuban sand with a friend, had sides of beans and rice, black bean soup, plaintains, yucca and a shredded pork dish, everything was really good topped with the hot sauces available at the table.  Red sangria completed the perfect meal.  Busy but worth the wait.  A few counter spots if you're lucky enough to grab one.
This was a nice, convenient, lively spot.  The servers were really nice, but the food was not impressive at all.  We ordered some type of stuffed fish, and it was over $20 but tasted worse than fast food fish.  We also a popular dish, but I don't remember what it was.
Probably my favorite dinner in South Beach! My husband lived in South Beach for a season almost twenty years ago, and he kept telling me about this Cuban restaurant on Collins Ave. that he and his friends used to go to all the time. They'd always get the same thing, "1/2 roast chicken with beans and rice." So we walked up Collins Ave. looking for that same restaurant and there it was! (He didn't expect it to be still there.) It was BUSY but we didn't have to wait for a table or anything. Had green plantains and coconut shrimps for appetizer, both were good but didn't blow me away. We shared a 1/2 roast chicken with beans, rice, and plantains (of course) and I wish we'd ordered one for each of us instead of appetizers like my husband wanted to! SO good. Very highly recommended! And I don't usually even like chicken, I never order chicken at restaurants. Their tres leches was average (wasn't soaked all the way, I make better ones) but still I had a GREAT dinner here and $38 plus tip for all that food too. We'll definitely go back when we're in South Beach again.
I expected allot better on the dishes. Ropa Veja was ehhh, service was crap. It was quick and we were hungry. The chicken meat pie & salad was better than our dishes.
The ropa vieja was delicious and a good portion! I definitely recommend this place. My husband had the lobster cocktail and he enjoyed it. The chicken in the chicken salad was good. The place was crowded, and that tells you something about the place, especially when they are locals.
Can I just talk about the oxtail stew? Tender meat falling off the bone with sauce so unforgettable. If I could, I would fly back to Miami just for that dish alone. Please order it and savor it because you wont be able to find a duplicate.
Great Cuban food! It was packed at 10pm which is a good sign. Definitely fit the bill for this tourist.
ROPA VIEJA, ROPA VIEJA, ROPA VIEJA.   We fell in love with this stuff while visiting Miami.  Now the challenge is trying to find a place in Los Angeles that compares.  If you are visiting and it is your first time here, you gotta try to Ropa Vieja, it is delightful.   The Tres Leche Cake and Cafe con Leche for dessert made this meal perfect.  The breakfeast options here are not bad either. This spot is worth the wait if there is a line.
i went in and got a bunch of little desserts for my friends and I. They were fresh, but not that great.
Drunken night, don't remember much but I know my stomach was happy =0) For the record, I am still picky when I am drunk.
Great roasted chicken! The vinegary garlic sauce is a must on any dish with rice.
I have been eating at this Miami Beach staple of traditional Cuban food when I lived in South Beach at least 3 out of 5 days a week from 1999-2005. I sure did miss their menu and cafe cubano with my "once in a while Flan..." when I moved north to sophisticated NYC. But...there is a God after all and I am back in Miami Beach for good and the first place I headed to upon my arrival was Puerto Sagua on Collins Avenue. Their Pollo  Asado served with either white or yellow rice and choice of black or red beans is out of this world. Try their Vaca Frita with either of the rice choices and beans to compliment your cuban meal. This place is a must eatery during your visit to Miami Beach ...even Martha Stewart raved about eating here some years ago on live TV. But I strongly recommend you to try Puerto Sagua it is A MUST DO and deliiishhhh!!!!
Pretty legit Cuban food. I appreciate that it was cheap and delicious. Croquettes are only okay-- they're just heavily fried potato sticks (?) with ham/bacon in it.The bread basket is pretty standard. The ropa vieja is juicy and delicious, though I wish they had shredded the beef a little better. Sometimes it was chewy and the chunks were too big. By far, the cuban sandwich was the winner.The iced cuban espresso with milk (cafe con leche) was amazing!!! A great place for lunch or dinner. Huge fan.
Great food, great  cuban beer, good service you can beat the white rice and black beans, yuca fries with garlic mojo, the tostones and mariquitas, the chicken and rice was worth waiting 45 minutes for and the kitchy 3 dimensional paintings of old Havana are great...love it... ate it...will be back for some more soon!
the food is ok and the service is descent, won't come back because there was nothing spectacular but its not a bad place at all.
Overall ok. Atmosphere none. Neon lighting; Ordered black bean soups Cuban style. Super thin, hardly any beans; taste similar to a European style lentils soup with lots of vinegar; not actually bad but not even close to Cuban style black bean soup... Main course: ground pork Cuban style, rice, beans. Taste was fine but it looked pretty bad. Canteen style. Tasted more like pork also; does not deserve its current average rating.
Went in 2008. Excellent authentic Cuban food. The fried yuca is very good and the black bean soup is excellent, creamy, rich, and very flavorful. Service is fast and friendly.
A good reason to fly back to Miami is the fried pork chunks at this fine establishment.  I'm not afraid to get down and dirty in this place and I'll put up with rude male pigs talking overly loud about how women are biatches right behind me if there's a platter of that luscious pork in front of me.  Yeah, that's how big of a fan I am of this place. Sweet plantains is divine and the side of black beans with rice is off the hook!  I dare say the beans were better than OLA's. The shredded beef was yummy as well.  I also enjoyed the Queso Flan.  It's almost as good as the Leche Flan my auntie makes.   But the true winner at this place is the Fried Pork Chunk Appetizer.  I'll eat that by myself without hesitation and shame.  Order that and you'll think you've found a piece of heaven.
The ropa vieja (shredded beef) was delicious, something ill crave forever, since I'm not a local :(
Underwhelming, but I guess this is the best south beach has to offer. The best things we tried were the sopa de pescado (fish soup) and the ropa vieja and they were hearty and filling. The "pollo asado" was shockingly bland and dry. Beware the bottle of homemade orange sauce. It looks like interesting homemade hot sauce, but it is actually some kind of gloppy gross salad dressing.
i'm cuban..which means i'll be a bit more critical than the average tourist, still they executed most dishes with very authentically accurate flavors.  everything we ordered was yummy, along with dishes i saw through-out the restaurant that also looked really good.  this is very much a mom and pop setting...it delivers what it's promising.  classic cuban flavors.  i wish they weren't 2K miles away from LA.  well done!
Looks like an old diner remodeled.  Super crowded but the service is so fast, the wait goes by very quickly.  I had the oxtail which they said is a house specialty and it was delicious...tender and falling off the bone.  My friend got the grilled shrimp.  Simple but also done very well.  Another friend got the pork which she said was good but I was too full to try.   We started with the tostones and the yuca.  We love starch.  We also tried the stuffed yuca but we didn't really enjoy the taste of the meat inside.  The vinegar sauce that they served with the tostones and the yuca was awesome...I love ketchup but this was better. I would definitely go back but just be warned that on Friday and Saturday nights, it gets crowded!
This place has AMAZINGLY good food, especially for the price. The service is outstanding and despite the older decor, I am wowed every time I visit. The authentic food is unmatched in the area and again for the price. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!
CUBAN COMFORT FOOD IN THE MIDDLE OF SOUTH BEACH With all the high priced hotels and glitzy restaurants in South Beach, it is refreshing to have such an unprepossessing dining option.  We were quickly seated at a table and it was fun to see the variety of people dining here.  We were surrounded by fashion models, local families, first dates, and even a recent reality television star from Shear Genius. The menu was extensive so it hard to decide what to order.  Maybe the best strategy is to see what comes out of the kitchen and point.  We ordered a couple of dishes and shared. Roasted Chicken This was enough to feed a family of four.  An entire roasted chicken accompanied by black beans, rice, plantains, and a basket of bread.  It was very filling and satisfying. Shrimp Enchilado A small metal tray held six shrimp in a red sauce with rice on the side.  I thought this dish was kind of bland and skimpy for the price.  The description of the sauce sounded better than it actually tasted.  I would not order this again. Great place to people watch and enjoy Cuban comfort food.
Very good! We ordered the shredded beef, Cuban sandwich (good but better at cafe habana in NYC) potato balls, beef empanada, and cafe con leche.
I love this place!!!  Every year when we come to Miami for the WMC - this is the place to eat.  Excellent food for cheap and open at all hours.  My absolute favorite and look forward to eating there next year too.
Love love love home cooking great breakfast coffe NAND empanadas... Love it
OMG this place is amazing.. So full right now I can't type.. A must stop, low key, easy and by far the best Cuban I have ever had.. Sorry to the rest but this was the best....
Like everyone says, get the oxtail stew. Meat falls off the bone and is so tender it melts in your mouth. Eat with the white bread and butter to soak up all the extra juices and the rice. I also enjoyed the roasted chicken. Plantains and black beans are standard fair but delicious as well. Skip... the juices and the smoothies. It felt like they made them from gelatin so they both had a sweet gooey consistency. Not very appetizing. Also, skip the flan. It was hard and broke in to pieces when we broke in to it.
Great food! Their Cuban sandwich was very yummy.. We had their green plantains which was awesome for appetizer. Fried which I'm not used to but was good! The Cuban beer makes it all a complete experience. Then to finish it off, u have to try their colada.. They make it very good! We also had the flan which I thought was too sweet.
Lovely, great restaurant. All the fishery were great. On top of that, I really could feel the atmosphere of Cuban. It was so exotic to me.
Hands down the best paella I've ever had in my life. Takes a long time to prepare (45 min), but definitely worth the wait!
Awesome place. Authentic Cuban food with great fast service.
Food... Ropa Vieja Drink... Cuban Iced Coffee. Verdict in one word... AMAZINGNESS. Specifics: Starting with the food... Ropa Vieja is full of flavors, juicy, tender slow cooked beef with seasoned and shiny white rice. Fried plantain pieces are just a cherry on top. Then off to the drink. I love coffee. I didn't expect much from this hole in the wall restaurant but wow. The best iced (and sweetened) coffee (with milk) I've ever had. HANDS DOWN THE Best Cuban restaurant in the neighborhood. I don't know where you are coming from and how you are getting here... but the long drive and tough parking are well worth what you're about to have at the restaurant.
My hubby and I were in Miami for a night, and wanted to eat Cuban food for dinner. We found this place on Yelp and we were not disappointed. It was walking distance from our hotel Park Central.  It was Sunday night and it was pretty busy. Luckily, they were able to seat us pretty quickly. We ordered the fried pork for our appetizer and it was divine. So tender and tasty, I wished I had more! For our meal, I ordered the Ropa Vieja (shredded beef) with rice and plantains, and my hubby had the Pernil Asado (pork shoulder) with rice and yuca. My beef had great flavor but I expected it to be more tender. The plantains were cooked just right and had the right sweetness. The pork shoulder was very tender and tasted delicious. I kept on picking off my hubby's plate. I ended dinner with a cup of Cafe Con Leche. Yummmy! Our waiter was great and the food was wonderful. I definitely recommend this place and would go back when I'm in Miami.
I'm not sure how this place is popular with good reviews.  I came here with 4 other friends craving for some authentic Cuban food bc we were recommended by others and by YELP.  We read the reviews and it sounded great, so of course we thought we were going to eat well.  We were wrong. We preordered the paella bc it takes awhile to cook.  We got 4 orders of it.  When we finally received it, it was in a large deep pot (not a shallow paella pan) and the rice was over cooked, soggy and congealed.  It looked UNAPPETIZING and it tasted AWFUL!!! The worst paella I've ever tried!!!  DO NOT GET IT! We also ordered... -Sandwich Cubano - which was the best out of all the dishes -Pollo Asado - not flavorful at all and it was nothing special -Sopa De Pollo Y Fideos - barely any noodles, veggies and chicken.  mostly bland soup -Calamar Frito - fishy smell to it and way too chewy -Ropa Vieja - this was ok -Fricase De Rabo - i liked this one bc it was tender and the meat fell off the bone one other thing i liked was the rice.. that's about it.  never coming here again and will not recommend it to anyone! Also, service was slow it was hard to get the attention of the servers.
Outstanding hole in the wall Cuban restaurant. No frills, just awesome food that taste home cooked and fast. Tried the oxtail and the pulled beef. Also got a killer caffeine rush from the Cuban cafe con leche. Would surely go back.
i'm no pro on cuban food. but it's delicious, it's cheap, it's fast, and it's in the heart of touristy south beach. what more could i ask for? we zipped (by rented scooter) to puerto sagua twice in three days while visiting sobe. why? because the menu has so many items on it, all very straight forward and YUMMY. we tried the chicken and rice (both white and yellow), picadillo, finger steaks, fried fish. all served hot with rich plantains and beans. the servers even sang happy birthday to my friend, with a complimentary slice of tres leches cake. beautiful! love it here. wish we had something similar in san diego!
I go here on my lunch breaks and I always sit at the bar.  I sit back in the corner on the left side because I love the little guy who takes care of that side.  He does a really good job unlike some others who work at the bar.  I've had to wait FOREVER to even get a waitress to notice me sitting anywhere else, and that's with an empty restaurant.  So if you go there and wanna sit at the bar make sure you sit on the far left side for good service! (I wish I remembered the mans name!)
Just watched Robert LaMontagne at the Filmore and I was craving Cuban food.  We asked some local Miamians where to go at this time of the night. Puerto Sagua was recommended. It wasn't too far away. We sat at the bar and an older Cuban lady greeted us and took our order. Had to have a Cuban sandwich and tostones.  Sandwich was good. Definitely fulfilled my craving, The tostones were amazing. Very crisp and the garlic sauce was sooo good.  It was almost midnight and quite busy.  For something sweet we had the flan. I would definitely come back when I'm in the area. Good food and affordable.
You will NOT be disappointed...highly recommend this place. Vaca Frita, Ropa Vieja, Maduros, Tres Leches, and Cafe con Leche...all traditional dishes cooked to perfection. I was dying to lick my plate clean but, you know, south beach and all. This place had a cozy real feel to it, though. If you are looking for scrumptious Cuban food this is the place for you!
On the other end of the dining spectrum (and Collins Ave) from, say, Blue Door, you find Puerto Sagua.  I arrived in Miami with one stated non-job-related mission: eat good Cuban.  Food.   Yelp did not lead me astray.  This place has the ambiance of a New York deli, but full of Latin Americans.  Which...  still makes it similar to a New York deli.  As a matter of fact, I'm going to go ahead and dub this spot the Cuban Katz's, because i'd be hard pressed to choose between them. The menu is large, the portions larger, unnecessarily so, and the prices gosh darn reasonable. I had the roast pork shoulder, with beans, rice, and yuca, and lots of crystal hot sauce.  and i highly recommend it.
Nestled in and amongst the ritz and glamour of SoBe, you can find this neon-signed hole in the wall. Only the wall is a corner building, and the hole has possibly the best food in the area. And the neon sign is a neon sign. So nice, ate there twice last week while on vaca . To the yelpers who drool when the fried pork chunks are mentioned, thank you. It was you who inspired me to sample and let me just say, aaaahhhhhh. Couple that with some shredded beef, black beans and Presidentes, you may just need a wheelchair to cart your full self back  into the world.
Puerto Sagua was a bit of a disappointment [perhaps we've had too many fantastic experiences with Cuban food in New York.] The staff was super nice. We ordered tamales, the pork shoulder and pollo asada for lunch. Overall, the food was flavorful, but greasy and overpriced.
one of my favorite restaurant when we went to south beach! yellow rice with the chicken was crazy good! i think it was a special at that time but that meal was the most satisfying meal we had over the whole vacation. always packed, prices are good, and service is friendly. very hole in the wall place. dont miss out if you go to south beach. restaurant is right on collins so its basically walking distance from everything that happens in south beach. delicious! ps, try the cuban coffee (very strong)
Great paella!! My friend and I came here for lunch and were pleasantly surprised! Despite looking like a New England seafood house on the inside, this place bleeds Cuban culture.  Great music ambiance off set from the busy ocean-ave, this place isnt gimmicky and trying to get you in their doors; people come here for the the great experience.   Highly recommended over the places over on ocean ave, highly authentic.   Just a word of caution, this is Cuban paella.  It is served in cooking pot, different from the Castilian/Portuguese paella which is served on a wide paella plate.  It's also pretty soupy (with the rice inside) but they give plenty of bread for you to soak up their delicious sauce.  Great experience!!
Good Cuban food at good prices for something on Collins! We sat at the bar and were served quickly. They recommended the shredded beef and oxtail so we got both. Both dishes were delicious, but I enjoyed the oxtail better. You also can't go wrong with fried plantains! Yummy!!!! Service was great too!  I would definitely come back!
After getting completely ripped off by the restaurants on Ocean, this place was a very very welcome surprise! In fact, I think it saved Miami from being permanently branded as cheesy and sleezy in my mind. Great location right off of Ocean near all the boutique hotels. Very casual restaurant with a lighting scheme that makes it feel like a diner (and the simple diner plates to match), but the food tastes like it came from a fancy restaurant. The prices are so reasonable. I went here with 4 people - we shared an app an each got a steak/chicken entree and beer, all for only 100 dollars, including tip. That beats the 180 bucks we spent on 4 margaritas and an appetizer on Ocean! Plantains are just about my favorite thing in the world, and here they were amazing. I wish I had gone back the next morning to try the plantain omelette. At Puerto Sagua I ate the most flavorful chicken I have ever tasted in my life. I also tasted the skirt steak and it was the same way. Mmmmmm! And fried Yuca! Had never heard of it before Puerto Sagua, but wow is it delicious. Kind of like a harder, more sour potato, fried and served with a vinegary dipping sauce. If you're hanging out on South Beach, try this place for a change of scenery.
Well, I went here for the first meal of my south beach vacation based on the reviews on yelp and suffice it to say I was very disappointed. We started with the fried yuca, which was good, basically looked and tasted like an oversized french fry, which is fine in my book, unfortunately it was all down hill from there. For an entree my fiancé and I split the shrimp enchilado and cuban sandwich.  The salads came out first, and they consisted up a pile of iceberg lettuce and 2 slices of tomato.  Call me a salad snob but I dislike iceberg lettuce with a passion for it's complete lack of nutritional value and flavor.  Next come the main dishes, which were as underwhelming as the salads.  I could barely taste the pork in the Cuban sandwich because there was so little of it in there.  Basically it tasted like a toasted ham and cheese and not a very good one at that. The shrimp was cooked well but what sauce there was had little flavor, and the dish just ended up tasting like boiled shrimp and white rice. Finally, another diner in our party ordered the leche cake and what came out was more than half whipped cream and not very tasty by all accounts. All in all, the price is right but, from my experience, not a lot else is.
Loooove this place to death.  The coffee is amazing, cortaditos are my fave!  The food is very tasty!  Definitely one of the things I miss about living in Miami.  The pollo al plancha is great, also they have beef with chimi churri sauce, I can't remember the name but it was off the chainnnn.  Definitely must try this place.
Very good Cuban food in a VERY casual atmosphere.  The only thing this place has going for it is the food.  If you are looking for ambiance or great service, go somewhere else.  I had the Fried Pork Chunks and we ordered a pitcher of sangria for the table.  Everything was very tasty.  Cons were the long wait and table smelled of dirty dish towel and seemed a little sticky.  If you go here, expect authentic Cuban food, but that's about it.
Great service and excellent food! I had dinner then went back the next morning for Cuban coffee. The sangria was outstanding. The plantains were perfect and the oxtails were heavenly. They dont split checks so bring cash or dine with someone you're willing to treat if it comes down to that. I will go back each time I'm in South Beach! This place is awesome.
Amazing atmosphere. Super service and food. The shredded beef was delicious. The sangria perfect. We would go again!
Great food for a reasonable price!  Ate breakfast here for 3 of the 5 days I was in SoBe.  Found it on yelp of course and it did not disappoint!  On my own so sat at the counter and met interesting people.  Amazing coffee cake!  Get there before 11am for the breakfast specials that come with a small cup of freshly squeezed orange juice, omg delish!  Good basic breakfast options, although don't expect fruit to come with anything in this meat-centric, but typical Miami diner LOL!  Oh and don't order turkey bacon, they will just put some coldcuts on the grill, ew ; )  But otherwise everything I had here is sooo good - oh and try the cafe con leche - yum! FYI - all restaurants in SoBe include gratuity, I can only assume to account for all the foreigners?  Anyway, the first couple of times I didn't realize it and tipped an additional 20%!!  So beware....
Yummy, cheap and filling. We came here harshly hungover last sat morning. After 25mins of trying to find a parking space( we should of walked the 20 mins from our hotel). The whole feel of the place is authentic, old guys sitting at the bar drinking cafe con leche, spanish flying over most tourist heads, and plenty of yummy smeels floating form the kitchen. We order friedn pork chunks, Pollo asado, and a med cuban sandwich, wine/beer. All of that for less than 40$ it was our cheapest meal the whole weekend, and 2nd ont he list for yummiest. the fried pork was crisp on the outside but nice and mosit on the inside. the chicken was flavorful and came with plenty rice and the best black beans I've had in awhile. there were friend plantains too, just not enought of them.  My Bf's sandwich was sooooo good and big that we both had leftovers and ended up eating it later as a post drinking snack. # thumbs up for this place. Only one thing.  Dont go if your in a hurry!  the serivce was really nice and helpful. BUT not fast. But that was ok, we were enjoying the AC and the people watching anyway.
Simply the best Cuban food I've ever had.  I wish I lived in Miami for many reasons, and Puerto Sagua is one of them.  Perhaps it is best I don't live near this place, because I'd be stuffing my face every day.  The plaintains and rice are the epitome of comfort food.  We had great service and it'll be number one on my list when I go back!
Overpriced, but food is very good.
Came here twice! in two days.... once for breakfast, pretty standard... good cafe con leche.... after that, we came around 5pm, had the roja vieja? (shredded beef), asked for black beans and rice instead of plantains (not a fan of bananas, or those similar), bf got the oxtail... that, my friend, was the best meal we had all trip! and we had 7 nights of cruise buffets, foie gras, filet mignon, lobsters, smoked salmon, track of lamb....and yes, we do think we had the best meal at puerto sagua!
Talk about some real Cuban food!! This place was so amazing . We had the Ropa Vieja, Churrasco, Pollo a la plancha. Very good!! The place was pack with people and it's a bit small. But it's the best Cuban Restaurant in South Beach Miami.
I am no means a Cuban food connoisseur, nor have I had many...but this was the best Cuban meal I've ever had. I had the ropa vieja. It was just awesome - so flavorful and unique.  Generally speaking I don't enjoy plantains, so I can't really comment appropriately on them.  I felt like I needed to try an authentic Cuban meal while I was in Miami, and I certainly was not disappointed.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The food was nothing like would I expected it was 10 times more! I was tired of eat at the sidewalk restaurants on ocean dr and yelped Puerto Sagua b4 I came down. Since there were so many good reviews i had to try this place. The first great thing about this place was that we didn't have to wait and were seated rite away. This could be becuz it was a tuesday afternoon but hey it was still a plus. Another thing i notice was that they had the radio playing on R&B oldies station? It was cool to me but jus seemed a little odd. We received the menu and the choices were endless! It was really hard for me to decided becuz everything sound so good. I eventually decided on the shredded beef (cuban style) with rice and plantains and my ordered the fried grouper with rice and beans. Now this was the last meal I had on my trip and it was also the best meal!!!!! The shredded beef tasted like my grandma's beef stew with a cuban kick it was sooooooo yummy especially with the rice. The plantains were just as good and i don't even like plantains! The fried grouper that my friend had was so tasty from inside and out! And the portions were very generous! I tried my darnedest to finiash my food but i jus couldn't. I really wanted to try dessert but my belly just wouldn't allow it! So the next time i visit South Beach Puerto Sagua will be the 1st order of business!!
This place = pure amazingness. Whenever I come to Miami, I make an effort to come multiple times. It's good ol' food at it's best for excellent prices and total deliciousness. I always get the pollo asado (roast chicken under $10) with black beans, rice, and the best sweet plantains. I could get a whole side order of those plantains.The chicken is usually so tender it falls right off the bone without a knife. The ropa vieja (shredded beef) is also very tasty in a great marinade. This past trip I also tried Materva, a soda made of yerba mate that tastes a bit like red bull (with a tea aftertaste) - yummy ! The cafe con leche is a bit sweet, but a nice treat to finish with. Don't expect anything fancy - this place is simple in terms of food and decor, but is really authentic Cuban food. I love the clientele too - it brings all walks of life (young, old, hip, american, cuban, tourists, locals) who come to experience some simple, tasty cuban cuisine !
really great restuatant andone of the first resturants on south beach. the ropa vieja is amazing adn hte empenadas and croquetas are totally delicius.
Friendly staff but I give this place a 3 stars because I can honestly say I've had better cuban food in orange country (Bella Cuba). I ordered the pork shoulder (needed more flavor to it) and the 1/2 chicken (tasty and very generous portion). I wouldn't be compelled to come back for a second time.
Barely rounds up to a four. Great place to drop by after an afternoon lounging on South Beach. Good food in a no frills environment. The bathroom is kind of gross though. The pork shoulder was amazing and the clear winner for the table. We thought the ropa vieja was good, but not amaaaazing. The chicken and rice was decent too. Compared to everything else, the cuban sandwich was not as exciting, though still good. Avoid the seafood stew. The seafood was not at all fresh. I really like the plantains that come with the entrees. The service was kind of bad. Really brusque and rushed. But it's that kind of place.
I wanted to try this place out after seeing yelp reviews. This is for take-out. The entrees I thought were just ok. I had the ropa vieja. My friend had the roasted chicken. We wanted to try to the fried yuca but the waiter said they were out. So we got the stuffed yuca. What a mistake! We should've just gotten more plantains. Cafe con leche was too sweet. The only highlight for me was the dessert. Quatro Leches is a must-try! It's a basic tres leches with this caramel frosting on top. Yummm.
First time eating Cuban food so this review is not a reliable verdict on how authentic this place is but I can tell you if the food is good or not. Ordered cafe con leche, black bean soup, stuffed yuca, and the shredded beef dish. My favorite dish is the stuffed yuca, it was like a tamale but instead of corn, it was a potatoe like thing.
I visited this place  about 5 times when I was in Miami. Definitely a great place right on the beach!
great breakfast place with many combo plates that will not disappoint.
One of my favorite must visits when im in south B. Located conveniently on the lower part of Collins - try the Vaca Frita or chuleria de Cerdo (pork chops) Expect a little wait but worth it - not too many places reasonably priced with great food on Collins. This place will not disappoint you.
The overall is good. Just feel like some of the entrees are too salty. Do not like the way they split the bill by adding a lot of tip fees
The GOOD - Our party of 5 ordered a variety of dishes from the menu including ropa vieja and a media noche sandwich. Everyone liked their dishes and I especially enjoyed the ropa vieja The BAD - The service was terrible, the waiter largely ignored us as well as every other table in the place. The decor is nonexistent, very un-South Beach: old, wood-paneled walls and no style at all. The VERY VERY UGLY - The restrooms were filthy and disgusting which we didn't discover until AFTER we had finished dinner. We had noticed 2 girls walk in for dinner, go to the bathroom before eating and then immediately walked out without eating. Now I know why. I've heard restaurant workers say that you can tell how clean the kitchen is based on the cleanliness of the restroom.........that thought literally makes me sick when I think that I ate here.  I REALLY hope that's not the case here.
Great local Cuban food.  Friendly waitstaff.  We had Mary waiting on us.  She was sweet and professional.  We had the breaded coconut shrimp, asparagus soup and a pulled pork sandwich.  The food came quickly and in big portions.  It was tasty, but not over the top.
Due to circumstances we ended up eating at Puerto Sagua three nights in a row. And, each night the food was wonderful.  From the oxtail stew, to lechon asado, to the media noche sandwich, to the pigs feet stew, to the roasted chicken, to the tostones and maduros and the cafe con leche was great.  The service was very friendly and accommodating. Kudos to Puerto Sagua.
gooood.  sangria is good and food is great.  keep it simple and try the pollo asado dinner.  mmm.
This restaurant looks like a dive but, the servers and staff are excellent.  Unfortunately, their food was bland and lacked flavor it could be because I order the Cuban burger and my friend ordered Cuban sandwich.  The saving grace was the Cuban beer which was made in USA.. .:)
I loved this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had the chicken with rice and beans and fried plantons (sp)....it was soooo good. probably the best chicken I have ever had. plus it was cheap! The service was good and the food came out fast. A must! Note: I have never had Cuban food before so I think it is great but I don't have anything to compare it to.
I had the roasted half chicken. VERY FILLING, but a little dryer than I expected. Maybe I would suggest to go dark meat (not my cup of tea)? Anyways I still give this place 3 stars because their press is old / awesome and anything that comes off of it (warm delicious cuban bread) is God-given. Also my sides were the absolute jump-off (rice, beans, maduros). I will definitely try the Cuban hot off the press next time.
I loved this place when I stayed in South Beach.
Definitely a good spot considering the area.  Reasonably priced and huge portions.  I got the red snapper special with a red sauce that had onions and peppers on rice.  I thought it was just OK.  The fish tasted overcooked to me.  I imagine if I was able to return though I would eventually find something great.  The menu is huge and the place has the feel of authenticity.  Definitely a place to check out if you want Cuban and are stuck in the south beach area without a car.
After a long day at the beach we headed to Puerto Sagua.We order and enjoyed a few different things. Arroz Con Pollo, black beans, and fried plantains, Ropa Vieja. Our favorite was the Cubano! Yes, it was a sandwich but, man it's a sandwich you won't ever forget! The bread was crispy outside and soft inside, filled with layers of ham and melted cheese. It was so yummy!
My go-to Cuban all hours restaurant. OMG the food here is fresh and amazing. A must try for anyone visiting South Beach. Packed with authentic flavor Puerto Sagua is my favorite restaurant, I can eat here for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night (after partying). Plus who could resist the free bread and bargain prices. Arroz con pollo and Ropa Vieja are the must haves here. The food comes out fairly quickly which is another added bonus! Love them!
This is an authentic Cuban American cafe that hasn't changed in 50 yrs or so I suspect.  The staff is more or less permanent some have been there 20 plus yrs.  The food is very consistent and its a great value.  I sit at the counter and order chicken and rice or ropa vieja frequently and a gentleman named Gaston usually serves me.  Its always a pleasure to eat there.
I'd rate this place 2.5 stars. Came here for a weekend trip to run a half marathon on a Sunday morning in Miami.  Came to Puerto Sagua Saturday afternoon. This place is located near Ocean Drive, and 2 blocks from my hotel at the Clinton. Diner that serves "quality" Cuban food. I sat at the bar as most tables were occupied. I ordered some ham and cheese croquettas, the ropa vieja, and a cubano to go. The ham and cheese croquetta seemed too perfectly log shaped, so not sure if that was home made or processed? The ropa vieja is slow cooked pulled beef (i think of rump) with peppers and onions in a tomato broth, served with a scoop of white rice, and white rolls. The broth seemed a bit salty to me, not sure if everyone found the same when they tried. Maybe a bad batch for me, dunno. This actually reminded me alot of a Filipino dish I grew up eating. For that, that new factor didn't wow me. I had the Cubano later that night for dinner and found it actually quite salty as well. Not sure what cured meats they use, but was hard to finish as a result. The bread since was cold was still buttery, but not crispy/flaky. Unsure of the cheese used, and it had pickles. In all it seemed very ordinary. If that truly is a traditional cubano, I'm not a fan. My tastes in Cuban food is not extensive as this was only my second Cuban meal in my life. So there's nothing to compare to with other Cuban food experiences. I want to like this place but didn't find the food all that good in execution. Given the chance, I would try this place again to see if this place is truly overrated, or am I just not a fan of Cuban food?
Authentic & Flavorful!
Awesome, CHEAP Cuban breakfast in South Beach. For $8 or less you get a tasty breakfast with your choice of eggs, meat, potatoes and bread. Oh but it also includes a hot beverage choice and fresh squeezed OJ. I love the Cuban toast and the best g.d. hot chocolate ever. Since I couldn't indulge in a cafe con leche it was the second best choice. We loved it so much we went back again to get our yummy fill. This place is very conveniently located, just a block from the beach.
I like the old diner style to the place. The waitstaff is not exactly quick but that's okay. They helped me choose some traditional cuban plates - the tostones (fried plantain) and #63 roast pork shoulder with black beans and rice. It was delicious.
Represent Represent Cuba! This small gem was highly recommended by everyone we encountered during our stay in South Beach! I enjoyed the plantains and Sangria the best. My waitress spilled my hot entree in my lap by accident... It didn't burn my flesh so I had to forgive and forget! Me and my friend were extremely tired after dinner from our long day so we ordered  a cortadito. Instant energy boost we were awake after that and partied for hours!!!! (thanks Khloe K.) 7/3/14
One of the lunch specials, ground beef (Spanish style), was served with fried plantains, rice, and black beans. Everything was seasoned well. Service was fast and friendly. All of this for $9.75. It is definitely worth leaving Ocean Drive to get a taste of real Cuban food. Besides, Collins, is only 1 block from the beach!
Ok...the food was amazing.  We just asked the waitress for recommendations since both my bf and I never had Cuban food before.  From appetizer to main course to dessert...the sauces was a bit heavy but everything tasted great...BUT why a 3 stars? Cause both my bf and I couldn't leave the bathroom after we had dinner there last night... We couldn't even enjoy our jet-ski because we had to drive back to the dock and RUN to the restroom in the middle of the ride... We only had 2 meals yesterday and it wasn't the breakfast...So, unless you're a regular on Cuban food (apparently our stomach couldn't handle it....) you take your chance.
Haven't been here since 1991, but glad to see it's still going strong.
Food was ok. Had the Picadillo. My wife had the roast chicken. Both meals were somewhat enjoyable and reasonably priced, but most of the food was relatively dry and bland.
Good latin food.  The empenandas were the flaky kind and delicious.
Holy Ox Tails!  My Dr referred me to this place, and we ended up their 3 times, twice on the first day!  We were in SoBe waiting to board a cruise with 34 of our closest family members. I went there twice before our cruise, and once after. EVERYONE in our party of 35 went here at least once this trip. EVERYONE sampled the OxTail! EVERYONE loved it! I tried the OxTail on each visit, along with the Pork Chunks and Shredded Beef.  I also sampled the Tilapia in Garlic sauce and a full order of the Paella.   Oxtail - fantastic. Meat was tender, sauce was flavorful. Pork Chunks - terrific. Meat was marinated in a vinegar marinade. It was soft and tasty. Shredded Beef - okay for me. Some loved it, but the Pork Chunks and OxTail overshadowed it. Paella - pretty good. I've had better, and probably too expensive to order again. Also, it takes 45 minutes for this dish. Tilapia - not bad. Wife ordered it and liked it, but I thought it was average. Plantains were fabulous. Cortadito and Cafe con Leche were good. They seemed to always accommodate our large group.  We always came before the rush. Prices didn't break the bank either.  The place seemed pretty worn down, but it felt clean enough. This is a definite must try when you're in SoBe!
Update July 1, 2011 Today I received a compliment from Carlos A. from Homestead, FL: "For your review of: Puerto Sagua Restaurant Comemierda!!" Not being a Spanish speaker, I of course had to translate "comemierda." Urban Dictionary defines commerierda as "Sh*t-eater, a**hole, dumb-a**, f*ckoff, go eat sh*t. It is used in all Spanish speaking countries as in insult or replacement of the above similes." Carlos, here are some words of advice for you. If you are going to cyber trash talk someone about a restaurant you either have part ownership, work in, or just frequently patron, do not upload photos of said restaurant as evidence of your connections and ties. It's juvenile and uncivilized. If you believe I am mistaken that the ropa vieja and the pollo asado are dry and inedible, you can address the issue with me in a more educated and, again, civilized way. And the most important of all, if you are going to trash talk to me, at least have the decencies to write in English. Did you think I wouldn't be able to translate comemierada easily on the internet? i dare you to use profanity and call me names again. Carlos' profile yelp.com/user_details?us… The only two photos he uploaded and of Puerto Sagua: yelp.com/user_local_phot… yelp.com/user_local_phot… --- First meal in Miami, we jumped right in with Cuban at Puerto Sagua. We went with the house specialities: Ropa Vieja, Pollo asado, and Café con Leche. Ropa Vieja, translated as "Old Clothes," was a shredded beef dish Cuban style served with arroz y platanos (rice and plantains) plus a side of black beans. The shredded beef  was dry like cardboard, not even the slightly sweet tomato based sauce helped. Black beans was ordinary unlike the ones we had at Laura's in Hollywood later on during the trip. Ropa Vieja: yelp.com/biz_photos/SRRI… Black Beans: yelp.com/biz_photos/SRRI… Arroz y Platanos: yelp.com/biz_photos/SRRI… Pollo asado, a roasted chicken, was just as dry and under-seasoned. It was so dry that I began to dip the chicken pieces into the ropa vieja's sauce. I can't help but compare it to inexpensive and not so good grocery store rotisserie chicken. yelp.com/biz_photos/SRRI… Café con Leche was the only part of the meal I enjoyed. Spanish coffee with milk with just a tad of sugar to sweeten the caffeinated drink, the presentation itself is worth a try. yelp.com/biz_photos/SRRI… Perhaps after a night of drinking, this would be the ideal bargain bites to hit up. Just beware when dining sober. Photos shot with Canon 50D. Photographer: Moi.
Upon entering this is a small local place that seems like a quaint mom and pop type place.  After reading other reviews by fellow yelpers I decided on the oxtail stew.  Let me tell you as a Chinese person not feeling so well from terribly windy day in Miami that stew was just the thing that hits the right spot.  The meat was so tender very much like the way chinese beef stew soup is cooked.  It comes with white rice and fried plantains.  I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new, or just looking to try some local food.
The best Cuban food ever. They have a real Cuban menu, their service is not the greatest but the homey feeling of the food is great. The location is also very good, just a few blocks away from South Beach, is a great place for an early dinner before drinks and party. This place is great!
Amazing Cuban food at this hole in the wall place. This is a place I have to eat at whenever I visit South Beach. We ate three times here over a long weekend visit, that's how much we love this place. It's a great local eatery and sometimes you can spot celebrities eating here too. We ordered different items each time we ate here, and not once were we disappointed. Even the soup was excellent! Nothing fancy, just very, very tasty and inexpensive food. Versailles here in LA has nothing on Puerto Sagua!
good basic food.  Drink the beer not the wine.
A bit disappointed due to the good reviews.  Was expecting it to be better.  Had an Empenada and rice and plantains.  Nothing was that great and servers were disorganized and actually ignored us when we walked in.  The sangria was the high point actually.  It was quite good.   Would not go back as there are so many other Latin joints nearby, especially Las Olas that totally rocked.
It was Saturday night and I had not yet taken a drive around Miami on my own. I took my grandmother's Saturn ION out for a spin and I wound up on Collins and 7th Street. I saw the bright red neon lights of Puerto Sagua flickering and felt a rumble in my stomach. Located in Miami's South Beach one block west of the main drag on Collins Avenue, Puerto Sagua has not been assimilated into the rest of the overly fashionable district. Puerto Sagua is a throwback to another Miami. A Miami that was more concerned with flip-flops than Manolo Blahniks. I sat down at the long horseshoe counter. Down the counter sat two transsexual prostitutes in short skirts and halter tops drinking coffee and laughing. The decor is drab and the place is brightly lit. Scents of delicious Cuban food fill the air. A large breasted 50 something woman in a low-cut shirt and bright red lips took my order. A Cuban Sandwich and a Materva soda. Materva is a soda made from Yerba Mate that I drank a lot of as a kid whenever I was in Miami. Originally produced in Cuba, after the revolution it has been produced in Miami. It is a wonderfully unique soda. My Cuban Sandwich arrived and it was exactly what I needed after the disappointment of Versailles. The sandwich was juicy and flavorful. The bread was fresh and perfectly pressed. I paid my bill and walking towards the door one of the prostitutes winked at me. I smiled and laughed to myself, and quickly made my way to the car. _____
This place was recommended by locals who worked at the hotel I stayed at in South Beach.  Normally most restaurants that are recommended by hotel staff can be a toss up but this place was definitely one of the good recommendations! It also helped that it was a block from our hotel and closed relatively late (2am, I believe).  My friend and I went there twice, once for dinner and the other time for breakky. My friend ordered the Shrimp in Spanish sauce, a bit heavy handed on the salt (which we have noticed in many restaurants in the US) but very flavourful! The dish came with rice and beans and plantains.   I ordered the Fried Grouper (type of white fish), which was very tender and tasty but on the greasy side (obviously, as it was fried).  I opted out of the fries and salad and got rice and beans instead, no complaints there. Second time we ordered eggs and bacon, typical breakfast, can't screw that up!  Their freshly squeezed OJ was amazing, also can't screw that up! overall very friendly service! PS.  The place looks like a dive from the outside and even worse when you walk in but don't let it fool you because the food does not disappoint! Be Adventurous!
We got take out due to time constraints.  Roja Veja was good but as others have said in the reviews the oxtail stew was alot tastier.  Price was decent for the area.... Iced cafe con leche was yummy but skip the lemonade.
I'm pretty sure this is my first time ever giving out just one star! The hubs and i were in Miami Beach this past week and because Yelpers have never steered me wrong, we went to Puerto Sagua for Cuban food. BOO this place! I took off 1 star because the service wasn't so much bad as it was not existent (we had to ask for menus). I took off another star because the food was bland... my ropa veaja was fine, but like i said bland! i took off another star because the hubs got the cubano sandwich... what the heck is all the hype?! this is a plain old dumb sandwich... maybe other places have a better one, but this was on icky, hard, crusty bread and and had only 3 pickles on it... bland! i took off the other star because the bathroom was gross (i didn't go in the ladies room but the hubs went into the dudes... he said and i quote, "that bathroom was so gross and smelled like Cinnamon and poop". I gave it one star because they had french dressing on the table... not sure what it was for, but i have never seen that before.. one star for something new i guess. BOO this place!
you gotta luv authentic cuban food and i think that this place definitely does cuban food it's justice. we ordered the chicken which was flavorful and more importantly juicy and can't beat rice and beans and some plantains. the portions are good and for an appetizer i definitely recommend the cubano. this will be on the list of first things to do when i head back to south beach.
Great food and a great price! This is a tough combination to find on Miami Beach!
**TWO WORDS: ROPA VIEJA** We walked far for this place. But oh so worth it. A diner-ish unassuming restaurant with an authentic feel of Cuban workers, Cuban pastries, and vintage Cuban dark wood decor. We sat at the bar. ORDERED: *ROPA VIEJA - Tender, flavorful, and tasted well with the rice and plantains. *GLASS OF SANGRIA - Delicious! Not too sweet and not too strong. Floating fruits and good red wine. Heard the oxtail was also amazing. A MUST-STOP for those visiting SoBe. RECOMMEND.
Nice old school diner that doesn't wow you but has solid and tasty food. It's like I'm eating at my grandmother's house. Go here, enjoy the food. Good: -Ropa vieja -Oxtail stew -Tamal -Croquette -Milkshake (strawberry) Bad: -Non-applicable
I love this place! Friendly and efficient they ignore the ritz of the beach to do what they love to do which is provide affordable cuban food to the masses. They have a super cheap breakfast they they provide which from what i recall was like 4 bucks and that included coffee and orange juice. They have all the standards of cuban cuisine but also throw in normal american diner food such as milkshakes, burgers and fries. Great place for a quick eat, that's good and won't break the bank. Close to all the shopping on collins so a convenient place to stop for a snack.
Overrated. It was bland, but FILLING, and a decent price. Maybe if I had an array of spices and sauces to dump over the top I could have saved my meal, but yeah, nothing special here.
Authentic Cuban food in South Beach! The shrimp enchilado was delicious and the shrimp were fresh and succulent. The black beans and fried plantains were yummy too.  The entrees come with a salad - it's pretty lame but hey it's a diner. But the best part for me was the banana batido. At the Mexican taqueria I frequent back home in California, they make their batidos with ice cream. They're delicious but very thick and creamy. A Cuban batido is made with milk and condensed milk. It's lighter and frothier. Fantastic dessert treat. Since my hotel was a block away I ended up here every morning for my cafe con leche too. I really could have eaten dinner here every night (and given the food at other South Beach restaurants I should have!)
Wait staff stinks outloud.  Food is just O.K.
If you've got out-of-towners or if you're the savvy out-of-towner yourself, Puerto Sagua is the South Beach spot to score some satisfyingly Cuban fare. For those of us who happened to grow up in South Florida and opt to live on the beach, it's pretty fair to say we're not likely to be spotted here. Rather, you can find us making the drive off the beach to meet our ever-so-ethnic families at some local's spot off western part of Bird Road. But Puerto Sagua is good. Really good! And you're likely to be really happy with the no-frills interior... it points to a very authentic encounter with Latin cuisine. What you should order: ropa vieja, maduros (sweet, sometimes chewy, fried plantains), palomilla (very thin steak) with chopped onions and cilantro over top, arroz y frijoles (rice and black beans), masitas de puerco, yuca. Don't speak Spanish? Lucky for you, all of the servers here automatically address you in English. A sad sign for us locals (you know it's really good when Spanish is the first language to the patrons) but a good sign for those visitors who might feel intimidated by the language. Overall, it certainly satisfies and wins for best cheap Cuban on the beach.
What more could a Dude ask for on South Beach? Well, that is if you aren't going to meet a secret tryst on the dance floor grind at Mango's and steal away to a bungalow. Puerto Sagua -  I always want to say Puerto "Sangre" I think because this place is like my life blood: their food totally seduces, the atmosphere relaxes, the servers comfort and the continual flow of fabulously beautiful Cuban women who come and go make The Dude's pulse (among other parts LOL;) tick up :-P Seriously, if you haven't made it to Puerto Sagua, vayas y get your sangre an infusion of the real Cuban thing! Arroz con pollo, tostones, cubanos, lechon...ay, Mami! Ay, Miami Te Amo!
What a great place! My fiancée and I really wanted to try some good Cuban food while in Miami and we're so glad we found this place on Yelp. Nothing beats a diner and we were psyched when we entered and saw how good everything looked. I ordered the chicken special and my fiancée and the beef special and it was all amazing (especially the black beans and rice, mmmm). We also got two croquettes for an appetizer and they were mouthwatering and I tried a Cuban ale, which was really, really good. I would certainly come back here if I was in South Beach again.
My first foray into Cuban food was a success!  I ordered a Cuban sandwich while my friend ordered tilapia with green sauce.  We topped it all off with a coconut flan.  Loved the atmosphere and food, I'll make a return visit the next time I'm in the MIA.
The food was excellent.  Their fried plantain was ground, formed into sticks and fried.  The ropa vieja and baked chicken were excellent.  Service was pretty poor.  My ice tea never showed up (except on the bill) and a worker removed our plates before we even finished eating.  Definitely a high-volume low-service operation.  At $10.95 for the ropa vieja and $8.95 for the baked chicken, I can't complain.
Food is good and they are large portions at a very good price! However, their service is horrible!!!  Most places down in the south beach area have the worst service I have ever had! Probably because of the automatic 15% added! I have to give it a 1 solely on the service...too bad to give a recommendation!
Typical Yelpers that we are, we hit up Puerto Sagua when we were visiting Miami for a day.  The popular menu choices for this restaurant are the Oxtail Stew as well as their Cuban sandwich. I ordered the chuleta with rice and beans.   It was a good dish, but the pork chops (it came with two) were both dry.  The beans were... beans... but their rice was made well.  The sangria was alright... I had some because we ordered a pitcher of it.   What I really liked from this place was their Cuban sandwich.  It was made well, and the bread was crispy and buttery.   One of my dining companions ordered the oxtail stew but did not like it much because it was a little too heavy of a dish.   They also bring out some plain sliced bread rolls with butter for you to munch on before your meal comes out.  It was pretty basic. Overall, this was a decent place.  I would come back to eat here.
This is average food. Greasy and somewhat bland braised pork shoulder. Cuban sandwich had old bread. But it was decent, fairly cheap food. Nothing special though, unless you just don't like good food.
Thanks to YELP I finally tried this restaurant. I had seen it for years and it does not look like much from the outside (or the inside).  Melissa B. is right on - the pork chunks are excellent along with the black beans and rice.  It is not a place for a fancy long meal, the food comes out very fast.  I sat at the counter and I am not sure if the waiter spoke english or not as he did not say one word the whole time.  I will be going back to try a few more things that looked yummy on their large menu.
I'm.sorry but I have to say that I think there is better Cuban food in LA (mmm Versailles!!!) The 1/2 chicken with beans & plaintains has no chance against Versailles; the one here was only average and slightly dry. My man had the fried kingfish which was super dry and hard like a hockey puck... like airplane or wedding food.  I don't get why this place is so crowded or why people think this is a "good" food.  Its over popularized.
If I could give this place negative stars, I would. I went on a vacation with my mom and a few friends, so naturally we ate out a lot. We went here on two occasions, once for lunch and again for a late-night dessert. Our lunch experience was average, but our second stop barely even happened. Lunch was okay. In their defense, we didn't order particularly Cuban food, and two of us just split an appetizer. When asked if we could split the bill between a credit card and cash, we were given a resounding, emphatic no. The excuse was that the computer would not allow it, but our bill was hand-written... Our server was rude, but we let it go. It was our fault we forgot to ask/notify her at the beginning of the meal. Over all, it wasn't too bad. After happy-hour and a few hours of shopping, our group decided we wanted some dessert and coffee and some light aps. We went back to Puerto Sagua, because we remembered the menu was large and the prices were good. After a short wait, we were seated at a table. 15 minutes later, the rudest waitress I have ever encountered in my life came to take our order. My mother started, ordering flan and a coffee, which the waitress noted on our ticket. I continued, ordering a side of fries, orange juice, and tres leches, which the waitress also wrote down. After a bit of pondering, she asked us if we were just ordering desserts. I said, yes, but we planned on splitting appetizer and sides as well. She said, "We only serve food here," and then something in Spanish, and then all but ran away from our table. We were stunned and confused, and unsure if we were to be served or not. It took us a considerable amount of time to flag her down again, as she ignored us, and our attempts to get our attention. Finally, she returned and gave us some half-ass explanation that desserts were only served at the counter area, and the computer would not process our dessert request. Since there was no room at the bar area, we asked what we should do to get desserts. She said she didn't know.  I then asked about the appetizers and sides we planned on ordering, she said again, "We only serve food here." I then asked why there were so many "not food" items on the menu, and she told me that she was only an employee. Again, she bolted from our table, this time never to be seen again. We then left, having nothing more than a few sips of water. As someone who has worked as a server, I understand that it is a bit of a let down when a table sits down and doesn't order entrees. However, I have never been told that dessert was not a food, or that I wasn't allowed to order something on the menu. If you are a server, you get paid to serve. I have served all nature of people, rich, poor, rude, kind, drunk, and sober, and I took all of their orders with a smile on my face. Even if that smile was fake. This was by far the most insulting restaurant expired I have ever had.
I stayed in Miami four days, went to this place three times, ordered oc tail stew four times. The last time we ordered oc tail stew for two The white rice with the the dish is not so good . The black bean mixed with rice is much better, you can ask to change that The pork shoulder is soo tender, it is a must try. The outside skin is baked crispy and inside is still soft and tender. The taste is amazing. The onion ring come with the pork is so good I love this place. My first Cuban food test
Puerto Sagua didn't disappoint. Upon entering we noticed a line. The restaurant was packed. The line was moving slowly so we decided to sit at the bar. If you want to be seated quickly, definitely consider bar seating. Our server was friendly, quick and helpful. We didn't have to ask for anything. She made our first experience here great. Complimentary slices of fresh Cuban bread is offered. They were warm, toasty on the outside and soft within. It comes with butter. We decided to try the Roasted Chicken, Ropa Vieja (Shredded Beef), Oxtail Stew, Picadillo (Ground Beef), and Pernil Asado (Roasted Pork Shoulder). The Roasted Chicken came with Yellow Rice an Sweet Plantains. The chicken was OK, the skin was flavorful but the meat was on the dry side. The Yellow rice and sweet plantains were perfect. The Ropa Vieja (Shredded Beef), Oxtail Stew and Picadillo (Ground Beef) each came with a separate plate of White Rice, Black Beans and Sweet Plaintains. I love their white rice, it had so much flavor and was cooked perfectly. The meat in all three dishes was prepared well and seasoned perfectly. The Oxtail Stew was my favorite. The Pernil Asado (Roasted Pork Shoulder) comes with Arroz Moro (White Rice w/ Cuban Black Beans) and Boiled Cassava (Yuca). That was some of the best Arroz Moro and Yuca I've ever tasted. Perfect consistency on both and really great flavor. The Pernil Asado was not as tender as I would have liked. For dessert, if you like Tres Leches, you MUST try their Cuatro Leches (Four Milk Cake). It is by far the best Leches Cake I have ever tasted. It had just the right amounts of sweetness and the cake was fluffy. I see it in my dreams. Great spot for authentic Cuban food.
I had Cuban food from another hot spot in the popular South Beach area so now  I have had Puerto Sagua, that other SOBE spot, and now numerous California spots to compare.  Let me just say I don't see myself eating Cuban in Los Angeles AGAIN.   When comparing between the two spots in Miami this place hands down Puerto Sagua is AS GOOD AS IT GETS.  Next time I'll venture out more and do some more comparison however, ANYTIME you can take pork ribs and fry them into this YUMMMMMMY tastico yumminess I MUST say I'm a BIG fan.   The Lemonade here is not made like your traditional lemonade..it's made with limes but it's such a COOL and refreshing taste and cleans your pallet for the next bite so you can enjoy EVERY morsel of yummy goodness.   I will say I RETURNED during my stay JUST to get the fried pork ribs and WHOOPS! it's a friggin Thursday only special.  I was so sad.  So the waitress suggested I have the pork chops.  They didn't disappoint, but they were GOOD in another way.  My friend had the vieja ropa the first time and that was SO good, the second time was the enchiladas.  These are NOT what MOST know enchiladas to be.  They are NOT wrapped in tortillas.  BUT the sauce they are in is AGAIN AMAZING.  Places like this REALLY make me think I've never eaten before.  I mean REALLY I'm in the melting pot mecca of food from around the world YET places like this make my LA food haven seem mediocre.  OH THE BEANS! I've NEVER had such tasty black beans before UNLESS they were those sweet beans. Plain black beans I don't really eat many  BUT HERE I ate them ALL! This place isn't fancy...but it stays PACKED.  Open late and fortunately it was within walking distance from where I stayed.   Food prices were not SUPER cheap and were not high either.  You can get a good meal for 2 for 20 bucks easily.  Go enjoy eat up.
We checked out this place for dinner during our vacation, 1. because we were in the area, and 2. it got pretty good reviews on Yelp.  This place was packed! You are literally sitting ass to ass with the other customers. But since no one seemed to care, that only means that the food must be good.  They didn't disappoint.  The tostones were crispy and I loved the garlic dipping sauce.  The Cuban sandwich was also on the money and hit the spot.  My friends ordered the pernil and I just had to dip my fingers in it because it looked so moist, and it was! Very low budget place, but a great meal.
Best lunch I had so far in Miami! We came here twice during our 4 day stay.  Skip the lunch special on ocean drive and enjoy some flavorful cuban food here.  We got tostones as starter and I had Ropa vieja (shredded beef) both times and my bf got the fish sandwich (pretty good) the first time and then oxtail & rice the second time.  He is usually not a big fan for oxtail but he cleaned his entire plate.  Both mango smoothie (real fruit! really delicious) and cafe con leche were excellent!  Service was fast and we were so stuffed after $35 (tax included).
Found this place after searching the Internet prior to my trip. Wish I had more time to try more of the menu. Food was good service was quick and courteous. Great place if your looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat for lunch or dinner. A lot of the reviews I read swore by the Tres Leches cake....I was so full after my meal I ordered it just to try a bite or two.....wound up eating the whole thing AWESOME! Definitely worth a stop in if your in the neighborhood.
Appetizer- fried pork chunks and croquettes. Entree- chx in Spanish sauce, shredded beef, and oxtail stew Drinks- red sangria... Pass. Tasted like fruit juice. Everything was delicious! Fast service. In and out. Cheap. Total was $80 for three people. Place was kind of dirty. I thought a cockroach was going to crawl across the floor. Oh and they had really weird decorations. There were pictures of witches and people with their head cut off. It was very strange.
Everytime I come to Miami I have to HAVE Cuban food !, Specially here!. Puerto Sagua, Busiest restaurant in South Beach, Serving great Cuban food. This is what I usually get: Ropa Vieja Cuban Sandwich Yucas, Platanos And this makes my best trip in FL!. (Serviice is so so, they are pretty fast) Expect to sit pretty tight. End of story.
Only a couple blocks from the beach with a $1 per hour parking garage right across the street.  We came here to spend time before heading to the airport.  It was only about 30 mins to get to the airport from here.  We were able to park, eat, hang at the beach, shop and still make our flight. It is a darkish and divey place, with great food.  The bathrooms were pretty scary.  Don't think about using the bathroom to change into your swimming suit unless you can levitate above the floor. I had the pernil (pork shoulder) with moro rice.  My son had the chicken fingers and fries.  My daughter had a tuna fish salad and a side of yellow rice.  My wife had a roasted chicken with beans and rice.  All were very tasty and cheap. We would definitely go back.
Best place to go in South Beach for authentic Cuban food. Arroz con pollo, tostones, black beans, and cafe con leche are guaranteed to make you happy
Food came out quick, was pre-made and was a nice change of flavor from the cruise food. Staff was attentive and nice. The place looks a little old but most places in this area look similar.
Um, this place is amazing.  Diner style set up.  Arrived late afternoon on a Friday for lunch.  The place was packed but we were lucky to grab two seats at the counter.  Started with two Presidentes-yum, then a 1/2 craft of Sangria-also yummy.  The garlic butter sauce they give you for the Yuca fries was addictive.  My husband found himself pouring it on his Rioja, salad, etc.  My highlight was the Tres Leche cake that was portioned pefectly and very moist.  Will definitely come back here next time I am in SoBe.
One of the favorites in South Beach - can't ever go wrong here Fresh and done right. Prices very reasonable for the area. Great selection. At times there's a wait but all good places have this - wouldn't want to go somewhere empty right? Empanadas are all great, everything on the menu is - have had a lot of it and never been dissapointed
Dear Puerto Sagua, Thank you for saving our lives at 2am last Saturday!  I was starving because we hadn't really eaten dinner (we had a late lunch) and we'd already been partying on the beach for a few hours.  I knew that I didn't really want to wait to get home to have some grub...  What to do?  Well, thankfully we were parked in the Garage right across the street from you!  Fate?  I think so! While the bf and his friend went to grab the car, my friend and I ran across street and hurried inside.  I quickly ordered a Media Noche (sans pickles) and an Ironbeer.  Mmmmm!  YUM.  My friend ordered a Media Noche as well, but with fresh squeezed OJ.  While we were waiting, we ate a couple of croquettas to hold us over.  Within a few minutes our sandwiches were ready and our drinks were already in hand. Quick, easy service and great late night munchies is what makes me love you so.  :)  And let me just let everyone know, you were PACKED at 2am.  I guess a lot of people want delicious Cuban food late-night. Thanks a million! Regards, SabrinaAnna*
I love this place, found it on Yelp on my first trip to Miami and after going to a lot of overpriced "alright" places came here.  After I eat here once I came back everyday after that for four days straight.  Reasonably priced, great food, good/alright service (always super busy and you could go unnoticed at times).
Seafood and chicken paella was totally worth the 45 min wait, plenty of seafood (even large hunks of lobster!!!), definitely super greasy though. the service sucked - it was just our waiter though. All the other waiters seemed more attentive and personable to their tables. The price is great for SoBe. Highly recommend for groups even though they don't split checks. The chicken noodle soup was hearty but the Cuban sandwich was basically just a grilled cheese sandwich with ham... Nothing special. If it wasn't for the poor service I'd give it 4 stars.
We stayed in Miami for 2 nights, and we must have came here four times. The Ropa Vieja just melts in your mouth, the espresso and cafe con leche were amazing. Don't miss the cuatro leches either - it's heart attack in a bowl, but worth every bite!
We were very pleased to have tried great Cuban while in South Beach.  We passed another place that did Cuban but was just a cafe, but it was definitely worth the extra three blocks as the Cuban food was good, and it actually had that low-key feel of a Cuban restaurant.  We had the cuban sandwich and the Cuban pulled beef with yellow rice and plantains.  SO delicious, and the it was very reasonable.  Oh, we also had an omelet, it was kind of lackluster next to all that other amazing food.
Yum, yum, yum, and YUM! I was visiting Miami with a few friends and landed straight here after our flight. We got the Ox tail stew, shredded beef, fried pork, fried kingfish, and a papaya milkshake for me. Everything was so good that we literally killed everything. I really liked the fried pork and kingfish. The sauce with the fried pork was amazing. I would have gone back for seconds if my stomach allowed me to. Prices were decent for its portions. The service was wonderful since the waitress helped us pick some awesome dishes. We also ate close to closing time but the lady was so sweet to willingly serve us if needed. I would totally come back and recommend this place to friends who would visit. Thank you for giving me my first satisfying meal in Miami. You deserve 4 stars :)
If I had to name only one must-go to restaurant in Miami Beach, it would have to be this place.  It's affordable, it's authentic, it's down right delicious. In fact, this quickly became a favorite spot to go to during my brief vacation that I dined here on 4 separate occasions rather than opting to try some place new. To maximize your experience at Puerto Sagua, get the Ropa Vieja and a side of black beans. You won't regret it because you're basically getting the best of Puerto Sagua: their ropa vieja, their plaintains (it comes with the ropa vieja), and their black beans. Ropa Vieja (with rice and plantains) - Ordered this on all 4 occasions because it is too good to pass up. The shredded beef is super soft. The sauce is savory but not salty. Chicken Steak (with rice and black beans) - They made white meat tender, so props, but it was a little greasy. But what's a little grease when it tastes good, right? Sauteed Chicken Filet (with rice and black beans) - Also used white meat, but this time the meat was a little tougher. The broth reminds me of the ropa vieja broth except with a lime touch. Lots of veggies to be found in this one. Cuban Sandwich - My first cuban sandwich! Now I don't usually like eating pork and I hate the taste of ham, but I loved this sandwich. Fried Kingfish (with fries, rice, and black beans) - I'm not a fried fish kind of gal and I don't like fish steaks so this was only an okay dish to me, however the boyfriend enjoyed it immensely. Ground Beef Spanish Style (with rice, black beans, plantains) - I liked it, boyfriend loved it. A little salty. Beef Stew (with rice and plantains) - I loved this one while the boyfriend only liked this one. I enjoyed it so much that I even thought it was tasty as a cold leftover. Fried Plantains - I ate every single plantain on every plate we ordered. I freaking love plantains and they make some of the best damn good fried plantains that I've ever had. Black beans - I didn't even know it was possible to make black beans taste good. I'm still in awe and shock that I find myself occasionally craving their black beans. Tres Leches - I didn't care much for the whipped cream on top, but everything else was what I imagined it to be. Cake soaked in sweet, milky awesomeness with a cherry on top. Free bread - nothing special. It gets super crowded and the waiting time for food or to put in orders sucks a little, but it's really worth it. The loud chatter, the hustle-bustle of the waiters/waitresses, and the decor really made me feel like I stepped into a real Cuban cafe. 5 stars.
I was very underwhelmed by this place.  The service was friendly and the food tasted ok, but it made our party of four sick the next day.  I guess it's our weak midwestern stomachs.   I think the main reason why people are giving excellent ratings to this restaurant has to do with the price.  It's very dirty and I wouldn't go back.
We came here hoping to eat Cuban food, but we were a little to early and they only served breakfast.  I got the the super breakfast combo (ham, eggs with cheese, bacon, sausages, cuban toast, and orange juice.  Cuban toast was so so GOOD.  The OJ kicked a$$.  Everything was good.  My brother loved the Cafe Con Leche, he had 3 cups.
I'm a 'ditto head.' Simple, unpretentious, huge portions -- 3 meals from it! -- and unique flavors. I had the chunks of pork, Moro rice and plantains with caramelized onions. $13.95. Excellent.
food was great!!!! it's cuban food on a budget with real taste to it. the ropa vieja was good (they serve the meat seperately) and the pepper steak was juicy, tasty, and well propotioned.
i don't give out 5 stars that easily but this restaurant has earned my respect and money, ill try to keep this short and simple, my girlfriend and i stayed at south beach for vacation for a whole week, since we first stepped foot in here and ordered our meals it was the bomb.com i have never had the best cuban coffee or food this good in my whole life and yes I'm sicing this place up We have ate here every single day and have yet to be disappointed and have also tried different spots i recommend this restaurant to everyone all the food and beverages are delicious, my favorite dish out of everything on this menu including beverage is the PICADILLO A LA CRIOLLA (Ground Beef "Spanish Style") with the cafe con leche (cafe latte) including the homemade ice tea (best ice tea ever) once again i recommend this restaurant to everyone its a MUST, we are truly going to miss this restaurant! big ups to the staff here they are on there A game with everything! kudos!
What's a trip to Miami without trying Cuban food? Based on all the great reviews for this place, I knew it was one that I would have to try. Authentic look and feel, busy flow of people coming in and out, not to the point where there were any lines or wait time for tables during the Saturday afternoon that we arrived. - Fried yuca: waitress said there were only about 4-5 sticks. More than that came out. Delicious and interesting taste when dipped in the oil-like dipping sauce that accompanied it. - Roasted chicken: It came with a side of rice, plantains, and a bowl of black bean soup. Chicken was on the dry side and not much flavor. Plantains were good. The black bean soup was amazing. I hardly EVER touch bean soup prior to this experience and let me tell you, it was flavored so well...I couldn't help myself, but I kept on taking spoonfuls of it and even wanted to douse my chicken in it. - Ropa vieja: Flavored so well, meat was so tender, tasted great. Highly recommend ordering this dish. Quick and efficient service. Waitress was accommodating. They even have a bar area that you can sit at if you do not want to sit in the dining area with tables.
This place was one of two places suggested to my family and me by our hotel concierge when we visited a few years ago.  Since I'm not Cuban I can't attest to the authenticity of this place, but it's gotta be more authentic (and overall better) than Gloria Estefan's restaurant.  I'm glad we decided to eat here. This diner-style establishment serves home-cooked feeling Cuban cuisine of all varieties.  Black beans and rice are well-made and the sweet fried plantains are to die for.  I don't remember what I ordered when I was here (probably some sort of roast chicken) but I remember it being uber-tasty.   Conveniently close to the beach, so it's definitely a good place to stop by after a day at the sand and sea :-p
A laid-back atmosphere, efficient 24-hour service, and large portions complement the delish food for inexpensive prices at Puerto Sagua.  I didn't taste a single bad dish in my two visits to this eatery during a short trip to Miami.  Both the beef stew w/ rice and plantains and the cod in tomato sauce were solid dinner options.  The onions in our side of yuca con mojo made the dish.  The yellowtail fish sandwich and Cuban sandwich, plus flan for dessert, were also great lunchtime fare.  Consider taking a batido (fruity shake) to go like I did, yum!  It's no-frills Cuban -- the perfect fortification before (or late night snack after) a night of partying it up in Miami.
I went here for a quick bite &everyone who has already reviewed was so right! I had a wonderful waitress who reccomended the best version of this dish I've ever had. The ropa vieja was succulent and so perfectly cooked! I'm planning on coming here for lunch again before I leave! My boyfriend however ordered the roast chicken which was a bit overcooked and pretty dry. We're planning on both of us ordering the ropa vieja next time!
This place is addictive! The food is oh so yummy! The beef stew is to die for. Whenever my friends are in town I take them here and they are always satisfied.
In 1993 I was visiting South Beach for the first time with a friend. We were sitting by the clear blue ocean, enjoying the sand in our butt cracks, discussing what we might have for lunch, when accosted by a topless old lady who demanded that we try Puerto Sagua. She had a heavy accent which, to my ears, was virtually unintelligible. The only word I could decipher was "Cuban" which she pronounced Koo-ben. Fortunately, my friends parents were Cuban (or Mexican or maybe Colombian or Indian or something. Tomato, tomato) and he understood what she meant. Because I never, under any circumstances, ignore the advice of a babbling, topless old ladies, 20 minutes later we were seated inside what appeared to be a crappy diner that Castro had set afloat from Havana hoping it might drown before it reached the United States. Boy did he end up with huevo on his dirty bearded face! Back then I wasn't as adventurous as I am today, so I ordered what was most familiar to me, the chicken and rice. They served it with a side of black beans which, as a gringo, I assumed was soup causing me to exclaim, "soup!" because WTF else would I say to soup. There were also plantains which I'd never experienced before but was made to understand that they were sort of like a banana only not really but eat them anyway idiot because they're delicious, so I did and they were. By the end of the meal I'd had what was easily the best roasted chicken I'd ever tasted, with perfectly cooked, slightly buttery rice, onions, black beans and, for the first time ever, hot sauce. This was back in the early 90's before hot sauce was a staple of every American diet and Instagrammed picture of a meal, don't judge me. The meal was so good, in fact, that I ate there every day that trip and every day of every subsequent trip I have ever made to Miami. In fact, on a recent trip to Florida I drove over an hour out of my way just to have lunch here, much to the chagrin of my fiance who has been forced to eat there no less than "Seriously, again?" times. In fact, this is now the 3rd consecutive sentence where I've used "in fact", likely to your chagrin. I'm not sure how many times I've been there, possibly close to 50 which is a lot given that I don't live in Florida (because I'm not a retiree, a felon, or an advocate of the "Stand your ground" law). And in all of those visits I have never, ever, not once, ordered anything except the Pollo Asado. I don't know what that is exactly, because it's not written in American, but it's a lot like roasted chicken and it's amazing. Although this is my review, I'd like to point out that my fiance loves Puerto Sagua almost as much as I do. On our last 3 trips to Florida, most recently Dec 2013, she's allowed me to drag her there as many times as my heart desired and always enjoys hearing me say, "The first time I was here was in 1993 when you were only 6 years old and most of these waiters were only 90!". Everyone I've ever turned on to this place has enjoyed it and they've sampled entries from the menu other than the roasted chicken, although I don't understand why. You know the old saying, "Eating the exact same thing at a restaurant for 20 years is the spice of life," and I live by that. So should you. Oh, and once you've finished your lunch (or dinner), do yourself a favor and order a Cafe Con Leche. It's rivaled only by the CCL at the Cuban Coffee Queen in Key West and brutally murders anything Starbucks has ever made. The old men waiting tables at Puerto Sagua, who I'm certain were the exact same old men waiting on me back in 1993 and still don't look a day over 100, could bitch slap a barista like Fidel did to the Democratic Revolutionary Front and the CIA during the Bay Of Pigs invasion. Seriously, that's good food.
If I'm not mistaken, I don't think there are too many Cuban restaurants in South Beach.  I've come across a lot of small, corner coffee shops with outdoor take out counters; but that's pretty much the extent of it. I don't know how I missed out on Puerto Sagua all this time, but I'm glad I finally found it.  If you want basic Cuban fare in S. Beach, this is the place. You can't go wrong by coming here.  The prices are VERY reasonable and the portions are big enough to keep your fat mom happy ; ) O.K., O.K., that was distasteful.  Sorry, I couldn't help it : /
Authentic and cheaply priced Cuban food just a couple blocks off the beach. Cozy diner feel.   Every dish I tried tasted like it was cooked with great care and authentic.   I will definitely be back.  If you are looking for Cuban food and in the area, try Puerto Sagua out!  You can get an awesome meal for around $10.
The customer service is ok. I had a plate of rice and beans and plantains.This place is average at best. I don't see the big deal about this place.
Was gonna go to Larios, since I love Bongos in Orlando, but the same cab driver that recomended Front Porch told us about this place. And he was right. Better Cuban food and for half the price. My wife and I both got the Roasted Chicken which came with rice and sweet plantains. The flavoring on the chicken was incredible and the meat pulled off the bone so easy. And ofcourse the plantains were amazing. We topped if off with a Cuban coffee which I think kept us up till 2am.
Mmmmmmm. Go. This place was great. Very local, cuban diner. Ate at the counter to avoid the wait. Fast service, waitress had some good recommendations. Started with tostones (twice fired green plantains) w/garlic sause. Damn. SO GOOD. We shared ropa vieja (meh, i've had better... I make a Peruvian version), oxtail stew (very good), pork chop (the best, hands down).
If you're in South Beach and you don't wanna drive anywhere for some good Cuban cuisine, then come here. It's convenient since it's only a few blocks from the beach and your car is already parked somewhere. Cause driving in and out of Miami Beach is hell on the weekends right? You can just waltz in with your beach gear and grub. It's usually packed in here and it's close quarters. But aren't most good Cuban joints this way. I ordered the classic Pollo Asado. It's simple, greasy, flavorful, and filling. No complaints there, it's just the way it's supposed to be. They provided plenty of glazed plantains. The potato ball is big and tasty. Not as good as those ones from Porto's here but I still devoured it. Everything here is affordable and good bang for your buck.
Back home in Pittsburgh, I heard from a previous Miami resident that this was the "last authentic Cuban restaurant" in Miami. Not being experienced with Cuban food, I cannot judge its authenticity, but I can say that it was delicious. We tried the oxtail stew, the beef stew, the shredded beef, and got an order of the black beans. I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong no matter what you order, but my favorite was the shredded beef - I liked the flavors better. Each also comes with a generous side of rice. We had planned to save room for dessert but we all gave in to the tastiness of the food and were stuffed before we could even think about dessert. I also highly recommend the red sangria - it is one of the best I've had!
I was in Miami Beach and I began browsing on Yelp looking for a place with good Cuban food. I eventually found Puerto Sagua and I'm very glad I did. The place wasn't fancy, and the prices certainly reflected this. I believe my dish came out to about $12, for a TON of food: lechon (pork), yuca, black beans and rice. The food was excellent, and this was one of the few places (actually the only place) in Miami that I visited that did not automatically charge the tip in the bill. My girlfriend got a Cuban sandwich, and she was a little dismayed at the fact that it didn't come with alot of pickles, but it too was tasty. Definitely recommended if you want quick and good food. And to the reviewer who mentioned the cristal hot sauce - YES! thank you for that tip. It was very flavorful.
i had such high hopes for Puerto Sagua. I mean, 200 miles from Cuba, this place better have some delish Cuban food. But what the heck!!! So disappointing!! The Cuban sandwiches were plain. No Cuban flair, instead all I got was some dull lump of bread. I'm not asking for much, really
I can eat here for breakfast, lunch AND dinner!  Ordered the usual beef empenada, cafe con leche, flan, and oxtail stew (can you tell I was a bit hungry)?  Everything was so delicious, decided to go back the next night.  This time I decided to try the fried pork chop.  It was alright, nothing compared to the yummy Taiwanese fried pork chop over rice, but Puerto Sagua still gets 4/5 stars!!
Gotta love this place.  If your going to eat in lunch or dinner be prepared to stand on line and wait a bit.  They do turn the tables over quickly and it,s always worth the wait.  For lunch I highly recommend the chicken sandwich.  Grab a couple of these sandwiches and take them down to the beach and feast.  For dinner the menu is extensive and the food is delicious and authentic.  You can spend tons of money on mediocre food  on lincoln road and on ocean drive.  Do yourself a favor and spend a nite at this place and get some real Cuban fare unparalleled in Miami beach.
Their oxtails is a must try! It is seasoned perfectly! I'm mad that I didn't get to make a 2nd trip back before we left but I most definitely will be visiting them again when I'm back on South Beach. The food came out fast and the service was great! We also had a pitcher of Sangria which was one of the best I had! No complaints here all compliments and the price is also refreshing!
Puerto Sagua is a staple on the Beach for yummy, reasonably priced Cuban food.  It's an institution among locals and tourists alike.  But the locals know that sometimes sitting at the counter (whether you're just grabbing a cafe con leche and a pastelito or a full meal) is the way to go. The roasted chicken is awesome.  The vaca frita is pretty damn good too. They also have daily specials every day, which offer some pretty great choices.  I can honestly say that I've never ordered anything here that I haven't been 100% satisfied with.   Puerto Sagua is definitely preferred by this Yelper over David's Cafe when it comes to Cuban food on South Beach, both on the service and price fronts.  Just know that if you show up for dinner during season, especially if it coincides with Spring Break, you'll more than likely have to wait for a table. It's South Beach, so parking is best found in the various garages littered throughout the beach, though there are a few metered spots on 7th St., just south of the restaurant.
We were on a hunt for authentic cuban food and that's what we got.  This is a small little joint, nothing fancy, quick and dirty if you will. But DELICIOUS!  We tried an empanada and croquette to start.  It was a good attempt at the empanada but the chicken inside was super dry.  The croquette was pretty standard but yummy. The following entrees I highly recommend: The Ropa Vieja - Shredded beef with rice and plantains on the side.  Beef was really tender and the juice/sauce it was swimming in was sooo flavorful.  I would have been happy with just rice and the juice alone. Pepper Steak - Beef slices with peppers in a more citrus-ey sauce. This came with rice and beans.  Another yummy treat in the mouth.   My friend had the Tamale - came with rice and beans.  He didn't look as pleased as the rest of us with our food, but he still completely cleaned his plate. We INHALED our food. If I'm ever back in Florida, i will definitely return.
Good food and reasonable prices.One of the only "safe haven " places to eat on  washington or collins blvd, which is always packed. They never include the 18% tip on the bill and the food is generally always excellent.
Great cuban diner in the heart of south beach.  Sit at the counter and take in the atmosphere. We had breakfast and Cuban pastries.  Wasn't the best food ever but was very good and much better alternative to all the trendy spots on ocean ave.
I've been here twice on two separate trips to Miami.  Both times were great!  Good prices, excellent food, reliable service.  Great ropa viejo, cuban sandwhich, roast chicken.
Tasty daily special - roast chicken (was marinated or stewed), rice, and beans. Added a Cuban espresso for a pick-me-up.  Served with bread. Authentic local feel.
Puerto Sagua offers delicious affordable Cuban food in the South Beach Area. Some friends and I decided to stop by while visiting Maimi a couple weeks ago. We were very happy with our experience. Service: The service was decent. Our party of 7 was quickly seated upon arrival on a Monday night. Orders were taken and food arrived in a timely manner. No complaints  about service. Food: The food was quite tasty. We ordered some potato balls as a appetizer. I also had the Cuban sandwich and the ropa vieja. The ropa vieja is served with some rice, beans and plantains. Delicious! I love sweet plantains. For what I can remember the food we delicious. However, at this point I had quite a bit to drink at our Hotel's free happy hour. Everything seems to taste better when you are buzzed. I wouldn't mind trying Puerto Sagua again if I'm ever in the area.
This place has an oldskool diner feel. The only difference was that it wasn't an American diner, it was Cuban. Wooden chairs and tables/counters. There were so many different dishes on the menu that we didn't know what to order. Two people in my party ordered item #1 under beef which was the "ropa vieja" which was tasty. I do recommend this dish, comes with rice and the plantains. I myself had the grouper fish. Why did I order this? Because someone told me to try this particular fish in Miami and so I did. It wasn't too shabby, toss that spicy sauce on the table on it and I enjoyed my food even more so (BTW, that hot sauce is not hot at all). My dish didn't look like much, but it was decent. The french fries that came with my fish was the bomb! Imagine Mc'Donald's skinny fries without all the salt. I have to say the price here is reasonable and the portions is plentiful. I'm not a regular Cuban food eater but the food here was good enough for me to come back on my next trip to SoBe. Some of the servers spoke minimal English but it was cool, they knew what we wanted.
late night swamped with all sorts of locals (and not) all in for cheap, filling, greasy Cuban dee-lights. waited 15 min for a table while planning out feast: lengua estofada, roast lemon chicken, ropa vieja, grilled grouper y leche flan. Brazilians at next table says to come back for oxtail stew. you betcha.
Burnt fries, not friendly, Cuban sandwich was not much to cheer about - bread was either over toasted or stale.  Typical tourist prices for what you get.  $16.00 for one sandwich, burned fries, tea and a coffee.  Oh did I mention a $3.95 charge if caught sharing?  Bottom of menu.  Europeans across Fm us were disgusted with their chicken parmesan and left most of their food behind after paying their high bill.
Great food. Really delicious. Even rice tastes different. Their salads are made of local, fresh vegetables. you can tell the difference even from the first bite. Great place for a casual lunch
Was very excited to come here for Cuban food but was disappointed. I think everyone hyped this place up to much. The food was ok, nothing special. I had a Cuban sandwich at a deli near my hotel that was better. We did order Paella (Spanish not Cuban) was good but took 45 to come out. It was best part of the meal.
I'm super disappointed! I had some family in from out of town who requested none other than Miami's "famous" Cuban food. I was torn between here and David's, I will be left wondering how choosing the latter would've turned out. I arrived before the rest of my party to an enormous line! This led me to believe that the reviews must be true and the food must be THAT good. After waiting about ten to fifteen minutes we were led to a table. Our waiter came by and brought water, but no bread. We ordered and no one was too thrilled about their food, least of all me. The Yuca fries were super soggy and the mojo way over powering. My Vaca Frita was cooked well but I ended up just eating that because the beans were beyond bland and watered down. We all pretty much left half our food on the plate. We decide maybe this was a good thing because we could order dessert. The only one that was edible was the arroz con leche. The flan was either burnt or curdled because it was not good, I sent it back it was so not good. Considering the place was jam packed the service is the only thing that has earned these stars, the food was easily forgettable.
I liked the idea of a cheap, bright, little authentic Cuban place stowed amidst the artifice of South Beach.  Alas, Puerto Sagua did not fulfill it.  The croquettes were fine, but left me wondering (I am still wondering), croquettes of WHAT?  The ropa vieja was adequate.  The plaintains were bland and too sweet.   Still, service was cheerful, and I'm awarding 3 stars rather than 2 because there's a real chance that the fault lies with me-- I wasn't in a mood to enjoy myself, and Puerto Sagua didn't change that.
Great tasting food. Great price. Prompt service. Delish
This is a great restaurant away from the bustle of Ocean Drive.  It has a very welcoming, family feel, which according to my foodie expertise, usually accompanies some good home cooking.  I had the ropa vieja (shredded beef in a rich, flavorful red sauce) and the cubano sandwich.  The ropa vieja is paired with delicious buttery rice.  The best part of the sandwich has to be the bread - crusty and light! The service, however, is less to be desired.  I swear, there was the most awkward bus boy that just seemed to avert eye contact with me and my friend.  I'm not a judge on authentic cuban food, but the lunch didn't break the wallet - which is a very rare thing in Miami...
This place was awesome. It is hands down the best Cuban food in Miami. We went to other places that were supposed to be "popular" and they were nasty. The waiter was not exactly what you would consider friendly, but I didn't care. This place is a hole in the wall and it was delicious. If I ever go back to Miami, I will go there!!!
Oxtail stew and cuatros leches cake. Nuff said. Small very casual little diner vibe place but food is yummers. Thanks Yelp for the suggestion.
Awesome find in the heart of southbeach without the pretentiousness. Loved the mom & pop feel of this place, and food was delicious. We were all super excited about eating authentic cuban food in miami, and this place exceeded expectations. Prices were reasonable and service was good. The cafe con leche was strong and soooo good! A must order here. Reminds of vietnamese coffee substituted with steamed milk. we shared the jumbo coconut shrimp for appetizers,  absolutely delish. Not only did it taste like it had been marinated in coconut over night, but it was breaded in shredded coconut too. YUM! we also shared the roasted chicken plate that included beans, plantains & rice. plantains were probably the best i've ever had. The chicken was good but nothing special, a little dry. The 2 other gals in our party tried the ropa vieja and loved it. We also shared the guava pound cake and coconut flan. both were bleh. Would definitely come back if I ever make it back to Miami. if anything, for the CAFE CON LECHE!!!
OKAY..i guess it was my fault but have you seen a californian drive in the city. I want to just take the windshield wiper and hit myself in the face so I got mad at the bf cause he's a total californian driver. so we didn't order the seafood paella! I did get the chicken, rice, beans and plantains. SO GOOD. The place reminded me of a VERY old "cuban" diner (i'm vietnamese..im only imagining old cuban diner). Very misplaced in s. beach. Look at Macc D's tab. Yup for only 2 people. Must: chicken, rice, beans (really good beans) and plantains w. a cheap bottle of wine. must try place..
the host was not toooo friendly but i got seated pronto during the lunch rush. bigger than a hole in the wall, the vibe is low key and casual. i came across this place as i was shopping in the area and a salesgirl from scoop recommended it as j-lo's fav cuban restaurant.  j-lo aside, i had a hankering for some good cuban food. i ordered the pollo asado. - roasted chicken (you get to choose white or dark) and it comes with rice, black beans, and plantains. the plantains were just perfect!  absolutely delicious.  the chicken was juicy and flavorful.  i would have eaten more but i was in danger of falling into the food coma mode. wash it down with some cuban soda and i was in heaven.
Heard about this place from the hotel concierge. Late at night there was still a brief wait and the place was packed. Tried the fried Jicama and thought it was good but not too different from the fried zucchini anywhere else. He got snapper, I got pollo and we both liked our meals. It was nice to have Cuban food at a real place, not a flashy tourist trap, for a decent price, but don't feel like you are missing out if you don't find your way here.
I had no idea what to expect from this place, and went on a whim and on a recommendation from a random person.  I had never tried Cuban food before, but I have one word: wow.  Although I'm usually health conscious, I couldn't resist the omelet with plantains or the friend plantains appetizer.  This place was an experience that you don't run into very often, and is a breath of fresh air from the tourist traps over on Ocean Ave.  Even if your stay is limited in Miami, this place is worth trying out.
Always a staple for EVERY trip to SoBe, at least 2-3 times.  Everything on the menu is excellent + affordable + they're open at all hours.  This spot IS MIAMI. Try eveything you possbly can - the pork and beef entrees are my main gotos of course.
Cuban food at its finest... This place is legit.  I recommend adding Puerto Sagua to your SoBe Foodie tour.  Service was good.  Prices are reasonable.  I expected the portions to be a tad bigger,  but that's just because I'm a piggie.  The three of us still managed to be full from the three dishes.   - Oxtail stew- this was sooo tasty.  If you love oxtail like me, you'll like this. - Camarones enchilada-   I'm obviously a Cali person bc when I ordered this I was picturing the Mexican enchilada and it looks nothing like it. haha  Sagua's version is the shrimp in this spicy sauce that comes with a side of tomatoes and lettuce.  Yummy. - Ropa Vieja- I've only had this at Porto's in LA and love it.  I can honestly say it's even better here!!!  The beef is so tender.  Awesome. - Side of plantains...deelish. P.s. Your complimentary bread is so boring and blah.  I know you can serve something better por favor :-)
Guava cake was delicious and very sweet.  But let's get to the seafood... I ordered the marescada (sp?) instead of the paella as my server suggested and it was worth the 45 minute wait. They cook it fresh when you order. I would suggest sharing it with a friend or two, the dish is huge! The paella is made with chicken and seafood while the marescada is made with only seafood. This was some amazing Cuban food!
Had the fried beef! One word - Amazing. This place is so low key but definitely a gem of a spot. You will not be disappointed.
Fantastic! Great valued deliciousness is made here. Probably the best Ropa vieja I've had! My boyfriend had the sirloin which found nice, a little over-cooked but tender and flavorful. Service was great too! Definitely will be back here
the best calamari i've ever had.  perfectly cooked! the oxtail stew was amazing!!  came with great fried yuca.   felt like a home cooked meal with family. the service was awesome.  she recommended chicken and pork dishes as well as the oxtail soup.
This place reminds me of a New Jersey diner in some ways. we ordered the rope vieja, fried pork chunks, and ox tail soup. all of the food was outstanding! Service was great to. We went on a Tuesday, so it wasn't that busy and the parking wasn't that bad, considering the area. The only way to improve this place would be to round out their beer selection with some microbrews!
After my unexpected hit by a huge margarita and a wet willy drink, we luckily stumbled upon Puerto Sagua without needing to look on the map!  The atmosphere was very laid back and felt almost like a local Cuban diner.  Service was quick and to the point.  One side of the restaurant was for sit down table style, while the other side was bar seating.  We opted for the bar seating to get our food quicker since there was a short line for the tables. What we ordered: 1. Ropa Viega- Shredded Beef Cuban Style.  I thought this was average to me.  flavorful but not as tender as it can be for shredded beef. 2. Camarones En Salsa De Ajo- Shrimp in Garlic Sauce.. The best dish I ordered. Definite recommendation!! It was so flavorful and for some reason, I was in LOVE with the garlic sauce.  in LOVE... Writing about it right now makes me want to go find somewhere that makes this in the bay area... which is unlikely :( This came with sides of rice and plaintains.  Personally, I have had better plaintains before but the rice was delicious, especially with the garlic sauce.. I don't know what was in it but I was absolutely smothering that sauce all over my rice, not caring what will happen to my stomach the next day! Definite stop in Miami for some Cuban comfort food at a very good price compared to everywhere else!
Went here twice... once later at night for a quick dinner and then the day after for lunch. Dinner: Roasted chicken daily special. 1/4 roasted chicken dark meat (thigh and drumstick), white rice, black beans, & fried plantains. The chicken was flavored very well.. tasted very 'authentic'. My server brought it out about 1 minute after I ordered so I guess these are pre-made throughout the day. It may have been sitting longer than I would have liked because the thigh was slightly dry in some parts. Other than that, the beans were very good and the platanos were awesome. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Lunch: Pernil asado (roasted pork) w/moro rice and fried platanos. This is basically Cuban pulled pork. It's served in a separate dish with sauteed onions that have a bit of white vinegar in them as well. The onions have a great contrast with the sweet and savory pork. Shoulder was cooked to perfection, I'm sure allt he way up to 190 degree internal temp (I'm a BBQer) so the collagen turned into soft gelatin and released even more flavor. The moro rice was average, a bit dry for me. Again the platanos were amazing! The best part about this place is the pricing! These staples of Cuban cuisine hover around $9.
Having tried to get in last night at 1030pm and waaay to hungry to wait for a table we tried again tonight but earlier. So pleased we tried again, after a 5 min wait we were seated and drinking sangria waiting for the black bean soup. The soup was lovely and earthy and new for us as first timers to Miami from northern Australia. However the star was the pulled pork sandwich. So good I'm going back for another for breakfast.
This place is a legend, but nothing fancy as far as interior goes - kind of looks like an old diner.  Solid good food though!
Heard a lot about this place on Yelp before I went to Miami, so I impressed my boyfriend when I knew what was up about this place.  We stumbled upon it as we were shopping through Collins near our hotel.  Didn't seem like a place that we needed to dress up for so we went in for lunch in our beach wear.  I knew what to order after viewing all the amazing pics of ropa vieja. The meat was delicious and tender as described.  As a Mexican, I wish Cubans used tortillas since this would have been perfect with the meat.  My boyfriend loved the plantains (I'm kinda picky), and said they were perfectly fried.  He ordered the grouper which he said was really good, but he finished off my ropa vieja (beef stew) like it was his last meal.  Great service, friendly and quick.
Love it! Cheap and cheerful :)
If I could give this place a 10/5 I would. It wasn't easy conversing with the servers, the many times I went but it's Miami. Aside from that EVERYTHING was GREAT. From when we discovered this place while walking, we've been there over 8 times and tried over 12 different meals. Cant recall everything we had but they were all AMAZING. One stood out to me above all others. The oxtail stew, try it.
Great location!  Can't beat that you don't have to leave the island for Cuban food like the other places.   I didn't think the food was great though.. I think it's catered more to an Americanized crowd.  They served a lot of breakfast items.. eggs and ham.. things like that.  The wait staff isn't too friendly here either... and we had a Spanish speaking individual at our table. We ordered a few things.. the chicken which was a tad too dry.  I got the chicken soup.. much better than another place I tried in Miami... that was downtown Miami though.. not as lemony.  I also tried the fish soup.. it was good. I didn't think that my beef stew was that good.  It wasn't really stew.. it was a bunch of beef piled next to some buttered rice.   But then again, I am not Cuban.. but generally speaking, the food didn't blow my mind.  But again, it was pretty affordable and close to the beach!
There are no better words to describe this place, but good and cheap. It does get VERY busy from time to time so if you can sit at the counter, I would do so. I ate here twice during my weekend stay and I sat there both times. the dining room was PACKED and there was lines to be seated, but it seemed to be moving quickly. The people are nice and friendly. I would certainly go back. I ate breakfast both times so I cannot comment beyond that, but the breakfast was phenomenal. I wouldn't be afraid to order the lunch or dinner options.
i've been here three times over the past 3 months. and okay, i can only eat so much Cuban food before i never want to look at a plate of rice and beans again for a long, long time. but let me just say, this place is tasty. the first time i came, i had the roast chicken, and it was very juicy, very moist. i was really impressed because roast chicken can be quite a dull dish if it's dry. of course, i also had the ropa vieja, which was flavorful and the meat was a little more tender than i've had elsewhere. on subsequent visits, i've tried the shredded pork shoulder (just about as good as the ropa vieja). i've also tried the chicken again, and although still quite tasty, not as moist and juicy as i remembered it the first time. i guess your first time isn't always bad. but the oxtail stew...yes, it's been mentioned here, but i will mention it again because i love meat so much. it is gooood. you can read other people's descriptions if you want more details because i am simply going to leave it at that. what else? i wouldn't stray from the entrees too much. i've tried the tres leches cake and the guava cake, neither of which i cared for. now i'm not a dessert person, but my friends who are dessert freaks didn't like them much either. so dessert is skip-able. i liked the papas rellenas, but i think they should make the balls a little smaller and add more meat. that might sound counter-intuitive but think about it. that's it. try this if you're in south beach! it's worth trying to find a damn parking spot on collins.
Such a great place to get a quick bite during the day!! Good service and great food for an amazing price!! Would definitely recommend this place!!
I came here for dinner with 2 other friends. The place was packed but luckily there was no wait. The menu has a large selection and the price is very reasonable. I ordered the oxtail stew and it is simply delicious. The portion is quite generous. I highly recommend it. The service is okay and they are quite fast. We also ordered flan for dessert and I thought it was just okay. Eat up and forget dessert!
MMM...FRIED PORK CHUNKS.... ***drool*** I really enjoyed my meal at Puerto Sagua.  The place is nothing fancy, but is very popular and seems to be a local institution.  Start with the aforementioned pork chunks which are moist, crispy, and bursting with flavor.  You also can't go wrong with the roasted chicken dinner for $7.95.  You get 1/2 a chicken, rice, black beans, and sweet plantains.  Nothing fancy, but very satisfying. The only misses were the shrimp with garlic and the sangria.  The shrimp was served in a gloppy cream sauce and the sangria...it makes me want to go to a rooftop with a megaphone and shout 'Sangria should not be made with canned fruit cocktail!" Overall, it's not the best Cuban food I've ever had, but I still enjoyed my meal.
Going back and writing a review from about 18 months ago, cuz I miss this place so much.  I can't find anything worth a darn in LA for Cuban as this place ruined me for authentic. GF and I were in there for dinner.  Yes it is an old school coffee shop vibe but such a welcome change from the rest of SoBe pretentious.  Don't get me wrong, I dig the place and go back every year, but this was a welcome change. We had the Chicken and Mojo Pork dish.... this Mojo Pork inspired me to figure out how to make my own Mojo sauce and has RUINED me in LA.  No one out here can even come close.  I keep hearing "authentic Cuban - Mojo" out here and I dunno, I'm just a Gringo, but no one's has been as tasty as Puerto Sangua....... Service was very helpful, might have helped that my gf is a latina and spoke to her in spanish, but this place is AWESOME.  Your in SoBe and you want some very tasty Cuban and a step down from all the neon, this is the PLACE....  I miss you so much, can't wait to get back in 6 months.....
Peasant food charged at a premium price. But damn, it is good. Authentic and good.
I went here based on a friend's raving Yelp review.  As usual, she was so right.  This place is the real deal.  They have amazing authentic Cuban food that is perfection.  This is the best meal in Miami Beach by far and it has everything - the people watching, the food, the location!  The menu is large so I will say I had a hard time narrowing down what I wanted to eat, but once I landed on the traditional chicken platter, I was set.  I love sweet plantains with rice and black beans so that's what I got.  Also, every table has a bottle of Crystal hot sauce.  If that's not a reason to go there, I don't know what is?
friendly staff, wide selection of food. the roasted chicken was pretty good,  and so were the yuca and croquetta's for appetizers.
I would rather have a bowl of that incredible Chicken Noodle Soup and a Cuban than any of the food I had in South Beach.  Excellent.
Experienced started with waiter spilling water all over one person at our table. He didn't even apologize. Ate the fried pork app and Cuban sandwich and the food was decent but not great like the reviews. Not sure why everyone else thought it was great.
Ropa Vieja and Oxtail soup= meh! The ropa vieja was seriously like  a rope. Very chewy. I guess my tastebuds just don't fit with cuban food, or maybe I have to be drunk to enjoy the food here. I'm guessing they keep everything in a slow cooker or something, because our food came out really fast. At least the plantains and service were good. Depending on the time you come here, it will either be super packed or super empty.
Awaking from a little nap after arriving in Miami from Vancouver, I was ready to find me some authentic Cuban food. A search on Yelp showed that Puerto Sagua was the place to go in South Beach. Compared to the restaurants in South Beach, Puerto Sagua is by no means fancy, but at 9pm the place was packed. The menu was quite daunting, but my partner and I decided to share a Cuban Sandwich and have the Ropa Vieja for our entrees. One bite of each and I was in love! The sandwich was soft, warm and delicious and the Ropa Vieja was moist and tasty served with Plantains, Black Beans, and Yellow Rice. There was a lot of food and we should have stopped there, but I wanted to try the Tres Leches Cake until I noticed there was a Cuatro Leches Cake, which has a caramel sauce on top. It was a great end to a great meal! I wish we had a restaurant like this back in Vancouver! I'd go there all the time!
Had the chix empanada, pepper steak w/rice salad and plantains...everything was amazing! I will be going here everyday!
Great "local" restaurant.  I had shrimp enchilado which had a great sauce with a little spice.  A little expensive at $18 for six shrimp but the flavor was great.  The wife got the ropa vieja...awesome.  Great flavor!  The waiter was ok but not great...overall very good.
I really want to give this place 5 stars, but service is so inconsistent so I just find it unethical to give the wrong impression that it's perfect. Now the food, everything and I mean EVERYTHING on the menu is excellent. My personal favorite are the oxtail and the lechon asado. If you're looking for a casual, seat yourself, authentic Cuban cuisine in SoBe, this is the place to go. People come here for the food so although the ambiance is not bad, it is pretty basic and casual. Havana 1957 on Espinola Way will be the fancy option if you're wearing heels. But Puerta Sagua never fails, as a matter of fact this is my first and last stop whenever I'm in Miami. So almost perfect - just don't expect a fancy schmancy accommodation here.
The Seafood Paella here was the ish!! Puerto Sagua was MUCH better than David's Cafe, and the paella was MUCH tastier than Versailles. It's an affordable, quick place that is good for groups, and service is quick and dirty. - Potato Balls were yummy and bigger than at Porto's in LA. So crispy and yummy! - Pulled Pork - very tasty, but slightly salty - Chicken w/ marinated onions - so tender and good - Rice, Beans & Plantains were all so well-seasoned. Plantains were the perfect amount of tangy - Seafood Paella - took 40 minutes to cook, but we finished it ALL even though we were full. It came with lobster, clams, calamari, chicken, and tons of spices. The rice was a little too much of a risotto-texture (paella is usually a bit more watery), but that's my only complaint. I'd highly recommend this place. But be careful when you order the cafe. It's a tiny, mini-me sized cup of espresso that's super-packed with sugar. It'll give you a caffeine + sugar high that'll actually last you through a night of clubbing + after-hour partying.
This place was a stones throw away from the pimp pad we had during our stay in Miami Beach. It came highly recommended and Cuban food was a must while we were here so we decided to stop on over on our way to the beach. I had the ropa vieja, which is shredded beef in juices and it was served with some white rice and plantains. Not as tender and flavorful as I had hoped, certainly not "to die for" as another Yelper exclaimed but it was decent. My buddy had the cuban sandwich which I thought was very tasty, especially with a dab of the poo-hole puckering habanero hot sauce. It was still good after we nuked it the next morning and had it for our hangover breakfast. Puerto Sagua has plenty of history in South Beach and you can tell this is a local treasure. I really wanted to try some arroz con pollo but it takes like 45 minutes to prepare so I opted to skip it and tan instead. You can tell there's a lot of regulars here though, certainly a fairly-good option for Cuban if you're in the area.
I had two dishes here. They were both fish dishes and were pretty good. I'm no expert on Cuban food so I can't validate authenticity, but it tasted good. My hubby had the t-bone and says it was the "bomb". I was happy that they opened at 7:30am.
Came here with a bunch of friends during spring break. As per the waiter's recommendations, I got the meatball catalan style and my friends got the rope vieja, the oxtail stew, and the fried tilapia. I had two HUGE meatballs that were well seasoned but so dense I could only finish one, along with the side order of rice and fried plantains. The rice was a little too oily, but that may be because I'm used to Asian-style rice. I could've done without the plantains, there were only 3 tiny pieces and they were over-fried. Not a fantastic meal, but cheap and filling.
Not sure why people like this place so much. Ambiance is run-down at best and the food was sub par. I had the roast chicken and my husband had the Cuban sandwich. Neither compared to the same plates we've had at other restaurants for the same prices with better ambiance and service. However, the black bean soup was good and it was less of a $$$ tourist trap as the restaurants a block away on Ocean drive. I guess that counts for something...
This place is the local go-to. Its packed! Anytime you walk by, its packed. Tourists, locals, and even homeless peeps outside trying to something to eat. Please make note, this place is extremely, extremely casual. We came here on a Saturday nigth in heels and dresses to realize how casual it was so we turned around. We did revisit on a Monday night in much more casual gear and somehow this place was still packed. They were out of a few items, like the churrasco steak and other steak items. We got the empanadas and they were okay... they actually tasted like they were refried, can you have stale fried dough? might be possible. The bistec empasado (breaded steak) was pretty good, no complaints. My friend for the tilipia and said it was really good. The rice was pretty undercooked, this caused so much confusion for me. I've never been to a spanish restuarant where rice was under cooked. Maybe my north Jersey spots spoil me a little but this is just not a great spot for spanish food, maybe it was the day, maybe it was my luck, but nothing to brag about, nothing to revisit.
Hands down the best and least expensive meal during our recent trip to Sobe. The ropa vieja is tender, juicy and delicious. Spoon it over the white rice and you are in heaven! The fried plantains were cooked to perfection, sweet and not soggy or greasy. The picadillo was really good too, but you can't beat the ropa vieja. Get's pretty busy on the weekends but its worth it. Old fashioned, hole in the wall/diner atmosphere with authentic food. Can't wait to eat here again the next time I visit Miami.
I landed in Miami for the first time and both the Valet guy and my Cabbie recommended this place for a late dinner around midnight. The waitress greeted me in Spanish (which was oh so comforting) and helped me figure out what I wanted. I ended up ordering the Skirt Steak with onions, Plantains, Rice and Beans. The beans were uh-mazingly good, the plantains were crunchy and sweet and just perfect. The steak was tough, but then again, most skirt steaks are. The food was great, the ambiance could be better but the prices were economical. The only downer and the only reason i'm giving it 4 instead of 5 is because the waitress gave me some grief for not finishing my food and not taking it with me. Great food!
Delicious food. Fast service.
Cuban Diner.  Need I say more?!?!
This place was one big disappointment! Although service was very good and friendly the food was less than fabulous. I had a cheese omelet that was equivalent to an over fried piece of rubber. My friend had the Cuban sandwich, which he said was not the best he has had. The highlight of our meal was a gob of black hair stuck in the bottle of hot sauce. Sooo gross!
I heard that Cuban food is the go to food in Miami so my boyfriend and I found the nearest Cuban restaurant with the highest yelp ratings to visit. As always, yelp reviews do not disappoint. The cafe had a very homely feel.. It was really packed at 12noon but there wasn't a line to get seated. The place is self-seating by the way. We ordered the roasted chicken special and shredded beef dishes as recommended. The beef was melt in your mouth tender and sauce very palatable. The roasted chicken was slightly above average, tender but not very tasty. Props to the plantains which had the right balance of sweetness and crispness. I was pleasantly surprised they sold soursob juice. One of the most refreshing juices that are hard to find around here.
Coming from a Cuban family and having real Cuban food I can tell you this place has been overrated. The food is meh at best. I have tried it twice to give it the benefit of the doubt. The Ropa Vieja was ok nothing special. The Palomilla a la Milanes was a little burnt and I have had a lot better. The batido de Mamey was alright but not as sugary as I'm used to. I like my shakes sweet... The rice and black beans were also alright but nothing special. Only thing that was good was tostones but not worth coming here for just tostones... The service is horrible. I had water and it never got refilled... After getting our meal we never saw the waitress till I flagged her for the check as I was fed up with the service and just wanted to go home and get a drink of water. The only time our waitress asked to refill it was after I paid the check and was getting up to go... After scrolling down and reading I realized this isn't the first time the waiters fail at refilling drinks and it's one of the simplest things they need to do. I will not repeat a third time.
We asked our super-friendly Barney's associate where was close by and good to eat for no-frills Cuban, and he suggested Puerto Sagua, a mere handful of blocks away. We strolled right over at about 12 or 1 pm on a Sunday afternoon and got seated right away. Someone brought us water and menus immediately, but our waitress took about 10 minutes to even come over. The menu is pretty extensive--but we opted for more standard fare as we were still at a weird hour for eating. I was sort of wanting brunch, he wanted to compare Cuban sandwiches from NY to here, so we ended up ordering a Cuban sandwich, a Spanish style Omelette, and a dish of yucca fries (which I was most looking forward to). The wait was looong for the food to come out, and the restaurant was probably only half full. A different waitress came back and put our food down - nice portion of Cuban sandwich, and a flat, cold Omelette. Looked like it had been left for more than a few minutes before it came out to our table. It was at this point, 15 minutes after we ordered, that the waitress said there were no more yucca fries. Darn it! I would have liked to know before we got our food, I might have opted for something else entirely. The Omelette wasn't good, but the Cuban sandwich was ok. Took forever to get our check. Slow and unsatisfying food. We were hoping for heaps of yummy, hot, delicious Cuban food, but everything was cold and just OK. We thought to ourselves, probably would have been better for a real lunch or for arroz con pollo or some good black beans. Oh well.
Great Cuban diner in South Beach. The food and drinks seem pretty authentic although I've never had the pleasure of experiencing Cuba. The fish dishes and the plantains were excelente. We had a big group, 12, and Robert gave us the lo mas mejor posible servicio. Great 3D artwork on the walls. Oh, and the men's restroom didn't have water so they would have the ladies escort us into the ladies restroom to wash up. Needless to say, we washed our hands a lot!
I wish I could start every morning with a Cafe con Leche and Guava and cheese pastry everyday.  SO amazing.  Before I left, I ordered 6 pastries and a cuban sandwich to take with me on the plane.  I wanted to order the whole menu and put it in my suitcase.
Great stop to make. Oaxtails are very good!
Every time I come to Miami I make sure I come to puerto sagua. To me this is the best food in town at a very reasonable price! The oxtails are to die for
Awesome casual Cuban restaurant. Definitely recommend Fried Pork Chunks and Oxtail Stew. They were delicious! Beef pies were good. Chicken pie was okay. Wasn't big in the croquette.
Recommended here by a co-worker who use to work in the area, and brought a group of 9 people for dinner while on vacation, the service was great because people ordered different drinks, foods and they kept it straight plus the food came out quickly.  Actually I ate here twice in one night, since we ate early as a group and we started going out I was hungry and walked 10 blocks to stuff my face again. I had the shrimp enclidas (sp) and boy was that sauce good, the second time they had deep fried pork ribs with rice and beans.  Nothing like fighting hunger and the booze with deep fried ribs with great seasoning with more Presidente beer.
My last meal in Miami, and it was a good one. Everyone seems to recommend the ropa vieja, so that's what I had; I haven't had extensive experience with Cuban, but I did thoroughly enjoy the dish. However, thought the croquettes we ordered seemed dry and bland. Sangria was good. Expect a casual setting, pretty broad menu (including some American classics to satisfy the unadventurous, stubborn tourists), and non-splittable checks.
Awesome and authentic, not something I would expect in the heart of south beach. Had the chicken steak (flattened grilled chicken with sauteed onions) with rice and beans. Moist and flavorful. The rice and beans were great, finished those as well. The cuban sandwich looked good and the paella smelled amazing but I didn't get a chance to try those. Next time.
I LOVE this restaurant and come here every time I go to Miami. The staff is great, the food arrives in less than 10 minutes, and everything tastes good. I've ordered the oxtails, arroz con pollo, roasted chicken, and shrimp creole and everything was delicious. Highly recommend! Also, the prices are great.
Authentic cubano food Roasted chicken, amazing. Ground beef, amazing. Plantains, beans and rice, perfect and exactly what I wanted. Service is friendly, fast, and yet not at all diner like.
A hole-in-the-wall cuban gem. We decided to go out for cuban on our last night together. The choice was down to Puerto Sagua or Larios on the Beach. We chose the former as it had more reviews on yelp. 10pm on a Sunday night and it was packed. We ordered the Shrimp In Garlic Sauce (Camarones En Salsa De Ajo), the Shredded Beef Cuban Style (Ropa Vieja) rice and plantains, and the Beef Stew (Carne Con Papa rice and plantains) The shrimp was really flavorful and tasty- the garlic sauce was really good. The beef stew was soft and tender and had chunks of veggies (carrots and potatoes). The ropa vieja was disappointingly tough. The rice was alright and the plantains were decent. I liked the plantains at Tropical Beach cafe better. The portions were good sized. We couldn't finish it between the 3 of us (2 guys + 1 girl) The ambiance is really relaxing. Everyone was just deep in their conversations, casual. The service was great and nice. We actually spent like 3 hrs here. The price is right too. I'd come back again. Its feels very down-to-earth and authentic. Definitely getting the beef stew and garlic shrimp again.
Really amazing place with amazing food! This was our second Cuban food experience in Miami after Gloria Estefan's restaurant (see my less favorable review for that), and boy were we happy! This place has so many options and such great prices - between us we had a yuca appetizer, a croquette appetizer, a Cuban sandwich (HEAVENLY), a fried fish entree, 2 sangrias, 2 bottled beers, a Cuban coffee with a coconut cookies, and barely paid over $40! You really can't beat those prices especially for that wonderful quality. And especially considering you're right in the heart of South Beach, where the other prices are all astronomical. The atmosphere was great, though it might not be for everyone.  It reminded me of a bustling diner, and the decor was similar in that way as well. Very unpretentious, which is what my boyfriend and I love, though again, some people might consider it too loud and chaotic.  Despite how busy they were we had great service, including a kind goodbye from the old Cuban owner. We only had to wait a few minutes for a table, though when we left the line was long enough to continue outside, which to me says how popular this place was. When we walked outside I told a couple the same thing I'll say here - it's worth it!
I can't see what all the fuss is about. Not only was the food just eh but both my boyfriend and I were extremely sick the next morning from what we ate. I have had FAR better food and I am not just saying that because it made me sick. The meat was stringy and the rice was bland. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I am sure there are far better places to eat Cuban food in South Beach. Besides this place was kinda touristy.
Great food .. come in shorts ... order the sangria.
Bomb food! Only good experience in Miami! Other than the Cuban styled chicken served here, Miami sucked a**! that's why I LOVE LA!!!
We ordered the ox tongue and ox tail. Both are highlights of the restaurant but the later one is better tasting.
This seemed to be the place to be on Collins Ave every night for dinner for lots of people. I heard everyone chatting about it and it came up in conversations about food nearby. It wasn't until my last day that I realized it was a block down the street from the hotel I was staying in. Me and my buddy walked by and the place was jammed packed. It looked like it was an hour wait to get inside...lol We decided to come back late, but wasnt too hungry so I went with a cuban sandwich, which was ok...not the best I have ever had, but good. I came back the next morning for breakfast before I headed to the airport and got the ham and eggs which were excellent. I now know the next time I am down here I will have to check this joint out and get a real dinner here as it seems to be pretty darn good
My friends and I check into our hotel and unanimously agree that Cuban food would be the first in our palette.  We hop in a cab and ask the taxi driver for the best Cuban food in the city.  The cab driver gets so excited saying he is the "King of Restaurants" and swears that Puerto Sagua will be the best we've ever had.  We felt lucky to get the premier cab driver that knows his stuff and rushed into the restaurant.  The service here is wonderful!  Our waiter was more than helpful.  The style of the restaurant is very casual and gives a local feel.  I ordered the Grilled Salmon with rice, salad, and fried yuca.  My friends ordered seafood dishes too along with the yuca that the waiter kept bragging about. The yuca...eh.  If I worked there, I wouldn't brag about it. The salmon.....sure, why not.  It works.  Ok, don't tell me that I should have ordered beef or pork here.  Unfortunately, I like to stick with the sea, especially since I would have to carry around a bikini the whole week.  In the end, nothing about this place thrilled me and one of my friends got sick off of her meal.  I want to give this place another try, so I am sure to go back and order something else on the menu since Puerto Sagua is supposed to be "so good".
I love this place!  The food is authentic, fresh and tastes amazing!  The only bad thing about coming here is that you can't decide what to order as everything on the menu sounds delicious.  My personal favorites are the roasted chicken with rice and black beans, oxtail stew and Cuban sandwich.  Highly recommended!
First stop in Miami - Puerto Sagua for some cubans! We knew that was a must so we decided to come here per all the reviews. There's the seated restaurant or you can just grab a seat at the counter, and the bf and I opted for the latter. Ordered cafe con leche which was divineeee and then ordered some cuban sandwiches. I started with the black bean soup and got the normal sized sandwich, whereas bf ordered the large. It was a pretty typical touristy move, but it had to be done and it was delicious. Probably not the best meal to eat before laying out on the beach in a bikini.. oh well! :)
Good food, generous portions and not overpriced. The menu is rich and the service efficient. A quick and easy way to get acquainted with Cuban specialties, safely!
Walked into this authentic and very busy Cuban restaurant after being rained out of South Beach, and joined the locals for some good eats. They seem to desire a quick turnover, as our server was very quick and to the point with our ordering. We started off with the stuffed yuca- awesome. My partner got the roasted chicken with black beans and plantains, and I the medium sized Cuban sandwich. His plantains and beans both had a nice flavor to them, the chicken was moist, but nothing really all too special outside of a roasted chicken. My cuban was typical but great, tender pork loin  and ham, mustard and pickles and cheese as you'd expect from tradition. Served on good bread (perfectly crusty on the outside). We saw some other awesome looking dishes go out as well. My only qualm with the place was our servers lack of attention to us once we got our food. She never really came back to check on us, or offer refills. We had to ask for more water after about 20 minutes. Having a lack of beverage is a personal peeve of mine, but they don't auto-grat here like many of the places on ocean drive do, so that was a permissible mishap. Will return when in the area.
1st off, sit on a diner stool if possible. While my girl and I were on a 1 night layover coming back from Belize, we had some friends take us to the Miami Beach area. The restaurant was my choosing, because it's evident to my friends how obsessed with travel and food I am. Saaaadly knew I was eating here before ever even going to Belize... So the 4 of us got lucky when we walked in and there were 4 other people getting up from the dining stools. We quickly snatched the available seats. I loved watching the the staff work, checking out the odds and end that were kept behind the bar, and I especially loved watching the middle age man operate his business like a stud. This place feels like its from 40-50 years ago, and I love it for it.   The menus huge, its cool that you could come back time after time and try something different. White or Black Rice, Beans, Plantains, Crystal Hot Sauce, Coffee/Cafe Con Leche, Ropa Vieja, Oxtail Stew, its awwwwwwwl guhhhhhhhd!!! This place is NOT to be missed if your gonna be in South Beach, EVEN if it's for only a day!
You can't do Miami without Cuban food, and Puerto Sagua is the way to go! Yum! I think it might even be my favorite meal from my Miami trip! (or tied with la sandwicherie :P) This place is a must try in Miami. Although it gets packed, we came on a thurs night and the wait was about 20 mins. Between the 4 of us, we shared the croquettes appetizers  (comes with 6), the shredded beef (ropa vieja), the 1/2 roasted chicken and cubano. We were stuffed! Don't even bother with the cubano. I really don't understand what's so special about it. My fav is the chicken, so soft, juicy and flavorful. I recommend getting the yellow rice instead of white rice. it is soooo good with the beef and chicken and not as dry as the white rice. I really wanted to try the paella but we were on a schedule. It takes 45 mins to prepare the paella, fyi. Oh well, the ropa vieja and chicken definitely satisfied me.   Seriously, good food & good prices. The customer service could use some work but hey, you can't have it all.
This is a regular stop.  Bottom line, if you are in South Beach, and you like Cuban food, you must come here.  That's about it.  What the hell am I going to say that the 700 people before me didn't say?
crowded and packed! great vibe. great place for visitors trying cuban. ropa vieja and snapper were spot on. however, cuban sandwich and other staples like plantains and beans were a disappointment.
Some of the best coffee (cafe con leche) I've ever had.
Strolled into this unpretentious low key place with no expectations only to be socked in the best of ways by the mouth watering cuban cuisine. Highly recommend the Ox tail and beef stews with rice and sweet plantain. Prices are very reasonable and service is very prompt. Don't miss out of this stop when you find yourself in south beach.
Some of the best Cuban food I've had, in a totally family style, pretension free atmosphere. What a welcome site this was after sucking down a $17 mojito at the Delano. The service is extremely efficient, very friendly, and the food comes out lightning quick. We tried beef empanadas, fried pork chunks, deep fried beef, ropa vieja, porto sagua red snapper, and grilled grouped, and everything was outstanding. The snapped was probably the most memorbale - it came in a very subtle tomato sauce that managed to be both mild and flavorful, and its savoriness perfectly complimented the buttery smooth fish. The ropa vieja was similar flavored - very subtle, with no overwhelming spices, but a homestyle yumminess that rocked the casa. Washed it all down with a few Presidentes and smiled all the while. It was very cheap eats, too!
Came for dinner and a couple of days later for lunch during our vacation in Miami. The highlights of the restaurants were the lechon asado, the tortilla, the roasted chicken and the maduros. I also liked the oxtail stew, the sandwiches and the fish, but was not impressed by the ropa vieja. Solid food, good prices, great service, would recommend to anyone in town.
Went back to Miami for Spring break last week and decided to go back to this restaurant to try their other dishes as I promised myself the last time I ate there. Brought my in laws with us and ordered their famous paella along with bistec de pollo, ropa vieja and macitas de puerco.  Paella was amazing and so were the rest of the dishes.  We also had their sangria to complete the awesome food experience.  Will definitely come back again, hopefully soon!
Location: Near South Beach on the shopping strip Parking: Street parking Food: Good cuban food Service: Good This place is one of those whole in the wall kind of restaurant.  The interior is not so great as to the location.  It is on the Collins Ave, where all the stores are at and one block away from the beach so whether you're hungry from shopping or from laying out in the sun, the location is great.  I ordered the fried fish, which was very delicious but wanted something more authentic so I would want to try something else next time.   Overall, the food and the location was great and would go back on our next visit to Miami!
I've eaten here years ago and had my mouth set to eat some good food, however, I was very disappointed with the Cod special (rice, plantains, strips of grilled cod with potatoes, peppers, and onions in a tomoto based sauce). The fish was not fresh & the entree didn't come with a salad or beans. Should have paid the extra $1 and ordered something that wasn't on the "Specials" menu or just stuck to the arroz con pollo. The Sangria was great--$14 for 1/2 a carafe.
With all of the fancy and expensive places to visit and eat on Miami Beach, I think this place is a great little escape from the glamour.  It's just good food...period...
There are certain times where just a simple cafecito and Cuban toast hit the spot. Sometime after one (or two) giant mojitos tend to define that time.... I most recently found myself here yesterday after one of those epic nights and appreciate the very sweet cafecito with four slices of crunchy cuban toast. I suppos they can be a little more generous with the butter  but appreciate the late night crowd, the chit chat and what seems to be the late-night, sobering up Cuban version of Cheers on South Beach.
Most memorable Cuban dishes I had on my last visit to South Beach: the fried chicken chunks and the stuffed yucca. It's right on the strip and a great go-to pre or post beach and/or shopping. I didn't care for the ropa vieja much there. Was a bit bland compared to others I've tried in my opinion. The fresh bread they served was nice and soft. The papaya shake was fresh and creamy and went really well with my meal! Overall, great Cuban spot - lively clientele, friendly service, and comforting food.
Puerto Sagua is the WORST Cuban restaurant in Miami. I think that everyone likes it because its in South Beach and tourists flock to it. I work next to it and avoid it all costs. The service is terrible, food is greasy, and the cuban coffee is terrible. Las Olas, which is located on 6th street between Washington & Euclid is cheaper, better and more consistent.
Im obsessed with Ropa Vieja... and this place made me happy! It's close to the hotel so had to make a stop before we left. It was  delicious! The wait wasnt as long as I expected it to be, which is good.
OMG...this place has some awesome food!!!  I got something like stewed chicken with rice and blackbeans...YUMMO!!!  I would totally recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal in Miami.  And the prices aren't bad either.  I am surely going to eat here again the next time I'm there.
Authentic cuban food. Paella was so delicious. This is near but outside the tourist spot at Ocean Drive. No gimmick here. Just amazing food.
Yum!  Best lunch place I ate at while in Miami.  Avoid all the tourist places on Ocean Dr and walk one street over to this place.  Authentic Cuban food at reasonable prices and the portions are hearty.  I had the oxtail stew for lunch and loved it.  It comes with 3 fall-off-the-bone portions of oxtail, rice, and fried plantains.  My friend had the ropa vieja and it looked excellent as well.  I saw two regulars order the same two dishes so you know they must be good. Recommendations: Oxtail stew! Ropa Vieja!
Our first night in Miami, we stumble upon this great restaurant and boy am I glad I found it. A lot of locals frequent here. A very crowded restaurant and busy all the time. However, service is fast. So even if you see a large crowd waiting, the actual wait isn't really that long. The food is very flavorful. I am not familiar with Cuban cuisine at all. We ordered the oxtail (because everyone on yelp said so). It was very good. It was cooked in a tomato based type sauce and serve with a side of fried plantains. (That was also my first time eating fried plantain). The meat was tender and juicy and falls off the bone. I really like the cartilage part of the oxtail; it adds texture to the meat. Very friendly service and a charming decor. It's so interesting how they have all the types of sauces and spices on the table ready for you to add. You will be sitting close to other tables so be warned; you don't want to divulge your issues here. Come and try this place!
Good spot...although roasted chicken was kinda dry. Plantains and rice and beans were on point.
The service is excellent and the owner was extremely sincere and inviting.  A must do if you never enjoyed cuban dining.
My mom, dad, boyfriend, cousin, her mom, and myself were down for the Miami Beach half marathon this weekend and we ate dinner here after the race (March 4, 2012) based on my friend's recommendation. If she hadn't told me about it I probably never would have gone here. It isn't much to look at from the outside. The food was reasonably priced and so good!!! Three of us got the Ropa Vieja, one got Arroz con Pollo, one got Oxtail Stew, and one got the Chicken with Black Beans and Yuca. All of the dishes were awesome and cooked to perfection. The rice was so fluffy and perfectly seasoned. The meats melted in your mouth. The fried plantains on the side of the Ropa Vieja were fantastic. If you like really good food that tastes homemade at a very reasonable price then do not miss this place!!!
Amazing, reasonably priced Cuban food in the middle of South Beach! the staff was very friendly and helpful and although the place is nothing special, the food was amazing. Will definitely come back here every time I'm in South Beach.
"Real deal" Cubano, unpretentious a real MIA experience.  We went for dinner on a Saturday and the place is filled with families and tourists.  They make their own salad dressings an Italian and Thousand Iland which are yum. I eat alot of fish when I am down in MIA and here I went with a whole fried snapper. I also went with Morros and Cristianos(black beans and white rice mixed0 just like history and a few sweet plaintains.  The fish was super fresh with a nice coating and a good time was had by all.
During my vacation in Miami, my boyfriend and I went to Puerto Sagua. We wanted authentic Cuban food. We're such food lovers, that we wanted to try anything. We ordered an appetizer (Croquette). The waiter suggested it to us. It has pork/beef inside. It was very cheap ($1.30). We ordered 2 Croquette and it was small. The taste was different and little bland. I wouldn't order it again. My boyfriend ordered the Oxtail Stew b/c that's what they were known for. I ordered the Shredded Beef Cuban Style. The presentation wasn't appealing, but the taste was very delicious! I loved the yellow rice and plantains. I would definitely go here again.
Everything I've had here has been great ..,. Service is slow but they're constantly busy, prices are reasonable... I always stop here when in Miami, reminds me of a Bergenline restaurant in Union City
Whenever I go to Miami the first thing I do is go get some Cuban food! This place did not disappoint.... I spent TWO DAYS in South Beach and ended up going here THREE TIMES. You can't beat the value for the amount of food you get. Service is fast and friendly. Highlights: Morning.. Cafe con Leche & a couple Alfajores .. oh man. I seriously contemplated buying a giant bag full of those and taking them home on the airplane. I serioulsy regret *not* doing this. Lunch time... Cuban sandwich. Great bread.   Dinner... Calamari.. pork chunks... vaca frita... ropa vieja... we shared :) The pork was my fave. In Miami Beach it's hard to find good food at a great price in a place that's unpretentious and welcoming.... Unless you find yourself at Puerto Sagua.
Aside from Havana 1957, I'd say this is probably my favorite Cuban Restaurant on South Beach. Super cheap, huge portions.. Service is shitty but once you enjoy the food none of that will matter. Do yourself a favor, order the vaca frita and a side of tostones. It will change your life.
Holy cow. This place was freaking AMAZING. When you first walk in, it looks like a dingy hole in the wall, but don't let the looks deceive you. We had to wait in line for about 20 minutes, but it was worth the wait. I got the oxtail stew and oh my god it was amazing. First off, they give you 3 HUGE pieces of oxtail. They ain't being shrewd and givin' you some tiny ass ox tail. Aw helll no. The oxtail meat was so tender and juicy it fell off the bone. It was almost as if the food couldn't wait to get eaten! And for the price? Cheaper than a whiskey coke on collins ave :)
Just got back to NYC from my vacay in Miami woo woo! More like booo because I'm back. I looked up this place before going and saw all the reviews which made me want to try it. We went, we ate, and it was....  okay. We had to ask for our cuban sandwich to be warmed more, the roast chicken and shredded beef were dry, and the plantains weren't cooked through. My favorites were my rice and black beans. The service is sooo slow and lacking. Our waiter (a very nice man bless his soul) wasn't listening. Had to ask for my coke 3 times, as well as napkins, straws, and the check multiple times. I was SO hoping this would be my life alterning Cuban dining experience ('When in Miami.. eat as the Miami-ans') but my dreams were crushed. I'm sure there are better joints in Miami aside from South Beach though.  BUT we saw and talked to Terrence from 106 & Park. Toootally interrupted his meal. Well my friend did, not me ha.
Came here at least 3 times during our 2.5 day visit to South Beach. I am a rice connoisseur and their rice is Chinita approved!  Bomb! Fried plantains are a must!  Coffee is super awesome!  Yum everything! The only time I went that I did not enjoy my food was after the first morning out...  but that was due to my hangover.  :'(
cuban hole in the wall type of place in sobe.  locals brings tourists here.  probably the best place to experience cuban on the beach.  (they could use some more competition -- also, if you're from out of town looking for the best cuban, you won't find it on the beach fyi) straight forward menu, nothing very adventurous excellent chicken chicharonnes (fried perfectly, nice seasoning, soft meat), cuban sandwich (medium is like a large), maduros excellent, batido de mamey (less sweet than others).  agreed bread wasn't that great. everything that says small on the menu is actually relatively large also the cuban sandwich bread could be a little more brown and more pressed. overall, a diner-like atmosphere, complete with a few winged bugs flying around
i love love love this place and come back every time we are in south beach. cuban shredded beef is my favorite. rice is flavorful and sweet plantains make for a filling meal. tostones, cuban sandwich are also delish. great service and rustic atmosphere.
The best meal I had while here. The roasted chicken was flavorful and super moist.
I almost don't need to write a review because it already has so many great ones! We had a party of 9 on a Saturday night. It was so packed but we were seated relatively quick! We were served nice warm Cuban bread and butter. Our orders came shortly afterward; service was very quick and prompt! I definitely recommend the pork shoulder with the yuca and rice. The portion size is just right. I actually had some left over! Love this place and would definitely come again when I'm back in town.
I used to live and work blocks from this place. Their Cafe con Leche, and Cortado's aren't as good as David's Cafe, but they make my favorite sopa de pollo (chicken soup). I love the added lime, and bits of chicken that taste like they've been soaking in the broth all week. I'm pretty picky with my Cuban food, seeing as I can have a home-cooked Cuban meal whenever I want to. Puerto Sagua is Cuban diner food, so I don't know what people expect. To me it's good enough to eat. I love their chicharonnes de pollo, and their pastelitos are amazing with your coffee (from Davids) in the morning. It is a bit overpriced for what it is, but then again you are on Collins Ave, so they feel they can hike up the price for the tourism.
Solid to above average Cuban food in an old school environment. When I went for lunch I would say the ratio was rougly 50/50 tourists to locals. Like everything else on Miami Beach, it is a little overpriced. Foodwise, got a croquette and a beef empanada for appetizers. Both were solid. Neither was spectacular. I had the beef pot roast entree. Well cooked and very tender. The beans and rice tasted as they should. I also had a few bites of the pork stew and it was well prepared as well. Generally a solid and enjoyable meal.
When in Miami, find a Cuban place! Thank Yelpers for an excellent recommendation. Loved the mom & pop feel of this place. Let me try to remember what we ordered...it was quite a bit of food...and the waitress was so funny when we kept ordering more and more. Her eyes opened so wide, you know...to the point where you could see the white part all the way around, haha. Anyway, I think this is what we ordered: - Sangria: Very good, great blend of fruit and wine. Very refreshing. - Avocado Salad: VERY Fresh! Avocado and onions? Can't go wrong there! - Empanadas: Tasty and a good size. Chicken, beef, spinach (but they were out of those) - Coconut Shrimp: Huge shrimp, but they were butterflied. Different than your chain restaurant coconut breading, crisp with a nice mango dipping sauce. - Pork Ribs: Probably the worst part of the meal. Looked like a couple of turds on a plate. Kinda dry too =( - Cuban Sandwich: LOVE! What I can only imagine is a true Cuban sandwhich - Tres Leches Cake: AAAAAA!!!! THIS WAS THE BEST PART!!!! I WANT MORE RIGHT NOW!!!! Overall, very satisfied with this place. I would definitely go back...for that damn Tres Leches Cake!
Great spot in South Beach for authentic Cuban food.  We had a late night dinner and had a great experience.  The chicken pie was an amazing appetizer and was more like a big empanada.  Would highly recommend.  My wife got the shrimp in garlic sauce that had an amazing creamy sauce.  I had the ropa vieja which was an amazing shredded beef.   We also had the house white wine and the Cuban beer (hateuy). Would recommend to anyone visiting South Beach!
My girl and I were craving good cuban food so we googled "Best Cuban Food in South Beach Miami" & the first name that came up was "Puerto Sagua".  We live for good food so we had to check it out.  When we arrived it was crowded but the line moved fast & we were quickly seated at a table in the back.  The Yucca appetizer was lightly fried & came with a phenomenal citrus dipping sauce that was very flavorful. I tried the fish soup which had nice chunks of fish and a nice broth but it wasn't a must. We also tried the pork & chicken croquet appetizer which are like deep fried hush puppies. They were decent but nothing special.  For the main courses we had the traditional roast chicken with yellow rice, black beans & plantains and shredded beef with white rice. The chicken was moist... not nearly as crispy as I expected it would be but good.  The yellow rice was a little undercooked but the white rice was spot on.  It was lightly buttered & tasty. The shredded beef was slightly bland but the onion, green & red pepper sauce that accompanied it gave it some flavor. Thankfully the meat & chicken dishes weren't too spicy so you could really taste the natural flavor of the meat. The plantains were soft, sweet & served as a nice side dish for the main courses. The black beans were a bit bland. The sangria was fine and what we expected.  If you are looking for some authentic Cuban at a casual restaurant for a good price, this is the place for you.
This was my introduction into the Cuban world and their delicious food And I must say I started on a great note. Although the location can be a little cramped they were able to seat myself and 11 of my friends comfortably. I love the Decour of this restaurant. It made me feel like I was in Cuba and enjoying authentic cuisines I ordered the sautéed roasted chicken meal and a traditional Cuban sandwich and both were delicious and better then I even expected. First off the chicken dish was served in huge portions. The chicken came moist and very flavorful with a side of rice and black beans with plantains. Next was the Cuban sandwich. It had nice crispy bread that was perfectly baked. My friends and I ordered sangria and seemingly half of the entire menu. We also like we had a great sample of what this restaurant had to order and believe me when I say this we were all pleasantly satisfied. I recommend the oxtail stew and the Ropa Vieja and even if you don't just come and try some the dishes here I'm sure you'll be happy with you're choice.
This place is an institution on South Beach.  Lots of tourists! The service is ok! My breakfast was good...I had a potoato, onion and cheese omelet.   My boyfriend had regular Eggs Sunny Side up and Ham.  Don't forget the Pan con Mantequilla (Cuban Toast with Butter) and Cafe con Leche (Cuban Coffee with Hot Milk) Some friends showed up and sat with us.  They ordered their Cafe con Leche but wanted it with Splenda.  The buser brought over a sugar caddy from his work station.  After a couple of minutes, a small roach came out from in between the sugar packets.  When we gave it back to him and told him about the roach, he took it from my hand with an attitude and put it back on the shelf.  A surprise from the next guest on a diet!! Overall it's ok!  I am Cuban and know Cuban Food...this place is good if you don't know better!
The  ropa vieja was really tasty. I really liked the sauce. The white rice was savory and comforting. The fried yucca was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The oxtail was good, but I preferred the ropa vieja. The paella was buttery and creamy, with large ringlets of calamari, mussels, chicken, and fish. The roasted chicken was juicy and flavored nicely. A tad salty. Then we had the quatro leche. Very sweet, but delicious! Worth trying.
Diner style cuban food without an edge, definitely more home style.  I don't understand how Puerto Sangua got so many five star reviews.  I thought it was okay, but nothing special nor anything close to amazing.
This place is quite good.  The portions are absolutely enormous, I suggest you share 2 dishes among 3 people.
if you're wondering why i give so many 5 stars, just look at the places im eating .this used to be a solid 5 .not now ,still awesome but higher prices should mean better ingredient and quality .not here . but if u stick to the specials all about 8 to 9 bucks its a great cheap eat and probably the best cuban lengua and rabo encendido  tongue ox tail for the gavachos in miami chix soup and avacado salad also great. i think the grouper i ate was a basa from the mekong delta good ,but it inst grouper.........
Came here for lunch on a recommendation from our hotel's front desk agent. We arrived just as they were stopping their breakfast service and the waitress was kind enough to let us put our orders in a few minutes early. This place is no bells and whistles just plain comfort food. We both ordered the Cuban espresso which was I perfect wake me up. For our food we ordered the Cuban sandwich and the shredded beef dish recommended by our waitress. The sandwich was slightly better than what I have had before but the beef dish was very good. The standout for me though were the fried plantains that you get as a side - super yummy! The prices here are very reasonable for how much food you get. I would recommend this place any friends of mine visiting the area.
OMYGOSH this place is soooo good and addictive.  Seriously, where were you all of my life anyway??  I'm lucky I don't live in Miami, or else I'd be eating here breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  We came here while on vacation, and the place was packed the times we went and the times we passed by too.  It's not too pricey either. Must get: Arroz con Pollo, Shredded Beef "Cuban Style," plantains, anything with yellow rice Beware: The Cuban coffee is so strong/bitter that you'll be awake for 1.5 days.  Lucky for me, I love that sh*t.
Crowded anytime of day = you know it's good! Got seated right away but had to wait awhile before someone took our order. The oxtail stew is to-die-for! Fried plantains are really delicious too. Best place I ate at in South Beach. Local, Cuban food.
Ropa Vieja was delicious, I ate the entire thing. The rice that is served with it was sooo good. But you MUST try the OXTAIL STEW. So mouth watering and to die for. I'm drooling thinking about how good it was.
After the restaurant I was recommended was found closed, I wandered around SoBe and found this little jewel.  I asked the waitress if she liked the roasted chicken or the chicken tamale with chicken broquettes and she steered me to the roasted chicken.  For about 9 bucks the give you a large pile of white rice, a cup of black beans (think what soup usually comes in), and a half roasted chicken (your choice white or dark meat.) The order came out in about 5 minutes since it was the special, but I found the chicken slightly dry for my taste.  The rice and very delicious beans were gone too fast.  The server checked in with me only at the beginning and end of the meal, but I was also very involved with my food.  I had just a little room to try the flan con leche, which did not disappoint.  Nice and cool with a heavy dose of sauce on top that was almost like brandy.  There was also 3 fried plantains, which added a nice touch of sweet to the meal.
awesome food. awesome price.
Great place for breakfast food and to avoid the over priced garbage hotel breakfast.  Nothing fancy, but if you don't care about some tacky tourist trap with go go dancers shaking their sequined asses in your face to EDM music- this is your kinda place. If you find yourself saying - "Why do I have to pay $50 for breakfast in South Beach!" then this is your kinda place. If you are hungover and don't want to listen to crack head music while you have a glass of fresh squeezed OJ that comes complimentary with your breakfast combo, then this is your kinda place. No frills, no fuss, just a great breakfast, whether you want a totally traditional American style breakfast or want to mix it up with some Cuban classics. The service is friendly and fast and the Café Con Leches are strong and sweet and just what you will need after stumbling out of Space long after dawn, back to the beach, with a hoodie and sun glasses.  Not that that's me, but back in my day...you know who you are.
This is my second time coming here - or third? Yet I'm surprised I haven't written a review on it. I found the food to be decent for Cuban food on the Beach. I still think Tropical Beach Cafe just north of South Beach is better, for quick Cuban fare on the Beach. The vaca frita here was decent, not the best. The tortilla de platano (plantain frittata for you gringos out there) is a good choice for breakfast (especially with the complimentary bread and an order of coffee). Okay, the breakdown of PROS & CONS: + decent food + quick service + affordable price + quintessential Cuban diner look + great people watching spot - inside the restaurant + fresh squeezed orange juice - coffee without sugar being automatically added - so un-Cuban, if you asked me. coffee was okay though (and cheap). - Cuban bread is toasted - but not sliced and without butter?!?! Again... so un-Cuban! Just can't toast bread without butter. That's just wrong, in any Cuban dictionary you pick up. Overall it's just okay. If I'm wanting Cuban food on the beach, I probably would come here since there's not really a better option -- at least not until Miami's famous chef, Doug Rodriguez, opens up a new Cuban restaurant (to be called D. Rodriguez Cuba)! And that's a-coming!
You can't go to Miami and not eat at Puerto Sagua! I love the homey, down-to-earth feel of the restaurant and seeing all the locals that dine there. But the food is what comes highly recommended. I had the beef stew, rice and beans, sweet plantains... ohh my heart craves for Miami. The most memorable would be their cuban coffee - strong, creamy and comforting.
I'm in Miami for a month and have been trying to find a Cuban sandwich worth writing home about.  Sadly, the Cuban here is not it-- it fell kind of flat on flavor.  Prices are reasonable, location is convenient/close to the beach.
The best food in Miami!  I wanted to eat here morning, noon and night, but my companions wanted to try other places.  Can't wait to come back.  Highly recommend it!
This is by far the favorite restaurant of the group when we came here for my bachelorette party. My friend from NYC remembered this place when she came to Miami on an earlier visit so we were all anxious to try it out. Puerto Sagua did not disappoint. Despite us having a large group (8 girls), we were seated fairly quickly. I ordered the cuban chicken which was served with rice and beans. It was one of the best cuban dishes I had ever had. I ordered dark meat and the chicken was tender and moist. The rice and black beans were so delicious-most tasty black beans I had had. Most of the other girls had ordered this and really liked it too. Some of the other girls tried other dishes there such as the pork and really liked it as well. Overall, everyone loved their dishes which were good portions. The desserts were amazing too-we had all the desserts there. Any leftovers we took home tasted just as good the following day. Some of the girls even went multiple times during our trip. Our last day in Miami, we went back and ordered cuban sandwiches. It was too early for lunch but the bartender was kind enough to convince the kitchen to prepare them for us anyway. I can't say enough good things about this place!
This was my introduction to Cuban food and I'd say it was an excellent start. I ordered Bistec De Palomilla and thought it was quite yummy and came with a huge plate of fries (really, the fries get their own plate) so I didn't leave hungry. I also enjoyed a glass of sangria during my visit. This is an inexpensive no frills kind of place which is type of restaurant I tend to like. I look forward to further exploring Cuban food and would definitely consider returning.
The food was DELICIOUS!! Taste like homemade food. Love love love this place for Cuban food! Highly recommend
During a recent trip to Miami for the Eagles game I took a bunch of friends to Puerto Sagua.  I had read several reviews about it on Yelp so I figured it would be worth a shot. After we checked into the Clevelander we headed out to grab lunch.  We were seated  right away and they were not very crowded.  Our server was very nice and came over right away.   I had the pulled beef and rice.  The Cuban sandwiches were recommend by a few people on Yelp but they were average at best. The price point was very reasonable for Miami so its not a bad spot for a quick bite to eat.  If I head back to Miami I prob won't stop back though.
If your visiting Miami as a tourist you should definitely check this spot out. Puerto Sagua is inexpensive unlike most of the places in south beach, they give great portions also unlike most of the cheaper spots in south beach, the staff is really attentive, and their food is really good. I got the Seafood platter in Verde sauce, and had a lot left over. It was delicious. I also had the fried calamari as an appetizer...TWO thumbs up!
This restaurant has excellent Cuban food.  The atmosphere is very casual and the prices are very reasonable too.  I got the ropa vieja and it was very good.  And if you are tired for partying all night, make sure you get cafe con leche, it's steamed milk with coffee.
amazing ropa vieja tasty and tender... the cuban sandwich was alright and the fruit shake was pretty good. its a pretty interesting atmosphere but definitely must go
With about two months left until I'm back in Miami Beach, this is DEFINITELY a place I would revisit!! Such a cute, homey restaurant and the workers here are so nice! The stand out dish hands down: Ox tail. SO tasty and flavorful and TENDER... i dream about this dish. And of course I had to bring some home as a "souvenir." Nomnomz. Can't wait to come back here!!
I absolutely adore the older gentleman who was more or less the host.  While waiting in line, he entertained us by telling us very sweet stories about him and his wife (and previous wives).  He was so so sweet and made me wish he was my uncle or something =D On to the food, we ordered a bunch of things since there were 12 girls...but the ones I remembered: Chicken steak (simple, yet very tender) Cuban sandwich Roasted chicken Steak Pork empanadas All the girls loved the food, good primer for the night out (well, we did go back to the hotel to change to looser clothing =) Atmosphere is the ugly neon lights, so a bit dated....but who cares right? Price averaged $10-12 per plate so not bad at all.
On our visit to SoBe we decided to stop by Puerto Sagua for a quick bite.  I read the reviews for this place prior to my trip, and apparently the heavy hitters are the Oxtail Stew, Ropa Vieja, and perhaps the Cuban sandwich. We split a large Cuban Sandwich. It was blah compared to others in the area. Yes, it was crispy and buttery, but lacked flavor. I wasn't impressed. I also ordered a cortadito. It kept me charged up for the rest of the day! The service was good, but slow. Overall, this place was just okay.  I may come back to try the Oxtail Stew or Ropa Vieja.
Amazing. Classic Cuban comfort food at its best. Great prices great service cook time is ridiculous! Finish with a Cafe con leche...
Terrific service, great food and reasonable price. We alway recommend Puerto Sagua to friends visiting Miami Beach. I wonder if they FedEx ;)
best value on the beach!! great food, good service. i eat here 3 nights a week. great meal for $9. go one block over and a dinner will cost you $80 and not be as good. thumbs up puerto sagua!
One of my favorite places to visit in miami. Very authentic Cuban cuisine with great prices! Be sure to try the croquettes and empanadas along with your meal. They also have a tasty chocolate shake. The rice and plantains are delicious and you can't go wrong with just about any entree. I usually get the roasted chicken special which is a quarter or go with the half chicken meal. I knock off one star because the last couple times I've got the papa reinnos. Which is basically a mashed potato ball stuffed with beef. The beef to potato ratio has decreased over the years and the last few times the meat in the middle was still frozen which was gross. This has started to become a common occurrence so I ask for it well done and burnt
I'll put it this way, my west coast "family" comes over from San Diego every year and eats here at least twice a week when at their Miami Beach penthouse, so that's how I came to actually eat Cuban food on Miami Beach.   Being that both of my parents were born there I don't necessitate the need to drive to the beach in order to eat it, but if I did I would definitely recommend the place.  The true definition of a "legit" Cuban food establishment lies in two things that are simple but often overlooked.  Great black beans cooked with the right amount of olive oil and a proper toston (a once boiled, flattened and deep fried green plantain).  The place delivers without pretense or attitude and at a price that pleases any beach goer.
I had Puerto Sagua already bookmarked before my flight even landed in Miami because everyone kept raving about the quality - they definitely did not disappoint with their great taste!   The portions are medium-sized (we opted to share one entree and one appetizer per our concierge's comment that portions are large), but the quality of the food is why you should come here.   I was in the mood for maduros and we ordered a plate of that.  Really sad portions, covered less than half of the plate.  Didn't look appetizing, but tasted okay.  Not the best maduros I have ever had.  We ordered the shrimp with green sauce (camarones con salsa verde), the flavors worked SO well together! Do not come here if you are picky about appearance, this is authentic Cuban food served straight up like the natives would be eating it.  There is definitely a slight wait for everyone no matter what time of day you go, but they're quick and friendly about accommodating you.  Not sure if they take reservations though.
As everyone has already said--definitely one of the best authentic and reasonably-priced Cuban restaurants in South Beach. The place had a bit of a  family-owned diner atmosphere to it, and the crowd seems to be a mix of regulars and tourists. The servers were very helpful in terms of explaining the menu for those not familiar with Cuban food (like me). My friends and I ordered different dishes and every single one that I tried tasted so good! Would definitely be going back next time I'm in Miami.
The food here was really good, not to mention a pretty hefty serving.  It looks like a little divey restaurant but the prices and the food here is great especially considering where you're at.  Most restaurants around South Beach are pricey so this place was a steal...only one block up from Ocean
Ultimate authentic food spot and best Tres Leches. Great service and prices...but dont expect fancy decor.
This place is really funny to me. I remember passing by earlier in the day and thinking that this restaurant needed an update. Imagine my surprise when I'm Yelping Cuban food in South Beach and find Puerto Sagua. So before hitting up Mansion for a night of dancing, we ate some Cuban delights. Edgar was our trusty waiter for the evening. He helped me decide on the chicken special, dark meat. I have to say...if you find yourself here, trust in Edgar! The chicken was moist and flavorful, plantains of standard fare, and white rice that blew me away. I think they put butter flavored CRACK in it. I don't even eat rice and I couldn't control myself! The food and Edgar made me forget about the drab, old-fashioned decor. It was also one of the best deals we found in South Beach. THANKS EDGAR!!!
Came with a group of friends who raved about this place and realized that I had been there before! But only for a pastry. So....the food rocks. Anything pernil (pork) is fantastic. Pernil asado is super juicy. Don't be discouraged when ordering the masitas de puerco (fried pork chunks) - they only look like they are dry but when you bite into it - soooo good. Yuca frito is good but the plantains even better. Some of the best plantains I've had. This food is authentic and not expensive. Service - matches the location and on the slower side.  Portions are big - you will likely have leftovers (or just stuff yourself forgetting you need to be in a bikini during the trip). Definitely on my "must do" list for future Miami trips!
A diner with excellent, soulful Cuban food-love it here! Best Cuban food I've had in NYC and Miami combined.
I have come to South Beach to shop, bronze, and eat!!! In december I went to this "touristy" restaurant which I have walked by too many times to count... I decided to finally give it a try with a friend's little push... not the typical "touristy" cuban restaurant... Surprisingly, the cuban food was yum!! The roasted chicken and black beans and plantains were sooooo good!! It was homestyle cuban food at its best! Not to mention the cafe con leche was pretty fierce too!! Man, I wish I had space for tres leches dessert!?! Next time... The interior decor was old but it lent to the atmosphere-cafeteria style, cramped-- but had that cuban flair- a bar area to eat as well... Definitely recommended for next time! Inexpensive and Homestyle!! A great combination!!!
I really don't go to South Beach often because let's face it, who wants to deal with all that craziness and the expenses. At least when I do make that trip over the 195 or the 395 there is a place that serves good food at decent prices. Since I came here with a bunch of friends I was fortunate to try multiple dishes: potato balls, ropa vieja, and roasted pork shoulder to name a few. Like many others, I am not an expert on Cuban food but I can tell you that all were really good and tasty. They even poured out a decent pitcher of sangria. I had a few bites of their Cuban sandwich which was pretty good, the sandwich was nice and warm and had a crunchy bite to it. Although, I still don't understand why there was such an emphasis to eat a Cuban Sandwich when I moved out here. In general Cuban sandwiches are okay, still looking for that one, must get Cuban Sandwich. Of course I had to try their most popular dish, the Oxtail, that completely lived up to the hype. The meat was completely tender and melted in the mouth. Sauce complemented the meat well, but maybe I'm just a sucker for oxtail stew. I will confirm that this is a safe must get dish. Being one that is still not completely sold on Cuban food I can say that this location cooks up some great dishes. I've tried Versaille and La Caretta and can say that this location is better than the other two. Lastly, get the quattro leches for dessert you won't regret it...until you weigh yourself at home.
It was pouring rain, as it typically does at night in Miami, and my friends and I just wanted to find a place to eat close to our hotel.  We'd passed by Puerto Sagua earlier in the day and seen all the positive reviews posted in their window.  Plus, it was conveniently located just 2 blocks from our hotel.  So we stopped in.   Our waiter didn't speak much English (and none of us know Spanish), but we got enough across by pointing.  I got some kind of chorizo with black beans and rice.  It was soooo good.  I love chorizo, and this was good chorizo.  Definitely a good hearty meal, and I enjoyed it immensely.  We ate and studied the Cuban mural on the wall next to our table.   My stomach didn't enjoy the meal too much the next day (I ate a lot of beans...) but I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Miami.  Cheap, delicious, simple food.
YUMS. i love run-down places like this, they have a seal of authenticity to them (most places anyway). puerto sagua is a fairly large cuban place, but the restaurant was packed. we were seated pretty much right away, and ordered immediately. please see below for breakdown: -cuban espressos with milk ....aka three milks with a measly shot of coffee. there was SO MUCH milk in each of our drinks, we couldn't taste the coffee. fails -ropa vieja pretty g-darn good. a bit salty but give it a healthy dose of hot sawce and take a bite of the yellow rice with it -oxtail my favorite. holy moly it fell right off the bone, and a big part of me wanted to slap some of the sawce onto the yellow rice and NOM on it...but i stopped myself. -roasted chicken none of us paid attention to it, and it was just okay -tostones flat fried plantains. they give you a sour garlic sawce to dip, but i'd just eat it with hot sawce -some grilled pork tenderloin i wish it were more tender but it tasted very good *NOTES: you must specify yellow or white rice (this is what our waitress said after she brought out our plates with all white rice...wtheck). portions are very large, i definitely recommend sharing. finally, their black beans are delicious. i would go one part rice, one part beans, one part hot sawce and NOM away.
I am actually on vacation in Miami as I type this review . We were on a search for AUTHENTIC Cuban food and OMG we found it !!!!  Very old school mom & pop feel but the food is wonderful.
Great location for people who are in SoBe, it's right down the strip. Waiters are a little distracted, maybe because there were just two of them for the entire room. I ordered the soup with rice and it was pretty good, not the best cuban food I've ever had. I expected more spice or something, but then again...it was just a soup. I will have to try something else to say for sure. One great thing was, the portion was pretty large, I didn't and couldn't finish it.
Came here in a group of 4 and tried a variety of dishes. We ordered potato balls, calamari, oxtail stew, breaded steak, shrimp in Cuban sauce, and a Cuban sandwich. The best thing was the stuffed potato ball.. Overall the food was greasy and lacked flavor. The service wasn't very friendly. No smile, "thank you", or "you're welcome". I wouldn't mind much if they didn't include tip in the bill. I don't see how this establishment has gotten such high ratings. I would suggest eating at the ocean front restaurants instead.
Awesome food and good portions. Don't let this hole in the wall looking place turn you away. The place is actually pretty big and can accommodate big parties. Note: If you're vegetarian, this probably isn't the place for you. Our friend had a hard time finding stuff to eat here. We came in with a party of 6 and was seated right away. There are plenty of good eats so you can basically almost get anything on the menu. We started with the sangria for 6 of us which was really tasty but I think it was very watered down. After 2 glasses we weren't even buzzed at all (grape juice? lol derp). I got the 1/2 roasted chicken: The chicken was super tasty, very moist and the meat fell right off the bone. The dish is pretty big, so it's actually good enough for 2 people to share. It came with a black bean soup (meh), sweet plantains (really good) and white rice. I have NO idea what they put in their rice (crack maybe) but it was DELICIOUS. It was just plain rice but I'm assuming they cooked it in something. I also got 2 empanadas which were also good but would recommend the chicken over the beef. I also tried my friends pulled pork which was very moist and juicy (would also highly recommend) as well as my friend's shredded beef (also very good). In all, the dinner came out to be reasonable, great portions and really great food. I would highly recommend coming. Takes credit, good for groups
Pretty decent Cuban food.  We were able to circumvent the long line of people waiting for a table by eating at the bar.  It kind of had a diner vibe, which was nice. We started with a couple empanadas, chicken and beef.  The chicken was definitely better, so I'd pass on the beef.  I ordered the Ropa Vieja and my husband had the Palomilla steak.  My dish was good...super tender meat, decently flavorful and the veggies were good.  Only thing is it kind of bored me.  I think I needed a side dish, but alas it did not come with one.  The steak was pretty good and the onions on top provided a nice flavor. This might sound picky, but the service seemed very hurried and not too friendly.  I don't eat at restaurants to make friends, but practically throwing down a plate in front of me doesn't exactly make me feel welcome.  Overall, nothing really memorable or a place that I'd go out of my way to eat at if I was in Miami Beach again.
reat flavor! Croquettes are small, like a mozzarella stick but packed full of flavor, yumalish. Chicken and meat empanadas are also yumalish. Both came out super fast. The potato ball was just ok. Nothing compared to Portos in LA. White bean soup was crazy yummy, sausage, potatoes, beans, chicken. Passed on the Cuban bread, not warm, no butter and a little hard both inside and out. Oxtails sauce was typical Caribbean in a good way. Not a big fan of retail meat due to the fat. Next time I'd ask them to use fish or chicken. Seafood and Chicken Paella had mussels, clams, baby scallops, fish,calamari, shrimp and chicken breasts, rice, peas, onions, and red pepper in a saffron based creamy sticky rice sauce served in an old school pot that your grandma used to cook in to seal the flavor.  Really good but depends on your preference for the sauce, I'm more of a red garlic based sauce type, but I'd definitely get this again. Parking is tough, meters mostly. Open until 2am! Very casual. Good service.not too loud but packed!
Wow- best freakin' pork of all time. Glorious. The pieces fall apart with a fork, and are tender, juicy, and delicious. Seriously, wow. Black bean soup also excellent. This place isn't fancy, but you get a heaping load of ridiculously delicious food. I'm sold.
I ordered a Cuban sandwich, timidly, which was good but not mind-blowing... The two Cuban coffees I ordered really helped with the hangover I was nursing... Would definitely go back and be more adventurous, I love the host and the atmosphere, and the diner feeling...
I totally dig Cuban food! Came here for lunch on our visit to SoBe... Ordered (from what i can remember): -Fish soup - plantains to share - empanadas - beef and chicken - cubano sandwich - large to share - tamales - roasted chicken -fish sandwich OMG - all the food was delicious and the portions were plenty! I definately recommend sharing. My favorites were the cubano sandwich and the plantains. the plantains came with this garlic type vinegar sauce that was a big hit with our group. Also tried the shredded beef dish and that was YUM. Next time i'm in SoBe i will be back!
I did lunch here, walked from the hotel to it and it was worth the walk... This is a cuban restaurant with a small dining  area, the place was packed and service was great. We were seated quick, and served our food in record time. I ordered the ropa vieja.... It was so tender and good .... This little place was everythng we hoped it would be in a little cuban restaurant.
This place is a great find.  The pricing is reasonable and the food is Delicious.  We had a group of 6 and where seated right away.  The service was pleasant considering they where packed.  If you are looking for a Cuban spot this is it!
First time coming here and it was amazing. The Ropa Vieja was to die for. This is the place for Cuban in South Beach.
I remember great food.  Can't wait to go back.
So apparently this place is popular? I had no idea, as did neither of my dining partners during our brief conferencing intermission at the Fontainebleau Resort, so we splashed through one of Miami's excitingly random but brief downpours and found a taxi on Collins who DID know this place was popular, and not for the tourist at heart. And thank goodness he did! Puerto Sagua is a perfect picture of a Cuban diner. Vinyl chairs, bright fluorescent lights, smudged plastic tri-fold menus and a steady buzz of chatter from patrons. The place was packed on a Wednesday night and staff was right on point. Always mini clap for good service. The boys went right for the good stuff: fried chicken and plantains. And it was good. Fall-off-the-bone, melt-in-your-mouth trans fatty goodness. My king fish... eerrrrrk! Was this fish prepared in the same kitchen as that delectable poultry I can hear being slurped down across from me? The plantains and beans and rice were ridic, yeah yeah they better be, it's a Cuban eatery. But the fish was so DRY. Tough and rubbery, a giant bone down the middle (although the waiter did explain this, I was still shocked by it), and no flavoring. Me no likey. Fortunately the beer specials were a plenty and the complimentary bread was warm, fluffy on the inside and nice and crisp on the outside so my meal wasn't a total failure. But that fish... bleh!
We went on a January late night about 10 pm and it was jammed pack with locals and some tourists like us.  we were seated by whatblooked like an owner right away.  the service was quick and helpful.  they only had bottled domestic beers as a selection which was okay.  We had the tamal ( tasty), pork and chicken empanadas ( these tasted a little old) for appetizers.  For dinner we had ground beef ( Spanish style), black beans and plaintains and the pork and onion dish with rice and yuca.  I would recommend them both. Theses are basic traditional, home cooked tasting meals. Plenty of hot sauce selections which we really enjoyed.  It has a cafeteria style atmosphere.  I'd definitely go again. Our bill was $44 plus tip ($10.)
Can't remember what I rated this place the first time around, but the four stars remain.  The place is a bit dingy but so is Versaille.  You don't go for the cool decor or the ambiance, you go for the food.  The boy couldn't get enjoy of the ropa vieja.  I switched between that and the chicken fried steak.... although good, I think ropa vieja has been my favorite thing so far in my 3-4 visits.  The portion of meat that they give you here is pretty good (compared to Versailles).  Based on the number of reviews (or lack of Miami restaurant reviews) this place is getting even busier.. so try and go on "off" hours between meals.
This place is great! Food is authentic, staff is friendly, prices are just right! No frills or gimmicks very mom&pop storefront restaraunt!
WoW! There is NEVER a reason for an owner to raise his voice when there is a  misunderstanding. They will over charge you and yell @ you. Whaaaaaaat??? How can that be ? The owner says he was "giving me a mirror image of what I gave to him!"  I have been here 1/2 dozen times in the past. This time, everything is different! What happened? If you split rice & beans it becomes ANOTHER $4 side dish, they won't tell you this until the bill comes!!! The side of Maduros is 2-3 pieces!! Whaaaat??-All of a sudden, your dish is 40% higher!!! My dishes went from $10 to over $14! & the $13 dish was over $17! Ask B4, how much will this be, OTHERWISE, buyer beware!!!! My $25 meal became a $40 meal WATCH OUT MIAMI
Huge, delicious portions in a fun cafeteria atmosphere.  Prices are great and the service is quick and attentive.  Come with a big appetite.
We ordered the shrewdest beef #1 entree. Price is reasonable. The plantains were undercooked so it reflected on the overall rating.
after reading yelp reviews, boyf and i were excited to go, but was disappointed service was horrible (which is normal in miami since 18% gratuity is always included) had the ropa vieja which was bland and had no flavor.. had much better in new york boyf got the oxtail which he thought was OK our friends got a tilapia dish and the pepper beef(?) dish.. they both said their dishes were also bland would not go again
Out of all the places that we ate in while in Miami this was the best one. Went on a Sunday night and it was a packed house. You have to try the "Ropa Vieja" it's good and filling. I only wish they gave you more plantains.
Holy smokes! Out of the 3.5 years I've lived in Miami, why have I not come here for dinner?! Why was my first experience here for breakfast (which serves just typical breakfast food) which was just nothing memorable and blah. Glad I gave it another shot, and came for dinner with a friend. Have to agree with the rest of the folks here in that the Oxtail Stew is definitely a dish not to miss, and it is amazing. Each dish gets served with a bowl of rice and plaintains. We also got Ropa Vieja, which was also delicious. And had a glass of Sangria. Altogether it was about $35, which isn't bad. Also their service is pretty quick, and there's plenty of seating, even though the place looks crowded. Can't wait to come back  here again.
Out of the 14765232 times I've been to South Beach in the last 4 years, I never knew this place existed in SoBe as I've always paid pilgrimage to Versaille in Little Cuba. Pretty good for a place that is located in tourist central; obviously not as authentic as Versaille but it'll have to do if you don't want to cab it all the way out.   The decor is very homey and old school but the food was a little short; they didn't have plaintain chips! Oxtail stew was on point; I'm craving it right now. Nom nom nom.
I felt like that slinky on the escalator... "This is Awesome!" Loved my food, the rice was cooked perfect and the chicken was moist and juicy! My boyfriend had the grilled Tilapia he thought it was all right... There were so many things on the menu that I wanted to try, but so little time and so many other places to eat at.... I am just happy that I enjoyed the food, the staff was Amazingly nice and the service was fast!
Their service was pretty quick for a restaurant that's very busy with people constantly coming in and out. I ordered a pollo asado along with freshly squeezed juice. A good combination for me. Also loved the sweet platanos that was served with my dish.
My Girlfriend and I were in Miami for a few days and we decided to give Puerto Sagua a try considering the reviews. we started out with the shrimp cocktail for an appetizer and the shrimp were boiled to order and were still warm when they arrived at our table and they were pretty good. For our entrees she had the roasted pollo black beans and rice and plantains while my sides were exactly the same I opted for the Ropa Vieja which was seasoned well, plentiful, & delicious. Although the food was good I didn't think it really stood out but I'd definitely eat here again for the friendly & fast service alone.
Nasty food I got the tamal, fries and chicken croquett.  Croquett was spoiled, fries limp and tamal cold.  Service is horrible waiter forgot to bring me water two times after asking for water.  I won't b back.
Cheap, Delicious, Authentic Ropa Vieja=delicioso! I always stop here when I'm in South Beach and so do the locals. :) Don't be put off by the older decor and counter type seating, just go and try it.
Best Cuban food i've ever had. Period.
I've visited Florida many times with family and friends and I make sure to always make a stop here...inexpensive, fast service and great cuban food!
Great escape from the tourists.  The red snapper was amazing.  I can't get it off my mind, 24 hours later.   Sangria was great too.  This place isn't hip, it is real.
Fast friendly service. I had the lunch special cod. The sauce was so flavorful and the rice and potatoes were a perfect compliment! The fish was just a tad overlooked but still delicious! My husband had #1 on the menu, the shredded beef. He loved it. Overall, quick and delicious...a little pricey but still reasonable
I went to this place after reading reviews...and I must admit I have to agree it is pretty damn good...for the place and location! My friends were visiting from out of town and they were staying at Sobe...and they wanted Cuban! Puerto Sagua was the answer! Three of us had: Chicken soup - YUMMY FIsh soup - Too fishy for my liking, but not bad. Friend thought it was tuna fish. Cuban sandwich - Huge portion Pollo Asado (Roast Chicken) - YUMMY esp the plantains! Stew beef spanish style - YUMMY Bill was about $38 with tip...not bad. Service wasn't great, waitress was busy as the place was swamped. But she met my needs...:) There was a line when I came in..friends got a table first. Was a line even at 11pm on Thursday night, must mean something! Besides...there were old Cuban couples...so you know it's the real thing! Tip-bit: Be prepared to wait...line seems to move fast though! Order the plantains!! BEST ever! Street parking or garage parking right across the restaurant on 7th St!
So I had looked up various places in Miami before we headed down for our girls weekend and already knew I didn't want to go to Miami and not have a cuban meal. From the outside, the restaurants makes you feel a bit uneasy and questionable as to what the food will be like, but it's your typical mom and pop spot, and was definitely as authentic as it gets. Definitely nothing fancy about this restaurant, but it was consistently packed, the food was good, I got the quarter chicken meal with plantains, black beans, and rice....YUM! I have since recommended it to my friends who visit, and they all have thoroughly enjoyed it as well. Make this a stop next time you are cruzin' down S. Beach
Yum yum yum.  Those were the only words to be heard during my lunch with friends at Puerto Sagua the other day.  Perfect ropa viejo, the biggest green plantains I've ever seen, surprisingly good fish sandwich, fried yuca, papa rellena, and of course, a colada.  Cuban food at its best.
I was probably predisposed to rate this place high even before walking in the door because I love Cuban food but- YUM! This spot is like an old school diner and doesn't seem like it fits in among all the upscale South Beach eateries, which might be another reason I like it so. Everything I've tried ts great, but especially the patacones (the fried flat non-sweet plantains)! I could just go here and order nothing else but a giant plate of patacones and and be perfectly content....and maybe a pitcher of sangria...
In my opinion, Puerto Saga is one of the best restaurants in Miami Beach. I have been in Miami Beach three times, and in all of the times, I had to eat there. The food is just perfect. I would give more than five stars if I could. Food is delicious, waiting time was okay. Pretty fast on my opinion. Also friendly staff. Please try the croquettes. They are heavenly good. Highly recommended this place.
This place started out with 4 stars until we tried the dessert.   I had the shredded beef, which was one of the dishes the host recommended.  That was good.  It was flavorful and very tender.  It came with plantains and white rice.  I ordered a side of black beans since I don't eat white rice.  The plantains and beans were good.  On the other hand, my friend had the steak.  It was a very thin cut, way overcooked, and dry.  My other friend had the Cuban sandwich.  He liked it. For dessert, we ordered the guava pound cake, the diplomatic bread pudding, and the coconut flan.  I can't say I recommend any of the desserts.  They were all disappointing.  The guava pound cake tasted like a fig newton, dry with a fruit filling.  It wasn't what I expected.  On the menu, they had bread pudding and diplomatic bread pudding.  We asked the waitress what the difference between the two were .  She explained that the diplomatic bread pudding had fruit in it.  When it came to us, it definitely didn't have fruit in it.  I think they brought us the wrong one.  It tasted exactly like the caramel sauce from the flan.  The flan was the best one, but that's not saying much since the other two were pretty bad. Our waitress was super friendly.  She was happy and willing to take our picture... twice.   If you're in Miami, this is not a place where you must eat.  There are lots of restaurants in the area.
Disclaimer: I know little about Cuban food. After a stirring Pep Rally, we checked Yelp for a reasonably priced place that wasn't on Ocean Drive. We came up with this place. Apparently all of our friends did as well, because there was a mad rush a few minutes later. From what I remember, a lot of you suggested the roasted chicken. Our table ordered two, and the comments were that it was hit or miss. One had more dark meat, and the other had more white meat. For the latter, the complaint was that the chicken was fairly dry. If you order the avocado salad, just expect sliced avocado topped with onions. Our hero had the pepper steak and some black beans, both of which were delicious. I'd come back.
Absolute fave breakfast spot in sobe. Perrico, iced cafe con leche and Cuban toast.  Fresh squeezed OJ and lovely service.
Excellent Cuban food on a budget!
Do yourself a favor and order these: +masas de puerco frita (fried pork chunks) +Ropa Vieja con Arroz y platanos (shredded beef with rice and fried plantains) +oxtail stew
During my first visit to Miami, I was taken by a savvy local to Puerto Sagua to sample some authentic Cuban fare. Having lived without Cuban food my entire life, I wasn't sure what I was in for- but I was beyond pleasantly surprised. The ropa vieja was tender and delicious, as were the array of side dishes, including plantains and beans and rice. I eagerly chowed down, surrounded by nondescript furniture and decor, and a range of patrons- from super tourists to Spanish-speaking locals. For me, it was nice to be communicated with in English, but also a bit sad. I loved the Spanish-predominant atmosphere of Barceloneta, so I can only imagine what a truly local Cuban joint out of the touristy South Beach area is like. Judging by the quality of this food, Cuban has entered my favorite ethnic cuisines list and I can't wait to try more. Great meal, great price, decent sangria. I left full, satisfied, and a bit ready for a nap (food coma?)...
Not good at all, we went in at 1am so maybe during the regular hours the food is better (i doubt it). Everything lacked flavor and nothing was fresh. This was the worst cuban food I've ever had.
$5.00 for a delicious breakfast sandwich bigger than your head. Breakfast for 2 for $15.00. Awetastic.
BEST cuban sandwich I've had and very reasonable prices. I wouldn't recommend the palomilla steak, but everything else is great. Every time I visit my family in Miami I make sure to stop here at least once.
No Frills, near diner-esque. However, incredibly authentic and delicious Comida Cubano. It was our last day in SoBe and having spent way too much dinero in our four days there, we just wanted some really tasty, reasonably priced local stuff. Puerto Sagua on Collins made the day. Quick and attentive service. Started with two cortaditos and the Platanos Tostones; craving them just writing this. Followed up with the Chicken Steak, which arrived in all of its glory, Mucho Sabroso y grande plato-- for those non-Spanish speakers -- "Very Delicious and a large dish" as well. The entree came with a solid serving of rice and beans to be extra filling. For two large entrees, two Cuban coffees, and a plantains appetizer, I spent about the same as breakfast at the local diner back home in NY. In other words, about the cost of a salad anywhere else in SoBe. Perfect.
This very well could be the best Cuban restaurant in Miami (I heard some great reviews about it) but as a vegan, there were about two items I could order on the menu so I didn't really get an accurate impression. I had the yuca with fried onions and garlic, which came with a tasty vinegary sauce and also a side of mixed vegetables, which appeared to be microwaved frozen broccoli and carrots, but it mixed up the starch. The service was fine, but I'd like to see more non-meat items on the menu.
For the Cuban food of Miami, Puerto Sagua ranks as just a 3-star place. Although it is a Miami institution for MANY MANY MANY years (as well as Versailles), Puerto Sagua just doesn't live up to the Cuban-food standards of other Miami places. The service is the one thing that turns off many people.  The restaurant is usually busy and the servers simply have a hard time managing a large load. If you dropped a fork, be ready to wait until you can manage to grab the waiter's attention (which is VERY busy from running back and forth between the kitchen). It isn't the server's fault, just the nature of this restaurant and the lack of servers. The food is Alright... not outstanding....  The sandwiches are good, but way overpriced (about $7 for a Cuban sandwich, not including tax and tip). Also, the shakes are good, but once again, overpriced at $5 for a batido/shake (not including tax and tip). If you are craving good Cuban food in Miami, head down to Calle Ocho (SW 8th St) and go to "Versailles" for the most authentic and consistent food.  Also, "The Pub" Cuban restaurant along Calle Ocho is another Cuban favorite with the locals. Lastly, "El Rey de Las Fritas" is a classic!  Enjoy Miami!
The ropa vieja was ok, but I loved their cuban sandwich, bistec sandwich and their chicken noodle soup (must add hot sauce, it's like a spicier tapatio).  Lines can be loooong so don't go during prime time or if you're starving.
Love the food and the atmosphere at this place!  Paella which was a little too soggy but everything else was great.  Great price.
Great value for the price. The quality of the food and the taste was delicious. We tried the pork stew and the oxtail and the roasted chicken, all great choices! Would definitely recommend
I like this place. A little different from the Cuban cafe feel I am so fond of, but not far off. A full restaurant with all the traditional fare, delicious espresso, and dece service. I could tell the place gets busy, but there was a good amount of space at the bar, which is where I prefer to eat at Cuban places. You get a good view of the servers' hijinks with each other, not to mention the wide mix of tourists and locals walking in and by. I ordered the ropa vieja after being told they were out of my first choice (fricase de pollo). I thought it was good enough, my date said her beer was fresh, and the espresso was spot on. I went with the rice pudding for dessert, as it was one of the few made in-house/nearby, and it definitely brought me back. I can't say exactly what it was about the place (maybe the little abuelita-lady behind the counter), as I like to familiarize myself with Cuban places, but being here definitely got me a little wistful and nostalgic.
Exactly what I wanted to experience in Cuban food in the short time I was in Miami. Hole in the wall place with friendly service and awesome food!  Roasted Chicken and Rice with Plantains was simply juicy, flavorful and satisfying.  The Tamale's masa was nice, almost creamy - not gritty!  I wish I had enough room/time to try the GUAVA POUNDCAKE!  Oh, its not enough they had Tres Leches cake, but they also have a Quatro leches if you want to take it to the next level! The place fills up fast for lunch.  Will definitely go back again if I had the chance.
It was hard trying to pick out from the menu since we've never had Cuban food so we went with the specials- can't go wrong with that, right? While we were waiting for our food to arrive, we were already trying to think of Plan B in case the food wasn't that great. Our food finally arrived promptly, and we weren't disappointed at all! We were either really hungry or the food was really good.. or maybe both. We had fried pork, roasted chicken, fried fish, rice, beans, french fries (ha), and platanos. For the large portions you get, the price is a very good deal compared to the other Miami Beach restaurants... and a nice change from processed diner food. Food actually tastes close to a homecooked meal. I would definitely come back next time I'm in town.
I'm a huge fan of Latin food and I would be lying if I said Puerto Sagua  wasnt one of the main reasons I was looking forward to going to South Beach! It was absolutely phenomenal!!! The Ropa Vieja blew me away so tender, perfectly spiced served with white rice and plaintains for 4 adults our lunch bill may have been $70 but definately worth it for what was ordered! Walking in the place was absolutely packed yet they still managed to get us a table cleaned in less than 5 minutes which was impressive. Everything my table ordered was delicious The pork chops, ground beef stew, cuban sandwich even the fried plantain appetizer with garlic sauce! Everyone needs to give Puerto Sagua a try while in South Beach!!!
My family and I had very high expectations for this place as it was recommended to us by all the locals. We came in and found an exotic, cafe style Cuban restaurant which was probably the best feature of the whole establishment. Everyone agreed that the food was extremely bland, as if no spices were used in the cooking process. Very simple foods with no flavor. The prices do not reflect the food at all.
When we are on the beach and want a quick breakfast or lunch we stop here. The prices are reasonable for the beach and the food is good. Yesterday I tried the french toast and sausage. The french toast was cooked perfectly with a nice cinnamon taste without being over powering. The bread slices are thin, not thick so it was filling but not heavy. Sausage links were great. Orange juice is freshly squeezed and excellent. Any breakfast items come with American coffee, or cortadito, cafe con leche and OJ. Most breakfast items are less than $10. Service is average at best. Food comes out fast and hot. Lunch specials daily. Just a decent place to come for good food and average service.
My husband and I ate here for lunch and it was amazing!!!  We got the fried pork chunks as an appetizer, which were very tasty!  For our entree we got the grouper sandwich and chicken with rice, sweet plantains, and black beans!  Hands down the best Cuban food we have ever had!!!
Delicious. Draws in tourists and locals. Crowded, low-key, and loud. The food was delicious. We ordered a breaded chicken plate, oxtail stew, and of course the ropa vieja.  The rice, plantains, and beans were the perfect finishing touch.  The food was legit here. The service was great considering how busy they were. We ordered coffee , which was also delicious.  Although we did not order Sangria, I noticed that most of the patrons were ordering it and it looked so tasty. Try this place. You won't regret it. They deliver.
This place is great - but I can see why it gets some negative reviews.  All in all, this was my first experience to Cuban food - and it was all around delicious.  However, it didn't come with its complaints - the wait service wasn't that great - and the food could have been warmer.  However, the flavor of the food made up for all of that - and it still gets 4 stars in my book!!
Excelente!!!!! I felt like my grandma cooked for me! Awesome and delicious... The only thing I would add is MOJITOS please!!!! I felt like crying when they told me they don't have it...
Cuban food is something that needs to eaten while in miami. I have been here twice, the two times I visited Miami. It's a simple little restaurant, nothing fancy. But the food here is great. The first time, my friend had the chicken and I had the Ropa Vieja.. we shared. Very large portions. The chicken was very flavorful and moist. But my favorite was the Ropa Vieja. Shredded beef stew. It was really good. It came with a flavorful rice, not sure exactly what they put in it, but it was tasty mixed with the stew and plantains. I love cuban style beans, just like soup.. drank that up The second time I went I had the oxtail stew.. I have to say this is by far my favorite favorite. I even picked it up a ate all the bits off of the oxtail.   I need to go back, if I go back to miami.
5 stars because this is the best value in South Beach. 4 stars for the food. 4 stars for the service. 5 stars because I had to walk across the street from the hotel. Tip: When you order the grilled or roast chicken, specify which meat of the bird you would like (white or dark). Get the fish soup, but NOT with rice--it comes with too much.
tiny little place with damn fine food! very casual, they have tables or counter seating. there is usually a line but it goes by pretty quickly. we spent a few days in Miami and had plans to try several restaurants. we stopped in on the advise of our hotel for a quick bite and ended up eating every meal here. the ropa vieja was THAT good. breakfast sandwiches were pretty good too. they have a cuatro leches cake which was also worth mentioning.
Dirty. Dirty. Dirty. A few years ago, went there, and two of my friends got Hepatitis. Wouldn't step back in there for any reason.
Went here for lunch while in town based on the number of reviews... Food was disappointing, everything was just OK, soup was not hot, waitress forgot one of our orders and then told me I forgot to order it, which I didn't. Tried the Ox Tail Stew, polla la plancha, and grilled skirt steak. Generally, just an OK meal and expected much more.
I'm drooling right now.  Dribbling drool, salivating, oh just damn wishing and dreaming Puerto Sagua was in my neck of the woods... Instead of in gorgeous Miami. But alas, it's in Miami.  And every time I happen upon Miami, I will be running to this place. It's unpretentious. It's not fancy. It downright looks like a dump from outside. But once you walk in... It's still a dive . But it's dive heaven. It's old school. With damn good food.  We tried: 1. Cafe con leche 2. Cuban sandwich 3. Ropa viega 4. 4 milk cake Oh my good lord in the heaven's above, all of those items are spot on delicious.  I dare say it was some of the best cafe con leche I've ever had.  Ok, it was all wonderfully delicious. Seriously, make this a stop.  If you like Cuban food, you won't be disappointed.
Puerto Sagua was recommended by our hotel concierge. He claims Puerto Sagua is as authentic as it gets and its the oldest Cuban Restaurant in South Beach. We walked down Collins Rd and 17th St to its location on 7th St. It was quite a walk but we enjoyed the scenery and seeing all the hotels, boutiques, and tourist during WMC 2009. We ordered the Fried Plantains and Cuban Sandwich and shared it amongst the two of us.   For the most part, our experience was good; yeah, just good.  I've had more authentic cuban sandwiches in Atlanta, Georgia. Sorry, its just the truth.
Puerto Sagua.... Esta Rico!!! (Please excuse my Spanish, the only Spanish I know is what I learned in my son's Spanish class. I may not do well with foreign languages, but food - I know.) Seriously, Puerto Sagua - I'm in love Cuban-style!!! My first visit to Puerto Sagua was 5 years ago, while pregnant with my 2nd child. Food was on my mind, and don't waste my time with anything mediocre. My cousin who was living in South Beach highly recommended this place. I loved the food so much from that visit, that I ordered two servings of the same dish, then ordered one to go. My only disappointment was that I waited until my last day in South Beach to go there. As soon as I arrived home in California, I wrote the name and location of this Cuban-food-haven, vowing to return again...and soon. Well, 5 years later, better later than never-I returned. So, last Wednesday morning before tearing out of the house with my children to the airport, I wrote down the location- very simple 7th and Collins. It will forever be imprinted in my brain. Luckily, my apartment in South Beach was on 2nd and Collins!! Helloooo...boy, were the stars aligning for me!!! So , I ate at Puerto Sagua Thursday, Friday, and Saturday!!! My 7 year old son, my food connoisseur, is also hooked. Our favorites: the oxtail, the shredded beef, and the snapper. I'm a meat-eater, so it was by chance that I ordered the snapper (Friday during Lent, this is what to order). Holy guacamole....the sauce is like my lifeline, pour it over the rice and I'm in heaven!! Okay, I'm part Asian, so I'm all about good sauce over rice. The meats are cooked in a light sauce - peppers, olives, tender meat -mmmm, I'm drooling just thinking about it (just imagine a grand-mama in the kitchen with a wooden spoon over a big steamy pot). My younger son was a fan of their tamales. He devoured them. Personally, I'm more of a fan of traditional Mexican tamales, but, don't get me wrong, they were good - just a bit too moist for my taste. I'll gladly eat anything at this establishment. If you find yourself in South Beach, Puerto Sagua is a must! Oh, and BTW, if you have food allergy issues, like we do (allergies to nut and gluten)- we haven't seen any sign of bad reactions from the dishes we ate. We did pass on the plantains, I was told that they are fried with other items on the menu
Awesome location, awesome food! We flew down from NY for the day, and stopped here for lunch. I loved the ropa vieja and the seafood dish my wife had was also fabulous. Must try the fried yuca. Overall, a terrific lunch was had!!
You're not going to patronize Puerto Sagua for the atmosphere. You're there for the food - specifically the decadent, flavorful, melt-in-your-mouth meat dishes. On the prowl for a reasonably priced Cuban lunch, my husband and I landed at Puerto Sagua after a culturally edifying morning at the Wolfsonian Museum a few blocks up. Suffice it to say, our cultural education continued in the form of the fried pork chunks bedecked in grilled onions, luscious oxtail stew, and a simple, well-executed Cuban sandwich. Although each dish had plenty of flavor (and the velvety richness unique to slow-cooked fatty meats), a dash of one of the provided hot sauces ratcheted up the spiciness and added a nice vinegary balance. Lunch was rounded off with a silky, sweet Cafe Cubano - the perfect dessert to stave off the incipient food coma. Service was courteous and our dishes came out quickly. The prices, especially by Miami Beach standards, were extremely reasonable. As soon as my arteries recover, I'll be back for another visit.
I was actually disappointed with Puerto Sagua.  I wanted to be impressed with Cuban food since I grew up with Mexican and Tex-Mex food.  So, I thought I'd like Cuban food. We heard about PS through friends of ours.  So, we get there and were seated pretty much right away. The bread was something you could eat at any other regular restaurant.  The menu was interesting since it was both in English and Spanish.  Hey, great way to practice your Spanish! I ordered a chicken tamale and croquettes that came with fries.  I don't know if it's Cuban food in general or just this restaurant but my dish was BLAND!  I make tamales myself every year during the holidays.  I'm not bragging when I say mine tastes better than PS's.  The tamale had no flavor.  No cumin seeds or any spices.  Plus, there was hardly any meat in it and it was wet, like water seeped into it.  The croquettes were like a mini-version of a corndog but with no meat in it.  In a sense, they were like flavorless hushpuppies. I guess I should've ordered the sandwiches.  My partner and a friend both had ordered sandwiches.  They were way better than my dish.   I do have to say that service was good, hence the extra star.  In addtion, PS automatically adds tips to the bill.   So, if I ever come back again, I'll just stick with the sandwiches.
I lived in Florida for 15 years and love me some good, authentic Cuban food. Of course, in all my years in Florida, I never managed to visit South Beach until this past May when I happened to have a business trip there. I did some research online beforehand, ad even asked the concierge at the Lowes Hotel where I could find a great, authentic, but casual Cuban place in the area. I wasn't interested in the Americanized places like Bongos that claims to be Cuban but is far from it. The gal recommended Puerto Sagua, so off I went. A quick cab ride to get there faster, I found myself at a greasy little diner filled with locals and club kids satiating their appetites. I saddled up to the bar and ordered my favorite - Vaca Frita (fried beef) with yellow rice, black beans, a side of  plantanos maduros (fried, sweet plantains), and a cold glass of Sangria. Fattening for sure, but worth the calorie and carb overload! Even the old Cuban guy next to me, nursing his Cafe Cubano, whispered to me that their Vaca Frita is amazing. I couldn't have agreed with him more. Sure, I've been fortunate enough to have had even better Cuban food, but it still wouldn't make me dismiss Puerto Sagua. With all of the over-priced, fussy, yet mediocre cuisine down Collins, this friendly and casual little dive will not only save you money, but your taste buds will thank you!   My only regret is that I bothered to try the Loews sushi bar on my last night instead of coming back to Puerto Sagua one more time
Authentic Cuban food is difficult to find in NY, so the first food destination had to be a Latin cuisine. Friend recommended this local landmark and we definitely got what we were looking for. No frills, and hearty food consisting of pork chunks, garlic chicken, rice and beans and plantains... you can't beat that, especially when it's at a moderate price (and 2 blocks from our hotel). Didn't help being bloated at the beach the next day, but I don't mind the sacrifice... the sangria was also tasty.
This was exactly the meal we wanted. Craving Cuban, we yelped some spots and ended up here. The atmosphere is unassuming but that's a welcome break from the overdone vibe of south beach. The beer was cold and the food was great- and came very quickly. Me: pollo asado with plantains, rice and beans. He: oxtail stew. We: happy, happy!
This is one of the Cuban restaurants to MAKE SURE you visit while in Miami.  Black beans and rice with their oxtails!  Breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Old School diner style, always packed, always attentive and friendly.
Now for all you tourists who get harrassed by the overpriced and tasteless restaurants off Ocean drive you might wanna venture off a few blocks over to 7th and Collins. Now this place is a typical diner that is frequented by cab drivers and locals so if you are all about ambience and finding you a sugar daddy or eye candy then this place is not for your but if its your last day in town and you are broke from bottle service options and fake boobs and want to feel like you are in Havana or at least Lil Havana then this is the place to go. I have tried the Cuban Sandwiches b4 but nowadays i strictly go for the seafood. The Arroz con Pollo is delish but my fav is the whole deep fried Tilapia or snapper with rice and beans and sauce. The food is great , very well seasoned and cheap. Now if you are a service snob then please dont bring your butt in here cos thats not what its all about after all we all know Miami is a Third world City and is not really a part of the USA and we know outside the USA service is a privilege. The servers are as nice as they can be but if you wait on Cab drivers everyday trust me where is the inspiration. I also order the flan which is comparable to some of the best flan i have had in puerto rico (yeah i'm bragging) and they have ethnic sodas which are devoid of High fructose Corn syrup... YAYYYYY. Overall its a fun treat that most snobs will never recommend.
After walking almost 20 blocks to get here (mistake), my friends & I were dead tired, dehydrated, and feeling pretty miserable. We needed some good food...and water. Luckily, this place has great good! We ordered the fried plaintains and the paella - both were really good. Paella takes 45 minutes to prepare so don't order it if you're really hungry. Staff was friendly and quick and I liked the casual feel of the place - no frills, but good food. It almost made the 20 block, sweltering walk worth it...almost.
Great paella!!!
I just got back from a trip to Miami, and the food is AMAZINGGGGG!!! service though, not so great, but who cares, with good prices & really yummy food! Even the locals were raving about this. Here's what we had after checking other yelp reviews: Fried Pork Chunks with yuca (delicious!!) , Ox Tail Stew (very tender & juicy),  Grilled Fish (I forgot which one, I think it was Grouper, extremely tender), Roast Chicken (not bad, but Pio Pio peruvian chicken in NYC is much better), and of course sides such as sweet plantains, moro rice, yellow rice, black beans!!! We loved it so much we went there 2 times in our weekend stay :) 'nuff said!
Yassss yummy Cuban food in a no frills inexpensive cafe with plenty of seating.  We were visiting from New Jersey, and wanted to avoid the pricey tourist traps.  I had the sangria, and it had the perfect combination of sweetness and fruit that is common in Cuban sangria.  I also had the rope vieja and the croquetas...yum!! Fiancé loved his steak, and my teenage daughter even said the chicken fingers were awesome.  Great for families, and the cafe con leche is to die for.  Gets crowded around 8, so go a little early to beat the crowds. Apparently they are open for breakfast, so we might try it tomorrow.  Very reasonable prices in a very expensive area.
My friends and I ate here twice while in Miami.  We met some locals who told us how great this place was.   Very good food, service, and value.
So good!! Don't come here if you're looking for a cute or nice place. It's not pretty, but it's in a cool area and the food is great.
I was here recently with a friend of mine.  I ate here as it was highly recommended by a friend of mine.  While I was able to overlook the below average appearance of the location, I could not over look the fact that the food was very average.  I have no problem going to a dive of a place, but the food should be worth it.  It was not.  The staff was NOT friendly and made no suggestions after we asked for some recommendations.  Try another place.. its not worth it in any way, shape, or form.
After all the positive reviews, I was super excited to try some Cuban food here.  Empanada was dry and rubbery. Ropa vieja was decent but not very flavorful. Excellent carmelization on the plantains. Cubano was a wee bit cheezy and had no pickles.
Great Food! Tried chicken and pork dishes. Portions were good. If you are looking for a quiet, romantic place then look elsewhere. But if you want good Cuban food in Miami then this is the place. Of note, service is sporadic and not friendly. However, table turnover is good so the wait is not long. Recommend.
I'm just wondering if anyone who is complementing this restaurant has ever entered their bathroom... Me No Eat There Anymore.
Ohmigosh, probably the best Cuban food I've ever had! I went in with a party of 7 after laying out on the beach (so we were probably sandy, shiny, and a little damp from ocean water/sweat) and most of us ordered the roasted chicken for about $8. Chicken was so tender, rice was super flavorful and delicious, plantains were yummy. Did I mention the rice was the best rice ever? Better than yellow or spanish rice at other restaurants. Others at the table had shredded beef, a cuban sandwich, and a pork dish; all were delish. My friend ordered some kind of guava smoothie which was also pretty good. If you order a fruit juice, i.e. pear or mango (like I did), they just give you a can of Kern's so I would go with a smoothie instead. Oh, and the rice was good. Overall, portions were generous, service was fast and friendly, and the food was amazing. I wish I could go everyday!
Quick hit for Cuban food while in South Beach. Ask for a side of Mojo for anything you get.
This place is the BOMB!  I started with the Cuban Coffee which was prepared perfectly.  I then snacked on a few amazing croquettes.  The texture was smooth and creamy.  For the main course I had the deep fried pork with dirty rice, yucca, and a side of tostones!  The tostones were better than ones I have made by my cuban friends.
Definitely the best Cuban/Spanish food I've ever eaten! Every item was delicious & cheap! Fried pork chunks, plantains, rice, beans, and yuca were all amazing! Sangria was wonderful as well. Will definitely be returning here whenever I come back to Miami!
Really solid Cuban sandwich. We also had the fried Taro with a tasty dipping sauce. Cheap and awesome.
Excellent Cuban sandwich & my wife had a very good pernil dish.  The sangria was solid, but served with fruit cocktail in the glass, hadn't seen that one before, and I'm not sold that is a good thing to do. Very casual place, seat yourself, but the service was solid and the food good & reasonably priced.
It is what it is...a Cuban DINER. If you are looking for delicately grilled fish covered with expertly prepared sauces that bring out the best flavors, this isn't the place. If you want diner food with a Cuban flair, this is the place. I am not a Cuban food expert but the shredded beef "Cuban style" was tasty. The bread seemed stale and the calamar frito was way overcooked. The staff was friendly enough and encouraged our attempt at Spanish.
This is a 3.5 star place.  This place is overrated, people only come here because they can't walk to Versailles Restaurant instead.  I came here with high hopes after eating at Versailles Restaurant. We got the Ropa Vieja, Oxtail Stew, and the Fried Yuca.  The fried yuca wasn't too good, the oil must be hella old, as it came out with some black marks.  The ropa vieja and the oxtail stew were just ok, I was honestly disappointed at this place.
Landing in Miami on Christmas Eve.. my boyfriend and I promptly dropped our bags off at the hotel before quickly to make our way to Puerto Sagua for our first meal in South Beach (we were famished). We were only staying in South beach for 4 nights and I knew that cuban food was a must during our stay. Yelp led me to Puerto Sagua and I have to say, we were disappointed. My cuban sandwich was whatever. It almost lacked flavor and I've definitely had better. My boyfriend had the chicken wings (they came smothered in honey bbq sauce) which were actually good, but a strange choice for a cuban restaurant. That might just be our fault though. Tostones were good but a little greasy. I was definitely expecting something more. To me this place was overrated and I wouldn't recommend it.
We were going to go to Yuca or Larios on the beach, but this place had an awesome menu and it just looked more authentic.  If I was going to try Cuban food once, I did not want the American foo foo version. We got seated at a table by the window so we could people watch as we ate.  The menu here is huge!!!!! After 15 minutes of looking, we ordered the tapia with green sauce, ox tail, roast chicken and the breaded steak baked with ham and cheese. Most of the meals came with black beans, rice and fried plantains or fries. The ox tail came with a chili like sauce that was super tasty, the roast chicken and  tapia were good, but nothing fancy.  The steak was very rich in calories as it came deep fried and smothered with cheese and ham, but sooo good! This is a very casual place that appears to serve very authentic Cuban food......since I am not Cuban, I am not 100% certain. But......for good Cuban meal for only a few bucks, it was great!
I ate here on a 4-day trip to Miami.  A friend of mine found this place through another website.  Going to Miami, we knew we HAD TO eat Cuban food, and it had to be the reallllly good home made kind! And voila!  Puerto Sagua it is!  So good we had to go twice during our stay. Its a small, crowded restaurant.  We actually got seated right away both times so I can't complain about that.  Both times I ordered the Ropa Vieja. YUMMMMM!!!! Loved it so much, ordered it both times!  It comes with rice, black beans, and plantains. OMG, I want to go back to Miami just to eat here again!!!   FYI - the servings are good enough to share!  but why would you when you can just box it up and take it home for yourself!!! LOL! And the price is awesome, no more than $15 per person.
no frills cuban food. prices are reasonable and portions are big. the restaurant isnt anything fancy and is on par with the prices you are paying. we went during lunch and the lunch hour was very busy... all the tables were packed and there was a line of people waiting to sit and the bar seats were also full. luckily, we did get seated right away (we beat the line!) but we had to wait about 15 minutes to put in our order because of how busy it was. again, with prices so cheap, you shouldn't expect 5 star service. i had the cuban and the hubby had some type of fried fish (cant remember). both were very good. fish was fresh, good size. cuban was big portion and what you would expect from a cuban sandwich. we were both full and happy when we were done.
Loved it! Very authentic Cuban cuisine from the Cuban sandwich to the tostones, from the churrasco to the yuca encebollada, from the pastries to the cuatro leches and cafe Cubano, you can't miss here. Prices are great, too.
Can't say if it's authentic, but it's damn good and cheap as well! The restaurant looks like a diner, that puts out food really quickly, but food is definitely not diner food and the quality does not suffer from the fast turnaround. The service was great as well. To start, they give you some plain looking white bread, that is warm, moist and delicious with warm butter. For appetizers, the Fried Pork Chunks are a must. The Buffalo Wings were typical saucy wings and I would not recommend using your precious stomach space eating them. For the entree, I had the Oxtail Stew served with some really good white rice. The combination of the oxtail and the sauce poured over the rice was amazing. My friends got the Ropa Vieja, which they all really liked as well. For dessert, I tried the Caramel Flan, which was pretty typical. Also had a Macchiato, which was pretty heavily sweetened (kind of strange), and only okay but of the sweetness. The biggest surprise was how cheap everything was for the quality of the food. Definitely looking forward to coming back when I'm in Miami again.
If you're in SoBe and want some authentic Cuban cuisine (Mangos is NOT authentic), try Puerto Sagua! The place was packed when we entered, but we got a table right away. Prices were VERY reasonable, especially for SoBe. The ropa vieja was outstanding, and the pollo a la brasa huge and good. The beans and rice and fried plantains were classic, of course. The beer / alcohol selection could be better and the place was Super loud. But great food!
I've always thought that mom-and-pop restaurants have the best & most authentic food and Puerto Sagua definitely reaffirmed this belief! We did family style and ordered two entrees: beef stew and shredded beef. Both boasted a lot of flavor and kept us wanting more. The fried plantains served on the side were a great addition to the meal and also served as our dessert due to the bananas' natural sweetness. Warning: the dishes are larger than they seem.. we were full after only finishing half of each dish!
Authentically Cuban? More like authentically bland. Basic rice, beans, and meat plates. It's nothing special, and they don't even have a decent hot sauce. Go if you are starving and want to fill your stomach for $10. You get what you pay for.
Thanks previous yelpers! This restuarant didn't disappoint. Ended up going back two days in a row. The shredded beef is amazing and the sweet plantains delicious!!
I usually do not take the time to write reviews. However, this spot deserves it! This hidden jewel is a must if you find yourself in or around South Beach Miami. Food and service both are amazing. For breakfast we had egg,ham,cheese Cuban sandwhich with iced cafe con leche. We also tried a reccomeded shot of expresso or something (which was wind blowing) If your are visiting with your spouse or a friend seat at the bar. Hopefully you will get Victor. He was great
WAO so tonight i had family from out of town that wanted to eat cuban food and were staying at the beach. they told me they had made reservations for this place and i was a little disappointed when they told me cause i thought there would be better choices, specially outside the beach. we got there in time for our reservation and not only was our table not ready but there wasn't anywhere to seat. since we were a group of 18, we decided to wait it out. it took another 15 min for them to come up with the table we were supposed to get. the waitress was good, and pretty fast but no one was satisfied with their food. the highlights was the onion soup (yeah, i know at a cuban place?) and the desserts. in the disaster category were the croquets, that were burned; the congri that was dry and the shrimps that were few and small. my recommendation? walk a block and go to david's cafe. its better for sure and open till late.
I thought it was really great. We brought some friends from out of town here and they loved it. We've been to many a-cuban place (we've lived here for more than 10 years...) and this was one of the better ones. Although the best can usually be found on Calle 8 or in Hialeah, this place did not disappoint.. and we could walk there! We had croquetas as an appetizer and then vaca frita with moros and platano. All very good and there was plenty of food to keep us full hours afterwards. My friend got a cuban sandwich and also loved it. Overall, pretty great good and pretty average prices.
Walked in and asked if we could sit in the restaurant as the bar was crowded, the lady tried to convince us to sit at the bar but I wasnt interested. I then asked if I could see a menu before sitting down and the host just stared at me uninterested. I just wanted to see if we wanted to eat here for sure - I didnt think that was such a big deal? It was hot inside and the place looked really dingy - I didnt want to spend my time in South Beach in this joint, especially with the bad attitudes behind the counter. I walked out and will never go back.
Went here 3 years ago and loved it. I miss the cuban food in miami. Will definitely go here again when I visit miami again.
The Oxtail Stew brought me here twice on my vacation in Miami Beach. Served with white rice and fried bananas. Soaked in just right amount of beef broth. Bay leaf, ground allspice defined exotic flavor. There is also supposed to be red wine and tomato sauce in traditional Cuban Oxtail recipe, but it wasn't obvious in this dish. Oxtail was tender and flavorful. I'd recommend it. FYI Cafe au Lait, ("coffee with milk"), is simply to pour a shot of espresso into a cup of cold milk. Nothing spectacular, just overpriced. Everything else on menu, including shredded or ground beef, was unimpressive. Puerto Sagua ("Port Sagua") Restaurant is set up like a diner. Overstaffed, but hardly any service. Expect the staff to over calculate your bill, and when you catch them, they'd say "Oh yeah, our calculator has been making mistakes a lot." Buen intento.
Amazing Cuban Sandwiches and Media Noches. Probably the best bet for some really good authentic, low-key Cuban food on South Beach. Perfect for tourists visiting and staying on South Beach like me that want really good food but don't feel like venturing into Little Havana or the western parts of Miami. It's open really late too which is convenient.
The Background: Small restaurant conveniently located in South Beach.  This mom and pop shop has some amazing food.  With the good prices, local flair, and amazing food, there isn't much to dislike. The Positives: As everyone said, the ropa vieja and the oxtail are the things to get.  The oxtail practically falls off the bone and the ropa vieja is just plain delicious.    In addition, maybe I got lucky, but when we went on Saturday around noon, there was not a long line and it seemed that people were moving in and out quickly. The Negatives: There was a lot of grease and the food was saltier than I like.  However, all of it was tasty.
I went to South Beach for spring break a few years ago and this is the only restaurant I remember.  Nothing fancy but the food was excellent and the place didn't look like it was trying to be something it wasn't.  I'm pretty sure I had a beef dish and it was good.
Great food (ropa vieja and fricase de rabo), especially the ropa vieja. However, I hope our waitress just had a bad day as she sure didn't make us feel welcome at all and that makes a 5-star review turn into a 3-star one instead after she was totally rude when I asked about an item on the bill that she put down as "soup" and she three times repeated: "Don't you remember?!?" about a poor-tasting mamey drink we had ordered, but forgotten about.
The service was great, however the food lacked some seasoning. I ordered the breaded steak and half of the piece was thin and I was able to cut it but the other half was very thick and hard to cut and chew.
Well it's kaskade's fav, so you know I had to give it a try. It's pretty legit. Very low key with a pretty deep menu. Casual and quick, don't expect anything fancy. Started with the croquettes, I dig almost all croquettes because they include one of my favorite foods on earth, potatoes. The ones I had were with ham and they were very salty and I loved them! Only red sangria but it was pretty good, I would order it again, great thing to share with the entire table. I went with the pork shoulder and it was delicious. Cooked perfectly, almost melted in my mouth. Everyones dish really looked fabulous and the feedback from all was that they enjoyed everything. I was a little thrown off by our server who wasn't very attentive.They don't speak great English, maybe that was a barrier. Also, they don't split checks, it's posted around the place to let you know as well. Either way, we had a great time and a filling meal!
In LA, the only Cuban joints that I know of is Porto's (which is a bakery) and Versailles.  I knew that I needed to hit up at least one authentic Cuban joint when I was in Miami for WMC.  I knew Puerto Sagua was the place when three different people said that "I MUST GO!".   I went last Thursday night and it was packed w/ people.  Still, they were able to seat a party of 6 in 5 minutes.  I didn't know how they did it until I finally ordered.  Most of the popular dishes (roasted chix & stewed beef) are already premade.  Although it was premade, the quality was not sacrificed...except for the tres leche cake.  I enjoyed the food and I also enjoyed how we were able to leave the joint within an hour.   This is a place you must visit while you're in Miami.
Um, yum.  No frills, cold beer, good food.  The tostones were amazing, sadly they were my first.  Now I apparently have to learn how to make them post haste.  The fish I had was very good.  I was in and out quickly, and the portions were good and parking was strangely easy nearby.   Yummy.  Seriously.  Tostones.  Katie wanty.  Somehow I think I'm going to do some serious searching for those in New England.
Ropa veija was very good but the ox tail stew was better.  Seems like this is a tourist place and some locals come here also.  It got very busy during dinner.
Excellent service with food to match! I've been coming to Miami for 15 years and this place never fails. I appreciate the honesty of the staff; when I asked for aroz con pollo I was told that it would be fresh tomorrow. I came back the next day and it was fresh as promised. IMO David's Cafe was my top pick for South Beach but now that they're gone for good Puerto Sagua is now my number one spot.
After our hotel concierge incorrectly recommended we go to Nemo for Cuban food, the server at Nemo whispered Puerto Sagua to us on our way out. Puerto Sagua is a far cry from Nemo in terms of class and pomp, but we had an excellent meal.  I was particularly enamored with my pork dish.  I don't remember what it was called, but it was stewed rather than fried.  Prices are very affordable, and portions are HUGE.  Two appetizers and four entrees was far too much for us...  I felt terrible wasting so much food.  All our entrees came with mounds of rice, plantains, and black beans. There was a bit of a wait, there's no liquor (beer and wine only), and the restaurant is definitely a little shoddy.  My friend was very frightened by the bathroom.  But it's a great place to have authentic Cuban food without breaking the bank.
It was full of folks in the know!  This is the place for great, affordable food on sobe.  Fresh from Tues night yoga on the beach (5th and Ocean - and free BTW) I stopped in with some friends.  I had Pollo Asado (Baked Chicken).  Fall off the bone goodness. I've also had breakfast here recently.  Hits the spot.
came here for breakfast.  had the perico and steak & eggs.  certainly nothing to write home about.  don't get me wrong, the service was fine, it was just the food was ehhh at best.  i'd almost venture to say i could get better food at denny's or your choice of greasy spoon. though it wasn't bad, i probably won't be coming here again on my short vacation here.
Stopped here after reading the reviews on Yelp.  A friend recommended we go to Larios but I'm so happy we came here.  This place was nearly packed but we were able to be seated right away.  This is not a place that you come for good service or ambiance.  Our waitress was seemingly overwhelmed as we never got waters, nor did she check to see how everything was.  Lucky for her, everything was delicious.  We ordered the croquettes.  Perfectly crispy on the outside and great flavor and soft on the inside.  We ordered and shared a cuban sandwich and braised beef.  Sandwich was a classic cuban, done right and very tasty.  The beef was juicy and delicious paired with fantastic rice.  My only regret is that I didn't get the tres leches cake.  I would have had our server been more attentive and made more rounds to the table.
Super delicious, most reasonably priced meal we've had since getting to Miami. I had the masitas de puerco, which were perfectly cooked and tasty. Service was quick and super courteous. Ambiance is authentic Cuban - nothing fancy; all super functional. Would highly recommend.
This review is oh....... 3+ months overdue but whatevs. The food was so good I still remember everything I ate! This was our bachelorette party's absolute fav restaurant in Miami. Ropa vieja: Had to get this of course with all the Yelpers who were ravvvving about it. So flavorful and tender. Nice acidity from the tomatoes in the sauce and richness from the meat. WINNNNING. Ox tail: Might have been THE best ox tail I have ever had in my life and trust me, I'm Asian, I know a good ox tail when I taste one. This got me obsessed with making Cuban Rabo Encendido. Beef stew: Agree with my fellow Yelper and bachelorette of the trip, Courtney Y., that the ox tail was better. Don't ask me why. It just was ok?! Beef tongue: Super tender. Melt in your mouth. I love me some big fat tender tongue! Chicken & yellow rice: Forgot exactly what this was called but it was some moist ass, perfectly spiced chicken under a mound of yellow rice. Delish! Side note: Prepare to wait. And wait. And wait..... and wait. But it's totally worth it.
If your in the mood for some  authentic Cuban cuisine try this place! The service was kinda rocky but they were pretty busy for lunch. None the less our food was very tasty and flavorfull. I had the lunch of the day which was sherrded chicken with veggies (onions, green peppers, yellow peppers) the chicken was very tender and juicy. Also came with black beans and white rice which was very flavorfull for being white rice! My friend Kat had the fried halibut which was very juicy as well. She loved it saying it was very tender and flaky. Beans n rice for her as well. Oh and let me not forget the Yuca Frittas was awesome. So soft in the inside and crispy on the out with this yummy garlic dipping sauce! A little better customer service and I would have gave it a 5 star! Maybe our waitress was having a bad day!
I never had Cuban food before, so I thought my trip to Miami would be the perfect time to try some. The restuarant was close to South Beach, but very busy and full of people I wouldnt call tourists so I took that as a good sign. I decided to be adventurous and try the cuban sandwich even though I'm not a fan of pig products. This could have been a mistake because even though it was tasty it didn't agree with my stomach. Ow. I loved my guarabana fruit shake. Yum. Yum. Not sure how to describe... tasted kinda like a pina-colada with pear. Fried plantains were delicious. Service was a little slow, but the business of the place probably accounted for this.
Puerto Sagua is definitely an institution in SoBe. While eating and people watching, I noticed the tables were constantly filled with patrons, be it locals or tourists.   But don't be disuaded by the crowds of people waiting.  The staff here are on their toes, quick with the orders, the delivery and the bill.  The turn around time is fast and efficient. The food was good.  I ordered the baked ribs, with black bean soup and plantains on the side.  Ribs were baked to perfection, with no problems of the meat falling off.  And because I am Filipino, I had to dip the meat in vinegar.  Ahhhh... goodness. The iced cafe con leche - I ordered 3 glasses by the time we left.  And wanted to order more for our walk back.  It was that good.
Came here for lunch on a saturday afternoon in late May.  We got there around 12:00 and the place was already pretty packed however we were able to find a table (the tables are a little close together but it was OK).  When we first sat we were immediately brought ice water but it took a little bit to get a menu.  Once we got the menu everything was perfect.  We ordered a starter of fried Yuca (amazing) and we each got a cuban sandwich.  The medium is the perfect size, large is not too big but more than I wanted since I also got fries.  The sandwiches were so yummy.  I love a cuban sandwich and this place does it right!  The couple next to us had breakfast and I wanted to take a bite of everything they were eating, each item looked delicious. As we were getting ready to leave there was quite a crowd.  I can imagine this place can get pretty packed during a busier season.
I went here for breakfast. The first plate I got was the shrimp omelette; it was the toughest omelette I ever had. The shrimp seemed as if they were from a meal that was made yesterday,probably was. It was sooo over cooked and dried out that it was tough to chew and swallow. I sent that plate away and ordered again to attempt a better breakfast. This time I asked for an omelette with cheese onion and tomato; I got a cheesey lard egg platter which happens to be photo #459 under photos. There's a lot about food that makes you want to eat it, presentation/the way it looks is a big part, it did not look appetizing whatsoever so I declined on even taking one bite. The best part of my breakfast there was the freshly squeezed orange juice, but even that wasn't perfect because they served it to me warm. The service wasn't bad but based on the food I wouldn't want to come back here.
What a gem!  Almost everything was good, however, didn't order the paella due to the 45 min wait....SO SAD!!! List: Empanadas - good but a little cold Potato ball - good but once again a tad cold some fried meat and potato thing - tasty but cold Roasted Chicken - VERY GOOD Rice and beans - it's a side, but very pleasant Plantains - Cooked to perfection, great texture and taste Some fried pork dish - VERY GOOD Cuban ground beef dinner - very good flavor Two bottles of wine - Cherry on top of everything. I think we ordered more, however, the aforementioned bottles of wine kicked my brain around like a soccer ball in a poor 3rd world country.  At any rate this joint is a dive, but a necessary one for any traveler that wants no non-sence Cuban meal at rock bottom price.  And in regards to portions, well you'll have that face when you walk out the door that only says, "Bed!"
This place is here to only serve the die hard foodie in ya. Their focus is not about ambience or service. Just damn good food! I'm in love with the ropa vieja, picadillo with NO raisins (YES!), black beans, maduros, and even their bread! You guys can seriously become a nation wide chain. Come to Minnesota!
Great location, friendly staff, good food!  I grew up on Cuban food being from Tampa.  This place is fabuloso!  The chicken soup is the best I have ever had, made with giant chunks of chicken.  The arroz con pollo was on special (Wed.) which is my favorite Cuban dish.  It was delicious as well.  I left with an arroz con pollo induced coma.  I ate at the counter and couldn't get over the antique register that is still in use or the cute waiters.  Luuuvvv ittt.  If I could kidnap whoever made that soup and bring them home with me, I would. Lol.
If you are visiting Miami, specifically the South Beach area, you HAVE to try this place. Not maybe try it, but sit your booty down and try it. The paella is to die for! It's a 40 min wait for the paella and they are upfront about it and it is worth the wait. The food is moderately priced, portions nice and big, and just full of deliciousness.
Oh my effin gawd, this place is a dream.  I am not ashamed to say that I could eat my weight in ropa veija, moros and platanos maduros and then jump into a pool of the shrimp with green sauce.  That good, people. We came here as a recommendation of one of my sister's friends who used to eat here fortnightly when she was living in Miami.  The place is a straight up ghetto luncheonette, but don't let that deter you.  You'll be able to tell by the veritable swarms of people inside that this is the real deal. Waiters are prompt and working hard, and the food comes out with no fuss or fancification - just good old fashioned home cooking.  I love the masitas de puerco and the vaca frita with a solid side of black beans and white rice.  Yucca frita is killer and comes with a citrusy sauce that is to die for.  And the aforementioned Shrimp with Green Sauce is like a gift from the angels - I swear the sauce has crack in it or something, it's just so addictive. If the trendy-spendy side of Miami is getting you down, pop into Puerto Sagua for a feast so good, you'll wanna slap your mama.  Actually, don't slap your mama, she's a real sweetheart.
Great & cheap local spot to eat . get the shredded beef - not the cubed one. trust me on this
I like this place because it was open till 2am. It had your basic comfort food (ie: I ordered ground beef empanadas, potato ball, and the cafe de leche, as well as a chicken and rice plate). The food isn't super amazing but just as what I expected to taste...so that was pleasant for me. I like this place better than Versailles. Good place to stop by if you're in the area and just looking for comfort food...not something super amazing though.
Love this place. Authentic Cuban food and a very down home environment. This place is always busy. You absolutely must visit and try real Cuban food while you're on South Beach. There's usually a celebrity there too!
