Delicious!  Service was excellent.  The food phenomenal!  Bruschetta with prosciutto, best lasagna, parapadelle with filet, chocolate soufflé!  Excellent!  The reviews don't lie.  Will be back.
I absolutely love this place. It's small and low key, although usually pretty busy. The food is amazing, especially for the price. I would argue this is the best food in the heart of downtown. All homemade everything, including dessert. Only downside is they don't have a full bar, just wine and beer. Otherwise this place is highly recommended and one of my favorites.
In Miami for Flugtag, and my wife and I ate here on Sat night.  The food was excellent and the service was outstanding.
If I was rating only on the pasta, then I would give them 5 stars.  However, when you combine the poor service, bad salad, crowded dining room, and noisy atmosphere, then they just don't cut it. Won't be going back and can't recommend them.
Very bummed as wanted to try. Unfortunately, they do NOT delivery to the downtown area as indicated. I live @ 17th St & Biscayne. The guy who answered the phone was not familiar with the area and said "seems far away". Disappointing considering restaurants in Midtown delivery and are over 20 blocks away. I guess I will try in person eventually. They are missing out on a BIG amount of business as all the high rise residents in this area are eager for additional delivery options.
The last place I expected to find high quality Italian food was Downtown Miami. Being from NYC where Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen and we can afford to be picky with where we choose to eat said cuisine, standards are high. Fratelli Milano matched and then surpassed. On a fairly busy noon-time session, service was on point, friendly and attentive. Me and another friend had the lasagna which was done right, all around. Soft, baked perfectly, and just the right amount of sauce and cheese; nothing where you felt like they were compensating for taste of the actual product with sauce or grease. The homemade taste and feel was very much present. Another friend had the vodka sauce ravioli which I find to be a little too saucy for my tastes but it was delicious regardless to the point where I would have not minded to have that as an entree. Appetizers were bruschetta and calamari which, as simple as they are, were still impressive here.
I went to this place due to the Yelp reviews. Eek the food was horrible! we had the lasagna and it was the worst lasagna I ever had. The lasagna was dry and had about 1 pound of Parmesan cheese on top. Well, I know there are people out there that love Parmesan cheese on their pasta, I don't and Fratelli Milano does not give you the option to choose (at least on the lasagna). My boyfriend ended up returning his lasagna as his, was burnt. The waiter was no where to be found but another waiter came to our rescue!. The manager later came to check what had happened and we commented on the burnt lasagna; his response: "we make the lasagna in the morning and because it the evening already that may be the reason why is overcooked.".... really?!!!! when I also mentioned the cheese, he advised me that they put cheese on all the lasagnas Thar's no option to get it without 'cause again, they are made in the morning... Further, our waiter then came to the table to ask if everything was OK? really, we were done and were looking for him for a while- he kept saying THANK YOU, THANK YOU like if it was the only word he knew in English, very annoying. In conclusion, horrendous food, bad service, careless to guest feedback...what else is to say? oh yeah, I would not recommend.
Good food, good pasta.  I had tried their pasta, pizza and desserts.  I believe their pasta dishes are really quite good. Services and attitudes from the staffs are excellent. What more can you ask?
I have eaten all over Miami. Fratelli Milano is very comforting. The food is excellent, the decor is merely functional, and the service is friendly and knowledgeable. The day before I went to Fratelli Milano, we went to Lombardis, where my experience was blah, and I left with a stomach ache which lasted well into the following night. I just wanted to pop downstairs and have Caprese Salad at Fratelli Milano, as in the past it was always good. I was not dissapointed, and managed to have 3 courses. SERVER= The servers are always all over my table. They know the food and they are very proud of the food. They make you feel at home. THE WINE LIST= The wine list is small, with a mix of Italian regionals and domestics. The prices are very reasonable. THE FOOD= Here is where it is at here. Fratelli Milano makes its own pasta and desserts. FIRST COURSE= I always have a Caprese Salad in an Italian place. It is simple, and if they can't do it right, then I know what to expect. The Caprese Salad was awesome. The mozzarella is the best, a name I can't recall, big and rich. The tomatoes were ripe and simple, and the basil is fresh. The basalmic reduction they use on this is incredible. It is a simple dish, and they do a wonderful job on it. It was so good, my stomach ache vanished, and I needed more good food. ENTREE= I had the Pear and Tallegio Pasta with Sage Butter sauce. This was a little sweet, and very cheesey. The sauce was so good. The entire dish was balanced perfectly. I saved half for lunch, and ordered dessert. DESSERT= This was a hard decision: Either a Strawberry Tart, or a Pannacotta. My server recommended the Pannacotta. So I got it, and ordered the Tart to go. The Pannacotta was simple and sweet. It was very refreshing and I gobbled up the entire thing. I am always very happy at Fratelli Milano. If I did not work late, I would eat here more often. It is a nice place, with nice staff, great food, and real warmth.
Best place to go in Miami!!!!  Great service, quaint atmosphere, good selection... I had the steak with spinach and wow!!!!   Deserts were very fresh!!!    A must go!!!
Last Wednesday evening we had the pleasure of finding this little gem in downtown Miami.  We were in Miami to catch a cruise the next day.  I pulled out my iPad to start my search on Yelp for a nice place to eat on our first night of vacation, and boy am I happy I found this place. It's only about ten blocks from the Marriott Marquis where we were staying, and in a downtown commercial area that seemed very safe.  The decor looks recently updated and very modern chic, very inviting.  They have outdoor seating as well.  We were truly welcomed into their restaurant as if we were family (what a great start).  This is where things really started to shine.  After being seated, it was only a minute until our water glasses were full and the menus and wine menu were served.  My wife chose the Lasagna  and I chose the Pear Fiocchi.  All of their pasta is homemade in house and is some of the best I have ever had.  My wife's lasagna was the best she has ever had, and my pasta filled with pear and cheese was out of this world! Bottom line:  The service was top drawer.  The prices were unbelievable.  Most entrees range between 12-16 bucks!  I wish I could rate this place ten stars!  This is probably the best meal out we have had in over five years.
The food was ok. I expected better given the great yelp reviews that I read.
I came back here tonight on the spur of the moment with some friends.  I did not have hard feelings towards FM, but was pleasantly surprised when they tried to make it up to me for last times mishap.  Free dessert on the house! Finally, I got to try one of those gigantic cookies, that were calling my name from the curio by the entrance.  Belly was happy! My salmon was once again cooked to perfection with a fresh side of veggies.  For $17.00 you cannot beat that. Love this place.
Fratelli Milano in downtown Miami, SE 1st St, offers Italian cuisine at reasonable prices and good quality. Granted, we were in summer; in the busy season I am not sure how the parking situation will be, you have to park in the street and it might be packed, say, in December. LOCATION Downtown Miami, right south of Flagler St. Walkable street, pretty safe, but not a lot of reasons to walk around after dinner. DECOR The place is pretty small, tables are a little too close to each other for my taste, which give it a bit of a clumsy feel. SERVICE Service was good when we were there. Our waiter knew the food and was attentive without being obsessive. FOOD This is the place where you should get away from the classic Italo-American food and try some Italian specialties. Don't waste your evening by ordering spaghetti meatball here, order something that they actually eat...in Italy. Among the appetizers, 3 are worth having over the rest: - Cozze Al vino bianco, very tasty mussels in a broth with white wine and garlic. It's not as good as the one I make, but still nice... - Carpaccio Al Manzo. Beef Carpaccio, thinly sliced with rucola (which somehow became "arugola" in the USA, I don't know why), parmesan and olive oil. Light, refreshing. Order a side of lemon and squeeze some fresh juice over it for kick. Burrata Pugliese: this is a very delicate dish that you should try if you never had it, because it's not very easy to find in American restaurants. One of their specialties among entrees (pasta) are the Fiocchi Di Pera e Taleggio (Pear and taleggio cheese) and in fact it's a very nice dish, my wife loved it. However I enjoyed even more the more robust and complex taste of the Pappardelle Milano, with filet mignon, porcini mushrooms, Chianti sauce, truffle Oil...buono davvero! (good indeed!). We drank Italian red (Sangiovese), reasonably priced and pretty good (I mean, I know Sangiovese, it might not be a spectacular red, but it is realiable, never had a bad one). Desserts: The Tiramisu was good, the Flan was a bit weak for my taste. Overall we had a nice dinner. PRICE/VALUE Not bad, it's in Downtown, in a pretty safe area, the food is "GOOD+", the service is on par with the food, a bit more room among the tables would be a nice touch, but no big deal. We are definitely going back to try something else.
This is my favorite Italian restaurant. I love the fiocchi with pear its delicious! Ive tried other dishes and their very good as well.
Fratelli Milano is, hands-down, the best Italian spot in downtown Miami! It's the perfect lunch place to get delicious, homemade food at a reasonable price in a  charming and warm environment. The menu is balanced to satisfy any type of eater, and their desserts are homemade and oh so delicious! I've been a customer at this restaurant prior to their renovation a few years ago, and I'm happy to see their popularity and recognition continuing to grow. The owners take obvious pride in the quality of food and dining experience of their patrons, and it makes it a packed house every single day! The staff are warm and make you feel comfortable and part of the family. Honestly, everything on the menu is delicious, but my go-to comfort dish is the trofie alle melanzane. It's a delicious pasta dish with tomato sauce, mini mozzarella and sauteed eggplant. It's to die for :-) There are also lunch specials for those who want to combine soup, salad or sandwich, which makes it an even better deal! You won't be disappointed if you come here!
Very good italian food.prices were correct.service maybe to be improved a little. Strongly suggest to go!
Great place, great food, great service. Really a great spot for lunch or dinner.
Friend had calamari platter cooked perfectly.  I had spinach and goat cheese pizza, delicious.  Not skimpy on goat cheese which is my normal gripe at other places.  Had chianti house with meal and also very pleased.
Fratelli Milano was awesome! The service was great. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and helpful in picking a dish. I had the lobster ravioli. All I can say is...DELICIOUS. You can tell their pasta is homemade, which added to the great taste. The sauce was just perfect. It was so delicious. It is a bit pricier, but it was well worth it! The inside is also very elegant and nice. Would definitely go again.
still awesome, expanded beautiful space, tomato and asparagus soup and calamari was delicious, mama had grilled sea bass, sis had  Pappardelle, i had the special grilled octopus with zucchini risotto, bottle of white vino and this family was ready to see Sade happily.
First visit to FM.  Had a mostly really good experience.  Got there early as a friend and I were going to see a show that evening.  Do not live in Miami, so navigating some fo the one way streets downtown was a bit challenging.  Found a parking lot down the street for $10, so not that bad. We decided to split a pizza and entree.  We had the Pizza Rinascente, which was good, not great.  Only 3 slices of prosciutto for the pizza didn't seem like enough.  Other places have at least one slice per slice of pizza.  It was tasty, but not the best I have ever had. The Pappardelle Milano was another story.  It was awesome!  You could tell that the pasta was fresh and made in house.  The sauce was absolutely delicious.  I would have eaten the whole thing myself if I could have. We split the tiramisu for dessert  It was good, but clearly had been in the refrigerator.  You could taste the coldness when eating.  I would have preferred that they allowed it to come to room temp to take the chill out first. Very friendly and attentive service.  I won't drive down to FM from Ft. Lauderdale to eat there, but if in the area, I would go again.
Two things: There are very few restaurants in Miami which deserve a five star rating. This is not a five star restaurant. Secondly, there are even fewer Italian restaurants in Miami which deserve a three star rating. This is one that deserves three stars and a half (if I could do such a thing). We were seated promptly with reservations. The selection of beer and wine was anemic and left much to be desired. I suppose this is forgivable for a small restaurant. The space is small and loud. There is seating outside which results in the front door being opened and closed constantly. At one point the staff simply left the front door wide open for 20 minutes. The resulting blasts of hot humid air created quite an unpleasant temperature imbalance. The service was not stellar. I had a party of six and an 18% gratuity was included in the bill. Unfortunately, we had to seek out a waiter on three separate occasions. The wait staff also accidentally switched two plates of pasta with my companion at the other end of the table. My less discriminating friend wolfed down several forks full of my Pappardelle Milano before I noticed the mix up. At that point I set about trying accept and enjoy my friends Bucatini. The tomato sauce was slightly acidic and out of balance. My wife claimed her Risotto di Farro was slightly undercooked. The rest of my party seemed pleased. On the whole the food was slightly better that average. The desserts were very good and the espresso was well made. The Bruschette was tasty. I am not one to reduce a gratuity...but if you include one you better make damn certain service is top notch... especially if I come with a large party. With that said, the prices were reasonable, the food was fresh and the flavors had some depth. I will be back to Fratelli Milano. It deserves another chance.
I read some reviews on Fratelli Milano and I agree with who said that the food is amazing..it's real italian food! Possibly the best italian restaurant in Miami! The service is exceptional, staff is kind and ready to satisfy your wishes. Don't understand how someone else could find a flaw in the service. I often eat at Fratelli Milano all the waiters (David, Rodrigo, Giulia, Filippo) are friendly and I'm never disappointed. If you're looking for good italian food and a nice environment I highly advise you togo there :)
A solid choice. I ate the penne spiga with grilled chicken. It was a good dish with nicely balanced ingredients and a hint of sweetness that worked well. Not particularly excellent, but I l was quite satisfied. I'd return with dining companions who wanted Italian food downtown, but otherwise would be unlikely to bother. Note that Fratelli can be, and often is, slammed during the lunch hour. The ceiling was leaking water immediately inside the entryway of the restaurant. I found this off-putting, but not enough to affect my evaluation.
Yummy food. Good service. Fair prices. What else do you want out of your life? My go-to for a reasonable dinner downtown. A little heavy on the presentation is what keeps it from a five star for me, personally, but most people probably like that.  So there. Go. You'll like it.
One of the few restaurants in Miami that actually deserves a 5 star rating. I lived in Italy before and Fratelli Milano is as close to actual Italian restaurant experience you will get. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is authentic and cozy, and the food is truly amazing. Whether you like pasta, pizza, or just a salad this place will impress you. I used to get their shrimp salad for lunch and loved it. Their different types of pizzas are also amazing. Their homemade lasagna is truly authentic and delicious. I definitely recommend this place.
The best of the best. Authentic pasta and amazing desert will fill your bellies with joy. This place is truly the real deal. Real, fresh Italian! This may be the best Italian food I have ever eaten in my life. I will be flying back to Miami soon to eat more! That's how good it is! Thank you!
Great spot in Downtown Miami. Somewhat noisy. We had gnocchi al pesto and a warm chocolate cake.
After seeing all of the 5 star reviews of this restaurant, I had to give this restaurant a try.  Upon arriving at this downtown restaurant, I was skeptical that a restaurant without table cloths and outdoor seating on the street could serve 5 star food.  Wow was my impression wrong.  The antipasto misto plate was great and I can't remember the last time I  enjoyed a plate of pasta as much as the Fettuccine allo Scoglio!  (And this was one of many plates I was deciding between)  If I lived in Miami, I would definitely frequent this place regularly.  Additionally I felt guilty paying so little for the meal that I ended up thanking their whole staff multiple times and leaving a large tip.  What a find!!
I love this place. When I want a meal I know will be delicious in a beautiful environment, this is the first choice. The service is always wonderful. Its a small space, do you may end up waiting for a table. But its worth the wait. You can't go wrong with anything. My absolute favorite is the tortellini with peas and ham. The flavors all balance out beautifully with the cream sauce. Its rich though, so plan on that. Definitely a great spot for a business lunch or a fun dinner.
I don't understand how this place gets 4.5 stars. It is hugely overrated. The staff has friendly attitude and a great Italian accent, which may be exotic in the US, but I can't imagine their food keeping them open in Italy. They had the worst beef carpaccio. It had no salt or acidity and came with a bag full of arugula, a few pieces of tortured portabello mushrooms and grape tomatoes, and large chunks of parmesan cheese that has seen better days. Pizza margherita was only marginally better. Described as having a fresh tomato sauce, it certainly did not taste that way. It had doughy crust with a slightly metallic taste and was sprinkled with a couple of sad looking pieces of basil. There must be better Italian restaurants in Miami...
By far, one of the best little gems in Miami. Food is wonderful, good assortment of dishes and wines. Service is what you expect. I have tried many dishes, none disappoint. The only negative is street parking, which can be difficult to obtain, but not impossible.
So deliciously perfect! I was craving authentic Italian and I definitely got it here! I began by ordering a bottle of Pinot noir and a charcuterie platter full of fresh motz, salami, Parma and other fresh meats! I then ordered their lasagna, which was heavenly! The sauce alone was magnificent (went perfect with my wine)!! For dessert we had ordered the tiramisu and a chocolate soufflé cake.. The cake wasn't anything to brag about BUT the tiramisu was great! Prices and service was perfect. Needless to say I will definitely be back!
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in Miami! Never lets me down and I bring all my out of town friends here. The pear pasta is always a must try!
Great downtowm restaurant, great food, great service and perfect prices!
After reading some of the other reviews I'm wondering if I went to a different place! "Hands down, best Italian spot in downtown Miami"? We are regular wine drinkers & I don't remember having any worse wine. We tried the Merlot, the Chianti and one other red. Each was worse than the previous. The crispy crust pizza was decent, as was the mixed green salad. We sat outside on a Monday evening about 7P. Pretty deadly. My out-of-towners reco is that if you are in this area & want good Italian, walk a little to the Mary Brickell Village and enjoy a number of choices, including Perricone's & Toscana Divino, get good Italian and a much livelier and classier experience. Sorry Fratelli management. Maybe I should have had the pasta?
LOUD!!!! And super busy for a weekday lunch. However, we only waited 10 min for a table and service was excellent! The hostess was sweet and the servers were on point. The tables are very close together, which makes me a little uncomfortable. The bread with the sun-dried tomato dip was really good. I had the pear stuffed pasta and my husband had the chicken pesto pasta. He really enjoyed his dish and ate the whole thing...My dish was Ok, but after a few bites I was just bored, it was just boring. I feel like instead of a butter sauce, they should maybe do a cheese sauce. Or they could serve less pasta with maybe like a small side salad. I didn't finish it, I didn't feel like it was worth the carbs...
the lasagna is amazing!
Wow Wow Wow... I was just simply blown away by this restaurant. Might I add it came as a recommendation by the Yelpers which I want to extend my gratitude too. It was a very low key and cozy ambiance. We parked in the parking garage across the street and took and short walk to the restaurant. I had made reservations for 8:30pm for a party of 4. Upon arrival we were seated immediately, and greeted by our waiter. Very nice guy with " what do you know an Italian accent "  I didn't ask for his name but he was a heavier set guy with a receding hairline very nice guy very knowledgeable of the menu. My parents ordered the lobster ravioli, my girlfriend had the risotto with scallops,  and I had veal with prosciutto ham with fettuccine pasta, The waiter asked me if I wanted a red sauce or a white sauce with my pasta I really didn't know and I just simply told him " you know what surprise me" My parents lobster was on point to me the best part about this dish with the sauce it was a combination of cheese and lobster and spices that was incredible. The Ravioli was very tender and full of the same flavor of the sauce with the protein inside.   I honestly didn't try the risotto and scallops. However, I will say my girlfriend looked like she was having a food orgasm. The plate looked amazing and my girlfriend said the The scallops were cooked  perfectly and the rice was not too hard and not too chewy, it was according to her the best she has had. It was also combined with veggies and spices. My meal was very well crafted. The veal was very tender and was rich with olive oil and garlic. The plate was average and size but didn't lack stature in flavor. Prosciutto ham in top as well delicious!!!!! He surprised me alright with the pasta it was fettuccine with olive oil, roasted garlic and onion and rosemary and basil, let me tell you it was heaven sent. Rich in flavor and big on taste. We capped it off with expresso... I loved my experience here and I will be back shortly !!!!
Amazing lunch. Lasagna was one big creamy bite. The homemade pasta melts in your mouth. The meat is cooked in wine. Red sauce is balanced.
Have you ever read most of the reviews of a restaurant and thought that they sounded like there was too much hype given and that it couldn't possibly be that good? Well, that's how I felt about Fratelli Milano. On top of that, its location is in downtown, a location I rarely frequent. Then one day, I read a discussion alerting us of a Groupon for this restaurant. I kind of saw this as a sign and bought one. Fast forward a few weeks and this is where I am writing the review. When a place has people waiting on a Tuesday night then you know it has certain things going for it. Luckily, I had made reservations and was seated immediately. The place is elegant/casual where you can come to have a romantic date or just a family dinner. The service is great and you can tell they try to be as authentic as possible. I don't know how many times I've been to an Italian restaurant to be serviced by a Hispanic. Not that there's anything wrong with that but when your waiter has an italian accent and so does everyone else in the restaurant, you feel like you're in for a treat. And boy, was I. We began with the complimentary bread, which I felt was the weakest part of the meal. I've definitely had better but this alone won't affect my rating of the place one bit. Because browsing through the menu led me to some conclusions. First was that everything sounded delicious. There may not be as many options as I might have hoped but this shows that they take pride in their certain dishes and try to make those to the  best of their ability. Second was that they made their own pasta. Very impressive. And lastly was that this place is very cheap compared to the quality of food that you're getting. Well, my party of two settled for the lasagna and spaghetti with sausage and broccoli and while my spaghetti was easily the best spaghetti I've ever had, it was out-shined by the lasagna in every way possible. I have and will never try a lasagna as amazing as this (unless its here). This deliciousness came with juxtaposed feelings though because I realized that never again would I find what I used to think was delicious Italian as good. Its a trade I'm willing to make though since these dishes were engraved in my mind as some of the best things to ever touch my taste buds. We continued with the chocolate souffle for dessert and while I can't say it was bad, I wasn't blown away as I thought I would be. I guess they can't get everything to the level of perfection as their pasta. Overall, this is now my new favorite Italian restaurant. I am willing to make the trek from Country Walk here and that's saying a lot. I just wish it were a little closer to home.
Been there for the first time after I have read all the good reviews about this restaurant The inside restaurant was very cozy and has a very good ambience , the lighting and the decor is just excellent for the nice good diner! I would say perfect for any date or family or any business meeting. We order 2 appetizers which was the sauté mussels and polenta with mushroom. The mussels was amazing ! and it was our favorite dish of the night and the polenta was alright but a little bit too salty. Then I also had fettuccine which was good but the pasta was a little bit hard and we ordered lobster ravioli which as amazing ! Highly recommend the dish! Service was good
Excellent and authentic Italian in downtown Miami Not fancy or pretentious. Prices are very reasonable. Attention is really good without being on top. Highly recommended if you like great food.
We loved it there. Authentic Italian atmosphere, phenominal food, and the prices are very good. Thin crust pizza was delicious! The staff was extremely friendly, and they really kept the place clean. Will go there again!
Fratelli Milano was a a great discovery for us while spending a few days in Miami. In fact, two of the dishes we had were amongst the best examples I've ever had of those dishes. Didn't have a reservation for dinner, but the place wasn't too busy as it was still early. The bruschetta tradizionale we started with was sublime (and I'm not a big bruschetta guy). The bread was toasted perfectly, and the tomato mixture was flavorful and had the right touch of oil.   Of the two pasta dishes we ordered, the gnocchi with pesto was simply excellent - the gnocchi was light, and the pesto delicious (though I will mention that there was an upcharge for the pesto, which wasn't stated on the menu). The other dish we ordered was the tagliatelle spiga, a spinach noodle and vegetable dish, and for me it was the only reason Fratelli Milano didn't rate 5 stars. I found it an odd dish - it had a sweet and sour taste that was unfamilar to me within Italian cuisine, and I just didn't like it very much. We were too full to try dessert. Service and ambiance were quite good.   This is very close to a 5 star restaurant for me, and I suspect had we ordered just about any other dish than the tagliatelle spiga, I would have scored it 5.
I will never say this about another Italian restaurant in Miami - this is THE ABSOLUTE BEST ITALIAN RESTAURANT IN SOUTH FLORIDA. From the ambiance to the menu, prices, and food quality you will not find a other italian restaurant that beats what they offer. Do yourself a favor and go treat yourself to a true taste of Italy!
love the sauce here.....meatball was kick ass too
This place is a gem, hiding in the middle of Downtown Miami. Such a nice place to go to on a Saturday night. Great service, exciting menu, dessert case staring at you while you wait for a table. What else do you need? Oh, and the pasta...big, bold, flavors. My puttanesca was intense, in a very good way.
Being a New Yorker, my standards are very high for Italian food and this was amazing. It was so good, I am down here on a conference and I ate here for lunch AND dinner in the same day. I had the spaghetti with clams and it was perfect.
Prior to its renovation it was my favorite restaurant in Miami, however went to dinner here for Valentine's day and it was a huge fail, besides the place now being bigger and aesthetically more pleasing the kitchen has really lost the edge. Ordered the raviolli valentine's special, the pasta was very undercooked, the fiochi which was my favorite dish was poorly made all crammed on the plate and served dry and cold. My steak was very overcooked (I ordered medium) and the service took longer than usual. I really hope its not a sign of where the new Fratelli's is heading following its renovation.
Sooooo good. Beautiful restaurant and super friendly service. I had the marghrita pizza and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the seafood pasta special with a half Maine lobster. Some of the seafood was overdone but he said it was still good. Great place for a nice dinner that's not too expensive in downtown Miami.
It was our first time visiting Miami before going on a cruise.  This restaurant lives up to its great reviews and prices are incredibly reasonable.  While the service was a little bit slow, the food was very memorable. We started with the calamari - deep fried delicousness! I got the lasagna - melt in your mouth amazing! Husband got lobster ravioli in vodka sauce - YUM! All of our dishes were awesome. I'd recommend this restaurant if you're looking for some great Italian food for a great price! If we're ever in Miami again, we'll definitely be back!
Really, 4 and 5 stars? This place sucked. I ordered Veal Parm and they served it with ice cold mozz cheese on top. I asked the waitress why the cheese was cold and she responded that's how they do it. She also asked me whether i wanted a salad or pasta on the side as if it were part of the dish and she charged me 5 dollars. The pasta sauce was horrible and watery kinda like you'd expect from a elementary school cafeteria.SO i gave it 1 star though if there was a NO STAR option I would have given it no stars...
Went for dinner.  Nice atmosphere.  Great service. Had traditional bruschette for app - it was good, but I actually enjoyed the complimentary bread and tomato sauce for dipping more.  That tomato sauce was outstanding; I could have eaten a bucket of it. Agnolotti di Pollo - fantastic Mother had Bucatini San Babila - she liked it, but it wasn't knock your socks off, the agnolotti was much much better. Tiramisu for dessert was heavenly!
3.5 star. Fresh pasta Great for what u paid for. Large caprese portion. Great sauce
very good food for a reasonable price.
Date night with the wife on 7/19/14. Found this place here on Yelp and because of the reviews decided to go. This place is amazing. Small, quaint, homey feeling but elegant. We had calamari, artichoke, zucchini for app and it was good and spicy. For entree my wife had Lobster ravioli, I had the Agnolotti di Pollo( chicken ravioli). There is nothing better than homemade pasta. This place gets it right. My dish was very good, ravioli filling was abundant, pasta al dente, and very good. My wife's dish was...AMAZING! Perfection!  Both dishes were enough to fill you up but not too much. For dessert we had tiramisu which was good. Overall great dining experience, definitely will be back very soon.
I love the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio! I'm vegetarian and this place usually helps me work my way into getting something that fits what I'm looking for. Their pink sauce is solid. I go there even if I dont have much time, so I sit at the bar order my pasta and walk out. I also enjoy a sitting down meal..  the  portions are very reasonable so it's good that you can split it if you wish. I need to try everything on the menu that I can eat... I just hope I dont need to change into bigger pants. The food is really good!
Fratelli Milano is my FAVORITE Italian restaurant, in Miami or really in any city I've been!   The cozy atmosphere feels very authentic and the fact that the two chef owners happen to be twin Italian brothers with excellent skills makes it even better.  Much of the waitstaff is also Italian, giving one the sense that they have been transported to Milan, the hometown of the trained chefs.   My menu favorites: Dello chef salad (literally the best dressing I have ever tasted), homemade gnocchi with pink sauce, and the new pear and gorgonzola pasta (I can't remember what they shape is called; however to my knowledge that item is only available on the dinner menu).  Every dessert is beyond delicious - my favorites: fruit tart and the Napolean (the one with the creme layered in between pastry and the thin sugared top).  Go to Fratelli - you will not be disappointed!!!
Seeing so many good reviews online, we decided to check it out for lunch. 1st impression, the complimentary bread and the sauce coming with it is good. The sauce is amazing but the bread I feel like it is old bread from last night. The food is ok but not like the best italian food I have ever eaten in my life. The seafood fettuccine is good but not that amazing. We had the lasagna, which is a bit salty. For dessert, we order donut. The filling is amazingly good. However. the shell is kinda old. I feel like they may serve old stuffs from yesterday. For the price, they should have served better stuffs.
Great prices, great food, great service. I have been there 3 times and it has always been very consistent. Always packed with office people for lunch, will definitely not disappoint you. Enjoy!
This place is AWESOME!  Smaller venue with a very intimate ambiance. The service was beyond fantastic; From the host to the server to food runners. The cuisine is truly authentic Italian. My girlfriend and I started with a caprese salad which had some of the best fresh mozzarella I've tasted in south Florida along with perfectly ripened succulent tomatoes. She had the pappardelle milano and it was great. If I was forced to criticize it, I would only say that there isn't very much filet mignon in the dish, but that's almost expected when ordering a pasta dish.  I had the lobster ravioli and it was superb. Fresh and very flavorful.  For dessert we order a cannoli and the tiramisu. The cannoli was outstanding. A little more lemon zest than I'm used to but it worked well with the sweetness of the ricotta filling.  The tiramisu is literally the ONLY reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5.  There was about 2 inches of cinnamon on top of the tiramisu which made it nearly impossible to eat without first scraping it off.  It was also lacking the sweetness and bold espresso flavor that one would typically expect from tiramisu.  All-in-all, I will definitely be back and will surely recommend this place to friends.
There is nothing bad I can say about Fratelli. My favorite italian restaurant hands down - I've never gotten something I didn't like and look forward to hearing their specials every time I go. My usual: the fried calamari and zucchini with a spicy tomato sauce, lasagna and panna cotta. I'm also hooked on the sundried tomato spread with bread that they serve. I even ask for it when I get take out. Crack. Their seafood dishes are good, gnocchi, you name it, it won't disappoint. Only disappoint I've had is when they run out of panna cotta before I get there. Lesson learned - ask for one when I'm ordering my wine. I just moved to the 'burbs which makes me miss and appreciate this place even more.
Great food huge portions amazing flavors Make sure to try the Anti pasto Very attentive and friendly staff
Walked in at 7pm , no reservations, and 2 kids.  Great food and service. Really good red sauce.  Highly recomme
Best italian food!! The space is super nice, love the bread and sauce that they bring you at the beginning! The risotto d mare is delicious and love the paninnis and pizzas. They have a pastry chef on the house and the desserts are to die for!! Service good, is a family running restaurant!
This place was very, very good!  We stayed in the Brickell area of Miami for an extended weekend and with two young kids, let's just say that there weren't many kid-friendly places that could accomodate strollers and such.  The staff at this restaurant was warm and welcoming - a rare luxury in Miami from what I experienced.  They went out of their way to accomodate our family and were very attentive throughout the rest of our meal.  The food was delicious.  Had the pear fiochi dish which is something I had never had before.  It was good though a bit on the sweet side.  Their tiramisu was also very good.  The ambiance upscale without being stuffy.  Didn't need to get all dressed up to go out and enjoy a nice meal.  I recommend this place!
After a many taking advantage of various Friday night happy hours  at multiple establishments, decided get some dinner.  Ended up coming to Fretelli Milano for a 9:30 dinner.  Was seated outside (was a perfect night for this) with no wait.  Ordered a bottle of an Italian Merlot and bruchette to start.  The bruchette was just right, did not have balsamic vinegar like some places (which I prefer no balsamic vinegar).  For my entree ordered the Angolotti di pollo (a pasta filled with chicken, herbs and ricotta cheese) which is topped with a delicious pink sauce.  The pink sauce was so good I had to wipe my plate clean with bread to finish it off.  In the past, I would always order off menu and order a chicken parm, this is actually my first time ordering an entree that appears on the menu (glad i did).  Anyways, this is a great establishment, good prices for food and wine, and the food is really good.
I had such a lovely and wonderful experience at Fratelli Milano. I've always seen the amazing reviews on Yelp, and I've always wanted to try it. I recently got to experience Fratelli Milano and now I know why they have such a large following. The small, cozy restaurant is right in the heart of downtown. The street parking can be somewhat tricky so be on the look out for that. When I walked into the restaurant and was greeted by the all the Italian workers I was transported back Italy. I thought that maybe I had finally found a restaurant that was as lovely, memorable, and authentic as something from Italy itself. Sure enough, I was not disappointed. To start out my meal my dinner guest and I shared two appetizers. We got the caprese salad for something fresh, and at my insistence, the crema di polenta. The caprese was well, a caprese salad. Very good, but nothing special. The crema di polenta on the other hand was exquisite. Thinking of it now makes me want to return to Fratelli Milano just for one more bite. The polenta was truly exceptional and one of the best that I've had in Miami. For our main dishes I got the gnocchetti al gusto with pesto sauce and my friend got the lasagna casereccia. I have to say, the lasagna was better than my gnocchi. My friend let me try some and it was pretty amazing. The gnocchi was great, but I was not too fond of the pesto sauce that was recommended to me by the waiter. I think if I would have gotten another sauce I would have enjoyed it even more. Our meal was a success and everything was great. I do wish I would have ordered the fiocchi di pera they are so well known for. Oh well, I guess this is just another excuse for me to visit again!
Great cozy ambiance. Excellent food and service and reasonable prices. Their menu is very varied so there's something for everyone. Call for reservations. It gets pretty packed Friday & Saturday. Get the Napoleon for dessert or the profiteroles if you love dark chocolate! Yum!
Best salads, best pasta in Miami.
Fratelli Milano one of my favorites places in Downtown Miami as busy they are is always good and nice welcome to costumers starting from my favorite manager David (con esa sonrisa k lo caracteriza es tan inspirador, alegre, agradable..... Me da una paz) I also like to thanks this time to the chef I wonder what else he can do with his hands :) thanks to all to making me fell so good!!!
High quality Argentinian-Italian food. Try the profiterole or the tiramisu, they are incredible!
Very good food. Service was great. We enjoyed the Pear and taleggio cheese stuffed pasta in a fresh sage and butter sauce.
The food was fantastic! The pasta was fresh and the portions were generous. We tried the Agnolotti con Pollo and Bucatini san Babila for entrees and Tortino al Cioccolato for desert, all of which was delicious. The service was great until it was time to get the check, then it almost seemed like we were forgotten about. I can look past that, considering how quickly we were served our dinners (less than 10m after ordering), and would definitely go back if I ever find myself back in Miami.
Was trying to go to another Italian place down the street, it was closed, so my boyfriend and I made a game-time decision to try this place instead, based on the 400 good reviews. Overall, it's the type of restaurant where you aren't mad you went but aren't craving to go back either. It's a small restaurant with a little bar and ample seating indoor and outdoor. We went on a Wednesday night and it was surprisingly crowded, but we didn't have to wait for a table. Our waiter looked/sounded fresh off the boat from Italy, knew the menu well, and was efficient. Not super warm or friendly, but not rude. Just did his thing. We first had an antipasto salad that was a special, but it kind of just looked thrown together on the plate.. not too memorable, but not terrible. The mozzarella was eh, the vegetables, whatever. And why can't they put the balsamic/oil already on the table? I hate having to ask for it and wait while I stare patiently at my dish. Bread was also whatever, I prefer it served warm. I had the bucatini san babila aka tubular pasta in a tomato sauce with sausage and broccoli. The portion was on the small side and I wish that the broccoli pieces were bigger, fuller, and less cooked. The tomato sauce was good, but definitely not memorable. My boyfriend had the fettucine al scoglio,  aka seafood pasta in tomato sauce, which tasted kind of bland to me, and the calamari kind of chewy. For dessert we had the tiramisu, which was okay, but a little dry. My chianti was probably the best part of the meal. The decor was whatever, a few pictures on the wall, and the music that was playing was some like top 40 soft rock which didn't really fit. For the next Italian dinner date we will probably go somewhere more along the lines of Ni Do on the Upper East Side where the overall vibe is awesome/makes you feel like you are right on a little corner restaurant in Italy and the food is mouth watering!!
I really like the food but the people working there could be much friendlier. They act like it is a bother to them that I came in.
Sings: Fratelli, Fratelli, Fratelli, Fratelli... Fratelli, Fratelli, we eat Italian here when we in Miami. *Ends song* What can I say? Fratelli, you serve up some solid Italian food. This spot is located in downtown which means PARKING IS AWFUL. Once you parallel park your car (unless you're okay with dropping an entire paycheck to park in a garage), make your way towards the forest green awnings. You have the option to sit inside or outside but if you're like me you will choose to  sit inside next to the dessert display (it serves as great motivation to not stuff yourself and save room for some dolce action post meal). If you're not adventurous, go for the lasagna which has never let me down. Starts up song again: Fratelli, Fratelli, Fratelli, Fratelli, Fratelli, Fratelli....
Great Service .. Fresh ingredients!
found this place on yelp when I was in Miami. pretty good food ")
Spinach fettuccine was delicious as was my girlfriends lasagna. Waiter wasn't too pleasant. He seemed impatient and in such a haste to get our order and not personalize our visit.
The best Italian food in Miami. The pear stuffed pasta is insane.
WOW!  I can't believe I've been missing out on this place for so long!  The food is amazing and their portions are perfect.  I had the seabass, which I described to my FI as a 'heavenly cloud' of fish.  It was so fluffy, soft and delish.  Let me clarify-I am not a fish eater.  I just recently started enjoying fish .  So for some reason, I base my reviews off a good restaurant depending on the quality of their fish and if I actually enjoy my meal.  This place has made fish somehow taste almost like sweet bread...not a hint of fishiness. Which means, they only use the freshest ingredients, highest quality meats, fish, etc. and know how to pair their meals perfectly.  My FI ordered their Pappardelle Milano and loved it.  I tried it as well and it was delish.  Very similar to Perricone's dish, but actually much better.  Overall, I have only one regret after coming to this restaurant, the fact that I hadn't come here sooner!! I can't wait to go back and try their other dishes, I bet they are amazing too.
I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try.  It was great!  The service was good and the food was very delicious.  I would recommend! Cant wait to go back.  The lasagna was amazing!
After seeing all of the good reviews I figured this place was close enough to walk to from home so I owed it to myself to give it a try. I was glad to see that it was as good as reported. I had a veal with in a mushroom sauce and mashed potatoes off the special menu which was good, but I almost died when I tried my mom's lasagna, best lasagna I have ever had. My only complaint was that we were there during the winter yet they were blasting the AC so we were freezing and had to ask a few times for them to lower it, which they eventually did. I'm updating this after a few years of picking up their lasagna to go and giving them an extra star. Def my favorite Italian place in Miami.
Excellent! Had a reservation of 10 the night before the Miami marathon, & they did everything they could to get us in & make it work. When the reservation changed to 12 last minute, it didn't phase them and they accommodated us immediately. Good service, great food, & overall a great experience. The wait for dessert order got a little long, but they were busy, so it was understandable.
I've always wanted to come here, the reviews sounded fantastic and the pictures had me drooling for months. We had some free time in Downtown on a weekday and decided to finally try it out. Since it was a weekday lunch they were incredibly busy and it was loud in the restaurant. We were seated next to the bakery cooler at a small table for two, yet could not carry on a conversation because of how loud it was in the restaurant. Due to the crowded restaurant, service was also sub-par. We waited several minutes before our server came to take our drink order, and another 10-15 minutes before our lunch order was taken. I ordered the fiocchi di pera and Fernando ordered the lasagna. It took quite a while for the food to come, but we were served warm bread while waiting that was amazing. The bread was my favorite part of the meal. Once the food came I was excited as everything looked amazing, but was disappointed after tasting my fiocchi. It was good, but not amazing - the pasta was slightly overcooked and the sauce was pure butter that had separated a bit. The filling was also a bit bland. The lasagna was very good, though. Quite tasty and a large portion. We ended the meal with a tiramisu, which was gorgeous and delicious. I want to come back to give them another chance, I'm hoping it was just an off day since they were so busy. It wasn't a cheap meal and I felt even more disappointed - a $70 lunch should have blown me away.
Just had dinner there last night. Food was outstanding, service excellent as well. Our waitress was from Bologna, and excellent. Had a pasta dish with Seafood, that was outstanding, our salad and starter dishes were also very good. When we arrived the place was crowded and loud, reminded us of eating out in Italy this past summer, we were in heaven. Wine list is very good as well. For downtown Miami, prices are very reasonable, oh and the deserts are made on premise and spectacular!
Even though the pear and cheese stuffed pasta was delicious, our extremely rude and snarky waiter, "Da-viid" made the experience quite unpalatable. When we were trying to decide what we wanted, he rudely cut us off in mid-sentence and said "I'll come back later." He kept trying to get us to pay for pure drinking water by only offering "sparkling or flat" until I specifically asked for "tap" Even though we each ordered our own entrees, he tried to stick on the $3 sharing charge even though we weren't. He never checked on us even once during the meal or refilled our water. At the end, he came by to say "Would you like any dessert?" followed by a condescending  "I thought so" when we said we were full.  I'm not sure why they would hire such a mean and judgemental human being to serve others, but they need to get rid of him, fast.  When you pay for a meal in a restaurant, you pay for both food and service and expect to be treated with a basic level of respect. If David is your waiter, ask for someone else or eat elsewhere.
Food here is very authentic . Very tasty and so worth your $ . Recommend for those  Italian dish lovers .
Great food for reasonable price!  Ordered the lasagna because of the rave reviews on yelp and the seafood risotto. Lasagna $15 - very good but bit on the heavy side.  Best lasagna I've had in a long time. Seafood risotto $20 - extremely good.  We asked for them to hold the mussel.  They brought out this dish extremely hot which makes the meal all the more enjoyable.  Nice buttery flavor.  Clams were old and not fresh.  There was a slight weird flavor to it.  Scallop and shrimps were very good and appears to be fresh. Nice atmosphere.  Wait staff were friendly and have a nice accent which makes this all the more authentic experience.
You don't usually connect Miami with authentic Italian food, but believe everything you've read because it doesn't get much better than this.  Really good Italian food relies a lot on simplicity, and Fratelli Milano understands this well.  Their style isn't unlike Italian grandmother food.  Traditional, fresh, comforting cuisine achieved with minimal ingredients.  And when I say Italian I mean Italy, so don't expect something like the chicken parm and bread sticks you had in New Jersey.  We ordered the gnocchi and the spaghetti with sausage.  I can say with complete sincerity that this was one of the best meals I've ever had.  The freshness of the pasta, the subtle sweetness of the sausage, it all served as an authentic reminder of why Italian cuisine is one of the world's best.  The restaurant's cozy and intimate interior seals the deal.  Fortunately you won't hear any obnoxious club music during your meal, and you definitely won't experience any of the arrogant service typical in downtown or Miami Beach, it's just not that kind of place.
Place is not good for large parties. They can accommodate the party for seating but the service is horrible. If you are from NY. Don't go. Italian food is meant to be from NY  not from Miami.
Fantastic food and semi-reasonable prices. When they first opened I ate here once a week, but the prices have gone up considerably since then. Pastas are always winners, and the sandwiches and salads are solid. I would bathe in that little sun-dried tomato pesto they put out with the bread if I could. It used to be very difficult to get a table here at lunch, but the expanded operations have ameliorated the wait time.
After just having caught a great flick during the Miami International Film Festival at the Gusman, we were starving as we were walking back to Brickell and just stumbled upon this restaurant.  I thought it sounded familiar, but didn't realize how lucky we were.  We were all ready to order until the waiter (owner?) approached our street-side table and presented the specials for the day.  As he left us for a moment to retrieve our drinks, my date and I glanced at each other and immediately agreed that 1) We would each order one of the specials and 2) sharing was imperative.  A week later I was still craving the amazing texture of the hand twisted pasta with bolonese sauce.  The service was great, and the crab-stuffed ravioli was not bad either.  But the hand-twisted pasta . . . just amazing.  And we need to go back to try out those beautiful desserts.
Excellent recommendation. Went there for lunch. Bruschetta was superb. Also excellent was panini.
Wonderful service, delicious food, and a heart-warming environment. Everything about this dining experience was flawless. If you're having a craving for Italian Cuisine, look for Fratelli Malino.
The food is just like in Italy,Prices are great.I read the reviews and they are right on.
It has been quite a while since I get home in a hurry to write a good review. Tonight's dinner at Fratelli Milano was one such occasion.  I stopped after attending a tasting at a nearby building. Sticking to my routine at Italian restaurants, I opened with their caprese and prosciutto salad. It arrived at my table quickly, with a generous helping of sweet balsamic vinegar, a handful of salty prosciutto slices, and huge pieces of tomato and mozarella. Molto Bene! The pear fiochi was next. Warm and creamy, the pasta was tender and sweet with the pear filling. Together with my main course, I enjoyed an original spin on the classic bread. Instead of the classic balsamic vinegar, Fratelli Milanos dipping sauce is a tasty surprise of sundried tomato, basil, garlic and olive oil. I liked it! I closed it off with one of their fruit tarts and a latte. Even though I was dining solo, service was prompt, attentive and courteous. The interior was dimly lit with cool looking spot lamps. I'm glad I got to experience Fratelli Milano and look forward to coming back.
Nothing but Italian fast food rest. It could be good for a cafe at train station. Nothing remarkable at all. Pizza is a frozen stuff, fatty and oily being warmed up in electrical oven.
pretty disappointed.  food was average.  parpadelle was too aldente, and the meat in the dish was not good.  would not go back.  the pear pasta was way too sweet and who can eat a whole dish of it?  the choclate desert tasted old and microwaved.
I used to work within a short walking distance from this place a few years back and it's a solid italian restaurant. I can't remember the name of the dish I had but it was a pear filled pasta that was delicious. Light sauce and very flavorful. Haven't been there in a long time however, but when I did frequent back a few years ago it was solid. Service was ok. Very busy during weekday lunch hours.
Great authentic Italian food! Don't expect the Olive Garden, this is original Italian food. So original all waiters speak Italian. Try the stuffed Chicken Proscuitto dish with avocado and potatoes on the side.
Great food and great service!
We were visiting from Los Angeles and were looking for a small quaint place for dinner.  We found Fratelli on Yelp and were so pleased with the welcoming staff as soon as we entered the restaurant.  Our waiter was Leandro and he was extremely helpful and very pleasant our entire stay.  The food was delicious!  I had the chicken breast stuffed with spinach and roasted pine nuts, hands down best italian dish i've ever had! My wife had the spaghetti and italian sausage, she loved it!  The portions were large and there was no room for dessert, we had a chocolate chip cookie to go, looked so good in their display case we couldn't resist.  Our next visit to Miami will definitely include a visit from us.
Excellent food! Excellent service. You will not be disappointed.
Just ate here with my girls.  They said this is the best restaurant they have ever been at.  Now they understand what I mean when I say olive garden is NOT real Italian!  My youngest ate almost her whole pizza (margherita), number one ate the whole skirt steak AND her broccoli, I had the flounder special, over polenta with tomato sauce, olives, onions, and more.  Just wonderful. Mand deserts had to be ordered, profiteroles were a hit.  If we were staying longer we would be back but alas they are closed Sunday.  Oh, and service was top notch, all we're attentive, not just our own server.  Just a great experience for me and my girls!
I'm not a huge pasta lover and normally stay away from italian cuisine. This restaurant is delicious. We ordered the sausage bocattino, the parpadelle Milano, and the Chilean seabass. All three plates we wonderful. I recommend this restaurant if you're looking for a small, quaint spot with great italian food. This is hard to find in the brickellyoga downtown area. I will definitely return.
Wonderfully charming Italian restaurant in downtown Miami. The food was great and the service attentive but not overbearing. Very nice atmosphere that was neither too loud and sceney nor too quite and sleepy. It's nice to see green sprouts of life like Fratelli Milano populating downtown Miami's once dreadful streets and being successful.
It's hard to find truly good Italian food in Miami. This restaurant serves fantastic fresh pasta for a very reasonable price.
Great food, hearty portions, nice ambiance, and friendly service. Glad this was our first stop in Miami.
Definitely my favorite place in Miami B ! I love to eat outside at lunch, I love how the place is crowded but cool, The food is great, the service is great... I recommend Tortellini di Formaggio, Penne Spiga, Vitello alla Milanese and of course, the Tortino al Cioccolato.
Went here this past fri place looked half empty walked in wanted a table for 2 waiter tells us those empty tables were reserved. Tells me wait for the manager who was outside busy having a conversation. I'm not a very patient person probably gave him 3 min and just walked out and went to the other Italian restaurant around the corner. To bad as I've been here one other time and food was very good
Awesome place, small and intimate setting. I've been several times and always been satisfied. Even the takeout is delicious. Great service. Polenta is fantastic, the Gorgonzola steak with spinach and potatoes is great. Good veal also. Lasagna was also good (tasted my girl's). Overall, the 2nd best Italian place I've been to in Miami, all things considered. Price is reasonable as well.
Their fritto milano is really yummy. I have also had the caprese which was also great. It's just your typical italian restaurant but it's nothing amazing. It's small and cozy.
Lived in Italy last year, and this restaurant was as close as we've found to Italy-quality dining outside of NYC. Went back twice in 4 days. Gnocchi were the best. Highly recommend!!!
Awesome food. Small place so definitely make reservations. Parking is horrific unless you valet. Good service.
This place is Italian, close, and has takeout.  It is a bit on the pricey side however the food is pretty good!  I had a pasta dish that was clearly delicious homemade pasta, sundried tomatoes, goat cheese, and filet mignon.  It sounds delish, and it was, and I even ate the leftovers the next day.  I can say I liked it a lot, but the flavors never fully popped, and with those ingredients it could have had the potential to be something mind blowing.  That said they are close by, I was happy with the food, and I'm curious to try other dishes.
great pizza!!
This is the best italian food I've had in Miami (and in many other places for that matter), hands down. Not only are the pastas perfectly cooked melt in your mouth goodness - they give you a great portion at a price of around $15. I've tried several - the fiocchi di pera, the gnocchi with pink sauce, the pappardelle with filet mignon. They've all been stellar. Another wonderful added bonus is the bread with tomato sauce that they bring you to start your meal. This tomato sauce is so good, I'm pretty sure I could drink a gallon of it. They bring it to you in the tiniest prep bowl I've ever seen, I'm pretty sure to tease you. Fortunately, I have no shame in asking for at least 3 more bowls of that delectable dipping sauce. I'm thinking that the service was pretty good when I went - but realisitcally the food is so delicious that the waiter could have spit in my face and I'd still come back for more. Honestly, anyone who likes italian food, who likes food at all, needs to come here immediately.
Great food!  We had the pumpkin soup, salad, lobster ravioli, pasta with filet mignon (won't order again - fillet was massacared),  chocolate souffle, flan & an espresso.  Our waiter, David, was very attentive & made our evening enjoyable despite being harassed by the homeless three times during our meal (minus 1 star).  Try to get a table inside.
One of the best italian restaurants in Miami. Amazing food, great service. The owner is there always, making sure everything is made to perfection. The quality of the food is always great, the pizzas are amazing, even the freshly made biscotti are incredible. Highly recommended restaurant. You won't be dissappointed.
Excellent.  Wenr for quick lunch.  Risotto primavera.  Rice was good and moist, vegetables crisp and the shrimp were perfect.  Service was brisk amd efficient.  Lunchtime crowd was business focused but v nice atmosphere.
Great power lunch spot.  All the pastas taste good. Great homemade desserts as well.  Taste of Milan in Miami.
Great lunch spot.  Very good food and service.    It can be very  busy at lunch and so sometimes you have to wait for a table but they've added space so it's gotten better.
This is a great neighborhood spot. Here is why I like this place a lot: 1) Efficient, friendly service. 2) Homemade Pasta. 3) Melt-in-your-mouth burrata and fresh prosciutto. 4) Good tiramisu which is not too sweet (made the authentic Italian way). I like the pasta with seafood. My friends rave about the pasta with steak. It's supposedly un-freaking-believable. It's safe to say whatever you fancy it will be tasty here. I saw the fish special last week. I was sorry I had ordered my pasta. But the carb-coma was well worth it.
qqq
Absolutely outstanding.  Make reservations of you may not get in.  Osso Buco special was stellar. Worth the trip.
This place is amazing been going there before the whole remodeling. The two brother cooks are soo talented and the magic they do in the kitchen is sooooooo good. I would recommend this to every one and anyone who always ask me where to go to eat in downtown.
we ended up here accidentally after wandering the Downtown streets in search of sustenance when we were turned away from an unexpectedly closed Ceviche 105 (due to 'plumbing problems' said the sign). we were in serious need of food, having been at JAM@MAM for several hours, drinking, watching a fashion show, and generally being artsy. so off this small group of yelpers went to our 2nd choice for the evening...and I couldn't be happier it worked out that way! we were so hungry we decided to get two appetizers and four main dishes for the four of us and that we would all pick at everything (since everything sounds so freaking delicious), but not before starting off with a delicious bottle of Malbec, Carlos Basso Reservado 2007, of which we had a second bottle to finish off the meal just as deliciously. our appetizers were a delicious brie, spec, grilled asparagus bruschetta and an arugula, prosciutto, buratta (mozzarella) salad. both were excellent and disappeared immediately. two of the other yelpers ordered the Quattro Formaggi pizza (good) and the meat lasagna (so very very yummy). the pasta with skirt steak, mushrooms, and Gorgonzola in a cream sauce was also ordered and was so good I forgot what it was called. a similar thing happened with my order, can't recall the name but certainly remember the deliciousness that it was in extreme detail. I had the fettuccine with shrimp, scallops, and calamari in a creamy tomato sauce - some of the best pasta I've had, period. the service was very good, the staff friendly, the place small and cozy, and the company was EXCELLENT! I had a great time, a wonderful meal, exceptional wine, so much laughing - all in all a top notch evening. thanks to Fratelli Milano and thanks to my yelp companions...I can't wait to come back again!
Excellent!!!! The service & food couldn't have been better! Like the other yelpers, try the pasta with pear, it was extraordinary! My 11 year old had the seafood fettuccine, the calamari was soooo good.
Dropped a star. Everything was great here as usual...service, atmosphere, etc.  but the portion size of the salmon I ordered last night was TINY!!   Definitely insufficient and I left hungry.  Very disappointing and makes me think twice about coming back.
absolutely divine. reminds me of escopazzo, just 1/3 of the price!! thankfully i was in downtown miami on business and knew this was my chance to finally check out fratelli milano. got there early, at 1145, before the lunch rush, so we were in and out in about 45 minutes. (btw it was packed by the time we left) the bread basket is filled with soft baguette style bread and accompanied with an awesome red sauce with some olive oil. the mixed green salad was fresh and the balsamic dressing was perfect. i would say the small salad is big enough for 2. i had the fiocchi, stuffed with pear and cheese. light and sweet. my dad had the spinach fettucini with veggies and shrimp. sooo good, again really light pasta, and the taste was full of flavor! we were too full for dessert, although i was checking out the window display the whole time, the desserts looked awesome. so for 30 bucks i got to treat dad to a nice post fathers day lunch - i scored extra brownie points and he was a happy dad :)
Food was excellent and service was very attentive. Dined outside which was a nice option. Inside looked very nice and quaint yet casual. Overall great restaurant.  Will definitely frequent and recommend.
I ordered the lasagne and was not impressed. Will try something else next time.  Way too much cheese
I was disappointed I had the Lasagna and the pasta was very doughy , the bread the serve with the olive olive and sauce was great , but i have better pasta at the big cheese for a lot less
I'm only in Miami for a few days and looked on yelp to find a good restaurant near my hotel and I couldn't agree more with all of the stellar reviews.  This place was so charming and the food was out of this world delicious.  I'm a vegetarian, but had no trouble finding something delicoius to eat.  Hope to get back here sometime soon!
One of the best and affordable places to have nice authentic Italian dinner. Though not located in so lively part of Miami, food, wine and people will complement it. We tried Pasta (Pappardelle Milano)  it was amazing.
All I whined about when talking about my upcoming visit here was trying their Napoleon. You know, the one posted on their website under the gallery tab...huge...zoomed in...looking delicious? Yeah, that one. On the way there I mentioned it again to the hubby. I looked and noticed they had it listed on the dessert menu. Arrived on time to our reservation and was seated right away. Asked the waiter the second he got to the table to reserve a Napoleon for me. " Oh, I don't think we have any today. Let me check" insert awkward pause as he checks. Yup, he was right. None. I was really bummed given my excitement over this little piece of heaven. I am a big baby when it comes to desserts. Sigh. They should not feature it on the website so big if this is something they don't always have. Just sayin'  The waiter handled my disappointment really well. He was actually very sweet about it. In fact, they were very gracious and happy to fulfill any request we had. Too hot? No problem we'll turn the AC down (no it was not me this time and it was hot. It did not help they kept their door open the entire time), need this or that? Sure! Service was great all night. We got our menus and were overwhelmed with all the delicious choices. They brought out bread, breadsticks paired with a hearty tomato sauce which was delicious. We started with the rinascente pizza which has prosciutto di Parma, arugula and parmigiano. That was really good. We settled on the lasagna, the pear stuffed pasta, the bucatini and the fettuccine seafood medley special. EXCELLENT. ALL OF IT. We enjoyed every last bite off of our plates. It paired perfectly with the wine we brought. Corkage fee is $25.00 for the first one and $20.00 for the second one. I didn't feel like wrestling my lobster so I had them shell it for me. Not a problem. They took it and brought it out almost immediately. It was perfect and my white clothing thanked me. I also asked for additional cheese for my dish (given my abnormal cheese obsession) They brought out grated parm and an additional plate with beautiful pieces of long shaved parm which my friends kept stealing. So fresh. So good. For dessert we ordered the lemon tart, tiramisu, donut and oversized chocolate chip cookie. I would say the lemon tart was the least favorite and the donut easily won, hands down. The chocolate chip cookie was served warm which was nice. Ended with some wonderful cortaditos and we were 4 very happy diners. The place is quaint and mostly whites and dark woods for the furniture. I feel it's disrespectful to see men dressed in shorts, caps and flip flops. It was Saturday night. Is that the best you can do? C'mon Miami! You can be casual but to dress the same you would for a Dolphins game is insulting. These were not tourists either. It was a really mixed crowd. You had families with their kids in tow and couples looking for a romantic dinner. I don't think it's a romantic place but that can easily be fixed by dimming the lights a little more. All in all, I really liked this place.   Next time though, I am calling ahead of time and reserving a Napoleon! (or two)
This neighborhood gem, down the street from our apartment is simply the best!  Wonderful food and great ambiance.  Great for lunch too!  We love it and they deliver!
Came here for my birthday- was a spontaneous trip the night of and was close to where I live. Wow where has this place been? It's a small hole in the wall but the good was pretty good! We sat outside as the sun was setting, def a cute place to take a date! I had the lasagna, in retrospect I probably wouldn't order that again- it was ok, the sauce was too much tomato-y for me,- the reason I have it 4 instead of 5 stars- but my friend who got the shrimp fettuccine Alfredo- now that was spectacular. They really know good Italian cooking, I wish I got to try more of it. Very well seasoned and not too thick- excellent Alfredo sauce. For dessert we shared a creme brûlée, that was perfect! Def recommend getting that. I def wanna come back here and try some of their other authentic Italian items that I haven't tried before.
The pizza was good, pasta was ok... A bit over rated.
Best Italian food, service, ambience, location...what else can I say!!! Fratelli Milano is unbelievable! The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and on top of your every need or want. The food is something to write home about!!! My husband and son had one of their many specials...it was a seafood dish with clams, shrimp, and  lobster tails served over a bed of pasta. It was cooked to perfection! The fish was cooked like butter! I had the pappardelle milano...this is sliced filet mignon, in a delicious red sauce, over a bed of pappardelle topped with goat cheese and truffle oil. It was amazing! My daughter had the lasagna, fresh pasta layered as you have come to know lasagna but they top that off and add a creamy bechamel sauce in between the layers!!! Every dish was amazing and served "beautiful" as the wait staff often says in their beautiful Italian accent. To end our evening we ordered 2 desserts...the bombolino, an Italian doughnut and a must have when you go here!,, and the tiramisu. You must save a tiny bit of room for dessert as these 2 desserts were off the chart deeeelish! Almost ordered a few bombolini's to go but our evening would not be over till late. We will be back again soon and would recommend Fratelli Milano as a must for a dinner in downtown Miami. It's around the block from the theatre district and the American Airlines Arena...great off the beaten path to eat, quiet, and very reasonably priced. Go, enjoy!!
Fettucini Alfredo with shrimp. 2nd best I've EVER had ( and my #1 was in Italy, sooo )Their freshly made pasta was oh-so-perfect. Customer service was excellent, and it was really nice to sit outside and take in the sights of downtown while enjoying a nice meal. (( Don't get the lasagne, though.. you can find much better elsewhere ))
"Chi mangia solo crepa solo." thankfully, i wasn't alone when i ate at fratelli milano. it would have been a shame not to share such great food with another human. after hearing nothing but great things about fratelli milano, i had to try it for myself. in case you're wondering, yes, it's everything people say it is. we started with a caprese salad which was fresh and tasty. the entrees we chose were: agnolotti di pollo and the fiocchi di pera. mama mia!!! both dishes were amazing. the fiocchi di pera was something i never could have even dreamed of...pasta with a hint of sweetness. it was so uberly perfect. i read several reviews that service was not great. this was not the case with me. service was friendly. this is as good as it gets!!!
Food was good. Service at "bar" was good.
Pros- hot manager also very professional, genuine and manages a great restaurant. This place has great food, ambiance, great service and a great find! Thanks for the recommendation yelp and all of the yelpers!! Spot on great!!  Oh and thanks sexy manager and owners for the great scenery ;)) Came back a year later a few times now on business to Miami. No Disappointments! Great food. Nice service. Fresh ingredients.  Definitely a favorite.
Take note of all the glowing reviews then (if you are close enough) sit back and decide what you're going to nosh on, then reach for the phone and order an Italian feast to be delivered to your door.
Fratelli Milano is one of the best Italian restaurants I have dined at and Italian cuisine is one of my favorites. I highly recommend the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio.  It was so good that I was tempted to lick my plate!  Great service and all the wait staff was friendly and helpful with suggestion.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Try the burrata pugliese - it is amazing! The waiters are very attentive and the food tastes like it was prepared with great attention to detail. Excellent food, excellent value.
awesome! so .. five star supper # 3. we were supposed to go to ceviche 105 but they were closed for plumbing problems. we decided to go to  fratelli then. this time i had the pleasure to share a table with stephanie, adri oh and ramon was there too hehe. we sat inside and discussed what to get for appetizers. we got the bruschetta with brie and prosciutto. 5 pieces. so each one ate a piece but me. i ate two. damn. im such a gentleman. hey i asked. im sure we ordered another appetizer i just cannot remember what it was cause i had been drinking rum and coke since 530pm and we ordered two bottles of wine at fratelli. so i dont really know.... all i remember is that it was good. everything. i went for the lasagna too. it came out steaming hot but it was so friggin good. my fellow yelpers agree with me. i also took a bite off adrianas pasta al scoglio and that was pretty yummy too. everything was. really. and the service was just right. helpful and attentive but we had enough space to clown around the way we did. good times, good company, great food. what else? five stars for sure. im so glad this place stays open for dinner here in downtown. we need more of that. really.
Great calamari and lobster ravioli.  Cannolis were awesome.
I am surprised to read so many thrilled individuals citing Fratelli as a bastion of italian cuisine. For me, it is about as 7/10, good but not great as Italian food can get. I have nothing against it but having tried their pastas, lasagne, pizza and meat, I have not been convinced that they can do the basic dishes to a high enough standard to warrant great reviews on the food. They are OK. The price, the venue and the service, however, are very good. It's a fail-safe option if you don't want your tastebuds to be too excited, but want something fairly dependable. I don't know of any situation in which this mantra applies to me personally, but knock yourself out. There are many good italian places in South Florida.
Hands down the best Italian Restaurant in South Florida. I suggest the Agnolotti di Pollo, de Pappardelle Milano, and the Tagliatelle Spiga all easily one of my favorite dishes. Also the service is exceptional you are attended from the moment you walk in the door until you walk out. I can't stress how much I love this place, definitely a hidden gem.
Wow! Small gem hidden in the middle of downtown.  The food was amazing and the service was amazing.  We had a great time.  Perfect for a first date or a birthday celebration with friends.  Very authentic, it was beautiful and all the staff eve spoke Itallian! The lobster ravioli was delish!
Yelp steered us RIGHT!  Awesome Italian foot, friendly staff, great deserts.  Well worth the visit. It's a smaller restaurant, so make a reservation or get there early.  We went with a large group and they treated us very well.  I wish I lived in the area, this would be a regular stop.
Just an absolute gem of a restaurant. Fairly small and unpretentious, but my goodness, the food ... The pastas are just spectacular. Service is wonderful as well. Highly recommended.
This place is just damn good. I don't think I could improve it. The service is great and the food is great. We started with the calamari and bruschetta. The calamari was crisp, not greasy and not chewy. The bruschetta was also crispy and not soaked through like it is at so many places. I ordered the Papperdelle with filet which was spot on. The bites I had from the others in my party were also great. The tortellini with a cheese and pear filling is ridiculously good.
The Beef Medallions with Gorgonzola sauce was delicious, but the Gorgonzola sauce was a bit overpowering.
Very nice environment. But that is not the best part, the food was delicious. We had the muzzles for appetizers and they were amazing. Then as the main course we had the Pollo Caprese and the Rissotto de Mare, they were both fantastic. Highly recommend this restaurant. They also have a very good wine selection and on top of all their service and great! 5 stars!
Cute little place! Romantic, nice ambiance and great service. The sage, pear and cheese pasta is delicious and the profiteroles were oh so good! We will definitely be back :)
Wow! Talk about accommodating...Thank you for taking care of the bachelorette party! Amazing food. Amazing service. Amazing going above and beyond services!
I am pending a change in state law so that I can legally marry this restaurant. It is fantastic, well priced and the service is great. I have no complaints and strongly recommend it.
This is one of the best Italian places in Miami! We have only done delivery (a million times) so we are looking forward to dine in too. My favorite dish is the seafood pasta dish it's so delicious! I always switch the pasta to parpadelle & have them make it in a white wine sauce (instead of red sauce) - amazing!!! They are great about special request or changing certain aspects of your meal. The delivery is quick too & the food is always fresh & hot. :)
The food is really really good. It is truly an Italian gem in Downtown Miami, and is a decent size. Any self-respecting 'foodie' must eat their fiochi di pera e taleggio, period. After that, you are free to choose anything else, but you will want to keep ordering this one dish.
What a great find! Small place in downtown Miami. Food is amazing! Prices are reasonable considering it is more upscale restaurant. The bread and tomato sauce are amazing to start and set the standards. Pasta is all home made. Pear and taleggio cheese stuffed pasta, lobster ravioli, and grilled sea bass are my favorites. Tip: if going for weekday lunch, show up early or prepare for a long wait. Weekends are not bad though. The service has always been great as well. Save room for desert!
I want my money back. This is the kind of stuff that makes me want to never go out and just cook. I am so upset. I order here because of the reviews and I am now ordering Papa Johns...smh almost $50 and have to reorder. There's a dish that I love which includes fettuccine  clams,mussels,scallops in white sauce. I tried this and it was not good at all. I can't finish it, it's dry and bland. My heart is so disappointed . I'm going to calinary school...lol my husband order lasagna and he's still looking for the meat. He says  they need to close tonight . I'm sorry, I have never wrote a review until now. I always find the good in everything. I don't know if you have a new cook but according to the reviews this is not what I was expecting. So upset!! I was really hoping for something great. We'll my piazza's at the door I have to go. Good Luck!!!
This review is hard to find a specific place to start. Soooo many good things to say about this place. But there was one bad. Gonna take you from start to finish on this great night. Unfortunately the bad was the first thing when we walked through the door. The host/FOH manager greeted us with a smug look and asked how many people were in our party. We said 6, he kind of rolled his eyes when we answered "no" to having reservations. There were 3 tables seated at this time and he said he couldn't seat us. We pushed a little and were finally seated at a 4 top and 2 of us at the bar. This is when the awesomeness started. I sat at the bar with my buddy and we started off with an Argentinian Malbec and the Pruosciutto e Capra (recommended by our waiter). Both were amazing. The prosciutto melted in your mouth, goat cheese superb, the peppers roasted perfectly, and the pesto oil seasoned the bread to magnificence. I wanted to order this for my entree. I overcame this desire and ordered Pappardelle Milano which was also recommended by our waiter. As his coworker was grabbing a beverage for her table she chimed in saying how amazing it was. I was sold before they told me that the pasta is handmade upstairs by one of the two brothers that runs this establishment this took it over the top for me.  He also hand makes the fresh pastries. The other brother is the head chef. The noodles were cooked perfectly and were so flavorful, Then you add in the flavors of the filet mignon, sun dried tomatoes, chianti wine, the already tried fantastic goat cheese, and truffle oil to the homemade tomato sauce and you have the best pasta dish I have ever had. My mouth is watering right now thinking through the experience. We finished off the night with a chocolate cake dessert, sorry I can't remember the name, that had a soft gooey center that melted in your mouth. It was served beautifully plated with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. I was super full so this was a shared dessert. Everyone that tried it went on and on about this decadent dish. So as you can see I'm a pretty big fan of this place. Every employee besides the manager provided stupendous customer service but he alone took my rating to 4 stars. I will say that this was the best Italian food I have had a chance to experience. The other people that I was with were thoroughly impressed also. Almost forgot! The prices weren't stupid crazy either.  We had an appetizer, two of their most expensive entrees (both of which were quite large), bottle of wine, and dessert brought us right around $100 before tip and totally worth it.
The wonderful reviews and the excellent word of mouth recommendations about this place, had definitely spiked my interest. There was no doubt in my mind it was going to be good, but the expectations were so high, that I was a bit nervous that it wouldn't live up to the expectations. All I can say is WOW !!! For starters, the service is simply fantastic, authentic, warm, inviting, made us feel very welcome since the moment we stepped in. Our good friends had not arrived yet, so we had a good opportunity to take a detailed look at the menu. There is something for every one here, for steak lovers, to pasta and vegetarians as well, and I am quite certain, that if you have a special request, they will gladly accommodate. Once our friends arrived, due to their familiarity with the owners and staff, the evening turned into a real treat, we spoke at length with the owner, the chef and the cheerful waitstaff, again, everyone making us feel quite at home. Now, for the meal, for starters, we had the calamari, unique, and delicious - then we moved to the main course, I opted for the Special, a steak that was so tender, a knife was not even necessary, the pasta is all made here and is soft and cooked just right. Very reasonably priced, excellent food and great service, this is my new favorite place in Miami !!
Went here to celebrate my birthday after looking at several reviews and pictures. I made a reservation and we were promptly seated upon getting there. We ordered a Carpaccio di Manzo to start off. It was okay but definitely not among the best I've had in Miami. For my entree I ordered one of the specials, the Crab Ravioli. It was very good and the portion was reasonable. Same with the Lobster Ravioli, which was ordered by my sister, and I got to try. For desert we got the lava cake with vanilla ice cream (forgot what the Italian name was). It was not warm enough for my taste, but at least it was good. So why only 3 stars? I felt a little mislead after reading the reviews. I was expecting something intimate like it was, but more I guess the word is "Italian." For example, they have pizza but they are not made in a brick-oven. Olive oil and vinegar were not on the tables and were only brought upon request. Simple things, but for me they make a difference. Would come back if I'm around, but would not purposely go there.
It all started with our quest for a good place to have a filling pasta dinner the night before the ING.  After reading the reviews, I decided this was a must try.  The decor is simple, but elegant muted walls with large hanging cream lamps and black and white photos.  The meal began with hot and fresh bread and a sun-dried tomato and olive oil sauce.  I'm not personally a huge bread fan (yes I'm aware this is strange), but everyone else really enjoyed it.  Since I had heard that they make their own pasta, I decided I had to go with that.  I ordered the pappardelle milano, which came with perfectly cooked slices of filet mignon and a Chianti wine sauce that was a wonderful complement to the meat and the pasta.  My boyfriend had the pollo farcito and it too was incredible.  Chicken breast stuffed with spinach, ricotta and pine nuts and wrapped in prosciutto?  How can you go wrong.  It was well cooked, well seasoned and a great flavor combination.  The only tiny niggle, was that he was a tinsy bit hungry still, and ended up eating the rest of my pasta (which was too much for me).  A friend we were with got the lasagna, and another tried the Fiocchi di pera...both were really happy with their selections.  I tried some of both and was instantly jealous of the Fiocchi di pera which I made sure to get the next time I went back for lunch.  It is on the sweeter side with the pears, but not at all grainy and bland like others I've had like this are.  The taleggio added just the right hint of saltiness, and the pasta was amazing.  Since I've been we've tried a few of the desserts and the tiramisu has been my favorite thus far.  Light, rich and creamy, without being overly sweet, it is the epitome of what tiramisu should be. The wine list is wonderful and the waiters are very helpful if you would like a recommendation.  Unpretentious and scrumptious, some of the best Italian food I've had outside of Italy.
First time here and the atmosphere is quaint but brimming with energy. The fried calamari appetizer with zucchini was just ok- it lacked flavor. However, the filet medallions with Gorgonzola sauce, sautéed spinach and roasted potatoes were delicious! The meat was well done, although I ordered medium, but the combination of sauce with meat and veggies was so terrific, I didn't care. I wouldn't say it was the best Italian I have eaten but it was good. The service was outstanding though.
I went back to try this place again because of all the amazing reviews.  Last time I went the chef over seasoned my dish and left it pretty much not edible. I would give this place 5 stars, but you lost of star for the lousy squishy bread that is definitely not made there. I ordered the same dish the seafood pasta with shrimp, calamari, scallop, and mussels for $19.  You cant beat the prices for the amount of food and quality. Went in with a 9:30 reservation every table Saturday night was taken. I thought we were going to wait 30 minutes but were sat within 3 minutes of arriving. The service is good, and you got my business. Now change your bread and you deserve 5 stars !
If you are downtown in Miami, this is a great place to stop for a very good and fast dinner.  Small but very nice, with a great selection of Italian dishes on the menu, and with on-street parking right in front.  I knew this was good because it had 4+ stars with over 400 reviews.  I ordered the Lasagne and it wasn't exactly what I expected, it had a little too much cheese for my taste, but it was excellent and was provided very fast with excellent service. I do plan on returning because there were several things on the menu I just have to try.  Within walking distance of the Marriott Marquis and most of the best hotels in the area.
The restaurant is small but cozy with romantic lighting at night... We ordered to go. I had the lasagna and it was delicious. I also tried the four cheese pizza and it was a bit salty for my taste. It was fun and difficult (I wanted to try them all) choosing my dessert, they are displayed in the counter, I love being able to see what I am ordering. I had the chocolate covered creme puffs which were delicious and the pana cotta (yes, I had to have at least more than one). The staff was very friendly and welcoming. They were happy to give us suggestions on what to order. I want to try their pear pasta next time, it sounded really good but I was in the mood for lasagna.
You can tell this is a good place when waiter speaks Italian, they play Italian pop music, local Italian stops by to get a table and they are turn away because there's no table! But if you're luck to get a table, this is one of the best Italian restaurant for a meal!
Just a great local restaurant.  Family owned.  Small, but it runs like a well-oiled machine. The service is fantastic.  Always very fresh food.  Finish with a great espresso.
Came here for lunch a few times and I must say it's pretty good. If possible try to come a few minutes before the lunch crowd or else you'll not find a seat. What to say? I've had a few of their pastas and everything always comes out very well prepared and cooked. The service was quick, polite and attentive.This place deserves it's near 5 star rating. The only lunch pasta I didnt love was the Fiocchi de Pera e Taleggio. It was really good, but leaned towards the sweeter side. I only made it through half the dish before it started getting too sweet for me. On the other hand, their Fettuccine allo Scoglio was pretty good and probably my favorite out of their lunch pastas. Overall, a good place to come and eat and I know I'll be back there soon again.
Excellent calamari, everyone enjoyed their food and the atmosphere is friendly without getting too noisy.
Amazing!!! Pear ravioli!!! No joke!!! Soooooo yummy !!! Lunch time is very very busy... Probably one of the busier places in downtown so make sure you plan accordingly... Lots of shade... Almost no direct sunlight which is a plus...  Night time had an intimate vibe... Candle lite and possibly romantic... Depending entirely on who you are with... Lol.. Overall win win win of a place.. Correction! I spoke to soon with this review and will only review a place after I've left at this point moving forward.. Had to downgrade them. Food is amazing.. Service is a lil shitty... And they had the audacity to charge a sharing charge on top of an 60$ bill.. I told the waiter it was the point and he shrugged it off and didn't make any attempt to change it.. None at all.. So my question is this... Are you sitting there counting how many fork off food are shared?!?! Reeeeeediiiiccccuuuuloussss! I won't be going back.. And if I have a craving for the lil pear things... I will order pick up or go to perricones in brickel..
A must try, a quaint tucked away bistro offering Italian delights in Downtown Miami. There is ALWAYS a wait for lunch but call the charming Fiorella and she will happily reserve you a seat and advice on the wait times. Fresh pastas are made daily at this small elbow bumping bistro. However, even though it's always filled with clients, service is prompt and they never cut corners on portions and taste.  The price is also right; do try the heavenly Quattro Formaggi a four cheese freshly made pizza including mozzarella, fontina, gorgonzola and parmigiano topped with fresh slices of tomato. Also try the homemade lasagna, and agnolotti stuffed with chicken fresh herbs and cheese, one of my favorites. Traditional chicken Milanese, (Classico Milano) also deserves a round of applause.   For starters try the never disappointing daily soup or a salad, I prefer the caprese fresh sliced tomatoes, mozzarella and basil topped with extra virgin oil and aged balsamic vinegar. Do save room for desert. Twin chefs stir up Italian classic pastries like the mouth watering tiramisu.
My boyfriend and I came here for Valentines day for the first time . EXCELLENT food EXCELLENT service . Looking forward to coming here again !
I walked in by myself on a Friday night. The place was full but I sat at the bar immediately. I don't need to go into detail here. Everything was absolutely amazing and shockingly affordable. I would put this up there with any of the best Italian food I have ever had. Go here!
Amazing Italian food!! The pizza out of this world!! Truly master pizza makers. And the do delivery!
Nice little place in Downtown, very unexpected place in the area.  It's nice to find great food in such a small and cozy place like Fratelli Milano.  We were a party of 3 we ordered, seafood risotto, pasta and veal.  The pasta was very fresh, is that taste and flavor that you know it's fresh pasta... yummi!!! fresh pasta makes a HUGE difference on the dishes, that Fratelli Milano has me hooked on their pasta!  The risotto was very good, all seafood was very fresh, and great flavor too!!!  Prices are very affordable, it's a deal for the quality of food your getting!!
The host was incredibly rude and unwilling to accomodate a party of 3 at 6PM when the place was half empty. This is not the first time we get this kind of attitude from this place so we naturally walked out. The quality of their food is not worth the pompous attitude and poor customer service.
This place is nothing short of AMAZING! Words can not describe how good the food was and the service was on point as well. Prices are reasonable. This is a GEM!
Great food in downtown Miami.  Reasonably quick for lunch and won't leave you in a food coma, unless you order alfredo! All of the salads are very tasty.  The shrimp and spinach salad is excellent.  It comes with shaved parmasean cheese and tomatoes.  The lemony vinaigrette is perfect for the salad. Delish! I also recommend the gnocchi with pink sauce.  A friend recently ordered gnocchi with pesto and found it equally as delicious. The pear and cheese pasta is also unique and tasty. Make sure to ask for bread because it comes with really delicious sun-dried tomato ragu that is awesome! This place also has outside seating which is great, except in the summer when downtown is boiling.  Wait times can be kind of long at peak lunch times. DELIVERS to offices in downtown Miami for dinner.  Clutch if you want great food while stuck in your office for a late night.
Couldn't agree more with Zehl V! This is BY FAR the best italian in Miami for the money. The service is EXCELLENT...we walked in 5 minutes before the kitchen closed and did not feel rushed in the slightest. On the contrary, the service was quick, warm, and attentive. The food was fresh and excellent, with perfect al dente pasta, great bread, flavorful but not oily veggies, and well-seasoned meats. If I hadn't just moved out of Miami, I would definitely be a regular here.
Gorgonzola to die for. Best I have ever had. Giving four stars only because they were out of tirimisu.
The lasagna is the bomb and the dish with the pear pasta is awesome too. Service was great although rumor is the busier they get with all the good reviews the more the service takes a dive. Either way, they get 4 stars from me because their food is awesome and they haven't done wrong by me...yet.
After reading so many great reviews I finally had the opportunity to check this place out. Parking was a bit hard to find...but then again, it is in brickell. The inside decor is simple yet cozy. Now onto the important part...the food! This time i tried the pear stuffed ravioli and the panna cotta dessert...both options were quite tasty! I would have preferred a bit more sauce on my ravioli but I didn't mind. The pana cotta on the other hand, was DELICIOUS! Overall, we had a great time.
Maybe the best Tomato Sauce I have ever had.
The food was exactly what I was hoping for. Although I thought the wait would ruin the night, the quality and speed of the service met the demand. I hope it doesn't get too much more popular, I want all the tortellini with ham and peas all to myself. The atmosphere is pretty nice, but the crowds hold me back from rating at five stars. Overall, I would recommend Fratelli Milano to any foodie in need of some Italian.
I went once for lunch and it was great.  I have been wanting to go back but I just haven't gone yet because I don't live or work in the area, but if I did, I'd be there all the time.  The ambiance is great, food delicious, and service was good. Definitely recommend it.
Ammmmaaaaaaaazzzzzing. You know its good when Italians frequent the restaurant. Great atmosphere, very good food, nice and friendly service. I had the capricciosa Pizza and substituted the ham with prosciutto. Divine. It is a great. A little bit of Europe in the States. I will be back.
They have magically delicious food!
Good food. Decent service. Casual ambiance.  Great value. This downtown Italian run by two brothers serves up solid Italian fare on SE1st, not a particularly trendy area, but this little place could be a magnet and an anchor for the otherwise uninspired block. Lowlights:  Sidewalk tables don't have great views on this boring downtown area.  Pizza crust is good but not crusty, delish and bubbly like Napoli.  Coffee is forgettable.  Parking is streetside or in a lot across the street. Highlights:  Service is by an attentive Italian staff.  Overall good quality food.  Decent, not expensive wine list.  Buratta salad is great with a balsamic drizzle.  Salmon is huge and well prepared.  Pastas are home made and very tasty.  Value is very good. Make a reservation.  Sit inside.  Enjoy the nice service and the good food. Fratelli is a worthy, mostly authentic casual Italian establishment in the downtown Miami neighborhood.  You won't be disappointed, so mangia e cent anni!!!
Excellent! five stars!!Discovered this place about 1 month ago, I am hooked! this is the most delicious food I have eaten in a long time. Delicious homemade pasta, fresh homemade breads and sauces,  it does not get better than this!   If I was on death row, and could eat one last meal , it would be the Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo & the Mista Verde salad. Fratelli Milano we love you! Thank you for being in Miami , you are a great addition to Downtown Miami! Delivery is fast and free!
I have to digress that I used to go to Fratelli's really often for lunch until the service went downhill, their prices went up a lot while the portion sizes got smaller. I used to get a half order of pasta, and the last time I ordered it I had a pathetic plate of maybe 6 pieces of farfalle on my plate that I scarfed down in two minutes - no exaggeration. When I asked the waiter why the portion size was tiny he said they are trying to discourage people from ordering half orders - yet I would have appreciated if he mentioned that before ordering. Also, while the soups are generally good, a couple of times it was so salty it was completely inedible. I've ordered the lasagna twice now and its cold in the center, probably because its microwaved - such a disappointment for $15. One day at lunchtime my boyfriend and I went inside and there was an empty table with four seats. When we asked if we could sit there, the reply was "that's a table for four" -so we walked out and ate someplace else. They still cook up some good pasta, just wish they treated their long time loyal customers better.
Food was great. Tried several dishes and all were well done. I ordered the seafood risotto which was delicious. Deserts were also very good. Menu had a wide selection of items. Its a middle of downtown so parking can be difficult.
I never had dinner at the restaurant But I had ordered delivery an hundreds times The food is very good The pizzas are delicious and thin The pasta are great. For me one of the best Italian in town
My Fiance recently brought me to Fratelli for Valentine's Day, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and service!  It's hard to find quality food and service in South Florida for a reasonable price!  I would say this place is mid range in price but food quality and creativity is far superior.  Only downfall is the parking situation, but hey that comes with the territory in Downtown.  Definitely want to return!
This just may be my new favorite restaurant.. if only it was closer to my house. I went on a saturday night for dinner with my boyfriend. The restaurant is not big, its an intimate setting, super cute place. The prices are very reasonable (especially the wine prices). And the food is DELICIOUS.  Service was great and everything came out quick.  Would definitely recommend to any one who is craving delicious Italian food. I cant wait to go back.
Yum. Came for lunch on a rainy day and the place was packed. Service was friendly and very efficient. They serve you complementary really soft bread with a unexpectedly amazing and flavorful cold tomato sauce. I ordered the classic Milano panini which was awesome. It was basically chicken parmigiana stuffed in a thick soft roll and grilled. the chicken was super crispy and the sandwich was huge. I took half home. It came with fried potato slices which I thought was a really weird choice that didn't go at all. I would have much preferred some greens, but I didn't even see a side salad on the lunch menu to add it on. My companion got a pizza, it was super thin crusted and cheesy. The deserts in the case as well as everything the waiters brought out looked delic. I'd def return.
Probably the best Italian food I had outside Italy! since getting introduced by my amazing boyfriend I have gone at least half a dozen times. The food is very authentic (event the staff) and the wine selection is perfect with the food. I had everything from the soup, to the calamari, to the pasta and nothing was disappointing.  Everything was cooked to perfection and delicious. The portion sizes are huge so be prepared to take some home. The only real complaint is that the place is always packed, everyone must love it as much as I do! So be prepared to make a reservation or wait especially for dinner. This is definitely on my go-to list of Italian restaurants in Miami and I can't wait to go back soon!
In terms of location and decor, this is more of a neighborhood lunch place than a dinner place, but the food is quite good.  I like their pasta and my wife likes their salads, although it is the type of place where everything on the menu is probably pretty good because of the care they obviously put into preparing the food.  If you are in the neighborhood and looking for somewhere to grab a delicious Italian luch, then I would highly recommend Fratelli Milano.
I am definitely in the minority, but if there is one over-rated restaurant in downtown, it's Fratelli Miliano. I don't like this place. The wait time is long, at least 20 minutes, and for lunch, that's not acceptable. The tables are so close together, you're elbow to elbow with your neighbor. I work downtown, so if you have to discuss business, stay away. You have no privacy. And it's loud with a lot of chattering and china clinking. I never feel relaxed here. There has to be at least 10 Italian restaurants downtown, 1-2 at every block and Fratelli's is the most expensive. The last time I ate here, I had a mozzarella and pasta dish that was so salty, it was hardly edible. That was pretty much the last straw for me and I haven't returned. Other dishes were good, but for an entire dining experience, there are far better places. La Loggia has been in the area longer (by the courthouse) and has much better food and ambiance than this overrated, congested place.
Our table had the Agnolotti di pollo and the pappardelle milano perfectly paired with a bottle of Pinot grigio and Garibaldi pizza...perfection rarely needs details. The end.
I just came back from a week in Rome, where, naturally, I ate lots of Italian food. Some was ok, some was great. With that perspective in mind, I feel compelled to write a review about this excellent Italian restaurant in Miami. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal. It has been several months since we came back from Miami, so I forget which salad we ordered, but it was very good. I do remember, very clearly, the fantastic pear fiochi that I ordered as my main course, and I see that others have reviewed it. This is a mildly flavored dish, that has such a complex and fantastic flavor, I savored every bite. The combination of pear, the creaminess of the sauce, and the fresh sage - which does well more than decorate the dish - make this dish one of the best pasta dishes I have ever had. My wife ordered a linguini dish with red sauce, which was simple and delicious, like Italian food needs to be. We had very nice wine with the meal, and the restaurant's staff was very professional and courteous. The outdoor sitting was very nice, in a relatively quite street that's still in the heart of Miami. This was by a mile the best Italian meal I have had outside of Italy!
Was here on March 5 for lunch and returned a couple of nights later for dinner. Got the sausage pizza. Burrata pugliese and carpaccio di Manzo. Eat the pappardelle Milano. All excellent. Everyone in the group loved what they ordered. I don't think you can go wrong here.
Excellent food and service. We went on a Friday for lunch, and despite the crowd, only waited about 25min for a table. The fresh bread at the table is warm and served with a roasted tomato sauce. We split the arugula salad with pear as an appetizer (delicious and perfect portion for 2ppl). We also ordered the tortellini with ham & peas (so creamy), and tagneletti with pear & cheese (they do pear dishes well, little on the sweeter side/lighter sauce). The service is very attentive, not only from your own server, but all the servers and busboys. Next time I'm in Miami, I'll definitely visit again.
One of the few good places to eat when you are stuck working downtown.  It's small and fills up quickly, so either get their early or order take out to go.  My favorite is the veggie panini, with grilled vegetables and mozzarella on crunchy, chewy bread with aioli.  Yum!  Not too expensive either, especially for overpriced downtown.
I have to say that my last few experiences here as a local in the Downtown area have been disappointing. This place is forgetting the golden rule of customer service and instead replacing it with a pompous attitude for a place that is simply OK and not all that... The host here was rude and unaccommodating, food is decent but not worth it if your dining experience is served with a side of attitude.
It's all been said but just thought I'd chime in to confirm. Outstanding quality! Scrumptious flavor. Winner. Go. Now
So delicious! I only wish I could eat pasta. Sadly, I'm strictly GF or I would be here at least once a month! Came here with a group of 10 for my birthday dinner and was not disappointed. They were very accommodating and held our table while me and most of my guests were half hour late due to an accident on I-95. I was really surprised at how busy this place was on a Friday night in downtown Miami, but now I understand why--the food is just that good! We started with wine and appetizers. I had the arugula and goat cheese salad which was very tasty. I also had a bite of someone else's fresh burrata and it was really nice. For dinner I had the seabass which was covered in such a flavorful tomato sauce rich with the taste of fresh herbs. It came on top of potatoes, asparagus, bok choy, broccoli, baby zucchini and carrots. Everything was cooked to perfection and delicious. The portion of fish was quite large and I struggled to finish what was on my plate knowing that I would not be able to take it home. After dinner the wait staff came out singing with a gorgeously decorated plate containing a small dish of creme brulee, which was so good that we ordered one more for the table along with a few other desserts. The wait staff was really helpful and attentive. For as many birthdays as they had that night and as busy as they were they easily could have been cranky, but from start to finish we had very friendly service. I was also pleasantly surprised by the decor. The ambiance is much nicer than the pics posted on the web. If only I lived closer I would eat here more often. This is definitely on my go-to list of Italian restaurants in Miami and I can't wait return soon!
This place is pretty good. I really appreciate the freshly made pastas. The service is good, the ambiance is dim and intimate, the food is fresh with high quality ingredients. The owners and employees are actually Italian!! This makes it legit! Parking is rough, prices are slightly high, but overall well worth everything and is a good place for a quiet nice dinner with friends or a lover.
This is my review #400; I am glad I could place my review for Fratelli Milano here.  I think that it is appropriate as a milestone marker.  I am ALWAYS apprehensive about a place that has so many high marks from so many different people.  Can it really be THAT good?  Truth be told, I was on my way to Soya e Pomodoro, but found they were closed and as I was trying to find my way home through the maze of one-way downtown streets, I saw Fratelli Milano.  Now, that normally wouldn't be a reason to stop, but there was a parking spot directly out front on a busy night -- this was destiny telling me that I HAD to stop.  And so we stopped for dinner. We sat outside and were greeted with smiles and open menus.  After hearing the specials and receiving toast with an olive oil and sun dried tomato mixture and butter, we ordered our drinks and a soup: Garbanzo/Chicken soup Coke Nero D'avola As we awaited our preliminary order, we dove into the toast and side items while trying to decide on our entrees.  The toast (which appeared to be bruschetta toast) dipped in the olive oil and sun dried tomato mixture was quite good.  A little butter only added depth to it.  Our drinks and soup arrived and we were ready to order dinner: Lasagna Scaloppine al Limone The smell of the wine was intoxicatingly wonderful.  I wish that the flavor was as bountiful as the smell or that the wine didn't smell so good so that the flavor wouldn't have been so anti-climactic -- it tasted fine, I just expected more.  The soup was quite good.  The garbanzos in the soup were actually cooked all the way through and were not in the least hard nor mushy.  The overall flavor of the chicken and vegetables was good.  As we waited for our entrees, we slowly ate the bowl of soup while eating the toast. As we finished the soup, our entrees arrived.  I must say that I didn't care for the lasagna; but this was solely due to the sausage -- I don't like Italian sausage.  My friend really enjoyed it, though he did say that he wished it had a little less fennel in it.  The scaloppine al limone was quite good.  Not the best I have ever had, but very near it.  The wine, butter, lemon, and capers were all in a wonderful balance and the veal was not overly breaded nor was its flavor lost in the sauce.   My scaloppine was accompanied by a side of greens with goat cheese and dressing and some herbed potatoes.  The greens didn't taste bad and I enjoyed the goat cheese (not feta) immensely.  The potatoes were okay, but they tasted like something you could get at Maria's on Coral Way -- I enjoy Maria's potatoes more.  The overall taste of the entree, though, was just really good.  I have such a hard time finding a good lemon-wine sauce since it is so difficult for people to get the balance right.   At the end of the meal, our server told us about all of the desserts.  We ordered chocolate cake and were then told that it was sold out.  I think this was destiny again interceding to make certain we try something new.  Our server went ahead and suggested the profiterol -- a puff pastry filled with cream and covered in chocolate and almond cream.   After a slight break from eating, a large plate filled with 5 puffs was brought to our table.  The flavor was amazing.  This is not a sweet dessert, it is filled with wonderous flavor that is then punctuated by the sweetness of the strawberry at the center of the plate.  I must get this dessert again. I was quite happy with this restaurant and I will definitely be returning.  I can truthfully say that it is no comparison to Soya e Pomodoro since they are two entirely different entities.  You could never go to one expecting to get the same food that you received at the other since they serve different entrees.
Love Frateli Milano. The fresh pasta is just  amazing especially the chicken agnolotti. There's not much I can say that hasn't been said. If you haven't been, you are missing a gem of a restaurant in downtown.
The food here is AWESOME. Forget about ambiance, service, price point, trendiness, convenience, cleanliness, consistency and any other factors that can make or break an experience when dining out. The food at Fratelli Milano is simply exquisite. The pasta is all homemade. The ingredients are all fresh. The combinations of flavors: simply divine. The Fiocchi Di Pera E Taleggio is my favorite and the Pappardelle Milano is my honey's. That other stuff I mentioned before? The hard-to-gets in Miami, like service, and consistency. At Fratelli Milano, all good as well. Habitually good, in fact. So dang good, I have no complaints to offer you. Well, except I'd like if they delivered to the beach. Bottom Line: An excellent value and phenomenal food welcome everyone to this cozy locals' favorite.
I dont often write reviews... but when I do, they are worth reading. I was looking for an Italian place to go to on a Friday night and I picked this from all the other yelp reviews I read. It was particularly useful that you could set your reservation on here too. For being a Friday night, this place wasn't super packed. Having a reservation was nice but probably not needed. We were sat right away and our waiter, David, answered all the 109435 questions we had. Be sure to get David. ` Let me start off with everything is HOMEMADE. Who cares you say? Just wait until you taste their food. Originally we were planning on getting the bruschetta to start off, but they brought us some bread and tomato sauce that really hit the spot. The tomato sauce was basically the opposite of bland. It was packed with so much flavor, I pretty much licked the little dish clean. I ordered the gnocchetti al gusto in the pink sauce. o.m.g. The little potato dumplings pretty much just melted in my mouth. I had never had pasta so fresh before and that's when I realized what homemade really meant. The portion was large enough to take home leftovers, so I really had to hold myself back from finishing the whole thing in one sitting. My boyfriend got the fettuccine allo scoglio which was a seafood pasta dish. shrimp, scallops, calamari, mussels. wow. I cant even put into words what it tasted like. Just get it for yourself if you are into that type of thing. When they brought out the dessert menu, I was prepared to politely decline but their options sounded so good I had to try something. We got the cannoli and the "cream puffs" as my boyfriend called them. Good, but the entrees were clearly the star of the whole meal. At the end, David even gave us an espresso on the house! Now down to the nitty gritty: Very reasonably priced for the quality of the food. The pasta dishes ranged from $14-20. Desserts were anywhere from $3-6. I honestly didnt even look at the other items too closely but I doubt any of the other options were more than $25. Dress code was nice but not fancy. The owner was fresh off the boat Italian, which clearly came out in the food. This isn't Olive Garden where they melt 5 cheeses over some pasta and call it a dish. If you are craving good Italian food, I would definitely go here. I can't wait to go back.
I have this crazy Korean friend who can house 4 meals in one sitting with no problem. She's the type who, on a date, would probably eat her prey were he to "order for the table." So fixated is she on the menu options, that she carefully screens her friends though a meal. Those who can eat = friends, those who care not about food = pathetic wastes of a good meal companion. So, knowing this, when Nam texted me: "I want Italian tonight. I'm tired." I had to pick a spot that could offer a hearty, homemade saucy, carb-filled dish. The "I'm tired" suggested it couldn't be fancy. She was looking to house something honest to goodness and then fall into a merciless food coma. "I know just the spot." Off to Fratelli Milano we sped, me holding her hand the entire way assuring her that hunger pangs weren't in vain. It's cozy, minimalist and welcoming. But the ambiance was a little confusing. Friends have raved about Fratelli Milano during the lunch rush, but it was almost as though they hadn't prepared the space for dinner. Dimmer lighting and candles would have been all they needed to make it feel slightly more dinner-ready. Nevertheless, the food was the focus and the caprese salad came out first with a "sample" bowl of their meat sauce. Freshly sliced tomatoes, juicy and crisp, along with mozzarella fior di latte (unlike mozzarella di bufala in that it's made from fresh pasteurized or unpasteurized cow's milk rather than buffalo milk). The meat sauce, while not on the menu, was flavorfully balanced offering just the right meat to vegetables ratio. My Bucatini San Babila dish featured my favorite kind of pasta (thicker tubular spaghetti), with sweet Italian sausage, broccoli, garlic, pecorino cheese and fresh tomato sauce. Really toothsome. Nam's Fettuccine Allo Scoglio disappeared on her plate before I was able to steal a taste, but she seemed to thoroughly enjoy the homemade fettuccine, sauteed shrimp, scallops, calamari and mussels in a light white wine and fresh tomato sauce. The margarita pizza might have been overly cheesed and slightly over cooked, so perhaps sticking to the pasta dishes is the way to go here. All in all, a choice spot for a belly-warming meal at the right price point.
We ordered takeout from this place as it is about a mile from the house and has a bunch of really glowing reviews. My wife loves Italian food, so this is a good find for her. As for me, I like Italian, but rarely crave it (except for pizza).  I ended up having their skirt steak with a chimichurri sauce. Not really too Italian, but whatever... It's what I wanted for dinner tonight.  It was a well seasoned and well cooked steak. Good stuff. This place is relatively pricey. Over $40 for 2 entrees with nothing else. The food was pretty good though.
If you work downtown, you know how hard it is to find a place that offers good affordable food and good service.  There's not too many choices within walking distance of one's office if you want something more than a sandwich. Fratelli Milano is a diamond in the rough.  This little cafe offers tasty meals that are beautifully presented.  I usually have the grilled chicken (pollo diavola) that resembles a chicken paillard.  The dishes are well seasoned and so generous that the place anticipates that people might want to share and charge a $2.50 sharing charge.  With so many tasty options, I can't imagine anyone wanting to share a single plate. The pizza is also pretty amazing.  Flaky thin crust with a delicious sauce and just the right amount of cheese.  My friend forced me to have the profiteroles and I'm glad he did.  3 cream puffy things came out on a single plate and my jaw dropped.  I usually don't like cream-puffy things but these definitely changed my mind. This is my go-to place for when I want to treat myself (or colleagues/co-workers) to a full hour for lunch during the work week.  They also deliver with only $5 minimum!
As always, outstanding food. The margarita pizza is so crisp and the variety of cheeses makes it very unique compared to other margaritas pizzas I've had. The traditional bruschetta is good, but I would like it more if it had a balsamic glaze of some sort ontop. I had the mixed green salad with grilled chicken and the soup of the day, which was a shredded chicken and corn soup. Both were so delicious. Others at our table had the lasagna, always a great choice, the pear stuffed pasta which was very unique and tasty, and the blackened grouper with pasta which I didn't get a bite of, I think because it was too good to share :)
I have to update to 5 stars. I have been to sooo many less-authentic, less-delicious, less-hidden treasury italian restaurants in miami that I finally realized just how much I  love Fratelli. I am constantly drawing mental comparisons between these inferior establishments and Fratelli and I always come to the same conclusion: Fratelli Milano is by far the best.
Here and Ill Gabbiano are must try spots for Italian in Miami I went on a weeknight and the area its located in was very dead, even though it's downtown Mia, and seemingly the only people on the surrounding streets were the hallucinating homeless that have now made the city the zombie capital of the world. The area itself didn't give off good vibes but maybe its different on a weekend. The generic green drape on top of the restaurant scared me a little and so did the display case of desserts at the front door, even though the desserts looked pretty good those display cases just aren't a good look for a restaurant, let me at least think my dessert is freshly made.The restaurant itself isn't too fancy and is actually probably lacking some decor, but at the same time it's kind of refreshing when comparing it to over the top not so good for dining atmospheres like Solita and Cafe Martorano's. It definitely did not give off a feel of an Italian restaurant, but its all gravy as long as the food is on point. All the people working here seemed to be Italian or were just really good actors, our server was like Furio from the Sopranos, thick accent long pony tail that just added to the realness of this place. The portions weren't huge but the flavors, freshness, and quality of the sauce and pastas were all damn good. Quality over quantity. Supposedly the pastas are homemade and if so that just adds to the appeal and makes the outcome of food more impressive. The gnocchi and sauce was very good and I would surely order again. The seafood linguine had a good amount of seafood but was mostly calamari and could've used another piece of shrimp or 2 but the flavors were great. The free bread served was average and that was a bit of a disappointment and we left full without even trying dessert. The price of the food was very good considering the quality and there are much worse places charging much more. I was disappointing not to see chicken parm on the menu, maybe its not authentic enough, but next time I'll ask if they can make some because they had no problem doing it at Ill Gabbianos. Cant wait to go back, if craving Italian and in Miami then its for sure a must try. I prefer Ill Gabby's but that's definitely not a knock on here.
Was lucky enough to have dinner here with fellow Power Couple, Dom and Michelle and it was quite an experience    First of all, entering here with Dom was scene out of some mafia movie     As soon as he walked in the staffers all started to scurry about and making preperations for the Godfather of Yelp     Some goons came from the back of the house, grabbed some unexpecting mope by the back of the neck and escorted the poor sap to a table that I expect was in the alley      A table that was especially decorated in Dom's favorite colors and candles came out of nowhere and we were promptly seated The experience got better from there    Service was great and not because of who we were with///sarcasm///  The waiter came over and got our drinks and apps quickly, delivered drinks and gave advice on specials, got entree orders, came back with said apps and offered refills of water and some suggestions for the us who have not been here before      He was a proffesional, present but not over-bearing and as the night went on, he gave us our time to sit there and enjoy our meal Enough has been said of the food    Its fresh, delicious and plentiful    what more can you ask for Yes this experience might have been enhanced by the company but that's not my fault that I have awesome friends    Thank you so much for an awesome evening, Jenny and I really appreciated it     I can't wait to return the favor by taking you to Chico's in Hialeah
*** 3.5 stars*** I'm starting to wonder if I am just missing something a lot of the time.  Perhaps I allow yelp to heighten my expectations.  I don't really have much to complain about but I also don't have much to rave about either.  I was going to to dinner with a friend of mine who was in Miami for the month and was heading home the following day.  I suggested Fratelli Lyon but she was staying downtown and was without a car and suggested this place and I had never been and was eager to try it.  We had an 8 o'clock reservation and we got there and were given the worst table in the joint - and the joint was pretty empty.  I asked nicely if there was something else and there was a nice table by the window but they wouldn't give it to us because it was special and another one or outside.  It really wasn't a big deal though and they ended up giving us a free desert which i thought was great.  The food was solid but definitely nothing out of this world.  We got the fried calamari to start and it was good with a few pieces of zucchini thrown in.  I got the lobster ravioli and she got the special seafood pasta in spicy sauce.  The pastas were very fresh and hers came with a lot of seafood.  The ravioli was tasty but the vodka sauce wasn't all that great.   We got a chocolate thing for desert - like a little cake filled with chocolate sauce - i am not a chocolate person AT ALL so i have no idea what its called but she said it was good.   The bottom line is the place is good - no doubt about it.  The service was good and the were very nice to comp us a desert just because we requested a table away from the entrance when there were others available.  I just didn't see the reason for all the 4 and 5 star reviews.  I definitely prefer Fratelli Lyon and since I live in the DD i can't imagine myself heading here when I have at the very least comparable if not better italian in the hood.
Warning: This review is written by a huge fan of Italian food and carbs. Fratelli Milano was my choice restaurant for a birthday dinner. I was really nervous since I was taking my very food-conservative and opinionated parents. Long story short - you make my mom happy, you make everyone happy. This isn't a big fancy restaurant. From the outside it looks a little hole-in-the-wallish, but once inside you realize that this is what a typical European restaurant looks like. Small yet homey. As far as the food -- everyone in my party was extremely content with their meal. We had an assortment of pasta dishes which were all savory in ways I could not imagine. I consider myself a spaghetti connoisseur, and I can safely say that Fratelli Milano's menu was off-the-charts awesome. The wine was great. The Tiramisu was great. Even their plain vanilla ice cream was amazing. They just do simple things right. The other real star here is the service. Our server was incredibly funny, attentive and welcoming. Overall, perfect experience.
I imagine this place to have a basement with a mob boss in it!...totally  kidding. It had a beautiful interior and the staff was (authentic Italian) and pleasant. To top it off, the food is superb! The Papardelle Milano was simply the best Italian dish I've ever had.If you are on a budget, but crave high-quality Italian, check this joint out.
Everything I tried was a delight for my taste buds I haven't payed yet but it is worth every penny
The service excellent and so was the food. I only wish they had malbec's by the glass. I had calamari and the Parpadelle Milino and it was amazing. I would only request next time for the steak in the dish to be well done next time but that's just me.
Requirements: *Yelp-approved (duh) *Walking distance from Viceroy Hotel *Outdoor seating *Wine Destination: Fratelli Milano Hovering nicely at #1 of "Best of Yelp Miami," I figured this was a safe bet for a lowkey dining experience. Just several blocks from the Viceroy in Downtown with a few tables perched precariously along the curb, and after I spotted a table with several bottles of wine...well, you know the rest of the story. Oh, wait. You don't. I will tell it! A cute little Italian mom 'n pop in DT Miami. Don't let the "deli case" photo fool you, this is a great spot to sit down and revel in a n inexpensive, delightfully fresh meal. Although, it is small-ish, so perhaps call ahead to see if they are super busy... The patio seating is more just tables on a sidewalk, but hell...you are in Miami, be happy it isn't 20 below zero and snowing, mmmmk? I was, anyway. Too low of expectations? Perhaps, but this is what Midwest living will do to you. Regardless, you can sit outside if you wish! Food: Bruschetta w/ prosciutto and mozzarella: Excellent, crispy! Homemade Soup w/ corn/potato and chicken: I ate every last drop. Chicken Milanese Salad: Very acceptable, large portion. Green lettuce! Some type of large raviolis ordered by my Miami Vice: Orange sauce, creamy, very large portions...they don't skimp on the ravioli. Wine: One bottle of Pinot Grigio: $30 (yep, for the whole bottle). Dessert: House made Tiramasu: Eh, the only spot that was kind of a miss. Not bad at all, but after the great food at dinner, I just expected a bit...more. Coffee: Americano w/ real milk....bellissima! A lovely, low-key option for dinner on the quieter side of a Miami evening...
Let me start by saying we had dinner here on a Saturday night around 10pm.  We had called 15 mins prior and been assured they had a table for us.  When we arrived, we found several tables open but it still took the staff a good 5-10 minutes to seat us as dishes were being sent out left and right. The general lack of front house management should have given me a clue as to what to expect but the reviews were so positive, I disregarded the little light in my head, even when Will R. suggested we go back to DB Bistro Moderne which was across the way from our hotel.   Finally seated, our waiter wasted no time getting us menus and coming by for a drink order.  When he came back with our bottle of wine, we indicated we were ready to order.  Of course, he didn't have a wine opener on him and ran off to find one before we could order.  Running through the dining room, he seemed to remember he had a coffee order to deliver so he went off to serve another table of 6 before finally locating a wine opener and coming back to open our bottle of wine. By the time we finally ordered, we were slightly peeved.  Luckily, bread for the table came out rapidly, still warm.  Our burrata appetizer which was delicious, was closer to a salad with prosciutto and burrata.  It came out very fast after our order was placed and as soon as we were finished with that, our main meals arrived.  So at least, once an order is placed, the turnaround is pretty fast.  Will R. had ordered the lasagna which was probably the best lasagna I've had in a restaurant.  I, on the other hand, had the bucattini.  With sausage and broccoli, I was surprised to find this dish served with tomato sauce.  And while the pasta was cooked perfectly, the tomato sauce was acidic and not balanced, making the entire dish lackluster.   I don't know whether it's a lack of organization that leads to the staff being all over the place but the waiter would literally run by, asking if everything was okay and then would dash off without listening for an answer.  It wasn't that the staff was eternally busy.  But it seemed as though nothing was completed.  In fact, a table that arrived well after us, waited a good 10 minutes before getting menus.  And then unable to get the waiter's attention, one of the wives at the table, finally got up and physically flagged/yelled "Hello, we're ready to order" waving her arm to get the waiter's attention.  Even with the staff's wide smiles and thick accents, there's not enough genuine care for the diner's experience to make this a good experience, in my opinion.  This place might very well have had great service some time ago but it seems to be resting on past laurels, service wise.  The food is very good, if you choose wisely but we probably won't be back based on this experience.
Yes, they are reopen and remodeled.  Stopped in Saturday for a late lunch. Wow, so much more room, soft neutral colors, comfy booths, same menu, very nice job. Service was excellent as always, food exceptional. They are now open every Saturday all day and night.  So excited about the new look and being open on Saturday's.  Sergio has also done a great job bringing in some new wine's.  The prices are very reasonable. Great job on the new look and much thanks for keeping the same excellent food and service! See you soon Fratelli, we adore you!
We had such a great dining experience here I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars.  I knew I loved this place since the moment I walked in. To begin with.... I walked in the establishment and  the dessert/pastry counter was staring straight at my mouth, just one look and I melted with all the cannolis and tiramisus (just to name a few of them).  It was a sight not to forget. The beautiful little candle lights throughout the restaurant on all the tables and counters makes it such a relaxing/romantic atmosphere. One of my favorite things was the heavy Italian accent that rolled out of all waiters/staffs mouth. I truly felt that I had stepped out of downtown Miami and stepped in Italy. All inside tables were unavailable and we did not want to wait 25 minutes for a table or sit outside (it was windy that day), so we choose to sit at the bar. I had the pasta with sirloin steak and goat cheese (aaaaa my head is still spinning), my husband had the lasagna which was out of this world! The prices??? extremely fair , specially for the quality of the food and the location, top notch! We spent about 60$ with tax and gratuity all together for 2 meals, 2 desserts, and a glass of wine. I had a glass of "Primitivo" wine that our waiter suggested, genious!  While waiting for the main course they placed a basket of bread with a marinara dipping sauce on the side and O M G !!!! ..... the sauce was the best dipping sauce ever! .The service was outstanding, my water was never more than half empty someone kept filling it up.  Even other waiters that were not "our waiter" kept checking on us, asking: "is  everything OK ", "do you need anything else" , "are you enjoying the wine miss" , "food will be right out sir", those people didn't skip a beat! . Thank you Fratelli Milano staff for making this dinner so amazing.  I can't wait to come back here and order the entire menu.
We went before a concert in AAA. We parked near Bayside and walk no big deal.   Excellent service the server very attentive and explain to us everything we asked. Appetizer: We shared a Caprese and added prosciutto:  it was son good it disappear fast. The best the food: we try pear fiocchi  sweet tasty hummmm...sister in law had lasagna and brother ravioli aragosta-lobster ravioli both very good. We order a few desserts and the only one that blew me away was the lemon tartar. I want to back to try other plates!
Husband I went here because we were so impressed by all the reviews. We were pretty let down. the service was ok, but the food was totally unimpressive. For Italian food it lacked flavor. We did not think it was worth dealing with downtown traffic and parking for what we had.
Great wine .Bright, fresh, flavorful, and authentic Italian cuisine. We got stuck on a second day layover while coming back from Belize. But hey, we didn't mind. More time to spend in South Beach during the BCS National Championship of '12 (Jan '13). To pay back my friend from waking up uber early, we took him and his partner out to dinner. This was our choice. We had the pleasure of sitting outside. Unfortunately we didn't get to view the interior of the restaurant. But I wasn't complaining since I'm a Chicagoan and we only get about 6-mayyyybe 7 months when you can reasonably sit outside. And that's a stretch... We ordered a couple good bottles of Cab, maybe a Meritage, I forgot. But the selection was nice. The food was good. Carpaccio, Arugula Salad, Mussels, Bruschette, Assorted Paste, a beautiful piece of Branzino, and some other protien. While all was delicious and I was grateful to have some Italian food, nothing besides the Branzino left me floored. For a restaraunt with 4.5 stars I was expecting through the room cuisine. Again, I enjoyed everything very much. But I WAS hoping to be floored by most what I ate. Fratelli Milano is a nice Italian restaurant that could be great for a date, an outing with some family, or just a simply place to go and have a nice dinner with a small-large group of friends.
Great, authentic Italian cuisine. Homemade pasta! Amazing food. Service could be better though and more english speaking servers.
We had been trying for a long time to get here with some fellow Yelpers who swear by this place.  Finally we were able to enjoy the company of our friends here and I can't begin to even try to describe how amazing the experience was but let me try. The service started with a very warm greeting.  Now, our friends were not there yet - they are regulars so that would be expected if they had been with us, but as they weren't it didn't matter because whether its your first time or not here you are family. As we waited (and yes this place is beyond tiny - but they are going to expand soon) we were served a most delicious bread with an amazing tomato concoction to tip it in,  I had to ask for more of all as I was wolfing it down.  Hey a whole day in a seminar will make you quite hungry. Our friends arrived and one of the Chef/Owners came out to say hi (our friends are really, really well known here).  Once settled, and yes with more bread and tomato dip, we had a hard time choosing from the amazing food on the menu.  The menu is simple and not overdone or pretentious.  I chose something from the special and so did my husband, I chose the short rib home made ravioli, and he chose the filet mignon.   It is almost impossible to describe how perfect both of our dishes were.  Desperately I kept on trying to steal my husband's meat.  It was the best piece of meat I have ever had. Note I did say that it was the best piece of meat that I have ever had.  It was cooked to perfection, seasoned perfectly - ohhhh myyyy. My ravioli??  See the comment above.  YES!!! It was the best ravioli I have ever had!  Can this really be true?  That a place can serve such perfection in two separate dishes?  Yes! Our friends insisted on dessert, I could hardly even think of eating more but we still ordered four so we could all try.  Michelle had recommended the Italian Custard - Panna Cotta.. it was the best and oh so decadent.  Next time I am not sharing that with anyone.  Get your own. Aside from all this fabulosity, guess what?  Its highly affordable.  They serve gourmet Italian at prices you would expect from one of those chain "Authentic Italian" places. By far the best Italian I have ever had.    And yes, I have experienced the food in Italy.
I've been here for lunch several times and Fratelli Milano never disappoints. The food is consistently good here which is why no doubt you have to come early for lunch. If you arrive after 12:30p, you'll be standing outside waiting for a table.  I highly recommend their fish as I usually get the salmon with either broccoli or spinach.  If you have to be downtown for a meeting, this is the place to escape for a great meal.
Nestled in downtown Miami, Fratelli Milano certainly has got its Italian right! Reading about this Italian joint from other reviews, I had set very high expectations and much to my surprise Fratelli Milano met those lofty heights. There is really only one drawback to this place and that is parking. it can be difficult to find parking, but if you do not mind walking a few blocks then it should not be all that bad. Fratelli Milano is a small, quaint restaurant with a nice, relaxed ambiance. It would make it an ideal date place, but on this night I came with a few close friends. I got there way before my friends and they had no problem with me saving eight seats for half hour by my lonesome. They were very personable and efficient with their service throughout the night. As for the food it was spot on. The Brushette was done perfectly with nicely diced fresh tomatoes and beautiful basil on a nice delightful, crunchy bread. As for my main meal, I got the Agnello Alla Scottadito, otherwise known as the lamb dish with orange rosemary sauce. The lamb was flawless and the orange-rosemary sauce was the perfect compliment to the lamb. The vegetables were perfectly al dente and potatoes scrumptious. The sad part I had to grimace every swallow because of a sore throat. I look forward to my next return to Fratelli Milano and hopefully much more healthier.
Best Italian in town. First time I came here it was a tiny restaurant with great food. Now it is a beautiful smaller sized restaurant. Food is still as outstanding as the first time I visited. Homemade pasta, fresh ingredients. Service is usually good. All dishes I have gotten here are perfection. Pizza was good but prefer the pasta. I recommend: -Pappardelle Milano (my fav) -Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio -Fettucini allo Scoglio
Homemade. All of it. And as such, it's absolutely ridiculously awesome. All of it. I wish I had grown up in a home that would have made all this stuff on the regular, but alas I was not. Maybe it was a good thing, since I could have ended up a fat girl...oh wait. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, perfect for a date, but equally perfect for a family meal. For a Friday night, an hour before close, it was mostly dead. I was surprised, but it's really not in a poppin' place of town. We had to seek it out, and we were glad we did. We were approached by the hostess, and asked if we had a reservation. Man, someday we're going to remember to start participating in this thing called reservations. While they had no problems seating us, and they said we didn't need one, it seems to be the norm anymore. Someday I'll put on my grownup pants and partake. The wine list didn't disappoint, but I'm hardly disappointed by wine. Maybe 1/3 of the list was in the 'by the glass' format, and they were all $8.00-$8.50. It wasn't the cheapest wine by any means, but it didn't feel like a waste. His red and my white were delicious. Italy knows what they're doing, no doubt. We started with some caprese because we really needed more time to peruse the menu. It was thicker and chunkier than most caprese I've had, but I loved it. The olive oil and balsamic came on the side to dress as you saw fit. It was a nice touch. They had a couple specials, but they blended in with each and every delicious sounding meal. Antipasti, insalata, pizza, pasta, and the mains were abundant and split between each of the four proteins (chicken, beef, veal, and fish). I literally wanted the whole menu. Nothing sounded too heavy, and everything sounded fresh, flavorful, and ridiculously good. While we began to soak up oil and vinegar with the slightly toasted pieces of bread, I decided on the parpadelle milano. I don't normally do pasta at places like this, but everything is handmade here. It's not too often that I have fresh, handmade pasta. Plus we had a fridge in our hotel room, so I could easily store the leftovers to save room for the dessert because there would be dessert. Oh yes, there would. My life has forever been changed by fresh, handmade pasta. It was a texture unlike I had ever experienced. Smooth. Velvety. Tender. I'm always mystified by this 'al dente' phenomenon, but I imagine this was the pinnacle of it. The rest of the dish was dressed lightly in Chianti wine sauce and truffle oil, and tossed with bite sized pieces of tender, juicy filet mignon, creamy goat cheese, and sun dried tomatoes. It was hands down the best pasta I've ever had. How I managed to save a small portion for the next day, I'll never really know (it was equally good then, too!). Dessert might possibly outshine the entrees. Actually, strike that, they're entirely different animals and should be placed on equally high pedestals. We were taken over to the dessert case because like the pasta, these are all handmade and freshly baked daily. There was a lot to choose from, and the visual makes you want to take them all home. All of them. Good god, that was a hard decision. We settled on a slice of tiramisu because...well I don't even know why we did, but we did. It, like the pasta, was by far the best tiramisu to ever grace these lips. Light, fluffy, and rich, each bite dissolved on my tongue. This might be what heaven is like. Maybe. Service was more than friendly. They definitely take pride in the stuff they serve here. They had no qualms letting us stay past closing to consume that slice of perfection. $70 for two glasses of wine, an appetizer, two entrees, and dessert later, there wasn't a single fault to be found within these Italian walls. I dare you to find one.
Good food but brace for the bill. They've been increasing their prices for months without updating their menu. Some prices have now nearly doubled. Yelp needs to update from $$ to $$$.
Wow, I am SO annoyed that I learned about this place just 2 weeks before I leave my downtown office digs for a new job. I was able to walk here in less than 5 minutes! I can't say much more than what the other reviewers have said! The food tastes so fresh it melts in your mouth. The beef carpaccio was incredible!! It is served with arugula, sliced portabello and grape tomatoes with an amazing lemon truffle oil. I'm a sucker for anything with truffle so i was in heaven. For my main course, I had the gnochetti with four cheese sauce and my coworker had the cheese tortellini with ham and peas. Both dishes were delicious and HUGE! I was able to take more than half if it home! The only thing that disappointed me was that I had no room for dessert! My goal for the next two weeks is to try more dishes and get my hands on one of their Napoleans that looked SO GOOD through their glass display case!
nice flavorful fresh pasta. very authentic food. parpadelle was my favorite dish!!
Worth a shot to anyone in the area looking for a knit shirt and lasagna kind of night. . If you stay within walking distance, do yourself a favor and try it out. Fast service, attentive staff, casual dining at its best.
Good pizza, tasty pasta, and they do a great job with the desserts. It was one of my go-to restaurants in downtown when I lived there. I agree with the other Yelper, the Fiochi de Pera is yummy.
OK now when i searched for this place i could not believe that it was not on yelp so I guess ill do the honors. This place is one of the best Italian restaurants in Miami. The only problem is that its not open late because it's downtown. But if you have a chance and are in downtown Miami its well worth passing by. Its family owned by two Italian twins and one of their wife's. Fiorella pretty much keeps the place in order and always remembers every ones name.   They have every thing you expect from and Italian restaurant  from the best lasagna you will ever have to the best Tiramisu in Miami! As well as these AMAZING daily specials! You can tell that these people know what they are doing and think every thing out to the T. As well as what you wouldn't expect the friendliest service EVER and just a Happy place. Its like a culinary escape for an hour for me and I've enjoyed this place since it opened. So if you are in the area pass by you will not regret it!
My new favorite place for lunch and dinner - Parking problem but worth the effort - the chicken soup is the best i have ever had -- sorry grandma Pear ravioli thingy-mmmmm
I had to find somewhere special, it was nine years after all. Definitely a place to celebrate. And this was it! Fratelli Milano is a small establishment tucked away in the middle of Downtown where no other stores remain open, let alone none as busy as here. It's definitely a great romantic spot to enjoy a meal for an anniversary, birthday, everyday meal, or whatever. The prices surprisingly lower than you'd expect. My favorite part of the meal wasn't even charged: the toasted bread served with a rammakin of red tomato pesto-bruscheta. Yum! The Frito Milano was almost as good. Lightly breaded calamari rings served with warm tart marinara sauce. The best part of that was what looked like zucchini fries scattered in between them. Why hasn't anyone thought of those before? I nixed the peary cheese dish that I came wanting to try, and decided instead on the Blue Crab Ravioli special. If the pink sauce was delicious, the raviolis were even better. Another excellent dish were the gnocchetti. These gnocchi dumplings are unlike any I've had before, they are softer and more pasta-like, accompanied by arugula, pink sauce, mozzarella, and grape tomatoes. The Panna Cotta was decorated with fresh whipped cream, lime sauce, strawberry sauce, and cocoa powder. But all that didn't detract from the yumminess of this custard dish. Best I've ever had! And the same goes for the Napolean dessert too, crunchy wafers filled with what seemed like canolli ricotta cream. Looking forward to my leftovers for lunch! And like the other reviewer, I also felt the temptation to shout at people trying to decide to eat here, "What are you thinking? Don't you know this place is #1 on Yelp?? Get inside and order!"
Arugula salad with real mozarella! Order it now! Seriously delicious food here.
My parents brought me here because this was the place my mother chose for her birthday. In our family, you always choose your favorite restaurant for your birthday, and my mother had been raving about this place for awhile. I'm surprised I hadn't been here yet because between my parents and yelp, I'd heard some great things. The restaurant is TINY (although I think they are remedying that as we speak) so although it's really small and uncomfortable, I will say it's really cozy and gives the restaurant a European feel. The first thing you see when you walk in is the delicious array of pastries they have on display. I was excited for desert before I even got to the entree! We started out with some crispy calamari. I usually am not a fan of calamari because, although I do enjoy it when done right, it's rarely crunchy when it gets to your table. However, their calamari was PERFECTLY cooked and the sauce was hot and delicious. I ordered the penne pasta with pink sauce and salmon. I will say it was not my favorite dish. However, I tried both my parents' dishes and they were both really really yummy! My father ordered the steak and, although it came with this really interesting but really tasty white creamy sauce, it was so flavorful it didn't need it. My mother ordered the gnocchi with chicken -- also something I only like when done right -- and it was definitely done right. I had the tiramisu and it was alright. My dad had the chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and that was really great. (I slowly realized throughout the meal to trust my parents' judgment.) In addition to the food being really great, the service was phenomenal -- the kind of service you rarely expect to find in Miami. The waitress was so nice and attentive and answered all our questions with a smile. We really made the experience top notch. All in all, I will be back here with some friends to try out some more wonderful items on the menu. The price is REALLY great -- it's gourmet food at a reasonable price. That's another thing you don't find too often in Miami.
Heard about this place through the amount of reviews posted on yelp, i had to stop in. OMG everything was wonderful. Its a  small casual dining spot, you can dine about around $30pp, but so worth it. I ordered the special of the day, Corvina in a lemon sauce... omg a foodgasm! I want to come back very soon and try other items and desserts on the menu.
Once you've had homemade pasta, there's no going back to the store bought stuff. So when it comes down to the Olive Garden vs. Fratelli Milano, well, I just might have to kiss those breadsticks goodbye. This teeny tiny eatery in downtown is everything Yelpers said it was. Even smaller than I expected, we sat at one of the two booths and were greeted by our totally charming and friendly waitress. Honestly, the service ranks up there as some of the best I've ever experienced - she was that good. Now on to the eats. They brought a basket of bread and some tomatoey sauce for sampling. Very tasty. Then, we tried the homemade asparagus soup - potato based, no cream. Absolutely phenomenal! Wished I had ordered a bowl for myself. Next, we had the bruschetta app - garlicky goodness. For my entree, I had the fiocchi stuffed with pear and taleggio. Sweet and rich - my kinda dish. You can really SEE and of course taste the difference when it comes to homemade pasta. The rest of the crew thoroughly enjoyed their dishes as well - the meat sauce with spinach fettucini was a big hit. Desserts. Lord, what can i ever say about desserts? It seems almost humanly impossible to me that they craft such an amazing selection of sweets in this itty bitty place, each and every day. We sat in awe as our waitress listed them off ... I wanted to try one of everything. But, being so stuffed, we shared just one - the chocolate volcano cake, with a liquid chocolate center. Rich, sweet, decadent, delicious. Prices SOOO reasonable, too. Authentic Italian, this is. I'm sure we'll be back time and time again.
This place was my savior during lunch when I worked in Downtown.   It was really good and always my savior for lunch!  The panini's were sooo good!
OF COURSE some of the best Italian food I've ever had anywhere is 2,706 miles from my doorstep. 80 five star reviews don't lie. Wonderful strokes of luck these days! Miami is most often touted as the best place for Cuban food outside of Cuba. So when we arrived and did some Yelp searching, the number of highly rated Italian places came as quite a surprise. The location of Fratelli Milano makes it perfect for a bite before after one of the local theater attractions. The ambiance makes it ideal for a date, anniversary, calm birthday, family meal or just a nice dinner out in a new city. Expect to be greeted by a very friendly hostess and seated quickly if space allows. You may want to call in a reservation just in case. Aside from a nearly 100% 'Fresh off the Boat' Italian staff (some of which don't know enough English to respond to your compliments about the meal and instead just smile and nod), the real draw is obviously the food. You may have noticed that the dollar sign rating for Fratelli Milano is "$$." They could -easily- charge "$$$" prices for this food. Especially considering the twin-brother Chefs Roberto and Emanuele Bearzi learned to cook this way in heart of Milano and have a combined experience of 32 years in some of Miami's top kitchens. This is family operated dining at a culinary masterpiece level. Further evidence of this continues as -everything- is home made from scratch. Every. Thing. The sauces, the desserts, the meals, the pasta, the everything. This makes for a level of food quality that is absolutely superb and at the prices they're asking, it's an absolute steal to eat here. We started the meal with what turned out to be a very generously portioned Caprese salad. Who hates on tomato, mozzarella, basil and oil? Freaks. That's who. For entrees we went with the Pollo Farcito (mine) and Pappardelle Milano (hers). $15 and $16 respectively. The Farcito is a breast of chicken stuffed with spinach, ricotta cheese and toasted pine-nuts wrapped in Parma prosciutto. Every bite of that dish was incredible. I kept cutting it into smaller and smaller pieces so as to prolong the flavor. That said, don't get me wrong, the portioning was just fine to be comfortably full afterward. But again, and a testament to their home made ingredients, none of the food we had was heavy in the slightest which was something I was definitely happy about as the night continued on. Her pasta dish was made with homemade pappardelle, sliced filet mignon, porcini mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes in a Chianti wine sauce with truffle oil and goat cheese. Again, incredible flavors, large portion that she ended up having boxed to go, and light on the stomach. I realize it's a somewhat generic choice of Italian desserts, but we had to order what turned out to be the best piece of tiramisu I've ever eaten for $6. Their entire dessert case, again, is all home made. If the way the tiramisu dissolved in our mouths is any indication of how incredible the other desserts are, I wish I could have tried them all. Upon our exit, I feel like the whole damn staff thanked us for coming in either Italian or in English. I told them they could easily get away with charging more for their food but they just took it with a smile and said they were glad we liked our meal. Family owned and family humble. Please, please, please, go check this place out. You're doing yourself a great disservice if you sleep on this one. And by the way, don't miss the wine list! Luoghi come questo mi fa estremamente felice di essere italiano!
Took my wife for her birthday. We enjoy the place. It is cozy and romantic. The place looks expensive but it is not. Price is fair and food was great. Mussels were excellent. My wife had the lasagna and I have the sausage with pasta. Make sure to try their Tiramisu. I would definitely go back again.
When you eat somewhere and immediately want to eat there again the next day you should know you've found a great place. Every time I eat at Fratelli Milano I vow that I will make the effort to eat there at least once a week. I promise that this deliciousness will not be held over for special occasions and I plee to the SO to please please please bring me back sooner rather than later. Why do I want to come back to Fratelli so soon? Well, let's start with the location. This place is a subtly lit gem downtown that brings a little warmth to the concrete jungle. The staff are incredibly friendly and attentive, and the food, oh the food. From the bread and sauce dip they bring out at the start of your meal, to the menu which makes it so difficult to decide what to eat to the execution of the dishes. I've had the BEST Fiocchi di Pera here, ever! And that's a dish I've eaten at pretty much every Italian restaurant I've ever been to. I could really write a whole review about dessert here because it is simply amazing! Tiramisu that's like a cloud, apple tart, profiteroles, chocolate souffle the list goes on. Basically everything at Fratelli is amazing and anyone who hasn't been there needs to get their pasta eating behinds over there!   Eating there is one of the most pleasant dining experiences there are to be had in the city.
Parking here was a pain. Their wine selection isn't very great. The menu didn't really have a lot to choose from, either. Wait staff wasn't very helpful or attentive. The pasta I got was good, nice rich creamy sauce. I wasn't really blown away by this place though.
Still great. I just wanted to update my review to suggest that anyone and everyone try the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio. OMG. Ridiculously good. It has an incredible sweet flavor from the pears but also a creamy, cheesy deliciousness. Definitely my current fave.   I really just love this place. We have taken so many friends already who also fall in love.
One of the best Italian restaurants in Miami. I just don't like the location. Their pasta is all homemade they source all of their dairy with quality in mind. Its pure and authentic. I highly recommend it. Their deserts are delicious as well
In town for the holiday, had to come to my favorite Italian Restaurant. The other night we came here for a very lovely dinner. My parents, come here at least once a week. Emmanuel and Roberto, the two brother's and owners are amazing. They make their food with so much passion. They always come to the table, to make sure you are enjoying your food. The other night I ordered the Bucatini with Italian Sausage. Heavenly, pasta was fresh, the sauce was so tasty and the sausage was excellent. Their service, food, and prices are great. I look  forward to coming home to be able to eat here, and enjoy such warm hospitality. As we were sitting inside the restaurant, two other yelpers came up to us who were sitting outside. Kristin and Pedro, with their beautiful dog. It was so nice to meet them both. Great to see other yelpers enjoying this fine establishment, who enjoy it as much as we do. We finished our meal with the Pancotta. Creamy, such great flavor, that it left me craving it everyday. See you in December when I come home for the x-mas break, can't wait......
I was in Miami on vacation and I asked my son what he wanted for lunch--he said, "PASTA!" I whipped out my handy dandy iPhone, fired up the Yelp app and Fratelli Milano was staring me in the eye with its 5 star rating. I though, "Ha! 5 stars my @$$...has to be new w/ 2 or 3 reviews." I dug deeper to find over 20 reviews and they were all glowing so I had to give it try. The restaurant itself is teeny tiny...I thought of Amsterdam when I saw the restaurant, but 5 stars it's gotta be good. Onward, McDuff. We were quickly seated at a small stone-covered table for two and bread was promptly brought out. The bread was delicious and there was a sun-dried tomato/olive oil dipping sauce with it. Drinks are served in a can or a bottle. They had a wine list, but I didn't partake since I was driving. For appetizer, we had the bruschetta. The bread was lightly toasted and the tomatoes were extremely fresh and wonderfully seasoned. There was a small salad on the plate with a wonderful balsamic vinegar dressing. For the main course, we had fettuccine with pink sauce (alfredo mixed with marinara sauce) and chicken. The pasta was perfectly cooked and obviously extremely fresh. The only place I've had pasta this good is Campagnola in NYC. The tiramisu was very good and the portion was generous, too. With tax and tip, lunch for two came to $30. I live in Washington, DC where there's no such thing as good Italian, let alone at $15/person so I am stoked I found this place. The one buzz kill is parking. You're looking at either hunting for a parking space on the street or parking in a garage at $10/hour, but if you're already in downtown Miami, that's not a big deal and given the prices of this restaurant, you can't really knock forking over another $10-$15 for parking.
We went to Fratelli for an early dinner before a film at Gusman.  The location couldn't be more convenient.  It takes about 2 minutes to walk from the restaurant to the theater. The service is fantastic.  The most professional team I have seen in recent memory.  The process of being seated, having orders taken, food and drinks presented, check and change delivered was smooth as glass.  Every member of the staff was polite, pleasant, and professional. Because of  food issues (vegetarian and gluten-free) the menu was a real challenge.  My choices came down to salad and risotto.  Fortunately, the asparagus risotto really appealed to me.  Unfortunately, they were all out of risotto, which left me with a thick, juicy salad... um, I mean a light, fresh salad.  whoopee. :( I had a glass of pinot grigio and the arugula salad with pear and goat cheese.  It was yummy. Overall, a very nice restaurant.  I will definitely go back.
This place is awesome! I pick up lunch from here every once in a while. If I have a lot of extra time I'll eat there or if I get there a bit early, however this place gets packed. It used to be a little whole in the wall but now they expanded it and it looks really really nice. This food is really good. They start you off with bread and give you a little red sauce. Just this by itself is really good, you an tell its high quality food. I always get the same thing, the Fettuccine al gusto with chicken in pink sauce. Its a good portion you can eat half and be full but i end up eating everything. Everything is good!!! They have great desserts and the owner is super nice. I dirtied my shirt and the owner came by with a tide stick to help me out.
Still my favorite place for affordable neighborhood Italian, but this time was the first time I had sub-par service. The male Argentine waiter with long hair gotta go - he was not attentive at all. 1 star off until service improves.
After reading all the hype, my Italian friend and I went downtown one night just to try this place. We really wanted to love it. It was a beautiful night. It was not too crowded. Our waitress was not helpful enough with the menu. (There are more helpful waiters there.) We split the Burrata, prosciutto, arugula salad to start. There was waaaaaay too much balsamic vinegar on it. The prosciutto was not sliced thinly enough. The tomatoes were cold and not ripe. I had the Pappardelle which had good flavor, but I didn't understand the pieces of meat and the goat cheese. My friend had the Sea Bass. He thought it was, "O-K." I like simple, Tuscan style food. This was strange. We were disappointed...
I'm writing this review for the person who isn't entirely decided after reading this entire page of fan letters. I'm going to write a short survey that should help you decide whether Fratelli is right for you. Do you like Italian food? Do you like big portions? Do you like not paying more than $15 for gourmet food? Would you like to eat the best lasagna ever? Answer yes to these and I would hope you're already looking for parking (Flagler by the Gusman is free after 7, btw.) Everybody who went with me loved their food but was envious of my lasagna. I didn't love the Sea Bass special, so I'd recommend sticking to the pastas.
Maybe it's just because I was really hyped up to come to this place based on all of the other reviews, but Fratelli Milano really did not blow me away. I'd give it a 3.5. It was good food, don't get me wrong - and the service was really great (all of the staff was super friendly and helpful)! But I wasn't "wow-ed" like I thought I would be. I might return, but I'm not running back.
Fratelli Milano is absolutely delightful, and that's the best word to describe it. I had made arrangements to eat lunch with my mother and brother for my birthday after work and when I called to inquire about their whereabouts they told me they were running errands downtown. Perfect! Considering both my dates have very picky palates, Milano proved to be the perfect selection. There's something in the menu for everyone! Before I get to our meal, let me just note how impressive it was that even though it was lunch rush hour, smack in the middle of DT, on a Thursday, we were seated immediately! The ambiance is very chic, modern but homey, with high ceilings and white walls with some glass cases that accentuate the cleanliness of the design. We started with a Caprese salad and a couple of glasses of their house white wine. Very light and crisp flavors. For entrees my brother opted for their roast beef panini, my mother chose the pan seared salmon and I had to go for their lobster stuffed ravioli. Everything was delicious and fresh. The traditional flavors were only enhanced by the simplicity of each dish. One of the things I loved about Milano is that the serving sizes were perfect, not too small but certainly not overwhelming, and considering these are carbs we're eating, it definitely removes a good chunk of the guilt trip,  if you catch my drift. My only qualm is with the service. Our main server was helpful and kind, even when you could tell he was a bit flustered considering the time of day. The food runner, however, was absolutely awful. She was rude and went out of her way to push us around. Had it not been for her I would've given my experience 5 stars.
What a find! Started off with a bruschette with goat cheese, pesto, prosciutto and roasted peppers. Entrees included the asparagus risotto - the best we've ever had - the fiocchi de pera e taleggio (pear and telaggio cheese-stuffed pasta - heavenly), and the pappardelle milano, which had a great ratio of tomato sauce to cheese to meat. The raspberry fruit tart fell a bit short because the sugar looked congealed and had a weird texture. But the staff was attentive, and the ambiance was intimate and warm without feeling cramped. You will not find a better Italian restaurant in Miami for this price.
We were craving some sort of fattening cuisine and decided on Italian. Fratelli Milano is midway between our place downtown and Brickell, which is where we generally end up after dinner, so we decided to check it out after seeing that it had so many great reviews on Yelp. I am so glad we did. We sat outside at a romantic (but tiny) café table on the sidewalk under some umbrellas hung with oil lamps. My better half was literally sitting on the curb; when a car parallel parked on the street behind him, he felt it lightly brush his chair. But aside from the cramped outdoor seating, our experience at this restaurant was very good. Unfortunately, the bread and dipping sauce that came out were just okay. We were famished when we arrived so we ate it anyway, but I wish it had been warmed and more flavorful. We started with an assortment of meats and the traditional bruschetta and both appetizers were fantastic. Then I had the pasta stuffed with herbs and chicken in a pink sauce and my partner in crime had the hollow spaghetti with sweet Italian sausage. I almost never finish an entree at any restaurant because the portion sizes are ridiculously huge, but I ate every scrap of my dinner and my companion's plate was similarly clean when he was done. Despite the fact that we were about to pass out from overeating, we ordered the tiramisu and cappuccino for dessert. They were the perfect ending to a fabulous meal and we were totally satisfied as we waddled away to hail a cab that would take us to Brickell. Fratelli Milano is a lovely little gem tucked away on a nondescript downtown street. There's nothing better than honest authentic Italian food and they dish it up without pretense or snobbery or inflated prices. We will most definitely be back.
My favorite restaurant in Miami. By far the best Italian food I've had since moving here and consistently good. I've tried 3 or 4 different dishes now and have never been disappointed. Not to mention that their prices are incredibly reasonable. Tons of places in Miami with higher prices and not nearly the quality of food.
Started off with the soup of the day - a pureed green pea - which was both richer and larger than I expected. The peas lent some starchy sweetness to a background that was obviously a fairly hearty chicken stock. My entree was seafood over pasta. The home-made linguini was excellent and cooked perfectly al-dente, the clams, shrimp, and scallops were done perfectly. Atop the huge portion of pasta was a half lobster, in the shell. Coupla things, though. Since the whole thing's covered in tomato sauce, shelling the claw meat in the kitchen would have really been nice. Very messy otherwise. Second, if you're calling it linguini fra diavolo, I expect some actual red pepper flake in there somewhere. The staff were very pleasant, enthusiastic, and attentive. The interior's pretty nice for what's a nondescript storefront in downtown Miami. With a different dish that had a little more attention to detail, this very easily could have been a 4-star review. When I'm in the area next, I'd definitely give Fratelli Milano another try.
I came here twice on my trip to Miami. We tried 3 different pastas and the Lasagna. The food was very good. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves Italian food.
delicious !!!!!!!!!!! the pizza was great ! i little bit difficult to park the car, everything else really good!
Fantastic restaurant. Service, food, and atmosphere were exceptional. My girlfriend and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for great southern Italian food at a reasonable price.
Are you kidding me? The whole meal I was upset that this restaurant has been open for 2 years, less than 2 miles from my house, and this was my first visit. My husband, 1 1/2 y.o. son and I took the MetroMover on Friday afternoon down to Bayfront. We walked around Bayside starving and decided not to waste our money on eating tourist food. I checked my Yelp bookmarks (Yelp, you've been so good to me and I haven't returned the favor!), and we chose Fratelli Milano. It was probably around 7pm when we arrived and the small little restaurant had 2 tables full. They brought us a high chair, we stuck the stroller in the back, and there it was on the menu...little pasta packages stuffed with pear and cheese in a sage/butter sauce. Ahhh. How long I have waited to find this on a menu again! Service was great, they split the salad for us without asking. Entrees were $10-$16...a little rich for my blood in this economy, but the portions were fantastic. Not that I had any leftovers, but it was a full plate. Very pleasant experience. ONLY OPEN M-F! I'd give it a lower star just to scare the rest of you away...but I'd feel too guilty.
Thank goodness for Yelp, or we would never have experienced Fratelli Milano. The bread they gave you was so delicious, we ate the entire basket and wanted more, but decided against it fearing it would ruin our appetite for the rest. And it was a good thing we controlled ourselves. The main course was delicious as well. Overall a wonderful experience. If we lived in Miami we would go there all the time. Keep up the great food!
Seeing that Fratelli Milano was the no. 1 rated restaurant on Yelp, the BF and I hightailed it over there to see what all the fuss was about. Considering that I get lost going across the street, MapQuesting was necessary, and we had absolutely no problem getting there (even though it's in the hellish nightmare I call "Downtown Miami") The parking was also a breeze. Although there is pay-to-park street parking, there is also a parking garage across the street ($10 flat fee on a Saturday night). I had made reservations for 10 p.m., but there was no need as there were several open tables upon our arrival. We were seated immediately and presented with menus and bread. The bread came in different varieties with a reddish tomatoe sauce that was DELICIOUS. We were bracing ourselves for a big meal, otherwise we would've ordered a lot more bread. When it came time to decide on an appetizer, I wanted the calamari and the ol ball and chain wanted the cheese platter, so we decided to ask our Italian waiter for a suggestion. He recommended the carpaccio di manzo, which came with thinly sliced raw filet mignon, topped with arugula, mushrooms, shaved parmigiano cheese, grape tomatoes and a side of lemon truffle oil. It definitely sounded interesting and neither one of us had ever tried something like that so we went for it. It was yummy, but I don't know if I would order it again. The flavors were all very strong, and considering I'm not a fan of tomatoes and arugula, I was already had a disadvantage. For the main course, I ordered the gnocchi in a four cheese sauce. Let me just say this - every other restaurant in Miami that serves gnochhi should take it off the menu, because it will just be an embarrassment compared to Fratelli Milano's. It was PERFECTION. Soft, creamy and a very generous portion. Dessert time came and I went for one of my faves: tiramisu. This one was great. Topped with shaved chocolate, which gave it a kick of flavor. The BF had the panna cotta topped with strawberries, and although I'm not a fan of the panna cotta I've tried in other restaurants, this one was excellent. I'll probably order it for myself next time we go. Because yes, there WILL be a next time. Only downside? The entrees took a hot minute to come out, but for authentic Italian food, it's a small price to pay. Which brings me to another point, a HUGE plus of Fratelli Milano? It is the most reasonably priced restaurant you will ever go to. For that food and those prices, no one will ever be able to compete.
Great downtown dining. Excellent food. Good Portions and attentive staff.
What more to say after Adri and JL's reviews? It was a marvelous and quite crazy evening. We had had quite our share of drinks before finding this place so things turned out very interesting... Everything on the menu looked so good that we had some trouble deciding what to take. We decided on two antipasti: the brie -speck -asparagus bruschetta was quite tasty but the buratta mozarella with prosciutto and arugula was to die for! My four cheeses pizza was so good I still taste the gorgonzola in my mouth. My favorite was JL's lasagnas ... sooooo gooood! To try absolutely! The pasta al scoglio was also very delicious with all the seafood. I forgot what Ramon ordered: the pasta with the skirt steak...also yummy. All this with a delicious wine, five stars!
Fantastic!  Seriously the best food for the price in all of South Florida.  Great, great food.
Everyone's glowing reviews of Fratelli Milano did not go unnoticed by this Yelper.  I bided my time, and finally got the chance to grab lunch at this ever-crowded mecca of Italian goodness for a co-worker's recent birthday.  It was seriously worth the wait. Italian restaurants seem to be the norm on the downtown "power lunch" scene, but Fratelli Milano is about 3 rungs above the rest on the quality scale.  Prices may seem a little higher than you'd like for lunch, but considering the quality, it's well worth it! Four people in our party of 5 ordered the lasagna, with the 5th opting for a pizza.  The lasagna was out-of-control delicious, and the pizza looked pretty tempting as well.  We were all so stuffed, we did have room for dessert.  But based on all the raves, it's a definite must for next time! If you're looking for great Italian in Downtown, Fratelli Milano is your spot!  But if you're coming for lunch, it's best to either come early (before 12:30 most definitely) or late (after 2pm) to get a table.  And if you have a party larger than 2, you may be waiting for a little bit.
So I went to my friend's house last night to hang and he had ordered food from this place. Wow yummy deliciousness! We had the lasagna which was really good, but what I truly loved was the prosciutto mozzarella. It was so freaking good. The prosciutto was perfectly this. I hate when its thick. And the mozzarella was that special mozzarella that is really soft and kind of gooey in the middle. I forget what its called, but it was heaven. Don't know what the place looks like or the prices, but definitely will be going here to see the restaurant and try other items on their menu!!
I know it was Valentine's day but the place was not that packed. We waited about 15 minutes even after ordering the water to get water. For appetizer we ordered the Caprese fresh sliced tomatoes, mozzarella, fior di latte and basil leaves, with extra virgin olive oil and balsamic reduction.  very good and for a little more $$ we decided to add the prosciutto. The Prosciutto really made this dish extra special, that little bit of saltiness just adds that special touch. For dinner I decided to get Spaghetti Alle Vongole Con Bottarga homemade spaghetti, little neck clams, grated cured fish roe, garlic and extra virgin olive oil sauce. Very good but a little fishy, I think due to the fish roe... My boyfriend got the Vitello Alla Milanese breaded and fried veal cutlet served over a bed of arugula, topped with fresh diced tomatoes, bocconcini mozzarella and basil salad - This was also very good, but I think it was missing a little of the tomato sauce on top to add to more flavor, I felt this dish could have been better in flavors. For dessert we decided to get the tiramisu which they make very good here. The Red Wine Merlot was fabulous. I still love this place and will definitely go again. For the prices you really can't go wrong. BTW - I almost forgot to mention the new REMODEL - It's absolutely great - modern in decor and much more room. Great job. Oh I almost forgot - Before they only opened Monday through Friday - They are now open on Saturdays :) THIS IS GREAT NEWS!!! xo, kristin nicole
Its a small place, so there is not many tables available. however the service is really good. Food is good. I had the fettuccine with pesto sauce and chicken. Flavor was good and the pasta perfectly cooked.
Amazing Italian restaurant Downtown. Small quaint little restaurant with several tables and chairs outside as well as inside. This place has a modern d feel to it. The inside is a nice size room with a dessert counter and a small rack of pastries and cookies. The lighting is nice and dim so you can get romantic. The wait staff is incredibly nice and helpful describing menu items, wine, and dessert list. We started off with a meat and cheese combo which they don't have on the menu but if you ask for it they will do the combo for you. So Kewl. and it Taste Awesome. To start off All Pasta is Home Made! I had the pear ravioli which is incredible. A perfect balance between the sweetness of the pear and the tartness of the cheese. Perfecto. For dessert I had the elephant ear, chocolate eclair, canolli, and creme brulee and all were Amazing. Great prices and amazing food you can't go Wrong!
I had made reservations Saturday night for 4 people & when we arrived we had to change it to 7 unfortunately. So instead of sitting inside like I had been looking forward to, we were seated outside on the street::( That was our parties fault due to being indecisive. Anyways, the staff was so accommodating to that fact. They brought out tables & chairs from the back to set us up al fresco. They were booked solid & were turning people away, it's a very small place.     7 of us ordered since the other 2 would not get there until 30 minutes later. We ordered 2 of the filet medallions specials, fettuccine with seafood, salad with grilled salmon & chicken parmesan. All of our entrees were good except they did not ask for the temperature of the beef entrees so they came out well done which we did not even think about at the time. Service was very poor.     We did not receive our food until an hour into our service but we were okay since we were still waiting for the rest of our group. The rest of our group showed up as our food was being served & they ordered. Their food came out super fast! Entrees were okay & good. Their chianti was awesome! That was a plus for the night. We will try them again but will sit inside for sure because being sat outside, we felt like the bastard children that they forgot about. Out of sight ,out of mind. I will try them again since they do everything homemade..maybe just an off night.
Great little Italian joint.  It is extremely authentic and I was definitely surprised considering it is in Miami.  The pasta was fresh and the waiters were even Italian!  I thought my dinner was overall extremely satisfying, but the bread they served in the beginning was quite disappointing.  I feel like the bread needs to be one of the best parts since it is your first impression.  It was cold and stale- and not good at all.  Fortunately, the meal was nothing like that. I also really liked the decor and the prices are very reasonable.
I love this place. It was my only highlight at my job for lunch. Once I quickly learned of this great restaurant I immediately  found it, got a table, looked at the menu. I took my coworker with me, she's a bigger fan than me. I ordered the Agnello di Pollo with red sauce, perfect perfect perfect. The waitress' there are super nice and make sure everything is great. I enjoyed lunch so much I wish that concluded my workday. Its true if you get there a few minutes before 1 or before 12, they get packed fast. So we have been known to place an order to go, and on time, and just as delicious.
*Disclaimer* I had written a wonderful review of Fratelli Milano a few years ago, I had had an amazing experience and loved everything about that evening. I have no idea where it went. I treated myself to lunch at Fratelli Milano on friday because I had such fond memories of this place and their pear fiocchi. I was prepared; I had my book, my "I'm too good for you and simply not interested" sunglasses, a fantastic bag, a knock-out outfit and my red mary-jane pumps. I was set, and felt very "independent woman." I didn't even have to look at the menu to order. "Fiocchi and a glass of chianti," I said to the nice waiter. As I dove my nose into my sweetly titled book, "Moriras Mañana," by Jaime Bayly, I enjoyed the newly (may not be so new, but it was to me) renovated interior and friendly staff. When my order came, I looked up and was surprised to see the owners picking up plates and taking orders on an inconspicuous friday afternoon, then I looked down. My sweet fiocchi were swimming in a puddle of butter and a few leaves of sage, definitely not the creamy sauce I remembered. My first reaction was similar to a child who receives the exact opposite of what they were expecting for christmas, and went something like, "SOCKS?!?! But I was expecting Barbie's dream house!" I soon shrugged it off and blamed myself for not looking at the "new" menu, then I took a bite. The sauce was not a sauce at all, the butter tasted like it was melted in a microwave and plopped on my plate. It had no texture or picked up the sage flavor like it should have (the down side of knowing how to cook, is that you know how it's supposed to taste). The pasta itself was ok, cooked well and whatnot. I ate quietly in disappointment and finished every bite, like a proper girl should. I payed my dues, left a good tip (because it's not the waiter's fault) and left. 10 minutes into my drive home felt that my lip seemed a bit swollen, but I had a date later so I thought nothing of it and went about my day. At night I felt something funny, and thought "ah -darn-, I got a pimple." Saturday morning I had a chain of lip sores on the left side of my lip. Apparently, (according to my mother, and we know mothers know everything), the cause of my lip sore could have been from dirty/infected silverware -the most likely scenario- or an allergic reaction to what I ate. Either way, as you can probably tell, I'm not happy.
Excellent.
This adorable little place is fantastic! In NYC we had to pay about $10 more a plate to get delicious Italian food. Fratelli Milano is still a bit on the pricier side but completely worth it. They start you out with soft, warm bread and some kind of tomato dipping sauce. Wonderful, we're off to a nice start. My husband and I also shared the cheese plate. SO MUCH cheese! It was hard to finish it between the two of us. We're not cheese experts but it was all tasty, especially the Gouda (or what I think was Gouda) and the mozzarella. The only odd thing is that it didn't come with crackers- I guess they want you to eat the cheese with the bread they give you? Hmm. For the main course I had gnocchi with pink sauce and the husband had meat lasagna. Both were soooo good. While the gnocchi didn't beat my grandmother's they were really filling and cooked nicely. The lasagna was the definite star. It's hard to explain but this was better than your average Italian restaurant lasagna. Not too heavy but still rich. The sauce was tangy but not too acidic. We took a bombolone (donut) filled with nutella to go. Also really good but maybe not worth the $5. Next time I go I want to have dessert there with an espresso- sounds perfect!
Best pasta in Miami, and possibly, in the US. I think they sprinkled a little crack on it because it is addictive. Crazy thing is, I'm not really a pasta lover. It's good when it's good, but I don't crave it. I had the seafood fettuccine Alfredo. It's my favorite! Love the fact that they make the pasta in house, and everything is so fresh. Service: Great Food: Amazing Price: Reasonable Atmosphere: Romantic / Casual / Low Lighting / Very Clean One of the best Italian I've had in Miami, next to Cerione's in Mid beach.
Dinning at Fratelli Milano in Downtown Miami, you get the feeling you could be an small neighborhood Italian restaurant in Florence or Venice. It's not very fancy but the menu is in Italian and you're not sure what your pasta order will look like until your dish arrives. I ordered the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio, Pasta stuffed with pear and taleggio cheese served with fresh sage and butter sauce. It was delicious, I have never had Fruit filled pasta before. There is a limited number of Pasta dishes on the menu, but each time I have been here has been a very good dinning experience.   This is a great restaurant to try on the weekends when Downtown is not so busy. There is nearby metered parking.
Great food. Great ambiance. Even better prices!
This place is a 3 star,  "A-OK"! Fratelli means siblings in Italian, so we thought "Two brothers from Milan cooking up some home-made Italian food right here in Miami?! Let's check it out!" I came here with my boyfriend and his parents (the coupon KINGS!) to use, what else?, a coupon they had for this place. The place had great reviews and is said to have very long lines, so we made reservations and were seated very quickly. Our server was very nice and informative. The food came quickly, and I was happy with the service overall. The service deserves 4 stars, not 3. Now for the food. I wasn't happy with the bread they serve (1 star) , it is cold and hard. However, the sun-dried tomato and olive oil sauce they serve it with is unique and sweet, I liked it. I just wish they served more of it. The small bowl they bring it in looks like it's used to feed a fetus! (I am not exaggerating, and I wish I'd have taken a pic!) This just makes us annoy the waiter because we keep asking for more since it helps the cold, hard bread taste better lol. Antipasti: We ordered a Margherita pizza. It had fresh tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese and basil leaves, and I'd have to say it tasted really good. I especially loved that they didn't skimp on the parmesan cheese they added. I ordered the Fiocchi Di Pera E Taleggio (4 stars). These are pear and taleggio cheese stuffed pasta purses in a fresh sage and butter sauce. I ordered it because I've had a similar dish elsewhere and I loved it, so I wanted to see how this place measured up. The dish was great, very flavorful and tasty. The only thing I would have preferred is a cream-based sauce rather than a butter sauce, but regardless, I'd come here again for this plate. (and for the pizza) Fettuccine Allo Scoglio (3 stars). A homemade fettuccine served with sauteed shrimps, scallops, calamari and mussels in a light white wine and fresh tomato sauce.  Even though I prefer not to mix seafood and pasta, I tasted it and thought this plate was appetizing, and the person who ordered it liked it too. Lasagna Casereccia (2 stars). A homemade pasta layered with fresh meat sauce, bechamel, mozzarella and parmigiano. The person who ordered it wasn't very happy with the flavor of the lasagna. Also, we could barely find any meat in it. I know the menu said home-made, but I could swear the lasagna tasted like Stouffer's oven lasagnas! And as soon as I said this, the person eating it said "That's it! That's what it tastes like!" The lasagna wasn't bad, it just wasn't good either. :-/ My boyfriend wasn't feeling too hungry (miracle!), so he ordered the special chicken and chickpea soup of the day (4 stars).  I have to say, this is the last place I thought would make a good chicken soup, but I stand corrected. The chicken soup was really good, he ate every last drop of it! It was hearty and filling. So if you're ever in the mood for soup, or sick, and in downtown, try this soup! Last, but certainly not least, was the dessert. I had a cannoli and it was pretty good. The filling had chocolate chips inside, and it satiated my sweet tooth perfectly because it wasn't too big or too small, just right. In conclusion, a fellow yelper said it best when he said : "It's a good solid Italian joint with decent food, and good service.  However, I've had more flavorful pasta dishes elsewhere."
Probably one of the best Lasagne's I've had since Italy.  I mean it was just heavenly.  Super creamy, a good amount of meat, and actually a huge serving of Lasagne,  ALso had the Cesar Salad which had just the right hint of anchovy.  You got to try this place.  And all the other dishes looked fantastic!
This is one of my favorite lunch spots downtown.  The food is always fantastic and the service is friendly and efficient.  The place is small and usually has a wait, but it is definitely worth the wait.   I love their soups and like the fact that I can order a *half* portion of almost any pasta so I can save room for one of their delicious homemade desserts. I should mention they are now open for dinner as well.
Amazing is all I can say.  Our waiter was great and the food was fantastic.  I would definitely go back and highly recommended.
Amazing Italian food... I've worked in Downtown Miami for 9 years and I have seen this restaurant grow; I literally work across the street. The owners are very nice people and really have a passion for what they do.  Honestly, there is really not much else that I can say that others have not said. The almost perfect reviews don't lie, this place is a must try! Pastas are made from scratch and the desserts are unbelievable (this coming from someone who usually skips dessert) My only complain is that it's gotten a little pricier, but even then it's still worth every penny.
My wife and my go-to restaurant for a special dinner out. A family run restaurant with a cheerful, helpful staff, delicious, made-to-order, authentic dishes, a reasonably priced wine selection, great homemade pastas; fresh, fresh fish and to-die-for Napoleons for dessert.
What a gem! A simple, neat, friendly, well run reasonably priced Italian Restaurant with "real," unAmericanized offerings and excellent service. Besides a superb glass of wine recommended by my waiter, the first thing to arrive at my table was bread with a tomato/garlic/olive oil and herb dipping sauce with strikingly good balance and vibrant flavors. I then had an Affettati Misti, being a combination of Prosciutto, Salami, Coppa, Speck and Bresaola; all superior in quality and flavor. For my main course I selected their special of night which was explained to me to consist of clams, garlic, with white wine and seasoning over pasta. When it arrived I was thrilled! I had expected the ordinary run of the mill, rather boring, typical clams, but my dish came with totally some of the finest, most delightful, plump and tasty razor clams I've ever had; nothing ordinary or boring about that. The pasta, itself, also cooked perfect al dente. All of the flavors were perfectly balanced and though I rarely finish a full plate (damn diet), I ended up pigging out right down to the last morsel on the plate. For background music, they also had some rather refreshingly spiffy Italian subtle rock, which was far better than have to listen to old time recordings of the long deceased Sinatra, Dean Martin or the like.Besides, they were all Americans, and Fratelli is Italian, real Italian. For what it is and what it is meant to serve, being simple, exquisitely prepared Italian at a reason price, I found it to be about as good as it gets outside of what I've had in Italy.
Some of the best italian food in Miami, in downtown definitely. Fresh homemade pasta and sauces, great service, ambience.  Love coming here.
This is definitely top tier food in South Florida. The ambiance, the service, the price, the flavors - everything here is running on all cylinders.  The result is a fabulous dinner that won't break your bank, but feels like a splurge. You might never think of ordering it because there are so many delicious pastas on the menu, but try the pizza.  Seriously, thin crust, mozzarella and prosciutto di parma - hands down, best pizza I've had in Miami. Oh, and don't you dare miss the creme brulee.  You're welcome!
Quaint, family owned place. This place has delicious homemade noodles, prepared just right! I loved the Vitello Alla Milanese and the delicious pear pasta dish with the gorgonzola cheese (can't remember the name!). Every dish was gourmet, great Italian food, for  reasonable prices.
Great place. A pleasant quietly happening place. Many good dishes to choose from. Non-dairy vegetable soup. Appetizers-many to choose from. Good pizza, homemade pastas. Excellent fish. Limited wine by the glass yet my wine was great. Dessert was yumm!! We will be back!! Thanks Leo for great service.
The food is amazing the staff is friendly. It's small and intimate. I love the lobster ravioli and pappardelle Milano!!!!!
While I've had many great experiences eating there (and even with previous delivery orders) I feel obliged to give them a poke in the ribs after a particularly disappointing delivery experience.   We ordered the lasagna (which the woman on the phone said was a great choice) and it was a pile of mush. No semblance of layers whatsoever. Basically it looked like Chef Boyardee had eaten a nice plate of lasagna and regurgitated it into my to-go container. Usually, they give us bread but not this time. We also ordered a large ceasar salad for $7.50. It consisted of a couple handfuls of lettuce, some croutons, and a light sprinkling of Parmesan. Not worth the money.
This place was really good.  I ate here last night with a co-worker and thought the food was very tasty.  I had the carpaccio to start, which was well prepared.  The tenderloin was sliced paper thin and the arugala salad on top was a nice pairing.  For dinner, I had the proscuitto wrapped chicken breast stuffed with ricotta, spinach and pine nuts.  I thought it had great flavor and would certainly order it again.  The roasted asparagus and steamed broccoli rounded out a nice entree.  For dessert, a latte and tiramisu.  Both were excellent.  The service was prompt and attentive, the location was a little tough to find as an out of towner, but we managed.  I would certainly eat here again if I was in the area.
This was my second time at Fratelli Milano and we once again had an exceptional meal. We had just come from my sister's graduation and been delayed about an hour from terrible traffic so we were all starving. Luckily we were still able to get our table although they did sit us in the back near the bathroom. We ordered the caprese salad, the calamari, and the butternut squash soup. The mozzarella was very fresh, it was like cutting through a tender filet. The calamari was crispy and easy to chew and served with a big bowl of tomato soup. The butternut soup although a little rich  had the perfect balance of sweet and cream. My mom had a little too much and got full off of it. They also give you complimentary baguette type bread which is served with a tomato, olive oil, and herb mix. Its a little different from what I'm used to but it is quite addicting once you start soaking the bread in the sauce. For entrees. My dad ordered the veal, my mom the Chilean sea bass special, my sister the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio, my other sister a chicken dish, and I got the bucatini with brocolli, and sausage. We all tried each others dishes and my dish was the unanimous winner! (Which never happens)The tomato sauce filled the bucatini (a spaghetti like tubular pasta) and mixed with the brocolli and herbed sausage was flavorful with every bite. I liked my sister's chicken which was tender and stuffed with pesto and cheese. It was served with roasted potatoes. My mother's chillean sea bass was very tender but rich, she didn't even finish half of it. I was really excited to try the Fiocchi di Pera since everyone raves about it and I liked it don't get me wrong but I don't know if I would order it. 1. I prefer my pasta with meat or shrimp. 2. I don't like sweet pasta enough to eat it for a whole meal. We were pretty stuffed but we had to get dessert. We got the panna cotta which is probably one of the best I've ever had. Do yourself a favor and just got try it, you won't be disappointed. The ladyfingers in the tiramisu had been well soaked in coffee and the dish was light, creamy but not overly sweet. Definitely a great way to end the meal. Our main waiter was busy so he wasn't as attentive as we would have liked but the bussers helping him were great so it made up for it. The 17-18% tip was automatically added to our bill, just an FYI. YELP 365: 146/365
This may be one of my least favorite restaurants in Miami. The farfalle salad was unseasoned and hard. The fettucini alfredo was overcooked. The lasagna was extremely overcooked, ice cold in the middle, and the sauce tasted a lot like Chef Boyardee which did elicit fond memories of my childhood. Although the pasta is supposedly homemade, it is not apparently fresh.
Amazing, amazing, amazing.   The pasta dishes were incredibly fresh and savory - specifically the papardelle and fiocchi de pera.  Even the leftovers were delicious.  Staff was friendly and I honestly had no complaints from the service: our water was always filled, wine always poured, and our bread always warm.  Our handsome waiter had an Italian accent and GUARANTEED that I would like the dish he recommended - he delivered on his promise! To top it all off, we discovered that this is a family-run establishment (2 brothers - fratelli - duh), which are always good to support.  A must try!
This place meets the hype and surpasses it. Loved the upscale ambiance. Went here for dinner and were seated immediately. The bread that comes out is awesome. I ordered the Agnolotti di Pollo and it might be the best italian dish I've ever had. I know that is a lot of hyperbole, but seriously, it might be. It was so good my friend wanted to come backa and get what I got haha. Service was quick and friendly. Food wasn't too expensive either. Might have been the best meal that we had in Miami. Will absolutely come back again.
You know those times when someone hypes something up so much that you're disappointed when it doesn't live up to it? I know the feeling, it happens way too many times...so I won't hype this up too much before it disappoints but I will say that this place set a high bar for pasta. I saw a lot of hype on Yelp about the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio (pear-stuffed pasta with taleggio cheese in a sage-and-butter sauce) so I trusted in Yelpers to lead me to pasta heaven and you did not fail me. This was a great dish, not overly sweet, and a perfect combination of ingredients. The pasta shells had to be homemade and the cheese combined with sage and pear was mouth-watering good. I was suffering from a coffee ulcer but still felt compelled to eat these god-sent pasta shells. Get it, and I hope it exceeds your expectations. On another note, parking was ample (but it costs money), the neighborhood of Brickell was pretty quiet that Thursday evening, and the customer service was decent. I would love to come back to Miami just to eat their pear-stuffed pasta again, it was truly memorable. Reservations accepted, there are areas that can fit 10 people and possibly more if you combine tables.
The ambiance here reminded me of Italy. And in fact the table next to me was speaking Italian. That was the first cue that this would be a good restaurant if the local Italians wined and dined here. The waiters and waitresses also had Italian accents, which made me really excited. Shorty after ordering, the waitress brought out bread and tomatoes which was very bruschetta-like. I ordered the pasta with fettucini and shrimp, scallops, calamari, and mussels which tasted delicious. Overall I was very pleased with the taste of the food and my experience here.
So we wanted to grab a quick bite before heading off to a show in Miami Fashion Week, I looked on Yelp and decided on Fratelli Milano b/c everyone seems to love it and its very close to my house. Its a cute little place, they might want to think about expanding because it is quite a crowded little area. The staff were all nice, although it did take a moment for someone to acknowledge us (it was busy). The weather was great so we sat outside (love that). I had the Gnocchi which was pretty good but I like Perricones better and my mate got something different than he ordered but he ate it anyways and seemed to like it. The prices aren't bad at all either. Not sure what everyone is RAVING about so I guess I will have to go back to try it again, but overall I think its a nice little spot to check out. :0)
Wow the fresh bread and oil/tomato dip is a great start. Perfectly seasoned with a bit of heat from the red peppers. I had the lunch special pizza it rocked and sitting on the sidewalk added a nice flare to the meal. Its a great find in the downtown Miami area
This place is wonderful! It is small intimate and romantic. You really feel like you are family when you are dining here. The pastas are great and the desserts are even better. I particularly enjoy the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio. It is a purse shaped pasta stuffed with Taleggio cheese and Pears. It is the perfect combination of sweet and salty. It is served with a butter sage sauce. Great entree but Can be a bit heavy for lunch. I recommend sharing it and ordering a salad or bruchetta to start. For dessert i love the tiramisu and the Almond Panna Cotta is to die for! It is cool creamy and the perfect consistency. It rivals the Panna Cotta I have had in Europe. If you haven't been to this place GO! GO NOW!
Stumbled upon this restaurant by accident. We were looking for an Asian sandwich shop. The food was fantastic. The wait staff was attentive. Will definately be back the next time Im' in Miami.
So my friends birthday was coming up and she loves pasta so she wanted to try out this place, we were a group of about 15-20.  The service was great, the staff was friendly and new the menu well.  The place looks smaller than what it really is, being in down town it was pretty big. I started out sharing the argula saladmixed with almonds and a raspberry vinagrette which was delicious.  Then i had the veal scallopini with potatoes and that was great and my husband had the mushroom riosotto it was exquisite.  For dessert we all shared the tiramisu, the cannoli, and the chocolate molten cake. I particularly only tried the tiramisu which was phenomenal.
We had a really great meal here.  The sea bass was excellent.  The pasta special was really nice, but the tuna was a bit overlooked (but not enough so to lower this to four stars).  Pretty solid wine list at reasonable markups.
A great find for a new downtown dweller. I asked our concierge for a quick recommendation on where to order from -- when I was in the middle of my renovation.   She mentioned that this "place" delivers to the building all the time, so they must be good :) I gave it a shot (even though I've had some crappy recommendations from our own concierge).   I was quite happy when I was greeted on the phone with a friendly, English speaking voice.  I know -- may sound racist.. but it's a tough thing to find around here. The gentleman was professional and promised the food would be great. When he arrived, again, was very friendly -- when I got back to my condo -- I was pleasantly surprised at HOW good the food was!  Great portions (not too much, not too little).. great flavor, fresh veggies and perfect pasta.   Helps that the guy that kindly brought my tasty meal was easy on the eyes, making the whole experience quite good :) Needless to say - I'll be asking him 'home' again in the future.
very traditional tastes and regular menu. missing its own speciality to stand out.
We had such a wonderful dining experience at Fratelli Milano, I would give them 6 stars!  We were a group of 14 and I was amazed at the great service, and even more so the great food!  Everyone in the party was thrilled with everything, we all left raving about our meal. The homemade pasta is where it's at.  The portions are a manageable size for very reasonable prices.  I ordered the pappardelle milano and loved every bite.  I tried my sister's fettucine allo scoglio and it was delish, I will order that next time for sure.  It was loaded with seafood and had an amazing seafood flavor without being "fishy".  We shared a bunch of apps at the table, the caprese salad was fantastic thanks to the huge basil leaves and prosciutto. As other have mentioned, the panna cotta was stellar.   Our waiter did such a great job with our large group.  We had three different bottles of wine and he remembered who was drinking what with ease.  He happily took our group photo, and went above and beyond to make our experience comfortable and a complete delight.  The only minor issue was the food runners auctioning off the plates, the names are tricky and we were all in conversation, they should know where each plate is going although I'm sure no one else even noticed.  Will return soon and wouldn't hesitate to recommend Fratelli Milano to others!
AMAZING. Have had a few dishes here, all TO DIE. This place makes amazing food and adorable little restaurant
WOW!  I kept reading all the reviews on this place, and like always my fellow yelpers did not let me down.  I brought my skeptical parents, and they definetely had a change of heart.  This is the best pasta you can ever try.  Actually everything was exceptional!   We had the caprese salad and it was delish!  I was trying not to totally blow the diet so I didn't get the calamari, but it looked sooo good.  Then we all ordered a different dish so we could all share, everything was great.  We had the risotto, the chicken diavola, and the chilean seabass with a side of spinach pasta.   Whatever you order don't pass up on dessert, everything is homemade.  Can't wait to go back and take everyone I know.
After reading about this little bistro on Yelp, I checked it out while waiting for the jury to return a verdict last week (thankfully we won!). Anyways, my co-counsel  and I split a thin crust pizza which was ok. Kinda like Tombstone.  I had a pasta dish with shrimp which was pretty good. The shrimp really did not have that much flavor.  Fresh though.  My co-consel had a homemade ravioli dish with a reddish cream sause.  He inhaled it so it must have been pretty good.  Mind you that he is a tri-athelete and bikes/runs regularly so he has a good appitite.  Place is really small but outside seating is available.
3 Words... Good Italian cuisine! I always come here with family and friends. 100% Recommended
Thanks purely to Yelp I found this place - and what a gem!  Truly a neighborhood Italian restaurant where you are positive in one or two visits they will remember your name.  We had a bruscetta appetizer that I have since stolen the recipe and reproduced it several times for company! The pastas are all homemade and the sauces are delicious.  The wine list is simple but seemed to have some variety.  The prices are great too! Fratelli Milano knocks most Italian places out of the water.  I can't wait to go back and become a regular!
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Local, fresh and homemade Italian food. This is as good as it gets. Owned by two Italian brothers who do all the cooking, this little whole-in-the-wall is well worth a trip into downtown. All dishes are under $20 and the desserts are to die for. The only thing I'd change is the wine list. However, everything else (including wait staff) should stay forever! I love Fratelli Milano!
Heads up.  They are closed until renovation is complete.  Until then, they will be sorely missed.
I LOVE this place! Great food, great service! Two weeks passed but I still missed the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio (pear-stuffed pasta with taleggio cheese)! Have to try it at least once in life! The  pre-served fresh bread with red sauce is also delicious! I'm trying to make one at home but... The desserts are exceptional.  I started to fall in love with lemon after I had lemon tart here. My boyfriend loved the tiramisu too. People here are very friendly and helpful. I will give 6 stars if I can. I'm now just missing this place!
This place never disappoints. I ordered from here on Saturday ... I had the fiocchi di pera (not sure if I spelled that correctly), either way, it's the dish with the pear - OMG, amaaaazing!!! And I tried the Panna Cota for the FIRST time in my life, OMG - amazing!!! I can't believe I haven't had tried this here before. MUST try!
Very missable so you have to keep an eye out just to find the place...but what a gem! The food was really really good and I can truly say that they have the BEST lasagna that I have ever tasted. Not heavy or overly meaty - but seriously melt-in-your mouth. The service is okay, nothing stellar, but we weren't in any rush, so didn't bother us too much. For dessert we had the profiteroles and they were very good as well. Would def come back here! 4.5
This place is pretty good, I never knew we even had any "good" restaurants in downtown till I came here... we came without a reservation (oops!) but were seated fairly quickly outside, service was good, food was excellent... I ordered the lasagna which while I know its not as "exciting" as other menu items I enjoyed it very much...
I work in downtown and we order from them all the time-- there is always something lurking in our food. Hair, plastic, iron box staples-- something is always in our food.  They are always quick to rectify but one day Im afraid of getting hurt. The bombolones are great and the lasagna is fantastic-- so long as I dont find anything in em... Good food, but inspect throughout before consumption.
Came here after a long day out on the boat. Didnt try much but what I had was great, had the lobster bisque soup.. yummy and the antipasto mixto and caprese. Everything was great even though it was a bit empty on a Sunday night. The decor was very nice and I would defnitely like to try this place out again on a weekend night for drinks and a nice dinner.
Wow. I was not expecting this. Maybe the table of old Italian men sitting next to us chatting away (for hours) should have tipped me off. Maybe the fact that everyone in the restaurant spoke Italian, and people that passed by our cafe-style table outside as we ate offered and received greetings in the same, should have told me. This place is legit. I was a few Peronis in and I still hadn't figured it out by the time our food came, so the "Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio" (pear-stuffed pasta with taleggio cheese in a sage-and-butter sauce) literally blew my face off when I put it in my mouth. Literally, FACE OFF. I had no face. But I put it back on in time to finish that dish, plus Gnocchi al Gusto in pink sauce, plus the Tortino al Cioccolato (Are you even surprised? Do we know each other?) for dessert. And I lived happily ever after. One star off for the neighborhood surrounding this place, unless you need to buy a knockoff watch, in which case add that star back plus one more, for a total of six stars. (If this part of Miami is not the fake Rolex retail capital of the world, I'd be surprised.) Watches aside, this part of Brickell is a little seedy - although we felt perfectly safe sitting outside for dinner, thanks to the restaurant's charming atmosphere and the spell cast by the sun setting on the first day of our vacation. Oh, and also maybe the Peronis.
why why oh why!!! fresh pasta, amazing tilipia and crappy crappy rude service!!! ugh so heres the story went on a double date here on a thursday night, I ordered the fish with pasta, boyfriend ordered the lobster pasta, other couple ordered a pasta and a chicken.... my meal was amazing...the pasta is def fresh and made in house. bf pasta dish was pretty good...the other couples pasta was yummy too...heres the problem gf's chicken was under cooked; like RAW! naturally we brought this to the attention of the waiter...who didnt respond an just picked up the dish and walked away....the result is my gf fuming...so I call the manager whose response was "we should have realized the chicken was undercooked before she ate some of it" (note raw chicken was found in the middle) no apology, no comp, not even a offer of free wine/dessert... its a shame because my dish was great; however a undercooked chicken is a major red flag for me as a consumer..note I argue with my bf at home about whether burned chicken is done enough lol....therfore we will not go back...a place with 237 amazing reviews, close to home and even found through yelp....YELP YOU LET ME DOWN this time...
We go for dinner every 2 weeks or so. Fresh ingredients Casual atmosphere Well prepared, thoughtful dishes Inexpensive Decent wine Parking never a problem Friendly staff that let me practice my Italian with them (and they don't laugh at me) Homemade lemon tart to die for!!!!!!
The food was delicious.  There were 7 of us in the party and although it was incredibly crowded, they were able to get all of us at 2 tables.  The service was a little slow, but understandably since it was busy.  I had the gnocchi and it was meh.  Just okay.  A friend had the risotto and that was delicious.  I ended up finished her plate of it!  The cannoli at the end was an added benefit.  Would definitely go again, but when it's not as busy.
My girl feeling a little down, I wanted to cheer her up with some italian food. (Read some reviews and decided to come here). At first the house Chardonnay, which I rarely drink white wine, was exquisitely refreshing, smooth and perfectly cool. (Highlyyyyyyy recommend!). Although the Menu... a little confusing. I didn't know what were appetizers, what were the Chicken options. The problem is the First half of the Menu is in Rows, the bottom is in Columns then back into rows... They tried hard to put it all in 1 page and it simply confusing. But the food made up for it. WOW! Simply delicious! Had a Margherita Pizza and she had the fiocchi Di pera e Taleggio.  WOW!!! I ate my entire pizza. It was GOOD and her Tortellini, BOOOM!!!! The people were nice, the place is small and cozy, the prices are great for the quality of the food. 100% returning!
Fresh pasta, Fresh Shrimps, Fresh bread, Creamy sauce, good service gets you as close as your going to get to Milan. The only hangup was parking. I will be back for sure.
Im was very disappointed this morning. Last time I went to Fratelli was in the summer for my birthday, and I was mad back then too. Lets start with the June adventure, went with two of my girls for a little celebration dinner. Told the waiter to tell the chef to be original because it was my birthday, but it seemed that was too much of a request. I got sold by a pushy waiter a pasta dish. It wasn't bad but it wasn't spectacular. If it hadn't been for the desserts I would have said the dinner was a bust. This morning I was looking for a place to have a quick bite and since I was in the area decided to give a try to the panini section of the menu. The soup was fab, Ill give them that, but the panini was mediocre at best, asked to change the cheese and GOT CHARGED 1.50 for a slice of burned mozzarella?!?!?! no way jose! the coffee was good, but I wont be coming back anytime soon.
This restaurant is nice with great service.  My brother had the Agnolotti di Pollo, I had the Fettuccini allo Scoglio and my husband had the pasta special of the night (can't remember what it's called).  All of the dishes were very good.
Before the film festival a group of us decided to walk in Fratelli for expectantly great Italian cuisine. The server asked how many to our party and sarcastically replied, " Five is a lovely number." It was about 7:00pm, there were maybe 2 occupied tables and the server said that he could only sit us outside as there wasn't anything available until 8:45pm. Sitting outside wasn't a problem, but those tables remained empty well past 9:00pm. The server had a heavy Italian accent, and made extreme effort to add extra syllables to every word. What would you like to drink sounded like " whateh woulded youeh likey eh to drinkededed." Something tells me he was a fraud and his real name was Paul and he's from Minnesota. I ordered the seafood risotto, and I received a paella with hard rice. I was pretty sad about that, but I never send food back. Also, he offered us apple strudel for dessert which I'm pretty sure is German. Last night was a 2.5, but I'm going to give the benefit of doubt and give 3 because everyone else felt it was satisfactory. * Advice: make reservation, avoid Paul from Minnesota, avoid risotto.
This place is outstanding!! I had the chicken with a cheese crust in a lemon sauce...my mouth watered. My husband had this pear and cheese dumping in a light cream sauce...deliciouso!! Just stop by and try it u won't be disappointed.
Step off of the hot and sooty streets of downtown Miami and step into Italy. Whether it's the accents of the waiters that draw you in or a waft of the divine food, this place is extraordinary. With my sister I split the Aioli Vegetariano which was a pressed sandwich with fresh mozzarella and roasted & grilled vegetables. To our delight the waiter went ahead and had our dish split in the back for us, each half being almost the size of a normal sandwich. The bread was crunchy with no sogginess from the vegetables, a problem most sandwiches with roasted vegetables would encounter. The mozzarella was fresh and soft, it really made the sandwich. Afterwards the tempting display of desserts drew us in. I had the panna cotta dessert. To my surprise it wasn't heavy at all. It was light and delightful. Everything at Fratelli Milano tastes freshly made. The service was equally outstanding as the food and everyone was amicable.
Wow, fresh pasta and great cheese. Nothing to complain about here. Service was top notch, true Italiano working here. They hosted a group of 15 for us, yet, they managed to bring food quick and drink aways on the table. AWESOME!!
Visited Fratelli Milano on a recent trip to Miami.   Overall, a very good restaurant.  The service was attentive (though it took some time to get the check), the food was great. I had the buffalo mozzarella appetizer special.  The mozzarella was great, with the items that came with it (parma ham, peppers) were pretty good.  For the main course, I had the risotto fruita de mare, which was excellent.  The seafood was perfectly cooked, while the risotto was prepared just right. recommended!
Best Italian food downtown. I think it's better than Il Gabbiano. I mean definitely a different experience; it's not trying to be a super fancy restaurant. It's cute, quiet, and easy. Consistently good. My go-to for Italian delivery or easy dinner. Get the chicken ravioli. GET IT and thank me later.
Based on all the positive reviews we walked down to Fratelli and had dinner this week - delicious!   We started with the caprese salad, which they placed on two separate plates, then I had the baked lasagna and the Hubbs had the margarita pizza.  The lasagna was to die for!  Melt in your mouth fresh made pasta - perfecto!!!!  The pizza was good but having eaten the real deal all over Italy it was not as authentic as we expected it to be.  They used dried basil instead of fresh basil.   Hmmmm, after two drinks I worked up the courage to ask the waiter if the owner was around and he was!  He was cooking!  We told him the lasagna was exceptional but asked what the deal was with the dried basil leaves???  He said that the he was catering to the tastes of the Miami customer - eeeeeeeck!!!  The Miami customer does not know great Chinese or Mexican, how could they possibly know what really great Italian is suppose to taste like???  I implored the owner to keep everything as authentic as his homemade pasta. We will be back for more pasta and some veal.  Our bill: 1 bottle of Melbec, one caprese salad, one lasagna, one margarita pizza = $60+.  Really good price considering the great food and service! Thank you Fratelli Milano!!!
Loved this place, the decor and ambiance were great, service was fantastic. Food was great, loved my ravioli and the mussels, loved the chocolate dessert. My husband didn't like his lemon veal - but I think that's cause he doesn't like lemon dishes in general - not the chef's fault, I thought it was great.
I needed an authentic Italian restaurant near the American airlines arena to satisfy my foodie brother who was visiting for a concert. This place exceeded our expectations. To start, the owner and our waiter were Italian, so my brother could speak Italian to them and get tips on the best meal suggestions.  We started out with the salad with burrata cheese and prosciutto, drizzled with balsamic vinegar. The cheese was very creamy, and the prosciutto was sliced thin with a strong delicious salty taste.  We also ordered the mussels in white wine sauce.  They were plump and soft and fresh, and the bread they gave us begged to swim in the mussel sauce.   For our main, we had gnocchi with pesto and the steak wrapped in more prosciutto.  The gnocchi was good but not much that I need to run back for more. The pesto, however, I could probably pour on cardboard and make it scrumptious.  The steak was flavorful and tender but I could hardly taste the prosciutto once it had been cooked and blackened.   All their desserts which were displayed in cases looked great, but we only shared the panna cotta.  It was worth the weight, with its sweet, firm texture , topped with berries and raspberry drizzle. I don't eat downtown very often, so this place was new to me. It's going to become a regular pre-show dinner spot from now on!
Fratelli Milano is a hidden gem of downtown Miami, though from the looks of the expanding crowds, it is not so hidden anymore. Located on a busy street in Miami's CBD, this restaurant delivers fresh, delicious, ridiculously well-priced for the quality food. It is a go-to lunch spot and a great place for dinner.
Authentic homemade Italian food, prepared the Italian way. Linguine frutte de mar - fresh al dente pasta, seafood juicy never rubbery. 4.5 stars. Pizza with Parma and arugula - 3.5. Parma was ok, crust and cheese to sauce ratio very good. Tiramisu - some of the better I've had. Scrumptious. 5 stars Canoli - 4 stars. Shell not too thick. Ricotta filling with tiny dark chocolate chips. Lovely. I would go out of my way to return to Fratelli Milano on my next Miami trip. No doubt!
Fratelli has great lunches.  The food is good and prices are average for a fine restaurant.
This is, by far, the best Italian restaurant I've been to and probably the best casual dining experience in anywhere in Miami. The brothers from Milan are serving up authentic Italian cuisine, fresh pasta, great service - all at reasonable prices. I recommend: Vitello alla Milanese: breaded and fried Veal cutlet served over a bed of arugula and topped with fresh diced tomatoes, bocconcini, and basil. Tagliatelle Spiga: homemade spinach noodles, wild mushrooms, bell peppers, sautéed onions, and zucchini in a garlic & olive oil sauce. All the desserts are great too!
Truly amazing! We were visiting & didn't want to eat near the chaos of Miami. We like privately owned gems & Fratelli Milano was exactly this. Not to mention fresh & from scratch. Everything is made in house, from scratch (from the pasta to the pastries). I usually try to order something unique when traveling & opted for the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio" (pear-stuffed pasta with taleggio cheese in a sage-and-butter sauce). Sounds strange but it was the most perfect pairing like bacon wrapped dates @ a tapas place. It wasn't overly sweet (just a hint) & oh so delicious. A dish that you ate as slow as possible to savor each bite. I highly recommended that dish & they give you a good amount. He got the lasagne (which I tasted) & it was to die for. The noodles were so homemade that I can't even describe the distinct taste of perfection. There wasn't too much cheese, but juts enough to make your mouth water! A good amount of meat & the sauce was so rich & packed w/ flavor. We had the caprese salad (a fave of mine) & it was just ok for me (had way too much prosciutto- good for those who love it), not enough balsamic reduction & never enough cheese! =) Had a half bottle of chardonnay for $40 which didn't taste any different from a $15 full bottle from your local liquor store. I will so crave this place when we go back home. I wanted to eat here the very next night but my boyfriend thought I was delusional! Moving on tonight. Please eat here, you won't be disappointed. Stick to a glass of wine, the bottles are way overpriced. A pretty small establishment. Awesome service & great atmosphere. I think most of the staff spoke Italian which just added to the authenticity!
When an Italian tells you to eat at an Italian restaurant, you listen. I didn't know from the legions of Italian eateries in Miami but when a trusted resource (straight from the motherland) told me to rush over and do not pass go, well, who am I to argue with that kind of knowledge? After lucking in to some rockstar parking, I was ready to check out what I'd heard so much about. Realize before all else, FM is small. I would avoid coming here with a large group. If you do so, it might be a while before you're seated and eating. A four-top is the perfect size. Seated, it's time to eat. Start off with some meat & cheese. The antipasto misto is a fantastic sampling of salumi and formaggi. Between the prosciutto, the coppa, the parmigiano, and the mozzarella, you will be hard-pressed not to find something you like. But, if that does happen, order up the fritto milano: a little calamari and artichoke never hurt anyone... and neither does the fantastic assortment of red wines FM has at the ready. Pace yourself. The folks at FM give a nice amount of food. Even though the specials, typically, are pretty awesome, I had my eye on the bucatini. It's not so special in bells & whistles (pasta, sweet sausage, pecorino, broccoli, garlic, and tomato sauce) but the flavors are so fresh, you won't mind the lack of fireworks. That said, if the lamb shank is on special, get it. I had a bite of another order and my legs got a little weak. I was in a pasta mood, hence the buctatini, but if you're a carnivore, make sure you get the lamb (if they have it). Save some room for dessert. No, seriously. Do it. If you are a choc-a-holic, the tortino al cioccolato will turn.you.out. It's a chocolate souffle, served warm with creme anglaise and vanilla ice cream. Even though I was stuffed, I ate all of this fantastic dessert* by myself. In fact, I may have dared my tablemates to try to take some. The details aren't important. *And I got a chocolate chip cookie to go. I'm not to blame. I was staring at it all dinner long. The cookie was huge, filled with chocolate and was delectable warmed up that nigh... the next day. I'm not ashamed.
I love this place.
There is a rule in business called the triple constraint. The constraint says that no product offering or service model can be good, fast, and cheap. According to the rule, each business owner has to pick two traits to focus on, and automatically sacrifices the third. Whoever dreampt that rule up, has NEVER met Mr. Fratelli Milano.
Great food and value. This is a hidden gem. I love to go during the week, and at night. I tried to go once for lunch and it was impossible to get a table. Highly recommended.
I was so excited to try Fratelli Milano, and when I was passing by while running an errand for work, I stopped in to grab something to go. The place was pretty crowded, so I had a feeling I would have to wait a bit. A bit turned into 10 minutes before I was even acknowledged. A waiter came over and said he'd pass along my order. A few people came up after that, but there was a lot of confusion. Finally, someone came out that seemed like the take-out/counter staff. They said her "station" was in the kitchen. I thought that was weird since it's a front of house kind of position. It was probably also the reason I had to wait so long. I waited another 10 minutes for my food, but it was worth the wait. I ordered the Classico Milano panini. The chicken was moist and the ciabatta tasted fresh and had a nice crunch. It was a pretty big sandwich and came with a small side of chips. I also got an order of these chocolate covered cream puffs. It tasted like an eclair from Publix. It was okay, but at 3 small puffs for $5, I'll order something else next time. Total was $15, so with tip, it was way more than what I usually pay on my lunch break at work. They do have a lunch special for take-out and delivery orders for $7.75 which makes it more in the range of places in the area. I can't wait to actually sit down to eat at this place rather than carrying my lunch back to my office. I think my sandwich would have been even better if I had it straight from the kitchen. The pizzas and pastas that I saw coming out looked fantastic. I will probably update my review when I can really enjoy this place, but I think if a restaurant is going to offer take-out and delivery, it should attempt to deliver the same 5 star experience that my fellow Yelpers shared. I'm excited to try Fratelli Milano again, but it won't be my first option for take-out.
Our family was visiting Miami and we visited.  This was one of our favorite dining experiences we have ever had.  The service and food were too notch...highly recommended!
We went to Fratelli Milano on a double date with some friends. The place is small and quaint and since its in Downtown the area was pretty much dead at 9 p.m. We found parking right infront of the restaurant.  Our friends were already sitted so we did not have to wait. However, for a Friday night it was pretty empty. (Again, probably because its in Downtown) I had cheese tortellini (which I believe was a special that night) and my fiance had the Ravioli di Arangosta (Lobster Ravioli with a delightful pink vodka sauce). Both entrees were amazing. For dessert I had a creme brulee. It was exquisite, so much so that I have no idea what my fiance ordered for dessert! LOL I was too distracted with my little piece of heaven. Dinner came out to about $110 - so its not cheap, but its not outrageously expensive considering the quality of food. We will definetely be going there again soon. And I would highly recommend it for a date night, the restaurant has a very romantic ambiance.
came here for dinner during my weekend trip to miami. i got the carpaccio di manzo while my friend got the pappardelle milano. both dishes were memorable. the steak in the pasta dish was succulent and savory, and the sauce was above par! my arugula salad was fresh and delicious. would definitely revisit this place if i'm ever in miami again.
Mon frere- I mean, mia fratelli. Te amo. Mon dieu.  Aie caramba. Ooo lala. Mama mia. Ok- that's enough of that. A classic, busy, bustling bistro with white linen and bistro chairs and the most delicious italian food  with a dash of downtown power lunch. Great eye candy - mostly male - enjoying the best neighborhood business lunch their expense accounts can buy. Ok, maybe not the best - but it's up there. I had a fantastic pasta special with salmon. Delicate and light and hearty and rich - all at the same time. My new work friends had - well, I don't know because I was too busy worshipping my dish. They were happy. We chewed a lot.
The best italian in town for the money..
I agree with Marqus, this is a true hidden downtown gem!! Loved it! The ambiance is amazing. Very low key and everyone was very courteous. The staff was attentive and they knew the menu like the back of their hand. I got the pear pasta!!! OMG..so good. Better than any other pear pasta dish I've had. You must give this place a chance!
We were staying at one of the downtown hotels in Miami and were dying hungry at 4 pm. Thanks to yelp we stopped by this place and were told that they were serving salad, sandwiches, and pizzas only. I have to say for lunch we had some awesome food. We sat outside in small tables under the sun and trees. The chicken pannini was great, hot, crisp and tasty. The pizza are thin crust and crunchy. Overall great food and a very nice little place. Thanks yelpers you really come through on this one...
My boyfriend and I stopped in here for lunch while on our way out of Miami.. I was a little hesitant at first because it had all the markings of a '5 stars for the Work Lunch' type of place.. but it was a delicious meal, served up well within work-lunch time.. you don't get that very often. This is one of the few Italian restaurants I'll give 5 stars, cause I'm a picky little thing :) The waitstaff were very friendly and the food was delicious... I had the Tortellini di Formaggio (So worth the calories!!!) and the boy had the Vitello alla Milanese which he loved and the veal was cooked perfectly,crispy and light, matched great with the caprese. I only wish we'd had time to have a coffee and desert... seemed like each person who walked it was grabbing one, if not coming in just for the coffee and pastry :) Next time, for sure! I say, if you're making choices right now.. Go Here rather than the 'other' top rated Italian restaurant in the area.. it's about half the price, and this was extremely well prepared food:)
Nice, quiet restaurant. Good flavors, decent sized portions. Reasonably priced. Very good service for a Miami restaurant. Definitely recommend!
A friend of mine who lives in the area is always raving about this place and I finally got a chance to go see what all the fuss was about. SO GOOD! I really enjoyed my overall experience. The ambiance, services, and, of course, the food was great! It's a nice little authentic Italian place in downtown. I had the bruschetta tradizionale to start off...I savored down to the last diced tomato on the plate. As we waited for the food, I had a glass of the house Merlot which tasted pretty nice for a house wine. For the entree I had the agnolotti di pollo with the pink sauce...so flavorful! I do regret to inform, however, that I did not have enough room for dessert. I will most definitely return...and I'll have dessert!
Thoughts......Can't decide between three or four stars...going with three because the service was off.  But the place was packed so I kinda understand.  Ok so after reading all the great reviews about the food I had to check it out.  The pasta's are homemade and really good.  The best?  No not the best I've ever had but dam good.  The mussels were just ok but the carpaccio was excellent.  Not expensive but not cheap.  Simple and nice decor.  Location - meh.  I overall liked it but the best in Miami?  Eh.  With that said Miami lacks great Italian unless you consider Sardinia Italian.....anyways, I hoped for awesome and got pretty good.
The best casual Italian restaurant in Miami, their homemade pasta is one of the best pasta I have ever tried.   This place is very casual in the heart of old downtown Miami but serve the best pasta. Their seafood fettuccine is my favorite, and I don't normally like fettucine at all. Unlike some fine dining Italian restaurant where there is dress code and require reservation ahead, you can even wear flip flop to this place.  But there is certainly a bit of wait during busy lunch hours. There are many excellent fine dining Italian restaurants in Miami. But if you are looking for something casual and yet serve excellent food, Fratelli Milano is the one.
Friendly service but gnocchi tasted like they had just been taken out of the freezer and everyone else I was with dishes tasted bland and frozen. Unfortunate because the place is cute.
A good choice for Italian food !!!! Excellent service, reasonable prices, home made pasta and tomato salsa. We were in 8 so I had the  opportunity to try and see 3 or 4 of there dishes.   I order the babilica bible I don't remember exactly the name of it, what i can say is that pasta was perfect cooked and the taste of the tomato salsa was to die from, in this dish also had slices of file mignhon that was taste and soft, very good  quality. Everything I saw my friends eating was very impress, they loved and we really enjoy it. For dessert I had the panacota omgggg delicious. I'll be back soon believe me :) Don't exited to try, I'm a 100% shore you will like it.
Fratelli Milano never fails. The food is sooo delicious (I recommend the lasagna,  caprese salad, AND tiramisu) and their new dining room is gorgeous and very hip. Theres a lot more seating now which is a plus. If you're craving good, inexpensive 5 star Italian food, this is the place to go!
Awesome authentic Italian food. The place is really small and is only open during the week, but it boasts fantastic cuisine and service. My boyfriend and I split a salad and ravioli. They split the dishes for us which is always scores brownies points with me. The vodka sauce on the ravioli was to die for, I would have licked the plate if I wouldn't have been outcast from society. This place is a definite must.
This place is great.  The food is authentic.  The service and atmosphere are great.  I have gone at least ten times and I am never disappointed.  Even with large groups, they do a great job.  Come here any time for italian food.  Reservations are a good idea but not always needed.
I've had this place bookmarked forever, and finally decided to try it! I went on a Friday night and was pleased to find free metered parking on Flagler (one block over). On arrival, we were quickly seated outside. It was a nice breezy evening, perfect for dining outdoors, but the chain smoker at the neighboring table ruined the ambiance with her stinky smoke! If cigarette smoke annoys you, be sure to sit indoors. Our waiter was friendly and reviewed all the specials with us. We started out with the Brushetta with prosciutto, and the Polenta with mushrooms! They were both fabulous and quickly devoured! For the main course, I had to try the Fiochhi and pear, as I had read quite a few reviews praising this particular dish, and the waiter confirmed it was one of their most popular dishes. My friend ordered the Lobster ravioli. Both dishes came out quickly and the feast began! I had a taste of my friends ravioli...it was creamy and tasty...well done. As for my own selection, while I really enjoyed the creaminess and delicate flavors of this dish, the carnivorous side of me was very unsatisfied! For me, a meal without meat just isn't very fulfilling, so I wouldn't order that again. I saw lots of appetizing plates go by, so I am looking forward to trying something with a little more protein on my next visit. We ended our meal with a few cannoncinos....little puffed pastry shells stuffed with cream! They were awesome, and a perfect ending to our meal.
It was great. Homemade fettuccine in oil garlic mushroom and Italian sausage. Great soup of the day. Very fresh. Place was packed! Fair prices. Star lost for slow service. In fairness though, it was peak lunch hour.
The best Italian in Miami, Best homemade pasta nothing else compares!
Great spot, will go back. Pastas were delish, nice atmosphere, tucked away a bit, very cosy. Don't forget dessert!! Leave room! Service a tad slow but that's the Italian way!! Recommend for sure.
After paying Fratelli Milano a visit earlier today, I can say with certainty that it's my new favorite Downtown lunch spot. I hadn't been been to Fratelli Milano after my first visit several years ago which was before the renovation when there were still a very small number of tables inside. I made sure we arrived early to ensure we'd get a table, but thankfully the new space is much more generous and we were seated immediately. Unlike most of the restaurants in Downtown, the folks at Fratelli Milano dealt with the lunch rush with ease and the service didn't suffer as a result. I had the agnolotti di pollo, my intern had the fiocchi di pera e taleggio and my colleagues each had the lodi salad. The agnolotti was fresh and flavorful. I tried the fiocchi which was also delicious, and the salad was also raved about. Usually I don't expect a restaurant to provide perfect service during the lunch rush so I always allow a few misses, but today there were none. The water glasses were never empty and we didn't have to wait for our bill or for the cards to be returned. Overall, it was the perfect lunch.
Great date spot.  Nice decor and ambiance.  I ordered like a shrimp pasta dish and it was very good.  I wish the portion was a bit more, but it was enough for me to not leave terribly hungry.  Service is excellent.  Increase the portions, and easily a 5 star restaurant in my book.  I'll visit again when I'm in Miami.
Fratelli Milano is simply extraordinary. This was my second visit and I am not even sure where to begin, so I'll just praise away. The attention of the staff was superb, the food exquisite -- beyond spectacular. Everything was just top notch. We were 3 people, 2 appetizers, 3 entrees, a bottle of wine and 2 desserts all for under $130. I mean, for such excellent quality of food, ambiance, attention, staff-- it seems rather reasonable. I have to say this has already become in my top 3 favorite restaurants in Miami. No competition. Don't look any further, this is hands down the best Italian restaurant in all of South Florida.
Outstanding every time and we go out of our way to go to this spot if we're in Miami.  Can't miss on the menu and the desserts are even better.  The zest in the lemon tarts was crazy good.
Great meal with nice ambiance. All the pasta dishes ordered were good. Dessert was a bit too sweet for my taste though. Good find using the "nearby search" function in yelp while walking and looking for restaurant options.
Incredibly humble yet outstandingly delicious restaurant.
This restaurant is just ok. The food was not bad, but the service was not good. I have bad luck when it comes to servers. This guy was not Italian, he was Argentinean.  Not the problem. The problem was that he was unattentive and clueless about the menu/wine list. The sliced baguettes they served were not special, but they were certainly welcomed during the long waiting times between courses. We started with the mussels which took forever to arrive but were yummy, well-seasoned and a large portion for the price.  Then we waited some more. FINALLY the second course arrived.  The bf had a pizza and it was really good. Thin, crispy crust with delicious blistering from a brick oven, and tasty toppings. I had ordered a pasta dish with sausage (forget the name) but I made the mistake of ordering it with pappardelle.  I was really excited to try their homemade pasta, so I substituted the pappardelle for the dry pasta it was supposed to come with.   The pappardelle was a disappointment.  It was heavy and thick, and a lot of the peices ended up stuck together like pasta bricks.  The thickest of these 'pappardelle sticks', as we lovingly called them, was laying right on top of the dish. Somebody in that kitchen saw it. It was lazily left there and served to me anyway.
Not bad. Had lunch and dinner here before. Usually get the gnocchi with vodka sauce and calamari appetizer. The agnolotti di pollo is very good.
Yum! Fratelli Milano is a super cute, intimate, neighborhood spot with a very welcoming atmosphere and staff. I had been wanting to dine here for quite sometime, but somehow we just never made it until last Thursday night. I can't believe we waited that long! I'm going to start with service. Our server, Sergio, was really attentive, polite, and friendly. He and my boyfriend talked a bit of soccer (which was funny because I had no idea what they were talking about), and he really knew the menu quite well. Our food wasn't super fast, but I kind of liked that, because it gave us time to enjoy the bread and tomato/basil spread and chat about our day. We didn't feel rushed. When the food arrived, I was really impressed. I had the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio which is pear-and-chesse stuffed purse pasta, similar to the Fiocchi Gorgonzola at Perricone's. The sauce is a sage brown butter sauce, which went with the pasta very nicely and wasn't too heavy. My boyfriend had the Pollo Caprese, which he said was cooked perfectly, not a slight bit dry, and full of flavor. The highlight of our meal was dessert! OH MY GOD. We had the Profiterole, or cream puffs. They were beyond amazing. Puff pastry filled with pastry cream, dipped in chocolate, and served with whipped cream and a dusting of cocoa. They were TO DIE FOR. And for $5 for 3 good sized cream puffs, I was so impressed. It was the best dessert I have had in a very long time, and it's the perfect balance of something sweet and chocolaty without being heavy. Heavenly. Overall, we had a great experience and I'm sure that Fratelli Milano will quickly become one of our neighborhood favorites.
The reviews had me so excited, but I have to say the food really feel short.  I got the food delivered so this review is solely on the food.  I got the seafood fettuccine and the seafood was dry and chewy.  My hotel is only a 6 min drive from the restaurant, but the pasta had managed to solidify into the shape of the container by the time it arrived. I'm willing to give it another shot and try dining in the restaurant, but I have to say these reviews set me up for a big disappointment!
What this place lacks in space, it makes up for it in taste. Fratelli M. is a downtown lunch spot, but dinner is just as good. Their gnocchi in a four cheese sauce is simply amazing. There really are no words, but if you like gnocchi, this is where you need to go. Try their beef carpaccio in a truffle sauce too, that's just delicious. They also have at least 10 different home-made desserts. I've only tried the Napoleon here, but it just melted in my mouth. A tasty pastry filled with probably the best rich and creamy custard I've ever had along with whipped cream (and I don't even like whipped cream). I would come back just for this. Parking is a pain day or night. It is completely reasonable in price both for food and wine. If you want to have a meal that you can savor and after the 5th bite, you're still saying how good it is...go to Fratelli Milano.
My fellow yelpers are spot on.  DW and I dined on a Friday evening prior to a cruise.  This place was jumping!  Service was attentive, food was excellent.  Save room room for dessert.  DW had Creme Brulee which was absolutely the best creme brulee we have ever had.  The top was torched and the dish was served with flaming liqour on top, YUM!  I enjoyed one of the many house made pastries.  Will dine here again when we are in Miami.
Wonderful, friendly, and yummy. Fratelli Milano is hidden away in downtown Miami and I'm grateful to Yelp for helping me find this place. I had a wonderful dinner (I had the dish with pasta and filet mignon strips and my wife had the fettuccine seafood combo) - can't remember the exact name for either dish but they are easy to find on the menu. The pasta was cooked to perfection with the perfect blend of flavor. The place is small but has a nice feeling to it. It wasn't too crowded when we went in for dinner, probably something that will end soon.
Delicious!
Great Italian restaurant in downtown Miami. Went there this past weekend with my friends- and dined inside. The service was very accommodating! Try the calamari and Chilean sea-bass!!! All I can say besides cooked to perfection...is delicious! To sum it up: Food-check :) Service-check :) Ambiance-check :) Price-check :) Come back again....  check :) !
I want to clear up a few things first.  One, the restaurant is NOT in Brickell. I don't know if that's a mistake or a marketing ploy but it is smack downtown. Second, it is NOT 2 $$ signs; more like $$$.  That said, this is a great restaurant. Authentic upscale Italian food and excellent service. We went for the specials and my wife's snapper and my meat tortellini were outstanding. Desserts are fresh and worth the extra calories. Will definitely return although parking is a big issue. Not much on the street and the garages hose you on the price.
Our night started off well enough. My husband and I were running late for our 8pm reservation but called ahead and they were nice enough to hold our table. We were seated right away. The ambiance was warm and inviting. Here's what we ordered: Bruschetta Mediterranea, Minestrone (soup of the day), and Carpaccio di Manzo to start. For our entree, I ordered the Fettuccine Alla Scoglio and my husband had the Risotto Ai Funghi Porcini. The bruschetta was absolutely delicious. I would definitely recommend it. My carpaccio was exactly what you want a carpaccio to be: very thin slices topped with lots of arugula, and a light olive oil and lemon sauce (their carpaccio also includes  artichoke, portobello slices, and cherry tomatoes). However, the minestrone was lackluster at best. It was only OK after adding salt, pepper and cheese. The risotto was...boring. I was excited for the Fettuccine but the pasta was sticking together a bit and the sauce was just OK. As for the service, just one complaint: We were halfway through with our entrees before anyone offered us cracked pepper or cheese. Some of the dishes we saw others eating looked good enough to come back and try, but I'm in no rush.
Appetizers were great. Bread was fresh. Wine was great. Decor amazing. A nice family restaurant.  That being said the main dish was so salty. The homade pasta was great but the other ingredients tasted old and packaged.  The "filet mignon" in my pasta was tough and overcooked.  The waiter was slow but very nice.  Im not a big fan but the staff was very pleasant and kind. I paid for my meal but will not return.
Best Italian you know and love in Miami. Nothing over the top - just darn good food that meets or exceeds expectations time and time again. Generally I switch between Gnocci, Noodle Pastas, and Pizzas (the specials are usually great). I go there at least twice a month - and they have very little server turnover (which is a good thing). Its always packed, so get there early. Its worth rubbing elbows with the other downtowners to get a lunch that certainly surpasses the quality of all other downtown/brickell restaurants. UPDATE: Their renovation is fantastic. The place is still packed at lunch, and the quality remains exactly the same (GREAT). 5 stars it remains.
Great food & service.
Really really good. I read all about this place on Yelp and saw it was the number one Italian restaurant in Miami, so i had to check it out. It lived up to the billing. The prices were great and the portions were substantial. I had the gnochi in pink sauce, and it was easily the best I've ever had. My kids had the pizza and I tried a bite. It was one of the best I've had in Miami and is on par with South Philly best.
Nothing great.....
Fratelli Milano was awesome! My parents live down the street and are always going to this restaurant. So we decided to give it a try. We were very impressed! For appetizers, we had the pizza margarita- which was great! and the mussels and the calamari which were also very good.   For dinner we shared the chicken and it was also very very good.  My favorite part, dessert, we split a lemon tart which was awesome! The atmosphere is also very nice and the crowd was good.  Make sure to make reservations, because they get very packed.  We definitely plan on going back and would highly recommend for great Italian food!
Food was excellent and the ambiance was nice. I wish I had dined here with my wife but she was on the west coast. The owners are really italians and so is the food.They have awesome pizza, pasta, I had excellent cod and I wish I had room for one of the awesome looking pastries on display.Price was more than reasonable. Only flaws are the tv on (very italian and detracting of the ambiance) and the fact that the restaurant is located in an uncharming area of town.
Everything was good here and the service was excellent. Calamari (4/5) was good but a little too much batter vs calamari ratio Homemade pasta with mixed seafood (5/5) soo good that the portion was big and i tried to finish the whole thing Chocolate Souffle (5/5) Heaven.. Overall my favorite little italian place
The food is very good (I had a hard time picking from the menu because everything sounded so tasty! I finally picked the Chicken with basil, pine nuts and prociutto), and definitely a very reasonable price. The potatoes that came with it were a little dry and flavorless, and my biggest problem with the place is that the acoustics are terrible (when it's busy, it gets deafeningly loud to the point where you practically have to yell to hear each other). But overall I definitely recommend this place and I think it is a very good value for the cost.
For my friends that know me well, I hope you can appreciate the gravity of this statement. This was hands down the best Italian food I have *ever* had. I had the veal medallions sauteed in a Prosecco wine sauce topped with sage, scarmoza, w/roasted red potatoes and veggies. It's supposed to come with pork on top but they held that off for me. The veal melted in my mouth, the cheesy topping added another layer of flavor too especially when I hit the sage. The veggies were super soft but not mushy. My friend had pasta: Parmigiano reggiano, gorgonzola, bocconcini mozzarella, brie, asiago, caption, and fontina with sliced pears & grapes. Of course we shared bites, and this was like to ravioli/dumpling filling combo that I've ever had. As good as my plate was, I started to feel the grass was green on the other side of the table. For dessert, the tiramisu was smooth and creamy and the cannoli was great too. Dinner with wine and dessert came to less than $40 before tip for each of us. It was definitely clear too that all the ingredients for both dishes were made fresh and only quality and care was used in the selection process. The bread for mopping was the best sponge to clean the plate. Congrats to Fratelli Milano for a quality product, great service, and delicious menu.
I discovered this little gem about a year ago, and ever since... there hasn't been a whole month gone by without my husband and I stopping by.... we go here a lot.  Dinner, lunch, and have even made it to breakfast on occasion.  I've tried a bunch of things on the menu... and everything is so delicious and fresh!!!  I'm a big fan of the papardelle milano as well as the fiochi...  and the tiramisu is to die for!! Amazing food, friendly service, decent prices, and since their remodeling-- also super cozy!  What else could you ask for?!
So good! Nice little place in downtown Miami. Such great ambiance. Very romantic. Friendly waitstaff. I had the Papardelle Milano. The pasta was perfectly al dente and the flavor was perfect. It was just enough to satisfy without being too filling. My wife had the Filetto Al Gorganzolo. The Filet was done perfect, the sauce was amazing. The potatoes and spinich were a perfect compliment. We finished with the Creme brulee. It was one of the best I have ever had. It comes to the table flaming and the bruleee finishes up as the flame dies. The creme had th best flavor. I had one beer (Amstel Light) and we drank water. The deliver a basket of bread and some marinara before dinner. My total was $82 with tip. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
My dad and I came to this well-priced Italian joint in downtown Miami. Parking is always a pain, but not awful considering there was no Heat game! The food was incredible. I had the Fiocchi Di Pera E Taleggio and my dad had a veal dish (I forget the name). The servings were just the right size--we were satisfied without going overboard and had no leftovers. The bread was the only blah thing about the place, but the dip saved it. I do wish they gave you a larger portion of it, but that should hardly matter in comparison to the deliciousness of our entrees. Perfect before a night at the Arsht Center!
Came here for a nice dinner with my parents and kids. Everything was fresh, attentive service and good price. Would come back in a heart beat. They need a reservation but we were able to get one.
Great neighborhood Italian! felt like I was in a little local trattoria in Italy.  Great ambience and food.  Prices are beyond reasonable, and I plan to return soon.  I didn't have the pasta(I've been watching my carbs), but the two tables on either side ordered past and it looked incredible.  This review is cooking from an "uber picky" Italian cook (myself), and I was still impressed.
Peace, been back a hundred times.  I FREAKING STILL LOVE THIS PLACE.  I hear they are expanding the size of the restaurant.  I just hope that quality doesn't decrease with expansion.   Keep bringing the fresh home-made pasta and I will keep coming back.
Fresh food, tastes heavenly, very friendly staff... Did I mention that the food was delicious?  It is!  Have eaten here twice now in two trips to Miami, and will eat here most likely next time I am there.
We came here spur of the moment so I wasn't able to read the reviews to see what I should order, BUT I ended up loving my choice anyways! I ordered Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio and it was yummmyyyy. I've only had it at Perricones before this place so I can't really make a great comparison but it tasted very authentic and I would recommend completely. Our server was very nice and attentive... couldn't have asked for a better experience!
Fantastic food.  Simple decor.  Would highly recommend.
This place has the best service I've ever had other than the Russian Tea Time in Chicago and is the BEST Italian food I've ever eaten. I can't even begin to tell you how friendly the staff here was, and the food is just top notch. The gnocchi was cheesy, burning hot, and I wish I knew of a place in Dallas that serves it half as good.
It was good. Solid Italian nothing to go crazy over. I'll probably never make it back on my own terms. Had the pear pasta and filet pasta good dishes but nothing blew me away.
Excellent little cafe! We had lunch here after visiting bayside- it was only a short walk over but well worth it to escape the touristy scene. There were about 4 tables out on the sidewalk (which is where we sat) but the inside was very nice too! We started with Chianti- while we snacked on some of their great bread! It was very chewy and was served with a sun-dried tomato dipping oil. I decided to go for the tomato, mozzarella, and basil panini- it came out warm, melty, and delicious! I loved the warm chewy homemade potato chips served on the side as well. My husband had a tubular pasta which i stole a few bites of~ it was awesome! The pasta was so fresh, flavorful, and perfectly cooked! If i was to visit again I would have to order pasta! When i walked inside I checked out the desert case- unfortunately after my meal when i was already too full to order any- but it was amazing! the deserts looked great!
Was in the mood for some italian delivery and decided to trust the reviews of my fellow yelpers! The lady that took my order over the phone was super friendly and delivery was less than 30 min for a perfectly cooked and seasoned pasta.  The food was nicely packaged and included complementary bread and parmessan cheese. Also ordered a Napoleon, which was crispy and delicious. Will definitely try to go to in to have the full restaurant experience.
Cute little restaurant with two display cases of dessert. The menu is not too large, but all items look delicious. Not too sure how the wine list is because we were not in the mood for wine that evening. We started with the risotto ai frutti de mare. It had large scallops, a couple shrimp, rings of calamari, and very large mussels. There was lots of flavor and the rice was not cooked too al dente like it is at many other Italian restaurants. I had the Rinascente pizza. The crust was chewy and crispy, topped with the perfect amount of cheeze and sauce. The arugula was a fresh addition and added lots of texture that made the whole pizza lighter as well. The proscuitto had good flavor, but there was a little too much on top the pizza. It made it more difficult to eat and a little too salty. I ended up ripping some pieces into smaller pieces to top the pizza. He ate the Carne dei Fratelli. The steak looked well-seasoned and tender, although cooked a bit more than he had asked for. The server mentioned that the dish came with potatoes and vegetables, as well. However, only steamed vegetables were on the plate, with some Hollandaise sauce. Don't forget to take a look at the dessert cases to finish off your meal. We were in the mood to get dessert elsewhere, and did not end up ordering any here. There are many options to choose from, for chocolate lovers and fruit lovers alike.
Amazing. This is what home-made pasta is suppose to taste like. Nice sized portions, and great service. My favorite Italian place in Miami.
Went here for lunch. I had the fresh mozzarella, tomato, and basil salad with grilled chicken and my boyfriend had the lasagna. Sat outside and it was great people watching. The staff was very helpful and the food was A MAZing! the salad I had was fresh and the lasagna my boyfriend had was very, very tasty. I highly recommend checking this plae out, the prices are moderate. I recently passed by on Saturday on my way back from breakfast and noticed that they are expanding. They were doing construction next door and had the doors opened so we were able to peek in. The decorate and lighting looks very chic. I hope the prices don't go up because of it! From what I heard the restaurant is going to close for a few days next week while they finish their expansion, so be aware. Can't wait to see what the finish product will look like!
Simply exquisite and the best family-owned  Italian restaurant outside Italy. I would give 5+ for food and high-level service, especially to their new manager. I've been to Italy so many times, and ate in different places, so i can say- this one is a  real Italian one!   The restaurant is very cozy and small, but it is unforgettable. LOVE IT!
Food is good, so let me get that out of the way. I am surprised that in a place soooooooo small, a table of eight can be totally ignored by a server.  My goodness.  Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. Everything took ten plus minutes to get.  Excruciating.  Management needs to have more than two servers on duty during lunch time.  Servers that are working need to make a better effort of tending to guests.
The food was outstanding. I would like to recommend the chicken Alfredo, it is not on the menus but it is superb. Also the snapper special was amazing. It was a birthday outing for my mom and sister and 3 days later they are still talking about the food.
Ordered the lasagna, it was very good. Service was great didn't have to wait long for food. I will definitely be visiting this place again
Amazing food!!!
This was a nice little restaurant in downtown Miami.  We lucked out and found parking right outside, but could see how it could be a challenge finding a good spot.   I ordered a papardelle pasta dish, with slices of filet mignon in a red sauce.  My wife ordered the pear tortellini-like dish.  There's nothing really to complain about with this restaurant.  It's a good solid Italian joint with decent food, and good service.  However, I've had more flavorful pasta dishes elsewhere.
This was the first restaurant we visited in Miami and it was excellent. We had an spinach soup, Rissoto ai fungi porcini and Papardelle milano. Everything was delicious and the service was great.
Found this gem thru the yelp app for iphone when i reached our miami hotel tired and hungry at night. I was craving for pasta and Fratelli was near our hotel and had high ratings so we went straight to it! And... it was a great great choice! This review is after 2 visits - first for dinner then for lunch 3 days later. The rating refer to the food only. Though the decor -- modern and simple is my cup of tea and service was excellent. What we had: Fettuccine allo Scoglio -- Amazing! 5 stars! Recommended by our server and this tastes just like I am eating in Italy! Perfect homemade fettuccine, perfect sauce, fresh seafood.. one of the best i have eaten.. This is the dish that made us go back again. However, the std wasnt as good when we went back again for lunch but it could be because they were very much busier during lunch. Vongole -- This was too salty! 2.5 stars. Apple Crumble with vanilla ice cream -- Delish! 4 stars! The ice cream was good too!! yums! Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio -- Interesting and worth a try! 4 stars. This is pear and taleggio cheese stuffed pasta in fresh sage and butter sauce.. a sweet and salty dish.. Pizza with arugula and parma ham -- 3.5 stars. Profiterol -- 3 stars Overall, I will go back again whenever i am in Miami for the fettuccine allo scoglio and to try other dishes as this restaurant has potential! I saw the dishes on other tables and they all look yummy! But, I will go for dinner when the restaurant is less busy and they have more time to prepare the food and a more relaxing atmosphere for a meal.
When it comes to great Italian food in Miami... you can't find anything better! The service is fantastic; the waiters are attentive and sweet. I typically ask for the Fiocchi Di Pera E Taleggio in pink sauce instead of the butter sauce and it is out of control. The lasagna is one of the best I've ever had. For appetizers, I typically order the calamari, bruschetta, or the caprese salad with an order of carpaccio... you really cannot go wrong with anything from here. Do NOT skip out on dessert... the Napoleon is crazy good!
Our last visit to Fratelli Milano on Monday night was a disappointment! We loved the attitude and feel of this place before the enlargement and renovation. We used to go up to 3 times a week and we craved it! How does this work now? My numbers don't add up... 10% more expensive, 50% smaller portions? Note to owner, you are supposed to pay for the renovation with the increased business, not by serving less food and alienating fans of your restaurant! I really hope they bring back the portion size and realize that there are plenty of expensive restaurants in Miami...Fratelli Milano is a jewel because it is delicious and it offered great, honest value.
This restaurant is simply divine. The pastas are absolutely perfection. The service is "small town" courteous and prompt. Their desserts are worth that extra 30 minutes on the treadmill. Street parking can go from tricky to impossible in Downtown, during the day. Very fortunately, this restaurant stays open until 9pm on weeknights. Parking after 6pm is a breeze. Enjoy.
I absolutely love this place!! Small but charming, this restaurant is one of the best casual italian restaurants I have ever been to. The service is great! The food is delicious!! -try the Agnolotti di Pollo or Pollo farcito! and a napoleon for dessert!! Magnifico!!! Warning!! Lunch hours become extremely busy!!
We had the Fritto Milano along with the Caprese and a side of Tradizionale as a start and OMG!!  then we had a lil bit of the Fettucine allo Scoglio & the Agnoloti Di Pollo I word WOW
Service was excellent!  Rodrigo was great! Everything was homemade and cooked perfectly.  The chocolate souffle was out of this world.  Next time I'm in Miami, I'm going back to Fratelli Milano!
They have a fairly unique menu for an Italian restaurant. Like nu-Italian. I had the Scala panini, which wasn't the best selection on the menu, but it was adequate, came prepared properly, and was smothered with mustard seed (MmmMm!). Seating inside is really cramped, and the servers are always on hyper mode, so my seat got hit at least 17 times in 20 minutes and my date's dinner and mine didn't fit on the table. The pasta dishes look great, though, and the specials are very creative and have a good reputation. Yay!
Very good food and ambiance.  Haven't had a bad meal or experience yet. Enjoy!
I was there last week on a friday for lunch. First time after the restaurant was remodeled. Nice upgrade! I ate a Vitello Alla Milanese (breaded and fried veal cutlet served over a bed of arugula, topped with fresh diced tomatoes, bocconcini mozzarella and basil salad). It was delicious! The waiter was an argentinian guy. He was very helpful, good service!
An amazing Italian place! I found this place on Yelp, and I'm addicted to it,their food is amazing, and I just can't get enough.... I love italian food; I pretty much live on it, and their twisted pasta with eggplant is the best dish I ate. If you ever in downtown, try this place, you won't be disappointed.
Pasta was amazing and the service was spot on.
I've heard many good things about this place, so I had high l expectations. And let me tell you I was not let down. As soon as my date and I walked into the restaurant we were welcomed with a big smile and were seated. I ordered the lasagna and as soon as I got it my mouth started drooling. The food was amazing from the bread that they give you, to the dessert at the end. And to top it all off the service was spectacular. I recommend any one that likes authentic Italian cuisine to come and check this place out.
Fresh, delicious and worth every penny! It's an absolute must!
What a lovely Italian restaurant in downtown Miami!  Away from the intensity of the city proper, this little place has an unspoken rule (followed by nearly everyone but me) and being fluent in Italian to dine here.  Every single table that was within earshot spoke exclusively in Italian.  It was great! I ordered the Pappardelle Milano, as this was my server's recommended based on the fact I felt like pasta this night, and evidently this was one of the best.  It was good.  Not great.  The sauce just didn't attack me as completely fresh (though I did order a tomato-based dish in November...), and the meat was rather tough.  The pappardelle pasta itself, however, was light and fresh and cooked perfectly to al dente. The wine the waiter recommended "because it is a historic grape, and from [his] hometown" was actually quite a fine choice.  Bright and crisp, balanced acidity, floral character that stands up to food.  I've even tried to track down something similar here. Service was excellent, and I really enjoyed being among the hussle and bussle of a busy neighborhood restaurant. I hardly ever feel like dessert, but for some reason, a cannolo sounded ideal.  I was in luck - I got the last one!  That and a cappuccino capped off my evening nicely.
Extra care in preparing their pasta dishes. We had a delicioius carpaccio appetizer where the meat was sliced super thinly and an arugula salad with the most delicious buratta mozzarella. We also ordered the Seafood Fettuccine, where the freshness of the pasta was distinguishable. I had the Spaghetti Vongole, which was delicious, but the pasta tasted suspiciously dried, and not fresh. The Veal Saltimbocca was delicious with prosciutto and fresh sage.  Our server was also very friendly and helpful.
I found Fratelli Milano on Yelp and had to see for myself if the high rating was justified.  Well, in one word - YES! We started with the caprese salad, which was extremely fresh and well went with the warm bread. Our entrees were pear stuffed tortellini in a butter sauce and spinach fettuccini with mushrooms, zucchini and peppers.  Both were very authentic and extremely tasty! The only disappointment was the chocolate tart willed with chocolate fudge could have been warmer.  It was accompanied with vanilla bean ice cream and was very good with the exception of the temperature. Overall, the feel of the space, friendliness of the staff and excellent food left me feeling great about my choice!
This place is great. The service is very friendly and helpful which can be rare in this city. I have had many dishes and thought everything was great except the lamb chops were so so. Prices are incredibly fair. All entrees are $15-$25. Could easily add $10 to every price and it would still be a good deal.
Amazing experience. The Pasta with Porcini mushrooms,truffle oil, and goat cheese.... to die for!!!   Service was great. You really have the impression you are in Italy. Highly recommended
We have been back here a few times for dinner and not only is the food great but the fact that they will make a dish that is not on the menu is pretty awesome. Just have to say I love the owner and the people who work here.
I love this place! I work in the area and visit any chance I get. The salmon is amazing! Never been disappointed here.
Fiocchi di pera- fantastic!
Take one of those fancy Italian restaurants in South Beach - Prime Italia / Devito's --  move it to the other side of the causeway... cut the prices in half... you get Fratelli Milano. The food is amazing!  Try the Fiocci di Pera - purse pasta filled with pear.  Sage, butter.  YUM YUM! I love this place..  if you want great italian food at the right price, this is the place to go! This place was exceptional when it was just the small Fratelli Milano - Ever since they have expanded, the overall quality has gone down slightly.. but it still hasn't stopped me from going back.. again and again.
We had a great time. The food, service, and atmosphere were all top notch.
Absolutely love this place. Very low-key location in downtown Miami near Brickell with classy and elegant interior. Food was very good, service above average (especially for Miami) but most of all the vibe was refreshing (absent ridiculously loud music or crazily overpriced cocktails). Went on Sat night Memorial Day Weekend Seated Immediately Bread - fresh with interesting tomato based dip. Ordered: Calamari appetizer - standard fare but done extremely well. Very tender. Not rubbery. My main Seafood medley pasta (name escapes me) - very tasty, sauce was flavorful and seafood was abundant. GF main Lobster ravioli - GF was very satisfied, again excellent sauce, ravioli was meaty. Tasted even better when microwaved for lunch the next day. 2 glasses of wine Used Groupon coupon - deduction done quickly and efficiently with no attitude. Total $70 + before coupon $40+ after. Excellent date spot. Will definitely be going again.
Fantastic surprise for lunch.  I am new to Miami. Some of my new co-workers took me to lunch at Fratelli Milano.  I was blown away by the great service and tasty food for lunch. Portions were just right. Price was right. I had the chicken with grilled vegetables.   While it was a healthy dish it tasted so very good that it seemed like it was off my diet. I finished off with an Argentine coffee that was excellent as well.  I would look to return and highly recommend it
My favorite Italian restaurant in South Florida. If there is one dish that stands out for me is the Fiochi di Pera.  That thing is delicious. I have been here many times for lunch and one night for dinner with a client from out of town.  Great service every time and the food is consistently good.
The food was great and so was the ambiance.  Thought the portions were adequate for the price.  I would definitely recommend this place but  beware the wait staff can be a bit rude and the reason I gave 4 instead of 5
OMG "I ordered Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio and it was just so decadent and delicious. The food is so delicate and smooth lol I know it sounds crazy but its delicious and you don't leave feeling sick if you over eat. The quality of the products they use is great. The restaurant itself is very cozy and the decor is modern traditional. It has a European feel it to. It can even be romantic. Love this place. Service is on point as well.
Great Italian food. That's all I need to say.
Ive had this place on my radar for quite some time, but it seems like for one reason or another, I've always ended up somewhere else. WOW! I had no idea what I was missing... If I had to create my ideal restaurant, this would be it: It's relatively small with cute decor that makes me feel like I stumbled upon a secret hole in the wall. The food was homemade and flavorful, and our server was attentive. Best of all, our bill came under $100 (including tip) for a bottle of wine, an appetizer, two entrees and two desserts (yes, we're fatties.) We had the prosciutto and goat cheese bruchetta for appetizer and the pillowy deliciousness better known as gnocchi. Thank goodness I have leftovers at home because writing this review has made me crave it all over again!
Excellent service and the food was very good too although we've had better at other Italian restaurants. We were there on a Friday night and were seated right away even though the restaurant was very busy.
I had the pleasure of being invited here today for lunch. The one thing that must be noted: Desert: Tiramisu: Oh My Goodness !!! Creamy, tasty, perfect. White chocolate sprinkles on top. Simply divine. This is not to say that the pasta special of the day, fettuccine with shrimp, zucchini and garlic were far behind... Also on the table: Gnocchi, calamari and Brushetta; all exquisite. I am learning more and more about the great downtown lunch scene. This place must be way up the list!!! Very narrow sidewalk sitting, long lines if you arrive late...but all worth it. Thank you for bringing me; German Consulate!!!
Amazing food and service for a great price! My new Italian place by choice!
Omg! Absolutely loved It! Just got finished eating and ate the whole plate! Lol and that rarely happens but no lie it was amazing from start to finish. Waiter Rodirgo was great and friendly, food came out fast, fresh and pipping HOTT! :-) Staff worked as a team which was great to see as I am also in the biz so the whole experience overall was a 5 star and well deserved!
Excellent food! Great service. Quality of the pizza was just amazing. Also, ordered a pasta dish and the sauce was just amazing. Will return here. The decor and atmosphere is good, the area where the restaurant is not the best. But we enjoyed the experience. Only odd part of our experience here was the waiter came and asked if we wanted water, but did not offer us any other drinks or soda, etc. I think you can't go wrong with pizza here or any pasta dish. It was nice and quiet here, and not loud like a cheesecake factory. So if you want a quiet dinner, good food that is not overwhelmingly expensive, then come here.
I was thinking while I was eating here, should I give this place a 4 or a 5... and the thing is, I can't think of many Italian places I've been that were better than this... so that makes it 5-worthy. (We ate for dinner, many of the other reviews I think only mentioned lunch.... dinner is quite good too.) I started with their soup of the day which was kind of a potato and zucchini puree, which was very good. For dinner I had the lasagna, which was so creamy and good, it melted in your mouth. My wife had a gnocchi dish, which also was quite good. I believe it was potato and arugula, also good.  I had asked the waiter to recommend a good red wine to go with my lasagna and he picked out a pretty good one. The prices were reasonable... food was amazingly good. It's a hidden gem.
Intimate setting, delicious food, great service.
Just strolled (yes...strolled) back to my hotel from this hole in the wall in downtown Miami. If this isn't the definition of a diamond in the rough, then I don't know what is. I started with the traditional bruchetta as an appy. The tomatoes tasted like they were picked off the vine that very morning. Amazingly fresh and seasoned perfectly. For an entree I had the Pappardelle Milano, a pasta dish with sliced filet mignon, Chianti wine sauce and goat cheese. Honestly, do I need to go on? The dish was out of this world. The service was very good. The waiter informed me that I probably wouldn't want Parmesan on my entree since it doesn't mix well with goat cheese. Not being Italian (I'm another I-word...Irish), I likely would've requested the Parmesan. Good save, waiter guy! I grabbed some Tiramisu to go. Haven't had it yet, but I'm not worried about its quality. My only complaints would be these: the music, and the beer selection. The music was what I call "Italian Techno Trash," which doesn't necessarily mean it's bad, just trashy club music, which I found to be odd for a quaint Italian eatery. As for the beer, only three options available (Amstel Light, Corona, Pironi). Coming from Beervana (a.k.a. Oregon), I realize that beer variety isn't a top priority throughout the world, but a few more selections certainly go a long way, microbrew, import, domestic, whatever it may be.
The meal I ordered was a bit salty, however, I also tried the mushroom rissotto which was excellent. I liked the ambiance and the staff was pleasant. Not too expensive but certainly not cheap. Overrall I would certainly reccommend this restaurant if you are in downtown Miami.
4.5 Started off with calamari, followed by the pizza, finished off with profiteroles.  All were very good.   prices were fair. service a touch slow, but friendly.  Lasagna was melt in your mouth good, and the place was tidey and clean.  It seems like a solid hit if you're ever up for italian.  It didn't knock my socks off, but I feel like I'd never be dissappointed.
Fantastic little Italian place in downtown.  Food was excellent.  I had a pasta special with spinach linguini, salmon and peppers in a vodka sauce.  My wife had the lobster ravioli also in a vodka sauce.  My daughter had angel hair in a fresh tomato sauce.  All three dishes were great.  Service was very friendly and speed wise they seemed to be in line with the norm in Miami (which is to say a little bit slow, but no more so than any other restaurant we encountered in the area).  One area for improvement the house wines were pretty bland; eight bucks for a tasteless glass of chianti.
I used to eat here alot, however due to their behavior a couple of weeks ago, I will never come here again. My coworker and I got to the restaurant and we're standing at the door. 3 other individuals (3 gentlemen) came behind us, they rudely pushed us out of the way to get ahead of us. The waiter came by and asked us how many, then moved on to the men, there was a table for 2 open and another party of 2 women before us. The waiter sat the men, and left the 2 parties of women standing for a good 10 minutes. Another waiter then came and sat the 2 parties of women. This was extremely disappointing, as the food here is pretty good, however this behavior is truly unacceptable and should be discouraged.
The food was so good that we had dinner here twice during our 5-day stay in Miami.  We loved their Branzino, Swordfish (special), Calamari, Bucatini, Tagliatelle Spiga, Tiramisu & Cannoli.  Service was good, but it was the food that won us over.  It's interesting that for our second dinner, 18% gratuity was automatically added to our bill, unlike the first time?!?!
OMG, omg. Seriously, best Italian food in Miami. Everything tastes amazing, service is great and you will not be disappointed. Bottom line is, I have tasted many items on the menu, and they are all to die for. A bit pricey, but totally worth each bite. Amazing!
Fantastic! Small place, but everything is fresh and flavorful. Highly recommend!
Awesome place! Food was delicious and well-priced. Burrata for appetizer and squid ink linguine with crab in pink sauce for entree. Each featured homemade/fresh ingredients coming together in dishes that had great flavor but not over the top. As opposed to places that overload a dish with garlic or butter or some other flavoring agent, Fratelli manages to bring out flavors they wanted to feature in the dish without going overboard. Service was very attentive. Other factors: sleek/clean restaurant, street parking, beer/wine only, casual/mixed crowd (young, middle-aged, tourists, families - all present). Definitely coming back!
One word. "BRILLIANT". Its a small place with some outdoor sitting on the pavement. The food was simply amazing. It really is as good as it gets. We ordered the pasta and a veggie pizza and both were excellent. The pizza crust was nice and thing(just the way I like it). The servers were very friendly and the service was fantastic. We got a small seat outside and in spite of being on the pavement, the ambiance was really good. It was fairly easy to find street parking on the same street and we just had to cross the road to get the restaurant. At the end of meal we ordered dessert and I looooved it. (I'm not really a dessert person, but this was sooo good I actually ended up finishing the whole thing myself). I highly recommend this place and would definitely go there again if I had a chance.
Good food fresh pasta and great service. A really nice break from the usual tourist traps that just serve bad food. Visit this place at first driving here you wonder why you gave up doosh bag crowds to venture down town, you be glad you did once you taste the food and the excellent friendly service at reasonable prices.
Deserve 6 stars, this is a small place, just few table inside and outside, this is fresh, delicious and the service is really nice, just perfect Italian food antipasti, pizz pasta and the tiramissu n lemon tart so fresh and good ...
I went here for dinner with my husband and we loved it. Authentic Italian cuisine with a fresh tasting pasta. The food was flavorful with large portions. The atmosphere was warm and romantic for us...we had a corner table by the window... But not so romantic that I wouldn't come here with girlfriends. Service was on point, and we were greeted, served, and billed in a timely manner.  Our server was attentive but not overly attentive to the point that we felt rushed.   Whenever in Miami and in need of Italian, I would def return.
We actually found this little jewel of a restaurant on YELP. This was the best Italian food I've eaten since I visited the Tuscan region in Italy. If you go for dinner it isn't as crowded. It was so good we ate there two nights in a row, while in Miami for business, and we brought friends with the second time. They loved it as well.
100% authentic Italian food with outstanding service. I ordered the ham and cheese tortellini and the hubs ordered the pizza. I cannot stress this enough; this is hands down the best Italian in Miami at an odly afordable prize. My tortellini was fresh and made to order, so was the pizza; thin crust with the most unbelievable mozzarella cheese. Tortellini was $12 and pizza was $11. To end the meal we ordered the seasonal Pumpkin Cheesecake, which tasted as if Italian little baby angels baked it. And the cappuccino was beyond my dreams--served with a little Bacia chocolate bonbon, an Italian dream. The place was filled with Italian patrons and that says a lot. I visited yesterday and I'm going again tomorrow, and probably Sunday before the weekend is over...diet be damned.
People please....yes this place has reasonable prices and decent food, but it's not the cat's meow. After reading all these reviews i went there expecting Joel Robuchon to be cooking in there or something. well needless to say not the case..the food was OK, sorry but just that OK, the worst part was dining under flourecent lights...classy.
Pre-Heat game amazing dinner.  What's better than seeing Lebron and D. Wade and Boch up close and personal?  Dinner at Fratelli Milano. I know Miami has been charged to FAN UP to the Heat.  I suggest also FANNING UP to this place- it's amazing. We started with the Calamari, which was perfectly breaded and fried.  They also have bread and marinara as a starter- which of course we ate about a loaf of. Main course was the Vongole- there's something about pasta with clams that I am a sucker for!  The white sauce was full of flavor and garlic, and not too heavy.  A huge portion of clams, easy to eat, and just plain delicious. Fratelli has a great atmosphere- lots of small tables but spaced out enough that you do not feel on top of other guests.  They do have tables on the sidewalk, which seemed a bit out of place to me (they are next to parking meters!) so I would suggest eating inside. All reasonably priced, good service, quick, and delicious.  A great pre-anything dinner in downtown Miami.
Awesome staff, tiny and cozy place, delectable pasta, creamy panna cotta, yummy glass of wine...aaahh can an Italian restaurant get any better?
Unlike every other college student on the planet, I haven't studied abroad in Europe / spent time in Italy and I don't have an Italian grandmother rolling gnocchi in the corner of my kitchen either. So what do I know about authentic Italian cooking? As far as I'm concerned, this place is as close to the real thing as it gets. I got the calamari fritti because there's nothing better than a deep-fried cliche. But the rendition here was surprisingly refreshing and the sauce it came with had a nice kick. For the entree I ordered the vitello pappardelle which is basically a combination of every ingredient that a foodie has ever loved: thick pasta, veal, chanterelle mushrooms, tomatoes, and goat cheese. It seemed like the only busy restaurant in an otherwise dead street right in the middle of downtown Miami, the only thing that could lure people from Miami beach after 8pm.
All the reviews are indeed true.  The place is surely a great spot for Italian in downtown.  When around the area will surely visit.  Good chicken parmesan.  Try the pizza's you won't be dissapointed.
I recommend this place as long as you're near the area. Fratelli Milano is very cozy and has a genuine Italian staff. I had a delicious calamari infused fettucini alfredo with vodka sauce. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if you're in the downtown area and have an hour to kill for lunch, give it a shot. The desserts are the best part, so save room.
It's hard to find really good Italian food... But this place will not disappoint! The specialty bruschetta appetizers are superb and I particularly enjoy their chicken caprese dinner. Great cappuccino and tiramisu as well.
Food- Grrrreat! We had the antipasti mist (charcuterie/cheese plate), chicken agnolotti, salmon entree, the special on the day, and chocolate soufflé. Everything was awesome! And appropriately priced. Everything above +3 glasses of wine, a cappuccino, and coffee was less than $120 (before tip). But beware! Their portions are pretty large. I'm used to a la carte menus, so by the end of our meal, I looked 18 weeks pregnant. Stick with a start and one entree per person (or split one and a pasta). Service- Excellent! I have had AWFUL experiences in Miami. The service workers at most of the places I've experienced in my two visits to South Beach/Miami area have been less than accommodating. Our server at Fratelli, Leandro (Leo), was excellent. He was attentive, available, and he timed our food appropriately (which is a hard thing to do when there are 3 courses involved). Any time we go there in the future, we will be asking for him. Ambience- Cozy. The place was small, but not tiny. The tables were spaced far enough from each other that we could not hear anyone else's conversations. The lighting was dimmed just enough. All-in-all, dinner was awesome. Just writing this review makes me want to go back again for lunch!
Good spot for lunch, although they are very busy. Good tasty food, good portions but they could be a little bit more generous on the meat on the salads. Party of 5, everybody was happy with their meal (veal milanese, blue crab salad, fettucini with meat sauce, salmon burger and prosciutto pizza). Salmon burger looked quite dry though. Good food, prompt service, fast but too busy at lunch on week days.
We love this place, any time of day.
4.5 stars. I came here on a weekend night, having made a reservation. A reservations seems to be clutch for a small restaurant like this. Service was prompt and excellent the whole night, despite the crowd. The food is delicious. Everything on the menu is fresh, handmade, and authentic Italian. I was able to get some of my favorites from when I lived in Italy that I haven't been able to find much of stateside (bresaola). I ordered the seafood risotto, which came out steaming hot and creamy. I also got the burrata appetizer which was also creamy and rich. All/Most of the pasta is handmade and tastes amazing (as reported by my bf). They also have gluten free pasta (call ahead to make sure), which I wasn't able to taste, but I definitely will get when I come back along with one of the amazing sounding desserts from their extensive dessert menu. Delicioso!
Great little Italian restaurant I found on Yelp in Miami.  I like to try new, unusual dishes and when I saw several reviews that praised the Fiocchi di Perra e Taleggio, which is pasta stuffed with cheese and pear, I knew I wanted to try this place. It's a quaint little restaurant tucked away in downtown near the convention center.  The decor is nice.  You can eat inside or enjoy dining on one of their table outside under umbrellas.  The waiters were friendly and the service was great.  They started us off with some bread and a delicious marinara dipping sauce.  But I didn't have to look at the menu long to decide I wanted to try the pasta with the cheese and pear.  It was like a taste explosion in my mouth!  The perfect blend of sweet and salty.  I highly recommend that since you can't get it anywhere else.  At least not any place I've been. So if you like Italian food and find yourself in downtown Miami I say definitely check this place out!
One of the best restaurants I've been to! Went with two others. Started with fried zucchini and calamari appetizer. Don't normally like either but I did here. Had one pasta entree and two chicken entrees. Ingredients were extremely fresh. Food tasted awesome and the portions were large.  A lot of tables ordered dessert from a menu with 12 choices. We tried three desserts and all were exceptional. $87 with tip including two coffees not previously mentioned. Great food. Great value. I'll definitely be back.
Pros: - Great food - Prompt and corteous service - Good selection of authentic items on the menu Cons: - The place is a little cramped Recommendation: Pretty much anything you order would be good, but I go there for the lasagna and the pizzas. And don't miss out on the desserts :) Conclusion: The service and food is good, and they serve quite promptly too. I like this place: I've taken many of my coworkers and clients here. But if you are a group of more than 2-3 people, you might find the place a little crowded during lunch or dinner.
This place was wonderful! After reading all the reviews, I decided to go there last night for my birthday and loved it! We got the bruschetta to start with and it tasted so fresh. I got the gnocchi which was cheesy and scrumptious. I reached over to another plate and tried the pasta they have that's filled with pear and it melted in my mouth. My other friends raved about their food as well. The service was wonderful as well which made the experience even more gratifying. They were very friendly and helpful in deciding what to order. We were able to find parking on the street so that wasn't bad, and the place can be hard to find so keep your eyes open! The prices are very reasonable, and the food is authentic Italien. Fratteli Milano is a must for every foodie!
I lived in Sicily for 3 years and have a passion for pasta...with that said, THIS is authentic AMAZING Italian cuisine! Oh, and did i mention the upscale, elegant decor w/ outdoor seating? You can't go wrong eating here!
We had a wonderful meal here with delicious food and great service. We had a group of 16 and had a lot of food from pizzas to entrees. The pizzas were very good, but the pastas... Yummy!  The seafood pasta was my favorite that I tried. We also had the sausage pasta, pear special pasta, gnocchi and more. No one complained;) Our server was very attentive and the owners came out to check on us. All in all, this was a quaint restaurant in downtown Miami. A definite good find. We would done there again.
Man, I can't believe that after being here twice in a month's time span, I haven't come on Yelp to write about it. On my first visit I ordered the pappardelle pasta with filet mignon. I've seen pictures of it here on Yelp, but pictures don't do it justice, my friend. You need to go to this place and ORDER one of their dishes, whichever one it may be, and get blown away. The Next time I went, I brought my parents, who are hard to impress, and don't believe in "going out" for pasta. Well, they were completely floored. My wonderful girlfriend risked it and tried the pear and cheese stuffed pasta -- which we all thought wouldn't be too good. Well, guess what? Next time I might order TWO of these plates, because they were so damn scrumptious. For myself, I had the chicken breast, stuffed with ricotta, spinach, and toasted pine nuts, wrapped in prosciutto. PERFECTION. The oven roasted potatoes and veggies that accompanied the dish were a welcome addition. Oh, and we checked out this pastry stuffed with apples and grapes, warmed to perfection. DO try one of their homemade desserts. The service is top notch, although the second time around, I felt that our server wasn't too knowledgeable about the food. Other than that, no complaints here. Fratelli Milano is one of my favorite places I've recently visited.
We went to Fratelli one night after the theater and it was the perfect ending to a wonderful theater evening. I have cuban-Italian roots, and I can unequivocally say that it is the most authentic and the best Italian food I've had in the U.S. Yum,..Yum...enjoy!
I had the pollo farcito (stuffed breast of chicken, spinach, ricotta cheese, toasted peanuts, wrapped in prosciutto di Parma, served with mixed vegetables and potatoes). The flavors were great and the vegetables were cooked perfectly. I can't help thinking the chicken could have been done in such a way that it didn't fall apart when I cut away the first piece. Still, it's hard to stuff chicken, wrap it in prosciutto and expect that it'll retain its shape well throughout the meal. Service was fine. Nothing all that good or bad to report there. If you've made a reservation, show up with enough lead time to find street parking. The valet outside charges 10 dollars to park your car, but that only gets your car parked at a nearby lot. If you want the car brought to you at the end of the night, it'll run you an additional 10. Considering downtown Miami's sidewalks are mostly populated by bums on most nights, you might not want to worry about finding your car after dinner.
Best Italian food I have had in the US, other than NYC. Wow, what a dining experience! I wish I found this place sooner.
A fabulous surprise in urban Miami! The real deal, great service, delicious options. A definite add to the regular list!
I was in search of a restaurant to take my boyfriend for his birthday, and came across this one. I wasn't so sure at first but honestly my mind completely changed. This place is amazing. It's a small place, yet so cozy and with a great atmosphere. The serves where great. It's a place I feel you can go with family or a nice dinner with someone special. The food was great, everything in the menu sounded delicious. The prices in my opinion are completely understandable. For appetizers we had the prosciutto, it was so so good. For main course we had lasagna and gnocchi both were so yummy ! Definitely a place I would go back to. Recommend to everyone
Food was overly salty and service was horrible
Fell just short of 5 stars. We had the seafood risotto and a pizza (i forget which 1)- both very good. Very good service and I liked the atmosphere. I will be back.
Had a midweek dinner with colleagues on travel - it was a nice treat for us. The service was super and the the food was a good value for the price. I sampled the Risotto ai Frutti di Mare and Ravioli di Aragosta (lobster ravioli). Delish! Would come back again.
Can you beat fresh pasta...you know the kind you can eat without it being boiled?  Yup, Italy fresh...oh be prepared for this... Pasta with pear...++ Delicious antipasti plate consists of various Italian cheese & meat + papardelle with something (forgot what, but didn't forget it's DELICIOUS!) + Pizza margherita...thin crust...I felt like Italy + My final two words: CREAM PUFFS! +++++++++ I usually don't say this so early, but.......... I love you Milano!
I made an account specifically to rate this place. It's flat out one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. I've paid twice as much for food half as good, and I cannot emphasize enough how superior this place is, and how incredible their food was. I went there with a friend, and we were given toast with marinara dipping sauce. In my LIFE I have never raved about a marinara dipping sauce.... But theirs was nuanced, flavorful, and fresh. This trend applied to everything I tried that night. I had a salad with a creamed balsamic dressing to begin with, alongside bruschetta. The dressing was so good we were drizzling it on the bruschetta. The bruschetta was extremely fresh (their tomatoes are GREAT), and was seasoned just right. For my entree, I had stuffed pear and cheese ravioli in a buttery sage sauce that was recommended strongly by another reviewer (all the names are in Italian, I couldn't remember it exactly). It was AMAZING. A 5-star adventure for your taste buds. My friend had traditional pasta stuffed with chicken and ricotta in pink sauce, and it was tender and delicious. We snuck bites from each other constantly. For dessert (we overate, amazed by the quality of the food), I had a lemon tart and he had a cannonili, both of which surpassed expectations as well. I had a macchiato, and even that was brewed to perfection. The service was exceptionally friendly, with the manager swinging by just often enough to make sure everything was alright (and by God was it). Overall, I would recommend this place to everyone in Miami. The freshness and quality of their food was exceptional, and you could get out of there without spending more than $30 for 2 entrees and an appetizer (if you care to budget at a place like this... I sure didn't.) My only caveat is that there doesn't look to be a lot of seating for large groups. Reservations would be prudent.
Attentive friendly staff. Fantastic food. Authentic Italian.
This restaurant easily lives up to its incredible reputation and is easily one of best Italian restaurants I've ever eaten.  The homemade pastas separates it from 95% of their peers.  The pasta served with the filet mignon chunks is a true winner.  The beef carpaccio is wonderful and may be overlooked by customers craving the homemade pasta.   I've been here twice and when I was with my family for vacation on the second occasion, we were seated outdoor, right next to San Antonio Spurs star,  Manu Ganobili.  If you don't trust the judgment of your fellow yelpers, then you should trust the judgment of an NBA star who probably has eaten at many Italian restaurants around the globe. Downtown parking can be a problem and you will probably have to pay for parking in one of the garages. Still, the prices at Fratelli are very fair and the money you "save" can be offset by the parking charges.  I've been here at off hours and the restaurant is still very crowded. I can imagine that seating would be a problem if you wanted to go during the prime dining hours.
I am a Serious Foodie, and if you're seeking Really good Italian this is it ! ! My favorite dish is the Lasagna.  This is true Italian cuisine here.
Stopped here to have a quick dinner  before a concert with no reservations and they were quickly able to accommodate us with a table. I had the pear fiocchi and my bf had a pasta with filet mignon strips (can't remember the name). Both dishes were suggested by our server and we didn't  regret listening to him. Everything tasted so fresh and flavorful. I didn't get our servers name but his service was fantastic! This restaurant deserves 5 stars! We will definitely be returning in the future :)
I'm a musician on cruise ships, and when we port in Miami and I'm in the mood for outstanding Italian food, Fratelli Milano is where it's at. I had lunch with my partner on Valentine's Day and thank God we got in before the lunch rush. About 10 minutes after we sat down the place became completely packed. I had a delicious asparagus soup and he had a panini. This wasn't just any panini, by the way. This was a custom-built-for-you panini. He noticed a salad on the menu and asked if they could turn it into a panini. They did and it was om-nom-nom good.   Great prices, good service, authentic and delicious food. Winner!
The service was excellent and the food was amazing! I had decided on my dish and the server (David) suggested another one to me without me even asking for a recommendation. I am more than happy that I switched, the food was perfect. The only reason it has 4 stars is the wait for the check was a little longer than it should have been but it was still a wonderful experience!
My family of 4 dined here while in town to go on a cruise recently and enjoyed our pre-trip dinner on a rainy Friday evening at Fratelli Milano. This is a true authentic experience where those who have a vested interest place the customer above all else and take pride in what they do.   An atmosphere that was both intimate for some and a family dinner for others. Veal Scallopine was good-a bit lemony, but the quality and taste were there for sure.   My son's Margherita Pizza was great, and the other dishes were enjoyed as well.  Decent prices for a major downtown area and the portion size was good-not like a chain where you take home leftovers for days, but plenty for dinner for hearty appetites.
This restaurant is a hidden gem.  We really were impressed by how cozy it felt to be there.  The interior decorations seem well picked like the curio displaying desserts. Our waiter was very friendly. The food did not disappoint.  I enjoyed the seafood risotto and tried the Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio and regretted not ordering that dish instead.  I was looking forward to the panna cotta but they were all out.  I had the creme brulee which was yummy as well.
HORRIBLE CHOICE! I am so not a whiner but I really was disappointed from this place! Me and my boyfriend ordered take out. Both our order arrived 1h after we ordered and it was cold, and my tagliatelle were all clamped together.  they put too much oregano in the tomato sauce. the seafood was good though and the lasagna is alright. Maybe it was a bad day for them, who knows...
Excellent. Truly authentic Italian food. Try to lobster ravioli or the seafood pasta. The lobster ravioli doesn't look like it will fill you up but trust me, it will. I was also blown away by the antipasta appetizer. It was super tasty. Great place for a romantic dinner. Highly recommended.
The food at Fratelli Milano is fantastic; it's easily one of the best Italian restaurants in the city. A few places in Miami now have some version of the Fiocchi di Pera, but Fratelli Milano's can't be beat. I also recommend the delicious Pappardelle Milano. The only reason this place falls short of a 5-star is review is for the fact that it seems to be perpetually crowded, and at times it can even be a hassle just to get an idea of what the wait time for a table will be.
the best Italian food ever!
The food here was amazing! The risotto, agnolotti, chocolate soufflé, cannolis, pana cotta, and creme brûlée were delicious! The prices are moderate but the portions are pretty big. The best part was our waiter Luca. The only reason I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars is because we were asked to move midway through dessert bc apparently our four person table in the middle of the restaurant was supposedly reserved. There were several other empty tables and other ppl leaving as well. It felt extremely rude to be pushed out even before we paid our bill.
This place is great.... not mind blowing, but definitely solid! Nice ambiance too, if you sit inside. It looks like an Italian grandmother's formal dining room, very old world & shabby chic. We started off with the Bruschette-Prosciutto e Capra. This was really amazing, the bread was the perfect combo of being crispy yet still spongy/soft & the goat cheese was not overpowering to the prosciutto. I'll be having this again when I go back. We shared the Pappardelle Milano and the Fiocchi di Pera e Telaggio for our entrees. This was a good combo to order because the pappardelle was heavier and meaty, and the fiocchi was on the sweet side because of the pears. Both pastas were a tad bit overcooked, but we decided we had to try their "fresh" pasta options. We were told they are made daily, so we went with those. The fiocchi is definitely too sweet for me to eat a whole dish by myself, so I am glad we decided to order two things & split them. For dessert we had the panna cotta and some daily special that had rum in it. Let me first say that I don't usually go for desserts with liquor, and my friend ordered that. Needless to say, I did not like the rum dessert, but I also didn't care for the panna cotta. It was forgettable & I didn't taste the same love in the desserts that I tasted in the entrees. I had a macchiato as well & it was truly amazing!! Leave it to Italians to get coffee right! This place is charming, and I will be going back. Fratelli is a great mix of casual, but not flip flops casual, and fancy, but not suit and tie fancy. The service was great too, and they serve my favorite sparkling water, San Benedetto.
This little Italian restaurant is the best, The prices are very reasonable and the food is absolutely incredible. I would have to say their pasta combinations and fresh fish is some of the best around town.  Don't forget to get desert...you will not be disappointed.
After walking around town we arrived at Fratelli Milano, hot and hungry.  The inside has a quaint decor, and superior air conditioning - both were appreciated.  I enjoyed my entire experience, the service wa exemplary, never did I need for more water or bread.  I was here with a work group of 8 people, which is often challenging to properly accommodate, that said, the food pacing was good, and we generally loved everything we got.  I did not order the wine, but they have an accomplished wine list, and what we got was tasty! The table had 3 starters; the caprese(A+) which was perfection, the cheese texture was ideal and the tomato slices and basil were super fresh with really good drizzled virgin olive oil, the bruschetta (A+) was also stellar with perfectly toasted bread, which was not too hard for the succulent, and freshly seasoned tomatoes that adorned the top, and we also had the calamari (B+) which was lightly breaded and not too greasy, but the portions seemed a little small.   For the main course I had the pasta with filet mignon strips (A+), it was filling and amazing!  I knew I was in for a treat when it came with fresh rosemary on the top, if you like red sauce and meat, this is a treat for you!  My second choice was the Fratelli Milano - Pear Fiocchi which someone else in my party got, and it was AMAZING!  It was sweet and just haven, not your traditional pasta, but just delicious, very rich. We ended our night with a capuccino (A) and a napoleon (B), which was good and light, but I'm accustomed to the exotic sugar top, this version is more of a pastry, and was light and fluffy.   Overall, I had a good night and would definitely go back!  Bravo.
Best Italian I've come by in Downtown Miami. I was impressed to see they make bombolini's which are Italian doughnuts... that right there gives them a huge + in being a legit since I've only had the from family members making them, not restaurants! Anything you order here is good, most recently I had the sea bass which was the special of the day and it just plain melted in my mouth :D -Another testament to Fratelli is how much they care about the opinions of their patrons. You can see theyre highly rated here on Yelp and I assume other places however the waiters will sometimes take a few minutes to get to know you and ask you questions about their service and just some other opinions you may have. Clearly a fine establishment. Unless they do something severely wrong they'll have my business for a long time :)
The decor is boring.  The service can be a little lacking if they are busy but the FOOD alone merits 5 stars.  Seriously.  The pasta is perfect.  And the desserts are divine.  If I ate here everyday I'd hire a decorator, be big as a house, and still maybe not be tired of eating here... Its just that good!
Fantastic menu, authentic food, and excellent service all at an incredible value.  The pizzas (capricciosa!) and bruschettas both make great appetizers.  I have also tried the tagliatelle spiga and enjoyed that quite a bit.  The pappardelle milano is a great dish, however I could see how it would not be for everyone.  There are so many bold flavors in the dish that some might feel it is too 'busy.'  Having said that, I'm a fan and I definitely enjoy it.  My favorite dish, however, is the risotto di mare.  I love it not only for its remarkable taste, but also because the portion is enormous.  The same goes for the lasagna, which is also outstanding. Pound for pound, this is my favorite Italian restaurant in Miami.  At this price point, you just can't find a better restaurant.  Surely you could spend 3 times as much at somewhere upscale on Miami Beach, but I'd much prefer to eat at FM and enjoy the personal touch that the waitstaff always puts into every meal.
This is an amazing Italian restaurant in downtown. My family and I went here for my mother's birthday and from the second we walked in we felt at home. The staff was so professional and courteous. The food was exquisite. I highly suggest the gnocchi and the pear ravioli and even more perfection has to be their bread which they bring you with a sun dried tomato spread. Enjoy!!!
We were looking for a good Italian Restuarant  and stumbled across this great place before our cruise!  My fiancee' is a very picky eater(since he is directly from Sicily) and was quite impressed with his dinner. Excellent choice,  we will definitely dine here again when we return to Miami.
Great place. Food, noise level, service, all excellent. I drive all the way from Coral Springs to Miami to dine at this place. It's well worth the trip. Strongly recommended for Italian food lovers like me.
Great, authentic, Italian flavors! Small, comfortable atmosphere. Generous portions and reasonable prices. Will come back for sure!
This is one of my husband and my favorites.  It's a great place to eat for lunch for dinner.  We also get delivery to our house very often.  Food is delicious and fresh!!
Staying at the Intercontinental in Miami. Could have stayed at the Hotel and had dinner at ToroToro which undoubtedly would have been fantastic. Wanted/needed something different. I have no doubt that this was one of the freshest meals I have had in a very long time. Bruschetta with prosciutto, calamari, Lasagna with beschamell. I was in heaven. My guests had the mushroom risotto, and fettuccine with clams and they equally enjoyed their meal.
We read such great reviews on Yelp for this restaurant that we had to check it out for lunch. I have to say they lived up to the reviews. Great food and service, and when it was freezing outside (yes, 60 degrees is cold for a southern California gal) they were so accomodating and moved us to a heater. My husband and I shared the mista salad and a seafood pasta. Both were great.  The only thing I would change is the regular American coffee, it was bitter and came out lukewarm rather then hot. My husband had to order a latte and that came out wonderful. Would come back if I were to visit Miami again.
If u leave Miami without eating here, u missed the best Italian food ever.. Everything was awesome! Fresh ingredients, perfect sauces, bread and deserts. End it with the tiramisu and u will be in food heaven. Parking outside is hard to find during weekdays but after a few circles on the small streets we found a spot. Food is priced well and portions are good for 1-2 people.Enjoy!!
This one is a gem!  Hidden in an uneventful street in the middle of downtown Miami, this place offers great Italian food behind solid service, great relaxing yet somewhat elegant décor, and with easy street parking or parking garage across the street. I have been to this restaurant some 10+ times.  At times for a Saturday night outing with the wife and/or friends, and a few times pre-game.  This place sits within walking distance of the AAA Arena... the home of the HEAT! With every visit, I have taken my own wine.  They have a very reasonable corkage fee of $25 and I believe charge $20 for a second bottle. They start you off with bread and breadsticks accompanied with tomato sauce.  Delish!  We've had their prosciutto and arugula pizza (great!), the lasagna (very good), the pear stuffed pasta (real good!), the bucatini (my personal fave and I ask that it be served w/o broccoli!), and the fettuccine seafood medley special.   They even have specials from time to time. All good.  All of it and all the time! Their service is excellent as well and worth a mention.  They are all very professional and courteous.   The wife always asks for more cheese.  No problem!  She once had them take the lobster off the shell. No problem! For dessert we've ordered the lemon tart, tiramisu, donut and oversized chocolate chip cookie in the past.  All pretty good.  I like the tiramisu the best.  The wifey likes the donut of course. They have perfect cortaditos to end the meal the right way.  When they have any, the wife also orders the Napoleons NOTE: Don't sit outside unless you don't mind smokers.
This place lost a lot of quality. They expanded and everything got more expensive. I know of a few people who found not edible "things" on their plates. Desserts are still to die for. Food quality went down. Portions, too. Coffee still good, like desserts.   Service keeps being "Diner" style. Manager was cold and rude, with an attitude. I am done with this place. It's a shame that every time a place gets bigger also gets worse.
Very good food and very nice ambiance! Authentic italian food a little pricey but it worth it for sure.. I love the gnocchi at fratelli, probably the best of Miami!
Sooooooo quaint and superb! Merlot and risotto! Please try the mushroom risotto, absolutely amazing! Great ambiance, music, and lighting. I have nothing bad to say, the waiters also speak a little italian to you throughout the night. You will not be disappointed at all! Wasn't to pricy either. I am telling everyone about this!
We just moved to the Brickell area and needing to find a great local Italian restaurant, my wife found Fratelli Milano on yelp and sure enough, the reviews were right on.   We dined on a Monday so not a large crowd, especially considering we arrived around 10.  The service and the food were great.  I had their special pasta, rigatoni bolognese with italian sausage and tomatoe sauce; Excellent.  My wife had the papperdale with a chianti sauce and she liked it though I don't think it was her most favorite pasta.  It's worth trying Fratelli Milano has a New York feel with the decor and shape of the restaurant.   We'll definately be back, and as often as possible. The prices are not sky high but the food is!
Had a great meal here. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is nice. Definitely check this place out of you want great Italian food downtown Miami.
Just like the emoji I get little hearts in my eyes whenever I know I am going to eat at Fratelli. I love love love this place. The restaurant is small but very cozy you will not feel like you are in the middle of downtown when you walk in. The food is out of this world and since they make the pasta inhouse you know its made to perfection. I can not say one bad thing about any of the dishes, each one is just as good as the next. The wine list is also good and I can't even begin to talk about the desserts without my mouth watering. Visit this place once and I assure you it will have you coming back for more.
Today my parents were visiting from North Carolina and not really sure were to take them for dinner, I searched in Yelp and Fratelli Milano Restaurant. After seeing all the five and for star reviews, we figured that couldn't go wrong... What a great meal this turned out to be. We were a group of eight that ordered just about everything in the menu and everyone was in agreement, it was awesome! I will definitely be back and recommend Fratelli Milano Rest. to all!
During a recent business trip to Miami, I ate at Fratelli Milano with some business colleagues. The food was very nice - fresh & flavorful, prices were great, and service was fast and friendly. This places lives up to its billing. We enjoyed it so much that we came back a second time before leaving town. Others I spoke to in my company who ate there were equally pleased. I recommend this place.
Fratelli Milano is a small but modern and cozy restaurant in the heart of Downtown Miami with excellent italian food! I've tried the Agnolotti di Pollo, Salmone all'Aceto balsamico and Filetto al Gorgonzola, nothing has disappointed my taste buds. The highlight of my last meal here was the freshly made fettuccine with pesto sauce --AMAZING! Best part about visiting Fratelli Milano besides the great appetizers, entrees and wine? Dessert! dessert! dessert! The chocolate cake and cannoncino are to die for. Can't wait to come back.
Pasta is OK here must say, and they will pretty much do their best to prepare it to your liking if not in the menu - try ordering the "spaghetti carbonara" - I considered that very well done. Friendly staff, and beautiful options for desserts, try them. Skip the coffee, cross the street and go to Eternity Coffee roasters, for a delicious  espresso.
Another winner in Miami! Very friendly staff, excellent prices for a downtown location, nice ambience, and all around great food. The carne dish was seasoned/flavored just right and not overcooked, rigatoni dish (daily special) was excellent, not too el dente as I've experienced in other italian restaurants, the pizza was not soggy, done just right, calamari was not over-fried, the key lime pie was so-so, but the best thing is, no tummy ache afterwards! Five stars for this one, cannot think of one thing that would detract from it, other than parking but that's not their fault.
Great ambience, delicious food, good service. Yes, their Fiocchi di Pera e Taleggio is really good. It was nice and chewy with a good filling. My husband got their spaghetti dish and that was really good too. Everything is fresh and house made. We really enjoyed our meal here!
This restaurant is so good!  A friend took me for dinner and I absolutely loved it.  The ambiance is very romantic and intimate, great for a date!   The service was fantastic, not too fast and not too slow.  They even prepared a salad for us that is from their lunch menu!  The food was presented beautifully and tasted amazing.  Everything was very high quality, they even make their pasta!  Yum! I had the Papperdelle Milano and still dream about it.  It was absolutely amazing. Downside:  It is in Downtown and parking is definitely a pain.
Hidden little gem.  Great food, reasonably priced.
Our go-to- spot when we are in the mood for pasta or pizza. The service is great and the food is delicious and authentic. No bullshit, great food.
I've ordered many times from here and i was so impressed that i decided to dine-in one day. I spent quite a bit while i was there but was satisfied all the way through. The pastas are amazing. FYI, don't trust the prices on the online menu, they are wrong. They have gone up by $2 or so. They really need to update that. If i order again from them and the prices are still off i will be disappointed. Also last time i ordered, the food was OK, not great how it usually is...i guess they cant be perfect right?
For conference travelers pent up in a nearby hotel,  three of us found Fratelli a welcome change from crazy prices and uninspiring food. All of us had fish or seafood dishes -- with pasta, rice, or alone (grouper) -- and all were pronounced very good and the fish fresh and tasty. Nice Italian tone to the place.
Only had the gnochetti with tomato sauce. It was excellent.
In a sea of mediocre wanna be Italian restaurants littering Miami, this one is truly authentic. Tucked away downtown, it's easily missed as it doesn't try hard to be trendy or posh. It's just good classic Italian food. Bruschetta and pasta with filet was outstanding. Highly recommend.
Have been to Fratelli several times. It's a little gem in the downtown Miami area. Luckily I can walk here and have done so several times.  I've had the penne with chicken, lasagne, fiocchi with pears, you name it.  EVERYTHING is perfecto! The pasta is homemade and their desserts are amazing.  Do yourself a favor and save space for the desserts...you won't regret it.  Servers are always cordial and fast to refill your glass.  I just love this place! Will continue to eat here until I run out of $$$.
Wonderful spot for a work lunch. Sit at sidewalk tables if available and weather not so hot. I felt like I was back in New York.
Hands down best Italian food in Miami. Consistently great food, great service, great value. My boo and I frequent this restaurant and have yet to be disappointed. The bruschettas are excellent, pizza and pastas alike. You must try this restaurant! More recently we celebrated his birthday there because it's that good.
Amazingly amazing food!  I ate there with my mom and husband and all of our food was fabulous.  My mom had the tocchino e noci salad (AMAZING!) I had the lasagna (even more amazing!) and my husband had a pizza.  His pizza reminded me of when we visited Italy, but this had more flavor.  Perfectly thin crust and everything.  Pure goodness!!  I wish I could go back today.  Oh!  The tiramisu is awesome!  Go there....now!
Fratelli Milano is one of the few restaurants in Miami where you can actually find real italian food! The service is great and the employes amazing! You should def try it out!
Fratelli Miano is just what every neighborhood needs - a slip in for a great meal restaurant and a glass of wine.  For the Downtown neighborhood - it's a treasure! One of those restaurants where the sound bounces off the wall - it can get a bit noisy - which is fine most of the time, but not quite right for an intimate dinner with friends. Food is consistently wonderful.
Simply amazing.. Best salmon I had in my life.. Great service, it's AWESOME must try..
Good, but not great. I may represent the minority, but I felt that there was something missing in my dish. It was really beautifully presented and it looked very good to the eyes; however, it was lacking something in terms of flavor. I was a little disappointed having read all of the rave reviews. I'll definitely give it a second chance though
Just as everyone has mentioned this is a strong value play with great flavors.  I had the pizza with spnach and goat cheese and it was delish.  It is a gourmet type pizza so don't expect traditional crust.  However you won't be dissapointed.  I also had the veal with proscuitto.  This was an unusual dish as it featured bok choy, yea in italian food.  The potatoes had great infused flavor and a nice crispy shell from a flash fry. I def recommend it and only wish it was located in brickell instead of downtown :(
Great service, delicious food (the fiocchi di pera e taleggio made me feel like I was back in Italy, it was that good!).  I will definitely be back although I don't think I can order anything else but the fiocchi, I'm hooked.
Really love this place have been eating here for  years. It's really hard to find a place that has both good service and good food especially in a place like Miami. The food is as good as authentic italian gets especially in the Brickell/ downtown area. Dishes I would highly recommend: bruschetta, leggero panini, farfalle salad, rucola mandorle, fettucine alfredo or pesto, The lasagne is a must, garibaldi pizza, and veal milanese. Also, the deserts are delicious - panna cotta, creme brûlée, tiramisu, lemon tart, and flan. You will find that it is one of those places where you want to try out several of their dishes.
Unfortunately Fratelli Milano was a big disappointment for me. My husband and I went there during the week, so they weren't very crowded. The restaurant seems a bit understaffed, so it took them some time to figure out the details and seat us. After we placed an order, we were brought a basket of bread and salsa. The bread was a shame! You cannot serve cold, clay like, tasteless bread in Italian restaurant. You just can't! Salsa though was good. However, the real disappointment was when I found out that my pasta with WILD mushrooms (as the menu had it), has zero wild mushrooms, but only Bellas. Well, no big deal. I talk to the waiter, he sends the manager. I explain my concern, he looks surprised that they even have the wild mushrooms in that pasta, though offers me a portion of porcini, which seems very reasonable and wild enough to me. 15 minutes later I was brought a portion of portobellos! After this move I decided just return the pasta along with their "wild portobellos". I never spoke to the manager after that. He probably didn't want to waste his time on someone who pays attention to what the menu states and what they serve. To cut a long story short. If you are a real foody, don't waste your time. This place isn't for you. They got this high star rating on the Internet just because of the size of the portions they serve. I, personally, will never go back there.
Very good authentic gourmet Italian restaurant at a reasonable price.  A rarity in Miami.  The noodles and sauces are home made, not overcooked, good selection of wines, good service, good ambiance.  They are confident enough in what they offer that they don't add automatic tip to the bill like many other restaurants in Miami do.
Good service, nothing above and beyond but the staff was attentive and courteous. The food was ok and proportions were large. They play loud music and it is near a busy street which can be distracting and not so romantic or relaxing. Not a favorite but not horrible and it does the job, fills you up.
I've been here several times. 5/5 dining experience every single time. Calamari is amazing, and the pasta's are as close to Italy as I've ever tasted. The pear fiocchi is my favorite dish there! I highly recommend it! Only negative comments are about the deserts. The cannoli's are terrible. I wouldn't take a star away from them due to that, but I advise everyone reading this to try a desert other than the cannoli's!
Delicious delicious. Tasted like someone made it with skill, care and love. Very reasonable prices especially for the awesome flavor. If your in the mood for Italian I would highly recommend this place.
Not the place to go if you are looking for meaningful conversation, as it is extremely noisy. I could barely hear what my lunch partner was saying and after excruciating efforts to project my voice over the noise I abandoned my endeavor. The food was pathetic. The pasta was mushy and way over cooked and the sauce was lame. Shrimp wasn't deveined and it seem steamed instead of sautéed. It seemed like the product of a 5 year old on his first culinary attempts. Will NOT be back.
This place is amazing! I would most definitely come back.  Pleasant staff and clean.  Our first waiter was cut and I didn't get my salad, but made up for it with dessert. The best eggplant I have ever had in my life!  The red sauce is flavorful.   The panna cotta is amazing.  Also had the Napoleon and it was too die!
Hands down, this is the best Italian food I've ever had in the States. I almost cried. Romantic ambiance, great service, absolutely fabulous all-around. It truly tastes authentic - like this little restaurant I once ate at in Tuscany.  Everything is homemade. I can't WAIT to go back!!!! I think this is my new favorite restaurant!
AWESOME! I think that I've been looking for this place for a long time! Everything was perfect... The Risotto di Farro con Salsiccia e Pizelli, was beyond expectation!!!! The staff and service were both GREAT!! I honestly can't wait to return. Wish that I could give it a higher rating. **********+++
Planned a get together with friends at this quaint restaurant. The day of the get together, we were so close to canceling. That day there was heavy amounts of rain, and so much traffic in Brickell. But Thank God we didn't. We all had a lovely time, and the food was amazing. Service could've been a bit better, but it wasn't bad. Will be going back.
I have never been to the actual restaurant since I've always ordered deliver (major plus!) Their food was incredible good. Their steak was cooked perfectly and their Fiocchi Di Pera E Taleggio was so amazingly good! I'm not afraid to recommend this place to my italian friends.
This truly is one of the best Italian joints in Miami!! The service is always great and the food is always delicious. You can't possibly go wrong with anything on their menu and everything is reasonably priced. The restaurant is small and has a homey feel to it which gives it it's authenticity.
Went here for lunch and really enjoyed it. Everything was cooked to perfection and the price was well worth it. The only downside is that it is a very small place so get there early for lunch because it gets PACKED! Also, the staff is very friendly.
Excellent food!
