Everything you've heard is true. It was a truly exceptional meal. Hidden on a less traveled-by-nighttime downtown street, NIU Kitchen is serving authentic and phenomenal Spanish food from a tiny kitchen. Flavors stand out in new and surprising combinations, but are most importantly : present. They are a true testament to the quality of the ingredients that go into making your dish. From the truffled potato foam on the aptly named "Ous", to the perfect slices of what must-be-homemade bread topped with tomatoes or dipped into the catalan style arros, to the truly memorable basil sorbet: every single thing we ordered was worth ordering twice. Not one dish left us anything less than blown away. I haven't been this impressed with a meal in Miami in years. I would reccomend it 1000 times over.
Fantastic from start to finish!!! So let's start with the first impression- beyond charming! It's the quintessential "hole in the wall," as I literally must have walked by it over 20 times and never spotted it. So I guess my only advice is: put some noticeable signage. But selfishly I really don't want too many people to discover this gem, as there are only about a dozen tables. But since we met the owner and she's awesome- let's get her some more patrons in there! Now onto the decor- feels like you're in a great restaurant in SOHO- or as my friend whom has been to Barcelona said "it feels like you're back in Spain!" Now on to the food: WOW!!!! Everything was decadent.  It's a tapas place, so food comes out as it's ready, so order family style, come hungry and be ready to be in complete culinary bliss! This is what we ordered: Ous: a bowl of heavenly eggs, potato foam and truffle, accompanied by the most amazing olive oil drenched bread ever! Llamantol: just envision a plate of amazing lobster, on top of avocados and some other amazingness. Grilled NY strip- my buddy had it and said it was fantastic. The cannelloni special: my vegetarian friend ordered it and said  "Pasta was fresh as were the flavors.  Wasn't heavy at all- light and savory" For the final ending- well.... Let's just say that if we weren't friends- we would have punched each other in the face for the last bite of their chocolate ganache! Holy crap! Perfect chocolate with olive oil croutons and pieces of Maldon salt, which made a combination that will never be forgotten. Sweet and salty!!! This place is five stars all the way! Well done! And glad to have you in walking distance from my house!
We loved it! We went on a Wednesday night around 9:30 and place was packed. it is very tiny (Which I like). we had to wait outside but the staff was very accommodating and brought us the wine menu, so we were able to drink some wine while waiting. service was friendly and good. Loved they server from Valencia!! so nice! Food delish!! we tried a little of everything and I must say that everything was very good, including dessert! This is a must repeat, and I hope that they do well.
Mmmm... This place is great! Small intimate and perfect. The wine list is exceptional without being pretentious. Started with the bread with tomato which was fragrant and intense. Had the tomato soup that was beautiful and different with a mustard and bread ball base. definitely for the adventurous, as was the steak tartar. Followed by the chocolate ganache dessert that tastes of hazelnut sea salt and decadence . Oh just go and eat there already!
I frequent often Barcelona and its high quality restaurants, both traditional and modern. Niu represents the modern approach and does it reasonably well except for two inconsistencies: the wait staff were a bit too distant and the decor is "rough traditional." I think. When I go to restaurants especially new ones, I anticipate connecting with place. Here I did not. I will give them more time and return for a fresh look.
Great food, service and ambiance! We will definitely be returning to try the rest of the menu. Ensure to make RSVP as this small place gets packed quickly.
Absolutely delicious...every bite!  Had the poached eggs & iberico ham with potato foam with truffles, scallops, cannelloni with shrimp & avocado & tomato coulis & to finish a dessert of basil ice cream surrounded by mascapone & berries with a balsamic reduction. To die for!
Well fellow yelpers you were correct, 5 stars all the way NIU crushes it. Only a 10 top restaurant that dishes out amazingly intricate dishes in a great ambiance  I went w the OUS and Wahoo Tartar. Neither disappointed. The OUS is a creamy egg dish that was hearty and rich but not overpowering. The wahoo was fantastic. My only issues is the lack of wines by the glass, although the Mont Ferrutx I had was delicious. Avoid that problem and bring 2-4 people and get a bottle. Definitely not a group place as it is VERY small, but that is part of the charm and allure. Check out this place for sure if you're into food and ambiance!!!
Run. Do not walk to this spot. Actually sprint. It's that good and it's ALL very very very good. Rare to find Catalan Spanish food this delicious. Small and cozy. Great music and a red blend from Mallorca that's very good. Highly recommend.
Felt like a very New York type of restaurant in Downtown Miami. We visited the new restaurant recently and raved about it for days. Owner and staff were very attentive and made great menu recommendations. Really liked the seafood rice special, gazpacho was quite special, and the tomato and bread appetizer. Pricing felt fair, we really enjoyed this menu and hope to come back soon. Only suggest tinkering with the dessert menu...
Beautiful delicious food. Loved this place, great fresh seafood, great attention and atmosphere. Highly, highly recommend it !
Run, don't walk to NIU Kitchen! Hidden on NE 2nd Ave in the heart if Downtown, NIU is serving up delicious and affordable Catalan cuisine. Don't let the nearly-unpronounceable (for this gringa) names do the dishes discourage you - NIU is where you want to be! Don't kid yourself though - the space is tiny. When the secret about NIU gets out, waiting times for a table will be off-the-charts.  Try to come for lunch or at an odd time - luck could be on your side. The dinner menu is served all day, but during lunch, they offer a few additional options.  I tried the llamantol (a casserole-like dish with layers of avocado, egg, and lobster - very yummy), the ous (poached eggs, topped with potato truffle cream and crispy jamon iberico, served with toast - ridiculously delicious, a must-order!), the les glories salad (with diced tomatoes, apples, mozzarella, olives and mixed greens), and the Spanish cheese trio (featuring drunken goat's milk cheese, manchego, and a third that escapes my memory). Everything was phenomenal, and the portions were decent sizes, especially when sharing among 2 or 3 people.  I was quite content to split the 4 dishes noted above.  Prices are reasonable - expect about $25-30 person if you're splitting several dishes, potentially less if you order 1 or 2 things for yourself. Do yourself a favor and plan to enjoy a meal at NIU Kitchen soon!  It's a great addition to the ever-expanding Downtown dining scene!
Fantastic place to come and eat!
A huge disappointment. I did not really come here with high hopes but this place tarnished even my lowest expectations. For one, service sucked, well at least for me and my guest. The servers seemed to pay so much attention to the people who came in before and after us. I personally felt like I was so ignored by the waitress, that I had to flag down a different waiter to take my order almost ten minutes after my friend took hers (mind you we were both ready to take our orders). I do not expect them to be on my hand and foot every two seconds, but I believe I deserve the same attention as the rest of the patrons. The waitress tried to engage in conversation with the other customers, and I did not feel like she even tried to talk with us unless it was for an order. Also, the oysters were ridiculously small for $3.50 each. Maybe I have bad luck with ordering food and getting kid sized portions but nevertheless, I was shocked. I should have sent it back but I was hungry and I just wanted to get out of that place The only pros that I have for this place is that ambiance was nice and intimate (despite being crowded) and the pan amb tomàquet was pretty good. That's why I gave the place two stars instead of one. The rest of the menu seems promising but with the service that I received last night, it is not even worth it for me to try. Plus, I am not a huge fan of feeling claustrophobic and hearing every ones conversations while I am trying to dine.
NIU is a small charming restaurant in el Downtown. The service is very good as well as the Spanish/ Catalan food. We had the whole fish, the tomato appetizer, The lobster w/avocado and a delicias desert That was like gelato. The wine and ambiente were also excellent.
On the one hand I'm scared to write because I want to keep this narrow hallway of Catalan hipness and deliciousness to myself. But on the other hand the owners work so hard to make a great place that it needs to be celebrated! Probably the best tapas in town currently for what they offer- by necessity it is a very small (but well composed) menu. Some of the highlights are the whole calamari special- seared perfectly with crunch and softness in every bite. The whole fish is delicious and even though it is the most expensive item it is a total steal-- at most places a fish this fresh and big would be about twice as expensive. Their morcilla reminded me of Spain and I appreciated the modern presentation-- it looked good and all the elements blended well but this is one dish where I wished it was a little more rustic or you at least had the option of ordering a morcilla or two on their own. They were the best I've had in miami, hands down. Their poached egg dish (ous) was stellar. Dinner on weekends is a blast- downtown is cool (or getting there)-- and lunch is always on point offering the regular menu or a great lunch menu of well priced and interesting salads, sandwiches, appetizers and a couple specials. Thank you Karina and company Miami and downtown needed you!!'
A nice reprieve from the hustle and bustle of work in downtown Miami - lunch at Niu. The playlist is wonderful. The servers are knowledgable and efficient. My date and I enjoyed the complimentary hot, olive-oil drizzled bread!  The delicious three cheese tray as an appetizer was followed by the rice dish ( we were allowed to substitute the pork for the mussels) The broth was outstanding (and I spooned a little over my crusty bread to maximize my experience). We also shared a very good chicken sandwich and perfect side salad. The dessert was a low point for us; a little to heavy and chocolatey for our lunch. We will return!
I went tonight with little expectation. I didn't know where I was going but was told it was a new place and this was their first week in business. The menu was very small on first glance and the restaurant had only 7-8 tables. We walked in and it was very nicely done, clean and well presented. It seems like more of a NYC restaurant than Miami. Their wine list was very well thought out and the staff was very knowledgable about the selection and pairings. I ordered the truffled eggs with potato foam to start. Epic! The potato foam was lighter than air yet filled me up. The eggs were cooked to perfection. The truffles were an amazing addition and finished off the dish perfectly with little slices of jamon on top. You must order this! If you don't eat pork... Just do it this one time... Seriously ... Put aside religion... Put aside your allergies... If you're a vegan yoga dude... Namaste... Just shut up and order the Pork Cheeks. Make believe it's not meat. It's an experience your yogi and rabbi would approve of. After all, don't both just promote inner peace and happiness?? The universe is a better place because of dishes like these. You know you want to try it now. Deserts. Just order them all and share them. They make an eggplant jam desert that will make you look and that vegetable in a totally different manner. The whipped Nutella mouse was a chocolate orgy.. The cheesecake flan will change the way you ever look at cheesecake again. Go there NOW before there is a 2 month wait to get in. I'm going back and will do another review after I try the rest of the menu.
Absolutely excellent, the 5 star review is deserved. Everything we ordered was spectacular and the service was great. Keep it up!
Anything you ask for is good. Ask for salt (depending on taste). I lived i ln Spain and the pan con tomate is really really good.  Ask for the specials!
Come quickly before everyone finds out about this place. The service was great, so was the food, ambience & wine. Try the Ous and the Steak Tartare. The place is small, so get reservations with advance.
The food is just excellent. A delight to my taste buds! The Mató dessert is a must try! It's a small cozy place.. so I would suggest making reservations.
Love this new downtown gem!!!! Such an intimate place it feels like you're at an amazing dinner party. The food is great very Catalan and they have a lovely wine selection.  I highly recommend it you will enjoy every last delicious scrumptious bite!!  Save room for dessert !!
Really nice food and good price. Real example of the catalonian cuisine. I recomend the palce.
Walked passed this spot a couple weeks ago and some random people leaving the restaurant told us we had to try this place. I couldn't find much information on this new restaurant, but the menu looked unique and enticing.  It's a very quaint, cozy, rustic Catalan restaurant with friendly service. But what truly won us over is the food. It's fantastic. It's the type of place where you want to stop random people on the street and tell them how great it is...oh wait, that happened to us. HIGHLY RECOMMEND the lobster and avocado dish, pork cheeks with potato foam and steak tartar. It was hard to share any of these dishes.  If I had more room in my stomach, I'd try the tomato soup, scallops and whole steamed (or seared) fish....I was pretty jealous of the tables next to us that ordered these. Will have to try these next time.
NIU is definitely the place to taste and try amazing, eclectic Spanish (Catalan) dishes. I'm a pescatarian and the waitress was more than accommodating. The wahoo tartar and the daily catch (Dorada) we're definitely my personal favorites. My father said his steak was unbelievable paired with a glass of wine, which once again that the waitress suggested, and it was unbelievable. If you haven't been here, you're missing out. So delicious.
They opened early for us so we could make a performance at the Arsht center... delicious food.
Tiny little eatery in the heart of downtown with a young creative chef, a lovely hostess and a Catalan theme. Unique wine list and super tasty food.
If only Miami had more places like this, Great food , great wine and great company !!!!!
You are in the Cuidad Gotica in Barcelona, that's it. Unique, delicious menu. Zero pretentiousness. Great service. Great price. I just beg these guys not to lose themselves in their upcoming success and keep it real. Molt bon!
WE live in front of the NIU kitchen and we have seen many restaurants closing in this location due to bad food or ambiance. So when NIU opened we were both full of expectation and skepticism... We went for the opening day and OMG, since then we brought all our friends (including catalan friends) to experience the wonderful, original, homemade tasting catalan gastronomy! The wine list offers excellent options of Spanish and even Catalan wines. Finally the cosy ambiance and the very friendly service bring this 'je ne sais quoi' that make NIU the best restaurant in Miami.
This place came here from out of this world for me! It's an intimate & sophisticated spot right in the heart of Downtown serving pretty original Catalan cuisine. Amazing food, a well curated (small) wine list that pairs so well with the various selections, lovely people and a great atmosphere. I'm a foodie and can say ...it is one of the best places I know.  Highly recommend the Llamantol (main lobster, avocado) and Galtes de Porc (pork cheeks, potato foam) and ending with either the Mato or Flan.
AMAZING!!! just the place downtown Miami needs!!!!! a cute cozy restaurant with a great ambiance, great service, and great food!!!!! I can not wait to go back!!! :)
Great!  Don't waste time and get over here. Food is great. Not your typical hipster food full of Brussels sprouts and...  Original and inventive, elegant n quaint.
Had the $100 tasting menu last Saturday and it was exceptional. Refreshing, flavorful, modern Catalan food.  Interesting concepts like the soup with mustard ice cream and the dessert with eggplant jam.  Wines were outstanding. Service and atmosphere was warm and attentive.  Rare for Miami!
Awesome experience! Amazing food, the lobster salad, the tartar, scallops, the deserts, everything was great. Small but really comfortable venue, great service and not expensive at all. nice selection of spanish wines and great ambiance. Will repeat soon for sure!
fantastic experience,amazing food, good music, cozy place, great to hang out with good friends
Just had dinner.  Great food, good service.  It was an impromptu dinner and since I read some good reviews about this place, we gave it a try.  As we live in downtown, we walked there and were pleasantly surprised to find the restaurant filled w/people.  There were a few tables open but the owner told us they were booked.  We could eat at the bar.  Bar is a loose term as it is a counter facing the kitchen with 3 stools.  The restaurant itself has about 8-10 tables.  We were promptly given water and the owner offered us wine.  I had read about the pork cheeks, but unfortunately they were out.  We chose the cold tomato soup, the fuet, the steak tartatre and the trimxat amb rosta.  The tomato soup is a modern twist from the Spanish Gazpacho.  As opposed to a thick, cold tomato soup, it is a thinner liquid resembling the tomato and spices found on a bruschetta.  It comes with a scoop of mustard ice cream.  Get a small bite of the mustard along with a spoonful of the soup and wow!! Delish.  Fuet is a dish of thinly sliced chorizo accompanied with 3 small pieces of toast smothered in a tomato spread.  Again kind of like a bruschetta but the tomato is not diced but made into a pulp.  Very good.  The steak tartare comes topped wih a runny fried egg.  It has a strong mustard flavor with worstershire perhaps.  The best part is cutting the egg and having the runny egg yolk cover the meat.  It comes with 3 small pieces of toasted bread rounds.  Yum!  The trimxat amb rosta is a plate of pancetta and "morcilla" on top of pureed cauliflower and potatoes.  Tasty!  We finished off with ganache de xocolata for dessert which is chocolate and hazelnut with pieces of salted croutons.  Nice!  We also had 2 espressos.   All that food plus 4 glasses of wine was $73!!!  The owner Karina was always checking in on us.  Her co-owner Deme, who is the chef also checked in on us.  Deme is Catalan and Karina is from Madrid but raised in Argentina.  It seemed most of the patrons were friends.  It was a nice atmosphere.  I really liked the wall covering, which is reclaimed wood, in different shapes and sizes.  We will definitley be back.  Great neighborhood gem.
Talk about a real gem in the heart of Downtown. I truly felt like I was transported to another city, this is the true definition of a "hole in the wall." The food is incredible! I can have the pork cheeks for breakfast, lunch and dinner! In true tapas style your best bet is to order everything on the menu--no but really, almost everything is executed to perfection and is very flavorful. The lobster dish is lite and creamy and the steak tartar has a nice spicy kick that will have you asking for more. Top it off with a creamy flan and you'll be driving home with a big smile on your face. The ambiance is cozy and the cool refurbished wood on the walls gives the space a nice character and cool feel. The service is great and the owner makes you feel right at home. The price is great, relatively inexpensive with most dishes priced under $20. This place is the cutest new spot in the area and I can't wait for more.
Absolutely do not be fooled by the location or size of this little gem of a place. The food, ambiance and especially the service was out of this world. We ordered an array of small dishes from the Catalan cheese plate to the avocado and lobster to the pork cheeks. We especially liked the mini paella rich and robust in flavor and perfectly cooked! Our last dish was the catch of the day. Not being a fish fan this dish was really superb. A whole small fish served on a bed of thinly sliced potatoes and packed full of flavor. We went with our five year old daughter who wanted French fries and we were told that they don't even have a fryer and that nothing is deep fried! They were super accommoding whipping up a dish of pan seared chicken and rice for her. The wine suggested was so good we ordered 2 bottles. The dessert was equally fantastic- a dish of creamy mascarpone cheese with fresh berries and a ball of homemade basil ice cream.  You must try this place but beware it's small and a reservation is suggested because this place obviously has it's following and gets packed.
There are very few restaurants in Miami that I have had a fantastic experience. Some have great food but lack on service. Others have great service but the food is sub-par and very expensive. Just across the street from my home (Loft 2) Niu opened and I have been curious about the food plus it is the third restaurant I see in that location. It was worth the wait and third time is the charm! The wine list has some unique gems from the Catalunia region. Bold and delicious! The server informed us that the best way to enjoy the food is to share and the plates come as they are being prepared (a plus especially when you are hungry). First course the tomato soup with grain mustard ice-cream. WOW! The soup is bright and refreshing and the mustard ice-cream adds sweet and spicy notes briging out the tomato and vegetable flavor. The treat is at the bottom with these olive oil croutons at the end. Second course the poached eggs with potato foam, crispy pancetta and truffles. EVERY element in the dish is perfectly executed and the not one flavor overpowers the others. This dish is amazing, I would have it for breakfast lunch and dinner. Third course..pork cheeks with potato foam...Rich and fabulous. Fourth course, cod and tuna belly salad with romesco sauce... a bit overdressed but clean flavors.....and to finalized the meal all three desserts. The eggplant pudding with a Spanish version of cottage cheese and lemon zest is unreal! Followed by the chocolate ganache with olive oil croutons and sea salt...is a chocoholics dream...finally the cheesecake with macerated strawberries is clean and refreshing...AMAZING...and best part is that its the perfect price for a treat without busting the bank. If you live in the downtown area go here, places like this deserve a chance and with a menu that is smart and whimsical NIU KITCHEN ROCKS!
