I went to their location in Sunny Isles before they moved and I could have sworn I wrote a review. This was for my wife and my anniversary. The is definitely an "experience" restaurant. You get seated at the bar and are given sushi from the chef. The chef is a native of Miami but has family in Japan, their family also own a Sake factory there. The sushi is by far some of the best I ever had, it's extremely fresh and it's served one at a time. If you have ever watched the movie "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" it is that style. The difference between the movie and this place is the Chef is very pleasant and paces the food to your pace. The meal is also a little pricey but I do recall ordering lots and lots of Saki and other glasses of alcohol. I can't wait to go back. As some people have said it's probably as good as it gets, even for people that have been to Tokyo.
Overall: Do it, go, spend the money and enjoy. I'd be amazed if it isn't one of the best you've had. Location: Extremely hard to find. The location is in a strip mall, the door is actually in the back thru the parking lot. Give yourself time to find it, it is worth it.  We took a cab there and the cab had a hard time finding it also. Food: Best sushi I have ever eaten, really don't even know how to describe it. Just go with it and let the chef bring on the experience. Environment: Extremely small inside but that is one of the best parts. You are talking and sitting with the chef.  They only do certain sitting times for the entire restaurant so you'll need to work that in as well. Cost: Yeah, you get what you pay for and we paid for it here but again one of the best sushi meals I've ever eaten. Hint: Order a couple of the 'Belly of the Salmon' pieces. Amazing!
This review is a bit late.  Went in September of 2009.  Always on the lookout for good sushi.  Apparently, this is the Shangri La of sushi.  Had read  couple of reviews and then made reservation on Open Table (only way to get reservations, as Chef Cory makes his purchases based on the reservation numbers).   This place is really hard to find if you aren't familiar with the area.  We ended up entering thru the back door.  Was greeted by Wendy who is so cute you really want to take her home.  Restaurant is very beautiful in it's simplicity.  We sat at the bar, which my husband was entranced with.  It's this huge single piece of wood that is sanded hypnotically smooth.  There are 5 seats at the bar and 2 large tables in this small romantically dark restaurant. Wendy kept the conversation going about the restaurant. She was unobtrusive and highly attentive, quick to be of service and kept a constant eye on us to see if we needed anything.  There was another couple there at the bar and a small family of 5 at one of the table (I don't think this place could seat more than 20).   We knew ahead that food was prepped in front of us and was looking forward to the show.  Chef Corey is a little on the shy side in a really cute way.  He explains calmly and in great depth what he is preparing and why.  His knife skills are amazing.  Food took about 45 min to prepare and we learned so much between him and Wendy.  The couple beside us were not so much into watching him but seemed really happy after a lot of sake.  We don't drink much and were charmed at the selection of nonalcoholic drinks.  There was a Sprite like beverage that tasted a bit like cotton candy.  As mentioned by other diners this is Omakase style sushi, so you don't order.  You eat what the chef determines is the best. When bento box was presented it was done with much aplomb and the Chef took great pains to make sure to educate us.  Since it was so many months ago, I don't remember enough to do it justice but I did post a picture.  The singular thing I do remember is how wowed I was when I tasted the snapper sashimi.  Apparently, I have never had real fresh seafood before.  Nearly blew my mind.  My husband took one bite, shook his head and mournfully turned to me and said, "Great, now everything I taste will be garbage next to this.".  The price of the bento box was $28.  Insanely inexpensive for what you are getting.   Now the price does mount pretty darn fast when you move into the sushi.  We threw caution to the wind and ordered about 10x.  Each time it took between 5-10 minutes for him to kill it if necessary, cut up and serve beautifully.  I wish I had worn my fat pants that day.  After awhile I wasn't able to breath in my dress and had to end our meal.   Finally bill was about $300, well worth it.  Now be warned ahead that this is not a fast meal, you will need to dedicate a good couple of hours  But food like this should be savored, it's like a great show with the final epiphany is that you realize this is what you've been missing all this time.  Not for the sushi first timer unless they have an open mind and an appreciative palate.
NAOE is the BEST restaurant in Miami and I couldn't be more thrilled that they changed locations and are now in Brickell Key. I dined at their previous location in Sunny Isles two years ago and had been dying to come back ever since. You'd be hard pressed to find sushi of this quality anywhere else on the east coast, south of NYC. Their fish if flown in daily from Japan, Portugal and Boston. You still need to book on Open Table ahead of time, give them your credit card information and inform them of any food allergies. It is also still very small ( they only accomodate 8 people at a time so you'd better make your reservation early) and there are still only two seatings, 6:30 and 9:30. There is one differerence though: Dinner now consists of the Chef's Choice Shokado Bento for $85. There are four compartments in the box and a miso soup, 8 pieces of Nigiri-zushi and dessert featuring their "mystery" flavored ice cream which hasn't changed.   You also have the option of adding on additional rounds - they are hard to resist! (At the old location you started with the bento box for $26 and then had the choice of adding on the nigiri as you wished. I can't remember the names of everything we had but I LOVED absolutely every bit of it.  Very unique - there is NOTHING else like it anywhere in Miami. (IPO the only other restaurant that has even come close to comparing with NAOE was Sushi Nozawa in Studio City, CA which is no longer open. It was my birthday dinner and Wendy and Chef Cory made it very special. They gifted us with a bottle of their famous sake to bring home (in a gift bag no less) and I also liked how each menu was personalized with our name and date of the visit.  Such a cute touch! Major surprise of the night however was running into dear friends of ours who were also celebrating a birthday. What a small world considering it is such a small restaurant. Great foodie minds think alike! We were originally seated at a table but upon discovering our friends we moved over to the bar to sit with them. Added benefit: getting to watch Chef Cory in action. ****Also, they are opening another restaurant next door in the next 6 months or so. It will feature traditional Japanaese dishes (as opposed to sushi) at a more affordable price and offer much more seating. I CAN'T WAIT!
I'm not going try to explain the whole experience, but this was by far the best restaurant experience I've ever had.  Only other comparable one was Seeger's in Atlanta which is closed now.   They only serves eight customers at a time.  They don't have an open sign or an actual sign on the front door. You have to look for the numbered address to make sure you're at the right suite.  My friend reserved a month in advance.  Food was spectacular, service was top notch, and overall experience was one of a kind.  Next time I'll have to bring a date if she's worth it.
Love, love, love their Japanese Wheat Beer - the Ginga Kogen!  Fabulous service and everything was incredibly fresh.
I'm personally not a fan of Miami but this restaurant would make me walk there if it was the only way I could eat at Naoe again. Anyways, E and I are super picky about seafood and therefore Japanese food. Everything from the decor and service to the food and drinks (bento box, sushi pieces, sake, tea, and dessert) were well thought out and an unique experience. Conclusion: Naoe is a must try if you are in the area. If possible, sit at the bar area so you get the full experience of seeing your food being made in front of you. Warning: Do not go if you do not like (cooked and raw) seafood (i.e. Clams, eel, salmon, etc.)
Excellent meal. Nothing more to say. Come here if you want a wonderful and traditional Japanese meal. Service is above perfect. Food quality is better than they on Olympus. Don't come if you don't enjoy seafood. Real Japanese is seafood. Thank you for another wonderful experience!!!!
Excellent place, great food, wonderful ambiance. There is no menu, the chef will prepare a Bento box with the ingredients of the day, very high quality fish and produce. It takes about two hours or more the dine here but it's well worth it.
First and foremost, this place is beyond impossible to find. I don't know if it's the fact that they have no sign or the fact that there were no lights outside, but whatever it was, we walked right past the damn place. The cab driver was like NA what? And the workers throughout Brickell Key had no clue that a sushi restaurant even existed on the island. Ahh...that's Miami for ya! Yes, we were "those" people who arrived late. Oops! When we finally found NAOE and Wendy greeted us (Hermès belt/Chanel shoes and all) I knew that we were in good hands. She was so cute! I wanted to pinch her little cheeks all night long. The atmosphere is extremely intimate. I found it quite cute. It's not your typical Miami scene with gold diggers scouring for their prey as there are only like 10 seats in the entire place and you MUST have reservations. Once everyone that has reservations is seated, they lock the door so that no one else can enter. I'm no rookie to tasting menu's/several course meals but I had my expectations set high from reading all of the other Yelp reviews. I think that if anyone sees my check-ins or reads my reviews, they know that I am a Doraku fiend (and huge fan of sushi) but was not expecting what was given to us at NAOE. I will have to say that Paul M's review definitely made me laugh as he pretty much summed it up better than I could regarding how tasty NAOE is. Doraku rolls MAY not cut it anymore (although I cannot possibly eat at NAOE everyday). I brought my own wine as I am not a fan of sake although I heard it was pretty good (and made by the chefs family). There was a $40 cork fee which is absurd. If you are an establishment that only serves beer or sake, why would you make someone pay $40 to bring their own wine when you don't even serve wine?! If they served wine and I brought my own, I would get it. However, I thought that was a little excessive. The bento box came shortly after we sat down. It was quite interesting to say the least. I don't think there's a better word to sum it up. The flavors were extremely unique yet somehow all blended perfectly together. I honestly can't even remember what we had as the courses started coming out swiftly afterwards. In my opinion, they came out too fast. When you have an 8 course meal, it must be paced correctly. I think that they brought things out just a litttttttle too quickly as I was full by the 5th or 6th course (which shouldn't happen). In comparison to restaurants in NYC or Vegas, NAOE would be up there but not really a top 3. In comparison to restaurants in Miami, NAOE is the best hands down. The service was perfect (I mean with 10 seats, it better be) and the concept of this restaurant is truly "one-of-a-kind" for Miami. They do an excellent job at creating a full experience. The food was so fresh and tasty (only one of our courses was flown in that day from Japan) but most of the fish came from Boston. Every course is fish (in case you did not know by now). Wendy told us a funny little story about a person who dined at NAOE and stated that she did not eat fish...at all. Ay dios mio! I digress, everything was prepared exactly like it should be eaten. No soy sauce was given (not that I'm a fan of soy sauce either). It reminded me of a documentary that I saw, "Jiro dreams of sushi". If you saw that, picture NAOE as just that without having to fly all the way to Japan. Wendy called a taxi for us and even walked us out to it when it arrived (no, not just to the door, literally to the taxi). I will say that I really enjoyed NAOE but it is something that you can experience once and that is enough. Definitely try it out though, I doubt you will be disappointed! You must experience NAOE at least once.
Update: We visited again over the July 4th 2010 weekend and did the whole shebang that time - we each had the bento, drank some sake, and ate every single type of sushi Chef Cory had available that day (2 pieces per type of fish).  It was amazing, and he remembered us from 2009! We're making a special trip again in September--all the way from NYC, so you know NAOE must be good!
We spent close to 4 hours celebrating our anniversary @ NAOE.  While I think about our experience, and how to start the review, all I can think is "I want to go there again tonight".  Amazing food, amazing service, amazing everything.  The Organic sake was superb!!  The frozen sake was fun. The Okaiseki, the variety of Nigiri sushi's and the dessert was palate orgasm.   Thank you to Kevin & Wendy.  Thank you for the memories and the gift.
Forget south beach, take your friends and loved ones to naoe! Heaven, heaven, heaven... Miss you guys btw!
Who ever it was that said "Don't believe everything you read on the internet" hasn't been to NAOE.  I was fortunate enough to experience NAOE last week & that's exactly what it was, an experience, because you don't just eat there.  You are treated & fed like royalty.  Between Wendy explaining what & where each & every piece of seafood came from, to the care & skill of Chef Corey I was blown away.  Being a fisherman I've had tons of fresh fish but none done with that much passion & expertise.   From the bento box through dessert my taste buds were break dancing they were so happy.  My only complaint was not being able to try the mystery ice cream or frozen sake due to dietary restrictions but thanks to their attention to detail when taking reservations I was able to eat everything else put in front of me.   So refreshing to see a couple pour their hearts & dreams into something that produces something so incredible.  I'll never look at sushi the same until I come back. Well played NAOE, well played.
I was ecstatic about this day and it could not come fast enough. We received a phone call the day before with instructions on how to find it and where to park. They said to make sure we park in the garage because if not we would get towed. They also said our ticket would be validated. The restaurant facade has no signage. It's just a typical glass door with the address number on it we were told. We did as told and found it all easily. Walked in a couple of minutes before 6 and got escorted to our table right away. There are two seatings: 6:00pm and 9:30pm. Each one with 8 people each. You are told you MUST get there promptly but people were still strolling in at 6:15 and 6:20 (gotta love Miami). The place is small, quaint and mostly in grey with dimmed lighting and classical music playing. There were two hostesses working the room. We placed our drink order (beer) and waited. And waited. It is my impression that they wait for all of the diners to show to start the dinner progression together. If that's the case then this was one of the reasons I was sitting there starving and the first course did not arrive until 6:30pm. It's not like most restaurants where you have some bread or something to munch on. There was nothing. We had unfortunately skipped lunch so we were starting to get irked when the bento box finally arrived. That's the thing with NAOE. Everything is made on the spot and beyond fresh. Some of it, still swimming that morning or alive minutes before Chef Cory starts prepping it. That's a big part of the wait in the beginning and the wait we experienced in between courses. This is when I regretted not sitting at the bar. If you are at the bar, you are watching him prep it and it's more entertaining. With the dim lighting, classical music and long hauls in between there were moments that I started yawning! The bento box was good. I cannot begin to pronounce or write everything I had that night but it was all very interesting. To me, the real stars came in the 8 pieces of sushi that followed. Each one is served individually and brushed with the Chef's own soy sauce recipe and actual REAL wasabi. A true delicacy. All of it. The first one was the salmon belly and I was instantly hooked. The problem was that it was so good, I wanted 5 more! roll after roll just confirmed that, yup, this was absolutely spectacular. The rice is also made in batches and usually hot when topped with the cold sushi. Amazing. The hype is real. My favorites were the salmon belly, Boston shrimp and the eel. When you are done with the 8 roll progression you then have the option to order additional rolls from an a la carte 5 option menu. That's when we chose the eel and the gooey duck clam. The clam? well she brought that one out alive to show us. Yikes! Kind of cool, kind of creepy all in one. She said they blanch it and then they shock it with ice water to prevent muscle spasms (which has happened in the past!). At some point she also brought out the mail certificate to prove that the fish that was flown in from Japan truly was flown in that same day. I guess people have requested this before? She also showed us a photo on a phone of it upon arrival. I have to say they really did go out of their way to properly serve us and explain everything in detail. Both hostesses were incredibly sweet and personable. The beer we had was the Asahi and the Ginga Kogen. They were both very good. For dessert they brought out a palate cleanser plate of fruit which was good but at the end of the day, it's just a plate of very fresh fruit. Then they brought out a combo of their honey cake and the mystery ice cream. I won't tell you what the mystery ingredient is of course!The honey cake is completely organic and made with only 4 ingredients. It does not contain sugar and uses the honey completely as the sweetener.  I could have had another serving of both. I also tried the Snow of Kaga which is frozen sake. It was very interesting! If you have it as a slushy it is really strong. Think nail polish remover strong. Once it melts it is heavenly. Was I full when I finished? No. I was satisfied. I would suggest you have a good lunch that day so that you can hold out for all the waiting in between "bites". Also remember to sit at the bar if possible. We paid, left and walked back to the garage. "$18" said the parking attendant. "What? we validated our ticket, what do you mean $18?" Apparently, it's $ 24 and this is the discounted rate. Well that was not a good ending. We paid it but I wish I would have known this was part of dining here. I did not see any street parking so this seems like the only option. You have been warned. Overall, NAOE does deliver exceptional food. You have to try it! I wish I could go back just for the sushi without the rest but it's a set menu. They have taken over the space next door and will be opening a new 16 seater place serving traditional "cooked" Japanese dishes. I will certainly be back to try that!
Others have already explained graphically and eloquently this wonderful restaurant, so I'll just work off that. The concept here is a schmancy pay-by-the-plate sort of thing. We got the bento box which consisted of slow cooked pork jaw, a thick red miso, various pickled and unique japanese vegetables, some kind of egg cake thing, and beautiful seared white fish. The bento box is amazing for its variety of tastes, textures, and complexity. It is like a little taste-experience that unfolds. Following the bento box, the nilgiri came. We were actually pretty full having made the mistake of bbq-ing all day before coming. I tried the poached lobster, salmon belly, and trumpet fish. The sushi is traditional japanese style with real wasabi freshly grated and house blend of soy sauce applied before you get it. The flavors were perfect and the fish could not be fresher. This place is less a sushi restaurant or japanese restaurant as it is an experience. The blends of flavors and composition of the meal itself is art work, and is paced to make for a pleasant outing with friends or loved ones. The wait staff is beyond friendly and super nice, they actually remind me of coworkers in the hospital in terms of knowing how to treat people. A huge star in my book is their tea menu. I'm a tea junkie and it's the only place in miami I've found with quality gyokuro (my favorite japanese tea next to roasted kukicha). The deserts have a secret and I won't spoil that for anyone. I went here on my birthday and they went way out of their way to make it special. Thanks!
The food was great, the service is still amazing, but the prices went up.  Last time we went, the base price was $85 per person.  Now, the meal starts at $160.  There was considerably more food and as usual, the service is impeccable.  I just thought I'd let you foodies know.  It is expensive, but aren't you worth it?
This place is the definition of amazing! From service to dish I don't know how it could be any better. I went for my birthday last night and the service, (well let's not even call it service, it was more like love and friendship) was excellent. Then the food started coming, I've never had better or fresher sushi in my life. I'm from the SF Bay area and we have some great sushi there, but this was amazing. I mentioned it was my birthday and they celebrated with me with cake and an unforgettable secret ingredient ice cream. I won't tell you the secret but you have to have it, it memorable. Try this place it is truly a beautiful experience!
my review needs an update. watch Kevin Corey doing what he loves in his new space in Brickell (north end of Courvoisier Centre).  When asked about expansion, he says "I only have two hands."  You can tell he loves his craft and is the best at it.  2 seatings 8 lucky diners.  Opentable reservations only.  Wendy and Corey will provide an unforgettable dining experience.  Oh and if you want to know where Chef Corey eats? it's Japanese Fish Market on 79th and MOMI.  I totally agree! finally got to try NAOE 2.0 price point has moved up over time and is pricey, but does provide Kevin free reign to source the best ingredients and throw in some unusual ones as well.  ever heard of konoko or konowata of the sea cucumber? we're talking at least 12 rounds of nigiri and his classic bento with a few side dishes and multiple desserts.  most certainly you will be trying something you haven't had before.  again the subtleties in the fish presentations and his respect for maintaining the natural Japanese ingredients all in harmony is one of his strengths.  this is advanced dining since the average person might not want to eat every item. compared to before, you can now tell that surrounded with kitchen help, he can orchestrate his bento and sushi symphony at any pace suited to the dining group.  bravo!  oh and the other side looks amazing, stay tuned for their lunch opening!
I ate here for my parents anniversary and OMG it's awesome. Yes it's expensive but deff worth every penny. I just hate how small the sushi's were. Be prepared to come with your savings because you might just spend every penny here. We sat at the bar so you can also enjoy a show.
In the sea of Japanese fusion sushi in Miami, where inedible specialty rolls with crazy names and crazier sauces rule, lies a hidden little gem. And hidden it is. In the back of a parking lot, you will find Chef Cory Kevin's gem - NAOE. Even our cab driver had trouble finding it but Wendy, the gracious and friendly hostess, will give you precise directions over the phone and wave you down if necessary. In the dim, minimalistic space with an open kitchen, the food plays the main role beginning with a bento box of chawanmushi and various sea creatures. (Sorry Kevin, I forgot what each of the item is.) Following the bento box comes the nigiri courses. Scottish Salmon, Maine Lobster, Ebi Tamago, Lidako Roe, Kumamoto Oyster, Live Scallop, Live Aoyagi, Kohada, Uni, Unagi Shoyu, and Unagi Kabayaki. His methods can be a bit unconventional. Kevin uses a warmer shari than usual and he brushes a layer of shoyu over the nigiri. The most interesting course for me was the Lidako Roe (Octopus Eggs) which I have never had before followed by the mystery ice cream. While some of the fishes are exceptional, others were average and fell just a bit short of expectations. The quality of some of the fishes is commonly found in San Francisco/West Coast where fishes flown in directly from Japan are served at nearly every authentic Japanese restaurant. The Kumamoto oyster from Seattle, for example, was not as sweet and clean on the palette as this oyster usually is. Accompanying our omakase dinner is Kaga Setsubai, a sake from Chef Cory's family's Nakamura Brewery in Japan. The meal ended with fruits, kasutera (a cake made with acorn?), a mystery ice cream flavor that I will let you find out for yourself, and two cups of Kaiseki Hojicha (roasted green tea). What makes the experience so unique is the interaction with the knowledgeable and educational Chef Cory and the very entertaining and gracious Wendy. You can sit here and chat with the two for hours and not know where the time has gone. I strongly advice sitting at the bar and fully experience the omakase has to offer. This is one of those reviews that can only be truly appreciated through visuals. Enjoy the photos, feel free to be envious, and make a reservation immediately after. Bento Box yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Scottish Salmon (which I sadly neglected to take a photo) Maine Lobster yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Ebi Tamago yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Lidako Roe yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Kumamoto Oyster yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Live Scallop yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Live Aoyagi yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Kohada yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Uni yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Unagi Shoyu yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Unagi Kabayaki yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… After Dinner Rruits yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Kasutera & Mystery Ice Cream yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Chef in action yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4… Ismael grating wasabi yelp.com/biz_photos/Qzk4…
Zero stars. Definitely a case of "the emperor has no clothes." Recommended by an acquaintance. Do not go here. Ridiculously overpriced. All of the food had the same fishy taste, even the fresh fruit and homemade ice cream!!! They put "fish sauce" on the fruit! No! Ew! And they do not serve hot sake, they serve it chilled. I did not care for it, especially at $78 per bottle! Ugh. The service was great, but do not waste your time or money. Give me Sakura and Akashi any day!!!!
The reviews before me speak for themselves. The food is only part of the experience, and boy is the food incredible! If you've ever seen "Jiro Dreams of Sushi", then you must experience Naoe. They have 2 seatings an evening, each seating is for 8 people max. They fly their fish in fresh from various regions of the world, including Japan! Watching chef Kevin Corey is an experience in it's own. The additional staff, the manager and Benz (the second waitress) are as sweet and outgoing as can be. They describe each dish before it's served. As many of the reviews before me have already stated, if you have food allergies, a picky palette, like to make substations and special requests, then don't visit Naoe. Yes, I will admit, some of the dishes were a bit challenging for me texture-wise but I appreciated the simple beauty and freshness of it all. This was a stellar date restaurant, and we loved the slow paced meal. It was extremely enjoyable and relaxed. Naoe was recently awarded 5 stars by Forbes (one of only two restaurants in Miami to be given this award), and it is truly a spectacular experience. We were the last 2 to leave the restaurant at our seating, and we got the pleasure of chatting with the chef at the end. He is an incredibly hard working and dedicated chef, but he's also extremely down to earth and personable. I highly recommend this restaurant to sushi lovers in the tri-county area. We made the trip from Fort Lauderdale, and will be happy to return again soon!
This is the best Japanese in South Florida.  Period.  I cannot wait to go back, again and again.  Such personalized service and the food... Wendy is as important as Kevin in this venture - she described everything so perfectly and when I started taking notes she offered to email the menu to us!  Such a hospitable team!  The sake's they offer are delicious and do pair well with the intricate components to your meal.  You can bring wine and corkage is $20-$25 per bottle.  This is NOT a sushi restaurant, you will try flavors and textures you didn't know existed so make sure you are an open minded eater.  There is no menu - you get a bento box to start with lots of little tastes of different things, then you move on to as many 'courses' as you like.  Each course is a piece of sushi and served with FRESH wasabi (the only place in Miami I have ever had this) and prepared so delicately the flavors just meld together.  From live scallop to soy sauce ice cream this place is amazing.  People, please go and keep them around! If you need a partner I am willing!   PS - sit at the bar and watch Kevin in action!
ohhh Naoe, have you teased me so.  Making me go back in 2 months, when i clearly can not afford to do so (see signature, eating my way to poverty).  Of course, the bento box to start off with was totally different from that of 2 months ago.  Also this time we sat at the sushi bar.  I recommend sitting at the sushi bar, watching the master (chef kevin) work, and seeing how your meal comes together as one is like sitting front row in an iron chef competition, without of course the hectic environment and the splish splashing of hot oil and fire.  This time me and the mrs.  had the bento box with 5 rounds of nigiri (each round is 2 pieces of nigiri) This was also the first time we tried Uni (sea urchin roe).  It was creamy and totally different from anything else we had tried.  There was not a hint of a fishy flavor at all.  My favorite of course is the salmon belly, from which i had 2 rounds of this thus making my total 6 rounds of nigiri, whereas the mrs. got 5 rounds.  This time we also tried the Unagi (eel) nigiri,  I had to order this, because throughout the whole night, chef kevin was tending to the meat, constantly brushing the meat with a secret sauce, and putting it into the oven, for hours.  The unagi not surprisingly was delicious and just melts in your mouth.  Anything that takes the whole night to cook has to be good.  Also what was new to us was the raw scallop nigiri.  To be honest, this was probably the least favorite, since I was expecting the best scallop ever,  the raw scallops ive eaten in san fran was better. At the end we got the traditional japanese dessert which chef kevin made home made sweet potato mochi perfectly paired with a japanese tea.   The night was spectacular, Wendy the hostess is bubbly and fun to talk to, and chef kevin, although soft spoken is equally easy to talk to.  I wish them nothing but the best.   I will be back..in the mean time i will be saving up!
Incredible place. I consider myself a sushi pro. I own a sushi restaurant in the Caribbean. I had 5 gourmet trips to Japan (visited all Michelin stars restaurants in Tokyo). I went to many famous japanese restaurants around the world. Naoe is a very good place to go if you like japanese gourmet food. And I think this place is not expensive at all for the level of service and quality of food.
Hello, My name is Jimmy and I am an NAOE-oholic! I have known Kevin for a while...  this has been my 6th time dinning there and there are very few places I do repeats... the man introduced me to shiso( I want to say like 5 or 6 years ago, this was before NAOE) ... I was unaware of this aromatic leaf before this.. and now he brings me kohada... damn!! its soo good. I have seen NAOE grow from a concept to a finalized master piece... I still remember sitting at the sushi bar where he worked before and having conversations with him, talking about one day looking to open his own place... I can assure you that everything from the chop sticks to the glassware were not just bought because it was needed but because it was the right thing to have. The ambiance of the place is amazing... it's like disconnecting from the outside world and entering the small city of NAOE. (please note the entrance is on the back) I am pretty sure by the time you have read my review you already know that IT'S RESERVATIONS ONLY!!!! (opentable.com) best way to describe it... think of it as going to the movies.. show starts 7, 9 and 11, there are only so many seats... there are no walk-ins... there is no extra chairs and tables in the back room.. (there is no back room). Get ready to have a long dinner, you will not notice time go by... this is not just food from a buffet line.. everything is made like if it was a piece of art... and yes... " it's not fresh its alive" (this is on the business card. Hu hu hu) The Staff!!! Check out the NAOE website... ( naoemiami.com ) you can see why sushi is in coded in Kevin's DNA. =) His heritage.. his experience, and his culture....it's all in his Gene pool. Don't be fooled by Kevin's quietness!!! He truly is a comedian... lol!... If you really want to get him started... get a bottle of sake and give him a couple of shots!!! ( his friend calls it ninja juice...) Wendy!!! Is just amazing.. if I ever do open my bakeshop.. I am paying Wendy double and I am stealing her!!! Lol... ( I am kidding) She is soooo knowledgeable in so many things... if it's not soooo busy.. do have a time to get to know Wendy.. she is just the perfect hostess/ waitress.. The Ceremony, the Addiction ( basically the food.) So here is how I do it... hehehe.. the Dinner consist of a bento box with a broth/ consume/ soup of some sort... (like I said I have been there 6 times and yet to have had a repeat on anything...) followed by sushi (nigirizushi ) he pretty much buys everything everyday.. and everything is cooked or sliced fresh. He starts preparing everything at the times of seating... there is a small wait before you get your bento box.. but no worries!!! My suggestion is to start with a beer!! Sapporo!! ( its draft!!) then indulge in my addiction Calipico! This is when u also want to start looking at sake choices (Ninja Juice!)... I think I have tried most of them... and there is one that is served frozen!!! Like icy!!! I don't want to ruin it for you but Wendy does an amazing Job explaining the sakes!!! Once you get your bento box.. and side broth, Wendy or Kevin .. depending where you sit will explain to you what you are having... they do not mind... taking the time to be detailed on this.. so if you have any questions... ask them. As you start eating .... mix it up.. taste a little bit of everything first... soo delicious... After you are done with your bento box.. it is time to eat till you burst!!! Kevin will make sushi fresh for you.. and let me tell you .. once you indulge in this.. sushi will not taste the same anywhere else... he has literary ruined all sushi made in any other sushi bar... curse you!!!! =)... if you do get the chance to sit at the bar.. you are in for a show... the last time I was there I made the mistake of taking my sister... ugh... she started comparing and criticizing how messy I work compared to Kevin's cleanliness and organization... ( I challenge you to a cake decorating contest haaaa) Ask what he has available as far as the fish goes... fresh.. grated wasabi... homemade sauce for the sushi.. I am tell you.. your about to get spoiled! I have included pictures from various times I went to eat there... hope you enjoy them! Thanks, Jimmy
NAOE is like no other restaurant I have been to. Chef Kevin Corey truly is amazing.  We sat at the bar next to another couple and were able to softly speak to (or quiz) Chef Corey throughout the meal.  The Bento Box was really nice.  I can't remember everything but the seared flounder was exceptional as well as the deep fried eggplant and the tofu.  The chef's selection is $26 and then you start eating shushi as it "comes out."  You can decline to eat any of it or ask for more. Prices are $2-$8 per piece so it adds up really quick.  We had "Golden Crab" fresh as fresh can be. The crab was brought out whole and still moving.  Chef removed its 6 legs and proceeded to use a very large chef's knife to seperate the meat from the shell of the legs. This took about 15 minutes alone.  He served this with a type of sweet shrimp as the counter piece of shushi. I remember him saying that the crab was from 500 feet and the shrimp was from 3000 feet below sea level.  He sources all of his food and knows a lot about each item.  We had some of the sake made from the chef's family's brewery in Japan established around 1800.  It was good.   The only reason why I am not giving NAOE 5 stars is that it is not for everyone and I don't know when I will return. The meal was over 3 hours and the price ended up being really expensive.
After reading Rob C's review, and this restaurant is so close to my place. I decide to try NAOE this Wednesday night. Although this restaurant can only seat 17 people, but atmosphere and decoration are just perfect. Not too exaggerate, unlike some "Fusion" restaurant.  No Menu in here, Chef design the menu at least once a week. Depending on seasonal resource. Sake I had was from Chef's family in Japan. Many of things I had were rare to find in other restaurant. So I am trying to visit this place at least twice a month.
I truly don't understand all the reviews that have been written for Naoe. It is true that the experience begins with the eight week anticipation of an unbelievable experience but the opposite happened to ALL of us in our party. I've travelled the world, been to many restaurants and had many tasting menus- this was by far the WORSE experience I have ever had. If you can call a bento box and seven individual pieces of sushi served one piece every 20 minutes an eight course meal, then a Happy Meal at McDonalds is a four course meal. Wendy and the service was great, but one piece of sushi every 20 minutes if just wrong. After a three hour dinner, we just wanted to get it over with and leave- too bad it was after midnight on a weekday to go to another restaurant and have dinner. I can't say enough on how bad the experience was for us and for other friends we have spoken to- who have gone on other days. Sushi-ok, service-great, experience- I had to apologize to the people I invited.
we went to naoe for my 26th birthday dinner / valentine's dinner. we also went on suberbowl sunday, so the place was empty! just me, my bf, and another couple. excellent service, excellent food. wendy was a great hostess, and chef cory was fun to watch. we had the best seat in the house. i was so excited to eat here, and was NOT disappointed! i wasn't expecting to find a place like this in miami, but then again, i don't think it would work anwhere else. i'm not going to talk about the food, bc you should just go there and experience it yourself. stop reading the other detailed posts, cause reading will just ruin the surprise/experience! i thought the bento box was extremely creative, it was like a piece of art! the nigiri that came afterwards was very fresh, but nothing too special there (except some of the fish were flown in from japan or caught by the chef's friends, and also, he uses his family's soy sauce). it was VERY cool to be one of two couples at the restaurant, we got to talk to the chef himself and learn more about him and his experiences. they also gave me a birthday present at the end of the night, which i thought was very sweet. i definately want to go back... also, wendy mentioned that they keep track of your contact information, so if you do decide to go back a second time around, they will try to accomadate and have new items in the bento box!
I will not comment on the food because I agree with everything that has been posted so far.  So, I'll  comment on the service and the overall dining experience. Although the decor is minimal, it has a very intimate yet laid back feel to it.  Wendy who manages the reservation to serving and everything in between was super friendly and sweet.  We were the last remaining ones at the end of the evening (due to the rain, not many ppl showed up) so we chatted with Wendy and Kevin for awhile.   We braved the torrential rain to get there but it was worth it.  It rained so much by the time we finished our 3 hour dinner experience, the parking lot was totally flooded.  The water was above your ankle level!  They actually picked up diners from their SUV and drove them to their car. The ladies waited out in the front.  ;-)  Wendy waited with me outside with an umbrella for my hubby to get the car out of the parking lot. They are so accommodating and will adapt dishes for food allergies or restrictions (advanced notice required). Perhaps it was the torrential rain storm that enhanced the dining experience but overall it was a memorable dining experience and one of the highlights of my vacation in Miami.
Now, this is what I'm talking about! It's been a long time since I came across such an amazing Japanese restaurant. This restaurant is definitely on par with some of the top notch restaurants in Japan. If you really appreciate authentic Japanese and have been disgusted with all the sushi joints that sell you bad fish covered with ridiculous sauces in dim lights, in attempts to comprise shit food with presentation, then this will be your sanctuary. You will have the most amazing time here. Many reviews say that prices are great and it is true. But, you have to understand that in order to make the best out of the trip to NAOE, you have to prepare to spend $100. And that's as much as you'll be spending. And trust me, it's worth the money. So, here is the layout to how it works here. If you are planning to go to NAOE, I want you to read this. 1) You start off with a bento box that contains a variety of Japanese food, from fried fish, japanese egg custard, rice, sashimi, and many others. The bento box menu changes every day and are random, so you cannot choose what you will get. You get what the chef gives you and trust me, you cannot go wrong. 2) After you finish your bento, you start with the post-bento sushi that progresses in the order of chef Cory's choice. Unlike the regular Japanese restaurants here, NAOE does not serve all the sushi at once. Chef Cory serves one sushi at a time and gives you enough time in between to enjoy. The warmth of the rice and the coldness of the fish/shellfish creates a perfect harmony. Part of the reason that Chef Cory serves one sushi at a time is because you get the best flavor when this temperature balance holds. Once the fish/shellfish gets a little warmer, the freshness deteriorates and so does the taste. Every sushi is prepared with the soy sauce and wasabi that the chef has specially made, so you will not be dunkin' into your usual Kikkoman soy sauce, criminally destroying the flavor of the sushi. Once you've had enough you can stop. But, like I said, the pace is very slow, so you will be digesting faster than you will be waiting for the next one to arrive. 3) You will finish the meal off with a small bowl of assorted fruits and a very special dessert, which I will not and cannot tell you. Even the restaurant keeps it a secret until you finish the dessert and they whisper it to you. It's very good and very interesting. I suggest you try. Few more tips: 1) Tea collections are great. There are many genuine Japanese green teas that you can try. And no, they are not the green powder that you mix into the water, which 99% of other Japanese restaurants serve. 2) Chef Kevin Cory's family has been running a sake brewery called Nakamura Brewery since the 1800s. They have an exclusive collection and an acute description of each, so please do enjoy with the meal. 3) If you are not a sake fan, they have Sapporo draft beers, which are excellent as well. 4) There are many people who would comment and say that they were hungry after the whole meal and that the portions were ridiculous. The portions are indeed small, and it was too pricey. You pay, not by portion, but by the quality of the fine dining. If you complain about the portion here, you will complain about it at any other fine restaurants. In fact, you should go to a local buffet and conquer your hunger there. 5) The location of this place is quite tricky and the restaurant sign is very small. It is located across Aroma Espresso Bar, which is more visible. If you look carefully enough, there is a small sign with no lighting that says NAOE. Getting here itself is a journey. ENJOY!
Of course we had to eat here, too - that is, after we FOUND the place. Located in a nondescript strip mall, the BACKSIDE is their front entrance, and it may take a few tries to find the correct entry. Anyways, we got there hungry (mistake right there). They were waiting for other guests to arrive. We sat there, in our prime spots at the bar, for almost an hour - without any food. Usually I don't mind waiting for food that much - a little ETOH gets me going, especially when partaken on an empty stomach, and when the night is young. However, the ETOH selection turned out to be dismal. Knowing this was an expensive restaurant, I would have loved to shell out for a glass of bubbly or two, a bottle even - or a nice dry white, or a dry martini, whatever (OR TELL ME TO BRING SOMETHING, even). All they had to offer was beer (which neither SO nor I drink) and three different kinds of sake. Having virtually no experience with sake, we took the middle road, and chose the 'mid range' sake which was about 90 bucks! It was ok but I would not shell out this much money again; I can probably get a very good bottle of wine for the price. Their top of the line sake is, like, 150 bucks. Forgive my 'cheap' antics here, but for customers who don't understand or 'get' sake, there is not much choice at all (and no, no after dinner digestif either). And, after building a mini buzz from the first bottle of sake - I was left longing for alternatives, not wanting to order another one (or even, the more expensive alternative), and therefore, the dopamine rush was interrupted. So we drank water excessively. All in all, there were 6 guests at this 'seating', two ladies from the Cirque the Soleil, and two Russians with little English knowledge (but enough cash), and SO and me. They served a bento box - which was good, a nice selection of food, freshly prepared in front of us and reasonably priced. I remember the rice with tiny little fish eggs. Excellent. The sushi was probably very fresh - but waaaay too little for a hungry man; all in all, 10 pieces, or whatever, and it took an hour to prepare? For what, 100 bucks, per person? And I didn't even care for some of it - the eel skin was a little slimy, and the tiny shrimp gooey, for example. Perhaps, though, these are comments of a Phillistine - someone who does not understand the zen of 'real' sushi, how the substance becomes spirit, the essence and soul become one, or whatever. Still, I stand by my opinion - I did not quite 'get' what others were so raving about. Yeah, the sushi is fresh and expertly prepared, but hey, this is a high end sushi place, isn't it? So what do you expect, a moldy dragon roll with spoiled Philadelphia cream cheese? Long story short, throughout the experience I was dreaming of a cold martini along with a large charred strip steak, some crispy fries and Heinz ketchup by the boatload. Here's my advice, hungry men out there - eat (and drink) something of substance first, then take your princess there (my SO, btw, she loved it and described it as 'perfect' although she did not care for the sake either). Little quip at the end - the hostess had awesome dental work done.
First things first. You will need a reservation for this place. Do not show up without a reservation. Once you have a reservation  and you arrive at NAOE you are in for a treat that you will never forget. From the minute you step into the cozy space, that only seats a few people, you feel like you are seating down for a show. I recommend seating at the bar so you can watch the chef "perform" as he prepares his wonderful creations right before your eyes. This is not your typical sushi place. Most of the things that you will try on your visit probably you will be unable to find anywhere else in South Florida. If you are an adventurous eater, and you like sushi, NAOE is a must for you.
This place was disgusting. Sushi is my favorite food and I can't believe the other reviews I am reading. You pay 100$ for 8 pieces of nauseating sushi and a scoop of soy sauce flavored ice cream. The waiters are obnoxious and i had a horrible experience there.
Good food, but they really need to figure out their timing.  Took WAY too long.  We sat at 9:30 (there are 2 seatings, 6:30 and 9:30) and it was 45 minutes before we even got food.  I know this is freshly prepared, but even a snack to nibble on would have been nice.  Courses just took way too long. Good food, nice people, but definitely need to rethink their timing.
What a unique experience we had, we can't even look at other Japanese restaurants the way we enjoyed them before. We also made a reservation well in advance and were travelling from Philadelphia area where we have a good number of outstanding restaurants. To tell you the truth we were a little concerned with all the rules of confirmation, paying with credit card and being on time, especially that we were flying into hurricane Sandy. But our experience at Naoe settled all the worries. When we found the restaurant and parked, Wendy was already waiting for us outside the door and welcomed us inside, we were a little early being out of town, didn't want to be late. It was a smart decision on our part to reserve to sit at the bar. The arrangement is 4 people at the bar and 4 at the tables. The kitchen is a state of the Japanese art, all stainless steel with the array of Japanese pots and pans. The whole evening was like a fine art theater performed in front of your eyes. On the other hand it was very relaxing, like you came to a home of your dear friends who would like to treat you to a special meal. Wendy, the manager and fine hostess was a pleasure and a wealth of information, explaining all the elements of the food, drink and even showing us interesting pictures related to Japanese food and fish catching business. We also met a very nice young guy Alisher, who is a sui chef to chef Cory, we learned that he has an aspiration to be a fine Japanese chef himself. We chose a nice unfiltered beer and a frozen sake for drinks. Then the dinner began. The bento box was very interesting combination of different dishes. Flounder soup, sashimi with ikra that wasn't salty at all, chef Cory showed us how it looked like before he prepared it for dinner. The art of Chef Cory's knife technique was amazing to watch, he was slicing fish like a violinist playing his violin with the bow. After bento box will follow nigiri sushi accompanied by a fine soy sauce prepared by chef Cory's himself, you would never eat any other one after that, such an earthiness of a smell to it. salmon belly, kumomoto oyster, cod liver with the small octopus on top, kohada etc. We also ordered uni and unagi as extra sushi dishes and my husband enjoyed the cod liver with octopus so much, he ordered more of that. Then we had the most delicious fruit platter and a tea with a desert. I guessed the mystery ice cream pretty close to what it was, have fun with it. What an unbelievable time we had, we were not rushed, very full of food and experience, definitely coming back and telling all of our friends to come.
Super interesting dining experience.   The aesthetics?  A five:  cool, modern, calm interior.  The service and chef?  Great, warm, fab.  On an ingredient and construction level, the food (content, presentation):  also a five.  Why a four?  Maybe at the end, I found the food more interesting than delicious.   I ilke new food experiences, and I don't mind pushing my palate.  For example, I love Bar Agricole in  San Francisco (not always perfect, but always interesting), and Raku in Las Vegas slays me.  This was worth it.  I might say that there was a lot of intellect in the food, and maybe I like my experiences a little messier.  It was great.  Just very cerebral.
We went last night with a couple of friends, it was an awesome night! The food was outstanding! Everything was execute perfectly, I've been spoiled all night with aromas and flavors, my mouth was having a party! I enjoy the bento box but enjoy more the 8 different sushi pieces. Yeah I'm dying to get that wasabi and beer that got yesterday, Nothing seems to be the same anymore... sushi would be never the same because I've tried the best of the best.
Not sure what all the hype is I tried this place when it opened. I guess you have to be open to eating anything they serve to you. I am not, and I do not recommend this place to people who are not into trying odd weird food. I have to admit this is by far the most authentic japanese/sushi I have ever eaten. It is a very nice romantic atmosphere and they definately do not rush you. I think we were there over 3 hours for dinner. I would love if this place offered a menu. I definately would be eating there more often if I could order what I wanted to eat !
Where do I even begin... How about I decided to finally start Yelping solely because of NAOE. Hands down in my top 5 dining experiences to date. Everything was perfect; we left this place like little kids in a candy store. Granted this MAY change when I ever visit Japan, but for the very select few "purist" sushi spots in the states, I'll take it. Do not come here if you're looking for spicy mayo, tempura flakes, imitation crab meat, or rolls drenched in unagi sauce. Do not bring friends here that expect spicy tuna rolls or think the idea of great sushi consists of House of Sushi, Sushi Station or Todai. There are no rolls. NAOE is all about simplicity and tradition, a cultural experience. Expect wasabi from the root, Chef Kevin Cory's family's own shoyu, to eat with your fingers after the bento box part of your meal is over, and to take your sweet time. You will be here for a few hours, clear your schedule! I'm sorry but anyone who complains about the wait at NAOE truly does not appreciate food or Chef Cory's attention-to-detail and knife skills. Enter through the back door. A few of us got confused but a simple call to the restaurant cleared things up. A word of advice, get there early. Beforehand you already know there's only 2 timeslots to eat there (6:30pm and 9:30pm) with limited seating (17 people), but only a handful will be able to sit at the sushi bar. If I'm not with a large group anywhere I grab sushi, I make it a habit to sit at the bar. When I can't, generally it's no biggie. But at NAOE I am deliberately telling you, SIT AT THE SUSHI BAR. It's the best seat in the house. Seeing everything and conversing with Chef Cory was a large part of our experience there. The host, Wendy, was also a pleasure to talk to. She's beyond sweet, was ready to answer any questions, and made wonderful tea suggestions to pair with each course of our dinner. NAOE's tagline is "If it's not fresh... it's alive" and it's very fitting. Everything is fresh from the day. If it's from Japan, it's overnighted. In some cases (in our case, the scallops), things are still alive seconds before Chef Cory prepares it. This is a chef's menu type of place. You start off with a bento box. It was overwhelming for me at first because I didn't know where to start, but Wendy assured me I could tackle it any way I wanted to. What's in this bento differs from time to time so I'm not sure if when you read this he'll still have it, but I would have to say the conch and the chawanmushi (egg custard) with fresh shitake mushrooms and layers of other ingredients (I believe the fish used was tuna but I could be mistaken) were the high points. In love. You have the option to pick and choose with the oma-kase nigiri selection, and eat as much as you want until they run out of fish (which Chef Cory said has happened before with somebody who seemed to order to no end... I don't blame him, it was that good!). We tried everything on the list. There's barely even a need to chew, it's all melt-in-your-mouth fantastic. Wendy indicated the salmon belly is the most reordered, and I get why. I would have ordered 30 of those if I could! I suggest trying everything on the list 1) for the experience 2) everything there was amazing. And I'm not using generalizations to simply generalize, everything really was amazing. I was surprised I enjoyed the mackerel, it's often too fishy for my liking but it was good. Both saltwater and freshwater eels were also very good. The uni (sea urchin) was divine.  Although, I have nothing to compare it to since it was my first time having it. I've seen, touched, taken pictures of sea urchins but never tasted until NAOE. All I have to say about dessert is the MYSTERY ICE CREAM is heaven. I'm not allowed to tell you want it was but the ladies next to us pretty much guessed it. Speaking of, NAOE's quite accommodating. Any major dietary issues has to brought up ahead of time (I think it's a week in advance), but in that group of ladies next to us, one needed to have a kosher meal made. A kosher Japanese dinner? I'm very curious as to what she had, I should've asked. But it's nice to know NAOE can make such accommodations. We would have loved to try their sake as Cory's family has a sake brewery (Nakamura Brewery), but we were jonesing for tea. Plus, there WILL be a next time. The 2 of them were such a delight, conversation became natural. Among everything else we talked about that night we found out Wendy was part Filipino and Chef Cory had a funny admiration for peacocks (he wanted to show us a video so bad he pulled out his phone, and when that didn't work he bugged Wendy for her phone!). NAOE was phenomenal and worth every penny. Keep doing what you're doing, guys... we loved it!
A wonderful Japanese dinner. The best I have had in south Florida area since moving here from Seattle one year ago. The sushi was incredibly fresh, and it came from as far away as Tokyo bay. Also had terrific shellfish from the Northeast and the west coast of United States. Must recommend!
Loved the entire concept. Having eaten in Japan, this was as close as you can get to that experience. It's expensive and not a tremendous amount of food, but it's just right for the quality of what you are getting. I will definitely be back.
If you've ever watched the documentary "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" and wished you could experience a meal like that... you're in luck because Naoe does just that. I surprised my bf with dinner at Naoe and it was by far one of the most memorable and unique experiences we've had. We celebrated his birthday and we could not have felt more special and taken care of. The food and attention to detail was incredible. It is definitely not cheap but at the end of the meal I gladly handed Wendy my credit card. I can't wait till I can afford to go back!
I will keep this one short.  Great food, great service, great staff, great drinks (beer and sake) selection.  Well done on all fronts.
Saying that we had an exceptional meal here would do a disservice to NAOE. This place is more than just great meal- it truly is an experience. My husband and I were were in Miami for a vacation weekend and went to NAOE with two friends who were also in town. The restaurant exterior is very nondescript- we couldn't find it at first. But, once you entered, complete serenity takes over. The space is small with a sushi bar seating 6 people and a few additional tables. We requested the sushi bar so that we could see chef Kevin at work. Wendy started us off with some sake, explaining each option to us and making recommendations based on our group's tastes. The saki was wonderful- very smooth and went well with everything we ate. Soon the bento box came- rice with baby sardines, chawan mushi, sashimi, and some pickled vegetables. Everything was delicious with the chawan mushi being the highlight. From there the progression of nigiri commenced. Favorites were the salmon belly, poached lobster, uni, tamago, and eel. It was a long meal, but it was really cool to watch chef Kevin in action, and he was very approachable when we have questions, etc. Overall, there was no low point in the meal, and I can't wait to return on my next trip to Miami!
this place was absolutely amazing.. just remembering the experience makes my mouth water... everything about this place was perfect, the food, the atmosphere, the service. I can't wait to go back!!
Great, fresh sushi and, by far, the best sake - ever. Wonderful experience everyone should try once.
It was an experience. Was sad the chef never said hello or goodbye to us and we were seated far away from the chef. Sort of felt like outcasts. Left hungry although I ate everything we ordered. Sushi was good but not mind blowing. Good place for an experience, no need to return.
I give 5 stars when 5 stars are due. I also give 5 stars to Diners or a great burger place, because in their vertical they are the best. Well, now move the measuring pole up in every category. Every aspect of food is examined not just by best of breed but a step beyond. This is the top of the top. These are the big leagues. Names you read about, see on television. Chanterelle was on that level with french Cuisine, bypassing even the finest restaurants in France itself. Now, here we have, NAOE. Masa in NYC is probably the closest thing in the US which can come even remotely close. More than likely they deal with some of the same fish mongers and both probably have the same resources in Japan. NAOE just takes it that much further. Chef Cory is a genius. His delivery is without fault. This may just be the best Japanese restaurant in the world.
An incredible treat! One of the best Japanese ever. Awesome service and unique atmosphere. Definitely a place to remember.
Just dined at this restaurant for my boyfriend's birthday.  We made the reservation a month in advance since they only take a total of 16 diners each evening in two seatings of 8 at a time (6pm and 9:30pm) and I wanted to make sure we had no problem getting a reservation, which we didn't. We had just discovered it existed through word of mouth and then the RAVE reviews on Yelp.  For the month leading up to his birthday dinner we kept thinking about it and talking about it and shared the excitement with friends.  Then finally the time came around to check it out. AND IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT. I can't wait to go back already!!  It was very expensive for us, although we chose the finest sake which was absolutely stunning and my boyfriend chose the extended tasting course.  He couldn't get enough.  It was worth absolutely every penny. The dining room is small and modest.  The staff are amazing.  Wendy was seriously as amazing as everyone wrote about.  The chef exuded passion.   This dining experience may not be for everyone.  It is not good for groups and it is not for those who want to see or be seen.  It is for those who want to take part in a truly passionate restaurant and who want to try authentic flavors of Japan's finest quality and to experience a tasting menu like none other.  We are lucky to have such a place in Miami.  I can't say enough about it.  The dinner was almost 3 hours long and the whole experience was amazing.  It's something you have to experience to understand.
NAOE is an experience - an experience any sushi lover will appreciate. It is not about a fancy roll - rather, rice + vinegar + a thin slice of fresh fish (I'll say no more to keep the night more of a mystery) The service is as great as it gets - and the story of NAOE is one you will share with others when provoked and at times when unprovoked. Would I repeat? Likely not for a while, this place comes at a pretty penny but if you can make it go for it!
Kevin offers true authentic Japan in Miami
It's not a restaurant it's an experience! Plan on spending some time and money because if you want the complete experience you should order the sake and the extended sushi menu. Wendy and Leighann are just amazing and Chef Cory is truly a food artist. It's just like fine dining in Japan. Thank you Naoe for the great memories!
One of the best Japanese places we've ever gone to and definitely THE BEST in Miami.  We've tried Matsuri, Hiro's Yakko-san, Maido, Su shin Izakaya, Marumi, Makoto, and the Japanese Sushi Market and, while most of these aren't exactly comparable, nothing comes close to the quality and how great the food is here. Fish is super fresh.  Everything is made in house - from the traditional Japanese food (i.e., not the sushi) all the way to the cake and ice cream for dessert. Tough to get a reservation, but it's totally worth it.  Service is impeccable and the waitress/hostess is great to talk to because she's a total foodie. Be forewarned though that it is pricey - my husband and I have gone twice and we did $150-$200 per person.  So worth it though... They're also setting up a casual lunch service restaurant next door which we're super excited about.  Unfortunately, we'll be moving to Chicago soon so we won't get a chance to try it.
Without a doubt the best sushi I have ever had, period.  This restaurant is a hidden gem, and Miami is beyond lucky to have it.  Everything about this place is extraordinary, especially the food and the sake, which is made by the chef's family in Japan.  NOTE that they don't take walk-ins, and reservations can only be made on Open Table.
Wendy is a wonderful hostess, perhaps the most charming person in the 305 area code. Kevin is a wonderful chef with insane knife skills.  This is a great joint, but it would be nice if the $26 bento box could satisfy the hunger of someone larger than my 50 pound, 5 year old daughter.
This is the only upscale Sushi restaurant in Miami that can call itself Japanese cuisine - the last time I had sushi this great was back in LA. Authenticity is what we look for in Japanese cuisine Chef Cory understands and appreciates true genuine flavors and tastes of Japanese ingredients and prepares every dish with precision and artistry.  We enjoyed a bottle of the chef's home town sake while waiting for the bento preparation.  The sake was smooth and crisp, excellent taste and finish!  The bento included the skirt of scallop which was amazingly soft with a hint of ponzu.  The Chawanmushi with smooth like custard.  We went through the entire Omakase nigiri selection - from salmon belly to uni to unagi to samba to..., every piece was delectable and fresh.  I especially liked the tako/octopus, which are normally tough and chewy if you don't prepare it right but was amazingly soft.  I also loved the Uni and the Scallop served with sea salt and not soy sauce, both were sweet and succulent.   We went on to try the  Yukizake which was interesting served frozen like a slush.  The mystery ice cream - how can I forget - I won't reveal what it is but what genius, I still can't stop thinking of how delicious it was!  Reminded me of the ice cream I had in Hokkaido last year. Great service from the moment we entered throughout dinner, quiet but not cold ambience, it felt friendly and was really a place to put food at the center stage of the dining experience!  I can't wait to go back and I am soooo happy that I finally found a true Japanese restaurant in Miami!
If you're able to get a reservation here, than consider yourself lucky! The food is impeccable, service is beyond 5 stars and the ambiance is perfectly intimate. It's truly a gem in Miami. I loved it so much I went twice during my week vacation. Kevin, the chef, is amazing at what he does and hands down one of the best I've ever met and Wendy is the perfect hostess, greeting you and serving all night with a beautiful smile. I've been to more sushi restaurants than I can count (especially living in LA) but NAOE is really an authentic Japanese restaurant. I definitely recommend  their preset bento box and Omakase (Chef's tasting menu). All their Sake is great too, just ask Wendy for a recommendation!
Phenomenal...by far the best dining experience I've had in Miami. This opinion is based on 6 dinners here in a span of 4 months.  The food, ingredient quality, service, and attention detail prove that an impeccable dining experience is possible in Miami! The caliber of cooking is at another level. The approach to sushi is traditional yet innovative. Not sure I'm adding anything new and I'm really hesitant to encourage others to go since its hard enough to get a reservation.
Great! A unique treat in Miami. 4 1/2 stars.
Simply my favorite restaurant in the WORLD.  Minimalist decor, impeccable service and mind-blowing food.  Love the sea urchin and eal on rice!
I would give it 10 stars if I could.  I had the best dining experience of my life at NAOE.  I ate there last Spring in their old location with two of my girl friends.     What made eating at NAOE so good were impeccable service combined with incredible food.  Sitting at the bar made the experience even more magical.   Here's some info on how it works at NAOE.  You can only reserve through Open Table with a credit card and must confirm the day before your reservation date.  Once there, you can get just the bento (has assortment of delicious food; rice, sashimi, cooked fish, etc) for about $25.  That alone is worth the visit, if that's all you want to spend.  Otherwise, you can choose to do the Omakase.  The hostess, Wendy, explained course by course exactly what was being served so you can decide whether you want that particular course or not.   The night we were there, we were served Uni, squid, tuna, etc. etc.  about 12 courses.  We ate every morsel of it and loved, loved, loved them all.   The food doesn't get any fresher or better than at NAOE. Their sake and green tea list is comprehensive.  They offer some sake from the chef's family's own sake brewery in Japan.   Really, really so good.  So good that I found a distributor in NJ and ordered some to drink at home and to give to friends. If you are going to be in Miami area and want an out of this world japanese food experience, definitely go to NAOE.  BTW, for three of us, it cost about $400 with a bottle of sake ($25 bottle)   But it was worth every penny.  I would go back to Miami just to eat at NAOE again.
Like other reviewers have noted, this place is HARD TO FIND. But no worries, Wendy will give you a call earlier in the day and give you instructions on how to get there. (make sure you listen if she leaves a voicemail VERY CAREFULLY) Even then, we still had to circle around the area a couple times to actually get to the place. The location is a little sketchy since it looks like a complete hole in the wall. The windows and doors are blacked out, and we ended up going through the BACK door to enter the restaurant (instead of front). But the interior is clean and modern. If you are doing the late dinner, make sure to eat a snack before coming, because you will be STARVING!! We did the late dinner and came HUNGRY. We were the first ones to arrive for that late shift and hesitated before deciding to sit at the bar. Initially we didn't want to sit at the bar bc we were afraid we'd have to spark up converstation and be chatty. But no worries. Boy are we glad we sat at the bar. It gave us a chance to see Chef Cory at work and see how our food was actually made. So make sure to sit at the bar. It gives you the entertainment factor.. that is.. unless you like staring into your partner's eyes for the entire 3 hours @__@;. Expect to spend at least 3 hours as he is preparing the food while you are there. So it takes a bit of time for each course to come out. Also note there is NO MENU. He has his own course planned out for the evening so you better be adventurous. You can, however, decide to skip a sushi or two if you feel full or don't want certain items. I am not a big wasabi person (I like a teensy bit) so if you're like me you may have to let Chef Cory know. He uses fresh wasabi so it is SUPER STRONG. It was so strong that my nose really burned and my eyes watered so much that it looked like I was crying HAHAH. My husband was fine though (he likes it strong). Overall the experience was fantastic.
I was very impressed with the presentation of the meal.  I am not a fan of tofu, but this one was amazing.  If you enjoy sushi, definitely a nice place to go.
Crazy delicious, fresh food. If u have a wad of cash to blow do it here.
This one's a no-brainer. Should get six stars. All the other reviewers have it right - a unique experience not to be missed if you love Japanese food. Chef Cory is a master. Yes, it's hard to find, but not impossible. Do it!
Only recently we hear about Naoe and we finally went last night.  It was everything everyone else has written and more. From the moment Wendy welcomes you in, in the warmest of Japanese styles, to the description of the unique items in the day's menu, to the first and last tastes, it's one great experience. Go there for the atmosphere (small, intimate, relaxing), for the food (fresh, unique, delicious), for the service (friendly, efficient). If you expect and want regular sushi, this is not the place for you. If you want a new experience and tastes, this is a tremendous place. You can think of it as The French Laundry in terms of experience and after-dinner feeling.
One of the most remarkable and memorable Japanese meals I have ever enjoyed. Chef Kevin, Wendy, and Chef's family have found a winning formula. Perfect combination of amazingly prepared food, environment, sake, and service. We will be back.
The best REAL sushi ever! The place is very small, and you need to make reservation ( open Table) Be prepare to eat the fresh and best suchi that you had in your life! Highly recommended!
Super fresh, truly a hidden gem. Anyone with an affinity for japanese food will find this place special. Chef Cory will definitely take you on a culinary venture. Don't be shy to indulge in the omakase after the bento box.... Personally prefer room-temp rice with the sushi, however it was easy to overlook that detail. Most definitely will return!
By far the best Japanese cuisine I've had.  It's definitely not your Japanese-American restaurant with the classic chicken teriyaki and California rolls.  This is Japanese cuisine.   One thing I've learned about food is that fresh is good and simple is better.   I don't mean simple as in plain, but it's more about enhancing the natural flavors with your culinary talent.  Chef Cory know how to do that.  Please visit Naoe and try everything.  Let go of any culinary inhibitions and try it all.  I did that tonight and felt like I was taken on a once in a life time ride.   I hope to visit again when I get the chance.
Best meal I've ever had. From start to finish its a vacation. Once you enter the restaurant you forget about the lights and noise from brickell and downtown! The space is tiny, bare, Dimly lit, and hardly decorated in all the right ways. The hostess was delicate and soft spoken. Her whisper hushed our brains. She set the standard for how we should be here. Relaxed. Quiet. Perfect. She was very well versed in what we were eating and where it came from. The bento box was full of heavenly creations. It had so much I can't even remember all. I loved the bioluminescent squid that was in there! It had 4 compartment w thing varying from rice to sashimi to vegetables. A million little bursts of flavor. Then we received one piece of sushi at a time. Watching the chef prepare it was such a beautiful experience! Request to sit at the sushi bar. His hands moved so smooth. Almost mechanical. It was impressive. And then the sushi. Each piece was the best piece I had ever had. The warm sticky rice was so perfect. The fish would melt in your mouth. Sea cucumber roe, monkfish lover gooey duck, and much more things i had never had before. We ordered all the extra alacarte  items. This is not the place for someone not adventurous! Many menu items were pretty exotic for the typical sushi goer. I loved all of it! In the end we spent $500 for 2. We had a bottle of sake and all the extra items as well as extra Uni (couldn't resist)!  I will be back as soon as possible! Getting reservations is a mission and its worth it! Worth every single penny! I can't wait to get back and do it all over again! My girlfriend and I decided we must do this every anniversary. It was a beautiful experience. Once we left I felt as though I'd spent the day in a spa
They say Japan is about "honne" (what you really think) & "tatemae"(what you "don't" say), NAOE needs no introduction, it is simply the finest dining experience in South Florida. It is both the simple details, the warm assistance of Wendy and a nontraditional preparation of Japanese "kaiseki-ryori" (delicate dishes served over the course of a meal) reduced to one wooden box with many individually prepared delicacies. Chef Kevin Cory simply nails it. The soy sauce ("shoyu") is from Chef Cory's family, the wasabi is prepared as it is needed, even the rice is made in portions to enhance the freshness of the sushi that typically follows the set meal. The contrast between the fresh sushi-rice and the fresh slices of fish puts NAOE in rare company with some of the finest sushi joynts you ever experienced. Typically, if you drink, simply order a beer to start. A warm towel will assist with wiping away the grime of the day as you get ready for a tasty tour de force. Reservations must be made beforehand. Do not be shy about what you know you do not like as the set menu is made daily. The fish may have just been caught, the vegetables recently harvested, the sake, a complement to all of the food. It is true that time may simply vanish as you are exposed to real artistry and exquisite tasting food. (David G. is right!) If you ever thought one meal might be the best you ever had, this might be the one.
amazing.....
Second to none.  THE BEST SUSHI IN MIAMI.  Chef is focused, dedicated, funny and very quiet.  Wendy has the cutest personality you just want to put her in your pocket.. And the meal was so beautifully presented you almost didn't want to insult it by consuming it.   It was too long since we last visited and we will be sure to go again sooner.  Side note - construction for the lunch restaurant should begin in the next couple of months.
I cant believe I am really going to say it. It took me about 3 weeks to finally write this review as I had to make sure this was the right thing to do. Ughmm Let me clear my throat............... NAOE HAS THE BEST SUSHI IN AMERICA. Now that I said that, let me give you a little backround about my self, I work in NYC and induldge by treating my self to the best sushi about twice a week. I have my regular spots Sushi Yasuda, Kurumazushi, hatsuhana, sasabune, etc and I also go to Sushi of Gari but I will not be including it in my comparasion since its a different art form. After I had dinner at NAOE, I went back to all of those restaurants and I can confidently say that Kevin is the piccaso of Sushi. Kevin who is the head chef and owner is a soft spoken gentleman which prepares a storm of a meal. The bentobox is very unique and is really a experiance for those which have never tried traditional japanese food. Now, let me say that kev named his restaurant after Master Chef. Naoe Yasuda, and he really has a true appreciation for him. I personally believe Yasuda has the best traditional Sushi in NYC. Although I love Yasuda's sushi, after eating at NAOE it really makes me happy to say a "protege" has excelled in everything that yasuda has created. Every piece is prepared with such care, the knife technique is immaculate. I cant wait to return to miami for the winter holidays so I can indulge in the best sushi of my life again!
i went here for dinner time...we had a private dining..while we wait for our food we could see the chef made our food..the food here was great and unique...sushi are fresh...the dessert are the best..the staff are very friendly (great services)..the chef was really nice..
I am not a sushi person but my gf is so I decided to suprise her. I did not know what to expect and I did not look at any reviews unil after eating there. I must saw that it was an excellent experience and I enjoyed everything.  Defenitely buy the extra pieces of sushi at then end. Excellent service
Without Yelp, I would have never found this place, so first off thanks to all the reviewers before me.  Our omakase bento box had a fall theme, keeping in tune with how important the seasons are in Japanese food and culture.  I'm fairly adventurous and have tried a lot, but Chef Kevin surprised me with some new tastes.  I can't say I loved everything, but I still enjoyed the experience of exploring interesting flavors.  I wouldn't recommend this place for tastes that only extend to California rolls, tempura shrimp and teriyaki beef. This place really shined for me when we got to the nigiri.  NAOE not only ranks as the best sushi I've had in the US, but it is comparable to the best sushi I've had in Japan also.  The first key to great sushi is fresh, premium ingredients, which Chef Kevin is meticulous in obtaining and only serves the best he can find.  From freshly ground real wasabi root and the melt in your mouth salmon, to the hard-to-find (in Chicago at least) horse mackerel (aji) and a wonderfully prepared eel (unagi).  The second key to great sushi is excellent technique, which was on display since I had the pleasure of watching his knife skills when sitting at the sushi bar.  If you have a small party (2 or 3), I recommend this experience.  There is room for five people, but that makes for a disjointed dining experience since you can't chat with everyone easily.  The final key that is often overlooked is the taste/quality of the rice.  It was warm with the proper folded in seasoning, including the right amount of vinegar which is usually underused at most restaurants. Our costs were $100 per person and that included a $40 bottle of sake.  Completely worth this price and I'd imagine I would be paying hundreds more for a similar experience in NYC.  I thought it was a damn shame this place wasn't packed, even though it was Sunday night.  How many perfect five star reviews will it take?
This is truly a gem of a restaurant, in more ways than one. The moment you step inside, you know that you're in a special place, where every aspect of the experience you are about to embark on has been thoughtfully considered. There are only 3 tables (for 12 diners) plus 5 seats at the bar, even though the restaurant could have been configured to sit 25 or more; the reason is obvious: Chef Kevin and hostess Wendy would not be able to maintain their level of excellence if they had to prepare and serve more meals. This fact alone is a testament to their vision and passion. The linens (Frette) and glassware (we're guessing Mikasa) are top quality, the bento boxes and serving bowls and plates are beautiful, and, when your bento box is opened, it reveals the true gems of this dining experience, the food that is a true feast for all the senses. For my wife and I, who have never been to Japan, this was not just a great food experience, but a great cultural experience as well. We will definitely make it one of the restaurants on our short list for very special occasions, or for any time we feel like rewarding ourselves with a most special evening.
Chef Kevin Cory and Wendy were the kindest people.  Their hospitality is legendary and truly Japanese.  Sitting at the bar seems to be the only way to experience this restaurant so that you can watch him prepare the meal and ask questions (put your ears on he is a soft spoken soul).  The wasabi was amazing.  The salmon blew my mind. The daiginjo sake was awesome.  For someone who is often afraid of the sushi experience this is the place to go because the fish is flown in everyday from Japan.  For two people our bill ended up around $350 before the tip.  That was also because we got the daiginjo sake which was $110.  While it was expensive the experience was well worth the money.  Especially if you don't have the time to fly to Japan.  A must go to spot while you are in Miami!
I really wanted to try this restaurant, and so I made a reservation, but couldn't make it. So I called and cancelled it. I left a message to cancel and told them to call me with any questions. Then two days before my reservation, I got a call confirming the reservation! I immediately called back to cancel. Again, I get their voicemail and leave yet another message to cancel. Then I call back the next day (since I had not heard from them and I was concerned since they didn't get my first message) and the hostess answers, tells me she never got any of my voicemails and that they are still charging me $200! ($50 per person since I had a reservation for 4!) I find it ridiculous that due to their lack of customer service, I have to now go through the hassle and time to dispute this with my credit card company...which I did and won. American Express credited me back the $200 and guess what...they [AMEX] sent a letter to the restaurant and NAOE never responded to the inquiry as to what their side of the story was! (Go figure!) Bottom line, great establishments that deserve 5-stars come with great customer service...which this restaurant does not. My lesson learned is to get a verbal confirmation number, name and time that I speak with any future person I happen to be cancelling a reservation with.
I lived in Japan for over a year and this was the best sushi experience of my life.  Top 3 culinary experiences overall. The fish could not have been fresher - mainly flown in from Tsukigi market in Tokyo the night prior.  The chawanmushi (savory egg custard) was better than any i've had in Japan - the taste and texture were sublime.  The ikura was only available for three weeks of the year from Hokkaido - no saltiness whatsoever.  Their custom blended shoyu - I'm ruined and will never enjoy shoyu the same knowing what i'm missing.  The four of us sat for 3 hours - the pace was perfect.  We were never rushed.  We sampled the best sakes and Japanese beer we've ever tasted.  Honestly, the whole experience brings a tear to my eye.  This is a gem of a restaurant and worth every penny.
Wow, you need to come here to understand!
I really really loved Naoe, but I think its important to point out how expensive it is.  I went completely aware of the $85 pp tasting menu, but dinner for two ended up costing $400.  The chef and staff were amazing!! The food out of this world!
I came here about eight months ago and still remember this meal vividly, so that should tell you something. This place is simply fantastic and serves some of the best food I've had in my entire life. The bento box is fun and delicious, and we had a lot of interesting dishes, including fish we'd never had before (and I am pretty much a sushi aficionado). This place may serve the best sushi I have ever had (having eaten it in NYC, SF, L.A., and many other cities, including at other very highly rated restaurants). Yes, you wait for a long time between dishes. It doesn't matter. The chef and staff are super-sweet, too, and we asked a lot of questions. Run, don't walk to this place!
Naoe provided me with one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The 8 seat restaurant provides an unrivaled atmosphere and impeccable service. It's really not an experience that can be put into words. Chef Cory starts with a bento box. For my visit it was parsnip rice, lightly poached golden ringed octopus, a whelk from New England, some lovely sashimi and sweet corn miso soup. Then the 8 rounds of nigiri begin. salmon belly, live scallop, surf clam, delicate unagi, and so on. Some of the fish had been flown in overnight directly from Japan! After the 8 rounds you can choose to repeat any of the pieces. We finished with a soy-sauce icecream which tasted similar to salted caramel. amazing! Sake - amazing! You can bring your own bottles of wine and they charge a corking fee. Naoe provides a true dining adventure I recommend to anyone. The Manager Wendy is one of the sweetest women I've ever met.
Unbelievable experience.  My friends brought me here for my birthday for a true Japanese Omakase experience and I was not disappointed.  The food was impeccable and hearing the hostess/server Wendy, describe each plate in detail was more than half of the experience.  The food was fresh, delicious and unexpected.  I have never been a huge fan of some of the pieces they served (sea urchin, octopus, tofu, etc.) but I am a fan of Chef Cory's preparation.  The sake was delicious and I was able to take some home to enjoy later.  They are moving locations soon and I have to say that I will definitely be back.
This was one of the most amazing dining experiences I have ever had- Everything was perfect from the staff to the ambiance to the food! I planned a surprise 30th birthday dinner and was so pleased to see that Leighann included a special "happy birthday" message on our menus. It was such a personal touch, and a lovely start to the evening. I am a nightmare with chopsticks, and Wendy gave me a lesson on how to use them easier. Both Leighann and Wendy were extremely pleasant and friendly and we had a great time chatting with them all night. We sat at the bar so we could get the full experience of watching Chef Cory prepare our meal and it was well worth it. Either he or Wendy explained to us what type of fish was used in each course, where the fish came from, etc. I am not a huge seafood lover, but I absolutely LOVED every bite of everything that was served. Everything was extremely fresh, and it was a pleasure to watch Chef Cory work his magic. By the end of the evening (1 bottle of champagne and 2 bottles of sake later), we felt like we had really gotten to know the whole staff which really added to the experience. When I told Chef Cory that I was a karaoke fanatic, he started looking up the closest X Factor audition locations for me! Another nice birthday touch was that the birthday boy got a candle in his dessert and a bottle of sake to take home. Although the meal was expensive, it was worth every penny. I can't wait to go back- I would not change a single thing... It was beyond perfect!
amazing sushi I recommend this place 100% !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This was life-changing. I had the experience of traveling to Japan a few summers ago following the tsunami and this beat all the sushi I experienced there (though I didn't try to track down anything this special). The attentional to detail starts with the setting, a clean, minimalist, toned-down dining room with very limited seating. The dining room opens into the kitchen where the stainless steel fume hood has not a spot of grease nor grime and you can interact with chef Kevin as he prepares the food. The music is classical but so muted that it doesn't have any presence other than providing the bare minimum white noise needed in such a small restaurant. The minimalist design and non-lyrical music points your senses to where they ought to be focused, the food. In a word, incredible. The extreme attention to texture and balance and the many notes of flavor in each single bite reflect the absolute genius chef Kevin possesses in composing a dish where a nearly microscopic amount of ginger hits just the right note to complete a perfect bite. Service was warm and friendly. You leave satisfied but not stuffed, feeling lighter when you leave than when you enter. The desert course is equally as emblematic of thoughtfulness that encompasses the whole meal though it hits a distinctively separate element from an omakase dinner.
I think this place is worth every penny. My friend and I decided to go, we made a reservation one month in advance, we heard amazing comments and we needed to try. We got there and a very nice girl took us to our seats, we sat on the bar, and we could see the chef cooking. I love that you can see the kitchen, so clean and perfect. Eating in this place is not for everybody, you have to be ready to try new things, new flavors. SERVICE The service was amazing, a girl explains you everything you are eating in detail. FOOD This is a culinary experience. From the Bento Box at the beginning to the Nigiris at the end. The Dessert was perfect. DRINKS Make sure you drink Sake.
Three years ago my now husband, then fiancée, took me to this restaurant the night we got engaged. That was how I knew I picked the right man. This place is amazing in every way shape and form and I am so glad that we were finally able to come back. The price point has increased over the past few years but with the quality of ingredients and level of personal service, it's well worth it. The food is absolutely incredible and everything from the lightly fried vegetables to the sushi to the mystery ice cream is perfectly seasoned, presented and executed. I've been very lucky to eat at some incredible restaurants in my life but I think Naoe may be my favorite. The servers are warm, welcoming and instantly put you at ease. It is a bit amazing how a place that charges $200 a head (before tax, tip and drinks) could be so unpretentious, especially in super scene-y Miami but they do exactly that. It almost feels like you've been invited to a very exclusive private dining experience which I love. There is no artifice, no smoke and mirrors, just simple, yet complex food executed perfectly. If you're in Miami and thinking about going, just do yourself a (huge) favor and go. To my fellow New Yorkers, this place is worth a special trip down to Miami (plus a full weekend in Miami+a dinner at Naoe will still probably set you back less than dinner at Masa....)
THIS IS NOT A RESTAURANT, THIS IS A CULINARY EXPERIENCE. If you are not open minded, if you are grossed out easily by strange and unusual foods, do not come here. This is not for the people that think Red Lobster is a fine night out. My husband and I came here for a romantic dinner. The service is so personal, your name is written on the menu. Yes, you get your own menu with your name on it. The dinner takes approximately 3-4 hours. There are a total of about 13 dishes, and they come out slowly. This is a social dinner. Put your phones away (unless you're taking pictures of the food) and talk to your friends. Trust me, there will be a lot to talk about during dinner. Last note: this place is a little difficult to find. When you make your reservation, via Opentable only, a lady will call you to confirm and give you some basic directions. If you think you're lost, you're not. You're in the right place. What amazes me about this place is that this place is all about the food and personal service. There's no fancy decor and super expensive chandelier, no, mam, no mam. You are eating food so amazing and so beautiful, you think you're eating at.
ZzzzzZzzz...that's me waiting 3 hours as all my food is being prepared. Then every 20 minutes I get a little piece of some 'FedEx' next day air Japanese goldfish. The place is also really quiet like you are having dinner in your old high school science lab. Half the people in there are being sold snake oil and pretend that all the bells and whistles that's going into the dinner actually means it's worth the steep bill at the end. Plus the main chef definitely worked at Akashi which isn't a knock but he's no Michelin star knife wielding sushi master either. Don't fall for the hype!
Really authentic and great.  No other sushi places in Miami match up.  Completely different.  Winner.
We had dinner at NAOE a few weeks ago while vacationing in Miami and it was one of the best dining experience I've ever had in my life, if not the best. We picked this place based on the rave Yelp reviews and Chef Kevin did not disappoint. The sushi was the best I've ever experienced, and the level of service was beyond compare. It was an experience and an education.
It was a good experience but what we paid was very, very expensive. The have a pre fix menu which is very Japanese you have to go there, first with a lot of money and second prepared to taste rare flavors.
7 years I've waited to come here!! OK, turns out they've only been in existence for 5 years (including their stint in Sunny Isles), so 5 years I've waited to come here!! So, short story, NAOE (Now-Ay) lived up to all the hype in my head, and more.  I was so excited about the food and the experience that I hadn't even considered the service, but whoa, the service was AMAZING!! And now, the long (very long) story. - I hit the character limit when writing this :( First of all, reservations were made quite far in advance...probably a month.  The $200 per person was charged to Steven's card in advance as well, so make sure you really are dead set on coming here (open table explains all this when you first book).  You're probably looking at ~$300-$350 a head after sake, tip, extra pieces etc.  There are two seatings a night - 6pm and 9:30pm and we opted for the 9:30pm.  We did alert them that it was my birthday dinner.   We arrived slightly early at 8:45pm (mostly because we somehow came to believe the time was 9pm and not 9:30pm).  The door, which was easy to find thanks to other yelpers, was locked and we sat outside on a bench for a few minutes as we couldn't see anyone inside to alert to our arrival.  Soon after one of the hostesses/servers opened the door to let someone out of the 6pm dinner and invited us inside to wait at their new lunch table in the other half of the restaurant.  I was impressed immediately at how welcomed I felt.  She brought out two waters and our drink menus (customized with our names and a special happy birthday message to me) for us to look over while we waited to be brought into the main dining area.   Not long after she brought us back into the dining area and we were sat at the bar.  We didn't request the bar seats (which you totally should) so I'm not sure if we were sat there because we a) arrived first? b) made reservations before the other groups? c) it was my birthday?  but we were thrilled! DRINKS The drink menu consists only of sake and beer.  We did consider bringing our own wine since neither beer or sake are my drink of choice, but I figured I'd do the whole experience and try some sake.  The server (there are only 2) was happy to suggest a chilled, sweet sake as one that I may enjoy and we happily sipped on that during our meal.  Sake still isn't my favorite, but I'm glad I tried. SERVICE If I could give 10 stars for this I would.  Both of the servers were attentive, friendly, personable, funny...the list could go on.  I spent the entire evening impressed by their professionalism and politeness and even left feeling as though I had made two new friends.  Their attention to detail while maintaining conversation makes this the best service I've ever received.   AMBIANCE As others have noted the ambiance in here is very simplistic.  I think it works well and keeps the focus on the food.  The dining area is small and we totaled 8 in the area (I feel like there were seats for 11).  The plating - plates, cups etc were very unique and changed with every course to highlight the food. FOOD Ok the good part.  Admittedly there were a few things I didn't enjoy as much as others, but that doesn't change my view whatsoever.  NAOE is a very special restaurant that is an entire experience, and worth every penny in my opinion.  The next day I woke up feeling euphoric, full of love for the restaurant.  There is no menu and instead you are served whatever is freshly flown in that day.   Because of character limits (5000 booo) I must make this brief.   Here's what we ate: *The bento box -  brief summary The pork jowl The wasabi, freshly grated on the shark skin board The whelk The lightly cooked fish to be eaten with a spoon was mind blowing. The corn miso soup was the best miso soup of my life. *The cooked fish dish - I was lucky enough to get served a big chunk of red blue fish.  Even the servers exclaimed that this was the first time Chef Kevin had served it cooked because it's so expensive.  The fish was absolutely amazing, definitely one of the top 5 dishes of my life. Then we started nigiri pieces. *Scottish Salmon Belly *Oyster *Monk fish liver, maine lobster, golden ring octopus - there is a reason why monk fish liver is called the foie gras of the sea. *Red blue fish - this time sashimi style. *Fish I forgot the name of with silver skin *Gooey duck, lobster tamale sauce and seaweed - now that I've finally had gooey duck I can say I've lived! *Dried fish something - amazing presentation.  Wasn't crazy about it on the first bite, but by the second I was sold. *Sea cucumber and uni - not my fav *Freshwater eel *Freshwater eel marinated and served with sake pickled melon *Fruit plate - dragon and jack *Matcha tea and fruit *Cake and mystery ice cream Summary - I was FULL!  Oh and I received a nice take home bottle of sake as a birthday gift!
So, let me just say that Naoe is not for everyone.  I think it's one of those LOVE IT or HATE IT restaurant... although admittedly I fell somewhere in the middle.  For me, ambiance, décor, overall experience is extremely important for a successful meal.  This place had NONE of that.  Although I hear they are improving the look, you are talking about a restaurant that looks like it took 5 minutes to put together.  I do believe it's done on purpose however given this place is all about this amazing chef and the love for the food. Ok so let's talk about the food!  One Chef and he does pretty much everything from scratch, on the spot, for all 12 (I believe it's 12) guests in the restaurant.  This restaurant has 2 seatings. One I believe is at 6pm or 6:30pm and the other at 9pm... and like 24 guests or so per day max.  Needless to say you are waiting a long time after each serving, which sometimes is simply a bite. Still, if you go here, you have to go with the mindset that this is not a restaurant where you are looking to get full.  You are there to enjoy a once in a lifetime culinary experience... eating some of the freshest (some fish are still swimming minutes before he prepares it) fish/sushi you will ever have. We started with a bento box which was good.  The box was followed by 8 pieces of sushi.  That's one piece... wait 20 minutes... followed by the second piece... wait 10 minutes... followed by the third piece wait 14 minutes... you get the idea! Some were really good but all were, at least, good.  But the pace is hard to deal with.   The one I remember the most was the first one which was the salmon belly. I should have brought my wine, which they do allow in exchange for a corkage fee (the amount escapes me).  It would have kept me company with all the waiting.  Instead, we had beer which was good. This was a somewhat expensive meal ($320) and the parking, even with validation was $18.  It's not for everyone but, if you can swing it, you should give it a try!
I have been to NAOE 2 times now.  Both times I have left with a huge smile, and wanting to come back the next day. Try to get a seat at the bar, on the left side so you can see Kevin Cory work his magic! It is a pleasure to see such talented persons work on your food.  The outcome is just incredible.  Every single item I have eaten there is incredible.  You keep thinking that last one was my favorite and it never ends! Everything is so fresh! Service is just perfect. Not much to add there! Pair your dinner with one of the chef's family sake options.  You won't be disappointed! I don't get other reviewers complaining about the price.  Do you think you are going to a glorified Sushi Maki or Sushi Samba were everything was previously frozen or came from a Sysco truck?  Why would you even bother going to NAOE if you think those other Sushi places are good?  This is a high end traditional sushi restaurant with Michelin level food and service.  You get what you pay for! Complain about reservations?  I guess with the almost non existent high end dining options in Miami, people have gotten used to walking in to a restaurant and getting seated or having to call a day in advance at the most.  Compared to most high end places in NY or California, the wait time for this restaurant is minimal.  Try to get a table at Per Se, Momofuku, The French Laundry and then rethink  how bad NAOE is!
I really enjoyed this place. Food was very delicious, great prices and fast service. You will not find another authentic sushi like Naoe.
My wife and I really love NAOE. It's a very small restaurant seating may be 20 people at the most. But all the food is thoughtfully selected and prepared impeccably. Chef Cory takes his time to make sure that every guest has, in my opinion, the best meal  in the city of Miami if not any restaurant south of New York or Chicago. Remember if you had Picasso painting your picture it would cost you a lot of money. So to have a culinary artist like chef Cory prepare your meal for you is relatively inexpensive and good value. It is comparable to a 2 Michelin star restaurant.
NAOE isn't a place you go just to eat. It's a culinary experience that is very rare to find anywhere. I'm really surprised by the people that rate NAOE with lower than 5 stars with something like "amazing, yet the price..." When you factor in that they fly in fish from around the world, only serve about 8 people at a time, and provide world class service it's just hard to imagine that being inexpensive. Don't get me wrong, it's expensive. Really expensive, but this isn't a place that you come to as a regular. This is a place that I wouldn't bat an eye if someone told me they booked a flight specifically to have this experience. It's genuinely that good. I've indulged. I now visited NAOE twice. They record the menu that they've served you so that the next time you visit, you won't have the exact same experience. Each time, we've started with a traditional Japanese bento box that has 4 dishes/sections along with an indulgent specialty miso. The flavors and textures that Chef Kevin pairs are amazing. After that, it was individual pieces of sushi. Every single one is like magic in your mouth. Slow down, savor and enjoy it. The second time we went they had created a larger prefix menu, so we were served extra dishes between the sushi. Pork jaw and snap peas anyone? Final piece of advise: sit at the bar if you can. Chef Kevin is an artist and by sitting at the bar you get to see a master at work.
Exquisite. This place transcends the restaurant dining experience. Must start with the point of contention ... the price. This isn't cheap, but you are not "paying for dinner." This is a culinary experience. It is almost like an evening at a museum and Chef Cory is the curator. You learn about foods you have never heard of, let alone tasted. As we left our dinner at NAOE, I realized I have never been to a restaurant that so satisfied my stomach and soul. Every course is presented by member of the cordial and informative wait staff. They explain everything on the plate, and why it is considered a delicacy - e.g. hello, fish liver! The wait staff were attentive without being annoying, and I almost considered coordinating some kind of after dinner nightcap with them! You have to make reservations via OpenTable well in advance, as they only have two seatings each evening for about 12 guests. I was surprised that some reviewers mention leaving NAOE still hungry. There is a ton of food for your money! Granted, it isn't pasta, burgers or the like, but we are talking about a 12-ish course meal, friends! Also, a sidenote: they are expanding! They just underwent some renovations in the main restaurant and they are set to soon open a lunch-time joint next-door! If you are somewhat of a foodie, into trying new tastes, and have the opportunity to splurge on a once-in-a-lifetime Miami dining experience, this is definitely your place!
NAOE is a wonderful place if you want to go to experience high quality Japanese food. I love the staff there as they are very attentive, friendly and explains each characteristic and part of the food served very well. I love the taste and it opened up my eyes to different Japanese ingerdients like the fish liver(shocking, I know) I think it is a dining experience that everyone must try in order to know the true Japanese culinary essence and a new level of appreciation. I learned so many things in those hours spent there and not only that but I was so full. The money spent was well worth it and also. The only downside is that I've waited for a long time to get this reservation. There are tons of people waiting to get in and I've waited for at least a month. Overall, I highly recommend NAOE for that satisfying true Japanese experience.
I love you Naoe.
Ok, let me start this one off with a bit of a confession.  I REALLY enjoyed this place.  It's probably one of the most exceptional dining experiences I've ever had in my life.  I felt similarly three years ago when we first went to their original Sunny Isles location. So why not give it the top, five star, rating?  More on that later.  Let's first talk about the good... Wendy and her associate (who's name escapes me at the moment) provide exceptional, knowledgeable, and incredibly pleasant front-of-the-house service.  Their years in the hospitality industry really shine through and they make a diner feel completely welcome and at home in their intimate little restaurant. And when I say intimate, I mean it.  The restaurant only has seating for 15 (a 2-top, an 8-top, and five seats at the bar), and even then, they only accept reservations for eight at each of their two nightly seatings (6:00pm and 9:30pm). And the ambiance absolutely compliments this.  Dim lighting, with a few brighter spots on tables to highlight the food, and a lovely, but barely audible selection of background music to compliment the mood. Meanwhile, Chef Kevin and his team (he works with two sous-chefs now) are assembling delightful items to tease and tempt the palate.   They take you on  a journey of items that is quite exceptional and unique.  Starting with an authentic and amazing bento box and a small cup of soup, you then move onto an assortment of varied and unusual sushi creations of items that Chef Kevin has gathered up from around the world (we had monkfish liver, Japanese uni, a small and hard-to-get freshwater fish from a remote part of Japan, and lightly poached Maine lobster, just to name a few -- but your selections will almost certainly be different if you go). They then round things out with three small dessert items to finish out the world wind tour of cuisine. Okay, so having said all that, why just four stars?  Why couldn't I give it my top rating? Plain and simple...Price. I've always been troubled by exorbitantly expensive meals, and this is DEFINITELY in that category. I simply can't award it my highest score because I just don't see the value. Is it a good dining experience?  No, it's absolutely amazing, and I mean that in all sincerity.  But is it worth it?  Not in my opinion. And that's why they get a four-star review.
WOW. What a great experience! Had dinner with a friend and it was incredible. Fresh, unique, and awesome!!! It is pricey, but worth every penny :)
Still the king of Miami. Now you pay $180pp (exclusive of tip, tax and drinks) but you get so many more rounds of nigiri sushi and all sorts of extra surprises. It was a revelation even for a repeat customer. The bento box and soup combo was as composed and delicate as ever and the sushi included some old favorites like the salmon belly, uni, shime saba, mirugai, hotate, lobster, ankimo topped with lightly poached golden ring octopus in a spectacular ponzu like sauce, and the eel two ways. Some of the new (or more recent) favorites included ika topped with abalone roe-liver sauce, konowata and karasumi. There was more including a (not so) small broiled japanese pike that came next to the bento box and soup. Also included were two desserts (including the mystery ice cream), teas, and a fruit course. All that and the artistry of Kevin's preparations and Wendy's kind and professional service. All the staff is pretty great too. This is not just a great meal, it is an epic experience, like the food version of a great opera-- everything just works perfectly and you feel enriched (not to mention full) from the experience!
Don't expect to have an experience like Naoe for cheap. Kevin, Wendy and the entire staff make the experience worth every cent. My wife and I promised to be back at least once every two months but with kids and all, it's kinda hard. We rave about this place, that's how memorable the entire date was. In reality it is a bit expensive, but in my book give stars is not enough.
There are no stars enough to rate this amazing japanese temple in Miami.  A unique two hours long experience thanks to Itamae Cory, a real master that makes this restaurant one of the best in US.  * Online reservation only! *** For real Sushi Lovers only!  You wont find cream cheese or mayo sauces fusion rolls ^O^ I really appreciate it...
My wife and I had the extreme pleasure of having dinner at Naoe with Chef Kevin for our first anniversary.  As I mentioned that evening, during the delectable 17 course meal, "I am running out of adjectives to describe how sublime this food is".   Eventually when words failed both my wife and I we resorted to a series of grunts and moans with the repeated "oh my god!" that accompanied each course that was set before us.  We were lucky enough to be seated directly in front of Chef Kevin as he skillfully created each course from beginning to end.   The entire evening brought dining to a new level.  The food, music, the austere yet elegantly decorated environment, the staff, and did I mention the food(?) were wonderful.  It is an evening we will never forget and hope to repeat as soon as possible.
Every time I remember my meal at NAOE, I want to cry. I want to just put a pillow to my face and scream into it. My brain just doesn't know how to react to how mind-blowing the food was at NAOE. And every morning since my dinner, I open my eyes, and I wish I was back, in that moment, putting that perfect piece of salmon belly on the most perfectly vinegared, warm, white rice onto my tongue. We made a reservation weeks in advance. We packed lunches for work, and skipped going out to dinner for a while. All in preparation for this $500 meal. It was all worth it, and I'd do it again. Pro-tips: - Make a reservation waaaay in advance, there are only a few tables - Ask to sit in front of the chef when making your reservation - When you get to Brickell Key, ask for directions... there is no sign outside - Order the most expensive bottle of sake - Order extra rounds of food after the initial dinner is over - don't think about it. - Come with an open mind. Our anniversary dinner ended up being one of the most memorable dining experiences of my life. At the end of the meal, they gifted us with a small bottle of sake. So thoughtful. Add NAOE to your bucket list now.
Naoe was quite an experience.  I've had comparable sushi in other cities but come on, it's Miami and for Miami, this is going to be the absolute best you will experience. The chef loves what he does and it shows.  He is truly truly talented.  He paid careful attention to sushi rice temperature, the cuts, flavor combinations, and presentation.  I also enjoyed the service.  Other than his wife/girlfriend there was another young lady who was just eager to serve you.  She was knowledgable and painted a nice picture of what we were about to experience. It's really easy to rack up the bill - be warned.  He offers a la carte after you've eaten his perfectly prepared sushi prix fixed meal.  It's hard to resist when you've eaten piece after piece of delicious sushi. For 3 girls, 1 bottle of Sake, and 2 hours of "oohs" and "ahhs" we spent close to $500.
You will not find another authentic sushi restaurant like Naoe here in FL! I was impressed and im usually not the biggest sushi fan. Excellent dinning experience, highly recommended. Only down side is it can be hard to reserve, usually months in advance.
Easily one of the best meals of my life. Between the food and the experience, NAOE makes for an incredibly memorable meal. Chef Cory provides an experience completely different to any other sushi restaurant in Miami by crafting each piece of sushi specifically for the one customer it is going to. He never makes more than a few pieces at a time, to ensure that the rice stays warm to contrast the slightly chilled fish - which is exactly as sushi is intended to be served. The wasabi is also freshly grated for each course and is a completely different experience from the wasabi you get on the side of your plate in a standard sushi restaurant. The service is also amazing, with each course being carefully explained. By the time you savor your bite of food, you know exactly where it came from, why it's special, and how fresh it is. If you're interested in food and like to know exactly what you're eating - this is a great place for that. Effusive praise aside, yes it is expensive. Be prepared to spend quite a bit of money on this meal (our meal for two came out to $500, but we also ordered a couple beers to start, a bottle of sake, and a smaller bottle of frozen sake for dessert, as well as 5 additional courses after the set menu). But it is definitely worth it. It's not your every day lunch spot, but it's also not a plate of california rolls that you will forget by dinner time.
I decided to try this out for my friend's birthday based solely on reviews. Glad I listened! The food was spectacular. Everything was fresh, perfectly prepared and precisely portioned. You won't regret ordering some a la carte items to add to the experience. The sake recommendation was perfect for the meal. The staff went above and beyond...they made for a memorable night. Thank you!!! (Definitely ask to be seated at the bar to watch the chefs work)
An absolutely amazing and otherwordly dining experience.  The food, service, and sake were all perfect!
Last July my husband and I took our first trip to Asia. We went to Japan because we figured it was the safest, and probably the easiest foray into the continent. We loved the experience. The culture, the food, the people...everything was so different than our lives back in the MIA. Last saturday we were craving a meal like one of the many you find so easily in Japan. We wanted sushi without artificial crab meat, without cream cheese, and with REAL wasabi. After searching online for an hour we realized we weren't going to find anything like what we were looking for in Miami and we settled on a good but not spectacular place where the sushi is decent. Come Monday morning my hubby emailed me a review from foodforthoughtmiami.com that seemed to describe spot-on what we wanted just two days before. Well, last night we went to try NAOE. This place is not where you go if you have a hankering for a spider roll. The meal consists of chef's choice - a bento box in four compartments. Last night our meals consisted of 1) snapper mutton (caught that day @ haulover) w/ freshly grated lotus root 2) salmon in white seaweed, freshwater eel & shrimp omelet 3) shitake rice w/ traditional japanese pickles on top and 4) (arguably the best thing of the night) fresh mackerel (flown in that morning from japan) with freshly grated wasabi (yes, NO tube or powder here!) and wasabi greens (think broccoli rabe soaked in rice wine vinegar w/wasabi). Chef Kevin Cory even prepares his own sauces to compliment the courses. After finishing our bento box, we had the option to continue eating nigiri pieces. He will continue to prepare pieces until you cant anymore. I was pretty full, despite wanting to continue but my husband (who I suspect has more stomachs than a cow) continued on. He was prepared salmon, ika (squid), and kohada (a tiny fish which the chef braids before serving). the last nigiri my husband enjoyed was the uni, which he loved. i should also note that the only menu you receive is their sake list. the sakes are made by the chef's family in japan and while i cant remember the name of the one we had, it was delicious. the chef and his second in command, an adorable server named wendy were so pleasant. you really feel like you have just come into their home for a meal. the atmosphere of the small cozy space evokes japan - simple, elegant, relaxing. it was a night in miami i didnt think i would ever have. the food isn't for everyone, but .... if you are thinking about going to japan, or you have been and you miss it or you just want to try what the REAL fuss about japanese food is about - THIS is your place.
OMG OMG OMG!!!! The food in Naoe is out of this world!! It's the whole experience that is so great, plus the food!! For my 100th review, it had to be super duper special!!!  I've been saving it......  We made our reservation in opentable.com in less than a week.  The same day the reservation was made, Wendy called (from the restaurant) to confirm the information.  We were a party of four and one us is allergic to lobster and clams. The day came for our dinner, we got there on the dot!! the place is not difficult to find if you have the correct directions to the restaurant.  If you Google Maps, this will NOT take you to Naoe.  So beware, if you have reached Collins Ave going east, you passed it already! Once you enter the restaurant is quiet, light lighting and almost no decoration at all - but it definitely looks nice.  In a word the decoration is minimal. I requested we were to be seated at the bar to see Chef Cory make his magic.  Wendy explains how their omakase works at the beginning of the dinner.  You will first be served with a bento box and followed by nigiri's.  The nigiri's could be of fish, lobster, uni, eel, etc. So first off the bento box: OMG this was a SUPER bento box!!  There was a silky soft egg custard with fresh shitake mushrooms and fish, it was very soft and tasty!!!  I could have eaten more of this!! in another compartment, there was rice with bamboo and some turnip & carrot (CURTIDO).  It had fluke fish that had a vinegar dressing with wakame and shiso leaves.  Mikimoto oyster, tile fish tempura with ginko nut (I could not even recognize and I normally eat this!!)  and some pork belly!! It was super yummi, it had a japanese jam that was so delicious. Nigiri came after.  Wendy explained that normally the nigiri's are served in pairs unless you want one of them at a time and you can repeat any of the pieces as you go.  We choose to have a single piece of everything, we definitely wanted to taste dessert!  Nigiris were served, maine lobster (slightly poached almost raw - delish!), eel, salmon (with some fatty stuff super yummi and fresh), uni (super fresh!!) and mackerel!!  The mackerel was so fresh it did not seem like mackerel, normally it's very fishy, salty and acid from the vinegar. Dessert time came, we had some home made mochi, home made pound cake jap version , fresh cut fruit with a bit of vinegar and a surprise flavored ice cream.  The pound cake was super soft, the cooks kept cutting the EDGES, I was like LEAVE it.... don't cut it off, that's the best part!! All in all, NAOE was an incredible experience.  The food quality is super fresh, service is at its EXTREME supreme quality!!  We did not have any sake, no sake drinkers here, the bill came out to aproximately $100.00 per person including tax and grat.  Definitely this place is to GO BACK.  Want something super nice and great quality food, go to NAOE!!!!!
I'd been wanting to try NAOE since the first glowing Yelp review popped up back in April 2009.  Yet only recently was I presented with the opportunity, and can honestly say, it was one of the most memorable meals I've ever had. True Yelper that I am, after my amazing dinner I took some notes for my upcoming review.  And then I lost the note.  I procrastinated on writing my review in hopes of finding the missing Post-It, but now I've realized that it's long gone, and it's time to bite the bullet. The evening started with some delicious sake, made by Chef Kevin's family in Japan.  I can't recall the precise name, but it was cold, cloudy, and delicious.  We managed prime seats at the bar, on the far right side - perfect for watching the master - Chef Kevin - at work. Our bento boxes that evening included tile fish sashimi, super-crispy local fish tempura with a green tea dusting, some concoction of eggplant, and custard-y delight featuring mackerel, with a bowl of corn miso on the side.  Everything was outstanding, but our night was just getting started. We had a little time to spare before our nigiri offerings began, as Chef Kevin was preparing the bento boxes for the 9 p.m. seating.  But that just gave us time to make room for the next round.  I somehow managed to partake in all 5 rounds of nigiri offered that night, which included salmon belly from Scotland, tiny white shrimp flown in from Japan, Maine lobster, uni from Alaska, and the Chef's own bbq eel creation.  They were all amazing!  Everything just melted in my mouth.  But my favorites had to be the uni and the salmon belly. Somehow, at the end of the night, I managed to have room for dessert.  The tea was refreshing, as was the fruit plate palate-cleanser.  What really stole the show during those final moments was the mystery-flavored homemade ice cream.  To me, it tasted like a Werther's Original candy.  I won't spoil the surprise of what flavor it really was, though you can find out by reading some of the other reviews. I really cannot say enough good things about NAOE, about Chef Kevin Cory, and about Wendy.  The whole staff (all 4 of them!) go out of their way to make sure that you have an incredible meal, and an amazing dining experience.  Chef Kevin gives each plate that leaves his kitchen his undivided attention, and it really shows. Granted, NAOE is not inexpensive, nor is it some place you can pop into for a quick bite.  But if you make it, you will have a truly unforgettable experience.  I cannot wait to make my return visit!
Remember when you used to think that Outback was good until you had that incredible filet from an awesome steakhouse?  Or when drinking Boone's hill was the best ever until you discovered wine over $10 a bottle?  Or when you used to bang mediocre chicks until you finally tapped that really smoking piece of....ok maybe I'm getting off topic.  My point is everyone realizes at one point or another what they have been missing. NAOE is a revelation.  Or maybe evolution would be a better word.  This place is an evolution of one's palate.  I didn't realize how complex and exquisite sushi could be.  From preparation, to presentation, to description, to taste - the Chef Corey show is definitely an experience.  I kind of wish this didn't happen because the free rolls at Doraku happy hour just aren't going to cut it anymore. Dinner is a pre-set $85 for a Bento box and 8 pieces of sushi.  Chef Corey makes sure you have only the freshest ingredients and many of the dishes are alive right before serving.   My favorite from our Bento Box was the Chow Wan Mushi or egg custard - perfect consistency. Our eight pieces were: Salmon belly Octopus Sashimi - from Portugal Orange Clam - from Boston Live Scallop - from Boston Madai - from Japan Shima Aji - from Japan Squid with shiso - Boston Uni Hokkaido We continued with a four piece progression (priced per piece): Cobia belly Freshwater eel Shrimp omelet BBQ Uni & melon soaked in sake for 2 years (melon was incredible, such richness and flavor) The quality and freshness of the fish here is incredible.  I would say that Japanese market is the only other place where I have had such quality in Miami. Our experience ended with some Japanese sponge cake and the mystery ice cream.  I won't spoil the mystery ingredient, but it has caramel and coffee tones to it.  Once you find out, it's so obvious you'll kick yourself. If all of this palate orgasm isn't enough, the sake here is also incredible.  The couple next to us were gracious enough to share the top shelf stuff ($160 a bottle).  Only beer and saki here and a prohibitive corkage fee ($40) makes you stick to the menu.  No Nigori here too unfortunately - only filtered sake. Wendy is also the nicest person I have ever met.  She was an incredible hostess and a closet foodie.  Don't let her sweet smile fool you, she speaks at least 3 languages fluently and has been to some of the world's finest restaurants.   NAOE is easily one of the best meals I have ever had (and most expensive).  Reservations are required through open table as there are only 8 people seated and 2 seatings per night.   Sit at the counter as you will want to experience Chef Corey at work.  This place is as much of a show as it is a sensory overload.  Dinner here is a wonderful experience all around.
My first instinct when reviewing NAOE is to take one star away from every other business I've ever reviewed. If NAOE is a 5-star establishment, then nothing else I've ever experienced can share that rating. Welcome to a whole new world of dining. What makes NAOE so special is the experience. From the moment you make your reservation (far in advance), you are having the NAOE experience. When the time comes for you to visit NAOE, you should dress comfortably. Our experience was three hours long, including a lovely conversation with Wendy and Chef Corey to finish up the night. After you park in the garage, you make your way to a completely unassuming entrance. No sign, no chairs, no lights. Just a room. Soon, you'll meet Wendy. Her warm greeting will betray the fact that only eight diners will be joining you in the dining room. There's no searching through the computer or searching for confirmation numbers.  Wendy immediately takes you to your seats. The dining room is a picture of modernity. White walls, two tables (one for two diners, one for six), and bar seating for five lucky guests. We were escorted to our predetermined seats where custom drinks menus awaited our arrival. I'm not going to detail what we were served. If you go it's unlikely that you'll have the same menu. Just know that everything you have will be at least ten times more incredible than anything you've experienced beforehand. I recommend opting in to the additional courses Wendy will offer you once the main service has completed. Ours were wonderful. If you enjoy sake, indulge yourself in one of NAOE's. We tried the frozen sake, which was a very strong and wonderful way to close out the meal. Service at NAOE is impeccable. Truly, truly perfect. It is the Platonic ideal upon which all other service experiences should be judged. Diners continue on after dining at NAOE and can identify the imperfections in any restaurant's service more readily, now that they have experienced perfection. Service-ness, if you will. My favorite part of the experience at NAOE is that no one is there who does not want to be. No one can walk in off the street and have a bite. Even at Miami's most venerable dining institutions, you get the feeling that your reservation might get bumped if Gloria Estefan decided to pay a visit. Not here. Everyone is there to experience the restaurant. I can only compare it to visiting a museum. Usually, children and school tours run wild through the halls, making it difficult to enjoy the art on the walls. NAOE is a private tour. No distractions. No interruptions. To round out, ill offer a few tips. First, chat with Wendy. She is a wonderful wealth of knowledge about the restaurant, chef, and the items served. She is as important to the experience at NAOE as Chef Cory. Second, when you make your reservation ask to sit at the bar. This way, you'll be able to watch Chef Cory in action. It is a master-class in fastidiousness and perfection. What a treat. Third, and finally, do not go to NAOE if you're concerned about prices or time. It will just take away from your experience, despite it being one of the best values in Miami-Dade County. I can't say I've ever had such an experience before, anywhere in the world. Wow.
5+++ WARNING: The word "best" will be used in this review excessively and without regard.  I might as well get it out of the way now.  Best restaurant in Miami.  Best sushi I've ever had.  Best sake I've ever had.  Best wasabi I've ever had.  Best restaurant "show" I've ever had, with regard to preparation and presentation.  Best gooey duck I've ever had (er, only gooey duck).   Compared to other fine restaurants, how many places have great executive chefs with a passion for their food and an obsessive attention to detail.  Ok, fine.  Now how many of those restaurants can you go where the executive chef is directly involved with preparing your food.  Scratch most off the list.  Now how many can you go to where the executive chef is preparing your food, personally for you, in front of you.  Bueller?  Bueller? I went balls to the wall for my dinner without concern for cost.  It's my birthday weekend.  I ordered the $125 bottle of sake to start.  We started with single pieces of sushi after the bento box but after the first one, the Scottish salmon belly, quickly switched to two. I've never had sake before, considering what I had here. I've never had sushi before, considering what I had here.  Oh yes, there have been restaurants with the word "sushi" on the door and on the menu but none like this.  Each piece of sushi was SO delicate it was absolutely surreal.  The rice was warm, and amazingly prepared to not over power the ocean critters on top.   It's not like I was eating the sushi inasmuch as I placed it into my mouth and had its essence dissolve into my being.   The only exceptions were the eel, the gooey duck and the uni which don't really fit into the "delicate" category but were excellent nonetheless.  The scallops and the gooey duck were alive, minutes before we devoured them.  The gooey duck was like something from a third rate space horror film.  HA, I ate the creature and saved the spaceship! The bento box was also amazing and was a great precursor to delights to come. After your (3 - 4 hour) dinner at Naoe, you expect to walk out onto the streets of L.A., New York, Chicago or even Tokyo.  But no, you're still in Miami, the fantasy is over.  Hopefully, Naoe punctuates a turn for Miami with similarly incredible restaurants to come.   The four hours we spent at Naoe seemed like 1/4 of that time. Naoe is first on my list for special occasions, out of town guests and pescetarian indulgence whenever I can.  If you go to Naoe and don't give it five stars, I don't think we can ever be friends.  In fact, I probably won't like you very much.  Not because of how you rated but because of how completely antithetic you're likely to be to me.
When someone told me there was amazing sushi in Sunny Isles, I laughed in their face.  Sunny Isles?  I have a hard enough time driving past 24th and Collins.  175th?  No thanks. Every year I try to kill my accountant before he files my taxes.  Why?  Because I don't pay my taxes, and each year he hands me a gigantoric bill from the IRS.  You know how many modeling gigs it takes to pay that off?  And they ain't calling like they used to. So it's March 12th, and I haven't filed shit.  My accountant flew in from New York and asked if I would be willing to have dinner to go over my "financial irresponsibility."  Apparently the IRS is blaming me for the Wall Street crash.  I've already told Obama... I'm good for the money, as soon as Gucci returns my phone calls. So.  Accountant arrives, it's 5 PM, and I'm wondering what kind of food has the best chance of killing him.  Ta da: mercury poisoning.  I always thought that only astronauts could get mercury poisoning.  Earth must not be the only planet in the Milky Way Galaxy with sushi. My accountant and I arrived at NAOE precisely at 9 PM, and I was ready to feed him some raw fish.  A lovely Japanese girl seated us and informed us that there is no menu.  It's chef's choice.  Chef's choice?  But how can I choose the most poisonous things on the menu if there is no menu?  Disappointed, I decided to drown out my sorrows in the most amazing sake of my life.  I don't remember what it's called because I don't read Chinese.  But the writing on the bottle reminded me of when I made up my own language in the 8th grade.  I'm still waiting on Rosetta Stone to release it. I was shocked when our server, Wendy, brought us each a box containing random dishes.  I was about to ask for a plate, but didn't want to be rude.  Instead I just asked her which thing in my box had the best chance of killing my accountant.  She laughed.  Apparently she thought I was 'kidding.' A box and some delicious soup later, and we were onto the chef's selection of sushi.  Sea urchin, Alaskin something-or-other, and this tremendous scallop all lit up my mouth.  And so did the freshly ground wasabi.  Chef Kevin Cory's wasabi was the closest I've ever come to electrocuting myself.  If that makes any sense.  It doesn't to me. Buyer beware: if you're hungry, order two pieces of sushi per chef's serving instead of one, because the pace can get a little slow.  Especially when you're anxiously waiting for your accountant's head to collide with his sake glass.  Every other time I've poisoned someone the pace is much quicker.  hEllO, Mercury is SO unreliable. When dessert came, Wendy served a mystery ice cream.  My accountant thought it was caramel-flavored.  I thought it was George Takei-flavored.  I've never tasted him, but I imagine that's what he'd taste like.  Caramel, soy sauce, and a little bit of butterscotch.  Ooohhhh cHiLd. At the end of the night, my accountant was regrettably still alive.  At least I had the best sushi I've eaten in Florida.  Don't be turned off by the location.  NAOE is an adorable little place, and everything from the chopsticks to the sake glasses to the sushi plates are impeccably chosen.  All that was missing was a naked Abercrombie model whose body is covered in sashimi.  And they say I have no taste. This has been a Review by Fulgencio
I thought I knew sushi, but I didn't know jack until I stepped foot into NAOE last night. Being my all-time favorite type of food (besides Ethiopian), I thought I understood what Japanese food was all about, but NAOE was truly eye-opening. The simple, quiet restaurant, seating only 17, is tucked away into a strip mall. The back entrance is actually the one to use, but we entered through the front, not realizing. The front door, facing the main street, is actually blacked out. Never in a million years would you know it was there. Thank God my bBFspoke to Wendy when he made the reservations for our anniversary, and she helped with navigation. The bento box was extraordinary. The beauty was in the details - shaved pieces of seaweed, marinated Japanese melon, sardine rice. Everything had a distinctive and unique flavor - quite unlike anything I'd ever had before. Delightful. Now that I've had the real deal when it comes to wasabi, I don't know how I'm going to return to the regular stuff. Afterwards, we went through 4 rounds of nigiri sushi - fantastic. Having tried uni before, and not liking it AT ALL, we decided to give it one more shot here. Fabulous. Not mushy and mealy like we'd had at other places, but simply lovely. Kevin and Wendy are incredible. They take everything with grace and a smile. Keep in mind, this is a dining experience, not a place to grab a quick meal, or make special requests. Everything is chef's choice, and you won't be disappointed. Prepare to be amazed and delighted. Set aside an entire evening, and save your pennies - you won't want to say no to anything here. Thanks Maria, for the tip about this place. Best meal ever!!!
I was scared to go, I was a weenie for exotic fish. I feared I would insult Kevin. What if I had to spit something out because I didn't like the taste? How could I do that in such an intimate Japanese setting? I had the most amazing meal in my life, NAOE. I straight up refuse to each sushi/nigiri at any other locale. My grandmother was obsessed with Japanese culture, I grew up in a Japanese inspired Connecticut home. I was channeling my late Nana as I ate at NAOE. She would have been so impressed. Kevin is a magician. Never have I seen a person communicate through knives. Watching him cut and prep was magic. Sharing sake with him was a pleasure. But above all, this dinner was an experience. From the glassware, the placement of the glasses an the bento box, to the flavors exploding on your tongue and the family brewed sake, to the taxi ride home...I cannot wait to return. I've uploaded a couple of pictures to add to the current collection. If you are a little weary, like I was, put faith into Kevin, he's not going to make you food that doesn't taste good. Where else can you have monk fish liver? It's possibly better than foie. Need I say more?!
You don't need me or any of the other reviews here on yelp to tell you that you need to eat here. you do. i'm not going to waste my breath trying to detail the countless qualities that make this restaurant one of a kind. but i will say this: this was, by far, my single greatest dining experience in miami. ever. one fair warning about naoe though. it's a chef's menu. that means you don't get to pick what you eat, the chef does. on their website they request that, should you have any "concerns" about the food, you should make your reservation a week in advance. now, there are only three seatings, and the restaurant only has fifteen seats. so, if you or a family member or a loved one, is vegetarian, a finicky eater, has allergies or doesn't like this or doesn't like that, please please please, find somewhere else to go for dinner. the food prepared at naoe is one of a kind, masterful expression of the spectrum of japanese food. to go to naoe with a litany of items you can't or won't eat is to handicap your (and by extension, everyone else's) dining experience. so you, yes, you, capt fatstacks with the finicky girlfriend, stay away from naoe. if you make me (and by extension, everyone else) miss out on the monkfish foie gras, or the homemade egg tofu with dungeness crab or the raw clam nigiri or the, . .  or the, . . be grateful that the naoe does not serve up forks or knives, because you'd be in serious danger.
I'm not sure I can add anything to all the glowing reviews people have already written about this wonderful restaurant (on yelp or otherwise), but I will try.  I was lucky enough to celebrate my birthday here this past Saturday night.  What I came away from my time at Naoe, is that Naoe delivers a world-class dining experience, not just incredible sushi. That impeccable dining experience starts the moment you make your reservation.  Wendy, the manager, does everything to make sure everything is perfect leading up to and during your meal.  Chef Cory, who is a great guy, delivers a masterfully crafted sushi meal.  The bento box we had was creative and for the five of us in our party who were very well seasoned sushi eaters, we all had about 10 or 12 things we've never had before.  There was a delicious house made egg tofu with an exquisite uni sauce.  There was an incredibly fresh local cobia sashimi, which was other-worldly.  There was a scallop roe soup which was refreshingly light and clean, and basically tasted like warm sea water (I mean that in the best possible way). The nigiri course was incredible as well and the star of the evening of course. While I could've literally eaten nigiri until Naoe ran out of fish, my wallet, wouldn't allow for that.  There was an amazing array of fish, most of which I hadn't eaten before.  The level of craftsmanship was so evident from the first bite.  The fish was sliced beautifully and the rice was perfect.  It was not gummy or too cold, the perfect vehicle for the sushi, which just melted in your mouth.  The experience was made even better by the beautiful sake we had (um, all four bottles), which I am sure you have read from other reviews, is brewed by Chef Cory's family back in Nippon.   The restaurant is modern and spartan in the decor, which I really like.  Wendy and Chef Cory made for excellent hosts, and Chef Cory was nice enough to impart some sushi making tips on me.  Wendy was nice enough to gift me a complimentary bottle of sake for my birthday, which I will crack open the next time I make sushi at home.  The whole experience was top notch, and I think the only better dining experience I've ever had was De Kas in Amsterdam.  Naoe is great for Miami, and I will definitely be back.
It was an impossible feat. Expectations were tremendously high for NAOE. My wife and I had just arrived for the start of our honeymoon in Miami, where we spent four days before our Caribbean Cruise. We've been to Urasawa in Beverly Hills, considered by many as the best sushi restaurant in a sushi snob's paradise, and walked away thinking nobody could match the kaiseke experience of Hiro Urasawa. On top of that, it was New Year's Eve and dinner was a pre fixe $200 per person. As I said, expectations were high. When we arrived at NAOE, we were greeted by a humble white sign, a good start. Nothing turns off a sushi enthusiast more than style over substance. When we walked in, we were warmly greeted by Wendy. She showed us to our seats at a beautifully designed sushi bar, soft to the touch and well treated. We noticed we were the only patrons tonight. Wendy informed us they had some last minute cancellations and we would be their only guests tonight. What better way to start a honeymoon than a personal dinner for two on our honeymoon. We then introduced ourselves to Itamae Kevin Cory. Introductions were brief, as Chef Cory was already hard at work preparing for tonight's dinner. At this time, Wendy came out with our first Sake bottle of the night and was it a sensational start. We were introduced to our first sips of Junmai Daiginjyo, a sake made with 50% polished rice. This sake was beyond anything I've ever tasted, smooth like water with a touch of sweetness. Mrs. G said it was by far the best sake she'd ever had. Chef Cory went on to explain the history of Nichiei, the Sake brewery where this bottle came from, which ran in his family. Then began the gastronomic journey. We were presented with a bento box full of unique and palette pushing items. These included (as expressed on our menu): - Organic Egg Tofu with Sea Urchin Roe Sauce - Kumamoto Oyster with Soy Citrus and Fresh Grated Wasabi - Fried Organic Eggplant w/ Shirako Konbu Sauce on organic Spinach - Fried Kisu, Marinated Daikon Leaves, Fried Ginko Biloba Nots & Chestnut roasted with Karasumi - Sake simmered Cod Milt - Seared Mirame with Monkfish Liver Soy Citrus Shiso Leaf Sauce - Parsnip Rice with Koji pickled Daikon Radish with Organic Butternut Squash & Acorn Squash Miso Soup When the bento box arrived and was revealed, I was mesmerized by the combination of flavored and ingredients. Approaching the food with skepticism, I thought there was no way all of these items could go well together. However, I was gladly proven wrong. After sampling each item one by one, their flavored built on top of each other, with items like the Cod Milt being well matched with the chestnuts. The Mrs. and I both loved the Hirame (flounder). It was silky soft and delectable. A well thought out, remarkable start to our meal. We then moved on to Nigiri. Chef Cory explained he gets his fish flown in from Tsukiji Market in Tokyo each day. At one point during the meal at 8 PM, a delivery man from the Tsukiji distributor came by and dropped off something I could only explain as a slate of more smelt eggs (photo included). Chef Cory explained that we would be eating our nigiri with our hands and Wendy brought out soaked hand towels to clean our fingers before we began. We started off with Salt Cured Sake (Salmon) from Scotland. While Salmon is easily found state side, the Mrs. said it was easily the best piece of salmon she's ever had. It was creamy in texture and melted in your mouth. Then came the "Shiraebi" White Shrimp from Toyama, Japan. Most ebi's come either cooked or as Amaebi in one piece but the Shiraebi was dozens of little shrimp packed together to form the nigiri. This was a highlight for me as I found the Shiraebi to be soft and sweet. Next was "Lidako" - Golden Ring Octopus from Okayama, Japan. Now for those of you who love Octopus, you'll surely like this dish, as it was perfectly cooked, not too tough. I never liked Octopus but even then, I found the preparation very well done. Fourth was "Mirugai" - Geoduck from Seattle. This dish was placed well in the string of Nigiri but I wasn't fond of the crunchiness of Geoduck. The only miss of the night. Next was "Kani" - Dungeness Crab from Seattle. The presentation of this dish almost surpassed how delicious the crab tasted. Out came two dungeness Crab Carapaces, filled with a vinegar based and a shoyu based sauce. The crab itself was perfectly steamed, while the vinegar sauce was expectedly slightly tart. The highlight was the shoyu sauce, sweet and savory, balanced well together. Finally, we arrived at my favorite nigiri "Aji" - Horse Mackeral from Saga, Japan. Aji holds a special place in my heart and always look to order it at sushi restaurants. Chef Cory did not disappoint with his preparation, as I found the Aji extremely fresh. One of my favorite pieces of Nigiri of the night. Now, I've arrived at my 5000 character limit on Yelp (argh). I'll be back to update this shortly.
So this is what it's like to eat like a king... arrived in Miami Thursday night. Dinners: Thursday: Naoe Friday: Joe's Stonecrab Saturday: Naoe I never thought I'd be starting dinner... yes, STARTING dinner at 12am, but that's what we did Thursday and Saturday night. This 17-seat joint has 3 seating, with 12am being the last one. Make sure you have nothing planned the evening you come here, or the morning after as both meals lasted until after 3am. Naoe was the place where I popped my Kaiseki cherry, and what an experience it was... both times. I can't really do justice by trying to explain the dishes we were served, but man, was it good. Every dish was unique and meticulously prepared. Things to know: - Since you'll be spending a good part of your evening for this meal, either: (1) Make sure you go with people you can have a very, long conversation with, and/or (2) Sit at the bar. - Be prepared to spend the $. The bento box is "reasonably priced" at ~$30, but with drinks and sushi, the $$$$ average for this place is no joke. Is it worth it? Of course.
Went here for dinner on my birthday after reading about it on Yelp and in the Miami New Times (excellent article, search for on the website). Coming from the North on A1A we had a pretty tough time finding the place. Our normally helpful Garmin GPS led us onto the on-ramp to Sunny Isles Boulevard, but make sure you take the rather hidden local business loop exit instead. Once we located the to say the least discreet shop sign we entered the small and minimalistic restaurant. Sure brings back memories of the places I used to go in Tokyo when I traveled for work. Chef Cory prepared the bento box behind the counter, a show worth watching with his excellent knife skills and well choreographed moments. It's a bit like watching the Japanese version of Iron Chef but actually getting to to eat the food. Charming hostess Wendy kept us busy with beer, sake and fun conversation while we waited. This is not a fast food place so allow some time for your visit, but boy is it worth it. Fresh top quality ingredients and preparation does make for top quality food. Exquisite, fun and unusual dishes make it a real experience. We will be back and my only worry for this place is that it will get "discovered" and turn too popular and pricey. Kudos to them for bringing this onto the otherwise somewhat drab Southern Florida scene.
Holy $hit!!! It is GREAT my FAVORITE... but a little slow. Freshest, most sophisticated Japanese food in Florida and probably the U.S.  Every night is a different very special menu and they have the absolute best Saki.   The closest thing to eating in a great Tokyo restaurant or a Ryokan. There are many great restaurants in Miami, NAOE is the best.   Get ready for a real treat! TIP: Make reservations weeks in advance... Wendy is a great hostess - if you tell her what you like to eat on the phone, they will customize your dinner.
Great fresh food.  However it took too long for it to come out.  I was starving- Next time I will go in not so hungry.  Overall a great experience. Will come back
Naoe is truly a unique culinary experience for those that are die hard foodies or at least can appreciate an adventure. The restaurant is very intimate with only two tables  and bar seating when I was there. So needless to say reservations are a must. There are also only two dinner services a day with a set menu. All of these details reflect the meticulous preparation and incredible attention to detail and quality of the meal that you are going to experience. Chef Cory is truly amazing. I love to cook and cook well at home, so a true dining treat for me if when you look at the plate and wonder, "How did the chef do that?" For me this was with nearly every course. Just surrender your expectation and open yourself up to unusual foods like fish liver, soy sauce ice cream, and fermented fish roe and all the fantastic creations that Chef Cory prepares. The cuisine is very unique Japanese inspired courses that integrates local and exotic fruits, vegetables and lots of fish. This is not just another sushi restaurant, and again I emphasize that your must be open to trying new tastes and food to enjoy this. For me, this is absolutely a highlight of the Miami culinary scene and is worth the structure and price.
Note: On Yelp I review exclusively sushi bars. This is hands down, the best sushi I have ever had. You will think this place is amazing if... You are a hardcore sushi fan or big time foodie. Omakase and nikiri are words that excite you. You enjoy trying exotic or new dishes. Relaxing, having a quiet conversation, and spending two hours to eat a meal piece by piece is enjoyable. You will NOT enjoy this place if... Sushi means rolls to you. You're a big fan of tempura. New or exotic flavors are not your thing. Price is a concern. Not being able to choose your food is a problem. Here is an eight seat sushi bar where even the bar itself is a piece of beauty. I would have no idea how much that cut of wood would cost. The meal is strictly omakase (meaning the chef chooses it for you). The chef is an exacting artist and his creations are amazing. His wife and the rest of the service staff provide the highest level of attention and service. It was worth every penny (and the bill included lots of them). The quality of fish is the best I have ever had. The presented cuts were a beautiful mix of both standard favorites and some exotics. The wasabi was freshly grated immediately before serving to each party, it was the best I've ever had. His nikiri sauce was also the finest quality. The uni was the most highly textured and fantastic piece I ever had.
It's been a difficult task to write this review fairly and equitably, but I have to true to myself. No doubt, this is a sushi experience in the Miami area, but it falls short: -I didn't taste the fresh melt in your mouth quality of the fish -The butternut squash miso was too thick & salty for me -The handmade unagi was overcooked, the tenderness was gone -The organic sake was not our cup of tea, very harsh, our fault for going the economical route. -The sashimi in the bento was nothing special and not particularly good. There are highlights also, but since 4 stars equates to 'fan' status, I cannot grant NAOE more than 3: -The tempura items in the bento were excellent, especially the eggplant & the fish, which was delicately salted. -Fresh green beans in the bento, so good. -One of the best chawanmushi w/lots of ingredients to uncover. -Wonderful Japanese desserts, I think I enjoyed this part of the meal the most. -Wendy is truly a joy: knowledgeable & engaging. For the experience and the area, NAOE, which is Chef Kevin's mom's maiden name, I think it's a neighborhood gem, but not a destination restaurant for an out of towner.
NAOE is a hidden gem, culinary destination in the making.  The food is omakase-style, starting with a "mini kaiseki in a bento box" meal that is appealing for the quality and freshness of its ingredients, and the careful attention that has been put into its preparation.  It is also reasonably priced at $26/person.  Afterwards is a chef's choice preparation of nigiri, served 2 pieces at a time.  Chef Cory combines fresh (actually, his slogan is that "It's not fresh ... it's alive.") fish purchased daily from the local fishing boats, to delicacies flown in from Japan, to clams and lobsters from the Northeast.  I've visited NAOE twice over the past month, and the second time was treated to sublime uni from Hakkaido (always a favorite item), delicious Shiraebi, Aori Ika, and Aoyagi (from Boston) - I made it through 9 rounds of nigiri, including asking for a repeat of the aforementioned uni.   The restaurant decor is very Zen and minimalist, with low lighting, several spacious tables, and an attractive 5-seat counter seating area, which are the best seats in the house.  Actually, sitting at the bar and looking onto the kitchen area, it reminds me a lot of the physical counter at Momofuku Ko (except for the calm, quiet, and tempered actions of the chef as he works to classical music versus the more frenzied activity and blaring rock music at Ko). Chef Cory is very meticulous, skillful and extremely low-key and friendly; we conversed about sushi and kaiseki restaurants in NYC, which we both have extensive experience dining at.   He is a one man cooking operation at NAOE.   He is ably assisted at the front of the house by an extremely friendly and hospitable hostess, Wendy.  She does practically everything else with a friendly smile, and is also a great conversationalist, even showing charts with the interior design plans for the restaurant (if she only knew how much I am into design!), not to mention even providing a lift back to the hotel (since a taxi couldn't be located)! The location is very hard to find, in something of a strip mall, without proper signage out front (the main door is actually in the rear, where the parking lot is - if you take a taxi here, tell the driver it is next to Neptune, and Enterprise Car Rental), which is not that uncommon for fine Japanese restaurants.   Outsiders have no clue as to what great things await inside. Perhaps most of their diners currently are foodies, both locally, but especially visitors from afar.  I think once South Floridians get a better understanding and appreciation of NAOE's cuisine, they will be beating down a path to Kevin Cory's door!  I hope to return during future visits to Miami.
The best sushi you can get in Miami. Period.   I'm not going to write about each dish, since other reviewers can give you a good idea.  Besides, their menu changes all the time.   But the fish is very fresh and reminds me of the sushi I had in Tokyo and Tsukiji.  Each dish is executed extremely well with well balanced flavors and textures.  Highlights were the Lobster nigiri, toro, and uni.   You end the course with a fruit dish and a cake and secret ice cream :).  They have an excellent selection of sake and I really loved their teas, too. Reservations are a must and plan to get there early if you want to bask in the glory of Chef Cory and his skills as seats fill quickly! My only complaint?  MOAR VEGGIES PLZ!!!!!!  I wish there was one dish that showcased authentic seasonal Japanese vegetables.  TBH, I'd take even a salad! Service was attentive, quick, and they love to talk and really love and are proud of what they serve you.  Wendy and crew make you feel like friends already! 4.999 stars (-.0001 for MOAR VEGGIES!!)
STOP READING REVIEWS, AND MAKE THAT RESERVATION NOW~! I've been a member of Yelp for two years, and I have never felt inclined to post a review.  I've been to my fair share of fine dining, and being from Los Angeles I felt that I've "been there done that."  Well, I'm happy to say that I was completely wrong.  From the moment we arrived, to the excruciating moment when we left, I, along with my party... just didn't want to leave. I am saddened to know that I wont be able to visit Naoe until another trip to Miami, but I'm grateful for learning through the genuine kindness of Wendy and Chef Kevin, what a truly rewarding dining experience means.  From the quality of the service, food, and the intimate setting, Naoe surely sets the bar.   So stop reading reviews....and just make the reservation~! We're talking sushi that was flown in overnight from japan, and some that were swimming in the ocean that same afternoon. You'll feel like you've made new friends in Wendy and Chef Kevin, we know we did.  We spoke of our dinner at Noae every day of our vacation in Miami, and you will too.  Visit Chef Kevins biography on their website, and youll appreciate your experience even more.
This is a phenomenal, very unique, Japanese restaurant.  The decor is absolute minimalist.  I would say that the experience is best enjoyed by those who have quite a lot of sushi eating experience.  The quality of the preparation and ingredients, imo, may be lost on newer sushi eaters.  Reservations are strongly recommended (maybe even required) and I believe there are no more than 17 diners at one time. This was my first experience in going to a restaurant where there is no menu and you do not choose your food.  Everything is chef's choice.  While this may cause some initial trepidation... relax - you are in excellent hands!   There are three nightly seatings.  You can choose to sit at a table or at the sushi bar.  I went there with my wife and we chose the bar.  Part of our enjoyment was watching Chef Cory's knife and overall preparation skills.   The meal starts with a bento box preparation that is thoughtfully prepared, elegantly (and simply) presented, and wonderfully refined.   The optional nigiri sushi afterward is NOT to be missed.  Chef's first choice for us was a luxurious salmon-belly.  With a rich, creamy texture, this exquisite opener had us longing for more.  Then came the true highlight of the evening.  A piece of sushi I had never tried.  Mackerel, shipped overnight from Japan.  A touch of fresh, real wasabi inside, some finely grated ginger on top, brushed with the perfect kiss of soy sauce - simply the best pieces of sushi my wife or I have ever eaten.  The amazing depth and beauty of that flavor is is the new standard which I now seek out in my rejuvenated sushi endeavors. Chef Kory, I thank you for a wonderful experience.
First, I want to thank all 9 reviewers on this page. It was sublime. Wendy strikes the perfect tone to this restaurant. Kevin is better than he thinks., (just don't tell him that) and Ismael helps it all run. It was great harmony while we were there. They were working together and alone and making it all so authentic. After that, it all just falls into place. I haven't said a word about the food because it speaks for itself.  There is vision and execution and it's great. Now, who do I talk to about the 2 cabs I had to take to get there? One, having no AC, in the rain, lost, fogging window and he couldn't see so we thought we were going to die, FLAT TIRE, dropped off in the middle of a gas station?! WHAT? True. Finally another taxi comes and ends up taking us over some bridge and pulling in to talk to some guy in a security booth, only to have to go back again, WHAT? True. Nevertheless, it all added to the adventure. NAOE- can't wait to come back soon.
There were a lot of logistics involved in getting to this restaurant so I'm going to give you the Yelper's Guide to Dining at NAOE: 1. Must reserve on Open Table, only two seatings a night, 6:30 and 9:30 2. Homemade Sake from the Chef's family recipe (excellent) plus beer - no wine or other alcohol. 3. The main serving is the Chef's Selection Bento Box for $26 with a lot of interesting creations. 4. Following the Bento Box, you can select from various rounds of Sashimi ranging from $2-$8 per piece featuring Salmon Belly, Eel, Shrimp Omelet, Lobster, Uni, etc. I have to say I didn't like everything I ate  but I'm glad I experienced it. This is a place for adventurous people. Be prepared to spend about $100 per person if you drink.
I really want to like NAOE. This was one of those exclusive restraurants with limited number of seating. You sit down and have whatever the chef makes you, and you will like it, or so goes the assumption. And for the most part, it wasn't bad. The service was excellent, but I left underwhelmed and very very hungry. The staff is incredably nice, and it was definitely memorable since I had the best Scottish salmon sushimi ever, but alas, my desire to like NAOE does not make me actually like NAOE. Sorry, no cookies, baby.
NAOE is an experience, not just a dinner.  However, that said, you might want to be at least a little familiar and comfortable with sushi before diving in at NAOE. We had read reviews before deciding to go and my wife and I do enjoy sushi, however she is a little less adventurous than me and it did take a little convincing to get her to go.   NAOE works a little differently than most places. The menu is set by the chef and there is no choosing by the patrons.  Gutsy.  You start off with a Bento box of the chef's creation; this is just the appetizer really.  It will consist of 4 sections with seasonal Japanese cuisine items.  After that is when you get to the sushi.  On our night it was all nigiri sushi.  What you have is a small wooden skip plate and you either push it forward to let the chef know you would like the particular sushi he is creating at the moment, or you pull it toward you to skip that one.  And as the night progresses the chef creates several different sushi based on the catch he has and you select what you might like.   Bottom line for us, we had a really exceptional evening. Dinner became an experience that we enjoyed for over 3 hours. I will definitely go for NAOE again.
NAOE is hands down, the best restaurant in Miami.   Everything from their location on Brickell Key, intimate setting (only 8 people in each seating), and the outstanding quality of their food made this the most memorable meal of my life. Reservations at NAOE should be made well in advance, they do not take walk-ins.  We planned our dinner at NAOE weeks beforehand, and even walked to Brickell Key a few days before our reservation to check out the location.   When you enter NAOE you are greeted by the lovely Wendy, who brings you to your seats.  The menus are specialized to include the name of each party.  We chose to sit at the bar so we could have front row seats to watch Chef Corey in action.  This was an excellent decision.  Chef Corey works at a rapid speed with unbelievable precision.  We could not take our eyes off of his hands.  It was an honor to watch Corey create his delicious masterpiece. Each meal begins with a Bento Box filled with 8 pieces of the freshest sushi I have ever tasted.  Most of the sushi was flown in from Japan that day.  Chef Corey, Wendy, and the rest of the staff discussed every piece in great detail.   We enjoyed a excellent bottle of Saki from Corey's family sake brewery, Nakamura Brewery.   After the Bento Box, we tried several pieces of sushi priced per piece.   After dinner, we enjoyed two bottles of the 'Snow of Kaga' with desert.  The 'Snow of Kaga' has a unique refreshing taste and is served in beautiful handmade pottery from Japan.   The whole dining experience lasted over 3 hours.  Before we left, we bought Chef Corey a beer and were able to talk with him at great lengths; he even took pictures with us.     This unforgettable meal is extremely expensive, but well worth it.  Each meal is unique, specially prepared for that day.  I am eager to return to try another one of Chef Corey's exceptional dinning masterpieces.   They are in the process of opening a lounge area next-door, which I plan to check out. NAOE is perfect for intimate special occasions and a must try for all foodies.  Keep in mind, this is not your average dining experience, patrons pay for dinner in advance, must be on time ( there are two seating's every night 6:00 pm and 9:30pm T-S),  and no refunds for cancellations.  NAOE is not just dinner, it is an experience.
This place is an experience like no other. You're hosted by Wendy - the sweetest person w/ a wonderful smile. Then there's the chef, Kevin behind the bar. That's it. They have 2 seatings a day, one at 6:30 and one at 9:30 (which you must reserve via OpenTable). The experience is truly 2-3 hours long and if it wasn't for the other 3 people next to us, it would feel like you have a private chef in front of you cooking the freshest authentic cuisine from Japan. If you are a sake lover, then you're in for a true treat. All the sake is served cold and is from chef Kevin's family "wineries" in Japan. We tried the reisling-like sake which was delicious, light, crisp and on the sweeter side and we ended with a slushy-like sake scooped out of the bottle, served in wooden bowls and eaten with small wooden spoons. The sakes ranging from around $20 to $125 (the most distinguished). First meal is a unique bento box which changes all the time at a cost of $26. Ours was: Daikon and Brown rice w/ sardines; seaweed salad w/ Baby carrots and sliced cobia; conch water snail w/ hog snapper tempura (spearfished that day by Kevin's friend--or at least that's what he told us) with soy bean paste on mountain yams; custard like soup of grouper and mushroom. Next up was an all fresh nigiri sushi progression, most of it from Japan that gets shipped overnight everyday. The pieces ranges from $2-$8 each. It's important to note that even the ordering "process" throughout the sushi progression is unique. If you would like to participate in the upcoming round, you are asked to place a wooden paddle in front of the chef or farther back (closest to you) if you do not.  Here's an example of ours:   Scottish Salmon Belly (melted in my mouth) Poached Maine Lobster Madai Sea Bring - a white fish. Hiramasa - real yellow tail from Japan Squid Uni Shrimp Omelet Eel w/ Japanese Melon - pickled for 2 years and brushed with a bb q sauce at least 5 times before we ate it Last but not least is dessert which is sponge cake w/ mystery ice cream. We were sworn to secrecy so I don't want to ruin the surprise! However, I can say that it tasted like salted caramel.
What to say that hasn't been said. I've been twice. I would eat here once a week if I could. Chef Kevin is amazing. The Bento box has 4 compartments, and you will be putting things in your mouth that you have never put in your mouth before. So if you are not a foodie this place is not for you. All of the components were interesting and unique. You will likely encounter something that you don't love, such is the nature of the Bento Box, but you won't be disappointed. Then comes the sushi. Both times he started with the Salmon belly from Scotland. Now, I love sushi, but to be honest when I order sushi the salmon is not anywhere near the top of my list. This salmon almost made me fall out of my chair. I think about it frequently. The following items were equally amazing. He makes his own Unagi, which is one of my favorites, we had sweet shrimp, octopus, dungeness crab, some shellfish from San Francisco bay whose name I can't remember, and it all ended with Aji from Japan. On top was freshly ground Wasabi. The Sake is excellent, the teas are excellent.  The hosts, Wendy and Chef Kevin himself, are so friendly. I love sitting at the bar and watching him perform his magic. Decor is minimalist but classy, soft classical music playing. Not too bright, not too dark. I love it. I live right by the place, it's in a non-desrcript strip mall in Sunny Isles. To be honest, with only 17-seats, I think the low-key location is the only reason this place does not have a 3-month waiting list.
The decor is minimal and lighting is right. It's hard to believe it's located where it is. The mood was right, the Saki was delicious, and the Nigiri kind of ruined my life it was so good. I liked the Bento box because I'll eat anything that is well-prepared, but the boyfriend wasn't so excited about the chef's choices that night- specifically the turnip, the eggplant, and the tofu. I liked it all because I'll eat turnip anytime, especially if there is a delicious, delicate paste on top of it. The highlights were the little foods - the ginkgo beans, the fresh mint, the shrimp.   The fish, like all the other reviews say, really is impeccably fresh. Quite impressed by the fact it's flown in overnight from Japan. This place really is special. Expensive, sure, but special and definitely a spot to try if you find yourself in this state and like interesting and clean food. Clean clean, like, you did your body a favor by eating there.
Definitely come here with an adventurous palate because Chef Kevin Cory will take you for an exciting ride! We brought a bottle of Bollinger and it went terrific with his courses! We dine out a LOT and this is definitely the best spot in Miami to enjoy a luxurious meal! Thank you Chef and Wendy for a brilliant dining experience! Cheers!
I'm not going to belabor the point. Excellent assortment of interesting foods in the bento box--loved the lightly fried ginko berries, amazing fresh egg-tofu with uni roe sauce on it. beautiful daikon rounds, fluke with shiso, caviar on the seaweed. oysters, portabella rice with anchovies, tempura fish. many types of delicious sauces and fresh grated wasabi root and a hearty winter soup with butternut squash and celeriac, which was great considering the cold weather when we went. The nigiri was awesome too. I had a good time sitting at the bar. I recommend, sitting at the bar! It is really a treat to see Chef Cory doing a subtle dance while he precisely slices dices, fries, steams, poaches, wraps and garnishes everything in his tiny kitchen, with two tiny refrigerators, two pots of water, a tempura cauldron, a steamer and two small and immaculate cutting areas. He is a pretty cool, young dude, with an interesting life story and an obvious creative streak for flavor combinations. We loved the organic sake from his family brewery. and I thought the large wait between each course really let us have a whole night of eating and a culinary experience, rather than just a good meal. Obviously I can't eat here every day, but I will definitely be back as soon as the dining-out fund recharges.
After living in Japan, I've certainly become a sushi snob. I admit to having extremely high expectations when it comes to Japanese food. So when my awesome cousin and his girlfriend told me they were taking me to Naoe, I couldn't wait. I had read a few of the reviews prior and I was so excited that I'd be eating at this traditional Japanese restaurant. This place was truly AMAZING. Not only is it the best Japanese food I've eaten in the states, it easily makes top three of all Japanese restaurants I've been to in my lifetime. Wendy was so pleasant, explaining the different items we'd be trying for the evening and chef Kevin was a pleasure to watch, as he carefully prepared our meal. While I can't recall all the things we ate, the unagi and the salmon were my favorites of the evening. Some of the reviewers noted that the food took a while to come, which was true, but this isn't your average restaurant where you're done in an hour. It seemed to me, that part of the Naoe concept is to slowly enjoy what you're eating over great conversation and good people. If you're in a rush, it may not be the best night for you to come, but I highly recommend taking one evening to enjoy this fabulous experience!
Good to know that NAOE has moved to Miami downtown which is even more convenient for me.  "Incredible" is the word to describe NAOE. Thank you Kevin for all the wonderful dining experience you have brought to each customer. Each piece of sushi is like an art to me.
Quality over Quanity.  Painstaking attention to detail.  Sit by the bar if you wanna see a masterful sushi chef do his thing with a precision and idiosynchracy that'll remind you of watching Nomar Garciaparra in the batter's box. This isn't sushi; this is sushi theatre.  The whole thing is an experience.  The lighting, the wooden bar, the professionalism of the staff, the attention to detail, the designated seating times for tables. It's kinda like being at a modern art show.  You're thinking in the back of your head, "This would be weird, if it wasn't so cool."  But it IS cool.  It's not for everyone, I imagine.  This is not a top 40 hit that everyone can tap their toes to.  This is a rare b-side song off an import album of your favorite band that you'll love and someone else might hate. Freshest fish that just melts in your mouth.  There's an odd contrast between the simplicity of the bento box, and the decadence & quality of its contents. Sure, it took 3 hours to serve us all the courses, but we NEEDED that time.  Sure, it cost more than Nobu in NYC, but it tasted way better.  Sure, putting corn in the miso soup made it just smell n' taste like corn chowder (not miso soup), but the risk taking is appreciated.  A MUST for any sushi connoisseur. 100% guarantee that even if you don't like this place, you will respect it.
It was about a year ago when I came here with a couple friends during spring break. We were looking for some classy food before heading to the club when my friend spotted this small venue. In no way did we expect it to leave such a huge impression. I distinctly remember the taste of every bite to this day. Not kidding. Wendy, the cutest waitress ever, greeted and sat us at the bar with a completely puzzled look on her face. Turns out this place was exclusively reservations-only. They opened not even a month ago and didn't expect any walk-ins. A large party of elderly Russians was sitting at the only table, so little did we know, we had to wait for them to order, eat, order more, finish, then leave. What was supposed to be an hour long dinner, turned into a 5 hour event. The only menu offered is the drink menu. Each patron get an individual bento box then nigiri sushi upon request. - Only two people run NAOE:  Wendy- waitress  Chef Kevin Cory- owner, executive chef, general manager & dishwasher (as written on his card) - Chef Cory used to work with Wendy at a different restaurant and called her up one day to work for him. - Chef Cory is SO OCD about his towel. I think he wiped the board EVERY TIME he did something. He washed it, folded it, used it, washed it again...and again... - Wendy actually asked to see our ID's (bit unexpected considering the caliber of the restaurant) - The organic sake and soy sauce are from Cory's family brewery. After 2-3 hours of impatiently waiting, we were presented with a large complimentary bottle of their best sake. Wendy then showed us pictures of this morning's catch on her iphone as Cory prepared it for our bentos:   - egg custard with the soft freshwater eel bits   - freshest giant clam sashimi in a shiso vinaigrette   - conch in its shell dressed in soy sauce   - sakura shape molded rice with daikon radish and tiny shrimp   - chilled corn-miso soup Every single bite was thoroughly mind-blowing. Cory then served the parade of nigiri sushi, dabbing wasabi (freshly grated on sharkskin mat) on the warm, tangy rice, and brushing on the soy sauce:   - salmon belly (melt in your mouth soft)   - saltwater and freshwater eel (the textures and flavors were so different but both were delicious)   - uni from Santa Barbara (you can tell the quality of a restaurant by their uni, as if it weren't apparent already, the creamy uni have me the chills. SO soft and totally not fishy. Santa Barbara supposedly has the best uni in the world. this was easily my favorite of the night.)   - shiraiebi (collection of small bits of amaebi blended so well with the rice)   - horse mackerel (complemented by a vinegary soy sauce ) We asked for Chef's choice for the next few- all wonderful & creative 5 people (3 cultured/ adventurous/ experienced, all hungry) 3 bottles of sake (1 on the house, 2 equally enjoyed) 6 beers (Sapporo draft) 5 bento segments (4 compartments and a soup) 8-9 nigiris (lost count after 6) 800 dollars  (WELL spent)
I wish I could give 6 stars. This has to be one the best dining experiences we have ever had. Words I would use to describe this place: Adventurous, incredible, unique, and phenomenal. The quality of the fish was amazing. They have all the fish freshly flown in from Japan, Boston, and others, some local. Where ever its the best he says. Everything we ate, had a story, a reason behind it, a crazy description, and an amazing flavor/texture. The service was awesome. We sat right in front of Chef Cory, where he served us most of our food and we got to speak with him and ask him tons of questions. He is self taught, although his dad is also a chef for over 50 years. His preparation for everything you eat is meticulous, well thought out, and made to perfection. The bento box which houses a corn based miso soup, nigiri, octopus, and parsnip rice. Then there are 8 rounds of nigiri, or more if you prefer. We loved all of them. We ordered an extra round to try the urchin. The salmon belly, boston clam, scallop, amongst other fishes were incredible. If you are looking for an out of the box experience, fresh flavors, and unique service and settings, this is your place. Book a reservation in advance, and when I say in advance, it took us 6 weeks to give you an idea. The restaurant only seats 8 people at a time, seatings are either at 6 or 9 pm. Trust me you won't regret it, you'll only be thinking about when you should go back for round 2.
Grossly over priced and typical of the Miami hype. Used to be fantastic but now it's snob value only. To  be charged $160 plus per head, and then have to pay for the parking is pure miami rip-off. Let's see what they do when they re-open as perhaps they will come down to the real world where the customer is what counts
I don't even eat raw sushi but I LOVED this raw sushi. I tend to stick to cooked sushi, such as eel or california rolls. There was no need to be "safe" here, though. The master chef and his hostess are both incredibly sweet and attentive. We sat at the bar, which kept the evening lively. The setting is truly romantic and intimate, and honestly, It was so much fun. As far as the food, it comes in a bento box initially. I can't remember the names of what we ate, but it didn't matter. You pretty much go there and trust in the chef 100% and he will deliver. He knows what flavors and textures to blend together to create a different experience. It's like nothing I've ever eaten before. He handrolled the sushi pieces that come at the end and added freshly ground wasabi in each. He actually gave me instructions on how to eat it, since I am such a novice. I never knew sushi could be so exquisite. I guess I didn't really describe the food as well as I could have, but what's special about this place is the experience in its entirety. From the moment you sit down to the moment you leave, you feel like royalty. Hands down the best Japanese meal I've had. We will return (a lot).
An incredible dining experience. I do not say this lightly as I consider myself a connoisseur of uni...that was the best uni I have ever eaten. Uni aside, the dinner treated us to a number of foods we never ate before. Everything was remarkably fresh and the final dish, which included mystery ice cream makes us want to return again.
Absolutely amazing and authentic experience.  Current price is $85/person for bento box and 8-courses of sushi/sashimi.  Then you can add rounds of sushi for $3-$12/round.  Saki was amazing.  Expect to spend between $50-$150 for a bottle.  We went with $75 bottle that was great. The hospitality of the small staff was incredible.
Best Restaurant in Miami.  Best Japanese Food in Miami.  Most interesting, friendly wait staff in Miami.   Carefully crafted and well prepared fish.  Interesting sake choices.  Intimate setting. The menu/bento changes from night to night, so for me to describe what I ate would be an injustice.  Just expect to pay over $200 for 2 people, to truly enjoy yourself with the sake, the bento and the nigiri.
Be prepared for an experience when going to Naoe, and reservations are a must.  No walk-ins.  Request for a seat at the bar - it's the best place to see the chef work. I have to say that I was very torn about how to rate Naoe.  Ambiance and service were exceptional, so I'm giving it a 5.  Naoe only seats 17 people and they only offer 2 half seatings at 8PM and 9PM, and then another seating at midnight.  This means that you will definitely get personalized attention. It also means there's no pressure for you to order, eat and leave - it's an experience that you don't often get - even in the finest restaurants.   As everyone else has remarked, Naoe is discretely located.  Upon arrival I was a bit hesitant, but enter and they've managed to create an inviting and intimate space - very romantic.  Secondly, the hostess is very friendly, warm, and very talkative.  Right away, you just feel that you'll be taken care of. The food was very good, but I am giving it a 4.  Chef Cory definitely has a style all his own - precise and yet not.  He's talented and passionate about the food, but I was surprised by a few things.  The bento box was complex and showcased several interesting dishes using high quality ingredients, but my pork belly was room temperature and I wished it would've been served hot.  Second, I found the sushi rice to be a bit warmer than I'm used to.  This threw me off a bit.  I can see great potential, for example, the chef's special blend of shoyu is excellent - not over powering, but it's not quite there yet. My husband guessed the special dessert ingredients - we were told 1 in 100 people get it right, so we got a special treat to take home.  A very nice gesture.   Overall, we had a great time at Naoe.  It was definitely a place worth going to in Miami.
What  can I say that has not already been mentioned? Don't use Mapquest to find this place. You will be driving in circles and will be late for your reserved time. Chef Kevin drove all the way to Dearfield Beach to pick up a keg of a special brew. That is only one example of the painstaking care you will receive here.Not a beer drinker but appreciate the attention to detail. There isn't a toaster oven in sight. I challenge you to name another sushi place in the area that does not have the ubitquitous toaster oven behind the bar! Think about it! There isn't a Rainbow roll in sight either. Thank goodness. This is not your father's sushi place. No menu and no rolls. Sit at the sushi bar if you are a firsttimer. Chef Kevin is a master to watch. The sushi bar itself is this big chunk of a speciial type of wood grown in Japan and Oregon. You'll want to keep rubbing your hands over it. When wiped with a wet cloth it emits a wonderful scent. The music is soothing, as is the setting. Oasis from the Techno music found at other "it" places. Think about renting a room if you do not live close by. The night wil be long and the sake will flow. Don't be afraid to ask what each piece of sushi cost. You might be surprised to find out your favorite piece is only $3 while your not so favorite is $8. Wendy will make you feel so very welcome. She and Chef Kevin work in sync. There is a rythem to the evening Enjoy!!
I flew all the way from LA to Miami and trying to book this place months ahead to secure bar seating for a party of four.  It sure did not disappoint me, rather, it exceeded my expectation and made me believe that Chef Kevin Cory and his teams are stellar and deserve recognition from others. Reservations: Only 8 people per seating, two seatings per evening. Must do it via opentable. So if you want have a large party, this may not be the best place or you have to be super quick with your fingers.  They do not take walk ins.  So do not play smart and think you can sneak your way in on the day of. Location: Hidden inside the low key Brickell Key area, parking is in the adjacent building.  No Valets. Meal:  Everyone is served at the same time,  There is only one menu which is chef's omakase. First course consists of Shokado bento with four different columns along with a side of soup.  Each of the column consists of the season's finest ingredients, selected by the chef.  It includes, but not limits to steamed fish, fried fish, cooked/simmered/stew items, seasonal rice dishes, and fresh sashimi of the day. One particular item that really intrigue me was the shinning squid from Hokkaido.  Wendy was actually showing me the picture of the shining squid in the ocean, made me want to go back to Hokkaido so bad. Immediately after the bento box, chef Cory began to show us his masterpiece of providing us some of the best sushi I have had in the States.  It is traditional Edo style sushi, means sometimes chef will arrange/place the soy sauce/dressing on top of the fish when its served for you, while others you can use their home made soy sauce at your will.   I liked how their rice to fish composition.  Not big but adequate.  The vinegar to rice ratio was perfect and right amount of sticky-ness for their sushi rice as well. The meal consists of eight pieces of sushi with the fresh fish from either local to Japan-imported fresh fish. You can then add on additional pieces of nigiri sushi if you like after the meal is served. Some of the highlights includes but not limited to are fresh scallops.  Super sweet and melts in your mouth.  Homemade Ankimo, one of the best creamy texture and buttery taste.  Medai with skin on and slice of Konbu.  I really like Medai with skin-on, the dual layers of taste between skin and the fish meat itself is incredible.  Hokkaido Nemuro Uni is the bomb, I believe all fine-dining Japanese restaurants should at least have uni from Hokkaido region because it is simply the best uni in terms of texture, size, and color (Forget about Santa Barbara uni, once you had real Hokkaido ones, you will know).  The most memorable dish of the night would go into the "Konoko" (Sea Cucumber Ovaries).  I was a bit hesitate to try at first but Chef Cory strongly recommended so both my friend and I gave a shot. Wow, it was amazing.  Unlike Uni that gives you strong impression the moment that touches your taste buds, it was very subtle, but it keeps coming like ocean waves and gives a very long lasting taste that lingers in my mouth for whole night. To wrap up the meal, we had fresh fruits and his secret ice cream to finish up the meal.  The ice cream was incredible. Definitely worth to order a second one.  I will let you figure out why it is so interesting. The interaction between Chef Cory and Wendy was amazing.  I admire his enthusiasm for culinary arts and perfection.  I also like how much passion they both have for finding good places to eat!   It is definitely one of the good meals that I have not had for long time where I feel touched by the overall food quality, taste, and services.  I will definitely return when I am visiting Miami.
F'N AMAZING!!!! Kevin trully knows what he is doing, very traditional, prices are great and you leave feeling satisfied. When I'm back in Miami I will be banging on the door asking for more sushi. I would love to try just sushi and skip the bento box however, I'm not 100% sure if you can do that. Kevin also produces his own sake of which I did not get to try as they the smallest bottle is the size of a wine bottle and it was just myself and leaving the next day otherwise I would had been drinking sake. All the pix you see posted is what you'll get not one bad thing and you were challenged to guess the desert. I will not tell you in case it's the same each time. Wendy, you are AMESOME and thank you for getting me the spot at the bar I truly appreciate and next time you are in NYC give me a call I'd love to eat 4 meals a day at your favs. Kevin, keep up the great work and hope to see you again real soon. Your solo guest on Saturday, 11/27 @ 9 PM.
Anyone who gives this place less than five stars is ridiculous.  The service is amazing and it's not hard to find.  Look it up or ask Wendy when she calls you to confirm.. the entrance is in the back like she says it will be.  It's very intimate and we were lucky to have Chef Kevin and Wendy to ourselves (Sunday night). She is so sweet!  They are literally cooking for you, the diner. There is plenty of quality food and you have the option of stopping when you want to. It's perfect. Bring an adventurous palate and get ready to give your appetite a treat it'll never forget :) UPDATE- Went to the Brickell Key location for our anniversary.. ahhhh it was better than I remembered.  Wendy gave us the best seat in the house.  We closed the place down and they even gave us a parting gift :) Best sushi restaurant in Miami. WE LOVE YOU KEVIN AND WENDY!
I can't believe it's been over a year since my last review. Naoe is that extraordinary restaurant that awakens me out of hibernation and I can no longer detain the bellow from my deep seated belly. First of all, I have to attest the service is excellent and intimate environment in which you can interact directly with the Chef Cory adds a whole new element. Flavors are soft, delicate, fresh. Maybe almost as fresh as a bear perching over a ledge, mouth wide open for up stream salmon. And yes, the salmon belly here is phenomenal. The very thought of salmon belly elicits tears of mixed emotions of serenity and excitement from the corner of my mouth.  "WHAT? Naw, I was not drooling! That was just some residual sake from my lips." And the uni, the best I've ever had in my life! "Are you kidding me? I'm not crying. I just got some freshly grated wasabi in my eye." I like a good mystery...ice cream. The culprit is right under your nose but you just can't expose this blackguard with your gustatory memory. And yes that is a smile you just saw. I was not trying to warm up my teeth from this ice cream. Just happy to share this beautiful experience with you.
