My new favorite restaurant! Truly a hidden gem! My boyfriend and I were looking for a nice place to eat for our Saturday Date Night and we were just tired of the Lincoln Rd Restaurant scene, so I used Yelp and found Bolivar. They had great reviews and they were offering several deals. There was live music, the food was amazing and the service incredible, it felt like we had the whole restaurant to ourselves. My fave dish the Arepas for sure! I can't wait to go back! Thanks to the Manager Cesar for a great experience!
Seeing the great reviews we decided to stop in for lunch and the food was excellent. Had the Lomo saltado which was cooked and flavored perfectly. Sometimes places will use a cheap cut of meat (because it's stir fry) but this steak cut was excellent. And sometimes it can be way to salty, but here the favors were spot on.
This place is great!  Food is great and it's quieter than some of the nice ocean drive places.
What a great restaurant! We had 7 small dishes for $29 and everything was fantastic! They have great selection of South American beers which I've never had before. The atmosphere is great and the servers nice and attentive. They seem to use both Yelp & Groupon discounts which I took advantage of but would be willing to pay a full price just because it's so good. 5 Stars +!
Amazing food, service was ok but good enough. The restaurant had a great Latin vibe and the live music kept the energy alive. Drinks were better than average but the food was amazing. The creme brûlée was very good and the tapas were well cooked and flavorful. Great value as well, if I lived in sb this would be my go to place
BF and I shared the Chilean seafood and Venezuelan beef dish and all I can say is 'wow'! A best if 2014 meal...recommend anyone in Miami beach give it a try.
Love the decor of this SoBe restaurant. It is relatively dark but the pop of color from the bar, wine bottles, spot lights on the arts, made it feel like you want to be sitting there at that moment enjoying delicious food. Our group of 4 ordered the ceviche, churrasco, picanha, and chicken dishes. We also had a "colombian bruschetta" which sat on a tortilla/arepa cheese bread with light tomato sauce. We also had the Hurtado house Pinot Grigio and it was delicious.. My shrimp ceviche was relish and i loved the Mango/Lemon salsa. It sat on a bed of lettuce so it made the dish super fresh and light. Overall, I will be back and on the weekends for live music!
I'm not the most experienced ceviche reviewer but I have started to eat it a lot more since moving back to Miami. First off I was taken here by a former student as it was her treat. Then I took two friends out here on my own (my treat). And I have been satisfied each time. Each time we had two ceviche dishes (parceviche and the 5 naciones) and a number of side dishes. The plantains are wonderful, crisp but still moist on the inside. The dipping sauce choices range from extra spicy to moldy tangy. And they were more than welcoming not only for our yelp 20 for 40 deal but also the three free glasses of wine we had coming for checking. The service is friendly, bilingual, and johnny on the spot with the refills and requests. The platter sizes are a bit small that's why I give it 4 stars.
It is an absolute disgrace that this place does not have 5 stars. I went with a Yelp coupon, but barely needed. The lunch prices are unthinkably cheap given the quality of the food and vicinity to beach. The place had really cheap drink specials and a huge selection of beers from Central an South America. The ceviche is inventive and delicious- you can get classic or go for a passionfruit sauce topped one. Just go without whatever the waiter tells you to do. For my meal I got a salad with blueberries, strawberries feta and a bunch of other stuff that sounds like it shouldn't be on the same plate, but they worked oh so well together. The steak my friend ordered was perfection as were her yuca fries and patacones.
Servers were great... And hot! Can't go wrong here.
the food was delicious! wonderful flavors, I would definitely recommend going here. Cesar gave us exceptional service - thank you for a terrific meal
Absolutely amazing! $29 for 7 tapas- can't go wrong. Friendly servers, great prices and fresh ingredients. One of the best restaurants I have EVER been to!
Cool spot that may not jump to the top of the tourist list, even with the overwhelmingly positive Yelp reviews. The ceviche is pretty spot on, so if citrus-spicy fish is your thing, drop in and get some.
The green sauce is really spicy. Great ambiance. Great flavor.  I had a fried plantain topped with shredded chicken.  I also had an empanada.   It is a Colombian one made with yellow cornmeal for the shell.  It had potato inside of it.  I also had the drink which was Colombian beer and colombiano soda mixed together.  It was a refreshing beverage.  Pleace has great ambiance.  A colombian was with me and she didn't like the food.  I being american thought it was great.
I went on a Groupon yesterday and normally I am not impressed as you feel like your not treated like a regular customer.  Well that was not the case with Bolivar.  Cesear our waiter was amazing!  He gave great suggestions and amazing service.   The atmosphere was romantic but fun.  Good scene.  The food was tasteful  but you have to like that kind of South American Cuisine.  Its very rich but I like that flavor.   If you are not there on a Groupon their portions are large and we were pretty full after appetizers so don;t over order.  after 7:30 on a Sunday it became packed.  I like that as I don;t like eating in empty places.  Make a reservation for sure.
This place was a last minute choice and  very happy about it. Beef tostones were savory and exciting and the sauces to accompany the meal was a perfect touch. For our main meal We chose the lomos salt ado which was just as good as our starter. Perfect choice spot for a causal Tuesday night.
If I were to go back to Miami, (which, who wouldn't want to?) South Beach would be my first destination. But it wouldn't be the beach, a club, or a bar that I'd be hitting up first, but rather it would be this hot little food haven! When I Yelp'd a place to grab some much desired Latin food, I found Bolívar with the great reviews, enticing pictures, and the added bonus of a Yelp deal being offered, so we gave it a go. Thank goodness we did cause this place turned out to be an absolute gem! They serve numerous types of Latin dishes that's broken down on the menu. We first ordered the empanadas as an app. I was told the empanada was alright. I was more into the sangria that quickly took care of my thirst! It was huge and delish! After that, it was onto the real deal and that was to try and decide what to order. At first it was a little overwhelming but I had a big appetite and wanted to go full on. Hey, I was on vacation and that's a somewhat justifiable excuse, right? ;) Well, I decided on a Columbian classic, the bandeja paisa. That was incredible! I mean just as perfect and complete as it comes. Seasoned steak, blood sausage (no, it didn't come out rare or bleeding...just what it's called), chicaronnes, a not so run of the mill side of beans that I normally wouldn't eat, plantains, fresh slice of avocado and fried egg on top of a unusually light and flavorful portion of rice. Oh my God! It was the most simple yet extraordinary dish. Possibly the most memorable of my trip but definitely the most satisfying. Now the place is uber cool and swanky with very sweet and helpful servers. A nice little place to hang out too, as there's stools by the bar. Yet, don't miss out on the grub. It may look all modern and chic but the food can stand above some of the local mom and pops restaurants.
We ended up using the yelp $20 for $40 deal for this place, and I've got to say, I was thoroughly pleased. I ended up ordering a glass of mango juice (which tasted absolutely delicious - and not at all  processed) and the main entree of Bandeja Paisa. The steak was tender and juicy and the red beans, fried egg, and rice complimented it perfectly. The sweet plantains were great (just wished I ordered a bit more of them). The service was excellent and the ambiance of the place was exceptionally pleasant. Overall, it was a wonderful experience.
This restaurant is owned by the same person that owns la Ventana. The service is good and the food is delicious. It's 4 stars because although they have a Latin fusion menu they have few options, especially for a non seafood eater. Their refajo drink is refreshing and tasty. Will try their sangria next time.
We went here because of a Groupon and ended up loving it! The chef sent out an on the house appetizer and they had us from there. Great change of pace spot.
Amazing food and service. Decided to try this spot for our last honeymoon meal, and we were not disappointed. We asked the waiter, Cesar, for a recommendation and he was spot on! The seafood combination plate was so fresh and tasty! Definitely recommend it.
I would love to give you five star just because of your staff. Everybody super friendly and ready to answer your questions. But in a review we have to consider also the food. As a compliment they gave us small arepas with a tomato based topping. The topping was good is the taste of the arepa that change everything. I don't know burned? But it didn't look burned? We just have empanadas for appetizer and I love them. Different corn base full of meat and crunchy. The main dish It's not that it was bad it that's part of it was served warm almost cold. We have Bandeja Paisa: The meat was soft and taste very good also the sweet plantains were good and sweet. But the white rice and red beans were kind of cold?. Chicharron was kind of gummy didn't like I'm used to eat it crunchy and the arepa for some reason I didn't like the taste. Our dessert was the cream brûlée with passion fruit but the flavor of the passion fruit it's so strong that you missed the flavor of the soft cream that you mix with it. Coffee is a must very good!!! This is a nice place where you can have different types of food but they have to pay attention that all the food is served hot or at Least warm.
The environment was great , this place has a lot of character. The waitress was really sweet . The food was pretty good but I've had better Latin food . Only real issue was that I ordered steak and it came out cold .. that basically ruined my experience ..
As we are going to Peru this coming May, I got interested in Latin food again, in particularly Peruvian.  I chose this restaurant on our visit to Miami based on the positive reviews and a Yelp deal.   Bolivar covers the cuisines of Peru, Venezuela, and Colombia.  With my preference for Peruvian as of late, we ordered a variety of dishes including mazorca (grilled corn on the cob), tiradito de pescado, lomo saltado, and 4 side dishes (sweet plantains, sweet potatoes, arepitas blanca, fried artichokes). HIT: Tiradito - the white fish is thinly sliced, topped by 5 distinct sauces, varying in flavors and levels of spiciness. The cubes of sweet potatoes, hominy kernels, and the corn nuts scattered about helped cut the spice in between bites.  The fish is fresh and the sauces have great flavors that are different enough from each other to keep the dish exciting as I skipped around from one sauce to the next. NEUTRAL: Sweet plantains - the slices are too thick.  It could have been sliced a little thinner to develop a nice crust and carmelization.   Sweet potatoes - sweet and tender Fried artichokes - fried artichoke hearts coated with grated cheese MISSES: Mazorca - char grilled corn is an understatement.  It was more like just CHARRED.  It was not buttery at all.  All I could taste was the char, the chile powder, and the grated cotija cheese.  Could not taste any corn or butter.   Lomo saltado - not saucy enough.  The beef and potatoes were on the dry side.  However, the rice was on the soggy side. Arepitas blanca - it came with dark grill marks which made the whole thing taste charred. From this one visit, my experience led me to think that Bolivar's strength is in its tiraditos and ceviches.  Perhaps trying to cover an array of the dishes from the cuisines of 3 countries may be too ambitious and Bolivar should focus more on its strength. Bon appetit!
It was one of my last nights in Sobe. I yelped places to eat and came across this $20 to 40 deal. Best. deal. ever. I also got free wine by checking on yelp, score! Instead of standard bread and butter we got flat corn bread with a tomato based topping which was nomsmazing. For my entree, I got the Bandeja Paisa which was basically a bunch of tapas on one plate. Fried pork belly is dangerously good and the combination of tapas on this plate together was perfect. Plates are definitely share-able. I shared this plate with 2 other girls. Another plus, I love that on the kitchen door, it says "no trespassing, trespassers will be cut into pieces and will be served in the special of the day." Most random, unexpected, but disturbingly funny thing I've seen at a restaurant. This place has 3 major cuisines in one place so if you like to try new dishes/cuisines in a comforting, cute atmosphere [just don't trespass to the kitchen] then this place is for you!
I had the Tiradito, chupes de camarones, and one of their house special drinks, which I can't remember the name of. The Tiradito was very good. The pieces of fish were nice and meaty and the different sauces were a good contrast with each other. It would be a good sized appetizer for 2 or 3 people (or even 4, but then everyone might not get to try everything), but I made it my main dish. The soup was fantastic! It's a creamy soup (but not thick or gloppy) with lots of shrimp, rice, potatoes, and an egg. It's a seafood based soup and it was better than anything I had in Peru (from whence the soup came) and where I had just come from.  The drink was VERY strong, which the waitress had warned me, but it didn't taste that way. I just knew it was strong by the way I felt midway through the drink - lol. The service was extremely friendly and helpful. Just know that English is not the primary language of several of the servers, so just be a little patient. I'd be happy to go back for the exact same meal anytime!
went once with friend of mine from canada in may, bartender ignored us... we was sitting and waiting over 10 mins. was not impressed at all..
Bolivar gave me a new found appreciation for Latin food.  I'm glad it's not in my neighborhood because I'd probably eat way to much of it! I think they are still working out their service flow but the food here is a steal. I had the salmon which was good but my date had the cuban dish that had beans, rice and various types of meat and it was fabulous!!  Oh yes, we also ordered the ceviche, we almost didn't take it bc it took a while but the taste was great and very fresh. The restaurant decor is dim but vibrant. The inside was slightly too loud to be romantic but sitting outside is nice for those who want it quieter and the sidewalk doesn't have too much traffic.
The Columbian beer and soda makes for a great fusion drink.  The habanero salsa that corms with the empanadas is a nice surprise.  The plantains with chicken was a nice mix.  Definitely a worthy south beach stop.
This was a perfect night with family! I ordered fish and my husband had steak. The appetizers were phenomenal. I loved their house special beer! I would recommend trying this place for sure!
What to start with?  The staff, friendly, professional and attentive the whole way through, The pride they take in their business is evident in all of the special details in just about everything,  The place is clean and well maintained as well as beautifully decorated. Now the food,,,YUM!  We had the Bandeja Paisa, I have tried this dish 3 times in different Colombian restaurants and have always been disappointed with the quality of the meat.  However, the quality of the ingredients and the perfectly cooked chicharones and steak at Bolivar were a hit.  My gringo husband LOVED IT! We also had the shrimp ceviche which was almost to big to finish and a Yerba something salad with crunchy Colombian sausage on top - delish!  Unfortunately we had no room for dessert - but we will be back - soon!
The Baneja Paisa is the dish to try here. The Pollo Saltado was salty. The Patacones con carne appetizer was very good. The Sangria was generous. The Crema Catalana was quite tasty.
I just ate myself silly. This place is amazing. We ordered a platter of 7 appetizers, and everything was delicious. I had 2 wonderful mojitos, and this delicious chicken with onions, rice... I don't think a review can do this place service. The service is amazing. The ambiance is romantic, beautiful mood lighting, with nice smooth background music. They also have karaoke. Yes karaoke. So of you're ever in south beach, I say check it out.
I.....friggen......love this place. Being colombian I can be pickier than most when eating at places like this. Bolivar exceeded my expectations, the staff is friendly and very hospitable, ambiance looks awesome especially the new artwork. I left the food for last because it was the best! Literally came back twice in one day a few times. Try the patacones and or the ceviche platters.
Food was exceptional... great atmosphere with the live singing... extremely impressed with the food and service. Def. Would come back again. If your in the mood for some great Spanish Columbia food this is the place to go... place wasn't too busy made reservations sat right down..The restaurant sent us a free appetizer to try which was great.. Thank you...
I started off my experience at Bolivar with a waiter who didn't seem to listen AT ALL. I know that he meant well, but when I tell the guy that he doesn't have to give the remedial Latin Food 101 lecture to me even though I am clearly a gringa (though not a tourist), I tend to get annoyed. That and the fact that the sangria (good) was $8 for a glass that was mostly ice. Not cool. Next: It serves me right for expecting a Colombian place to make arepas de choclo the right way (aka Venezuelan style). Blaarg! I flat out sent it back, because the "cheese" on top tasted like cream cheese. Between that and the texture of the "arepa," I felt like I was at Einstein Bagels. :/ Full disclosure: my Venezuelan mother-in-law and husband are amazing cooks, and spoil me silly with their cooking--which is the real deal. What was good? The fish ceviche! It also came in a salad bowl presentation, so at least I didn't go hungry for long. Still, again the guy goes into Latin Food 101. It must be all of the ignorant tourists who make him assume that everyone coming through the door knows nothing about Latin cuisine. Ugggh. I also ordered the pabellon plate to take home to my husband. He said that it was OK/good, but not the best. No, not coming back.
This place is such a nice spot in downtown Miami. I came from out of town with my cousins on vacation, purchased the groupon for $40 which was good for $200 worth of food and its just amazing! From the decor to the wonderful accommodating staff. My experience was pleasant. The food was amazing and needless to say we felt very trendy for picking such a good place. If i ever go back to Miami i will DEFINITELY go back!!
Some parts of the meal were great, others were just OK; and one thing was actually bad. Luckily, the bad thing was the free corn cakes plate; so it didn't cost us anything. The garlic shrimp and crisp pork belly were mediocre. The chicken wings, skirt steak strips, cheese sticks (not typical cheese sticks), and sweet plantains were very good. The environment was nice, with live Latin music; and the service was decent. I would try it again next time I'm in South Beach, because the things we did like were very good.
I highly recommend this place. We decided to try it out based on all the reviews. AMAZING! We're not familiar with South American cuisine but our server had great recommendations. He also sent us arepas on the house :) We ordered mazorca, cangrejo galapagos, and the 6 ceviche shots to start. Then we shared the bandeja paisa and pabellon sifrino. OMG! All of it is delicious, flavorful and fresh. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Miami.
Good food, good ambiance, and our waitress, Erika, was nice. The only reason I am giving them 2 stars is because they did not want to accept the Groupon that we had for their restaurant, which was the reason we went there in the first place. The Groupon had already expired, so we would not receive the offer, but that was ok with us as we already knew it. However, as per Groupon policies, once the offer is expired, the merchant is obliged to accept as payment whatever money was paid for the deal (no special offer or its individual policies would apply). Apparently, our waitress did not know how to handle the situation, so we asked for the manager. She called somebody else (not the manager). After explaining the situation to this man, he was unable to understand either...very stubborn man. We ended up paying the bill in full, and then calling Groupon for a refund. It was not a big deal, as we did not lose any monetary value, but it left us with a bittersweet taste, when it could have being different.
This review is only for desert and service. Service was good, very friendly staff.  Cuatro leches was very..very good.   Main course not so much or not to my liking.
Very impressed by this restaurant. Came here on a friday night and got seated immediately. Atmosphere is perfect for a date. Dim with red lighting and lots of cool trinkets all over the place. Food was great. For appetizer I I ordered meat empanadas followed by churrasco steak entrée. Loved every bite. Service was fast and attentive. Highly recommended spot.
The sangria was good. The Pollo saltado was pretty good too(perhaps a little too salty?). Maybe even better than the super popular peruvian place in Downtown. The only thing I didn't like was that there was live music...it's not that they were bad. The other customers seemed to enjoy it. It was just hard to have conversations with my friends...
Came here on a Tuesday night with my boyfriend for date night and I must say we were both pleasantly surprised for once! The food was all really tasty, portions are large, and everything is pretty reasonably priced. They were running a half off deal on their bottles of wine and I was able to order something that we both enjoyed, which is usually very difficult because of his picky palate. We ordered the tostones with shrimp, fried artichoke, chicharrones, churrasco (ask for extra chimichurri sauce) and the lomo saltado. Everythng tasted fresh, and was executed to perfection. We were pretty impressed after having dined at more than a few South Beach restaurants that couldn't seem to hit the mark. So glad to have this place around. Although our pairing wasn't ideal, we went with the 2011 Mairena Torrontes, which is super floral and finishes sweet. Just dry enough for me, the Sauvignon Blanc drinker. Although I can't remember her name, our server was perfect! I almost forgot she was there! As a long time member of the service industry I can tell you that is the hallmark of perfect service -- neither intrusive nor absent -- you almost forget that they're even around.
Hospitable, Live Entertainment,  Complimentary Appetizer s, Happy Hour (1/2 Price Drinks 5PM to 8PM weekdays) great atmosphere!
Very yummy food, & Cesar, our waiter, was excellent! They use clever details to set them apart from other restaurants. The Pruvian, Colombian, & Venezuelan dishes were fused together tastefully. The atmosphere & music were lively & Latin, but you could still have a conversation at your table.  We were happy to find Bolivar in a sea of touristy restaurants on Miami Beach. Just two block west of Ocean Drive. Quatro leche pastel (cake) is recommended!
So happy to have found this place on our last night in Miami! Away from exhausting and overpriced Ocean drive. We dined inside which was cutely decorated in South American style.  Drink specials were tasty and reasonably priced. The food was very tasty. I had Mariscos al Ajelo and husband had Bandeja Paisa. Both were good but we both enjoyed Mariscos more. We decided to skip on appetizers but we were brought a tapas appetizer on the house anyways...which was a nice surprise - and it tasted divine! The crème brulee for desert was also impressive. We did not feel rushed at all. The only reason I did not give this experience a 5 start was because, although our waitress was attentive at first, she seemed to forget about us after she got a party of 8 people and we were attended by another young man who, I wasn't sure, was a waiter or the busboy.  He did not introduce himself to us. The point is, after we ordered, the waitress lost all interest in us. Nevertheless, would still come back here for the food and the ambiance.
The "eche" ceviche and the tiradito were awesome!  I am Peruvian and take ceviche seriously.  I can say their ceviche is one of the best I have eaten in Miami. The service was also great.  Alfonso was well informed about the different cuisines and pleasant.
Great food, presentation and service.  Reasonably priced. Highly recommended.
Food was pretty good, but smallish portions and little higher prices make this this just ok..
The food here was solid.  I would definitely come back.
So me and my girlfriend were delayed in south beach two extra nights. We ended up finding bolivar by coincidence and fell in love. The tostones con Carne are amazing. We actually ended up coming the night after because the atmosphere is very relaxed and the staff is very friendly and helpful. If you are in south beach, bolivar is a must!
Bolivar was my husband's and my first time trying Latin American food. We were in for an absolute treat! The general atmosphere was laid back, yet sophisticated. Our server, Alfonso, was attentive but not obnoxiously intrusive. We loved his accent and explanations/recommendations for dishes that were derived from one of his South American home countries. The food was presented well and was absolutely to-die-for delicious (and I'm not a person who typically exaggerates). I had the pescado margarita and my husband tried the bandeja paisa. Both were exceptionally delicious and packed with flavor. Highly recommend this restaurant. It's a Miami Beach gem.
Fast and nice service, nice environment, good food. We had the blood sausage, pork belly, skirt steak, and corn on the cob tapas. We also had the arugula salad. All the food was good except the pork belly was not as expected (although others may like it -- it was very salty without much other flavor). The other couple we were with enjoyed all of their dishes. I would definitely go back again and recommend others to go!
A tour of South America on your plate! Bolivar looks like one of those fly by night joints on Washington Ave. that are constantly popping up and then folding. However, once you step inside, you realize that it is the real deal! The interior is lovely, with high ceilings and dark wood - it falls somewhere between upscale and home-y. We were seated right away by very friendly waitstaff. We started with some tapas - we went for the 2 for $8 deal, but they also have an 8 for $30 option that I might have to come back to sample! Tapas items were the fried artichokes and the Colombian sausage. The artichokes were a crisp mix of leaves and hearts and came with a variety of dipping sauces. The Mr. enjoyed the Colombian sausage, which seemed to be stuffed with rice as well as pork. Next stop - PERU -  we had the parceviche, which was a seafood mix marinated in lime / mango juice. The mango cut some of the acidity of the lime without adding too much sweetness. It came with corn nuts, choclo and cubes of sweet potato atop a bed of mesclun greens. So, we got a little salad when we were finished with fish! My only complaint was that this seafood mix was a bit heavy on the cockles - not enough variety in the seafood mix. We ended with a trip to Chile via a bowl of mariscos al ajillo. This dish was the standout! It came with rice and some tostones to soak up all of the delicious garlic sauce. It made me wish I had ordered a different ceviche as it contained the same seafood mix. Next time, I would probably order a little differently to get some more variety. The only issues keeping this experience from being 5-star were that serving spoons were not provided with the food and the temperature inside the restaurant was arctic!
Very friendly staff, reasonable prices, and, most importantly, excellent ceviche. All in all a great place, definitely recommended.
Excellent restaurant! Everything was delicious: the appetizer, entrée and desert. Service was great. The restaurant is clean and cozy. The hostess barely speaks English so she might get confused if you ask her for something complicated. If you are coming in on a Groupon keep in mind that you will have to pay another $16.20 for tax and gratuity (mandatory 18%). We are planning on coming back on Monday for a 5-8pm happy hour.
Probably the best meal I had in Miami! food, wine selection and service was awesome. The mango ceviche and skirt steak were my favorite. Would def come here again!
Kind of stumbled into this wonderful place. The service was great and very possibly the best ceviche (several to choose from) that I've had.  An absolute must try!!
Amazing drinks, so gorgeous! Good deals available on yelp. It was my hubby's bday and they did a birthday extravaganza (gave him a funny hat, a nice song by the staff, and really good dessert). One criticism from me would be that the food was slightly greasy for my taste, but good kinda greasy. A nice dating spot (seems like all the customers were couples).
Really pretty decoration inside. We actually had a coupon from yelp which was awesome.  Really loved the fried plantain and swimp with garlic sauce dish as appetizer.  For my main dish I ordered salmon with white rice & it was a tight bit too salty for me.  In the other hand my boyfriend had a huge fish platter & had nothing but good comments.  Drinks were deliscious, will definitelly come back once back in MIA.
Amazing food and experience all around.  I would suggest sharing a bunch of tapas with a group to get a super authentic taste of various regions around Latin America.  Two thumbs up!!!!!
Vacationed in south beach and this was by far the best meal I had as well as great service!
Pleasantly surprised with not only food, but the service as well. The Bolivartini left me speechless. Great food and great atmosphere.
Great food! Awesome Ambiance! Welcoming to big groups! I would definitely come here again! :)
We had their empanadas for appetizers, lomo saltado as the entree and cuatro leches for dessert. All plates were superb. Lomo saltado was very flavorful. The empanadas were crispy and delicious. Mango juice was fresh and refreshing. The service was outstanding too.
We happened upon this place by chance and it is the best food we've eaten in a a while. It was creative delicious and hot. The service was great. The drinks were delicious especially the mojito. But tamale was over-the-top with both pork and chicken. We are from Arizona and know tamales.
Bolivar was nice but it was quiet for much of the entire Friday evening I was there. The food was good, not great. I would have rather had the ceviche at Ceviche 105 downtown. Drinks were tasty.
Awesome food and awesome services. Highly recommended! My first time in Miami celebrating my bachelorrete party with my girls and they took me to Bolivar. I was not a big fan of Latin food, but after dinning at Bolivar I am COMPLETELY changing my mind about Latin food 100%! The atmosphere was very relaxing with a lot of interesting paintings on the walls. It is almost like a you are in a pub somewhere in South American. Their menu is inside the wine bottle like you are on a treasure hunt and trying to figure out the message in the bottle. The service was so amazing, our server Alfonso was so genuine and sincere he gave us a little history of each dish and where it came from. He even serve us something on the house and it was Amazing! They have a free Wine if you check in on yelp and it's any kind of wine you like. The deserts menu was so cute it was taped inside a cigar box...and the deserts itself is totally to die for. We had the passion fruits creme brulee and it is so flavorful you just want more. My next trip to South Beach FL I am definately coming back to Bolivar for sure!
This review is about two different experiences I had at Bolivar; horrible service not once, but twice..... The first time I tried to eat here was with family while they were in town. I heard great things and had of course yelped it to discover 4 stars. Well, we got there around 9:00pm on a Sat night. The server was super rude and basically told us we couldn't eat there bc they were closing in 30 minutes, despite the fact that the website AND automated phone recording stated that they closed at 11:00pm, approx 2hrs from the time we arrived. Talk about unprofessional. Anyway, I decided to visit a little earlier on my next visit, thinking that maybe they were just rude bc they were ready to leave the last time (still no excuse in the service industry, but I like to give people a 2nd chance). We sat down inside and decided to order some adult beverages. Since they claim to be a Peruvian fusion establishment, I requested a Pisco sour (as my aunt is Peruvian and always made the best Pisco sours during the holidays). But to my dismay, they do not have Pisco at the bar. WHAT??!!! Ok fine. Well I guess I'll just have a Capirinha, which is Brazilan, not Latin, but whatever. Before we even ordered our entrees, the server AGAIN, rushed us. He stated that last call was in 5 minutes. Mind you, we were there at 8:00pm on a Tuesday night, in April. What the hell? So we decided to order more drinks right away. I was very put off at this point. Not only was the service HORRIBLE, but the food was disappointing as well. The empanada appetizer was so dry! I had to wash them down with my drink. My paella typed dish was completely over cooked making all the seafood super rubbery and inedible. A total waste of money & time. This place is a joke.
Saturday night dinner, no reservations were allowed.  We have 7 tapas selection for $29, the fish ceviche plate and a few South American beers.  Service was excellent.  My companion had a capirhinia, was great.  Ceviche was excellent, the skirt steak was great, nice assortment of sauces.  Bill was $90 with alcohol and coffee.  I would knock off a half star if you are there when the club next door starts pumping!
Excellent food and drinks at Bolivar. A range of south american food, but they do a really good job of keeping each dish authentic to its native country (and indicating which one it's from) rather than try some sort of pan-south american fusion or just giving you something like a generic "empanada". Patacones con pollo (appetizer from colombia) were awesome. Eche ceviche was excellent as well. Just enough kick to it.
Delicious food and staff was helpful and pleasant!
Came here riiiight before closing time and still received excellent customer service. The food was amazing! I was on vacation but will stop by again when I go back!
We went with such high hopes cause of the yelp reviews. The empanadas were yummy, but the ba... Paisa (can't remember the exact name) platter was not good. The pork belly was very fatty and the steak was tough.
It was super awesome, I had the pescado margarita and it qas just ... out of this world. Very nice staff and very nice ambiance. will go back for sure !
Based on previous reviews this seemed like a sure hit; but unfortunately, it turned out very disappointing.  We ordered tapas: Calamari - terrible!  Frozen and dry Skirt steak was good Blood sausage was just ok Garlic shrimp - very flavorful, but they used baby shrimp instead of jumbo shrimp, like you'd expect Sweet plantains were great Mussels were very good Empanadas were mediocre at best Yellow potatoes - fried whole baby potatoes - not worth ordering Passion fruit Creme brule - very sweet; missing the crispy carmalized top :( All portions were tiny - not worth the $4 per piece at all.  Sangria was mostly ice. If we didn't have a deal the food would not be worth the price.   Staff extremely friendly and courteous.  If you order tapas one by one, instead of a bunch, they bring them in a larger portion size.  Our waitress felt really bad for the long service and gave us an additional discount.  They really do try.
I only go to Bolivar for lunch, and I always order the same thing, a bandeja Paisa. This is by far the best bandeja Paisa on the beach... To those unfamiliar, the bandeja paisa is the quintessential Colombian dish, a combined plate of beef, pork, fried egg, rice, avocado, beans, plantains. Stick to your bones deliciousness. Highly recommended for lunch.
ceviche... was lovely..   (eniche ceviche) calamari: was pretty good. fried artichoke: good fried pork belly: Nasty chicken wings: restaurant depot type.. skirt steak plate... was ehhhhhh.... being a $36 dish... I would of expect this dish to be far better than the $4.50 skirt steak option.  But it was the same...  just pay for the 7 appetizers for $28.. or 2 for $9 (add steak and you will be ok) sangria..  was pretty good... I went back the second time to get : eniche ceviche  (was delicious) especially with the hot sauce 2 for $9 skirt steak calamari They owner??? "manager" was very friendly....
I think this was my favorite meal in Miami.  The servers were nice and attentive. Well worth the price in comparison to the other restaurants near Ocean drive but just a short walk away.  We ordered the 7 types of tapas for 29 dollars.  For Boston standards that is pretty cheap.  We also ordered the shrimp ceviche and the tamale.... both were excellent!  The natas dessert was not too heavy and tasty as well!  Sangria was average.  I would definitely come back again if we return to Miami.  The atmosphere was cute and cool - red or green neon benches (SOLD!)... and one last note, becareful of that 18% service charge.  I don't get that at all.
Friendly and attentive staff! Recommended some great dishes - empanadas were delicious! Very cool wine list on a wine bottle, house Malbec was a good choice. Live singer on Saturday night which really adds to the atmosphere. Very cool spot to check out in Miami, I highly recommend!
Ah-maze-ing!!!  Food, drinks, atmosphere. .  All topped off with immaculate service, Cesar was the man!!!!  A must eat while in South Beach!!!
Absolutely delicious! Our waiter was so friendly and informative. We learned a lot about columbian cuisine, being we are Americans from up north with no Spanish heritage. And the food was to die for! Tried pork belly for the first time, and it tastes just like bacon! Lol. Definitely a must try restaurant if you're in Miami.
Food is really good. Place is a lil expensive but fun atmosphere
So good! Very friendly, great service. Agua de Florero drink is so good! Ceviche = must get! Patacones also! Can't wait to go back next time in Miami.
this place is awesome! the owner's think it was the owner is a super proud Bolivian/Columbian dude and the decor and food prove it! We basically let the guy order our food and each dish was GREAT! I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for authentic SA food. You can tell when your food is made with feelings and this place has it! Try the beer they mix with a Colombian soda...delish! We will make this a go to spot anytime we are in the area.
Food was good but nothing out of the ordinary. What really made this place a place to return was the atmosphere. Very modern look including the plating of the food. The appetizer was uniquely served on a granite slab. The service was excellent. The experience was made better by yelps $20 for $40 deal.
We visited this place for a late lunch. Alfonso was our server, super nice, friendly and recommended some great beer and food. Food was delicious, we had the ceviche shots and the 2 different types of ceviche as entrees. Everything was amazing, and the yelp deal $40 for $20 made the experience even better! Highly recommend this place, it's a local spot, gets you away from the noise and hustle of Ocean Ave, great food, drinks and overall experience.
The bf brought me to MIA for my bday- and he discovered this place through a deal offered by yelp... It was a Tuesday night so a slower night, but our waiter was awesome & had great recommendations... He was super knowledgable about the different flavors through various parts of central and south america, & took the time to explain them to us. We started with fried plantains topped with shredded chicken. They bring you a spicy sauces tray which was awesome. The app was crunchy and creamy all together in one. Entrees were Argentinian skirt steak and seafood stew in garlic sauce... All delicious and plentiful!! This will be a Miami beach staple for us!!
This place is awesome!  Food is unique, but not too crazy, and cooked to perfection.  I found this place through a groupon offer for 3 course meal for 2.  If I lived in southbeach, I would gladly eat here for full price.   I also ordered a margarita and house malbec which were delightful as well.
We had a great night at this Latin Restaurant! The staff was so friendly and warm. We started with a delicious creamy shrimp soup. As for the entrees, we had Churrasco Argentino and Bandeja Paisa. Both very good also. We finished with a top of the line Crema Catalana de Maracuya (Passion Fruit Crème Brûlée).
Great food, nice atmosphere. Waiter was nice she explained all the dishes that came out. Overall great experience. We would come back again.
The best food I have had in Miami and at a good price. Great service and awesome food. I never had columbian food and I will always look for it now.
If you want a food coma from Heaven..this is the place!  We had arepas and they were amazing w pulled beef and cheese. Erica, who served us, was very attentive and sweet. Authentic and relaxing. I felt like I was back in Venezuela...
We were visiting the area and ate at multiple restaurants every day. Relative to other restaurants in South Beach with entrees in this price range, we a had a five star experience. You won't feel like you are in a tourist trap. The atmosphere was great. The service was great. The waiter  warmly described the menu to those who were less familiar with South American dishes and insured that everyone chose something that they would like. The portions were fair and the prices were reasonable. I have nothing negative to say.  The ceviche was a highlight but everything was good.
It was Saturday night and our table of 5 waited almost 1.5 hours after ordering our food. They provided additional appetizers to make up for the delay.  I'll admit everyone totally enjoyed their food once it arrived so I'm going to give them another chance. Diverse menu options with what appeared to be  international clientele. Customer service was excellent.  Entertainment (singer) was very good. If not for the long wait 5 stars hands down.
So, my girls and I were referred here, and wow yum! Sat outside . Greattt food, and good service! We had several tapas, each one were so good! The only con, the dessert menu was very short and no chocolate! Bummer. Other than that, would go again.
A great place for locals and travelers who want to taste classic dishes from Colombia, Venezuela and Peru. The service was informative and attentive and the prices very reasonable!
Bandeja Paisa!  3 Empanadas!  Great music.  Exceeded expectations.
I really liked the Vene-colo-ru Fusion. My favorite plate was the EcheCeviche, this is basically Fresh White Fish soaked in Lime juice and Maracuya Juice along with a piece of a patacon and peruvian choclo
My friends and I were visiting from California and we saw a deal on yelp and we decided to try this place. It was SOOOO good!! Our waiter was great, he was very knowledgeable about the food and wine pairings. The food was really delicious. I got the Churrasco which was the grilled skirt steak with chimichurri sauce and mashed potatoes. I literally dream about that dinner ever since I've come back lol.
Food was pretty unique and decently priced.  Tried fried pork belly for the first time and it was pretty tasty.
We originally walked by puerto suaga and line was out the door, so we went to las olas but it was closed :(. Craving empanadas we found bolivar and wish we had not. We walked in and it was very empty. We decided to order the 7 tapas selection and a strawberry mojito. 40 minutes later tapas finally came out, and most of them were cold. The skirt steak was over cooked, burnt and dry. Same with the chicken strips. The two servers this place had on a sat night did not come over in the 40 minutes of waiting time to check on us ONCE. I enjoyed my mojito very slowly. We ate quick and left very unsatisfied. Definitely would not recommend or go back. Better off waiting on the long puerto sagua line or finding other latin cuisines.
I liked the food here, I ordered some tapas. They were very good...Husband ordered ceviche and he liked it. The day I went they were rehearsing a play and it was not pleasant. They were loud and I believe they could have done that in another place or time...
We had such a great dinner tonite... some appetizers, the whole fried fish and the steak... What an amazing value... and great food, we loved the sangria... Great place in Miami Beach we will be back
On this trip to South Beach, I made it my mission to eat as much ceviche as possible and stay off Ocean Drive. No only was Bolivar's "Eche Ceviche" the best I had my entire trip, their drinks were also strong and inexpensive. The wait staff was friendly an accommodating, and atmosphere was trendy and not overwhelming... No surprise I went back three times. This is a perfect spot for those looking for amazing food and cheaper prices than ocean craziness.
Half price drinks 5-8 love the wine. Staff is friendly food is great. Love mussels
food was delish!
Tried this restaurant tonight for the first time. I did not know what to expect but was pleasantly surprised. The prices were decent and the food was great. The waitress was very nice and gave great service.The decor is unique and it is centrally located on south beach. If you are in the mood for south american style food this place will not disappoint.
We came in late on a Monday night and while they were pretty dead, it provided an opportunity for us to chat with our waiter, Cesar. We were drawn in because of the deal on yelp but we will return because the service and food was fantastic. I started with a glass of wine courtesy of the yelp check in. We shared the empanadas and thoroughly enjoyed the four accompanying sauces all with a little heat. They were crisp and full of flavor. For dinner, I had the pichana (steak) with chimichurri and it was cooked perfectly. The portion was large so we had the other half for breakfast. The steak came with yuca fries and a salad which was was perfect. My other half had the pabellon and he cleaned his plate. We plan on returning for brunch before we leave. A really great experience, awesome artwork graced the walls and Cesar was personable and knowledgable about the different ethnic cuisines Bolivar offers. I only wish we had one in Baltimore.
Excellent restaurant. The staff was extremely professional and very friendly and made us feel very welcome from the second we walked in. The food was amazing with very large portions. This place definitely deserves a 5 star.
I am really between 3 and 4 stars for this place. I went here on the culinary tour and the food was really tasty, everything was fantastic! So, my friend and I decided to come back the next day and everything was less than fantastic, unfortunately. We got a couple of the same items that we had tried on the tour, the tostones and the empanadas. The tostones were still really good, but the empanada wasn't nearly as good as it had been the day before. Also, we had the calamari and it was terrible. Chewy, no flavor, not fresh....we both expected great calamari being right by the ocean, but this was awful. We didn't eat more than one bite each, but the server didn't ask what was wrong with it despite it all being left on the plate....not cool. The service was also very slow and inattentive (but friendly when we actually saw a waiter). I would give them another chance since I really liked them on the tour, but it was a disappointment.
FABULOUS place. The staff are falling over themselves to be friendly (but it's natural!), the food is GORGEOUS and reasonably priced, the decor is fun and cool..... then there's the lunch specials and the happy hour (5-8pm, wine, beer & sangria $3. Well drinks $5, all with free bites when at the bar!)  I've had the yelp app for 6 months on my phone and this is my first ever review - THAT'S how much this place rocks! :-)
Great food, very reasonable prices! Staff was very friendly and the owner has great recommendations! If we were here in Miami for more than a few nights, we would have come here twice!
Best Columbian food ever!!!
Went here during the food tour and had to come back the next day to eat it again. Great food!
Great experience here!!! Great food, great service, great live entertainment! Will definitely go here again when we return to Miami! Yelp deal was great too!!!
Great Food! We ordered the seafood and the steak salad. Both are very good. Especially, the stew seafood (sorry, cannot remember the original name) is delicious. We went there at Friday evening and the beer is half off during the happy hour at that time. For two people, the price tag is $50~60 with two main dish, one appetizer and two drinks. Of course, everything is expensive at South Beach Miami, but I think the food quality matches the price.
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!  I do not know how this place has 4 stars average?  Two out of the four main dishes we ordered were returned and had to be exchanged.  The other 2 were mediocre at best.  We changed it to a deep fried fish that was also tasteless, but seemed to be the best alternative there.  The server was rude and told us that this is how the food should taste.  Even though, we showed him that the churrasco steak (was like a shoes sole) can't be cut with a knife and was tasteless (No salt or anything - I cook myself and it is not that difficult to season that steak).  We asked him if it can be re cooked or have a better piece of meat to which he said it will be the same as this one.  (I thought they specialize in Argentine food?)  He also took it back to the chef and chef also said food was fine.  The salmon was very a very small portion and bitter.  Neither the chef nor the server knew if it was wild salmon or the kind of salmon it was.  By the time our 2 dishes came out the my 2 guest were already finished eating and bored. Also be careful if you use Groupon.  They charge you tip and tax on $30.00 per person meal, even though some entries were 15.99.   I will probably never go back again here and advise you to do same.  Birthday celebration was ruined pretty bad.
Never a wait. Good food, reasonably priced.
Food OK, atmosphere good. Service- slow to get check.
The shrimp soup and ceviche is heavenly delicious. The service is quick and alfonso is super friendly !!!
Just a fantastic meal.  The service was wonderful, the atmosphere charming.  Great choice of latin american beers, with the Peruvian beer being especially good.  My steak was cooked perfectly, and paired with a delicious chimmichourri sauce.  My wifes Pollo chicken with garlic mashed potatoes were wonderful as well.  Combined with the Yelp deal it was perfect!
I went to Bolivar for dinner.  The restaurant wasn't crowded and we were promptly seated as soon as we walked in.  We started off by ordering shots of aguardiente, which is a must in any Colombian restaurant.  The seafood mix ceviche appetizer was excellent.  Nice sized portion, fresh seafood, and distinct citrus flavor complemented very well by the red onions. The Bandeja Paisa and Colombian sausage was my entree.  As expected, its BIG and filling.  The arepa was a bit dry and I didn't love it, but that's not the focus of a Bandeja Paisa. Everything else on the plate was cooked right and flavored very nicely, especially the Colombian sausage.  That was my favorite item on the plate.  The Chanchito grilled pork loin comes with 2 big juicy pieces of pork covered in a tangy, fruity salsa.  It was very tender, juicy and cooked right.  After downing nearly the entire Bandeja Paisa, I had no room for dessert.  I was happy with the caipirinha that I drank during dinner.  It was mixed properly and was made with a fair amount of cachaca. Great work, considering this is not a Brazilian restaurant.  We got a lot of food for a good price.  The interior is comfortable, clean, warm, and the service was prompt and friendly.  I would definitely return during my next trip to Miami.
Glad I tried this place!  Interior was nice and not crowded at all.  We had the sampler of six different ceviches to start which was great to try each.  I had the fish with mango salsa was amazing as well- very well cooked and tons of flavor.  Wish we had room room for dessert as they looked great too.  Would definitey go back.
Great place to go, eat, drink and hang out with your friends. Food is excellent! Music is really good and the ambience is very nice too. The servers are not very good and the bar does not have top notch liquor, but other than that I would definitely recommended.
Great food. Great service. We shared the Bandeja Paisa. Super yummy. Sat outside, lovely time.
Food was delicious. Portions were plentiful. Friendly staff. Just took forever to bring the check.
We used the Yelp $20 for $40 deal and they accepted it without a problem and the waitstaff was very nice. The food was just ok, nothing special at all. And, it seemed overpriced, so without the Yelp deal, it would have been a rip off. Very meh.
The food and drinks were excellent.. highly recommended!! My favorite drink was El conquistador. Also try the empanadas and ceviche sampler. Staff were very nice and welcoming.
We bought a Gruopon Deal for four, included 2 appetizers, 4 entrees, and 2 desserts. The appetizers were very good can't complain, but the entrees were cold (stake, chicken and fish) not tasty at all. the desserts were good as well. knowing Colombian food, Brazilian food and Venezuelan food this was not as great and expensive, they charge $6.00 for sodas. Tip is included (18%) btw.
Bolivar is a little gem! Great food, abundant portions, and incredible service. Our waitress Lina was so helpful that she steered us away from a dish she didn't think was the best and even told us we were ordering too much food. When's the last time a waitress did that? The atmosphere is really cool too.
wow this place was really great and we went here with the miami culinary tours which was an awesome idea as well. we got hooked up by the social director Derek through southbeachgroup.com under concierge services. the empenadas were great and the chicken on top of the plantain was amazing
What a great dining experience! The food was superb and authentic, from the ceviche from Peru to the bandeja paisa from Colombia. The decor and music are just perfect, and the staff was very nice, attentive and efficient. And did I mention that it is reasonably priced? SoBe visitors who want to have a wonderful Latin dinner should not miss this jewel.  Other more well-known SoBe restaurants that boast they offer Cuban or Latin food don't do as much justice to the wonderful cuisines they purportedly showcase, and charge an arm and a leg.
I love Bolivar, mostly because they provide an array of auth dishes from many South American countries.  The service is always great, with the servers constantly being upbeat and charismatic, however, they do have a tendency to talk so much that it can be quite rude conversing with them while eating.  I also love the overall atmosphere of the restuarant, with its vibrant colors and spanish music playing in the background.  Great place to take people visiting Miami for a short time and also great for locals.
Excellent food and service! One of the best ceviche I've ever had. The Churrasco steak just melts in your mouth, the sangria was great! Definitely one of my favorite places in Sobe :-)
This was a great place for South American food.  We stopped by yesterday for a quick bite before heading backt to the airport  (last meal on our Miami vacation) We had the Seafood Ceviche and Mussels (appetizer) and both were DELICIOUS.  The ceviche was fresh, tangy, and with a slight hint of sweet. The mussels...oh my goodness...simply one of the best I've had.  SO fresh, very well seasoned, and great display.  Wish we found this place earlier so we could have tried the other items on the menu.  We also went earlier in the evening so there weren't a lot of customers there (great service!) but it seems like a bustling place at night.  Pretty cool venue I would imagine once the lights go down.  Will be back next time we're in Miami!
Good bar drinks and service. Passion fruit creme brûlée was a little runny but tasty. Good live entertainment Sat night! Reasonably priced.
my husband and i were visiting miami from new york and happened to see a flyer for this restaurant in our hotel. the menu looked delicious and being a Venezolana living in NYC.. i am immediately drawn to try out places that serve venezuelan food (since there arent many here in NYC)! We were SO happy we went! the food was delicious. I had the churrasco and my husband a salmon dish. although we did not choose one of the venezuelan dishes we were really pleased with our choices. The ambiance and the food presentation perfect and the food was so good! We were really pleased with the wonderful service from the waiter. I think his name was Alfonso.. hmm not sure. He was so great that we thought he was the actual owner of the place. we hope he reads this because we wanted to thank him again for his wonderful service and awesome recommendation for dancing after dinner! we had a great time @ Nikki! Only thing that I feel wasn't so great was the drink I ordered.. Bolivartini.. tasted good but just didn't seem like there was any alcohol in it! Other than that a great experience and hope they continue to do well! LOVE the concept!
As I said I would, I went back; this time with my parents in tow. A repeat of all the great things, and none of the not so great things. Except the wine list remains fairly small - which is surprising given the really fantastic and large variety of wines from South America). But the available wines are good. My parents both loved their meals - a churrasco and the bandeja paisa. We also shared a variety of the appetizers, which were all really great. As the restaurant was understaffed the previous time, I did not really get a chance to see how the normal service was. This time I did, and it is really great - our waitress was very attentive and patient. Go a little earlier (7pm) if you want a quieter atmosphere, or later if you want to hear the live singer.
My favorite restaurant in south Beach. This place serves dishes from various countries including Peru, Bolivia,  Colombia and Venezuela. I had the Lomo Saltado (stir fried steak, grilled onions, tomatoes,  served with rice and fries). This is a typical Peruvian dish. It was tasty amd perfectly cooked. The portions are also big. As per the sevice, our waitress was attentive and nice. She brought our food out quickly.
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere. Looking for a place to eat and found it on yelp. Tried it out and it was awesome!!  So glad we went.
Can't wait to go back on next trip to South beach - had to fight urge to go back the second night, but since we were only in town two nights, just had to try somewhere else. Loud, lively, great food, good prices, great service.  Lots of Latin flavor - both in terms of food and ambiance. I'd be here all the time if I lived nearby.  My new favorite place in Miami Beach.
This is a fantastic mixed-cuisine restaurant! The food was delicious (especially crab cake), the music was very relaxing. Enjoyed immensely!!
This place is so goooood! !!!! A must do on your list when visiting miami beach. Visited the place twice during my visit to Sobe. Service is spot on and friendly. Sangrias are tasty and cheap during weekday happy hour!!! Empanadas are a great appetizer. And if you still have room for more food at the end, try the 4-leches cake.
I had the whole grilled fish. I found them plantains a bit oily. The mojitos were quite good with the sugar cane stick. Overall, an enjoyable meal was had.
I've had many meals on South Beach, this is the first Yelp review I write about ANY. Service: amazing. quick , efficient, attentive and consistent, just spot on. Food was tasty, portioned and priced adequately ($16 average sized lomo salteado) . I was ashamed I needed Yelp to find this gem, it truly is my new favorite place in SoBe.
First the service was "dope." The place was packed and there was no room to sit, so we were about to leave but then the manager created a table us in a nice spot so that we can eat. The server recommended some Colombian favorites and they were really good. The server even gave us a history lesson on the meaning of the name "Bolivar" and told us a little about the owners. The atmosphere was rich with their culture and all the workers were really friendly to us. NOW, for the food...okay! I ordered the Bandeja Paisa, which is the traditional Colombian platter and the cuatro leches cake for dessert, which is the best that I ever had...I would go back there for the cuatro leches cake alone!!!! **Note: This place is a good place to have a 4th of 5th date. Someone that you are really "feelin'" and wanna continue seeing.
A great dining experience overall. Their staff was so courteous and professional. The decor and atmosphere was perfect for a night out with either a friend or significant other. Their drinks and food menus were amazingly flavorful. I would highly recommend this restaurant to any one visiting Miami Beach!
Service was excellent! Order a pitcher of sangria and the tamales! Great date night out in Miami!!
Sister restaurant of La Ventana across the way, Bolivar is a bigger restaurant with a full bar, music stage, patio seating and more food options that are not just Colombian. If you're on the Beach looking for a nice meal out, this is definitely a place I recommend to locals and tourists alike. I was first introduced to this resto through Miami Culinary Tours. After trying a taste of their offerings including beef empanadas, patacones with shredded chicken and refajo (we'll come back to that), I was eager to return for an actual meal. I kept seeing a Groupon for the spot so bought it and returned with my Colombian boyfriend. So yes, the expectations were high. To start, we got the Colombian sausages (I'm a sucker for blood sausage) and for my main, went with the mojarra Cartagena. It's a fish cooked in the traditional style of this Caribbean city which means the whole fish is deep fried. I would've been intimidated ordering this if the person city across from me wasn't versed in how to approach it as there are some standard rules (hint: some people eat the eyes). He enjoyed his bandeja paisa, the signature dish of Colombia and the kind of platter that's certain to send you into a food coma. Ok, now let's talk about refajo. If you've never had this Colombian shandy-esque beverage then you're missing out. It's a blend of Colombian beer (here they use Aguila) and Colombiana, a fruity cream soda. The ratio is about 2:1 (two beers, of course!) and it's delicious, refreshing and served in a carafe for sharing! Just order it and thank me later. Some nights they bring in live music and I hear it can get pretty lively! I don't go out of my way to go spend a night in SoBe often but would think about making an exception to come here.
This place is great! The food is delicious and the ambiance and presentation are great, but it has some flaws..., first of all the tip included and second of all, the non consistency of their dishes. I've been there many times and ordered the same dish and the quality might differ from one day to another, and I'm not implying that it gets really bad, but for example one day the dish comes with avocado and then the next time it doesn't. It is a shame that they took away the lunch specials and only left 1 per day.
Outstanding service. We did not have reservations on a Sat night and the hostess was very apologetic that we would have to wait 10-15 minutes (which was totally acceptable to us). We didn't wait long at all. The server gave some recommendations when we asked and then we ordered a ceviche (fantastic) and we each ordered an entree. Everything was fantastic and had a lot of flavor. This has been our best meal in Miami so far!! Highly recommend!!!!
My BF and I selected this place for dinner based on the good reviews. Some of the things we ordered were hit or miss. We had some tapas: empanadas, garlic shrimp, grilled corn cob, and crispy green plantains. The empanadas were okay, but the shrimp and corn were good. The green plantains though were not my favorite. We meant to order the sweet plantains, but the green plantains were really hard and sort of inedible. We also ordered the Colombian platter, which was actually pretty good. We really enjoyed the grilled steak and the caramelized plantains. Really delicious.
Wonderful. I cannot say enough good things about this place. I went here on a recommendation and was not disappointed. I decided to go with the mussels and the empanadas (both on appetizer menu) and they were absolutely incredible. I had the best caipirinha I've ever had and it was STRONG! Dessert was cuatro leches and wow. Just wow. So decadent. Service was stellar. Laid back and attentive at the same time. I immediately came back to the hotel and told the staff they should recommend it to others.  I know I will be!
What a gem of a place!  Incredibly friendly staff who were attentive and advised us about the wide selection of dishes.  Yummy tapas including churasco and artichoke hearts lightly fried with parmesan.  Ceviche was excellent!   Fun wine list and sangrias. Live music on Saturdays.
After reading the great reviews my boyfriend and I decided to check this place out. Unfortunately we we're not very impressed. The only reason I do not give this place two stars is because the ambience was nice and I enjoyed the sangria (and I guess the corn). We ordered the 7 choice tapas. The food didn't take too long to come out, but it was luke warm at best. The garlic shrimp were the smallest pieces of shrimp imaginable, and lacked flavor. The green fried plantains we're also a disappointment. Out of the 7 options on the plate, only the steak and corn we're enjoyable. I was really looking forward to checking this place out, but after an experience like that I don't think I'll be back.
Service and food was excellent. The ceviche was so fresh and flavorful. Prices were reasonable and they had a variety of dishes to please everyone's palette. I can't wait to go back.
EXCELLENT SERVICE & FOOD. Stumbled upon this place after a quick search on yelp to find this highly rated place. Quickly attended to by a friendly hostess and introduced to the wide variety of ethnic food of Peruvian/Columbian food. After placing our order, we were later given a complimentary appetizer as well. The food was a little pricey overall, and would like to have seen a little larger portions. The paisa dish was a combination of crispy fried pork belly and juicy pieces of steak, accompanied with egg, rice, beans and sweet fried plantains. Would recommend!
We ordered multiple items from the entrée and appetizers menu. Everything was absolutely delicious. They even gave us a complimentary appetizer. The waiting staff is very warm and knowledgeable and the food is absolutely five-star. This is definitely one of the best restaurants in Miami. You can blindly order any item from the menu and it will taste absolutely delicious. Groupon Users Beware: They will add 18% gratuity to your tab.
Ice cold colombiana. Great Colombian empanadas. The picanha is very tasty. I would suggest the tostones as well as they were really fresh and well made. Even the espresso I ordered to complete the meal was great. We went on a Sunday evening, service was really fast and attentive and everyone was super friendly. I would recommend it to anyone who likes Latin cuisine.
Dinner at this place began on a very promising note with one of the servers welcoming us with a complimentary and refreshing glass of white wine. The space was intimate and romantic, and I loved that they have a stage for live Latin music. I got one of the more floral cocktails, and it was a bit on the strong side with a giant, tacky-looking plastic flower for show. Our dinner was good - I didn't care for the arepas appetizer, but they definitely know how to cook their meats! I ordered the traditional Colombian sampler with a mix of grilled meats and it was well seasoned and juicy. The thing that brought this review down by one star was our experience after ordering our meal. After we received our food, our server went AWOL. It took us between 30 - 45 minutes (after we were all done with dinner) just to get our check from someone else other than our server. We tried to grab the attention of our server while she passed by, but she just blatantly ignored us. She either didn't look at us, or even when she did, her mind was obviously somewhere else since she did not notice our requests for the check. There were also a few times when she was just chatting with another server by the bar. I will admit that the food was tasty and we did enjoy our meal, but I would probably look somewhere else for more attentive service.
definitely one of the best sobe dining experiences I've had. I was born and raised in Miami and let's be real, most true miamians steer clear of touristy south beach spots. i live in new york but was home for the week visiting my family. my bf and I decided to do the sobe thing but were trying to avoid places like the heinous clevelander. yelp sent us to bolivar and we couldn't have been happier. a plus? there just happened to be an excellent groupon we used that night. the atmosphere is great. there was a loungey salsa singer who had an excellent voice and the music, though slightly too loud, wasn't overwhelming. the lights were the perfect level of dim and the staff was so incredibly friendly and attentive. the complimentary appetizer was a nice touch. we started with the cachapa. I've had better but that doesn't mean this one wasn't delicious. for our entrees we both ordered fish. my bf got the mahi mahi which, as I had read on yelp, was a little on the dry side. the mango salsa was ok but my food was fantastic. I ordered the whole fried fish and I couldn't have been more stoked that I did. it was perfectly cooked. im not gonna lie: I put away almost the whole thing and had to struggle through dessert but it was worth it. we ordered the quarto leches. i grew up eating quarto leches. this one was better than most I've had in a large restaurant (the hole in the walls places in little Havana always have the best ones duh). I definitely recommend this spot if you wanna do sobe but you don't wanna 'do sobe'. It's not a 'must do' for my future visits but I'm totally glad we went!
The food is okay but not so delicious. The stuff is very helpful and friendly, but it is a tourist nap because the TIP/gratuity will automatically added to your bill. That's not fair!
If you are a tourist like I was, and like much of the clientele in South Beach, you might be thinking something along the lines of "Hey, I'd like to try some South American dishes while I'm here, given the demographics of the area."  Unfortunately that conflicts with "Hey, I'm only here for 2-3 days and I've gotta get some Cuban meals in here too and there's like a dozen countries in South America soooo...what do I do?" Answer: Just come to Bolivar, the Colombian restaurant named like it's Bolivian that specializes in Brazilian, Venezuelan, Argentinian, Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Chilean foods. That being said I ended up here before the Columbia-Brazil World Cup game and this place was most definitely run by Colombians.  As such, out of one part fear one part salivation I mainly stuck to Colombian dishes this day.  Picanha looks great but not a half hour before Los Cafeteros are taking the pitch.  I'll have an Aguila with my Bandeja Paisa, por favor. Overall the meal was nice - the patacones in particular one of the better things I ate in my 4 days in South Florida.  Definitely go with those.  Otherwise service was a bit spotty but I'll excuse that due to pregame preparations.  You could definitely do way worse around here.
Went for dinner and the atmosphere and location were great. The service was a bit slow. But the food was flavorful! Probably one of the best restaurants you could stop by in SOBE without being completely ripped off.
We went there for lunch.   We got mojitos with sugarcane and they were amazing. The food was pretty slow in coming out even though there weren't many people there. Once it came out, it was excellent.   We got the spicy cerviche sampler which was delicious.  I also got the fried fish which was also delicious.  I had crispy green plantains for the first time, they were okay but a little tasteless.  I put sauce on them but anything fried is good!
This place was amazing! The food was good, the atmosphere was great, and the staff was friendly. We went here with a Groupon and decided to do the 7 small tapas for $29. We also did their sangria and refajo (really, really good!). Sharing tapas with 7 people was not very filling, so we all ended up getting meals. I got the Mariscos al Ajelo, which was a seafood dish. Not only was it amazing but they also did not skimp on the seafood. Everyone else loved their dishes as well. The food was so good that we ended up going a second time two days later before leaving Miami.
Great ambience. The tapas are wonderful amazing sangria and the desert to die for Visiting Miami on a business trip a local friend suggested we try out this place. Thanks for the recommendation john. Reasonable Prices especially if you are up for trying the tapas
Bolivar is a great concept... but as usual very poorly executed. If the great "libertador" knew what his name was used for, well... he would have probably not liberated anyone. They have the best and most traditional dishes from the major South american countries... from the Bandeja Paisa (Colombia), the Picanha (Brasil), the Pescado Margarita (Venezuela) to the Lomo Salteado (Peru). The food is very tasty, portion sizes are not big, nor small.. they are ok.  The prices are what you would expect for lunch...except that if it turns into dinner while you are having lunch well then you have to pay the more expensive dinner prices... //PAUSE// Yes, that happened. I did not complain, I was so fed up with the garbage service that I just paid and left. Oh, and by the way... my tab included 18% tip. //UN-PAUSE// For those (like me) who have been around SOBE for a long time you will notice that the place looks just like the old Colombian nightclub Macondo... yep, it looks exactly the same and its not a restaurant. They even kept the crappy service. They rarely come to your table, they mix up the plates, they overcharge you and they ignore you. .. and its not like the place was packed, they had more staff members than tables. Yet, all tables were unattended. So this is one of those places where your mileage will vary... if you happen to be lucky enough to be serviced properly you will probably enjoy your meal.  Otherwise you will end up like me.. overpaying for a extremely long (because service is crap) lunch that you really could have gotten in any of the many good Venezuelan/Peruvian/Colombian/Brazilian restaurants in the area. PS: Cant understand how this place has so many 5-star reviews, the food is not good enough, the service is crap and the decor is just ok.
This place has a great funky latin fusion ambiance and amazing food!  We went yesterday and were recomended the Eche ceviche by Santiago the manager as well as our sweet friendly waitress.  It more than lived up to their recommendations...it was the BEST ceviche.  We also got the shrimp ceviche which was also amazing as were the tostones and accoutrements.  Great service, great food, I highly recommend!  P.S. They also have great lunchtime drink specials!
Tasty ceviche!
I though the restaurant was super cool inside. The service was great! They were attentive and friendly the whole time. I had the lunch special...seafood in a cream sauce with rice and fried green plantains. I wish I could've finished it. So dang good! But portions were big so could eat it all. My hubby had the black beans with meat and rice. Super yummy! Probably why I couldn't finish mine because I kept eating his! Highly recommend this place
I'm Venezualan, so I'll try to be as gentle as possible. As a restaurant, that wants to integrate the venezuelan, colombians and peruvian food culture in Miami, they have a lot of work to do. Starting from the atmosphere, it feels like a night club that was taken over, put some chairs and called it a restaurant. The food was good, but I was expecting way more, speciallly for the price, that by the way, by the time we got our check, didn't match with the menu and not by cents, I'm talking about $3-$5, so we felt cheated. Also, they have a stage with some instruments (i guess they have a show at some point of the day) and this kids from the next table were banging at the drums and congas during out whole meal... i was about to stand up yelling in desperation but luckly, I kept my composure. But the thing that anoyed me the most... The service. This guy that didn't speak english, nor spanish, trying to comunicate with us in those two languages... I needed translation every time he talked... i asked for water, i shouldnt have... Really disaponted... Inhad my hopes in here, but they are far from "i'll be back"
Sooooooo amazing!!!!! Awesome atmosphere, phenomenal food and genuine and personable service! Food was amazing and mojitos were to die for!!!!!
I really like this place. I haven't ordered everything on the menu yet, but what I've tasted has been mostly good. The tostones topped with chicken is hands down the most delicious plate they serve. My sister and I have gone back JUST  to eat those and have taken our parents to eat them too. The empanadas are delicious. I ordered the Bandeja Paisa once, and while the steak was delicious, the portion of steak was a little small and the chicharron barely had any meat on it and was cold. No problem, just bring me more tostones! The manager is fantastic, and so it the rest of the wait staff. Really sweet people. This place is worth a visit. Plus, they have a full bar...
Have had a chance to meet the staff on a weekly basis.. nothing but beautiful smiles the minute you walk up to the front door.  You're met by a very friendly hostess (on a consistent basis) and the staff is always friendly and ready to serve you.   The atmosphere is beautiful - makes you think you're in the Basque country of Spain - authentic..  The food is equally as good. Great place to take that special person and feel like you've traveled across the atlantic.
*tostones with chicken (omg!!!!! The tostones are amazing!!! So crisp and perfectly salty. The chicken was tender and super flavorful. If I was eating this at home, I would have taken massive bites but I ate it with fork and knife in public haha. Loved this appetizer!!) *chicken empanada (not bad, definitely have had better but the dough itself was good, the chicken was a teeny bit dry, this was lacking punch and should have been more saucy inside to give a nice textural balance) *yuca fries (oh yes! the yuca was powdery and perfectly fried, lightly salted and delicious. hated that dipping sauce that came with it, it tasted like piss) *salmon manuelita (salmon was flaky and had good flavor to it; the tomato sauce on the fish was delicious and compliments the rice very well; the cilantro rice, it was fluffy and herby; the steamed veggies on the side were surprisingly very good haha) *cuatros leches (omg, this cake was so good!! the top carmelized milk was beyond belief! the cake was soaking with milky goodness and not too sweet) This restaurant was great!!! Loved the service and atmosphere is festive. You can learn to salsa dance for $15. If you're not into that, you can just enjoy live music. At the women's bathroom door, you can take a selfie with Sophia Vegara. hahaha!
Super! Nice and friendly service.
Excellent food and services. We ordered a pitcher of sangria and the 7 small taps for $29. One of the best meals I've had during my vacation! Will try and stop by before I head back to Cali!!! Everyone should stop by and have a glass of sangria :)
We have been taking advantage of restaurant.com and got a voucher for this place. I was a little hesitant because I don't like going to Miami Beach, but I am so glad we did. SERVICE- our waiter was great. Very attentive. FOOD- we got the empanadas (so damn good) and the bandeja paisa. Amazingly good. There wasn't one single item I didn't like. The sauces that came with the empanadas were awesome and spicy. I want more. We ordered water and our cups are particles in them. My sis assured me it was residue from the old pipes. They brought us new waters with less particles and I dealt with it like a big girl. It wasn't a big deal. AMBIANCE- loved the place. Very cozy. Would love to go when they have entertainment. We had to pay for parking because it was Miami Beach and I hate having to do this just to have a meal, but I would definitely go back.
Very good! Have gone several times and never leave unsatisfied. The staff is nice, it is reasonably priced and if you want a taste of all kinds of food around South America with flavor, then this is your place. And it's not too expensive. My favorite is the fried artichokes and the Churrasco steak is good. The only thing I didn't like was the fish.. Can't remember the name of the it but it was a whole fish with the head and all.. freaked me out.. lol
Service-5 stars Waitress and GM were super friendly. GM is so passionate and make us feel like home. His boss is so lucky to have him. EXCEPT the receptionist is the only one who is not friendly and we wanted to sit inside and she said inside is only for reservation for that night which was not true. GM were able to sit us inside. She is just not willing to help! Food-4 stars The mix seafood dish is very good. Their signature drink is very strong Their dessert menu is super cute
Banjela paisa is the Colombian national dish and it's THE MUST GET dish here. It is a nice generous portion and IMHO the service is one of the best in SoBe regardless of whether you speak Spanish. Food is tasty and tender!
Best South American food I've had. Loved everything about this place. Food, music (great little spot for salsa dancing), ambiance and service.
Decided to come here for lunch based on all the great yelp reviews. So glad we did because I loved this place. Sangria special for $2.99 a glass and it did not disappoint, ill take 3 please :) We got the ceviche shot app sampler and the mango mahi mahi. Both were perfect. If I ever find myself in Miami again this place will be a must.
Went for dinner. Great food, mixed drinks and environment. It's on the pricey side. You will spend quite a bit if you have drinks and dinner.
Food was great! Was looking for a restaurant that had some food from Central and South America and came across this place! We were not disappointed! Started off with the Mora (Andean Blackberry juice) which was really good. It was so good on our way to another restaurant the following night we got an order of it to go. We started off with two tapas before our dinner came. We had the empanadas and arepitas blancas. Both were excellent and we loved all of the dipping sauces that was served with them especially the aji (sp?). For dinner I had the bandeja paisa (Colombian dish) which I thought was really good. I enjoyed all of it including the crispy pork belly which reminded me somewhat of a Filipino dish that I like. My friend had the Churrasco (Argentia) which he said was really good as well. It was definitely a great place and we were able to try a variety of food. Like most places in South Beach they do automatically add 18% gratuity because from what we were told at one place some of the foreign tourists don't understand the concept of tipping so, it gets added as a convenience. Next time we are in Miami we will be having dinner or lunch here.
Excellent cerviche and terrific service. Affordable place on South Beach. Very nice South American vibe that will make you feel like you are in a different country.
Food was very good and service was polite and attentive. Started with mazorca, followed by "echelon" ceviche, then split the Mahi Mahi. Never had S American cuisine before so we were blown away by its tastiness. The combo of fish and citrus fruit was excellent.
Amazing service with super friendly waitress (Jannett I believe was her name) the civiche shots were the only things we weren't fond of but it was awesome that she offered to pack and store them for us until we were done with the beach. The arepas were great. The drinks were good.
Here is South American fusion with a great taste! We had a groupon and it went real well! I had the Salmon, my GF had the Churrasco and the app was a shrimp with a salsa pink sauce with all types of other sauces. The desert was the only let down - a cake with little taste and an odd tasting it's cream. Other than that a great experience, with awesome service (thanks Caesar!) and a great ambiance. I recommend all the way!
Bolivar has a good atmosphere and stylish Colombian decor. Came over on July 4th and they had live music. However the food disappointed. The Appetizer was good, patacones with shrimp, for entree I order a Colombian signature dish "bandeja paisa" which had serious shortcomings you have to pay extra to get  morcilla (blood sausage) which was pretty dry and salty. The meat was also salty and rubbery. The chicharron wasn't great either and the rice un flavorful. Can't speak for other dishes but if it was for the Colombian food alone, I wouldn't be back
I took my sister here for her 30th birthday along with 5 other friends and we really had an amazing time.  The staff was so great about taking pictures of our table for us and being so understanding whenever we said, "can you take another one?"  The sangria and bottles of wine we ordered were delicious.  All of the food was so good.  We were all picking off of each others plates to try all of the amazing Peruvian, Colombian, Bolivian, and Argentinian dishes.  And as if the great food, wine, and service wasn't enough they celebrated my sisters birthday with us by bringing her a shot and silly hats for everyone at the table to wear while the staff played drums and cheered.  It was so fun.  And even after we were ready to go our server recommended an amazing place to go dance after dinner.  I'm so impressed by this place.  If I ever go back to Miami I would have to come here again.
Excellent food, service, place, environment, quality and price. Probably the best Colombian food in Miami!
Overall, service was good, nice waitresess, good ambiance. But most of the food was overcooked, tough, not easy to eat / chew. More or less bland. We ordered sangria, maybe someone switched bottles, or poured the wrong one, because it most distinctly had either Sambuca, Absinthe, and or other Anisette flavor, which was a horrible clash with the sangria. I wish I wasn't charged for the sangria, because I sent my glass away, and ordered a beer instead. I would give this place another chance, but I'm not sure what to expect.
Based on the reviews I thought this place would be great. Unfortunately, that was not the case. I ordered the grilled corn appetizer- flavored well, but the corn itself wasn't juicy sweet corn that you would expect at this time of year. I orders the Mahi dish as an entrée- the Mahi was dry and tough. Definitely not fresh. I would expect fresh, not frozen fish when dining at a restaurant that also Serves ceviche in Miami Beach.     Finally, the service was awful. I was sitting at the bar alone and I had to ask to place an order for a drink after sitting for a very long time. I would not recommend this place.
Came here last night for dinner, oh baby it was tasty. Cute decor, nice decorations, and amazing, amazing fresh food.  We loved... um everything.   Bottles of wine for $20-$40 Killer beer selection Tvs at the bar playing soccer.  Very colombian feeling. We did the 7 Tapas:  $29  (3 of us) Empanadas --so tasty, not sure what type of meat was here Chicken wings --tiny, good flavor, but a bit dry Skirt Steak --Awesome!!! So tender, great flavor Garlic Shrimp --Tiny shrimp, but packed with flavor Sweet Plantains --great flavor, dessert! Fried Artichokes- these were bomb.com Spicy Grilled Corn Cob--My favorite, great flavor Andina Verde Salad --huge salad, good dressing Will def come back to try more beer and ceviche
This is such a great place! From the atmosphere to service and food. The servers are young and friendly. Always helpful and ready to be at your service. The manager is also present and welcoming. He offered us a complimentary appetizer. He said because of the wait but I didn't even realize how much we've been waiting because we were feeling so good. The food so amazing. As authentic as I can tell (I'm not latino so I can't judge too much) but it looked healthy and tasted great. The presentation is very modern. Definitely a fusion type a restaurant! We will definitely come back
I hate to have to give this place a 3/5, because the food was actually really good, and we all enjoyed it a lot. Highlights included the empanadas (which were actually really amazing), and my dish was pretty good, though not amazing (the Bandeja Paisa...wish I had gotten the skirt steak), I would've like the beans to be a little more seasoned. The other big highlights were the Cuatro Leches (that's right, cuatro!) and the Natas. Both milk based dishes, both really yummy. However, the service was pretty bad and when you are charging people 18% tip automatically, the service should at least be standard. However, we waited roughly 2 hrs for our main dishes to come out. We were at this restaurant from 9:30-12/12:30am.  They said that a large party was inside, but I don't feel that excuses such late and long service. We requested a discount or something complementary so they brought out another appetizer, but I felt they could have been more attentive to our table in letting us know when the food was coming out because it was getting really ridiculous. Overall, I recommend this place if you're not around on a weekend. Maybe for lunch or an early dinner, but prime time doesn't seem to be a good time to come in. Perhaps without a large party it'd be better (since the do have so many great reviews) and our experience was an exception, but it was a pretty frustrating one as well.
Excellent food, paired with friendly service, great location, perfect ambience marks this a Must Go location for good food, good drinks, and good time! We were welcomed by the friendly host who re-arranged tables to seat the 7 of us outdoors, which made the whole experience much better with the perfect weather outside! The drink menu is stored in a wine bottle, very unique. We ordered a pitcher of Sangria - great for thirst quenching! :) Then we were served with complimentary grilled corn cakes, topped with some excellent salsa - it was gone in 2 bites. Food: A few folks got the combination Tapas de Bolivar - let's say all were sighing and mmm-ing with pleasure upon tasting the: Skirt steak tips, Grilled Chicken strips, Grilled Shrimp, Corn cakes, Sweet plantains, Yellow potatoes, Corn on cob.. I ordered the Bandeja Paisa and it totally hit the spot with the egg, rice and the meats. Yummee. The rice was absolutely tasty!! Bolivar, I'm coming back!
Fantastic!!!! Why? Food was fresh, high quality, authentic, delicious, plentiful, well presented. Atmosphere was warm, comfortable, positive, homey, comforting, colorful, authentic feeling. Service was super friendly, smiley, happy, helpful, caring and attentive. Louisa was adorable and sweet. Prices are extremely fair for the quality and quantity. This food was authentic and delicious. I highly recommend this place.
Maybe my experience here is an outlier, because I find it hard to believe that folks have rated this place so highly. My friend and I, tired of the craziness on Ocean Drive, decided to check out this spot after reading the rave reviews on Yelp. We were greeted quite warmly by the hostess as well as the manager (owner?) and were seated at a table of our choice outside. Our waitress was friendly enough, but seemed a bit of a novice when it came to waiting tables. I initially ordered a rum on the rocks, only to be told that I could only get my rum in a mojito - say whaaaat? I just gave up and said I'll have a beer. I went through their beer list and selected beer after beer, only to be told "we don't have that.. or that .. or that.. or that". Eventually we finally found a beer they had.. I believe it was a Venezuelan beer.. It was ok. We also asked for a glass of water, which did not arrive till the third time we asked for it. I ordered the Mahi Mahi dish and I was really really REALLY disappointed. The mango relish(?) on the fish was very tasty. The fish itself, though was ridiculously tough. It felt like I was cutting steak! Maybe they didn't defrost it correctly? I didn't know what was happening! My friend ordered the pork belly dish and he felt it was "meh".. and deep fried :-) Overall, the impression I got was that the waitress was new, as a result affecting the standard quality of service. I hope that they just had an off day with the food they served us. Not sure if I will be back, but if you spend a lot of time in Miami, check it out and see for yourself!
Food is amazing! !! Live entertainment!   I had the pulled beef....wish I could eat it daily My husband had the platter with full avocado (no up charge)
Recently went here on Saturday night. Very nice waitress, when I wanted advice on what to order she was very helpful. I got the 3 tapas : Sweet plantain: delicious, very sweet. Fried artichoke Parmesan: very good Empanadas: good, but I felt they could of been better Calamari: Nothing special, I felt it was over cooked and tough. The sangria was okay. Overall, everything was okay/good.
This place is by far the best food I've had in south beach. The people are very friendly and the food is delicious. The mixture of many different cultures allows this place to have its own unique touch to it. I would highly recommend it over the restaurants over by the shore.
Not even playing.. this place is 5 stars across the board. Santiago and the ladies treat you like family. That alone was hard to find in south beach. The food was ridiculously good, with large portions. Out of all the places we ate at in Miami, this place was the best. Will def be back on my next trip! #muchloveforbolivar
Great Groupon available for this place.
Don't waste your money. I was so excited to go there but unfortunately since the moment we sat the experience was awful. We sat at 7:50. Happy hour ended at 8 PM but our server, Paulina, didn't go to the table until 8 PM. When we asked her if we could order happy hour drink she was rude at best n told us very clearly that it was too late although she had taken 10 minutes to come to our table!!! The food came 30-40 minutes later. I had the mussels which were VERY salty n not fresh at all. They also didn't  even come with bread to eat with. My husband had the lomo salatado. It was also salty and it had little meat on it. It was mainly potatoes. Overall, the restaurant ambiance is nice but the service couldn't have been worst and the food was salty n not fresh. There are way better places than this in Miami Beach.
I've been here several times during recent visits to South Beach & this is the best bang for your buck as far as South American food is concerned. Even Miami locals frequent this spot since the food is so good. I'm Colombian so I'm all up on their Bandeja Paisa & Fritanga  which is GREAT!! Their Sangrias are awesome & their Happy Hour has to be one of the best in SOBE.
People are nuts. It does not look like a night club, it's cute, and the food is great. There is not a whole lot of good stuff within a couple block radius, so this one stands out. If you think it's too expensive then you shouldn't be in South Beach.  (Not an advocate of South Beach, or "Sobe," just here for a class and have no idea where anything is and have found expensive and crappy food). So this is as good as it gets before you get super high end.
Came here for dinner during our night in Miami. When I came in around 6/6:30, the place was pretty empty. Whelps, that was a bit worrisome. However, it quickly became filled around 7:30. We sat down and the waitress explained the menu to us. Basically, Bolivar serves a variety of South American dishes with each item labeled by the country of origin. I thought it was a cool concept! We ordered the bandeja paisa, mariscos al ajillo, and torta negra with ice cream. Bandeja paisa - A very simple dish but delicious nonetheless. It comes with rice, caramelized plantains, fried pork belly, steak meat, beans, fried egg, half an avocado, and corn cake. Wow, listing that out makes me realize how much food was on that plate. Mariscos al ajillo - So flavorful, and they definitely did not skimp on the seafood! Pretty much a seafood creole with a side of rice. Torta negra - A wine cake served with ice cream. The dessert was okay. I found the cake to be too dry for my taste. While waiting for the food, our waitress brought arepas on the house to sample. Tasty! At the conclusion of our meal, we were stuffed but completely satisfied with our experience at Bolivar. Our waitress, Andrea, was very friendly and helpful in deciding on what to order. Oh, but be careful when your bill comes! They automatically charge you 18% gratuity.
I loved this place so much that I ended up going there four more times during my  stay in the area. The restaurant is well located, pleasant and clean. The staff is well mannered and attentive but not intrusive. The food is well presented, very tasteful and fresh. The passion fruit flan is to die for!
Food was amazing and the atmosphere was fun. Highly recommend the 5 naciones ceveche. Sangria is also very good. Everyone was friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were well taken care of. They even had salsa lessons going on.
Great service. Amazinggggg food. Loved the traditional Colombian platter and the shredded beef with rice and beans plate. Was in miami for a week and hit up several cuban and south American spots. Versailles Caretta havana 1957 Palacios De los jugos This one stood out and remembered by the both of us. We visited boliviar  at the begining of the trip and both had a yearning to come back again but never got the chance. Can't wait to visit miami again.
If you're in Miami and in the area this place is a must! Awesome service and food! We had the 7 tapas for $29.00. You choose from a list of many tapas and pick 7. What a deal with variety. Their sangria is one of the best I've had. I knew their secret ingredient the second I tasted it. I'll never tell!
Don't panic tourist--come here and have your server figure what plate you want based on what you are looking for (fish, rice, special meats, etc.). My wife had the carne asada plate (not called that here) and it was spectacular. I had the salmon and it was likewise. Lunch prices were very reasonable.
The Marisco al ajillo here is delicious!!!! It was so flavorful and full of seafood. The portion was more than enough. I could only finish half of my dish. I definitely recommend this place.  My bf and I had the Patacones with shrimp due to the waitresses recommendation and it was amazon as well.
Bolivar was magical with its multi colored lights in a dark mysterious setting, too bad the bartender had that Miami attitude that goes something like "you're an asshole." Flat affect, curtly assertions, where unhumourous sarcasm is the livliest it gets. "This is it." She firmly held up a bottle, as a greeting. "What are the drink specials?"  I asked "No.  This is it." I pointed to the menu where it said $2.99 wine sangria and beer. "I'd like a happy hour red wine." "This is it."  She acted like I was an idiot. I was ready to fight for happy hour.  I was. I mean $3 wines, that's good anywhere. "No this is it." "How much" I asked "$3.50" You get the idea. She proceeded to denigrate me as she made me repeat my drink order like I should be an ashamed child with a red neon sign above my head flashing "retard". The sign behind her said "free bites at the bar", so did the menu.   "What's the food special for happy hour?." She pointed out the Monday special of tripe soup for $9.   Man she sure didn't want to give me that free bite.  I almost didn't have the heart to stab her on the customer service loin one more time but I did point out the sign behind her.  The bite came - two fatty meats on a stick.  It was free and I felt victory but I can't say it was good because I already felt humiliated and needed to go to a Catholic Church and cleanse this demon. I asked her some questions about the menu and she admonished me and again acted like I was an idiot.   The menu says 2 x 9$ Which to me means $18, and apparently I was an idiot for bringing that up. "I'm sorry if I'm annoying you" I finally said, strategically, after a full glass of wine. She smiled like an Aunt who had to watch her bastard child.  "It's okay." She said. "It's pretty dead in here." I added, passive aggressively admonishing her. Omg it got politely ugly. "Il have another glass of wine please." I deserved that $3.50. At this point you could argue that I deserved a paid trip to the best beach in Columbia. My handsome manly charm obviously wasn't helping me here.   I needed a life line. "Again sorry to bother you."  I reiterated. Finally I got a second "bite" - chips plaintains. 32 minutes in - I ordered.  The pastacones (green plaintains topped with protein.) looked really good but like too much and when I asked if I could mix up the proteins I was firmly told no.   The wine was kicking in and I wasn't gonna strangle her and she at least was acting nicer.  I tried to think happy thoughts.  I was going shopping after for these cute pair of skinny pants at H&M on Lincoln road.  They were bright blue. This was like an acid trip. A third bite came - an arepa it was dry, but tasty.  I still felt like I needed a hot bath. But I squeezed out some of my Human kindness with all I had and tried to strike up a conversation.   I don't think she could really understand English that well, maybe she was just protecting herself.  But man did she come off like a bull. Hey I didn't make these special offers.  They were dirt cheap I know but didn't you just make a killing over art basel weekend? I mean what's going on ?  Are you so hoity because your hot Columbian boyfriend is a stallion in bed? Or because there's trouble in paradise? The food came with an array of sauces representative of different countries.   I chose beef and shrimp and got some bread. The shrimp were small but the beef was tender. I started speaking Spanish and that perked her up.  And then it turns out she is homesick and doesn't like Miami. "Why?" I asked. "I'm alone." That was it.  Girl got "tension".  All the sudden her hands felt so soft and her butt looked great.  I started acting like a cabillero. This is why I don't date women, or maybe I should. After three glasses of wine the whole drama was ironically satisfying.  If Bolivar is nicely decorated, the food is just okay, but better than most South Beach joints.  Think of it as a Trendy tapas bar that's a little less perfect than it has to be because it's on South Beach. Great patio Weird service Decent food Ps - I promptly had retail therapy afterward.
Fabulous little place with the friendliest staff in South Beach!  Food is great, drink and dessert menus are presented with uniqueness!  I will come here one more time before I leave Miami!!
Guys, try this place! It won't disappoint!  Traveled from LA to Miami and was lucky to find this jewel. Great food and ambiance!  Excellent service from start to finish. Food and service are top notch!
This is a cool little (literally small) place on Washington that offers Colombian & Venezuelan cuisine ... friendly staff, nice bar.  It seems family run.  I happened to walk in yesterday and there was some kind of soccer championship on TV.  I had the shrimp patacon which is basically shrimp creole on to stones... it did not disappoint my taste for spice and they serve 4-5 signature sauces with anything you order ranging in heat intensity. I loved it. I haven't been but I was told they also have live music certain evenings. I've tried the sangria and the house chardonnay, I was pleased. Mind you, don't go to a sports bar and order champagne. I would like to come back and try other selections from their menu that seemed intriguing.
The food was excellent!! The ceviche bolivar was good The sopa de pollo was delicious , so the picanha and the bandeja paisan. The ambience was very good and the service too! We will be back for sure!
My husband and I came here based on the yelp reviews. The fried green plantains with shredded beef appetizer was amazing! Got the seafood ceviche..it was just ok. Get the green plantain appetizer! Main course - we got the traditional Colombian platter and the fried whole fish. They were both phenomenal! Dessert - we got the passion fruit crew brûlée. It was good but a bit too sweet for me. Our waitress was very attentive too! We would totally come back next time we are in town.
Excellent food quality and service. Wonderful lunch specials at very reasonable prices. The service is attentive and the atmosphere is great inside and out on active Washington Avenue.
Food, drinks,service are excellent celebrated a bday dinner with friends here, the only restaurant i went in miami that really cared with customers, few restaurant i went was alright..
We loved this place! The food and service was excellent! We loved the fun atmosphere!
THIS PLACE ROCKED. I absolutely love south American food- particularly Columbian! Naturally, I went with the bandeja paisa which was delicious and my boyfriend went with the churrasco which was equally as tasty and tender! We also got chicken patacones as an appetizer along with a sampler of hot sauces and finished with an order of the Natas dessert! Mmmmm!!! The staff is very polite and attentive and the ambiance is very warm and welcoming. Like all of my new ventures...I went with a groupon and got a great deal. :) I would love to go back there soon!!!
Food was great! Staff was very friendly. Had the the bees empanadas, the pollo saltado was amazing and their cuatro leches dessert was just crazy good. The drink we had was called refrajo and it was very refreshing (beer mixed with soda). The place has nice Spanish music playing that's just right in volume. So it doesn't get in the way of conversation. Definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting the area.
Good food and audacious mixes, really good special on the delicious sangria ($2,99 until 4pm), great service. A little pricy though so you have to want to spend  $60 on lunch for 2.
Wonderful menu.  Easy to read choices from each SA country. Terrific service Try their corn cakes!!!terrific tidbits w salsa
Food was delish. Quaint little spot with friendly servers/waitresses. The cortodito was yummy too.
The service was great, we was attended by Louisa which was very clear in communicating with us and had great knowledge of all the dishes on the menu. Prices was reasonable the food was of great quality. Great Place
One of my friends who recently visited Miami Beach dined at Bolivar during her trip and highly recommended this restaurant. So when I traveled to Miami Beach, my husband and I decided to come here for dinner on a Friday night. There is both indoor and outdoor seating and we chose the indoor seating area. I loved the decor; very bright and colorful. Here is what we ordered for dinner: Appetizers: Patacones (5 stars) Entree 1: Pabellon Sifrino (4 stars) Entree 2: Mojarra Cartagena (4 stars) Dessert: Nata (5 stars) Great food. Friendly service. I highly recommend Bolivar. Tip: There is a Groupon deal going on for this restaurant. You will be better off without the deal. With the deal, they automatically add a gratuity of 18% (even for 2 people), so you actually end up spending more with the Groupon deal.
Not sure if I'm giving it a five because the food was way above expectations or just good, but either way, worth visiting. I've never had Peruvian/Colombian food, but it's definitely delicious. We would def come back. Get the passion fruit creme brûlée! Soo good.
Friends and I are on vacation from Chicago. I heard of this place from Groupon. All I can say is, "Delicious food and excellent customer service." Andrea was friendly and very helpful. I'm writing a review on Yelp for God's sake! (Something I usually don't do.) Whoever overlooks this restaurant is missing out! I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone who is visiting or living in the area.
The customer service (the hostess, wait staff, the singer) was excellent! The tapas plate of 7 selections was a great shared entre for two people. The crowd was mostly locals (a good sign) and we are still blown away by the sincerity of the staff. The fact that it is reasonably priced makes this place a gem! Highly recommend.
First and foremost, I want to give this place more than 5 stars. The waiter was nice and very polite. We even got a free delicious appetizer in the house. My boyfriend order for me a delicious Colombian plate and he order for himself delicious fried fish. The food is very delicious which compensate the price. Great music that combine with the food.
The service was really great from the moment we walked in the door.  We got the 7 tapas plate and loved everything with the exception of the pork belly.  The sangria was refreshing and the sauces served with dinner had fantastic flavor.   Also, the ambience was inviting/romantic.  The live music later at night was a nice touch :)  Would definitely come back if in town again!
Great ambiance. Good food and excellent variety. Staff was very friendly and attentive. Food came out quickly and was all freshly made. Highly recommend the 7 for $29. Cant go wrong. Our waiter Cesar was perfectly attentive not too much not too little. He was also very knowledgable about the cuisine and was able to recommend items that both my wife and I would enjoy. The sangria was also delicious. Live music after 8 was nice. We ended up staying for dessert too - try the brûlée. The have valet for $10 so parking is easy. Overall awesome experience.
First yelp review which is embarrassing because I use yelp all the time to find a new place to try. Visited Bolivar Saturday late afternoon looking for a light bite to eat before a late dinner. I WISH I would've found this place sooner!!It beats any restaurant on the main strip (which I now know are all rip offs) Our server was outstanding & although we chose the 2 for $7 option (Chicharon & Empanadas) & a sweet plantain side ($4) my boyfriend & I were treated as if we had a very expensive bill. The food was fresh & not greasy. We were served different sauces from spicy to very mild to try & got an amuse bouche from the chef to start. I would definitely rate this place 5 stars on service alone the plus is that the food matched the warm welcome. I'm looking forward to coming back to this place when I visit Miami again!
Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!!!! During our week visit to Miami we stopped to eat here twice! Food is great, atmosphere is really nice and so was our waitress. Everything on the menu is enticing and the Argentinian wine they carry is delicious! Can't wait to head back here when we visit again!
My boyfriend and I were spending a night in South Beach and wanted to eat at a place that was a little more quiet than our options on Ocean Drive, where we were staying. The service was not so great- It took about 15 minutes for someone to take our drink orders and there was some confusion between us and the waitress when we asked a few questions. For example, I ordered a glass of sangria, she said it only came in pitchers. After the fact she handed us a drink menu which clearly listed the price for a glass, so that was confusing. The food took a while to come out, but it was worth the wait- so delicious. I had the Bandeja Paisa and my boyfriend had the Chanchito. We were definitely eating off each others plates. However, when the check came there was an automatic 18% gratuity added. I'm not sure if this was stated in the menu or not- it definitely wasn't something I noticed when we were trying to decide what to eat. This is mainly the basis for my 3-star review- the automatic gratuity added for not so stellar service. We were only checked on once during the meal, our water glasses were only re-filled when we flagged someone down, and after sitting for a while with no drinks and our plates removed we had to ask for our check. Maybe this was just an off night for them? In our opinion Bolivar is definitely worth a visit for the food, but you'll need some patience for the service.
Wow this was great! You have to try the grilled corn.  Everything that our group ordered was just amazing!  It's a combination of South American cuisine that anyone visiting south beach has to try!!
Great ambience, great appetizers and drinks. Had the "eche" and patacones for appetizers = fantastic! Loving everything so far and service is great. Ordered the "bandeja paisa" for the entree and I was surprisingly disappointed. The pork belly was not good and the skirt steak was a C at the most. The best part of the entree were the beans and caramelized plantains. Would love to recommend others to come here, but don't order "bandeja paisa".
SO good! The service is attentive, the prices are reasonable and the food is amazing. I had the Mariscos and it was flavorful and just great. I visit Miami twice a year and i will absolutely be back. Try it. So worth the walk to SoFi. Yum
Over the past couple of years, Bolivar has become my go-to restaurant when I visit South Beach.  The food is excellent. In quality and value it surpasses all the restaurants on Ocean Dr. that try to reel you in. I haven't had anything I don' like. My favorites are the Lomo Saltado, Tamal, Fish cevice, the sangria and Natas for dessert. If the food is not enough to bring you back, then Alfonso will be. He's probably the friendliest and most attentive server I've encountered anywhere. I visit Miami with friends at least once a year and he always remembers us and chats with us. A must try!
Come during the weekday and enjoy their lunch special. I believe it's from 12pm - 4pm. Their food is delicious and the prices are good. $9.99 for a lunch special during the weekday.
Amidst the ordinary, tacky, and tasteless food options around south beach there is a latin cuisine oasis called Bolivar. Patacones con ropa vieja, fish ceviche, and sauces from several countries that perfectly complement the meal, and 3 dollar sangria... What else can a girl ask 4.....  .
On my recent trip to South Beach we used one of Yelps $20 for $40 online deals to Bolivar. I'm soo glad we did because we just ordered a whole bunch more to try, and everything was unbelievable! This restaurant is close to everything, and a welcomed the trip away from the tourist traps on Ocean Drive. The layout is great, has a cool bar, clean, and patio seating. The menu list the dish's country of origin and a very easy to understand description witch is supper helpful giving that this is one of my first experiences at a restaurant like this. The starters were incredible, we got the soup and the pick 2 option small plate, with 2 Beef Empanadas and Skirt Steak Strips. They've got great Sangria too! A stalk of raw sugar cane and some nutmeg really make it.
I would consider this place a hidden gem, given that it's a few blocks away from the typical Miami Beach tourist trap. It remains one of the best happy hours on the beach, with delicious sangria for right around $3. The fact that my meals have been accompanied by many glasses of this sangria might color my review, but I think that's just fine. The food at Bolivar is admittedly not excellent. However, it is well-portioned, well-price, and well-balanced. There's a great variety of food available, with cuisines from all over Central and South America. You can probably find better examples at restaurants dedicated to those cuisines, but if you're indecisive, or just not picky, you'll find something to sate your palate at Bolivar. Additionally, the service has been wonderful each time I've gone. The waiters know the dishes well and can provide good recommendations, and they are very attentive in providing refills and clearing plates. Maybe years of living on the beach have lowered my standards for service, but it's among the best I've had in Miami.
Came on a Wednesday night, by myself, and with a Groupon. I didn't expect the warm reception I did! I was entitled to two entrees with my Groupon and had the Bandeja paisa and the churrasco for lunch the next day. EXCELLENT! Both were very tasty and tender. The service was top notch, knew their stuff, and very accommodating. Highly recommend (even at full price)!!!
Food was great.  Be sure to order an extra side of tostones of you order the ceviche.  The hot sauces compliment the seafood extraordinarily well.
Good Peruvian in SoBe. We had the Pollo Saltado which was tender and flavorful. They have an excellent selection of South American beers.  I really enjoyed Quilmes on a warm afternoon. Service was very good and prompt. Lunch prices are reasonable. Beers were $3 and the Pollo Saltado was $12.  The 7th street parking garage is just around the block.
Ended up here because of the Yelp deal. Really glad we found this spot. A fusion of South American selections, hence the name, Bolivar offers dishes from Colombian empanadas to ceviches. The bf had lomo saltado, one of his standard go tos. It was tasty. Since we had the deal, I decided to splurge for the the Mojarra Cartagena, or whole snapper served fried. Also enjoyed this dish. Not the best fried snapper I've had but it was good. The place itself is quite colorful and comfortable. We sat by the small stage, apparently on the weekends they have live music. Not very South Beachy, which is nice since it's right on the strip. Nice place to go on a date.
We ate here at a sidewalk table on 6/7/2014 and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Everyone from the hostess, waitress, food runners and manager were pleasant, attentive and helpful. We made the mistake of ordering two appetizers and the 7 items Tapas platter. We were fairly hungry but the platter would have been more than enough and at under $30.00 it's one of the best values we've found on the beach. Everything was very well prepared and extremely flavorful. The Blood Sausage, which I was not really looking forward to, was a highlight. The sauces were all excellent as well and most added nice levels of heat.
What an excellent little place. Good job, yelp! We ate outside. The food was remarkable and reasonable for South Beach. The waitstaff adorable. Must do again.
We had the mussels and the tostones with spicy shrimp topping. Amazing! Amazing! I wish they had one of these in st Louis! So good we are thinking of returning for dinner! Great service too! Would highly recommend!
