This review is strictly for the atmosphere.  We went here bc the boyfriend was craving some seafood.  Found this place on Eater and made a rez.  We walked in on-time and were promptly seated outside on the patio.  That was the end of our service.  We proceeded to sit there for about 15 minutes without someone greeting us or offering water, beverages, etc.  All the while, I'm watching my already hungry boyfriend about to have a meltdown!  It didn't help that there was an incomplete party of about 12-15 guys who were seated inside and the servers seemed to be more concerned with taking their drink orders & serving them, than greeting or paying attention to any of the outdoor tables.  There was another table across from us that had been there prior to us, who also did not receive any attention or have their order taken while we were there.  After another 5 minutes, we called 2 places down the street and decided to leave... as they had finally decided to greet the table across from us at this point, then walked away AGAIN without even acknowledging us.   WORST SERVICE EVERRRR!!! We walked out without even an apology from the hostess who knew exactly how long we had waited and didn't seem the slightest bit shocked.  Alas, we had a lovely meal at Prime Italian down the street and honestly would recommend that place as a better option.  It was so appalling that when we went back to our hotel, I even informed the concierge of our experience to warn him against recommending it to other guests.
If you don't care about the taste of your food or the price of your meal this place is great only because of the atmosphere. Overall:Underwhelmed! Mediocre food. Offered a bottle of Reisling. The only Reisling on the menu was priced at $35. The one offered that was not on the menu was surprisingly $70. You find out the price only after you receive your bill. A little shady if you ask me.
the ambience and decor were very miami-esque. loved everything about this place. continuing with our miami adventures, we stumbled upon The Local House for a late brunch after a long night painting the town red. it's a cool spot on the corner of Ocean- very classy with their whiteout ambience: from the white bookshelves, ceiling fans, bar, window panes, tables, chairs, booths. it's all elegant. i like that there was outside seating and inside seating close to the bar. we were seated very quickly. everywhere you look was an intimate vibe. definitely a place to bring a Ladyfriend or significant other. another reason: their cocktails and bottomless mimosas! pretty much everything on their menu looked tasty, from the stuffed dates and ceviche to their gelato and bread pudding. you'll enjoy easing into the new day a little late here at this spot. -civilities.
With an oceanside feel to this casual brunch spot, it provides for an A-OK kind of establishment.  All the folks that work here except the manager clearly exhibit years of service.  Overall a great place to hang out and be the ones to soak in the locals. This spot paints the perfect seashell white and turquoise/aquamarine color combination for an ultimate getaway or vacation.
Just what I was looking for.  A great place for brunch where I could relax and not worry about the being cool or rich or old or just plain tired.  No one here cares about that.  its just laid back, relaxed restaurant with great food and good service.  Went for Sunday brunch.  Booked which was a charm as by 1230 there was a line.  The restaurant is attached to a small boutique hotel has seats inside and out and even couches outside!  Small bar with a few stools compliments the internal space.  Classic brunch menu but unusual good food.  The french toast was sweet and rich and the bacon crunchy but not brittle.  Pancakes and fruit plate were all eaten and praised.  Endless fresh coffee and a nice spicy bloody mary. So if you want a great brunch without the SOBE BS then this is the place for you.  If you can park locally do that as the valet is a disaster.
Wonderful atmosphere. Rich, lovely food.
The 3 stars is for space. Its cute. Outside seating good for people watching. Food is meh. Nothing that drives your buds to come back. They do have bottomless mimosas for brunch & that is its highest accolade. The hotel however is a must retreat in. Use the loaner surf boards & host your own ping pong party!
This was just splendid.  The service was so great.  I really wished I remember our server's name - he was one of the best ones I have ever had in my life.  Everything was delicious too and we got pretty much everything on the menu.  The fries with truffle alioi was great, the stuffed dates, and the seafood risotto!  It's made with squid ink which freaked me out at first know I am eating bodily fluids expelled as a defense mechanism, but it was AMAZIMG!   They had the best oysters too.  They were Florida oysters so it was nice and sweet, unlike the ones from the west coast or Blue Point oysters. They get fresh shipments everyday,, so supplies do last.  I would go earlier in the evening so you can reorder and reorder and reorder ;) The only thing I do not like about this place is that it is way too fragrant.   I don't know it is candles or potpourri  or etc, but whatever it was did start to give me a crippling migraine.  But that can be fixed with outside seating ;)
I have to say this was one of my favorite dining experiences. My husband wanted to go to Joes but I wanted something a bit smaller and local ( more intimate). Upon arriving we were greeted by a beautiful French woman who was very accomadating especially since we decided to move from outside to in. (Oh yes they have a lovely patio that is tastefully done and even though on Ocean Drive is not in the hustle and bustle). The decor is a beach theme BUT not tacky at all. Soft blues with white wash tables and linen chairs. The inside is small but not cramped. Now the important part...the food. It was wonderful. Portions were perfect. We had the mahi tacos, oysters, grouper sliders  and some other sides. YUMMY! The food was not pretentious and was done perfectly. We also got dessert- the apple cheesecake was amazing! The entire staff was extremely friendly which sometimes is hard to find in South Beach.  I highly recommend this place especially if you would like a break from the crowded loud spaces on Ocean Drive and Lincoln Avenue. Five stars from the staff,  food,  music and decor!
My spouse and I were very excited to try this place. We live in the SoFi neighborhood and have walked past the restaurant a number of times. Having seen all the positive reviews on Yelp we decided to give it a try. A close friend of ours came down from New York and was staying with us. We decided to give the place a try, made a reservation for 3 and headed over. When we got there, we were greeted by an unapologetic hostess telling us that she would not be able to honor our reservation. She said that the restaurant could not be expected to honor a reservation on a Friday night. She said that if we wanted we could have a seat by the bar and wait until a table opened up. She acted like it was our fault and we were being completely unreasonable. As we were all starving and embarrassed that this had happened in front of our friend, we decided to leave. We left and found a table without a reservation at a place nearby. After leaving I even checked on OpenTable and they had reservations available all night in 15min increments.
I'm giving this place two stars because...well one just looks like I'm being unfair. I was trying to find a new brunch spot and after reading all the reviews saying this place was "not your normal south beach restaurant" I decided to give it a go. My boyfriend and I walk up to the bar to have a drink while we wait on a table outside. They have all these LARGE pictures of different types of cocktails on the wall with the ingredients. So I see a drink I like and order... The bartenders gives me this crazy look like I just spoke Spanish to him (he was fighting on the phone with someone saying over and over again "bro I don't speak Spanish...English only English only") so he replies to me "Uhhh yeaaaaah I don't make those drinks". I'm sorry, didn't realize with your full bar behind you, you couldn't whip me up a simple mint julep...because powdered sugar, mint leaves, ice and bourbon whiskey is impossible to find. Whatever, I order some crappy cliche drink off the brunch cocktail menu. Finally we get our table outside...aaaaand it's probably the most uncomfortable table ever. Like they went to Home Depot and said "yes I'd like your most awkward dinning table ever please". So we order one dish because by this time I'm pretty much over this "south beach gem". Didn't even eat because our one small dish took longer than 25 minutes. We let the hostess know we were rolling out and yelled "nos vemos nunca!!" To the bartender.
Love the decor!! Feels like you're in your friend's beach house. Very stylish bookcase separates the dining room from a lounge. Brunch, lunch, dinner- it's all good! Brunch- try the banana French toast with caramelized bananas or the crab cake eggs Benedict. For lunch try the chicken Blt or the burger. Overall amazing place with great service too!
My favorite local brunch spot for dining al fresco!  Good food, service, and ambiance.
Amazing service and ambiance! We were able to lay back on couches and order bottles of prosecco and appetizers. We had goat cheese croquettes and lamb sliders: delicious! A quiet area, but still able to people watch the craziness of sobe.
I started out going to Joe's, but they had a 3 hour wait!!!  I decided to leave, so I started walking and checking out  different places.  I came upon The Local House and the staff really made me feel at home.  I tried the seafood risotto, the bacon wrapped dates, the chocco beef, and the crab cake.  OMG!  talk about flavors exploding in your mouth!  One dish was as tasty as the next.  I eat out often and love it when I find a place that is just so tasteful.  I recommend it!   The chef even came out to talk to me and the 3 girls working made me feel like family.  What a great find, you won't be disappointed.   Semper Fi, Bismarck
OMG! Thanks to Yelpers for leading us here. We were at a museum & very hungry. The Local House was superb! I had the perfectly prepared Shrimp & Asparagus Risotto - great flavor & texture! The complimentary 'toasts' with some kind of Bruschetta-ish dipping sauce was fair. We have to come back for Brunch & the Mac 'n cheese with bacon @/or truffles. Fabulous food. Not cheap, but reasonable compared to the mediocre overpriced restaurants in the area. Very relaxed & pretty setting, eager & earnest service. Lovely white linen table cloths, seating outside or in, with high-backed pillow-strewn banquettes and sturdy chairs surrounded by draped cloth as in a chic island cafe. $4.00 for a soda, though, takes 1-star away for me. Also, be warned!! They add an 18% gratuity to your bill, but don't TELL YOU! We would have tipped 20%, & did! (The reason is that most Europeans don't tip the same as we do - it's included in the price of the food, & the waiters in South Beach get stiffed a lot of times!) So there's my first review. I added more 4-hours after we ate because I'm still thinking about the risotto!
Very confused at previous reviews. The meal was middling at best. Limp dick fries, a grouper sandwich with a puzzling flavor profile. My lamb slider was decent and the savior of the meal was cheap sparkling water and a sub of polenta fries. The kicker? Half frozen melon balls in our salad. Come on. We're not the filthy rich Europeans that flock to south beach. Our money was wasted.
Gonna be a long one fair warning! Let me begin by our first experience here. We are from New Jersey and having been out first time in Miami beach we put trusty old yelp to the test. When we arrived to the restaurant, which happens to be about a 2 minute walk from our hotel, we found ourselves entering into a place that seemed rustic, modern, chic. The music was lovely and calm, the staff was exceptional and the food was beyond phenomenal. My boyfriend and I are total foodies and we eat out ALOT. This was by far the best food we have had on our trip. That being said, it was a wonderful experience we left full belly, completely satisfied, and in a great mood. The following evening we wanted to be adventurous and try something new. We walked up and down the strip and stopped at every restaurant on the way only to find ourselves walking all the way back to The Local House. When we arrived we were warmed welcomed by a beautiful tall French women (who could be a model) named Sandrine. Right away Sandrine recognized us, welcomed us back and when we were seated she unexpectedly brought over two complimentary flutes of Prosecco, and thanked us for coming back, then proceeded to bring us a complimentary appetizer of pita and hummus, which both were delicious. If that doesn't scream exceptional service, than I don't know what does. We were blown away, the main reason we had come back was for the outstanding food! Once we were seated out waiter Srdan (Sergio) was sooooo friendly and attentive it was wonderful. He was knowledgeable about all the dishes on the menu, and gave me the recommendation of the shrimp risotto. It was to die for. Best dish I have had during my stay here in Florida. And risotto is no easy task to make. Usually a flop, not this, this was good 'till the last bite. Srdan and Sandrine made our experience so personable we felt like they were friends to us, not just serving us food. Srdan even took the time to show us how to spell our names in his native language! Overall it was an AMAZING, beyond exceptional, experience and we will be returning when we are back in Miami and will be recommending to all our friends.
Two stars for two reasons. First, our "waiter" was the bartender. He did not know the menu but why should he, he is the bartender. Any questions asked regarding the food he responded "one moment while I go ask the chef." Our water went empty numerous times and we had to pour our own wine. All because we did not have a waiter. Second reason for two stars is because the Internet shut down & they lost all food orders and could not give customers their checks. We sat for 1.5 hours WITHOUT food after our order was placed. No explanation or apology. After realizing something was wrong we asked and they explained the computer system was shut down. There were A LOT of comped meal and some even left without paying. It was madness and not handled properly by the coward owner. However, the food was good. We got our meal for 50% off. Very poor leadership. Hope they resolve the Internet issues or this place will not last long. Disappointing.
I am very torn about Local House. While the food was delicious, my husband and I left with a bad taste in our mouth. Let me explain. First, the food. AWE-SOME. So, so delicious. And fresh. You could tell that everything was carefully crafted. I started with the tuna sliders, which were incredibly. My husband got the octopus. It was a tad crispy for our liking, but I loved the lentils. For our mains, he got the seafood stew. Everything was fresh and the broth was so good. I got the grilled grouper sandwich. Mmmm. No complaints about the food. However, the service. ::sigh:: The service was horrible. We were sitting for about 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. Then our waiter came over and said he'd be right with us. OK. Came and took our drink orders. Didn't see him for another 10 minutes. Ordered our starters. He didn't even come back to ask for our entree order until we were halfway done with our appetizers. He never came to ask how our food was. Not once. Through both courses. We weren't full after dinner and were planning on getting dessert, but we sat for 20 minutes with no one even recognizing us. So we're like screw it. Asked a different waiter for the check, paid and left. It was some of the worst service I have ever had. Worst of all, when it came time to pay, we saw that they had included an 18 percent gratuity. WHAT. I have never seen that when you have a group of less than 6 people. My husband wanted to leave negative tip to try and remedy it. But no. Would I return to Local House if I am ever back in Miami? The jury is still out.
Elegant casual decor right off the beach. Good food. Great spot for a quick bite in the sunshine.
Checked out this place last night with some girlfriends and felt it was just ok. I ordered the ceviche which looked more like a seafood salad with mayo. I also ordered the smoked Gouda Mac and cheese which was delicious. This place as a lot of potential with some great items on the menu. They just need to work out a few of the dishes and they'll be all set.
Vastly overrated. Nice atmosphere, but food was less than great. Average at best, main item was good with sides being an afterthought. No continuity at all. Oysters were not disconnected from abductor muscle, octopus was ok, set not complementary, ceviche just ok (plantains were stale). Grouper sliders were average, truffle fries rocked, Branzino was cooked very well, sided were an obvious afterthought. Good service and a great atmosphere.
Went here for breakfast and had the crab cake benedict. It was very delicious and prepared just right. Everything was fresh, spinach wasn't too wilted and tomatoes were juicy. Crab cake had little or no fillers and not salty. Side of salted crunchy potatoes was a nice touch. Service was great.
The place is really nice, small and cozy. The food is OK (nothing spectacular), and the portions are small and overpriced: I ordered scallops ($26), and the plate consisted of 3 scallops, spinach and an average salad. I won't come back, or maybe just for a drink at the bar.
Sunday brunch at the Local House was a delight. The menu has some interesting items that are more than just twists on the same old thing, and the selections we made were excellent. Eggs prepared just as we requested, wonderful flavors, nice presentation. The service, from the hostess' greeting through the meal was attentive yet not at all obtrusive. And the vibe of the place was relaxed and casual, but not too much so. One of the nicest things about the place is that it's a couple of blocks south of the garish tourist traps of South Beach.  Definitely a repeat and recommended.
I are here for lunch. I love the decoration and feel of the place. I tried the oysters which were fresh. My favorite dish was the Goat cheese croquette which I ordered a second portion of because it was so good ! The drinks are good too I had a cocktail that had rum, passion fruit and jalapeño, it was very tasty!
Food OK. FYI Don't use any credit cards any where in Miami!!!! Trust me...... Trust me!!! I can't say I wasn't warned.
I'm so thankful to have found this here on Yelp. What a lovely brunch spot. The Monday morning atmosphere was quiet and peaceful. Service was top notch. Great decor and overall feel was stylish beachy. Wonderful and comfortable. For our meals...I ordered the Braised Beef and my husband ordered the Ocean Benedict. The beef in my dish was cooked to perfection. And the polenta cakes with goat cheese were the perfect compliment. To be honest, I could have skipped the eggs, only the yolks added to the overall dish. But without the eggs I suppose it would have made it less of a brunch item. The Benedict was amazing, says my husband. He nearly licked his plate. The sauce was creamy and buttery with extra parsley that was surprisingly useful. Coffee was perfectly European. Bellini was not very sweet but hit the spot.  We're looking forward to another visit here soon.
Local House is perfect!  Great food, fantastic (and very attractive) staff, excellent drinks.  It  looks like an upscale beach shack (think Hamptons) and delivers excellent food at reasonable prices.  Excellent happy hour also!
This place is an ABSOLUTE 5+! The ambiance is sooooo nice!  It's more quiet, refreshing, and exactly what anyone needs when vacationing like us out here in South Beach Miami! We are first-timers here and WILL definitely be back!   Fresh drinks, excellent refine portion sizes, and the can't say enough GREAT things about the service!  JC took amazing care of us and we will request him on our next visit!  He was able to bring out a new drink not yet on the menu, and it was an instant favorite for us (the "new old fashioned")!  Thanks sooo much for the recommendation! We found this restaurant on yelp and just wanted to give an update that this place is still setting the bar super high at 5+ stars!
Great food, great service. We wanted seafood, searched yelp, and were so happy we found Local House - classy, just down from the rowdy restaurants, a place all its own. I'd go there again and recommend it to anyone not familiar with all the choices for dinner in South Beach.
One of my favorites spots for breakfast and brunch. Always great service and high quality food.
Great food; we had the pan seared chicken which was juicy, and the branzino fish which was white and flaky to perfection. Wonderful service from the moment we walked up. JC was a great bartender, the drinks were mixed impeccably. A cozy little spot with a nice ambiance. The service was fast and we will come back if ever in Miami!
loved this place! the food was very good. I got the classic Benedict for brunch- $11, it was very tasty, eggs poached perfectly and not too much hollandaise.  date got a bloody mary which he said was great. they serve Lavazza coffee. service was wonderful, and the place is absolutely gorgeous.  it looks like a magazine!
Went on a Sunday evening. . It was good for South beach. Touristy not a vibe or scene. Quite.. .sat outside..you can bring your dogs which is nice. Had a seafood sampler. It was decent.  Ceviche w coconut really good and truffle mac & cheese side stood out. Good cocktail list.
Have to downgrade from my previous review.  Granted everything in SoFi is geared towards tourism, however this was one place that didn't feel the need to "go there".  Despite being located in a tourist hotel, they used to have great oysters at a really good price and a good wine list.  It was our weekend go to spot for escaping the hectic South Beach in the 16s.  Today the oysters are overpriced and they just tried the oldest bait and switch on the wine (offering the most expensive bottle because they were "out" of the one we ordered).  I am so sad that it isn't worth the walk down here any more.  Food is still good, but offered at tourist premium.  Meh.
I am definitely a fan of this cozy little spot on the corner of 4th and Collins. We came in on a chilly Sunday afternoon for a late brunch and were seated promptly. The entire resturant fits into the boutique hotels front lobby with a bar, a few booths and tables outside. And surprisingly enough it was a peaceful little joint... almost like something you would expect in West Palm not in the middle of South Beach. I didnt order anything special just egg whites, lox and toast. Not bad. My brunch buddy had the french toast which was very good and the chorizo dish which was just ok. Our order did take about an hour to arrive which for such a tiny resturant I expected it to come quicker. I had a very nice dry white wine and enjoyed the peaceful ambiance until our food finally came. We used the yelp deal that worked out great especially for the auto grat which Im getting used to here on the beach. Service was fine, ambiance was great. We will definantly return and cant wait to come back for dinner.
Perfect place on Ocean Drive! We stayed in South Beach on a Friday night, the last night of our vacation.   Found The Local House on yelp and liked the reviews so we decided to try it.  It was a cute, quiet, and fun restaurant.  We sat outside and enjoyed the ambiance and fresh air.  I ordered the Branzino, which was Amazing!  The fish was fresh and flaky, I Loved it!  Inside was clean and elegant, designed in a beach theme with awesome Barbie pictures on the wall.  Defiantly would go back, if your looking for something delicious and not to crazy on Ocean Drive this is the place to go.
as we were seated at the table a sense of we are in a good place was felt. New place but service was good while the staff is still trying to find there stride but attentive and it was appreciated. we had a table of six and jaunted  through the menu. i had the scallops and they were wonderfully cooked. we shared a lot at the table and everything was very constantly good. well i hope this becomes the norm. very nice meal and a pretty place to enjoy the meal. i will be back.
We went here for dinner on the last night of our stay in Miami and I was so glad we did!  This is such a cozy little place, my ideal setting to get away from the main stream craziness.  We started out with some amazing cocktails made by Gabriel.  We sat at an outside table as it was a lovely night and started off with some oysters and an order of the bacon wrapped dates.  Let me start by saying we ended up getting another order of dates for dessert!  The shrimp carbonara was our other favorite dish, it was creamy yet light, with great flavor.  Tim the exec chef stopped outside to chat with us and I found out he is from where I grew up!  Small world.  He also so kindly sent us an amazing bread pudding dessert, which we graciously enjoyed despite gorging ourselves on the rest of the menu. Overall, this place had great cocktails, food, service, and a lovely atmosphere, what more could you ask for?? When I come to Miami again I will most certainly be back.  Thank you for a lovely night!
Really cool spot just south of the real South Beach craziness.  You will not find a neon colored fishbowl here, but you can get a killer mason jar mojito.  Excellent drinks and service.
Great food at reasonable prices. Awsome decor and live singer on saturday.
Having been to Miami many times, I pretty much figured that all of my good meals would be coming from some tiny Cuban hole in the wall where nobody spoke English OR I would have to pay an arm and a leg to get some type of service. The Local House surpasses ALL of my expectations. Actually let me rephrase that I had no expectations when going to the Local House because my gaggle of bridesmaids took me to the restaurant without telling me anything. As a girl who works for Yelp for a living this both frightened and excited me. I am happy to report that my girls DONE RIGHT. Everything from the ambiance, food and service was absolutely dead on amazing...and I'm a picky girl! Here is the low down of what I tried: Complimentary champagne - Before I even had a chance to take a look at the menu, the waiters were already popping bottles of champagne for our entire group. It could have been Andre for all I cared (it wasn't!) but what a wonderful touch. Complimentary bread and eggplant tapanade - Thick, crusty, buttery bread with the best eggplant dip I've ever had in my life. I would have ordered this as my meal if I could have! Smoke gouda mac and cheese - Shells FTW! This is my favorite type of pasta because the cheese gets stuck in the inside crevices and lordy, lordy was this good. Black seafood risotto - (Read this next line in the Kool Aid Man voice) OHHHH YEAHHHHH! The combination of squid ink, citrus burst, cheese, and whatever type of black magic they put in their was Flavor-i-cious. Did I just invent a new word? Why yes I did but it was THAT GOOD. Pan seared Branzino - Wow, what a hefty piece of fish! Flaky and delicious and note a bone on it at all. I'm definitely adding branzino to my favorite fish list. Complimentary chocolate cake - As if they couldn't made me feel more like a princess they topped it off with a wonderful chocolatey, velvety smooth cake. So rich and indulgent. The upscale beach house ambiance peppered with images of vintage Barbies is perfect for taking group images with your girlfriends (because really, isnt' that all we want at the end of the day?). Awesome cocktails. Great photos. Great food. Great service. I quite honestly don't think I've ever liked a restaurant as much as I like this one. I would give this place six stars if I could.
Beautiful, casual restaurant with delicious, light food options.  My friends & I went for dinner Friday night then returned Saturday for pre-dinner drinks because the cocktails & service were so stellar.  Also, a great outdoor seating area.
I LOVED my visit to The Local House. Having never been to Miami before, I picked this restaurant based on Yelp reviews for one of my best friend's bachelorette parties. First of all, the restaurant is intimate, and not "scene-y" like a lot of other places in town. The decor is what I would call "refined beach chic". When the nine of us arrived on a Saturday night, we basically had the inside of the restaurant to ourselves (there were diners outside as it was a lovely night). The owner immediately made us feel welcome-he told us that the Local House was our house. There was piano in the back that we could play and books to read. Now on to the food, drinks and service. The service was impeccable! They immediately brought a complimentary bottle of champagne to the table for our bachelorette and the waitress and bartender were attentive throughout our entire meal. The drinks and food were delicious-there were no disappointing items out of everything we tried, which included the fried goat cheese, burrata, bacon wrapped dates, seared scallops, crab cakes....and the list goes on. All in all I would give this place an A++ and I will definitely visit next time I'm in town!
Pricy. Otherwise a very cool vibe. Nice drinks. Starters were delicious. Staff was great, helpful, and friendly. If I could afford to, I'd be here all the time. I can't afford to.
South beach at its best. Great food, perfect ambiance, skilled mixology, and the best service you could ask for.
Great spot.  Excellent food & service.  :)
I chose to check out The Local House a couple Sundays ago for Brunch with a friend in town after having read many fantastic reviews regarding the food, service, and price. I'm sorry to say that I did not have a pleasurable experience. The restaurant itself is very nice and charming, and pleasantly understated for a Miami Beach place. I sat down with great expectations, but unfortunately my chair wasn't prepared for my 150lb frame, as it broke underneath my weight. No big deal; it was funny. My friend and I both ordered the eggs benedict, he the crab cakes and I the salmon. I had a bloody mary to drink and he had a couple negronis. The drinks were good, but unfortunately both of our eggs were completely and totally overcooked. After about 5 minutes of politely trying to get our waiter's attention, we finally had to raise our voices to call attention to ourselves. He took away our plates and after a few minutes brought us attempt number 2. The eggs were still a bit overcooked, but well within the acceptable range, so we ate without complaint. In all fairness I should point out that the service offered by the young food runner, I believe he introduced himself to the table next to us as stefan, was top notch. Our waiter also brought us a complementary portion of potatoes without a word. After bringing us our food a second time, we never really saw our waiter again until I gave him my credit card on the way to the bathroom so we could pay our tab. The thing that really brought me to write this review, other than the less than attentive service and the overcooked food, was the fact that we were charged above menu price for our drinks, and our check was gratted. Our waiter, clearly not content to let his less than stellar service and our overcooked food determine his tip, decided to add 18% gratuity to our $91 check. When I found the manager, seated and chatting with a table that was likely full of his friends in the corner of the porch, he claimed to have no idea that our food had been sent back or that our waiter had added gratuity to our check. Based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews here on yelp, I likely had an uncommon experience at The Local House. I, however, will not be returning.
The lamb sliders are a must!! The tuna was amazing as well!!!! I wasn't too crazy with the macaroni. Well worth the visit!
Service great, ambiance great, taste of food great, the only reason why this place isn't getting 5 stars?????  My chicken filled about a third of the bun. It felt like today was "save chicken day". It was very disappointing to get a piece of chicken so small.
Great local spot with a fabulous atmosphere. Brunch is ideal with bottomless mimosas, multiple types of Eggs Benedict and the most delicious bacon wrapped stuffed dates. Behold on carnivorous heart...date, wrapped in bacon, filled with jalepeño cheese. A must try for locals and tourists alike.
Good food great service and loved the bottle mimosa brunch. Perfect spot to relax on Sunday! Eggs Benny were pretty good. Micky took care of us.
My wife and I stopped by with no reservations on a Sunday evening.   We loved the atmosphere of the restaurant.   The wait staff was efficient if not overly friendly.    The food was very good as were the drinks.   Not great, but well above average. On the downside, they had many tables reserved and in some cases people never showed up during our 90 minutes there.    Also, they were out of oysters, which is a pretty big part of their menu. We would go again, but probably not put it on the high rotation list.
Decent seafood, decent service. Strongly recommend to everyone, especially those look for quality over quantity.
I loved this restaurant. Everything was excellent from the very beginning to the very end. The design of the place was beautiful, it reminded me a beach house. The wait stuff was very welcoming. Gabriel, our server, gave us some great recommendations on the menu, so we decided to go with Arugula and Strawberry salad, Grill Octopus and Double cut Hunger Steak--it was the best choice!!!! I highly recommend to try the Octopus it's out of this world!!! We finished our dinner with the dessert special--Cereal Panna Cotta, my boyfriend absolutely loved it, as a matter of fact nothing could take away his attention from the dessert. Very special place!!!! Highly recommend it!!!!
so I've been waiting 1 hour and 30 minutes for my steak and eggs in a empty restaurant.  yay
This was decent for South Beach, but pretty average by normal standards. The crabcake was the worst I've ever tasted; 95% breading - literally. Shrimp were fine, and the drinks were decent. Not worth the money, but less annoying than other places on Ocean.
Great food, drinks, environment, and excellent staff. Thank you for the great service Elizabeth and Sergei
Best Eggs Benedict!
I had a fantastic time at The Local house for brunch! The ambiance is beach-y and adorable. We sat outside on a beautiful day with a large group and the service was fantastic. The bottomless mimosas were a great deal and kept flowing. On top of all that, the food was delicious. The eggs Benedict were some of the eBay I've ever had. I'll certainly be back.
It had a rather eclectic menu, which suited our dinner party. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed the entree that they picked. It was also a little off the beaten path and so more relaxing. We felt it was a good deal for the money, too.
Went for dinner with friends. The food was delicious. The bacon wrapped dates, calamari, and mac & cheese were enjoyed by everyone at the table. Our server boasted that the bartender just won an award or recognition for his drinks, but I was not impressed by the cocktails.  The best part about going to TLH is that the music is kept at a reasonable volume so everyone at the table was able to converse without having to shout or miss anything. If you are on South Beach, I definitely recommend this restaurant.
We decided to go to The Local House last night.  We'd been there before for dinner and loved food, the location (a beautiful hotel on Ocean Drive but away from the usual madness), the decor, and the ambiance.  We had already eaten dinner at home but wanted someplace cozy and quiet for a quick drink.   Then, after looking at the menu and remembering the delicious food we'd had before, we said "why not?" and ordered the shishito peppers to go with our martinis.  Then, we ordered a dozen of the raw oysters to go with another shared martini.  Finally, the very talented chef, offered us a taste of a new lamb ragu pasta which will be put on the menu shortly - it was outstanding.  Another group of about six people were talking about the black risotto (which tempted me) but I didn't think I'd forgive myself if I ate another bite.   This place has everything:  the food is innovative and delicious, the atmosphere is great, the bartender is talented, the service is helpful and unobtrusive.  A gem in the South of Fifth neighborhood.
This place was great. They have very convenient hours and a great staff. The food is very affordable and the atmosphere is great. The morning I went, the music was on point the entire time. When it eventually became nice outside, they even let us relocate outside. I recommend to anyone on South Beach!
Our favorite place for brunch on the weekend. Great food and reasonable prices which is hard to find in SoFi. Truly a locals hangout with great service. Also dog friendly with the outdoor seating area.
Great find amidst a sea of sameness!  Located in a quieter part of ocean ave and a quick walk to the boardwalk for an evening stroll.  The pan seared brazino was definitely the star.  Everything that came with it was a perfect compliment to the buttery flaky delicious fish.  Tried the coconut milk ceviche...yum! And even the tomato chutney that came with the toasted bread pieces was Delish.   It took awhile for the check to arrive...it seemed like there was too much staff when I sat down and no one left when it was time to go!  Also would love if the food could be described to me when it arrives instead of me asking "ooh, what's this?"
Cute little gem on Ocean Drive with great service and nice atmosphere.  Came here on a Saturday night with my hubby, it was nice and cool so we sat outside so we could people watch. We couldn't really decide what to have so i opted for appetizers and he had an entree.  I started with the calamari, dates, and pasta carbonara all 3 were delish and my hubby had the chicken with fried pasta ( very small portioned for the price.)  To my surprise we actually got full with what we ordered.    Definitely would like to try brunch some other time.
Amazing place...great service by JC!  The food was delicious and the mixologist Alessandro is amazing.  Great local place
Finally a place with that has great drinks, awesome dishes and reasonable prices.  Super stoked about only being 3 blocks from this place and just far enough from all the touristy bullshit (see anything above 6th street).
This is hands down one of the better places to eat on Miami Beach. We went there for lunch and were amazed to see very few tourists on a weekend. We ordered Bellinis and Manhattans to drink which were flavorful and fresh (although we had to explain our server how to make them as there was no bartender there). We ordered mussels and a veggie sandwich. Let me just say the mussels were a-m-a-z-i-n-g!!!! They prepared them in a delicious broth with onions and sausage and my god they were fantastic. It was made even better by the fact that they served it with crunchy baguette bread to sop up the broth. In typical sobe fashion it was very pricey but in my opinion worth the $$.
I have never been to a restaurant with this caliber of service. Period. Everything about The Local House left me with the biggest smile across my face. The interior is simply gorgeous. Located just off of the beach at the southern tip of Ocean Drive, this place is an absolute hidden gem that a friend and I stumbled across. It is 10000% worth trekking past all of the gimmicky restaurants that aggressively and annoyingly try and suck you into sitting with them all along Ocean Drive. We came during their "sunset" dinner menu. But before tasting anything, the waitstaff and bartender are THE friendliest, most bubbly people we have met since being in Miami. Very professional, entertaining, warm, and hospitable. I felt as if I was being invited into someone's home for a wonderful dinner party...part of which is why the interior felt like a beautifully decorated beach home, with artful bookcases, a piano, guitar casually resting in the corner - chic decor! We felt like we were the center of attention, every employee regularly interacting with us...laughing and loving life...Gabrielle told us stories of his mother as he mixed our drinks. Misty was our server, extremely educated, has been in high-end food business for a long time - describes everything beautifully with rich and poetic detail. We talked all about food, region we've been to and that she has worked, chefs, everything. She was even cognizant of these Yelp reviews and commented to us about the one negative review we saw here on Yelp! Let's see another place try and serve a large private party - 65 people, in a 40 person capacity location without a grumpy customer tossed somewhere in there. Take a chill pill, person. Very engaging - the experience of mingling with the staff and meeting the chef significantly enhanced the experience. All were very in tune to satisfying the customer. And all of this before the food came out! I had the smoked Gouda macaroni and cheese, my friend the pan seared branzino (pictures uploaded). Presentation was splendid - every bite was mouthwateringly scrumptious. We didn't want the plate to end - unfortunately it was dwindling down with every bite. So much flavor! We got the flour less chocolate cake for dessert (picture uploaded also) and again it was heavenly. Very rich - no corners cut ANYWHERE! And I mean it. Our waters never fell below 3/4 full. Our napkins always refolded upon returning from the washroom. And they've only been here since 2 months ago or so. They're doing everything right. Keep it up, spread the word. Get tv shows over here ASAP. And value? Such a BARGAIN!!! Every penny worth it without breaking the bank - just depends on how much food you want to keep ordering, because you will want to eat more and more and want to stay longer and longer for the people and ambiance. A++++++++++++++ to all of you. Can't wait to see you soon and bring all of my friends here one at a time. Misty, if you're reading this, thanks for taking my fedora off of the table and temporarily adding it to your bookcase (picture uploaded) - I almost wanted to leave it there because it fit in so well :) Chao!
Really good burgers and drinks (mojitos). I like that it is far enough away from all the craziness on the touristy strip of Ocean. Sit outside on the sofas if it's a nice day, enjoy the breeze and privacy. Bottomless mimosas for $16. The banana pancakes sure looked amazing as well, didn't get to try them this time around, but possibly next time if in the area.
The food was such an excellent surprise from the fare being offered at similar prices up the road on Ocean. The only off note was some awkwardness with the service. Maybe it was just the curse of being a solitary diner that you are treated slightly differently. In any case, the food is excellent and provided in a serene location.
This is a very cute spot with good oysters, service and ambience. I'm rating this lower because I thought the food was a little expensive. We had a tuna taco that was tasty, but way too small for the price. Luckily, we also got to take advantage of a Living Social voucher for the drinks and oysters.
miami has really shitty food...unless you want to fork over  $ $ $ $ ....then you will have both great food and highly ritzy ambiance.  (think Barton G...and its food presentation). The Local House is a refreshing restaurant that fits right in the middle... and is situated on Ocean Drive and underneath a boutique hotel.  Miami needs more restaurants like this.  Reasonably priced,fresh seafood, outdoor seating, and even if you don't want to get bit by mosquitos, the indoor decor is cute as hell....makes you feel as if you were eating right on the beach.  very aquatic & serene indeed.   We went for brunch and were craving oysters. unfortunately, oysters was for dinner time only.  Our last day in Miami, we decided to go balls out and add on the bottomless mimosa.   everything we ordered was spot on. from the ceviche to the crab Benedict.  the eggs were perfectly poached.  the hollandaise sauce  amazing.  i would come back here for dinner the next time i am in town and would highly recommend to others!
i really, really like the local house for brunch. yes its ocean drive but its south of 5th so its way more calm than north of. sit outside on a nice day, its very nice to chill there and be lazy. their brunch menu contains the classics but you could also get crazy and get some fresh oysters if youre into that. prices are ok considering the very attentive and professional service and all of the dishes ive tried here are not only very well presented but the ingredients are grade A. ive yet to try this place for dinner but that is bound to happen sometime soon. this is a great addition to south of 5th!
We stayed at the hotel for a few days and went to the Local House several times. Food was delicious and the drinks and cocktails were amazing. Try the amazing fries and L'Imperatrice cocktail, delish! Gabriele, the Italian bartender, and dining room staff were friendly and very attentive. Prices are typical for South Beach. The restaurant does no have the overly rowdy and louche atmosphere of other eateries on South Beach. Decor is sophisticated and cozy. Highly recommended.
Looked like a cool spot to hit right after getting to Miami and was close to the hotel.... didn't even seem too touristy but it wasn't all that great.  We had the tuni ahi sliders, the local fish stew and the mac and cheese.  The mac and cheese was different bc of the cheese they used.  I enjoyed that the most.... the sliders and the stew I've had better.  I was disappointed and it was pricey, what else can I say.... the outdoor seating is really pretty though!
I have had a great experience at The Local House as I can say I have been there several times and customer service has excelled my expectations every single time. Its service distinguishes itself with its distinct friendliness, welcoming and serviceable atmosphere from the front desk, to the waiters and waitresses to the bartender/manager to the general manager as well as the owner. As soon as you step in you feel welcomed and within a great, relaxed and laid back beach like ambiance with style, let's not forget that. It's not only an awesome cozy place to discover and hangout right across from the beach but they have excellent food, drinks, great prices and you will have the chance to meet and converse with diverse groups of people of different cultures from all over the world that hangout there as well as with locals, ultimately, making it an amazingly spectacular, special and unforgettable experience...location could not be more perfect! It's literally in the heart of South Beach:) Just the other night, I met there with some friends and Gabriel (bartender/manager) gave us the best service ever. Not only was he so attentive to see if we needed more drinks as the night progressed but he was very social and interactive with not only our entire group but customers at other tables as well (It was a full house that night), extroverts are always great in settings like these. He didn't wait for our drinks to get dry, he came and offered us more as we were very pleased and delighted with his customer service skills, we all spoke about it. On top of his great service and friendliness on various occasions, his drinks always taste amazing! It's fascinating how he can change an entire drink with just a hint of another ingredient that meshes well when mixed! He makes the best mojitos ever! On a different night, he made more mojitos but decided to add an extra hint of raspberry which added to its excellence of exotic flavors. Other days, I have tried his martini as well as wine, great all around!:) As far as the food, the first time that I had ever eaten there, there was a chef name Guily. The black seafood risotto which was one of her specialties was delicious. She came out of the kitchen to greet and meet the people located at our table, she explained her specialties in the menu, ultimately, recommending great choices for each and everyone of us which differed in taste. I've been to a vast number of various types and styles of restaurants and by far, the food here surpasses in overall quality in all of South Beach if you ask me. The taste and the presentation itself was top quality, therefore, I would highly recommend The Local House to anyone and everyone. Some of the exquisite dishes that we tried comprised of the chill shrimp, the goat cheese croquets, crispi steak calamari, Guily's crab cake, stuffed dates, oysters and other desserts....all I can say is simply and delicately amazing! Everything was extremely flavorful and delicious, can't really compare it to other restaurants within the vicinity...I felt as if I was eating in another country since food tends to be so much richer in flavor in other places of the world just as it was when I was eating here. I was really impressed! Not to get off topic here but one last note on the more friendly staff topic, Sydney, from the front desk was so friendly and courteous as he is like that all the time. Always find him in a happy, positive mood and with a huge smile on his face that brights up the whole day. He has no problem helping guests and is always willing to attain whatever their necessities are for the day, from booking events, tours, getting them access to the hippest nightclubs in all of South Beach and much more...The general manager, Patricia, came to greet us, acknowledging the guests at the restaurant/bar, she is always so nice, courteous and polite, couldn't have anyone better as general manager. Ciro, the owner, also greeted all the guests acknowledging each and everyone of us which I thought was extremely thoughtful and courteous of his part making everyone feel welcomed and at home with his pleasant smile and personality! You really can't get better staff than this!:) The Local House is truly the greatest, most unique and fascinating gem of South Beach!
The Local House is an absolute priceless gem in Miami. Just as it is written when you walk in the entrance: "Viva la Vita At Local House",  you immediately know that you are not going in as a normal customer in an average restaurant.  You are about to embark on a "Local House" moment by savoring an extraordinary experience in a very special place.   The service was impeccable from the very attentive server Misty, to the friendly manager Gabriel and warm & charming owner Ciro. They will ensure that you are being pampered & taken care of.  I took my good friend to celebrate her 30th birthday here and she was utterly impressed by the A+++ experience. The menu is simple, fresh and combines a concoction of all natural ingredients that together you would never imagine tasting so amazing.  Highly recommended are the goat cheese croquettes which is accompanied by a SPICY GUAVA cream - yep I said Guava...to die for! Also absolutely unforgettable were the stuffed dates with bacon & cheese - they left me speechless.  If you like truffle aioli, the smoked French fries are an absolute must. The calamari salad was fresh and an incredible explosion of the citrus flavors - so spectacular.   Apart from the delicious food and very warm and welcoming staff & management, the Local House is simply a very COOL place to hang out at for cocktails and good conversation. I will definitely be back again and bring an entourage of friends with me.  If you live in Miami, the Local House should definitely be your regular go to spot.  If you're coming as a visitor then a stop at this enticing spot is a MUST in order to live a full Miami experience!
Loved it. What relief from bad food tourist strip. We had the mussels which were a bit small but delicious, the calamari salad with fire roasted artichoke hearts (YUMYUMYUM) and the truffle french fries... oh and the bloodymary's were really good too. The prices were in keeping with a much different location but I was happy to pay it considering what we walked through and saw to get there. Lots of cheap Italian food, being hustled by eastern European girls, while we watched tourists drinking over-sweetened margaritas in glasses the size of their heads..
DO NOT leave south beach without eating at this little GEM. The food is amazing. The atmosphere is beach chic at it's best. Laid back, lovely with an amazing menu. If you appreciate great food prepared with great care, detail and creative flair without being too over the top, then The Local House is for you. The prices are very reasonable and for a "tapas" style the portions are generous. Absolutely a GREAT date spot, awesome after the beach grab a bite spot, and lovely for larger parties (tables of 12). Absolutely try the octopus carpaccio, the melon citrus salad, the ceviche (so fresh and perfectly prepared), stuffed dates, lamb sliders (omg TO DIE FOR) and the goat cheese croquets (with a twist because they are served with this magical heavenly guava cream. I'm a local and I recco this place to both locals and tourists.
Good but not impressive. Seafood stew way too salty. Taste of other dishes were just okay. Two people spent 55 bucks for lunch with two entrees. But the environment was so nice. Decoration very lovely.
Loved this restaurant! Located just in front of our condo while in vacation in South Beach, we sat at the bar, got the best service and attention from the Italian staff!!! We felt like superstars. The food was excellent and the price was just normal for South Beach. Can't wait to go again!!! The bar tender made us a custom made pitcher of Sangria even if it was not on the menu and everything was made from scratch and fresh, makes all the difference!!
Very quaint, in the mix of Miami tourist zone but feels like anything but. Enjoyed our dinner here, however the place was empty (one other table was full).  Service was good considering the place was empty.  The drinks we ordered from the bar were great.  Goat cheese croquetas were tasty, we also had the melon salad (nothing special) and the black linguini.
We decided to go after reading good reviews about this place, We checked out the menu ahead of time and we went specifically for the Oysters.... Unfortunately they were out :( we started with the fried calamari which was tiny and not very good. My husband had the skirt steak which he really enjoyed and I had mussels as my main. The mussels were alright but tiny, appetizer sized.     The atmosphere was very quite, it is a distance from the busy part of Ocean drive, the place is well decorated and clean. Probably better for Brunch, not for large appetites, overall a nice place to see
Despicable!! Unbelievable deplorable service..... Seated for 10 mins without any service....tables seated after us received service before us...totally ignored I guess maybe it was the color of our skin... Will never return
We found this on Yelp. Who can turn down a 4.5 star? This place is amazing. I ordered the Chicken BLT and my husband ordered the pan seared chicken. The presentation was beautiful and the food is flipping fantastic. The restaurant has a very relaxed feel and the employees are friendly. If I lived in Miami, I would eat here all the time.
LOVE this place! Ate here twice during a 4 day vacation. Great atmosphere (try to sit outside on the couches, if you can) and incredible food. The appetizers were all incredible and the fish was so fresh and tasty. I highly recommend going here, but you should likely make a reservation if it's a Friday or Saturday night.
The food was amazing! We had a group of 7 girls and JC, our waiter, was so patient and great. I would definitely recommend this hidden treasure in South Beach!
We had a pleasant meal at the Local House.  I realized that they serve different food for dinner and for brunch, so we probably missed part of cuisine such as bacon wrapped dates.  My favorite brunch dish is the fish sandwich - tender, tasty and rich in roasted vegetables.  The ceviche and tuna tartar are both all right.  The arugula salad is lovely but the portion is a bit small.  I love the simplicity and modernity of the decor.  Lovely spot within the Sense Hotel - beware of the mosquitos in the yard though (I got a few awful bites while attempting to use the hammock).
AMAZING! Great local farm to table food, except for the oysters and salmon, which they told us upfront. Wonderful service. Great atmosphere! We had the goats cheese croquetts and blood orange margarita to start and they were both wonderful. Crab cakes and goats cheese stuffed portabello did not dissapoint. Best food we had in Miami and best service. Dont miss this charming restaurant.
Great food, great ambience, low key atmosphere. Servers are efficient and knowledgeable. Perfect spot for casual meal on patio
Flavor combinations, atmosphere, decor...Top notch and authentic. Enjoy!
Awesome new brunch place on South Beach. If you can get past the angry, emotionless service, the food is great and the bottomless Mimosas are even better.
Food is exquisite!  You must try the tuna and kiwi sashimi.  Endless mimosas and the décor is very relaxing and zen.
Food was good but too many flies!!!!! I had the crab cake benedict which was pretty good . Would come back again.
This was our first time visiting the The Local House while on vacation in Miami Beach and we were so happy to find it! It's a small, clean and crisp restaurant past the touristy places on Ocean Drive. It was late on a Sunday night, so it wasn't crowded at all. Our food was delicious and at a reasonable price for Miami Beach (something very hard to come by)! Another score by searching Yelp!! Will definitely go back  if we're down there again!
The best Mac & Cheese I have ever had.  EVERYTHING was very nice and served by a pleasant & helpful server
This place is awesome.
On the recommendation of Yelpers and some locals I met at a different restaurant, my friend and I had brunch at the Local House. This place is really quite good. We got bottomless mimosas that were very tasty (although I watched the bartender continuously diluting the solution with more OJ as we were there and did not ever open a second bottle of champagne, but it was still good). The place was (surprisingly) completely empty almost the entire time we were there, but the restaurant was beautifully decorated, with a blue ceiling and an upscale but homey decor.I loved that they had recipes for different cocktails all around the bar, very cute.  For breakfast I had the eggs benedict with bacon and it was really delicious. My only complaint about it was that it didn't come with any fruit or potatoes or anything, so it really didn't keep me full for too long. The flavor and preparation was excellent. I would definitely recommend Local House for brunch.
Great food, service & ambience in South Beach!  We were a large group of 18 and they were VERY accommodating, Gabriel & JC are amazing...definitely worth going!
JC is the man, so is gabriel. You cannot find a better place on south beach.
Awesome place!  It looks classy, and is (if anything, maybe it looks too much so...), but with  excellent prices (and excellent food and serivice)-  could be a true locals place for those who discover it.  Better than 99% of the places around here.  Our sever  JC was excellent, which is always so rare in SoBe.  I found this place listed as a bar, but it is actually a fantastic restaurant!  A perfect BISTRO, serving excellent everything, at great prices....
The food at The Local House is really good, with great service and ambiance.  I tried various items from their menu.  My favorite, the smoked gouda Mac N' Cheese.  Creamy, with a perfect crunchy topping.  The calamari salad was fresh and light.  Also loved the goat cheese croquettes with the spicy guava sauce.  That sweetness with a little kick was fantastic.  For dessert I tried the pineapple flan which was light and delicious, and the gluten-free chocolate cake.  I had never had a gluten free cake and it was rich and just perfect.  The service is very attentive and professional.  Our server was Misty and she is fantastic!  The Local House should hold on to her because there's not many servers like that in Miami!
What an awful experience. I really thought I had experienced bottom of the barrel service living on Miami Beach until I went here.  We had a party of nine.  I understand that a table of this size for the meager minded autogratted server can be a problem so we were prepared to wait.  However, there is no excuse for the lack of service or attention that we received.  It was 35 minutes after we sat down before we even had water brought to us.  Another twenty for the drink orders. We finally ordered about an hour after we had been there.  We should have left before we ordered when another patron walked in and read the manager the riot act for the service they had received.  However, the menu looked enticing and we wanted to give the place a chance.  Mistake!  After and hour of being told "your food will be out in 5 minutes", we decided to talk to one of the managers who decided to very loudly explain to us why we were waiting.  Wow! What a lame excuse about being getting hit all at one time.  Mind you being busy all at once is a 62 person establishment. I understand getting busy, but we had waited for 2 hours and we still didn't have our food.  We got up, told them to cancel our order and left. The only thing they did right was not make us pay for any of our drinks and did not argue with us about leaving.  I would NEVER recommend going there for any reason.  You are simply wasting your time.  Do not do it!  You will regret it.
Great local spot. Jose the executive chef is great! Highly recommend the goat cheese croquette! Down the rabbit hole was a nice bourbon drink. We re always looking for new places to eat since we live on the beach. Nice spot and not so pretentious like most Miami spots. Will need to return for $19 bottomless mimosas for brunch.
We had sunrise menu for breakfast. Ocean Benedict for me and steak&egg for my hubby. The deco is nice but the food is just average. No big surprise. Maybe it will be a good place to have a drink for night time.
We had a wonderful time with Gabrielle and his gift of mixology! You won't be disappointed! The ambience is wonderful and the drinks are out of this world.
Best food in a long while!
What a jewel of a restaurant!  Located just enough away from the hub bub of SoBe but close enough to give that vibe.  The food was excellent, the service was outstanding.  The decor of the restaurant and the outside patio were relaxing and welcoming.  I highly recommend The Local House!
Just got off the plane n hella hungry! Drove by this place n decided to try it out. Not disappointed. Food was delicious!  Recommend Branzino, fried octupus, seafood stewand ichi killer for a cocktail. Service was great as well. Also just a block away from the beach.
Amazing place! The food was incredible. We had the Swordfish and Bransino and simply wonderful meals. A must for folks visiting SOBE. Please ask for Elizabeth.....knew the menu and was so attentive. Thanks for making the experience at Local House great.
I am SO SO very happy that my husband found this place for the first night of our Maimi honeymoon! I could go on and on about the food and dessert we had there but there is a common theme among it all! AMAZING! Unbelievable food! Intimate, upscale and beach classy environment. Wonderful service. WHEN I go back to south beach I know where I'm going back to!
The service was great and the chicken greek salad was just perfect.  We also had the tuna wrap and really liked that.
Loved The Local House! Living in the neighborhood, we are so happy to have a quality restaurant like this walking distance away!  The food was delicious, the service excellent and the decor is great!  We enjoyed the live singer today - great place!
DO NOT MISS ThIS PLACE!!!!!!!  Best food in South Beach.  Met the chef and she is Fabulous.  Our waitress Marilyn was AMAZING.  Everything she recommended was perfect..,,although you would be hard pressed to find something bad on the menu.  Price was right and the music could not have been better.  Go GOGO!!!!!
My friend and I ate brunch here recently and had a good experience. It was super convenient since it's a block from the beach. The restaurant had a cool vibe; we sat outside on the patio. We both had biscuits and gravy. The food was good and the wait staff were attentive and friendly. The only frustration was that it took a while to get the check and we were anxious to get to the beach.
By far, the best "new" thing to happen on Miami Beach as far as dining. We love this place and have gone four times (dinner/brunch) in the last 5 weeks. Yes, we consider ourselves regulars.  Can's say enough, all items are great, staff is great, decor is a great. A real gem. Dates wrapped in bacon were one of the best I've had in Miami...... including Sugarcane, and now closed Sra Martinez.
Awesome food at great prices! A gem in Miami Beach
excellent atmosphere.  food was well prepared and just right.  go here if you want to enjoy yourself.
LOVED our lunch at The Local house today. We were exploring the boardwalk and were looking for a brunch/lunch spot in South beach. Yelp did not disappoint and we went off down Collins street bypassing the touristy hotel spots trying to woo patrons in from the street. The Local House is further away from the touristy strip and I preferred that. Decor is beach chic and service was friendly and attentive. Food was reasonable - around $15 -$20 for an entree and about $10 for an appetizer. They also had a lunch pre-fixe we took advantage of, $19 for an appetizer/entree from a set list. All the dishes were amazing. For the two of us we ordered goat cheese croquettes, crispy octopus on a tomato/cucumber/lentil salad, kale and roasted beer salad with blue cheese, and seared salmon with seafood broth and ratatouille. Cocktails were fresh and delicious and were about $12-$13 on average. All around a wonderful lunch in a peaceful setting. Really felt like we were able to enjoy a neighborhood gem!
Just went here for brunch/lunch! The service was absolutely terrible! And of course, they included an 18% automatic tip! I ordered a Bellini and it tasted like straight, dry champagne! I sent it back and ordered another drink! The food took forever to come out and we were only 4 people. My friend got his food and they forgot the English Muffin which took another five minutes to come out. The server clearly didn't care about his job (probably because he gets a tip either way). The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because the food was pretty good. I definitely will never return! So disappointing especially after reading all the positive reviews!
absolutely LOVED this place.  One of the best brunch experiences I've ever had! Sunday Funday was perfect here.  From the time we made our reservations, with Catherine who was so accommodating, to when we took the last sips of our mimosas.  It felt like home, like our own little beach house, a very comfortable place and out waitress was a sweetheart.  Wooden chairs, comfy couches, white and sandy wood everywhere, seashells and little beach ornaments everywhere, it was just the best. I wanted to try something new.  I've grown up and I like eggs sunny side up now, so I ordered The Ocean's Benedict, which is topped with smoke salmon...so refreshing and tasty.  It came with home fries that were seasoned perfectly, crunchy on the outside, tender on the inside.  I tried my friend's banana pancakes and they were good as well, the banana butter I liked a lot! I DEFINITELY recommend this place.  One of my favorite places on my vacation.  It will be a GO-TO place every time I visit SoBe, yes ma'am!
Saw all the 5 star reviews and was excited to try. Called at 10pm to ask if they could seat a party of 2. The hostess told me no problem as long as we arrived by 10:30 pm.  We arrived at 10:15. Hostess told us we could not sit in dining room only the bar area. We go to the bar,which is not crowded.10 mins later we got seated in the dining room. There were more than 10 empty tables so I totally don't understand why were told we could only sit in the bar. Food is mediocre at best. We had the goat cheese croquets which were very good but watermelon salad was tasteless and salmon was nothing special. Mashed potatoes have zero flavor. However the WORST part is the super crappy wine pour. There are so many great places in Miami.....this is NOT one of them. French hostess need to lose her attitude and they need to improve the flavor of the food!
The food was delicious. I had the beef brisket, it was so tender and flavorful. Our server was very nice; however the service was a bit slow. The restaurant is very small but cute. It sits at the bottom of a corner hotel. They also have outside sitting. On Sundays they have bottomless mimosas for about $19. Great place for Sunday brunch.
Quick seating, good food, YUMMY drinks!  I had Sunday brunch here and would definitely go back.
Everything was very tasty, the service was super friendly and the outdoor space was inviting.
Very nice interior. Had the calamari for an app during a lunch and it was fried perfectly. However the fra Diablo sauce it came with wasn't spicey or flavorful. Had the seared tuna sliders which were very tasty and the fries that came with the dish were great. Didn't try much else so I can't speak to the rest of the menu.
Yes my dearest Yelp family, the local is worth a solid four star review for many reasons. My wide and I had just arrived in Miami, checked into our hotel and caught an Uber cab (never ride yellow cabs again) to the Local House as our first idem on our Miami adventure. It was 1:30 and we had our pick of tables so naturally we sat outside in the perfect weather and began to watch folks passing by.  Service was attentive but not overly pesky.  Folks, your in Miami so please remember the further down South beach the more $$ everything  cost. Yes, you even pay for tap water.  The food, service, views and most of all the overall experience is worth the price. We started off with the Ahi Tuna & kiwi that was perfectly balanced in all flavors right down to the small side salad with red and yellow peppers with a splash of fresh japalino peppers. Every morsel was consumed with great expectations of the meal to come. We then had Grouper Sliders that truly represented what a slider should be.  Moist soft buns, pickled onion, and flavorful Grouper filets with hints of red pepper and arugula. Then came the blacken fish tacos. Again over the top in flavor and the avocado mouse was spot on while the pico packed a nice mild hot punch. It was so good that my wife's look of surprise says it all. Take time to visit this place if you find yourself on the end of South beach.
Love the ombionce and the fresh food!
Excellent brunch, service, and atmosphere. A good combination of these three is a rare find on south beach but The Local House was a great find. The mimosas were fantastic as was the food-especially the crab cake Benedict. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
I was very excited about eating here after reading reviews. We placed our order and waited over a half an hour to be served. After seeing other patrons served that came in after us, we finally asked our server Arodi what was going on. He came back with most of our food cold. Apparently,  it must have been sitting somewhere. The bacon was under cooked and I wasn't asked once for a refill on my ice tea. My wife and I travel and eat all over the country at many restaurants, but I must say, this is some of the worst service I've experienced in quite a while. Hopefully this isn't typical,  but I still won't be back.
I absolutely love this little place. The decor inside is charming. The food is elaborate and exciting. Order a Bloody Mary you won't regret it!
The only unfortunate thing was stopping here on our last night in Miami and not earlier in the week. A breath of fresh air (or fresh quality) compared to most of Ocean Dr. The BEST, best drinks around. Stopped here for a drink which turned into 5 after we found out how good they were. It was late and we stopped here on a weekday night. The place was empty so we sat at the bar. The bartender was AWESOME. Amazing drinks, reccomendations, service etc. When I go back these would be my top choices: Down the rabbit hole: Bourbon and muddled raspberries with a touch of mint, lime, ginger ale and sugar. Oyster and Vodka are Up To No Good: These two are surely up to no good but it's just so darn tasty. I will be there: Lemon vodka, fresh blueberries (!!), chambord, a sqeeze of lemon... LOVE this place!!
I absolutely love this place for breakfast. I just went for the first time after hearing a decent amount of buzz about it and I was very impressed. The decor was beautiful and had a rustic/aquatic feel with a touch of glamour. There was only one waitress and she was efficiently doing her rounds around the restaurant whilst giving us excellent service. The food was superb. I had the crab cake benedict which was just awesome!!! It came with a side of potatoes with small peppers and onions, and they were some of the best I've ever had. My boyfriend had the steak and eggs which was very good as well. It was also served with the potatoes and a side of hollandaise sauce. The presentation was perfect and when the bus boy came to clear our plates he was very well spoken and proper. The icing on the cake was the $19 dollar bottomless mimosas. Can't wait to return and try the regular eggs Benedict and banana pancakes which I've heard are amazing as well.
Officially my favorite brunch / lunch place in Miami. Came here on Saturday and came back again on Monday. Can't go wrong with great good, bottomless mimosas (and they do keep them bottomless!) and great service. Jose was the man! Kept us fed and ensured our glasses were never empty. Great great place!
My college girlfriends and I had a little reunion in Miami and The Local House is where we enjoyed our favorite dinner during the trip. The food was so simple, clean, and fresh and executed perfectly. I saw someone else mention something about this place not knowing how to use salt and I kind of get that a little bit but let me explain. That's where the clean and freshness come in. It's not bland food in my opinion but the purpose is to let the taste of the fruits, vegetables, et cetera (I'm a vegetarian) shine on it's own. The cocktails were beyond tasty and I was even impressed that the bartender knew how to make a mean dirty vodka martini. Our one complaint was the macaroni and cheese. It looked amazing but then it tasted like, um, gasoline? Fire? Smoke? We were so confused. The other girls kept eating it since they thought they were all the only ones tasting it so when we told the waitress at the end, she was probably thinking you betches, you just don't want to pay for it. (But if she took a bite and I bet she did, she would GET IT.) There was some kind of annoying big party there when we arrived but in the end, they didn't really bother us and we didn't say anything. We probably bothered other patrons more with our endless picture taking. (Sorry-- so annoying. We know this.) Lastly, the waitress and overall service were beyond amazing. I so wish I knew her name. She was so, so sweet!
South beach, World Cup, live music, brunch, & bottomless mimosas what else could you want!! Such a cute tiny place with amazing service & friendly attentive female bartender! The food is fab! The dates are the best I am pretty sure I've ever had. The steak & eggs are on point and the potatoes were sooo yummy! Love the girl singer/guitarist & the guy playing the odd drums...they are great!! The local house is my new local house but not your typical Miami local house...way better!
The Local House is one of the restaurants my wifey had been wanting to go for some time.  It is a nice looking dining room.  Nice relaxing décor.  The booth was very uncomfortable however.  I had to give my back pillow to the wife so that she could feel somewhat comfortable while seated. Also uncomfortable was the fact that the table next to us, although was outside, was literally right up against the glass, as were we... so we felt we were dining 6 inches from another party the entire night. Finally, it was hot in there.  We asked for them to turn the A/C down but it didn't make much of a difference.  When it turned on it was fine... when it turned off it wasn't. The food experience was uneventful.  I can't remember a single dish I would want to go back for.   The ceviche, calamari, goat cheese croquettes and scallops were all fine... just not great.  Even the mac & cheese was ok.  How can mac & cheese just be ok?!?!?!? For dessert, we ordered them all.  Again, the tiramisu was ok.  I am not a fan of panna cotta so I can't comment.  The  bread pudding and cheesecake were also just ok. We brought a few bottles of wine.  Corkage fee is $35 but is well worth it. With shaky service as well, this place just is not one we will be returning any time soon.
This place was perfect to end my friend's bachelorette weekend with a brunch! We looooved the decor! It was small and quaint inside. It really looked like a house inside. Towards the back was a seating area as if it was the living room! For brunch I had the eggs benedict which was delicious. I like to try eggs benny everywhere I get a chance to. I was not a fan of the seasoning on the potatoes though. It had a smoky taste to it. I love me some potatoes but I sadly did not gobble it all up. Everything else was great though. I had a great time here and I think the bachelorette did too (she was hungover haha)!
Came for brunch and was not disappointed. Fresh fish, I ended up ordering lunch instead, and super tasty Mac and Cheese dish. Cool and modern vibe and good food to boot.
Such a cozy street-side restaurant located on the corner of busy Ocean Avenue. Its homey patio dining and decor is refreshing as it is inviting especially after an awesome boat ride on the bay. Really great place to kick up your feet and down a few drinks with good company. Their food is amazingly fresh. Had a few items off their appetizer menu. My faves were the oysters and calamari. Cocktail menu wasn't so overwhelming but the selections all looked so tasty that it was a little hard to pick a drink. You're probably good with even closing your eyes and pointing - don't think you'd go wrong with any drink. Inside the restaurant made you feel like you just transported to Grandma's heartwarming abode or even a Pottery Barn store. The cool light blue/periwinkle hues instantly makes your worries go away. The calm of the beach and ocean in the ambiance takes over your senses. All five of them. So, so therapeutic. Staff is also very cordial, helpful with suggestions and absolutely accommodating. Do yourself a favor when you're in town and add a bookmark to this restaurant. You can thank me in your review :]
Went for brunch Sunday. Tried to get reservation for 8 but they could only do tables of four and four. That is the only real complaint. Had two tables back to back outside with decent people watching. Had good combo of brunch and lunch staples. The seared tuna with kiwi and jalepeno was great as was the smoked Gouda Mac and Cheese.  The crab cake Benedict's and the braised beef skillet were the top choices from the brunch menu. Bottomless mimosas, Bloody Mary's and the "choke it and see signature cocktails were outstanding!  Food was priced about how you would expect for South Beach.
Though the decor and atmosphere are charming and relaxing, I was pretty disappointed and massively underwhelmed by the food. Service was okay. We got a dozen oysters that were poorly shucked: debris and I had to rip them out with my fork. Plus they already had mignonette on them, which just seems suspicious to me. We also both got the branzino at our servers suggestion, which is definitely overpriced. I would not suggest. Be aware, it's the whole fish plus the tail, but somehow both tiny and very meh. The polenta CAME IN STICKS and tasteless, which seems like they were manufactured. The squash an amateur cook could have made, though it was arguably the tastiest thing on the dish. Also included a mystery tasteless white sauce. Point is, overpriced and would not recommend for dinner.
When trying to find a small, quiet place to dine by myself, I took to the jelps. Sometimes you just want to eat by yourself, enjoy your own company and people watch. No? Maybe it's the only child in me coming out. In any case, after some research, I figured that The Local House would do nicely. I made reservations but I needn't have bothered. When I showed up (7 on a Thursday evening) there wasn't much going on. The dining room is small, white and comfortable. The cozy tables are besotted by a-bit-larger-than-they-need-to-be white chairs but they're oh so comfortable. Butt in good shape, it was time to take care of me belly. I started with the Down The Rabbit Hole cocktail. I figured if it tasted like it was described, it was just what I needed. It was. Bourbon, raspberries, mint, lime, ginger ale, and sugar have never been so potent... and so delicious. Alcohol on, I decided to start with some solid food. The garlic & shrimp app was the suggestion of my polite and well-spoken waiter. It was a perfect suggestion. The shrimp came bathed in garlic, shallots, fennel, cherry tomatoes, and bourbon butter. Yep. Bourbon butter. Not to be outdone by the protein, the crostini that came with the dish was addicting. I don't know how or with what they made that bread but I couldn't get enough. When it was time for dinner, I was all about the goat cheese stuffed portabella. It was my take on being healthy. The cheese & mushroom dish came with romesco sauce, onions, arugula, tomatoes, and chopped walnuts. Despite there being no meat in the dish, I was stuffed by the time I finished it. Adding to my full belly was the Ichi The Killer cocktail I had to accompany the dish. Hey. New meal, new drink. And this drink was perfect. St. Germain, vodka, mint, lime, sugar, and wine can never be a bad thing. I'd like to tell you I stopped there... but I was celebrating a special occasion (yes, by myself) so I opted for dessert despite not being that hungry. The flourless chocolate cake with bourbon-soaked berries (catch a theme?) and vanilla bean whipped cream was worth the stretched stomach pains. While I doubt I'd ever come here with a large party, dining solo or on a date, The Local House is a SoFi destination worth searching out. The attention to detail in service, food and cocktail program make this local gem shine. Don't skip dessert.
Food was so good, service was great! The place is like being in someone's really nice beach house. Would absolutely recommend this to everyone!
Went there for brunch on a Monday. Amazing home fries and iced coffee. I got the Local breakfast with scrambled eggs. Would have enjoyed more than 2 small pieces of bacon. My friend ordered the banana pancakes, they looked a little too dark/burnt. good and fast service for a slow monday, especially since there was only one girl working as the hostess/waitress/bartender.
This place is fantastic. The atmosphere is wonderful and the food was great. I came here with a few girlfriends for brunch. We ordered bottomless mimosas and we never had to wait to get a refill. We had a great experience here and highly recommend it.
I can't say enough good things about this place. Food, atmosphere, service... everything was amazing.
Had I reviewed after my first experience, this would have been hands down a 5 star. However, after much accolades from me and a coworker about how fantastic our service was (we ate at the bar), how delicious the food was and how creative our drinks were...we came back. Unfortunately, when we returned with additional coworkers (we were in town for business), it was mighty disappointing. I'd give it a 5 and a 3 (hence the 4 stars). Let's just be honest, the wait staff leaves much to be desired. There is one bartender who knows what's up, but unfortunately he doesn't work every day. This place is obviously unreliable, because the first time was fan-f-ing-tastic, and the second time it was subpar. I wouldn't return based on that. Head over to Yardbird if you want an outstanding experience.
While it's nice inside, it was a little pretentious... but most of Miami is.  There was a random band taping their music video there while we ate lunch.  They weren't bad, but the fact that they kept playing the same song was annoying.  Food was ok... everything seemed over salted which is odd because I see a review from a few days different than mine that says her food didn't include any salt.  Dunno.
Who knew? There is a place on Ocean Drive besides Prime 112 that doesn't suck. The Local House feels breezy and bright, with a menu that's reasonably priced and has something to offer for everyone. I'd describe it as modern comfort food on the lighter side. Service was great. I very much appreciate the fact that they leave the cold water bottles on the table and keep replacing them constantly, that South Beach sun makes you thirsty! Ask for the $19 fixed price lunch menu. They have it on their website but the waiters don't hand them out. It's a great deal. The goat cheese croquettes are delicious on their own but the spicy guava cream takes them to the next level. You get tangy, salty, sweet and hot all in one tiny bite. The pan seared salmon had a nice sear on the skin side but my piece was so thick that the center was very rare, so rare that it wouldn't flake. I figured what the heck, I eat sushi all the time, it'll be alright. The summer squash in seafood broth was a nice pairing with the heavy salmon. The dessert du jour was my favorite, bread pudding. I expected a small portion, since this was lunch not dinner but they served two generous chunks with vanilla ice cream and something that tasted like goat milk vanilla sauce. Not the best bread pudding I've had in Miami but very nice indeed. I'd come back for brunch in a heartbeat if it weren't for all that noise on Ocean drive. Between the construction vehicles, big red tour buses and Miami Douche Harley riders you are constantly experiencing "hörsturz" (it's German, google it).
I wish I loved this place. I wish brunch was fantastic and I could rave about the booze, the food, the experience buttttt that's not what happened! Brunch got off to a slow start, our waiter took a dreadful amount of time to bring out the first round of mimosas. However my universally interpreted bitch face set him straight and service was pretty on point afterwards. So why the meek review? The food. A miss on every level! We started with the ceviche appetizer. In the interest of full disclosure, I will admit that I am a newbie Suviche regular, so maybe my expectations were a little unrealistic but this ceviche sucked. Pointblank. No way to sugar coat it....Worst ceviche I have ever had. Bland, flavorless and served with three semi soggy plantain chips. Hungry and desperate we asked our waiter for some recommendations. For appetizers he suggested, the calamari, octopus or the stuffed dates. Turned off by the seafood options, we went with the dates (a whisk favorite). Honestly I thought the stuffing was good, a warm goeyy beef and cheese filling. What was bad...very bad was the bacon. Soggy, undercooked and inedible. And that my friends was the end of my Sunday brunch, we downed 2 more mimosas and cut our losses. Beautiful restaurant, poorly executed menu!
Love this place! Food is delicious, staff is professional! Patio and restaurant are beautifully appointed! Sundays can be too busy and a wait for the food. But not a nicer place to wait than Local House. Best yet is the somewhat reasonable prices for Ocean Drive. And the best part of Ocean (south of Fifth) away from the zoo! One of the best burgers in Miami!
I came here for a friends birthday Brunch on a Sunday and I am a huge fan! $19 for bottomless mimosas is a great deal, especially on South Beach. I ordered the Crab Cake Benedict and it was absolutely DELICIOUS. I recommend this dish to everyone, I couldn't get enough of it! My boyfriend ordered the Braised Beef Skillet and it was okay. I definitely picked the better dish. This is a great place to people watch yet its far enough from the craziness on Ocean & 7th-10th street that you can actually hear your own thoughts and have a conversation with the people you are with. The staff was nice but they were mostly foreign. I can't wait to come back!!
Is it a Miami thing not to use salt in any of their dishes? The decor of Local House is simple but lovely. It definitely felt like if were at someones apartment. From the table's centerpiece to the wall paintings, everything had a beach them to it. the lights were really dim inside but for their outside tables they had normal lighting. At first our server was extremely attentive but as our dinner progressed we would see him chatting outside with his colleagues. The hostess also didn't provide the best service. She was not welcoming and although she did find a table for all of us right away, i would of liked for her to give us a warmer greeting. Moving on to the unsalted food... For appetizer we had the lobster mac and cheese with bacon bites. i can say that this was probably the "best" dish of the night. I twas definitely low on salt but the bacon helped a lot to make up for that. For the main course, we had shrimp risotto, salmon, roasted chicken, grilled skirt steak and the pork chop, which was part of the special of the night. The risotto was well done. It had the right amount of cheese and a decent amount of shrimp BUT it didn't have any salt. i ended up having to add salt from the table o that I could actually eat it. Yet, i wasn't motivated enough to finish the dish. Same goes for my friend that ordered salmon over a bed of ratatouille and broth. The salmon had  no flavor at all. The ratatouille was drowned by the broth, that again didn't add any flavor to the salmon. The skirt steak came with french fries and mixed greens. The fires were great, the rest was okay... this okay also applies to the other plates that i mentioned but didn't describe. Overall, I think this place is overrated on Yelp and the main reason why I actually picked this place was because of the reviews.
Food was quite tasty! Chilean sea bass was delightful as was the rib eye steak. However, this place might be a little pricey for the quality. Drinks are expensive, even during happy hour which was a downer. Over all the rating is for the food but maybe it's more of a 3 and half star place overall. Idk maybe I would come here again but not anytime soon.
Excellent service! The place is cozy. It has a nice outside sitting area in the shade. I enjoyed 'all you can drink Mimosas for $19'. Recommend it!
Closer to 3 1/2 rating. Service was quite slow, but thankfully my guests are great company, so conversation kept us from noticing to much. Focaccia style bread was delicious, tasted like it was house made,  but accompanying tomato "tapenade" was like a cold pasta sauce. May have been better if warm. Octopus appetizer with lentils was excellent. I could have made a meal of just that and been very happy.  Bronzino was very good, but mussels lacked flavor.   And bread pudding dessert,  lethal.  Share the indulgent dessert and maybe you'll feel less guilty.
In visiting and stopped by for brunch on Sunday. Good location on Ocean Drive, sat inside to avoid mosquitoes though.  Had crab cake Benedict and was very tasty. Wife had steak and eggs and she loved the potatoes.  Nice place for brunch and would recommend
Great food away from the crowds on Ocean Drive. We tried calamari, polenta, tuna sliders, fish tacos, and mussels--everybody was happy. Portions are right for individuals. Drinks are good too...with interesting names! Ambiance is great too. Prices are good too!
In visiting and stopped by for brunch on Sunday. Good location on Ocean Drive, sat inside to avoid mosquitoes though.  Had crab cake Benedict and was very tasty. Wife had steak and eggs and she loved the potatoes.  Nice place for brunch and would recommend
Great food, great drinks, great service!! Came here our last day in Miami. Blood orange margarita was AMAZING!
Great service and good food for brunch! Sat outside in the patio for Sunday brunch- very relaxing
Pros: Decor is beautiful Great place to relax and people watch. Not surrounded by tourist traps. Nice wine selection Cons: I can only judge the food by the bread and coconut milk ceviche. The bread was okay nothing spectacular, it came with a tasty tomato spread that made the bread taste better. The coconut milk ceviche sounded better than it tasted. It had too many flavors! Ceviche is about enhancing the fish flavors but this plate completely drowned it. The ceviche came with plantains on the side and the menu said it could come crispy but it was definitely not crispy. I told the server how I felt about it and instead of asking if we wanted a fresh plate, he completely disagreed with me and explained why he thought I was wrong. After I repeated how I felt about it, finally he suggested I could get fresh order but with an attitude that didn't make me feel comfortable. I'll try them one more time just because it's a beautiful place but I won't be ordering the ceviche!
Nice little restaruant in the Sofi area of Sobe. A welcome respite from the loud and booming restaurants further down on Ocean Drive (Prime 112, etc.). Good food and a good value. Will definitely be coming back here.  Want to check out their breakfast.
We went to this restaurant for the first time for a birthday dinner and were looking forward to a great experience. The atmosphere was quaint, but modern. It was beautifully decorated with white beach accents and warm candle light  that fit really well in the small space. We first sat at the bar and enjoyed freshly made cocktails with interesting flavor twists.  The Beyond Good & Evil, and the Blood Orange Margarita were memorable. The bartender was this years bartender of the year and it showed. He made each drink with passionate precision and the balance of  flavors  emanated in all of the cocktails we were served. For appetizers we had the Crispy Octopus, the Tuna and Kiwi Sashimi, the Goat Cheese Croquettes, and the Bacon Wrapped Dates. The Crispy Octopus was overcooked and the bed of  lentil heirloom tomato salad it rested on was mostly lentils and unimpressive flavor wise. The Tuna and Kiwi Sashimi had a refreshing flavor but lacked "wow" factor. The Goat Cheese Croquettes however, were out of this world!!! The spicy guava cream was an excellent complement to the warm, rich and delicious fried goat cheese balls. The Bacon Wrapped Dates were well executed but the flavor elements lacked balance.  The spiced ground beef overwhelmed the flavor of the queso blanco making the flavor more of a meat stuffed date. For entrees we shared  the Lamb Sliders, the Local House Seafood Stew, Black Seafood Risotto, the Grilled Skirt Steak, the Grouper Sandwich, the Pan Seared Branzino and theLinguine Frutti Di Mare. Everyone seemed very pleased with the entrees. However the buns were burned on the sandwiches, the fries were cold, and the skirt steak, although flavorful was tiny compared to the large plate of fries that it came on.  Also, when the server was asked for an extra side of fries just moments after the food hit the table, the server told us that "the fryer has already been turned off, sorry." Overall the service was good, and the food decent. I won't be running back there for dinner anytime soon, but I would consider walking  there to give it another shot in the future.  I also noticed some decent happy  hour specials that might be worth checking out.
Great location, food was great quality but a bit pricey, drinks are expensive even with the happy hour special, overall satisfying experience
Went for Sunday brunch with a group. Place is nicely decorated, great location, fun and chic. It looks like a beach house on the inside. Service was friendly and everyone was very nice. Our waiter even had to go as he finished his shift, but he made sure to leave someone else in charge of our table topping our bottomless mimosas!. Very nice touch. Now to the food, everyone at the table liked their dishes, i liked mine too but wasn't overly impressed. Mind you: i am VERY picky with my food. I ordered the crab cake eggs benedict and though the crab cake was way too salty. However, a great time was had and i may give this place a second chance on another occasion to have brunch.
I got the Mahi Mahi tacos & they were amazing! Good prices & service was great!Good place to get away from all the loud party life on ocean drive. Also very chic modern decor, will definitely visit again. :)
Delicious seafood with creative flavour combinations, I'll be back regularly.   THE FOOD: I went by myself and opted for two appetizers, which proved to be a very satisfying meal.  I will be going back very soon to try oh so many other items on their menu.  Tuna & Kiwi Sashimi - Sushi grade tuna, Sliced Kiwi, Jalapeno & Fresno Pepper Rings, Shallots, Sesame and Ginger-Lime Vinaigrette  This was fantastic, bright lovely flavours  Fire Sliders - Blackened Sushi Grade Tuna, Avocado, Arugula Salad, Spicy Fire Pepper Sauce, Lemon Herb Fresh  Another great combination of flavours, the pepper sauce was amazing and the tuna perfectly prepared OTHER: Website - simple website, full menu provided for brunch, lunch and dinner Service - very friendly, everyone was extremely busy but still took time for "please" and "thank you" and a few personal touches Tapas - can certainly be done with appetizers and sides Value - delicous food at reasonable-for-South-Beach prices, on Ocean Drive that's quite a gem Venue - upscale beach house décor, everything was bright and clean.  Good for a date, friends, a group of eight were easily accommodated but more would be a challenge here.
Nice little place close to the beach, great presentation, good flavor, menu is a touch limited. Fair prices for south beach
This was a great place to spend a nice leisurely dinner in South Beach. The drinks were good, and I would definitely recommend trying one of their unique cocktails. Beer is quite pricey for what it is. We ordered the mac and cheese but they were out of truffle oil so we had to settle for basic, which was still outstanding. I ordered the Local Burger, which was decent but a little dry. My husband ordered the Greek Salad with Branzino which was beautiful and tasty. We had the bread pudding for dessert which was also yummy. Overall I would definitely return. It's a nice, quieter spot on Ocean Drive to visit if you have the time. Service, like most we experienced in Miami, was on the slower side. However, we weren't too bothered by this, as everyone was very friendly and accommodating.
Stumbled upon this gem and so happy they could accommodate us. Alenander is an excellent bartender and makes an awesome martini, in addition to the excellent cocktail menu. The bacon wrapped dates are a must., the coconut milk ceviche is delicious  and the tuna, kiwi and jalapeño sashimi is an awesome flavor combination. Local house is a great spot amidst a neighborhood full of lame restaurants. Highly recommend!
After checking reviews on yelp , we decided to do brunch here after seeing the reviews of the mac and cheese. And yes, it was LIKE that! Sooooooo yummy cheesy deliciousness. We also checked in on yelp and got ourselves a free appetizer! We had the goat cheese croquettes to start. They were fried goat cheese balls with a spicy guava sauce. The sauce was light and gave it a bit of well deserved sweetness. And what's sweeter is that it was free with our Yelp check in! I looooove yelp!!!! My friends split a crab Benedict, it was ok. And I split a melon citrus salad. Now THAT was good. It was light and refreshing, perfect for brunch. This was on the regular menu, which you can ask for during brunch time. We opted dined al fresco and I wouldn't have it any other way. The service was superb and the restaurant was comfortable. It was a perfect lazy Sunday indeed.
This is a classy, fun, elegant, and romantic place to eat. Perfect for a large group of girls looking to start the night out in style! I'd go in to more detail, but my girls already wrote steller reviews about our fantastic evening here. Check out the reviews written by Megan V, Kimberly S., and Adrianne W. My sentiments echo all of their feelings for this place! If you're feeling adventurous, or maybe you actually like raw Oysters, I would suggest ordering the drink "Oyster and Vodka are up to no good". You get one Oyster on the half shell, and another oyster on a skewer in your martini glass. I felt super fancy drinking it, even though oysters weird me out. Even if you're all dressed up and trying to remember all the rules from Miss Manners, you can still get a comforting taste of home. They have a Smoked gouda mac and cheese that is so good that I forgot to care if I picked up the right fork.
Adrienne W isn't kidding when she said we spent HOURS looking for the perfect restaurant that was both classy and affordable. Thankfully we found this needle in a haystack because Miami is full of inexpensive hole in the wall places or overpriced restaurant options. The Local House was just what we needed for our bachelorette party group. I called ahead to not only reserve but request a dessert saying Congratulations for the bride. As soon as we arrived, the manager came out and greeted us with complimentary champagne and small appetizers - talk about service! Everyone was so excited and it definitely helped kick the experience off right. The table was a buzz with discussion on what to order because everything looked so amazing! Not to mention the drink menu was unique and exciting. I got Ichi the Killer which was light and refreshing! Our end of the table split the bacon wrapped dates and truffle fries to start - yummyyyy. I went with Grilled Skirt Steak for my entree - figured I'd treat myself as I don't often order steak at restaurants. Bravo to the chef for cooking it perfectly! The main reason I don't usually order steak but it was done just the way I asked. It comes with a wedge salad as a side which was a nice/light compliment. The dressing was a little intense for me, but otherwise okay. I got to try my friend's pan seared branzino which was flaky and delicious. Then they brought out the bride's dessert which was a decadent chocolate cake. Unfortunately I did choose the bread pudding since that's the bride's favorite but I was so happy with everything else that I went with the flow. It was delicious and passed around the table getting devoured even though we were all stuffed. The decor here is classy yet rustic with beachy elements and dashes of barbies and fashion books. The only thing I would change is to have more lively music. Initially, it was very mellow and romantic music - they changed it for a little while to more upbeat but still kept it low. Not sure why but then they changed it back. Either way, it was a great overall experience and I was SO happy everyone enjoyed it - especially the bride!!
PUCKER UP!  When you taste the homemade pickles, you'll want to kiss the chef!  He takes a sweet little onion and brines it to give it a salty, sour punch and uses it as an exclamation point on a dish like a rich, savory stuffed portabello.  Yum! I just love the Local House!  They're located only a block south of the magical 5th Street dividing line.  Somehow the luscious local tomatoes and unique house-made delicacies taste all the more special when you know a few blocks away at Fridays and Johnny Rockets cretins are ordering plates full of pre-fab frozen dreck.  Local House lives up to its name, so the offerings are seasonal, flavorful, and fresh! There is no better dish on a hot day than the fresh melon salad.  Cool, sweet cantaloupe, honey-dew, and pink watermelon balls on a bed of fresh local greens with some crumbled feta, a squeeze of lime and a sprinkle of chopped mint.  If you're wilting like a wildflower in the sun, it will revive you and make you BLOOM again! The décor is homey and comfortable.  Outdoors, you can find a casual spot in the shade, or indoors there are lovely cushioned chairs and white table tops.  Last time I visited, they had tea roses on all the tables.  So pretty! If you're visiting SoBe and you're beginning to forget what authenticity and wholesomeness might look like, please stop in at the Local House.  It will restore your faith in the real.
Went for dinner but probably should have gone for brunch. The Goat Cheese Croquettes were great! The rest of my food (lamb sliders & french fries) were just about average. The decor is cute and the staff was very nice.
Solid brunch place on south beach. I had bottomless mimosas with the traditional breakfast and everything was good. The company I was with had the fish sliders/ crab benedict / and steak and eggs and everything looked great. I'd definitely reccomend this place for a nice, intimate day time meal on south beach.
I came here a couple nights ago with my boyfriend and one of my best friends to have dinner, and I have to say Local House is pretty solid. The good: -The decor is fantastic. I remarked to my friend that this is "beach style" done right. Classy and relaxing - not weird rattan chairs and seashells that look 20 years old, like you may see in other beach style decorated places. It definitely creates a really nice atmosphere. -The food overall was delicious. We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, the goat cheese croquettes, the smoked gouda mac, and the large meat & cheese platter. While all the food was very tasty the bacon wrapped dates were the standout - we placed another at the end of our meal in place of dessert. The not-so-good: -The server was nice, but not as attentive as I would've liked, even though the restaurant was almost completely empty. This is often the result of the automatic gratuity that is commonplace on South Beach. -The meat and cheese platter was good but not great. I guess I prefer a place where you can assemble your own, as the chef selections are never quite what I would have picked. I'd pass on this next time and sample one of their entrees instead. -The $1pp charge for water. I find this so odd. It's not like it's a lot of money, especially considering what you're going to spend on food, but for that same reason I don't think they should pass it along to the customer. It's kind of tacky. -The parking. Of course, it's South Beach, so I don't hold it against them, but be prepared to pay $10 (on a weekday) to park your own car in the shady lot next door. There was no valet in sight when we arrived, so that didn't look like an option for us. Bottom line: I had a great time because I was with great company eating great food, but on reflection the experience needs work. I will definitely go back to try more of their tasty menu items, but don't expect to be blown away by anything else.
After spending hours (HOURS!) looking for a fab restaurant for our Yelp-loving bride, we stumbled upon this gem.  As is evidenced below, the bride was in love.  But we ALL were.  12 girls with different style and tastes instantly fell in love with this charming, elegant, pretty restaurant.   The staff were so kind and brought complimentary champagne.  I loved their bow ties!  I also ordered a blood orange margarita, which was citrusy deliciousness. The risotto was so flavorful and lush, coming from a girl who spent Sundays during childhood eating up plates of squid risotto-this was awesome. The prices are unbeatable, and ladies-this is the perfect classy yet relaxed spot for a bachelorette, wedding shower, birthday meal or GNO.
This place  really let me down. Very, very disappointing... Myself and two gorgeous ladies attended a film industry networking and season kickoff gig next door at the very gorgeous Lord Balfour Hotel in their lobby / lounge (SWANK!). The service at the Lord Balfour was exemplary. As that gig was wrapping up, we decided to duck into the 35% filled Local House for a bite to eat before the long drive back to the 954. Time? Approximately 845P. I had scouted the Local on Yelp and things looked exciting and promising. All three of us were ready for drinks, apps, and dinner. One in our party was feeling the onslaught of a light headache, so after a hurried and harried waitress told us to "sit anywhere" we did. And then we waited and watched at an inside and centrally located table as other distracted and hurried and stressed staff scurried about thoroughly ignoring us and fiddling with phantoms at the POS machine. Pathetic. It is amazing how people can totally and completely avoid eye contact when they so desire. After 10 agonizing and invisible minutes wherein no one made eye contact, much less took our drink order or any other order, we dipped. I will never go back. Ever. That is the beauty of South Florida, so many choices, new ones every day. And I plan to post a similar review to this one on TripAdviser and Google. Cabeza OUT.
I love this place. After my 2nd visit, I felt it was appropriate to write a review to let everyone know how amazing this place is. The ambiance, staff, and service are top notch which is hard to find in South Beach. I wish I remembered my waiters name cause he always made sure my mimosas glass was always full. On occasions, even other waiters where attentive to our table to ensure we were ok. What's not to love about that? I recommend you make reservations cause it's always packed and ask for a table outside and enjoy the beautiful scenery. I will definitely keep on visiting The Local House.
Love the outside atmosphere and bottomless mimosas for $19 dollars. Staff went above and beyond and constantly refilled our drinks without us needing to ask. They offers us both brunch and lunch menu and were accommodating to all dietary tea restrictions. MUST GO!
Very dissappointed. The Local House has been bookmarked since I tried their ceviche at Iron Fork last year. They were perhaps one of the only standouts that night for me. I finally made a reservation and was beyond excited to try it out. Someone from the restaurant called to confirm the reservation time and find out if we would prefer outside or inside seating. It was one of those muggy Miami nights; inside was the way to go and I told the girl who called. Upon arrival, I walked up to check in with the hostess who acted confused. She asked me if I was checking in to the hotel. Once I told her I had a restaurant reservation, she briefly looked down at her list and said "OK, well I only have inside seating right now". Well then, it's a good thing you noticed I had already expressed that's what I preferred earlier anyway! The restaurant is extremely beautiful and just all around charming. It is also, however, much smaller than I expected. We sat in a booth and found it a little difficult to feel comfortable. I had 2 pillows behind me the entire time and it seemed to not be enough.  The table of two next to us (on our right) was too close for comfort. The table to our left was also right next to us. There was a glass dividing our booth and their table. That was really uncomfortable.The biggest pet peeve of the night though was perhaps just how hot it was inside. We could all feel the air turn on sporadically. Once it was off, you felt it immediately too. We must have requested they please adjust it somehow at least 3 times, but nothing was ever done. I feel like the lighting was also on the bright side. It would be much more interesting to dim them a little bit and add allure to their already casually elegant interior. Overall, the food is what's supposed to be most important but that was just underwhelming. Nothing really stood out to me as a "must have again" course. These are the items we tried: Coconut Milk Ceviche- the ceviche was good, but plantains were soggy. The plantains I had at the Iron Fork event had been crispy and shredded. Crispy Calamari- good. The breading was thin and they really were crispy. Goat Cheese Croquettes- just OK, but the accompanying spicy guava was great. Seared scallops- OK Mac & Cheese with truffles- OK Seafood Stew- this was great but the actual broth was minimal at best. For dessert, we ordered one of each. Why not? We tried the tiramisu, berry panna cotta, bread pudding, and cheesecake. A couple in our party did like the bread pudding. I found it way too dry (take a look at my photos, it almost looks like a pound cake). The rest was just average, at best. Corkage was $35 for the wine we brought. We also did not like the wine glasses. They seemed more apt for white than for a cab. Overall, service was rudimentary: nothing more, nothing less. You want water? great, here it is. Perhaps I expected it to be a little bit more formal? All I know is, this was not money well spent. I did not get the experience others have had at The Local House, and that's too bad. On to the next one...
Beautifully designed space with comfortable, airy patio dining alongside several cozy sofa seating areas. Pricing is very reasonable for the appetizers- including the delicious smoked Gouda Mac and Cheese served with a brûléed top. The calamari is rings only and tasted fresh. It was served with a slightly spicy fra diavlo sauce. Excellent and ample portion for $9. The thing about this place though which is very odd is that is is eerily quiet inside, so despite an Ocean Drive address, it is is a placid neighborhood and is not a particularly fun place to dine if you are looking for more of a people-watching South Beach experience. Also, there is a yelp check in offer for a free appetizer with purchase of two entrees, but you can't view the offer until you are already there and checked in.  We were disappointed to learn that two entree purchases were required since we tend to order more small plates to share vs mains, but happily, the manager on duty still graciously agreed to comp one of our appetizers anyway (and our tab was close to $80, so we were not trying to cheap out, just truly prefer to order and share more small plates). 4 stars for the food and service, 2 for the too-quiet atmosphere, so a solid 3 or 3.5 for The Local House.
Came to have brunch and it is now one of my top 5 places to go. Very nice place in south beach parking is a little hard to find but drinks and food were Great! I recommend the bread pudding for desert.
Great place on a corner location, a bit far down on Ocean Dr. Very Hampton chic and great service! I ordered a crab benedict dish. It was a great presentation and you can tell they pay attention to plating and presentation. My other friend got a crab benedict as well and another friend ordered the french toast with a side of fruit, again presentation was great. The food was reasonably priced. Make sure you pay attention to the fact that each coffee is brewed, one by one, and is $4 a cup. That we didn't know and didn't even realize that we would be charged by the cup, had we known, we wouldn't have each ordered 2 coffees. The music system was down at the time, so it was a bit quiet inside the restaurant. There is indoor and outdoor seating.
Very much enjoyed lunch here on South Beach.  Pan seared salmon was great.  Very nice open air atmosphere.
Warning!!! Food poisoning or something! It's sad, because it was so freaking delicious. Everything from the goat cheese croquettes, bacon wrapped dates, mussels, bread pudding dessert. Thinking it was the salmon that got us. Only thing we ate today and still suffering. Service was great and decor is fab. Just come with a strong tummy! Would be a solid five otherwise.
This place was awesome! I had my birthday here after hearing about their $19 all you can drink mimosas until 5pm! We were a table of 12 and they did a great job! food was great, drinks were great. All together fun time
I have to start off by saying I love this place! I have been here a few times and have never been disappointed. My boyfriend and I opted to skip out on a valentine's dinner and have a Saturday vday brunch since it is my favorite meal of the day. I had the french toast which was delicious while he had the steak and eggs and of course a side of banana pancakes . We shared banana bread pudding for dessert which was to die for and how can you go wrong with bottomless mimosas. Glad my boyfriend fell in love with this place, I have a feeling this just became our go to beach day brunch spot.
yes bloody Mary's !! YES eggs benedict!! lovely little place with a great Hamptons vibe- right off the beach and away from the Ocean Drive madness. Sit inside or out, either way the food is the focus
Delicious.  Great ambiance for our last evening in South Beach.  Service was good, not stupendous.  Our server was competent but not conversational and did not seem to follow our sense of humor.   The eggplant reduction that they served with the fresh bread was very tasty and a different take on "bread before dinner."  The calamari was delicious, but we did order it with the lemon aioli offered with the crispy octopus instead of the prescribed sauce.  My husband's black seafood risotto was amazing, I mean, SERIOUSLY amazing.  I regretted ordering the salmon, even though it was very tasty.  Flourless chocolate cake was good, not great. We did meet the manager and he was awesome.  He even asked our opinion about making a slight modification to the risotto as it was served to us.  It was nice to have our opinion considered! All in all, a little pricey-$200/tip incl ($50 bottle of wine also included), but we were not disappointed with anything.
A definite Miami south beach winner.  If you are looking for a quieter place with great food and a great ambiance this is the place to go. The service was impeccable, and while the food was good the real standout was the crispy octopus appetizer. The Gouda Mac and Cheese was good, it just seemed like balance was a little off.
