Small place big heart!  This could easily be considered a whole in the wall, but big joints got nothing on this place!  It's simple decoration and seating arrangements makes you feel like you may have just walked into your friend's "man cave" to grab a beer, delicious slice of Sicilian pizza and hang out! Lucky for us gals are also welcome. Would hate to not have another opportunity to enjoy another slice of this delicious Sicilian cheese pizza!  True to it's name it was a nice thick crispy dough topped with just enough flavorful tomato sauce all dressed up with just the right amount of gooey melted cheese!  Just enough so when you bite into it the cheese just keeps on going!  There is thou one thing missing from this pizza and it the grease which usually is expected from a slice like this.  But not this one not at all!  All you get is crispy deliciousness!   Now do be warned you can not come in here and not try their signature dish "Philly Cheese Steak".  It is offered in 2 sizes reg and half - even the half is good to share! (if you are having a small other dish) This is a delicious warm hoggie bun filled with very thin sliced beef  topped with julienne style peppers, mounds of mushrooms and delicious cheese!!!  It is like a party in your mouth.  A bite of this and it transports you to a corner in philly!!!   It is a great place to go with friends, grab something good to eat and have a good time. Small place, big heart!
Let me start right off the bat by far the best Philly I've ever had.....with that said I would like to clear something up Chris C.I'm sorry you feel like you have to go there with a bodyguard but I've been there many time and never has anyone made me feel disrespect or been anything but nice to me and yes most of the the the place is full of guys eating and having a good time it's sad that you as grown women would not return I guess it's your loss
Fantastic food, great atmosphere and awesome service. We were on our way to the hotel (south side of the airport) from a day at Miami Beach and decided to stop in here based on yelp reviews. We had an assortment of subs, philly cheese steak, and pizza. The Philly cheese steak was the best! Everyone enjoyed everything we got. My 6 year old said 'if I had 200 thumbs that's how many ups I would give it!' Loved the service, too!
I've always been a huge fan of Philly cheese steaks. But could never find anything close to the real thing in Miami.  Then I found this restaurant.  Not only did it bring the atmosphere of Philly with sports talk and memorabilia.  I have to say these sandwiches were EPIC. Def heaven with a slice of cheese.  I will recommend to anyone and everyone!!!
You walk into this place and you definitely feel like you're in Philly. The owner was incredibly nice and asked me and my girlfriend's names as we were leaving - for next time. Best cheap, no-frills Philly I've had in Miami. Just meat, cheese, and grease, deliciously put together. Nothing I've had in Miami tastes more authentic than this. Girlfriend had the pizza and it was also delicious. Could've been a little crispier, but she didn't complain, and Philly's known for its philies not its pizzas. I'll keep going back here time and time and time again. Great service, great attitudes, and piles and piles of meat and cheese on your slab of bread. It was two meals in one.
Highly satisfied ordered a philly and a slice of cheese the philly was a good size and was very tasty the cheese pizza was also really good best pizza I've had in a long time in Miami. This place is definitely a must try will go back soon oh and staff was friendly all in all a good experience
Been here twice. The minute you walk in, Pat treats you like family. The cheese steak is the best in Miami - hands down. There's just something about that bread. The house beer is really good too. There's a reason this place has so many good reviews - it's amazing and inexpensive. A Miami Springs gem.
WIN!  My fiancee and I saw an article for this place in the New Times and decided to try it out today.  (My fiancee used to live in Philly and really misses authentic cheese steaks.)  We loved it!   The cheese steaks are awesome, and the owners let us try their pizza too (I recommend!).  They are super friendly and down to earth.  The prices are really good to boot (for example, a large pizza is similar to Papa John's in pricing but will kick Papa John's ass in the quality department).   We got 2 cheese steaks and 2 sodas and it came to $18- and the cheese steaks were so big they also made a good dinner later! We will be returning for sure... probably to catch a Flyers' game or 2 :)
So good! We took a road-trip down to Miami. Pulled into town and were starving. Opened my Yelp app and found this place. Beef Sandwich = AMAZING. Pizzas = SUPERB!
Went for lunch based on a word of mouth recommendation. When we walked in and asked what was good three people sitting inside said "The cheese steak" at the same time. Wow live instant reviews!  So I got a salad....not.  The cheese steak was mouth watering heaven.  An amazingly delicious juicy melted cheese delight.  I don't think I will ever be able to enjoy a Philly cheese steak anywhere else.     To find the place just look for the yellow letters with the name of the best Philly cheese steak in Florida.  3 blocks north of NW 36 street.
Me (Peter) anmy cousin (Pablo) just came in for a quick bite Hands down best steak sandwich ever!!! You truly treasure each and every bite. I have been to almost every sub shop in Miami and Fort Lauderdale and no sandwich came close to this one. I can't wait to go again and try the pizza which looks amazing. Ask for the customer Service I promise that you feel right at home Pat, Dave and their crew make it all the better to want to come back. And ask for that guy that put a one star what is wrong with you do you have any taste buds or sense of humor?
Cheesesteak was fantastic and huge! Can't wait to go back and try the meatball sub but I can't see myself going there and not getting a cheesesteak so I'll have to grab one of those bad boys to go.
Best Philly cheesesteak ever ! Guys are really friendly . Place looks deceiving inside a not so nice plaza but it's a diamond in the rough.
Good Philly C-S . Party Puffs were  also good. Pizza was horrid. Greasy, lacking salt and flavor.
I've never actually been to A Little Bit of Philly in person. I work at a distributor down the street so I usually send my coworkers or boyfriend to pick me up a philly cheese steak. THE BEST EVER!!!!! If you haven't had it, you NEEEEED to. Every time I have one I go on and on about how delicious it was for a few hours. Love this place!
Wasn't a fan of cheesesteaks and now I am HOOKED!!!!!! Great pizza too!!! Staff is friendly and prices are cheap!!! What more do you want!
Get the Stromboli. 4 pounds. 4 pounds of goodness that you definitely can split between a few friends.
A hole in the wall... But a wonderful place to experience the cheesy juicy flavors of Philadelphia. I had the steak and cheese and Frannie had a philly/New York style pie... Highly recommend
Still the best!!! No words can describe how freaking good their Philly cheesesteaks are.  Owner Pat is the best in town when it comes to service and the quality of the food is always on point!!  Keep it up!
****This is Cindy's husband Jimmy writing this review*** Take it from this Philly guy- hands down the best Philly Cheesesteak in Florida. I have been to two other "authentic" Philly places- one in Broward and one in Miami Beach and even though they have somewhat of a Philly-like atmosphere, their cheesesteaks are small and pricey. I walk into this gem and I swear I felt like I just walked into an old hangout in Philly. Real small but very clean and the owners Dave and Pat treat you like family when you walk in. I went on a Thursday to eat a cheesesteak and Pat gave me a slice of Sicilian style pizza on my way out just to try. The pizza is straight out of those little Italian family pizzerias in Conshohocken!! (not literally, but a few people will know what i'm talking about). Then I went back that Sunday to watch my Eagles beat the Lions. COLD $2 beer. Try the Dave & Pat brew, great red lager with almost a honey-like aftertaste. If they had a six star rating, this is where I would add the extra star: The 4lb. Cheesesteak Stromboli. Now, I don't know if Pat made it special for my pregnant wife, but he gave me strict orders not to cut it in half until I got home so not to let the ingredients fall out. This Stromboli was a masterpiece. The Stromboli never had a chance to make it to leftovers....I grew up eating a cheesesteak stromboli in a specific place outside of Philly and I swore that I would never have a better Stromboli. Well, I can honestly say that Pat's Cheesesteak Stromboli is as good as the one I grew up eating. I seriously felt like I cheated on a girlfriend after eating it. Pat- I'll be back soon, thanks for getting me fat and GO EAGLES!!
A Little Bit of Philly is a little bit of AWESOME! I discovered this place about 3 weeks ago and on my first visit was told by one of the owners, Pat "once you try this place, I guarantee you'll be back soon" he wasn't kidding. I've been back 3 times since and I can honestly say this is one of my new favorite places in Miami Springs. I absolutely LOVE their Philly cheese steak stromboli. All the ingredients are fresh and straight from Philly. Oh, and did I mention it's massive?! It can definitely be shared amongst 3-4 people. One of my other favs is their Sicilian pizza. Hands down this is the best Sicilian pizza in Miami! it's light, crispy and cooked to perfection. They have a special of 2 Sicilian slices and a soda for $5. The place itself is a hole in the wall and the decor and menu are simple. Just the way it needs to be. The staff is always welcoming and they are open late on weekends. Oh yea, they also have $1 beer! So if you happen to be in the Virginia Gardens/Miami Springs area and in the mood for some delicious food, you must stop at a Little Bit of Philly. These guys are awesome, just check out one of their commercials! youtube.com/watch?v=z_nL…
mouth watering  steak sandwiches.
There is a reason that this place has all these 5-star reviews, and every one is deserved.   Cheesesteaks that are tender, steamy, fully-stuffed and made with authentic Philly steak and bread "imported" from Philly. You won't have to ask "where's the beef?" or "where's the cheese?" in this delicious mix of top quality and quantity. You'll walk out the door already missing the place, and wondering when your next trip will be...
Best Cheesesteaks in Miami! People are very Nice, and service is very fast. Will definitely be going back very soon!
Greatest Philly CheeseSteak Sub in Miami!!!!! That's really all you need to know about this place/whole in the wall/ get the directions and taste a little bit of Philly. Greatest Philly CheeseSteak Sub in Miami!!!!!
Can't say enough about how great this place is. You instantly feel welcomed when you walk in. The food was excellent! I will be returning every time I'm in Miami.
This place is amazing! Best Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but once inside it's a quiet little gold mine. Delicious Philly cheesesteak in a super soft bun with cheese and onions! Yummm!!! It was so good my boyfriend and I went back the very next day for another one! The dining in experience was nice, but their carry out service was super fast! We called in 4 cheesesteaks and they were ready before we even got there! The staff is also extremely down to Earth and friendly. We will DEFINITELY be going back. A lot.
Like I said a hole in the wall,but better than most places. The customer service is amazing! Especially being in a Miami location. The cheesesteak was Delicious & hearty! The bread was super soft like a pillow. The cheese pizza is very fresh and cheesy with a crispy crust. I will definitely return, not too many places left where the owner shakes your hand and ask your name. Good Job Philly!
Small location with big taste! Bread super soft, cheese melted perfectly. Two thumbs up
Classic Philly w their own brew, Dave & Pat's red lager
This place is great! The owners are so friendly and the food is spot on. Small spot where you order in the back. Just walk in and pat will take care of you! Got the cheesesteak, my gf got pizza. Both were prepared perfect. Found them on Yelp while on vacation and felt like I was back home for a minute, even had the tigers/Lions sports stuff on the walls. One owner is from Michigan! Looking for real food? Go here.
If I could only have pizza from one place for the rest of my life it would be from this place!!! Their pizza is simply THE BEST I have ever had and so is their customer service, you'll really feel at home when you walk through the door!! I really wish I still lived in springs so I could eat here more often!!
Holy Mary Mother of GOD! This place is amazing! The BEST Philly Cheese Steak in MIAMI. Completely authentic, it's like being in a little corner of Philly. The staff is nice and they show great pride in their food. The sandwich is HUGE and awesome at $8. At first we thought we should've shared one, then we were SO glad we didn't! Spectacular.
My partner and I drove 20 mins out of our way based on the great reviews.  We split the huge Philly Cheesesteak and it was AMAZING ( we split it because it was a late lunch and didn't want to ruin our dinner. We could have easily eaten a whole one otherwise.)  The owner cooked the food in front of us while chatting like we were long time friends. He is from Philadelphia and is doing his home city proud. Great food, prices, and service- this place makes you forget you are in Miami.  Oh, one more thing, the pictures that some people have put up of the food DO NOT give it justice.
The best cheesesteak in miami period and the pizza is just as good go try you won't be sorry ask for Pat or Dave
I have never written a review on yelp before but I felt compelled to write one after the meal I just had. WOW. Best philly In Miami and there is no comparison. Can't wait to come back.
The food is fantastic. Best Philly cheese steak I ever had. Pizza is really good too. The owner is a really cool guy. Overall great place!
The best Pizza/Philly cheesesteak! Service is top notch and the food I dream about more often than I'd like to admit!
Ok been here once before back in August and it was closed, must have been a holiday or something so just went by with the kids and I gotta tell you it was an enjoyable experience primarily because it's cozy, gritty, down to earth up north type neighborhood environment with locals just hanging out having a brew shooting the shit and good subs and great tasting pizza. Dave is the man and I will be definitely going back for the great vibe and awesome food.
Small place, great food and great service. Wish I would've found this place sooner. I fly out tomorrow, might have to come by once more before I go.
Hands down, the best philly cheesesteak (and one of the best sandwiches) I've ever had. A must-visit.
Hands down best Philly in Miami. Fresh bread, tons of meat, and tons of cheese. It's definitely the definition of a hole in the wall but a hidden gem. Quality food at a great price. Pat's super cool and the place has character, you can't beat the dollar beers either. Tried the pizza as well and it's on point. If you love Philly Cheesesteaks, you gotta try this place out ASAP! #offdachain #FIRE #crack
The cheesesteak is pretty decent but the place is awfully dirty. The guy at the grill goes back and forth between the grill and the cash register doing both jobs at the same time touching practically everything at the restaurant all day long. No gloves, no washing hands, not an ounce of sanitation whatsoever. Eat at your own risk.
I am multitasking and eating a Philly while I write this review. (excuse any food stains) I found this place on yelp because I was searching for a sandwich place in Doral that was open past 4pm. Nearly impossible! I give you fore warning that I am not a big meat eater (especially red meat) but this was the best Philly cheese steak I've had in MY LIFE!   My co-workers that are huge carnivores tried it and gave the same approval. It was HUGE and super delicious. Although I'll try to resist, I will be back.
If you want the best tasting Philly cheesesteak then you come to the only place in Miami that has mastered the philly. Pat is great with his customers and knows what customer service is all about. He keeps you coming back with amazing food and a great ambience. At $8 a philly, you definitely get what you pay for!
Cozy place, run by the owners apparently (always a good sign!).  Excellent Philly and pizza, $6 for two small slices and soda.
Best cheesesteak I've had since I moved to Florida!  Great atmosphere with the owner cooking the food right next to you shooting the breeze the entire time. My wife says the pizza was excellent as well.
Saying this place is "down to earth" is just scratching the surface. This place is like a 2nd or 3rd home. The cave you want to go into after work, to unwind, and eat. I've been turning into a regular here. And it's not just because it's super close to my home. This place is that good. Amazing price. There's no robots that work here like the main pizza franchises. It's the two owners dave and pat, and the other guy (which I forgot his name). You get to know them, they get to know you. That's the best part of this place. Family friendly. If Pat doesn't know your name, it's because it's your first time there. Cheesesteak is amazing. Got friends in Miami Beach who keep telling me to bring them some. BBQ Steak pizza is out of this world. Beer is at good prices. TV's are always on. Couldn't ask for anything else.
Great food, fast service, cold beer and friendly staff. Best Miami joint ever. Grab a cab or bum a ride but don't leave Miami with grabbing some of the greatest food in town.
OMG! Greatest most tasteful Philly cheesesteak I've ever had. Reminded me how much I love American food. Thank you guys all the way from Mexico. Greatest layover.
OMG the cheesesteak was unreal! Must have if you're in the area. Even worth a drive out of your way. Inside is small but inviting. Staff is very social.
Did you grow up thinking that the Miami Subs cheese steak was amazing? Because really in Miami, for the better part of my formative years, that's where you went to get a cheese steak. But you always had that thought in the back of your mind asking yourself, "How could the best cheese steak I've found be at a fast food place that paints flamingos with sunglasses on the wall?". Well no longer do you have to tolerate gaudy wallpaper depicting bright multi-colored beasts among cartoon like flora & fauna to enjoy the best cheese steak in what probably amounts to about 3 or 4 different area codes. Seriously, the cheese steak here is that good, drive down from Broward/Palm Beach or drive up from the Keys because if you like a good Philly, this is Mecca in South Florida. If you're calling to pick up food, they're really fast, when they tell you 10 minutes, it's because the food's ready in 9, I've clocked it before, no joke. But really, what you SHOULD do... is show up, order your food, and have a $1 beer while you wait (All the beers, hell all the drinks in general are $1, all day, every day, find me another place in the 305 where you can get a beer for the same price as a coke, HA didn't think so!). I promise you you'll get into some kind of interesting conversation while you're there. The staff is about one of the friendliest around, Pat and Dave will usually chat you up while you're waiting or you'll get into a quick talk with some of the usual motley crew that hangs around. You might be talking about strange foreign currencies or how Scarlett's stops being a titty bar on New Years Eve (total bullshit, btw, but I digress), no matter what that extra $1 beer while you wait a couple of minutes for your food is guaranteed to be more interesting that most prime time television that you'd be missing. I've mostly focused on the cheese steak here because well that's what I like the most, but I feel the need to mention that EVERYTHING that I've had here is good, the pizza, the sicilian, the chicken philly, everything is at bare minimum good, for most people it will be great and the best part is that it's all REASONABLY PRICED. GO EAT HERE. And make sure you remember how to get there, because that first trip won't be the only one you'll be making to this joint.
Read all the amazing reviews....told my bf to have lunch there. Its Sunday... Their door says they are open from 11-9pm and so does yelp and urban spoon....LIED!!! They were CLOSED. Well, there goes 15 minutes wasted on my lunch break. :(
What can I say...? Best cheesesteak outside of (and maybe inside) of Philly. For anyone from the Philadelphia area, one two words: Amoroso rolls. This place, and the two owners, Pat & Dave, are the real deal. Can't recommend it enough!!
I came in with very low expectations, but I was very surprised and delighted with the huge mound of meat and cheese they placed in front of me. Not only was it the biggest philly cheese steak I've ever seen but it was delicious as well. I'm so glad I found this hidden gem. Also the beers are always cheap and cold. I will definitely be going back soon
So I feel utterly horrible about leaving such a bad review but my experience was not the same as every body else. I chose this pizza place solely because of the amazing reviews here on Yelp AND I even saw a bunch of people raving about it on Instagram. I thought to myself if every body is raving about this place it has to be some freakishly amazing pizza. I just had to try it. I took my family to this little place and here is why I feel bad about leaving this review. The people running the place are simply amazing. They are very friendly, customer service oriented, they offer you samples of their cheesesteak subs (which Publix makes a better Philly cheesesteak if you ask me), overall they really know how to treat a customer. Unfortunately their superb customer service skills do not translate into superb pizza making skills. My family and I were anxiously awaiting for this pie to be done so we can sink our teeth into what has been described as the best pizza that has ever been created. We ordered a large pizza, with mushrooms and pepperoni, extra crispy. Finally, after a brief 10 minute drive home, we sat down to savor this amazing pizza only to find a big, goopy mess. Ugh, as I pulled a slice out of the box I noticed the cheese was a weird consistency, I can't even describe it, it was super thick but I likened the look and taste to that stuff they use to caulk the tiles in the bathroom. It was awful. Then the crust, ugh, just inedible. It was thick as Texas Toast and even though I requested it well done or extra crispy, it was barely cooked. Just a soft, mushy mess all around. I just don't know how this pizza gets such amazing reviews but it was awful. Maybe I need a more sophisticated palette but I've had better pizza at Sbarro's. Anyway, I obviously will not be going back not because of the service because it truly was amazing but we were seriously let down by this pizza. The disappointment was of epic proportions simply because of all of the 5 star reviews this place gets. This is what prompted me to leave the first official negative review of this place because I am dumbfounded as to what everyone else ate at this place and my family and I were served slime on a shingle????
It was great! Really Philly style. I should know I own the Philly Cheesesteak Co. In Houston. Grew up in south jersey. The owner is a great guy.
Was surfing the web for a good Philly steak in Miami and came across this Place. After reading the reviews I decided to try it out and I am so glad I did!!!! The owner was super nice and even allowed me to order since I was pregnant!!!! Not to mention the Philly steak was to die for!!!! We will be back for those wings as discussed!!!!
Quietly situated in a plaza. The place is a little gem. I had the chicken Philly  and it was amazing. Super cheesy, stuffed with chicken and mushrooms. The bread was really soft, too. Service was quick and great. Best part was $1,00 DRAFT. also, if you a Phillies and Tigers fan, they have a bunch of cool memorabilia around the place. Definitely coming back.
This really is everything that all the other reviews say it is. I must admit, the place is really cramped, and almost feels like a dive bar at first glance. But when i saw pat and Dave having upbeat conversations with all their customers (knowing most of them all by name and asking for the names of new customers), and seeing about 10 cops taking their lunch break in here, I felt much better about my decision to come here. The ordering process is a little confusing at first. There's no bright menu displayed up behind the counter, with numbers beside each menu option. Heck, there isn't even a Cashier. I came in during a busy hour, but they still greeted me and asked me my order while behind the grill. I was impressed how they were able to keep track of what everyone wanted, just by people shouting out "hey gimme one more loaded cheese steak!". Pat just smiled and threw the meat onto the grill. There was a menu laid out on the counter, and I chose the highly recommended cheese steak (fully loaded). The sandwich was probably the best I've had in a long time. Gooey cheese (not that nasty cheese whiz, but actual slices of real cheese were used), piping hot tender steak pieces, peppers and mushrooms all mixed onto a soft hoagie. You won't regret having a meal here. Plus, their prices are very reasonable. Chips, sodas, beer all are only 1 buck. What restaurant nowadays still does that?? And a whole cheese steak is 8 bucks, which is worth it for the portion size. Go. now!
Fantastic place, fantastic food, and more importantly, Fantastic People !!!! It's a MUST place to eat at !!!
I was searching yelp for somewhere different to go on my lunch hour.  I found "A Little Bit of Philly", so I figured I would give it a try!  AMAZING!  I had the Philly of course.  This place is a little gem and the owner is a sweetheart!  You'll may be surprised when you walk in.  There are no menus and you just go to the counter and tell him what you want.  Very casual.  I'm excited to try the pizza now!
In Miami for a couple of days and found Little Bit of Philly on Yelp. I'm always a little leary of ordering Philly cheesesteaks because I've had some really grisly sandwiches from so-called 'Best Cheesesteaks in Town' restaurants. Wow, was I blown away! Not a bit of gristle, plenty of cheese and soft hoagie roll. Generous size, too. Next time I'm in Miami, I'll definitely stop by again!
The BEST cheesesteak we've found between Dade & Broward counties! Excellent service! Excellent food & large portions. Great quality, taste & price! Can't say enough good things about Pat & Dave's food, service & beer.  Definitely worth driving to from Ft. Lauderdale
The reviews are true. Great Philly Cheesesteak! Fun, talkative owner. It's a small place, but this guy is the real deal. My wife and I split a full sandwich...add a drink and chips and it makes for a great food deal for the price.
Hands down, the most AMAZING Cheesesteak I've EVER had... ANYWHERE!!! My girlfriend and I are both from Philadelphia and couldn't believe how perfect this cheesesteak is. Better than Pat's, Gino's D'Alessandros. Seriously.
the philly cheese was pretty good and really big.
Craving a Philly cheesesteak? Need a great pizza? Wanna enjoy cheap draft beer? This is the place! Pat & Dave make phenomenal cheesesteaks for $8, pizzas in 10 minutes for under $10 - and fantastic! And $1.00 tap beer - really, $1.00!!!- and the good stuff! I stop in to pick up a pizza or sandwiches on the way home, and knock back a beer and have some great talk with Pat & Dave and all the regulars hanging out. If you are tired of the ordinary chain restaurants and fast food garbage and uncaring joints about this city, then stop into A Little Bit of Philly for some good old fashioned quality (and addictive) food made by guys who are proud (and should be) of their food and their place. Thank God they opened near my work and home!!! My parents are snowbirds, arriving today, and the first meal they want when they arrive is a Philly Cheesesteak from Pat & Dave's place. Yes, they are that good!
Soooo worth the trek to Hialeah. I know it's technically called Virginia Gardens but that whole area is no man's land and it's refreshing to see the last remnants of white Merricuh making delicious leaps and bounds over soggy margarine (ew or vegetable shortening) basted Cuban bread stuffed with junk lunch meat... Aka "un SANGWEESH cubano"... My only time visiting this place was right as they were closing up and the owner happily made it with the same smile he surely slings on the perfection he makes day in and day out. I guess when your cheese steaks are that melty, gooey and sensationally perfect why wouldn't you display a triumphant tooth show whilst proudly stuffing such insanely fabulous hoagies with magic. The Philly is king in this lovely establishment and gosh darn it's something else. Actually I take that back. It's something I've tasted before- in Pennsylvania!! I mean this in the most respectful of ways, I was wowed by the cheesiness and hooked on the warm pillowy allure of the bread. Yum!
The Philly Cheesesteak was awesome. The smell on my clothes for the ENTIRE rest of the day was not. I definitely think you should eat the food... but suggest carry out. You'll thank me later. Parking lot is a little small and scary during the lunch hour too - just FYI. If you have two cars, take the smaller one.
Definitely some o the best Philly cheese-steak you'll find in the area. Friendly host named Pat whose excellence in service certainly extends to the rest of his staff. Very modest venue with a nice all-american vibe. Would definitely recommend the Italian grinder if cheese-steaks aren't necessarily your forte. It comes stacked with vegetables, pepperoni and ham! Even the draft beers here are on point. Spent under $10 getting a half sandwich (6-inches) and the beer. Their location is kind of out there, but they're definitely well worth the search.
By far the best philly cheese steak I've ever had. Pat is extreme nice just ask for him when you enter. One of the best sandwich spots in Miami and right next to the airport! The atmosphere feels like your in a little mom and pop sandwich shop in Philadelphia. You must grab a cheese steak at A Little Bit of Philly!
I have eaten so called Philly cheese steaks on south st. In Philadelphia,PA. They have nothing on this sandwich. Absolutely the BEST sandwich. Well worth the drive from Homestead.
Best philly cheesesteak in the world, pat makes you feel like family, and with a $2.00 beer while you wait for your order cant beat that!! I'll be back for sure!!!
The PCS sandwich is pretty tasty, but then again, I don't have anything to compare it too. I always share mine because it's pretty big, if your not a big eater. We've also ordered pizza. The first I got it, it was good, ok good, nothing amazing. The second time it was not good at all and pretty flavorless. The reason I gave it 4 stars, instead of 3, is because is because I really like the laid back chill feel of the place. They guys in the back are friendly. Both times I've gone it's been only men hanging out and it hasn't been a big deal. I will definitely be back for a Philly. I might even give the pizzas other shot.
I grew up in philly. Worship hoagies and steaks. Best in Florida. Probably as good as any in philly. Great place. Authentic atmosphere. Try the pizza . amazing
I ate at ALBP 7 days ago and I've been pondering this review ever since.  If I am to review only the food, the Philly was the best I've ever had in or out of Philadelphia.  So, if we are strictly talking food, giant, delish, total bargain, I would highly recommend this spot as a regular in you Miami Foodie rotation.   However, the reason I've been so torn and it's taken me a week to write this review is because the atmosphere was nothing short of hostile.  When I got in the restaurant I was the only woman in the place amongst about 6 men. I've traveled the world alone, can handle myself in any situation and didn't think twice about it until the man who took my order said "THAT IS REPULSIVE!" I had no idea who he was talking to or what he was referring to, so I said "Pardon me?" to which he replied "Those two behind you were looking at her like she was a peach and they wanted to eat her for lunch." Now I'm like "huh?" So he keeps going...."Her breasts weren't even real. I like real breast. Real ass. Real lips." From there he could not stop and it just got more and more obnoxious.  If I hadn't already given him money I would have left. I don't have my change yet, so I'm forced to stand there another moment and listen to his raving.  I finally get my change and I say I'll be waiting over there and I move to the farthest table from the counter.  Soon after one of the men who was watching the scene walks to where I am shaking his head looking as if he has something to say to me yet ends up rethinking it then walking back to his seat to finish eating. All I can assume is that the raving man was the owner since not one person told him to stop.  I guess they are used to it and want to keep eating there so they just overlook it.  I suspect if I had been their wife, daughter or girlfriend they would have decided the food, as good as it is, was not worth it. When my sandwich was ready, even the poor cook who brought me my to-go container had the horrified look of "I am SOOOOOO SORRY!" his face. So, my conclusion, the next time I am dating a very large, insanely muscular, super intimidating south beach bouncer named Guido, I will return to ALBP for the best cheesesteak in town, until then, totally not worth it.
The lovely Jessica C. had told me about this place years ago and I finally checked it off my bookmarked list when I finally decided to drive over.  Talk about a non descript location.  As we were driving there I thought no way are we going in the right direction.  Tucked away in a small strip center in a residential area. Once inside, they have some tables and chairs and you are instantly at ease feeling as if you just went to visit a friend.  The owner greets you the moment you walk in.  You place your order and have a seat.  They offer some beer on tap and I decided to try their own brewed beer a red ale that was delightful. We of course both ordered the Philly with extra cheese as mentioned by several yelpers.  They bring it to you one by one in a Styrofoam container.  The owner cooks it per order.  All I can say is WOW!!  Trust me after the first bite you will be hooked. The sandwich is huge cut in half which I took half home but the minute I got home I did eat it because it was so delicious.  The steak is plentiful, moist, good flavor and the bread was super fresh with great tasting melted cheese. The prices are so reasonable and the service is incredible.  The owner walks over to ask you how everything is.  He is such a nice guy who cares about his business and his customers. What a gem!  I can't believe how long it took me to get over here.  A few days later my husband went back with a co-worker because he could not stop thinking about how fabulous this Philly Cheesesteak was. I am not a NY pizza fan so I will stick with their Philly's, and happily do so.  See you again.  Thank you for having awesome food and that extra special touch that makes your customers feel so welcome.   The only thing that would or could be better is if they were on every corner. hee hee
The Cheese steak is legit!  Best in South Florida.  Matter of fact, best south of Philly.   Pizza off the charts.  The food does the talking.  The prices are good too.  When you want to go to Philly and short of airfare, come here.
As far as Philly cheesesteak and/or steak and cheese subs go, ALBOP gets four stars from me. The kicker and why it deserves 4 stars is that 13 hours later that Philly was awesome. The meat was tender, the cheese still gooey soft and the bread held its own. After thirteen hours, I expected the bread to be a mushy dough and it wasn't. It was delightful. I look forward to my next batch of sandwiches from here that I will have at 1 am again and I know will leave me completely happy and satisfied! Put this place on your list. This $8.- sandwich is awesome!
I never knew this place even existed until my older brother brought it home some random night. I'm not really a big fan of Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, but I know that if I ever get a craving for one again, this will definitely be the place I go to! The prices were pretty reasonable considering how much food you get (similarly priced to Subway). The staff was apparently very friendly, and the location is very conveniently located in Miami Springs. I'd highly recommend trying this place out !
This is hands down the best philly cheese steak I've had outside of the ones I had in Philly. South Florida is not the best place to find them since it's a skill more than anything to do these right. First off the owner makes you feel like you are walking into his home as a old family friend. That already makes this place a win for me. Second the meat is done right and juicy. Let me also include the cheese amounts on this bad boy will make you lactose intolerant. It's worth it. Give this place a shot. You won't regret it.
I have eaten at this little place 5 or 6 times over the past few years. The Philly cheese steaks are amazing and the guys who own the place are very down to earth and friendly. They obviously love what they do and it shows in how well they prepare their food and how they interact with their customers. The portions are large and the prices are extremely fair. It is worth a little trip to Virginia Gardens to satisfy your tastes for a little bit of Philly style food.
I ordered the Philly Cheese steak subs and they were delicious. They are better than Geno's from PA. The only bad part of take out is that your sub becomes soggy :( The cheese is gooey and melty, the bread is soft (I don't know if that's from the carry box being closed) but it was banging good even though the bottom part of the sub was soggy. I tried toasting it but it was too wet. I also ordered a large cheese pizza and that was just OK. Very thin in texture, it's a little greasy, the crust is on the dried side.  I think they are pretty cheap too, about $27 bucks for 2 sub's and a large pizza. Next time I'm gonna have to eat it there. Definitely will be back.
If you like having a cheesesteak the way it was meant to be had - provolone, steak, onions and mushrooms - look no further. Little Bit of Philly is tucked into a small strip mall just north of the airport. It isn't much to look at, but some of the best places I have eaten are like that. What will stick out are the staff, that are just full of personality. There were a few regulars there and had a good vibe. Everyone was friendly, but not PC lol! The sandwich was made fast and was delicious. I can only think of one other place that compares in Miami, but this gives it a run for its money. What I like is there it is simple. Nothing fancy to get lost in - just simple ingredients combined perfectly. So if you are in the area and want a real Philly cheesesteak, come here.
I've been hearing about this place from friends and coworkers and finally had a chance to try it. I loved it! I ordered a chicken philly and a couple of slices of cheese pizza to share with my hubby. The pizza transported us back to NY! We've been searching for pizza like this and haven't been able to find it til now. The chicken philly was awesome...huge overstuffed hoagie rolls full of chicken, onions, mushrooms and melted cheese. This place being so close to me is kinda dangerous! I will most definitely be going back! They might even get sick of me. Lol!
I thought maybe I was at the wrong place because of all these great reviews, but I wasn't. The people were very friendly, but the food was very bad. The Philly was dry, the bread was tough, the cheese was goo mixed with the onions and meat like a paste. The meat had absolutely no flavor whatsoever. It was not good at all. The pizza taste like cardboard and was orange.... The restaurant is also gloomy and had the feel of an old bar more than it did of a lunch spot.
This is the honest truth. I am a grown man and i shed a tear when i had this cheese steak. It brought back all the memories i have of day tripping from Jersey down to Philly just to get a cheese steak. Believe me when i say there is no more authentic than this place. The staff is friendly and very welcoming. Should you decide to come here. Look for me, I'll be the one crying into my sandwich with a giant smile on my face.
I'm surprised by the few bad reviews written about this place. Little Bit of Philly is the place where the Grinch would go have lunch the day after he steals Christmas. The owner makes you feel really lucky to have found that gem, especially with the generous sample you get of your Philly so you can get a taste of the wonderful experience tucked neatly in the Styrofoam container. I will be back here as soon as I'm done digesting the massive Philly cheese steak I had which should take about three months.
This is an authentic Philly joint. Once you walk in through the door you get that feel like you somewhere else than you really are. The owner is there and does a great job greeting everyone and taking everyones order. Beers are $2, which let me say is unheard of anywhere pretty much. They have several choices for beer, so its definitely worth it. The Philly cheesesteak is great and is very filling, pizzas are pretty good too. Those things are served right out of the oven so the cheese drips right off. You will need to give it a few minutes so you avoid burning yourself and having no cheese on your pizza. The only reason I give this spot 4 stars and not 5 is due to the lack of seating space and the parking is limited. I will definitely be back over and over again, especially since I don't work too far.
Great food, great service. The owners are very friendly and the Philly cheesesteak is awesome!! Will definitely come back
i went to this place solely because its hard to come across an establishment on yelp with all 5 stars and that many reviews. My boyfriend works in the area, so i met him up for lunch. we did like two circles before we found it. nestled in a small shopping center with the word PIZZA on its window. boy was i glad i found this place. from the moment you walk in you are welcomed and treated as family.  we ordered the $2 beers, i need to go back to try pats beer. We ordered two half's they are HUGE if you get a regular. i asked for some lettuce and tomato and he gladly added it. while we waited for our subs, they gave us a slice of pizza to try it. delicious. truly was a good thin slice of cheese pizza. perfectly seasons not too much sauce, not greasy but not dry. perfect to the very last bite. and you can tell the dough was extremely fresh and homemade. i can say this place gets its ratings because of the amazing service there. They are so friendly and funny. they showed us a hilarious commercial they made in Spanish that had the whole joint in tears. for a second there you forget your in shitty service miami and in a joint in philly. I am definitely coming back again and again. just to see the guys again and have the chicken philly next time. I paid a small price to never have to endure the cold of philly and try an authentic sub right here in my hometown.
Loved it. Small little place. Owner is the chef and very interactive with the customers.  I loved the house beer. Its the owners personal brewed beer. Best part about it was beers are $2.50 . Had the philly cheese steak, off da chain. We had garlic rolls "puffs" with pizza sauce that were deeeeeelicious. Im not a pizza person but damnnn, the pizza was good. My boy had the chicken philly sandwich, excellent. I would defenitely recommend.
I did return!  Not long after in fact and I can't wait to go back yet again!  Their subs are so delicious that I'm actually going to do something I rarely do - forego the lettuce, tomatoes, etc. and just eat it the way cheese steak subs were meant to be eaten; meat, melted cheese, cooked onions and mushrooms. At the time of this writing, the subs cost $8.  They aren't foot longs, but trust me, they're more than enough.  They are extremely filling!  Eat half, take the rest to go and eat it later - trust me.
Great place. My boss took me there for lunch and I was completely impressed!! The meat in my Philly was so tasty and the special hot sauce is mind blowing ! Small place big taste !!
Place was busy no pizza because the oven  was turned off so the ac came be repaired. That is not what bothers me. This place recommend by someone I know and I promised when I was by the airport I would try it. It was the fact that I was next inline and the guy helping the owner totally skipped me and taking the order of the guys behind me even after I told him I was next. He just looked at me and did nothing. I walked out. I guess I came at a bad time but there was no excuse for that.
Amazing... Chicken philly cheese steak!!!    bomb food for the low.... pretty small spot but the one man band makes the best pizzas and subs in town...
Hands down the best Cheesesteak and pizza in town.  The atmosphere is perfect.  Even if this is your first visit, the owner and staff make you feel like a regular.  Hell, like family.  Pat one of the owners is the real deal.  Born and raised in Philly with years of experience in the pizza business.  Listening to Pat rave about his product and watching TruTV or listening to soul or Motown music are just part of its charm.  Good food, cold beer on tap and a pleasant, friendly atmosphere all make this the perfect place to kick back and forget the busy Miami streets and just outside its doors.  All around a great little place to visit over and over again.
This place is great!!! Good slices, delicious garlic rolls and the best Philly in town!!! Always up for a trip here. Great service from great people in a dive setting. Feel like home each time I come in.... hidden gem I enjoy for some good eats!
1st visit- chicken philly, loaded 2nd visit- steak philly, loaded Yes, i will be returning for the "grinders", "party puffs", cold cheap good beer. I can't believe i waited dip long to try it! ...& you get free entertainment while there, they are a RIOT, we are talking paddy wagon, mounted patrol & water cannon needed kinda RIOT. Amazing job guys, best off luck in the up & coming endeavors.
This place is NO JOKE! First off the guys are as friendly and outgoing as it comes Pat, David, and Chris. Next you ain't got no choice the first time you go. You gettin the cheese steak and trust me when I tell you ITS FUN TO CHEW!! Amazing explosion in your mouth of cheese, steak, onions and mushrooms. Pat said next time I can try something different but I'm not sure I want to try anything else cause that CHEESESTEAK IS SO GOOD!!!
I'm a Philadelphia native and grew up on cheesesteaks all throughout Philly and the Tristate area so I'm an aficionado when it comes to cheesesteaks.   This place is hands down the best Philly cheesesteak I've tried in Florida.  They only offer one size and one type of cheese which is contrary to what any true Philly natives would expect from a steak shop so don't be surprised. The key to making a proper cheesesteak is first the type of bread and 2nd the steak has to be finely chopped up and this place executes both.  So many restaurants outside of the Philly region claim to know how to make a cheesesteak but they don't chop up the steak properly. I always get the "loaded" which has mushrooms and onions.  The portion size is good and the price is reasonable.  I've been here twice and have already recommended people to come check this place out. Don't waste your money looking for a Philly cheesesteak fix anyplace else in South Florida. They sometimes close early or unexpectedly so call to make sure they are open and still selling before you arrive.
