Fun clubbing night, a nice sound system. Their promoters treat the customers like crap - part of the reason I will not be coming back. I know it's the most popular place in Miami and they are not struggling for business... but this has definitely not made part of my yearly Miami routine, because of the way promoters promise and then not deliver. Bar service was pretty quick which I liked. The night I went the DJ was just ok... but I am sure they have all kinds f DJ's all the time.
Awesome club that you'd imagine would be in Miami.  Great music, cool design, dancers in funky 'costumes'.  The line is ridiculous so if you can piggy back with people who've rented tables, that's the way to go. :)
Was there Saturday, April 26th with a group of girls for a bachelorette party. One girl's husband had a connection to try and get us in. We were from out of town and heard this was the place to 'see and be seen' so we figured we would try to get in after having dinner at Michael Mina (also at the Fountainbleau). Originally we were told $60 per person. We decided we would roll to another club. Then we find out the girls (7 of us) get in free and $100 for the one girl's husband. We all chip in so our group can all get in. Needless to say, after all the hype, we were highly underwhelmed. We were thinking that this would be the place where all of the beautiful people go to play, but we were hard pressed to find truly attractive men and women there. I am guessing these were people who paid $60 to get in??? I can honestly say I would have been pissed had I paid that much to get into an ok club that didn't live up to the hype. To add insult to injury, I ordered a vodka tonic....wait for it, wait for it, wait for it...$21 AND in a PLASTIC CUP. Needless to say, we didn't say too terribly long I think the highlight of the evening was getting the hateful looks from people in line as our group got past the proverbial velvet rope. Other than that, certainly not worth it!
We heard a lot of hype about this place and decided to arrive aearly to ensure we got in. You get the once over before you even make it to the door so be sure to 'dress to impress' to have a chance of getting in. Entrance for me and my partner was about  $90, but this is definately somewhere you want to check out (even if it's just the once) in Miami. Very beautiful people, the dance/house music was fun and everyone was having a good night. Drinks were super expensive so i would definately have a few before heading here. The venue is very opulant and spacious lots of walking and lounging spaces as well as a dance floor.
OVERRATED. I've heard so many things about how LIV is "the" club to go to in Miami.  The club is packed like a can of sardines and general admission tickets can range from $100-300 (on the more expensive side for males).  I don't even want to type out how much the tables cost here. We saw Alesso here on 3/28 and even with a table (against the upstairs railing), we didn't really enjoy our time there.  Although the drinks were consistently poured, the staff (cocktail servers, busboys, etc.) are extremely pushy to get around us.  Yes, I get that it can get crowded, but a simple "excuse me" would be nice.  However, the decor and the confetti showers were cool, the wristbands were LED-powered which also moved with the beat, and there's a vending machine with flats (!!!)  in the women's restrooms. It must've been Ultra weekend, so I'll visit LIV again on a non-event weekend in Miami.
I don't know why this place was recommended by so many people but it was not all that.  It didn't take us long to get in because we had connections but when we did get in, it was completely empty.  They were making people wait for no reason.  The entire lobby area was filled with people.  Drinks were so expensive and I really don't remember what kind of music they were playing.  It did get really packed and the crowd was pretty decent.  There was really no where to dance or stand if you didn't have a table.  One plus was that the bathroom had a short wait :)
I been to this place over 15 times in 4 months. This place is pretty awesome if you're a good looking girl. I get special treatment all the time. I get free VIP and champagne that cost over $7000, which I don't drink. This place is superficial, you'll have a hard time getting in if you aren't on the list. Tips on newcomers, if you're an attractive female find a club promoter because this place cost an arm and a leg.  (You'll find some club promoters walking on south beach or do your research!!) Just flaunt your buttox right into the sun and they'll come running up to you! NO SERIOUSLY.... The funniest thing is when i first met my club promoter, he made me do a twirl right in front of him before going into Liv. Lol you gotta pass the test ladies ;) If you're a guy pay in advance on their website,  because it's really difficult to get in PERIOD, unless you know people who work there. Sunday- Hip hop (if you're a lucky there might be a famous rapper's bday) Wednesday- hip hop Thursday, Friday, Saturday- Electronic, house, techno, trance.
I could say so much about this place...but really the following will speak for itself.....I had the best night of my life here!!! This spot is amazing! And so was everyone in it! The DJ was soooo good....the drinks were good...I cant wait to go back to Miami just to go here again!
Bad experience ever. No lines for this club actually, you are picked to go in. We have four guys, so there is no chance for you to go into the club!
Had a bit of trouble getting to the front to get acknowledged for table service, but when finally able to get to table, was well worth the trouble.. saw Dita Von Teese perform and was so pleased with VIP location, in proximity with stage.  Would come again, if door service accessibility was better..
LIV  (a.k.a. '54 formerly Tropigala Lounge) is one of the trendiest nightclubs in Miami and definitely has earned its reputation for the location, selectivity, and well-known DJs. If you do not have a contact, you'll have to pay about $45 during week nights and $100-200 on weekends depending on the DJ which could be pricey for local men. My tip if you do not have a contact is to buy your tickets online and you get in hassle-free. Most promoters will get women in for free if you arrive before peak time (12:30-1:30am). This is an expensive club and the cover grants you only access to the club, you still have to buy drinks! Well drinks are $25 -- rolling eyes... I feel like locals should get these fees waved but again, this is how they filter the people who get in. The "majority" of the people is attractive, others must have paid double to get in or they have some great contacts who let them in. The beats are phenomenal and you'll have an amazing time if you don't mind a crowded dance floor. If you want a similar experience at a lower cost, checkout Story (same owners).
Best club in south beach! 7 girls were visiting from LA for a bachelorette weekend and went to SET on Friday night and then came here on Saturday night. Swanky Tunes was DJing that night and it was one of the most amazing sets!! We had the top center table so the view was unreal. Coming from someone who visits Vegas at least a couple times a year --  this place was definitely worth visiting. It gets pretty packed on the floor, so don't be a cheap ass and fork out for bottle service. Just make sure there's a good DJ the night you plan on going.
How in the beep do people put a good review on this place? I. Came here w me and my boyfriend first thing we get to door and it's $80 For men and $60 for girls so that's $140 right there..... Then drinks are like $20 a shot! And it's not even hooked up it's hooked DOWN AND WHAT THEY HELL KINDA CROWD???? This is obviously the look at me tryna look cool crowd rather than the "lets freaking dance cause this musics bumpin. Crowd" AND THE PEOPLE I NEVER SEEN SO MANY FAKES IN ONE PLACE you smile and the girls give the rudest looks like they wanted to attack! Hey it's not my fault me and my boyfriend are hot and all over eachother We were not in our element guys for reals I mean stuck up stuck up stuck up Oh and EVERY SINGLE SECTION was cut off you couldn't even walk around the club without someone saying your not allowed all the money that my dude spent we shoulda had VIP everywhere! MOST HAPPENIN SPOT? I THINK NOT!!!! no one dancing in a packed club literally everyone standing around tryna look cool I should've went to Mansion -------like my boyfriend suggested he's not even from there and he always knows whats best damn One star for the other bored couple we met that we got turned up w for a bit the were from there and they said LIV had gone downhill mansion is where everyone dances and parties and has fun instead of standing there like idiots JUST LOOK AT THE PICTURES PACKED AZZ CRIWD W PEOPLE STANDING AROUND NOT DANCING! Never seen anything like it in my entire life. MAYBE ITS JUST CALI IR THE BAY WE KNOW HOW TO REALLY PARTAY HERE BAY BAY LOL K IM DONE
Awesome club!  I think it's the nicest club we went to in Miami.  Huge, trendy, packed and happenin, great music, hot go go dancers, beautiful people.  Must party here if you go to Miami!
Over the top, typical miami night club. One of the best parts of this night club us that the toilets were very clean. No puke, no shortage of toilet paper, no line. Trust me, in New York, even some if the nicer clubs have such dirty toilets that you would want to go home early just so you can pee. The lobby was very crowded when we got there. Everyone was dressed up. My girlfriend and I got in without any wait since we had both bought tickets online in advance. We also paid about $30-$40 online which is much cheaper than what you would have to pay at the door. I am pretty sure lots of people waiting in the lobby never made it in. We walked into the beautiful 2 story night club. I noticed a lot of girls just sat at their tables, as if they were on display for everyone to look and did not dance at all. There were lots of people dancing too, of course. I love the way this night club handed out fun objects like these things you could wave around with the word "LIV" on it, and also made it rain with conffeti with the word "LIV" on it. Very fun. I'll be happy to go back.
The only club in south beach worth going to. Full of Beautiful people, great music in a beautifully decorated atmosphere. Table service is a must if you want to enjoy this place to the fullest! Otherwise you will be stuck pushing and being pushed in a very unorganized undefined line to get it.
I get it... It's Miami, it's a groupie's  #1 hangout, it's supposed to be " the it club" yada yada but $60.00 bucks per person wth?!?! I'm not cheap but I am frugal with my coins and this place although very nice is so overrated. For $300 (there were 5 of us who were dressed to the nines and on time) we could have had bottle service and two bottles from our area. Tuh There was no line just a crowd of people waiting to get chose by the big bad ass security guards. They acted like we were waiting to get into the gates of heaven or something. Security: ladies move it and keep this area clear!!! Me: Calm down boo there's just a couple of sparkly steps and rent-A-cops ahead.   Once you get in It's freezing cold so your butt better make it to the dance floor to warm up or if you're feeling jazzy you could warm up with a $25 "WELL" drink ha. A total rip off and a joke. We left at 3:30am and there was a crowd of people still trying to get in...it's a boost and the nose candy chicks were in full effect. Fyi: If and when you go get wasted at your condo/ hotel. You will thank me lata hunnie. Better yet chill at the bar in the hotel. They were jamming and the guys were much cuter over there. Lol
The lines are ridiculous and the venue is overrated.  Staff is rude.  I would definitely never come back.
First time in Miami, you have to go LIV just to say you have! Don't get me wrong, I was totally turned off by the loads of negative reviews - expensive drinks, douchey door men, super packed club. I took all of these in account but decided to go anyways. My girlfriends and I got in no problem for free. Upon walking into the club it reminded me a lot of Vegas especially Haze if you've ever been. I was very impressed. Drinks are expensive, $16 a shot plus 20% gratuity already added onto your bill. 5 shots came out to $97. My bartender was very nice and super attentive so I'm not too bent over the price. The music was good, EDM and hip hop. The crowd, I don't quite remember - blame it on the alcohol. Overall, I had a good experience and would probably come back if I'm ever in Miami again.
I'm still confused about the entry process?? Apparently you have to show yourself in a crowd and get selected for your golden ticket. That was a first for me but I guess this is Miami's night scene in full effect. Well lucky me I was "chosen" to go in and it was really cool inside, very large and massive with "gawgeous" people everywhere. My only gripe was the demographic of the party goers that night. I'm not sure what night is what but they played all dance/techno music and it was not too many umm.... "Chocolate faces" in this joint or not a good mixture in my opinion but oh well such is life. This place is super expensive so be prepared to shell out a lout of bucks!!
So... If you're a tourist and you want to have a really awesome time in Miami, you need to go here.  At least once.  Please just try to block out the administrative hassle from your mind and the rest will be good.  Please learn from our mistakes. (((PRO TIPS))):  GET IN BEFORE 1AM.  Like 1230 at the latest.  BRING LOTS OF MONEY.  It's very expensive.  PRE-PARTY AT BLEU BAR.  Awesome ambiance if waiting for friends to meet up. We were staying at the Fontainebleu hotel for a conference, so we ended up stopping in here twice.  We learned our lessons the hard way.  One night we ended up dropping $60 for each guy to get in.  We still had to weasel some shady business with the bouncer and there is no semblance of a line outside, just a big mob of people metaphorically waving cash at the bouncers.  The "line" in the lobby is ridiculous after 1am, and you could end up having to wait until 2:30. (we waited AN HOUR). The club itself is awesome.  There's a reason we went back a second night.  The interior is way cool, with blue and red mood lighting, laser lights, and well-known DJs playing great music.  The vibe and ambiance inside ranks up there with the best clubs I've been to in Vegas and the people were all lively and energetic.  The facilities (read: bathrooms) were classy and clean.  It wasn't too much of a pain to order drinks (several side-bars available), but of course they were pricey.  The big negative hit for us was the water was like $10 (for a bottle; they wouldn't serve tap/cups).  FYI: worth refilling in the bathroom sink for that price. I'd never be a regular here, unless I could afford table service every night, but a very cool experience.  I'd recommend it to friends for at least 1 crazy night!
I LOVE LIV. I've only been here twice (Porter Robinson and Tiesto) but each time I go its just so beautiful and I have such a good time. If you're kinda gross looking or you're with a bunch of guys then quite simply you're f&*^ed but if you're cute and with your girl friends prepare to have a good night. You walk in and its just PEOPLE from beginning to end. The DJ is at the bottom of the steps and your night begins. Drinks are expensive obviously, if thats your concern then go to Mekka or The Cove, if not then go for it. They do make them strong however. There's beautiful people EVERYWHERE. My god I think my neck hurt more than my feet because I was breaking neck everywhere I went in that place. I feel like it's a little small but the point of it is for it to feel exclusive, and it works. I so want to have a table here one day but alas I don't have the money to blow for that. DJs here don't skimp on their sets either or put on a crap show. Tiesto played from 12-5am last time I saw him and of course he was amazing. The place itself is gorgeous, 50,000 LEDs on the roof and those weird octopus things hanging from the ceiling. Also they sometimes open the back and make it a TRAMPOLINE! Ahh so fun, they also have a mechanical bull sometimes. Overall: highly recommended if you're a 10-7.5 on the beauty scale, good for partying and watching your favorite DJ.
Went to club liv and the Fountaineblue hotel earlier this year for a friends birthday. I have to admit the fountainblue hotel is very upscale and beautifully decorated establishment.  The restaurant inside the hotel (which I forgot the name of)was ok , some of the entrees portions were very small.  However, club liv suuuuuuucks.  I may not be into the whole "club scene" but I know a good spot when I see one. The music was not good, the drinks cost an arm and a leg, there was a very high cover charge to get in, and we had to make line to get in even though we were hotel guests. The crowd was a mix of tourists, older business man trying to hook up with the anorexic self centered chick, and a little bit of the locals. While hanging out inside the club I happen to lean (not even sit) on the back of a couch and this freakishly large bouncer man almost rushed me. Seriously dude? I am 5'1" and 114 lbs what harm can my small stature possibly cause on the back of a couch. But then again most girls in there were half my size so I  probably looked obese to him.  Maybe he thought I was going to dent the couch ??? Lol. Pretty much I would not waste my time here again.?There are plenty of other places to go to in this city.
Great club and easy to get into.  The club has a nice dome effect with lights dancing with the music.  Upstairs is the hip hop area and very small.  Dancers are pretty good there and the space is wide open with a huge dance floor downstairs.  Bathrooms are clean and nicely decorated.  It's the NEW HOTTEST SPOT in Miami right now.
The worst experience at a club ever. It is overly crowded ESPECIALLY on Sundays . Do not go if you do not have VIP. They are very choosy which is expected ( I mean this is Miami) . There is literally no room to dance or enjoy yourself. The music was great tho. Come early to avoid the line .
It was wednesday. The hassling outside was all too serious for Nothing. I would say the crowd wasn't too ethnic or diverse for having been "International wednesday" but, I digress. There was a crowd of over 200 waiting and being pushed left and right to get in. Bouncers were entirely too rude to them, and I think they stood there all night. No bull. It's like Vegas, just crazy hyped maybe because it's in the FB. I had so much fun once I got in, especially for this being my second time, and a regular night. Once in, they go completely goo goo over athletes so I had someone asking me if I was okay every second at the table. Although both my experiences - Pro Bowl and Wed were extremely fun, I would NEVER go to Liv without a table, and I can't stand the treatment of "regular" admission clubbers I saw that night.  5 star night with a club that gives 2 to 5 star treatment by the bankbook.
Great scene, but make sure you are ready to PAY PAY PAY Granted, it is a club in the heart of one of the sceniest places on PLANET EARTH with all the celebs, and I guess it didn't help that it was YACHT week with all the billionaires in town. Make sure you dress to impress unless you know someone and do not try and fool around with any FAKE IDs as these guys are strict.
This club definitely lives up to its reputation of being one of the hippest night clubs in the world. We def got very very lucky to get in... Gnarles Barkley was a guest at the club and spontaneously came on stage and performed...it was awesome!! Pros: hip crowd, hip dancers, great confetti...had pretty much everything u look fpr in a club... Cons: almost impossible to get in unless u pull some strings, lousy expensive drinks...
I must say this is the most RACIST club EVER!!! Me and my cousins visited Miami from California for one of their birthdays. We stood in line for almost a hour and a half, two hours! The door men are rude as hell and, let's just say, if you were black you WERE NOT getting in. It's sad how they really pick and choose the girls they want to come in, based on how they look. They REALLY need the BBB (Better Business Bureau) called on them because it's ridiculous! I will never go there again, but I had the time of my life in Miami WITHOUT this stupid club! :)
I was connected do there was no issue getting in, but if not just make sure you set aside your mortgage payment. Table service seems mandatory for admission but once in you will have the time of your life. For the guys ladys of all shapes and sizes in very seductive wear. For the ladies guys willing to do what it takes to get your attention. The best night to go is Sunday and remember your in Miami trick.
This is definitely the venue to see and be seen. The night we went was packed with beautiful people. You have to get a table. It gets so packed on Saturday nights it's almost impossible to walk around but it's great if you have a table. The servers are incredibly friendly and helpful. The entry fee is $40 but that fee is waived if you're getting a table! As for the bathrooms they were clean! And for a club that busy, that's shocking. The music was awesome, too! I'll definitely come back here for my next South beach trip!
Good spot, but just to crazy!. Line is always long and everything is a mission. VIP access is horrible and Bouncers are not friendly when you get a few bottles. Good music though that I have to say!
Pretty trendy nightclub in Southbeach
Was here last night as my bf was raving how great it is (though he himself has not been in here, just word of mouth) so we try to get there early as online there were no more tickets for males (soldout). We were standing by the ropes at 1030 as the crowd by the lobby area was getting packed so we were getting really hyped up (while drinking). Initially we did not know where the line starts as there were no clear delineation on where it starts so we just stood by the rope and hope for the best. Come 1130 the door man just started opening ropes in spots he wants and choosing who is to come in and who is to stay outside. I was pissed at this time as he was just picking, picking bunch of girls! I was with my boyfriend and it was only two of us but the doorman kept on choosing "bunch of girls" or those who had table service (which costs $3k, when my bf asked). Finally, got in to talking to two more couple while we were behind the line so it made us 3 hot girls and 3 guys. The door man finally came through, got in (paid $80/male and $40/female at the door... do not buy online as it was more expensive, just risk it at the door if you can get in because even with online tickets the doorman still has to choose you  to let you in anyway)and yeah it was huge inside with a ratio of 10 females to 2 males. I must say the decor was nice, huge and the lights were amazing, but for 4 diluted mojitos $150... i've had better. Dj played techno all night (which I don't mind) but my bf is a hiphop person so we left early. Tonight, he wants to come back for Busta Rhymes bday party. I'm hoping that it would be a better experience than last night. Got a number from somebody so that we can get into the guest list and hopefully this person pulls it through and I might just change the rating... might...
This club is pretty much chaos. There's no line, just a bunch of people crowding around a roped off area until the bouncers pick and choose who they want to bring in. Unless you're rolling with 4+ girls or 2+ really hot ones, prepare for a wait. If you're just a group of guys, you better know someone or just shuffle off to the bar for more drinks. I managed to get in after a while and that's when I found out that the cover charge for guys was...  $80!!! Of course I paid it because I wasn't about to take a taxi to Mansion or Space, etc after waiting however long. The club is really beautifully designed with one main dance floor. Two bars on either side on the bottom and two bars on either side on the top. Nice bathrooms which wasn't a fustercluck like other club bathrooms. The floor gets packed but I always had enough space to do my thing (sway side to side yo!) and even managed to move around the floor. For the most part, the people are friendly so you're not going to get punched in the face. Normally. Another plus, the club closes at 5 so it's not hard to make that entry fee worth it. However, make sure you pre-party because I hear the drinks inside are more expensive than Vegas. Myself? I just had that cup of vodka to work off of. All in all, pretty fun club. If it was cheaper, even at 30 or 40, it'd be way better. I'd give this a 3.5. Minus stars for no line, the cover and price of drinks. Yikes. Pro-tip: Before going in, order a Vodka on the rocks from the bar outside. It's around $22 but the bartender may hook you up like she hooked me up. She literally filled my cup to the brim with Kettle. Just remember to finish it before you go in because you can't bring it with you.
Blowing it up right now!!! the very best club in miami beac and the social director from the south beach group hotels hooked us up here! southbeachgroup.com under concierge services and contact Derek.
It was our first night in Miami (Thursday night). We knew clubbing was pretty popular for Friday and Saturday, but as a bachelorette party of 7 girls we wanted to go out and drink still. Usually we went out to the club around 11-12 (since clubs in North Carolina close at 2am). This is ridiculously EARLY in Miami's world. We stayed at Fontainebleau so we just scurried our way over in line, not expecting to be picked out to go into the nightclub but once we went hit the cover stand, the man told us our bride couldn't wear her sash (what is a Bachelorette party without a sash?) so we left. Luckily, another male bouncer saw us leaving and pulled us right to the entry of the club. He said he would hold onto our bride's sash so we could party all night. (What a sweetheart!!) Walking in, the club has an elegant appeal to it but it was freezing cold and empty. Walking around some more, a guy comes up to us as we are buying drinks and tells us, "Oh have a free table, on the house"... LUCKY, LUCKY US. Our mixed drinks were already $20 a pop (for a Midori Sour?! Good lawd.) so this saved us $2000!! At around 12:30, people started piling in.. then we realized that the guy told to sit at a dude's table to be eye candy. Lucky for us, he was actually really sweet. PS, if you're Asian, you're exotic. People seem to love our "eyes" and got asked to be in many random people's pictures? Weird.
I've been here a few times.. The bouncers and door people are extremely rude and pretentious. One time I went with two African American girls, we were ignored and could not get in. Yet the week prior I was with 4 Asian girls and got right in, without paying. Extremely racist and picky bouncers . Entrance fee is overpriced. One time they were charging $60 for ladies to get in. Ok..so if and once you get into the club..the club itself is amazing. Its gigantic and they play excellent music. Although I've had nightmares trying to get into the club. I've only had amazing dreams come true within the club. i hardly ever have to pay for drinks. The men are wealthy and giving. I've met really great people there. Inside staff are friendly. 1 star for door people. 5 stars for actual club.
You're always in for a good time at LIV. The music is typically great- definitely a good dance spot. I love that all their benches and tables have very broad tops- makes it easy to dance on them haha. The drinks are expensive, and the tables are SUPER expensive. If you go on a night that a famous DJ isn't performing, you can typically get in ok, but on busy nights, you probably won't get in without paying at least cover, if not having to buy a bottle/table. It's very pricey, but, again, I've never had a bad night here. The setup and the lighting and decorations are just set up for a good night.
I came here for my gf's bachelorette party cus we heard it was a nice location for clubbing.  When we arrive, the host told us no line, just first come first serve base.  So the bride to be was not allow to wear her sash per the host, but of course later on that night, we saw someone else wearing it inside the club.  The waited to go in took us about 30 minutes.  Since you are not on the guest list, we all had to pay $20, which is fine like any other club.  It was empty at first, but it start getting crowded.  As it get crowded inside, we noticed a lot of "daddy" and "mommy" type of crowd.  we barely stayed for 2 hours and we just left.  The DJ started off slow, but it got better throughout our stay.  Not sure if I will return for a bachelorette party tho...
I think I'm simply too old for this scene, although I did have a good time at a dance club in Houston that was much smaller, but had much better music. First, I like hip-hop and R&B and I like to dance, not jump around. Second, I like decent drinks, but not at $28 a piece, and three, I didn't see any of the beautiful people I thought I would. Just regular folks in extra tight dresses and in extra high heels, jumping around to really regular (but crazy loud) house music. After paying holiday weekend prices to get in ($75 each for women), me and my friend left for the Fountainbleau lobby, where a different DJ was spinning music we could actually dance to, so we did until about 2 a.m. Lesson learned. I'm too old for house music/manufactured smoke/disco ball/jump around clubs, even if I can afford them now. Good to know...
Great scene, but they only play Dance music... no variation of hip hop, rock, pop, etc.  Had bottle service there with few friends with $$$$ and the escorted service was nice.  Waiting for our VIP entrance was annoying though.  I came with a bunch of girlfriends for my 30th birthday on Jan 27-29th, and enjoyed TWIST night club 10x more.
I think Liv still thinks it's the hottest club when it's really on the way out. In a group of 10 hot skinny girls, one night a promoter approached us to get in immediately, and the other night they almost made us pay $40 cover and let us walk away before letting us in. Both nights, it was fun but not worth all the hype. One night the DJ was playing cheesy, weird, not sing- or dance-able music. Another night there was a guest DJ I never heard of and his spins were all kind of the same. The club is massive so you're not trampled moving around, and the women's bathrooms are pleasantly devoid of lines. I will give credit in those areas. But maybe that just means not many people want to be there... In short, if you're already here and don't have to pay, it won't waste your time. If its too much effort, skip.
Got there about 1130 and waited about half an hour, to get in, of course we had 4 other girls with us. The venue is BEAUTIFUL. Layout is one of the best I've seen. The crowd was kinda old for my liking hence the 3 stars, prices for drink are ridiculous here, overall ok experience.
My girlfriend and I went to LIV during our stay in Miami beach. We read different reviews saying how great the place is... and we got curious reading some comments about how hard it is to get in. We asked some people from the hotel we were staying at and they told us it was overrated and not to go there... that got us even more curious ! So one night we got a cab to the Fontainebleau to go check it out. We got there around 11 pm and got in right away (it was still fairly empty). The cover was $100 for both of us ($60 for me, $40 for my gf), it is a little expensive, but I did not find that outrageous. I was expecting the drinks to be "extra over-priced", they were just "over-priced" ($18 with tip for a well). The Dj was not great at all ! it was a Thursday night, the club was fairly full, I was a little disappointed. In Vegas, you would pay less (slightly) and get big names on a Thursday night with that kind of crowd.... There were a lot of people that were there, but really did not seem to have fun at all, maybe they were just there to be there... The club is a nice, the people are pretty (it's south beach after all) but I did not see what was so special about it one way or the other. Maybe I would revise this comment if we go back with a different DJ. I would give 2.5 stars, because it was not bad, but it was not great either. Maybe you it fits more to larger groups willing to spend $5k+ on a table...
One of the promoters assaulted my friend for refusing his flyer on the street. I don't think that's acceptable and cannot believe a reputable club would allow this behavior. Will no longer frequent this club.
Didn't get there early. Didn't want to pay 40 dollars per person. Miami is dumb for making girls pay considering NY and Las Vegas never does.
If you don't mind paying for a table and service isn't a big thing then this place is fine but if you pay for table ($5000) and expect to have a good experience and even better service you're in for a HUGE disappointment.   They're not consistent with their service at all. We went 10/11 and had an awesome time. Everyone was friendly and asking us through out the night how we were doing. Then we went back 10/25 and it was terrible!! We got a table this time and one security guard was such an ass, very disrespectful!! We dressed up for Halloween and wore small mask just over our eyes and instead of the security guard asking us to please take off our masks and how it's a security issue he didn't instead he dealt with us in a manner he shouldn't have. He came up to us and told us if we didn't take it off HE WOULD and then kick us out!!!! We also heard him uttering under his breath very rude comments about us. I don't pay for a table to experience and to receive service like that. I wrote them a letter and they have yet to get back to me. I'm sure they don't care which is only going to hurt their business because we can't be the only party who got disrespected by one of there staff members. GIVE YOUR MONEY TO ANOTHER CLUB!!!
While this place is gorgeous, it has a lot of negatives: 1.  Only trance music is played (ugh...hate this type of music).  Give me some variety! 2.  Ran into a few bartenders that were rude!  Ordered 2 double vodka tonics and the total was $83.  Yes, $83 for 2 drinks!  The bartender had to repeat herself 4x because I could not believe the number I had just been told.  When we said we didn't want the drinks anymore, she said she would have to pay for them herself and that she would have to call security...so we paid.  FYI pretty bartender-warn the customer!  I was there for a charity event and never in my wildest dreams did I think drink prices could be so high.  Ordered 2 beers after that and they were served in plastic cups and were hot (the beers were $22).   3.  Valet parking is insanely expensive as well.  $20-$38...ridiculous! I get it people, this is Miami and one of the hottest nightclubs in town but holy baby Jesus this place is unaffordable.  I am glad I went and checked it out but my money is better spent on anything else besides overpriced drinks served by snooty bartenders.
Most overrated club on the eastern seaboard.
Club LIV is a scam! My story is proof: There was an airplane advertising Fabolous, Trey Songz, & DJ Clue at LIV for Sunday 3/17. I thought, "Great!" But that's when the nightmare began... When I got home, I logged on to LIV's website, and I was forwarded to another site (wanttickets.com), only to find that there were no presale tickets for the event. So, I drove down there, arriving at 12:30 am. I had the valet park my car for $30, and the valet attendant told me that entry to the club would only be $30! I couldn't believe the entry would be so cheap! I thought I was in heaven!... Here I was, about to see the most amazing musical performance, at one of the most gorgeous venues in MIA!!! Right?...  Wrong!!! The club entrance is through the Fountainbleau Hotel. There was huge crowd surrounding the club entrance, waiting to get it in, but there was no line--beginning or end. Just a mob of people trying to get the bouncers' attention for entry. After about 10 minutes or so, I started chatting with some of the folks who were trying to get in. Some had been waiting for over an hour!!! Finally, I just walked to the front of the chaos, and a bouncer chose me to go in. Feeling lucky, I worked my way toward the club's entrance, where the cashier proceeded to tell me that the cost of entry was $100! I tried explaining that the valet person told me that it was $30, but the cashier very rudely and adamantly insisted that she didn't care what I heard, and that I either had to pay $100.00 or leave. (Wow!) Of course I wanted to see Trey and DJ Clue and Fabolous, so I forked up the $100 right away. I had to go through a security checkpoint, and there, the guard nearly yanked my tiny clutch purse off of my wrist and proceeded to go through it, as if I was "packin". Sheesh!..., but finally I got in. I quickly made my way to the bar and ordered a tall Vodka and Red Bull. $36.00! CHA-CHING! Meanwhile, I waited and waited and waited for the show to start, but it never did! Three drinks later (=$125), NO ONE SHOWED UP!!!! I stayed to 5:30 am, and no one showed up! When I asked the security guard to speak with a manager, he physically shoved me out of the club and locked the doors. WOW!!! That's it! There's no one to contact! No way to get a hold anyone responsible for the false advertisement NOTHING! I (a single fly girl) spent a total of $260.00 to get pushed and shoved around by the BULLIES who run LIV. BEWARE!
I was expecting to wait forever & be hand picked to get in. Completely opposite, me & my girls walked in, told the bouncer it was 9 of us, waited about 4m & straight in we went
This place really tore me a new one. $60 to enter, $26 per glass of black label, $11 per beer. Bunch of grimy people on all sorts of drugs... Next time I'll pass and not end up spending nearly $300 as well as having to worry about contracting something from the locals. Avoid this place unless you like taking drugs.
my friend Y wanted to go dancing on wednesday and she kept on telling me about LIV, a club ive only heard of on TV and shit. im not the south beach mega club type-of-guy, but Y knows how to party proper so i accepted her invitation. thank god for cold weather in miami cause i usually dress pretty ratty but since it was cold, i was wearing nice dressy pants, a long sleeve shirt, a geeky sweater and a fancy scarf. Y was dressed up all hot and stuff. the moment we walked into the lobby i thought, oh man, im going to stand there for 10 minutes, get annoyed and leave... there was a group of people trying to get in. a lot of dudes trying to get in. fuck them, i know! so we stand next to a group of 8 girls which get in immediately. as soon as that happens, me and Y make eye contact (hint hint) with the bouncer. he asked me, is it just you two? yes sir. come on in, the bouncer said without skipping a beat. so, word of advice for the dudes. find a girl. like... in general. thanks. LIV is pimp, posh, pricey and a bit ghetto. ghetto boys get ladies too. shit, sometimes i even wonder. what the hell is this beautiful whore doing with this ex-convict? but with time, i have learned not to jugde. ok, i lie. that was bullshit. i witnessed two fights while at LIV that night. tell me thats not ghetto. so i havent been drinking for a while and im glad cause Y wanted a drink and i walked her to the bar. she ordered a chivas on the rocks. the bartender was actually nice and smiley, of course, she was charging $21 for that glass of chivas. "here you go, chivas on the rocks, its 21 dollars baby." i wonder if she ever thinks to herself, "here you go, its 21 dollars. fuck you baby. pay up." but thats just my imagination running wild. anyways, add two dollars tip and thats 23 dollars Y dropped for a chivas on the rocks. yes people. LIV is pricey so unless you really roll high, dont you even try... it would be stupid to spend 50 bucks on two drinks when you pay $100 a month for your hyundai. seriously. dont you even try. Y wanted a cigarette so she decided to bum one from one of the losers who actually paid for table service, so i stepped to the side and let her do her thang.... the beautiful uber-expensive cabanas... unidentified loser got his hopes high. he offered her a cig and even shared some of his vodka with her because he and his buddies had a whole bottle. she smoked her cigarette and then said peace sucka. so off we go dance. music was ok. not the typical poplife stuff which is not necessarily bad but unexpected when you think of poplife. we had fun. we danced and jumped and clowned by the dj booth. so, if youre already in, you can make this place fun for you... thats if you look for and find your space. the dance floor was packed and we dont like that. Y got thirsty again but this time she went for a corona. that was $8 but Y didnt tip the bartender this time (not the same bartender she got first) because she was a snappy bitch. i usually hate it when people dont tip but in this case. fuck her. dont give attitude to costumers even if your job sucks and especially when no one is giving you attitude. in short. LIV is huge and beautiful. you can potentially have fun here if you go with the right crowd and find a comfortable spot. you will spend money like crazy and might witness a couple of fights. i can see how club-goers can idolize this place cause the property is spectacular. i can see how people who dont get inside LIV dream about bombing this place off the map, but thats just the way huge hot posh clubs are everywhere in the world. deal with it or skip it. i personally would not even think of going on a weekend and definitely would not go more than 4 times a year, if that.
YES, you can get in, on a Saturday Night, for free, without a promoter, without bottle service, without being 5'10 and a sexy european model. How to do it? 1. Get their early (10pm) 2. Look your best (obviously) 3. Be front row at the velvet ropes 4. Talk to the guys around you, because they WILL offer to pay your entrance if you get them in! I'm 5'0 and decent looking asian girl. I cam with three other girls about the same as me. WE read reviews and said "F it, lets try and get in? Well, we did, on a SATURDAY night, when all other reviewers wrote that it would be almost impossible with out a promoter or bottle service! Follow the instructions above and you will DEF get in! The club it self? (and my review is based completely on alcohol (i don't pop molly =P ) AMAZING, the energy, the lights, the people. beautiful people all around you, amazing light show, amazing DJ, Its a must go on any girls weekend, and I completely would do it all over again.!! side note: We also went on Hip Hop sunday, completely different experience. NO line, it was a hip hop crowd, not my scene. We only went there because there was no where else to party on a sunday night.
A group of 5 of us were here last Friday and singularly had the most epic club experience of our lives!!! Miami was a trip we had been hyping up for a year now and our table service @ LIV was expected to be the hallmark of our trip and did it not only meet but far exceeded our wildest expectations!!! We started the night right with a bottle of Ace of Spades Rosé and J. Cole ended up performing live that night which got us totally turnt up and the entire club jumpin'. As I looked around the club, mesmerized by the amazing display of lights and bumping bass, and all the people standing on stage and on their couches, I made sure to soak in the incredible vibe. Unlike most VIP places at clubs, the staff here @ LIV makes you feel like a true VIP. They made sure our glasses were never empty, were courteous and fun, and pretty much let us do whatever the hell we wanted...lol. We were standing on the couches, standing on the stage, and we even got to blaze up a cigar to puff on. We felt like true bosses!!! Can't wait to return to and party up here again because you only LIV once!!!
This place really tore me a new one. $60 to enter, $26 per glass of black label, $11 per beer. Bunch of grimy people on all sorts of drugs... Next time I'll pass and not end up spending nearly $300 as well as having to worry about contracting something from the locals. Avoid this place unless you like taking drugs.
I don't mind paying top dollar for anything of quality, convenience, and amazing hospitality. However, LIV staff and hotel made me feel very Bleu....I booked fountainebleu  just for the night club LIV, and since  I seen all the online hype as a tourist coming from LA  where we have amazing night clubs,  I thought it would be wonderful to be able to walk right up to the room after a great night. Fountaine Bleu offered no special privileges for entry  even with the offered entry payment well over $120, and after waiting over an hour I still was not granted entrance. The door men continuously guaranteed that they would get around to letting "us"  only 2 beautiful ladies in and never got around to it.  Finally,I became upset after just getting of a 5 hour flight and excited to have a great time, waiting over 2 hours to get into a night club was unacceptable. I talked to the African man who seemed to be in charge and he told me in the most degrading tone and expression that he would be making me wait longer and called me a "loser" while I am a tourist willing to pay my fair way in. I heard there were beautiful people but all I seen were old men with young women like it was some kind of pimp and ho contest. However, I will give credit to that fact that they were all ready for the dog and pony show. I AM A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS WOMAN AND I FEEL THAT I WAS SEXUALLY PROFILED AND OPRESSED BY THE STAFF OF THIS NIGHT CLUB BECAUSE I AM WEALTHY AND STRONG ENOUGH WOMAN TO DO WITHOUT THE OLD SUGAR DADDIES.
Let's face it.  I'm a short and petite Asian girl.  Yeah, I'm cute.  But I'm no Barbie.  My chances of getting in, alone and wearing a skanky outfit and Prada heels: 2%.  My chances of getting in if there were 4 of my kind, all in skanky outfits and Prada heels: 4%.  With guys: 0.03%.  With a promoter: 99% All right, I'm in.  My facebook status now says "LIV'n it up!"  What do I see?  Grand entrance, grand staircase, dizzying lights, sleek decor.  Barbies and Kens.  One time I saw a big old lady wearing a generic purse from Target and dirty white flip flops. Ok now I'm drunk-- it's my first drink, and my enzymes aren't working.  Malibu baybreeze in one hand, and it's spilling.  I paid $22 for this; good thing I'm Asian. The music's loud.  It's all electronic...and then it's all hip-hop.  Some skinny French dude is mixing....what? who? D--something---Guetta?  Yeah, he was ok.  They passed around some glowsticks, so that was cool.  I got to take one home, which was cool also. Ummm what else.  The Heat party here.  The night they won the the championships LeBron was singing karaoke on top of the DJ booth.  Erik Spoelstra, my future husband, was nowhere to be found.  I guess we don't have clubbing in common. Well that was all I remember of my experience.  Good morning.  Make sure you know a promoter.
I would give this place NEGATIVE stars if possible. I don't know who would gave this place 5 stars, because they obviously had a completely different experience than me and my friends. However, it seems like the majority of commenters had the same problems as my friends and I did. My friends and I were here for a bachelorette party, and heard from several people that this was THE PLACE to be. We proceeded to spend almost all day trying to figure out how to get in, since its so "exclusive" you need to know a promoter. We end up getting to the club, where it actually wasn't difficult to get in. We were a group of four attractive girls, it shouldn't have been difficult anyways. But then they wanted $40? Per person? Mmmmmnnyahhh. We didn't want to get in THAT badly, so we started to walk away, when another guard comes and literally pulls us back and tells us that we can get in for $20. Also, since it was my friend's bachelorette party she was wearing a sash and a necklace signifying her big day/weekend. Another security guy approaches her and tells her she has to take it off, so we do, and begin to put it in our purse, but he rudely tries to TAKE it, saying we absolutely cannot have it, period, in the club. We have to freaking promise that it won't come back out again. We finally get INTO the club, where, yes, the venue is nicely lit and music is pumping, cool. I went to get a drink. $26 for a tiny ass jack and coke?! Jack is not exactly top shelf, why are you charging so much for ONE drink?! But I'm trying to have a good time, so I pay, just knowing it will be my last drink. Also, for how "exclusive" this place supposedly is, I definitely expected to see wayyy more attractive people. And expected to have a fun time. Nobody was on the floor dancing, they were all just milling about, with a faraway look in their eye, probably wishing they hadn't spent so much money to get into a mediocre club. Didn't see anyone attractive. Nobody wanted to dance. Finally, we were invited up to a table, where there was specifically only one or two nice person, who seemed interested in having fun. Everyone else looked disinterested, ignored us, and made us feel unwelcome. A friend and I leave for a cigarette, because you can only smoke outdoors there, which was weird, everywhere else in Miami you can light up just about anywhere. We come back and there is a security guard standing at the table. My friend wants juice to sober up, and he stands in my way. I ask him to grab the bottle of ORANGE juice, and he refuses, saying that we aren't welcome at this table any longer and that we will not be served AT ALL. I'm not asking for the bottle of Goose, I just want some orange juice, man. Confused, I asked who told him that, and what was going on. He just ignored my questions, continued to block me, acting like I wasn't even there, just muttering under his breath that they didn't want me there. I'm ready to leave at this point fed up with the rudeness of everybody there and just general lack of customer service and fun atmosphere. If you want to have a good time, don't go here. It is a waste of time and energy and money. I dressed up to have a good time with friends in a stress-free environment, since I was on vacation. I have NEVER been treated so insanely rude, like I was a desperate, good for nothing BUM. Which, I am not. Keep your so called exclusivity, LIV, soon it will be SO exclusive no one will go there.
Awesome, amazing, gorgeous venue. Expensive but I can honestly say it's money well spent. Get to know the right people and you'll have a certain advantage for example promoters for guestlist and hosts to walk you into the club. Sound is awesome, just stand in front of their subwoofers and feel the bass amp your night... literally. It really enhanced my party mode. Lights everywhere... bathrooms were fantastic and freakishly clean. I even took my time in there... with a numero dos. Now for the bad, it's crazy expensive. 4 shots with the mandatory tip comes out $75. And of course, one round isn't enough so expect to come back often. We were well taken care of though, Felicia made us these tasty and strong shooters that we kept coming back for. I think it was Ciroc, Hypnotiq, and Hennessy poured over ice and shaken with a bit of sprite and sweet and sour mix. It got us feeling good. I would come back if I'm ever in Miami Beach/South Beach again.
Liv is one of those clubs that you have to go to, to say that you've been there atleast once. But honestly, once is really all you need. It is fairly small for the amount of people that attend. Mostly a touristy vibe. I prefer the weeknights where it is not as slammed and you can actually sit down or even dance because there is room. The only problem is that on those nights, you won't  catch any real good dj acts. Any big dj name comes and the house is uber packed. My advice is to go with someone that knows someone so you can bipass all the chaos and make it in without breaking a sweat. And once you do get in, then it's push and shove the whole night because the place is crammed and there is nowhere to sit, stand, dance. And you are doing endless loops around the club, while listening to you're fav.djs of course. My suggestion is to get a table on these given nights. The sound system and lights are excellent. The dancers, glowsticks, and promo glasses really make it a fun night. The entertainment is definitely there but I think I mustve had about 8 drinks spilled on my feet that night. Maybe it's not Liv but the crowd itself I don't care for.
This is definitely the place to see and be seen. Looking around this is clearly where all the pretty people go to play. Getting a table is a must. I would have been miserable without one. It gets so packed in there its almost impossible to walk around. But if you have a table you'll have plenty of room to do your thing. The cocktail waitresses are incredibly friendly and helpful and the security is wonderful. The security guarding the tables is very cautious of guarding the women at the table and making sure they're comfortable. As for the bathrooms I was pleasantly surprised! They were clean! And for a club that's shocking. Not to mention they had 8+ stalls. Again shocking for a womens bathroom at a club. I never had to wait longer than two minutes in line. Apparently there was an entry fee?? Hmm yeah cant comment on that because no one made us pay one! There was also a line to get in. Im not big on waiting in lines. I don't have the patience. My girls and I went to the side where you exit and were escorted in by a door guy. I'll definitely come back here for my next South beach trip!
This place is the worst of the worst.   It is the TYPICAL Ken and Barbie crowd, and sadly, the owner intends to keep it that way. If you actually have a little meat on your bones or a BRAIN or an original sense of style--you will be turned AWAY AT THE DOOR.  You may even be on a GUEST LIST, but they will still not let you in, unless you have large, fake breasts, an orange tan and blonde hair.  A brainless neanderthal scopes out anything with a vagina under and 110 pounds, and lets them in. All others, who he is not interested in sexually,  will be standing outside all night, regardless of money, guest list or gender.   Dita Von Teese performed here recently and her fans were treated miserably.  Most never got in.
Worst experience ever. Absolutely degrading. Hyped up for no reason. Left the place livid, and had an amazing night at the clevelander & mangos.
Horrible. 120 to get in.  36 for 2 crappy drinks.  This place is the biggest rip off I've seen in the entire planet earth. Di not waste your time or money.  Go to McDonald's instead
So I've heard many things about LIV along these lines: elite, prestigious, the finest of miami, no ugly people are allowed, only people who work for LIV can get you in, people wait in line forever to get in and some don't even get the chance, etc. Point it.. Apparently LIV is very special, so I walked into this hotel with high expectations. Yes, the hotel is HUGE and beautiful. A girlfriend of mine invited me to join her group of  girlfriends to LIV last Friday night and stated she knew a promotor who would walk us in. We just had to be there by 11:30. I got there at 11:30, and waited until 12:30 to get in. Seeing as how it opened at 12, I guess the wait wasn't too bad. And I was already aware of the wait warnings from what others have told me. I've been to a few clubs in Atlanta and Miami.. LIV is HUUUUGE! THE BIGGEST I'VE BEEN TO. Three floors! Once we got into the club, we stood around waiting for the promotor to get us a table. So what do we do to kill time? Go to the restrooms to check ourselves out, of course. This club is so nice.... That they had a vending machine for flats by the restroom, I mean shoes that cover your toes and are flats. In quite a number of sizes, too! I guess they're considerate to the ladies who made poor decisions on which heels to wear, haha. The bathroom is very clean, roomy, and supplies a variety of conditioner, mousse, hair spray, lotion, hand sanitizer, lollipops, mints, you name it! All these restroom condiments, as I call them, were neatly lined along the mirror as well. So the club was kinda empty, which made it feel cold in the beginning. It wasn't until 1:30 when it began to get PACKED. DMX was the guest artist that night, who didn't show up until 3AM. Um... fashionably late much? Or maybe that's just how they do it at LIV. Haha. ANyway.. So we got our table by 1ish and got drink service immediately. Four bottles of orange juice, cranberry juice, and pineapple juice, plus a bottle of Belvedere and two bottles of CIROC! That pleased me because usually clubs don't serve such a nice vodka. There was also a bowl filled with oranges and limes to garnish off your drinks. Yum. The music was great! It started with old school hip hop, raggae, today's hip hop, switched to to EDM which was when the DJ booth blasted a series of colorful light rays (SO AWSOME!). It was a pleasant night indeed. Now obviously I have a complain or two because there is 4 stars instead of one. Why? BECAUSE THE BOUNCERS ARE RUDE! Yeah, those guys who are placed all around the room decked out in all black.. RUDE. I asked one of them to take a photo of my girlfriends and I and he responded with a heavy huff and gruff "This is all people have been asking me to do, all I've been doing all night is taking pictures". He looked so annoyed and unhappy... It was unnecessary. While we were dancing at our table, someone knocked into my friend which also knocked her cup out of her hand in the process, thus spilling her drink on the floor. The bouncer near us pointed at the cup and at us, exclaiming "HEY! WATCH IT. THAT'S NOT COOL MAN. PICK IT UP." um... EXCUSE ME?! It was an ACCIDENT! LIV was packed, you should expect people to knock into each other and accidently spill drinks. It HAPPENS. Cool it, bro. Also, you have people who work here who can pick it up. If he's gonna give me an attitude like that... Then I'm too princess to be bending down in these high heels and picking up cups off the floor. Shortly after, another guy came by with a towel, dust pan, and broom, to sweep up the ice cubes and wipe the liquor off the floor. The fast cleaning service impressed me. So.. 4 stars. I would definitely come back if there was a guest artist of my liking, regardless of the rude bouncers.
This has to be the most over hyped club in America, the bouncers/security staff think they are way more important than they are, you would be better off going to any other location in Miami to party, the crowd was stuck up just like all the employees and the club, a total waste of time and money.
Liv was a MUST GO Club for us when we visited Miami Beach! We read the reviews and even all the Cab driver's recommend Liv. So this is how our Amazing night started... It was a Saturday night around 12:00am (I know people always said arrive early, but we wanted to arrive when the party was happening!) Cab driver drops us off and we went in through the Amazing lobby, inside was gorgeous! There was gorgeous people everywhere, we saw a roped area and lots of people surrounding it, I heard reviews that there is NO LINES, so we walked around the crowed to see if there is a line, nope, so we pushed through the crowed and walked to the front of the ropes and told the bouncer "4 girls" and he politely said "come in" and let us in, while leaving everyone one else outside, and this started our amazing night! Cause we felt good from the beginning! took us less than 2 mins to get inside. Btw, we didn't have to pay cover either. The venue was gorgeous, the stairs and the second floor spacious booths and large dance floor, the music was fantastic! We love Hip Hop, but the music they played was a mix of everything, it was perfect for everyone! There was beautiful people everywhere! (We LOVE this no line rule at the club, because they truly pick the best people inside) It was a mixed crowed, with people from around the world. Everyone was super friendly, we met so many great new friends. The smoking area was bright and quite, so you can talk to people and the security guard out there was super friendly. I agree with what others say about how the drinks are expensive, they have a really high service charge, I would say around 20-30 a drink/shot. But if you are a girl, don't need to worry too much. People in here were willing to spend! We didn't leave until around 4:30am and the party was still happening! If I come back to SoBe, I will skip all the other clubs and come here only. We went to a few Different clubs around Sobe on friday (even with line bypass and free cover), before this and it was not even close to this party. Recommenced this 100%
I've lived in Miami most of my life and I've grown up knowing it's exhilarating nightlife... Yet, in all the time LIV has been open, I just went for the first time last week.  It was EXACTLY what I would expect from a hot club in Miami!  I was in a group of 5 girls and 3 guys, we were dressed to kill! The girls all went to the front of the "floodgates" to get the bouncers attention and as soon as he spotted our group we were let in, ladies for free, gentlemen at $60/person.  I'm not a big fan of DJ's, but from what I hear, someone special was on that night which justified the entrance fee for the guys.  Once inside, the lights, the music, the people, were all as they should be... LOUD! We went to get our drinks and, yes, they were $17 each, but I have to say I've heard of much more expensive drinks on the beach.  I had an amazing time dancing the night away and really enjoyed when they threw out glow sticks into the crowd, the confetti, and the beach balls.  What can I say?  I love Miami!
1 star and an extra star for having a killer lobby. Made table reservations for bottle service. 45 minutes after trying to speak to someone  no reservations were found and prices were triple the quoted price. Guys I know you are busy but that doesn't mean take triple advantage. Maybe it does, but for know I'll stick to other clubs, our alternative night at BONGOS was awesome!
This place made meet feel like I was in the midst of the scariest nightmare of my life!!! A bunch of ladies of mine were visiting from NYC and staying in the Sorrento Suites at the the Fontaine bleau and decided to celebrate my friends birthday at LIV nightclub, so we did. The night started off great. A bit.into the night we were Dancing on a platform next to the lower stairway when a security guard touched my sisters leg, said that she had nice legs and that she should come down from the platform so he could talk to her. She did and he suggested they go outside an exit so they could see her in the light and talk to her, she followed. Outside, he told her to step away from the camera and he whipped out his penis. He continued to tell her that he was high on extasy and didn't care if he lost his Job for this. She demanded to be let back inside and he let her in. Once in, she told us what happeened and then bought a round of drinks, with the intension of assuming that this guy was really under the influence to even try this. She bought the birthday girl a glass of champagne, she sipped it, set it down and  continued to dance. A minute after that her drink was removed on the sly by a bussboy who looked abound to see if we were noticing. My sister asked her where her drink was and it was assumed it was accidentally picked up and asked another bussboy to get us another one since it was taken, he returned in 2 mins with a fresh one. Not more then two mins later another guy comes back down the stairs with a half glass of champagne and slyly put.it back down where the original one was taken( meanwhile we already had a replacement) ..this new half glass was returned in a completely different glass then the original. The man that dropped it off was not expecting us to be sober enough to notice but we certainly did. After he dropped it he went and stood next to the security guard on ecstasy and they just starred at us. My sister took the half glass over to him and asked him if he was crazy to think that we didn't just see all of this and that we didn't just notice that he something was very wrong . She asked him to drink it himself. I was standing on the side of him and saw him purse his lips and pretend to drink it, he then said in a very smug voice, tastes good too me  and proceeded to throw the drink out. This clearly led to some fiercely exchanged words and then the security guard told us too " get the fuck out" and we did. We abruptly told a hotel officer outside who told us to file a complaint with the police, who told us they are not liable unless they have evidence. REALLY!?  I've never seen a more gross display of negligence on my life. At the end of this very long story, nothing was ever done, this predator still works there and I can only imagine how many ladies this happens to on a nightly basis. Big thanks to LIV for letting your employees get away with this and thanks to the police and Fontainebleau for doing nothing as well.
Wack ass club. Why the hell pick and choose. Makes no damn sense. Only positive is the beautiful ambiance. Racist bouncers
Expensive, discriminatory against any woman not hot, AND all men unless u have money or connections or hot women with u. No lines. They let u in based on looks.
muthaf***a PLEASE! it was $100 per couple and we laughed in their face. before we got out of line, the bouncer was almost begging us to come back. told us that guys had to pay, and not girls. even at $60 for guys, it was excessive. we were dressed to the nines (us dudes wearing suits and our girls looking like a million bucks). sorry, we're no country folk. couples like us, with money to spend on table service, usually don't wait in line to get in. they obviously don't know how to run a business. Hey LIV, LEARN FROM OTHER MAJOR CLUBS/CITIES! I know you have to weed out the scrubs, but learn quick before you let hundreds of dollars fly out the window THEY GET NO STARS FROM ME!!!!
I loved it here! If you're someone who loves beautiful people and looking your best, this is the place for you. My girlfriend and I went here on a Wednesday night because apparently that is one of their good nights and it totally was. We got there early, around 11:30pm while it was still filling up and we walked up to the "rope". I asked the guy if there was a cover and he said $20, so I flashed a smile and asked "Do we have to pay?" and he handed us comp cards and we walked right in. It filled up really fast and it was a really nice mix of people, all very well dressed and hot! We met a group of guys who invited us to their table and I could tell the service was impeccable. There was a server there the whole time making whatever drinks we wanted. The music was also really good, there was a DJ there called Dada Life who played a nice mix of techno/house/dance beats. I would definitely go there next time I'm in Miami, which is quite often. I would recommend it to pretty girls looking for a good time, or hot guys willing to spend some cash and pick up some chicks, I think the bottles are around $500.
I wish LA and Vegas had clubs like LIV. Going to LIV was truly an experience. Great music/DJ, love the confetti guns and smoke they go off every once in awhile, and great crowd overall. I think I went on a week day, and it was so packed like a Saturday night. Miami clubs are awesome, they don't close till 5am! I would've given them 5 stars but their drinks doesn't taste great.
OVER RATED! Did not like this place AT ALL! Line was extremely long! Bouncers pick and choose who they want in (so fellas, you better have at least one hot girl in your party or you're SOL!). Cover was outrageous (so what if it was Memorial Day weekend?!) ! Music was whack! For the amount we paid ($50 pp!), they really should provide seats for those who want to rest their feet!  I read the review and I saw that it said they played house music, but seriously? The same exact beat was played over and over AND OVER AND OVER .... The entire night! I wish I was "on one" like everyone else in the club.  Maybe then I would've enjoyed myself a lot more.  Club is waaayyy too packed! People bump into each other and don't apologize (usually, when people are "on one", they're so friendly. What happened here!?). And not to mention , they bump into you and rub their nasty, sweaty bodies on you. YUCK!  On my way out, I saw Arkadia, a hip hop club.  I could hear their music and I was soooo regretful.  However, the crowds that were hanging around Arkadia made me wish I had went out to Nikki Beach! Hahaha. So basically, unless you like to pop one and listen to the SAME, LOUD, THUMPING BEAT, repeatedly ALL NIGHT, this place is not for you (and it surely wasn't for me!)!
Came here for a company dinner and party the night after Miami Heat celebrated their NBA championship here. The venue's gorgeous. Definitely one of the prettiest clubs I've been to. Lots of lights, and the decor and layout were pretty good. Music was so-so. Service was also decent, and they had plenty of staff around. They passed out light-up batons that were pretty cool.
The epitome of Miami Beach douchyness...
My rating is really a 3.5 star.   While one of the nicer super clubs in Miami, I always feel a bit disappointed that they do not handle bottle service properly.  I have been quite a few times from crazy industry/event weekends to regular less crowded weekends. And it never ceases to amaze me how poorly they handle their bottle service crowd. Before you go, know that they also are one of those clubs that holds the door in the beginning to create a vibe that it is packed inside.  It is a large club that feels dead empty until around midnight-1 am on a good night.  It also tends to let in a younger local crowd, which has its pluses and minuses.  They do pack up the dance floor. But if you get there early, you are likelier to get in. After midnight-1am, it is really tougher, they actually do get packed. Venue itself is well designed and functions well. When it is a non-busy weekend, they close the upstairs.  Light shows are great.  It is nice that you pass the DJ on the way in. Unfortunately, it lacks the class of true VIP management.  I wish it upgraded its service to VIP patrons equal to how Europe clubs do it. It seems like it is high end visually but it is these little things that truly separate the best in class.   Why it gets 1.5 star taken off. BAD VIP TABLE MANAGEMENT. They put a huge premium to bottle service and those cabana tables. But if those tables are empty, they DO NOT clear randoms from sitting and using them the whole night. That is a NO NO. It truly is a disservice to those who pay the premiums.  Star 1 goes right there. Best VIP service makes sure reserved means reserved.   I noticed real premium paying clients with magnums and premium bottles stuck in the back while "promoter friends" with 1 bottle of lower end liquor and 20 entourage get the premium front tables.  But those tables had more guys to girls.  Usually, entourage and "bait"  tables are more hot models and less guys. And they don't take premium from the real VIP.  Right there that is another .5 stars. Finally, the bottle service waitresses are nice for guys to look at but not the smartest.  NY/UK VIP waitstaff are much more on point, in my experience.   I just couldn't give it the 4 star.  It is close though. With a few fixes and smarter table management, I hope it gets there.   Pros: Ambiance, Light show, and Guest DJ Line Up can be solid Cons: VIP Table Service, Needs some music variety
This is the top ranked club in the US right now based on a January 2012 nightclub review. Also, this is where Miami Heat partied when they won. I had an amazing experience and absolutely rate LIV 5 stars. But please accept this review from a super hot female. I walked up to the ropes and the bouncer immediately walked up to me, gracefully took my hand, opened the ropes, and asked, "how many?" I said just two (and got my guy in too). He lives in Miami and had been there two prior times with two decent girls and still did not get in. I got him past the ropes and they let him in but he had to pay the cover charge. I got in through an exclusive entry line and wasn't even charged for cover. They want hot chicks at this club and they want a high girl to guy ratio. If you are a guy, I suggest showing up with one or more chicks, and I mean HOT chicks. If you are a girl, wear a sexy dress, heels, and glamorous make-up. This is one of those clubs that some people stand outside the ropes and some never get in. I HATE using my looks for things since I am an MBA and have plenty more going for me. It is shallow and vain "cattle-call" as I prefer to call it...However, this club was so much fun if you can get in. I just wanted to post a REAL review for people so they understand what they are getting into. AMAZING fun, dancing to great DJ's, delicious drinks, classy upscale A-lister style club, and beautiful ladies everywhere. Also, being a pretty lady there, the bouncers keep their eyes on the ladies they want there and want to return. I felt safe all night.  But it is tough to get in. I would return again any chance I got and loved it, but be aware that if you go you might not get in! As you read reviews be aware if they are coming from hot girls, heavier/less attractive girls, or dudes. You will notice a difference. But trust me, if you get in you will have so much fun!!!! Girls, wear sexy dresses. Guys, wear dress slacks and a button down shirt. If you are a super hot chick - be excited to get pulled in FOR FREE! Awesome! Bonus, bathrooms were very clean and I never waited in line. Overall summary, FANTASTIC club, just exclusive entry.
Go big or go home darling. If you are from out of town and don't know anyone and not buying expensive table find yourself a promoter BC going there as joe-nobody will make you have a horrible time in any trendy club in SoBe...sorry just being honest. Plus you don't want to be rubbing elbows with a bunch of annoying spring break kids who paid $20 bucks to get in with quarters they managed to find in their suitcase after their own personal treasure hunt (pocket change anyone?) the place is huge and beautiful tho, great setup plus it's one of the few clubs in Miami you can't smoke inside. So you don't come out of there smelling like an ashtray, tho it's huge and not enough security guards so, yeah ppl still sneak in smoking there sometimes :/
Overrated and over hyped.  This is your typical Miami cheesy club.  Drinks are ridiculously expensive and yes there is a cover.  Which means you get to pay a cover for overpriced drinks.  No thanks.  If there is a night I'd go it's wednesdays for the pop life party.  Either way it's not for me.
The 5 People You Meet in Clubs: This is not a comprehensive list, but herewith, a field guide to the fauna that comprise approximately 85% of the population of clubs in general, and LIV in particular (BTW, do you pronounce the club "Liv," like the actress Taylor, or "Live," like the kind of music, or do you say "54"?) 1. The Professional Faux Bar Slut: This good-looking young woman joins your party at your table and drinks your alcohol. This is tolerated because she has convinced one or more people in your party that she will totally have sex with them later that night. If she was an actual bar slut, this would be a good bet. But she isn't. She is the professional faux bar slut, and her role in the club is to enjoy many, many free drinks, bat her false eyelashes alluringly, then vanish, never to be seen again. Pros: pleasant to look at, good at pretending she's interested in what you're talking about. Cons: drinks heavily, will never sleep with you in a million years, liar. 2. The Professional Faux Bar Slut's Friend: this young woman may or may not be very good looking. She may or may not pay any attention to anyone in your group. She WILL drink your alcohol. Pros: infinitely more likely to actually sleep with you, not a liar. Cons: almost certainly won't actually sleep with you, she's part of the package deal and it's not a great package. 3. That Guy: look, I'm not going to go into a lot of detail, because this one is pretty simple. That Guy is at every club. He's That Guy. In Miami, That Guy is actually 85% of all guys at the club. I would describe him, but anyone who has any idea what I'm talking about is already way ahead of me. That Guy is dressed in 100% signature That Guy apparel, sporting the official That Guy haircut, and hanging out with 8 other That Guys. Pros: he's a pro---just ask him. Cons: walking, talking proof that everything the French say about our culture is correct. 4. The Bouncer. The bouncer got his job because he realized, all of a sudden, that if he was the bouncer at this club, he could totally go to this club, like, every single night, and freakin' get paid to do it, man! Awesome! These young adults prove that Bush's education program was incorrectly named. 5 years ago, these guys kept to a rigorous GTL schedule. 3 years ago, it slipped to GL. 1 year ago, it simply became T. Unless the G stands for gel. Pros: if you're really lucky, the bouncer will express his inner child and you'll end up owning the club post-lawsuit. Cons: yes, they will eventually all be cons. 5. The Potential Future Goodwife: One of the things that was most interesting about Miami Beach is that, with the prevalence of cosmetic surgery and 22-year-olds, the native assessment of beauty is incredibly skewed, such that tremendously good looking women are virtual outcasts, both in and outside of the club environment. This bodes well for men in her future, for after being told for years and years that she's really not all that good looking or desirable, she's decided that must be true. Thus, she will willingly marry a guy who is objectively much less attractive than her, because she subjectively perceives herself as his aesthetic equal. This observation will lead many to infer that I met Wifey at a Miami Beach club, and though the deductive reasoning is sound, such is not the case.
How fucked up is this place?  We traveled all the way from CA to check it out, waited in line for over an hour and still didn't get in.  My date and I looked pretty damn good - way better than most of the retards they were letting in.  We had no trouble getting into all the clubs in Vegas! This damn place called 'LIV' has no entrance system, fucking chaotic.  The douchbag bouncers with their minimum wages (i bet they can't even pay for their own entrance) were letting in people with tshirt, shorts, and flip-flops.  We found ourselves standing there looking silly with the rest of the people "hoping" that they would pick us from the crowd. Funny thing was, while we were waiting, we saw people who got in -- came back out within the hour we waited - so the club can't be that good. We gave up and decided to kick it in the lobby.  It was actually fun; plenty of sexy looking people that night (6/30/2012), a huge bar, and banging music. DON't BELIEVE THE HYPE
LIV is a pretty nice club.  It gives you the feel of a Vegas club for the price of....a Vegas club or more. We were celebrating a friend's bachelorette with a total of 10 girls in our party.  We got the table service, which turned out to be very expensive.  You would think that being a large group of girls, we'd get hooked up, but nope.  Prior to arriving in Miami, we were quoted a $2000 minimum, then it was dropped to $1500.  It wasn't until the quoted minimum was dropped to $1000 that we agreed to book the table. Saturday comes and the MOH tells us we have to be at LIV by 11:30.  We decided that we would leave the hotel by 8:45 to grab some dinner before LIV.  Naturally, with 10 girls getting ready, it's not surprising that we didn't leave on time.  We left the hotel at 9:30 and didn't get to the restaurant until 10:00. Knowing that we weren't going to make the 11:30, the MOH texts the promoter to tell them that we were running late and asks if that was okay. The text back from the promoter simply read "no" Obviously, they have enough people going to this place and they don't give a crap if you can't make it. After our 10 minute meal, we rushed over to LIV. We were escorted down to the club and to our table. We were liking the place already.  Our table was right off the dance floor, and the women's restroom was just around the corner. We started with two bottles, and our waiter waited on us the whole night - pouring drinks, bringing new glasses, and even playing along with our bachelorette games.  And the security blocked off all the other random people from sitting at our table. Definitely felt like a five star club. Music started with 90's hip-hop the first hour we were there, but ended up being house for the remainder of the night. I grew up in the 90's, so house isn't really my thing. Many of the reviewers said there were lots of "beautiful" people at this club. Hmm...personally, I think there are more beautiful people in Vegas. But I must say that people at this club have deep pockets. One guy by our table paid us one large to bite a wee wee candy off our bachelorette's wee wee necklace. She made $200 that night. People on the dance floor were cheaper, paying only $1 a piece, hence my poor girlfriend had to work extra hard on the dance floor. Dance floor was crowded. I stayed at the table most of the night, except when I needed to use the restroom. Soooo glad we reserved a table. Another nice touch the club added...CONFETTI!!! I'm a girl....gotta love confetti. Except when it gets stuck on the bottom of my heels. Overall, I think LIV is a nice club. Anyone clubbing for the first time in Miami, this is the place to be. But be ready to spend lots of cash - we actually spent twice the amount of our minimum.
This is a night club, not an upscale restaurant. It is what it is., it is a club.  It does not cater to upscale people more than it does to everyone else.  If you follow their rules, pay for your tickets in advance, and adhere to their dress code, you should not have any problems getting in.  If however, you decide to "gun it", well then that is on you.  This right now is possibly the most sought after club in Miami.  Not my favorite, I prefer Mynt, but not a bad place either.  LIV has currently booked quite a line up of Dj's and as such, if you are visiting Miami Beach and want to come to LIV, then I would suggest that you purchase your tickets in advance.  Additionally, I would also avoid the so called "my counsin's friend's cousin is a promoter there who can get us in for free' as chances are that you will be partying in Arkadia that night.  Just get your tickets in advance and you will avoid the crazy crowd, will not have to pander to promoters, and will have a great time.  Oh one more thing, word to the wise, Miami Beach can be expensive, $20 drinks are not at all particular to LIV.  This is the norm in Miami Beach.  Thus, if you find a place in Sobe that sells $5 drafts and the crowd is not filled with people that look like truckers please let me know.
Two bad ass bitches, Jessica Who and Tamara Sky were doin' their thang at LIV on a weeknight. I really wanted to shake my girlie bits and see them melt my face with their pussy violence. With much hesitation I rolled out to LIV with a friend. Disclaimer: LIV is NOT my scene. At all. Like I went kicking and screaming but totally on the inside. Thank goodness we were on a list as I tend to think I still need my vital organs and am not in a current position to sell them off for fancy velvet- roped cover charges. As soon as we entered the space, we were overlooking a sea of beautiful people. You know the kind, fancy clothes, fancy purses, fancy plastic surgeons, high heels, low morals. Speaking of fancy, this place gives the Liberace mansion a run for it's money. While money doesn't buy class, it buys ass. There is ALOT of that at LIV. Libations are quite steep at 8 dollars for a domestic beer and about 14 dollars for a vodka and soda. Pre-partying is a must. OR you may opt to flirt and cavort with the fancy gentlemen that line the VIP tables for a little sippy sip of their bottles. OR you will have no other choice but to suck it up and pay the prices. I mean, how else could *anyone* tolerate modified fist pumping by 100 lb women? The choice is yours. I really enjoyed the bikini-laden girls that were shakin' their asses off, scrubbing the ground and droppin' it like it's hot. It takes a lot of skill and effort to get that makeup to look hot like a porn star and not like a tranny. There *is* a fine line. Fancy people need a fancy place to go and this place will be more than happy to take your hard earned cash. Or maybe it's not that hard earned. Maybe it comes from a trust fund of sorts, or from another country. That's the wonderful thing about LIV, it doesn't judge. LIVs money taking ability is an equal opportunity kind. If I had a shit-ton of cash I'd totally have a great time at LIV, but I don't. So if the meteor looking ceiling just so happens to crash onto this place (while no one is inside of course) I would not at all be upset.
Bought a ticket for $375 to see Calvin Harris tonight. We showed up at midnight waited in line and were told we couldn't get in and to come back in an hour. So we waited an hour and lined up again and STILL couldn't get in. When the bouncer told us to go away and come back in another hour at 2:15 we gave up and are disputing the charges for the tickets. It's the same line for ticket holders and non-ticket holders, which is ridiculous, and the bouncers are extremely rude. It's not worth buying a ticket or coming here ever no matter how good a DJ is playing. @CalvinHarris you should treat your fans better.
Located inside the beautiful Fountainbleau, we were invited to a party sponsored by Bombay Sapphire. I do not frequent clubs, I can groove and move to a beat but the party scene can get a bit crazy for me in these very hot nightclubs on the beach. Obviously, I am not in my twenties....ha ha As we walked up to the Fountainbleau, the line of people was huge. Everyone trying to get in. We were on a VIP list, how nice...cool, yeah we felt somewhat special. Gave our names and voila walked right in. Here we go, beautiful young ladies passing out free Bombay cocktails. I have been to many clubs but this is a very trendy, cool, sexy place. Huge inside, three full service bar areas, great DJ jammin to some hot tunes. The lights, the stage, the entire decor was so South Beach and hot! Yes, is it superficial hell yes. But this is true NEW Miami. As far as the club itself I really did enjoy it and thought it was awesome. The young ladies they hire for bottle service and greeters were young, size triple zero's, boobs the size of watermelons, beautiful faces, hair, dressed in very short dresses and low cut. Hey, this is what all the men like right? Not so sure about this but all I could think about is why are there no hot bottle guys for the ladies. Really? We have desires as well.....agghh such a man's world. They had a special concert last night featuring "'Pharrell". Stage was lit up, crowd was going nuts, some famous people in the room and whew the night began. As the lyrics goes: Can I have it like that? You got it like that Can I have it like that? You got it like that Can I have it like that? You got it like that Can I have it like that? You got it like that My heart felt like it was going to pound out of my chest from the base. We had two VIP booths right in front and wow it was cool. Comfy couches, drinks were flowin. Huge thank you to Bombay for allowing us as their guest and what a great evening it was. Met some fantastic people throughout the evening. Cool club, yes but you better be prepared to know someone to get in if you are lucky. Glad I am not in this scene anymore, to much superficial people to deal with for me. All in all if you get the chance you will have the time of your life hittin up this hot club. Good times to be had by all. My only complaint were the men, which by no means did it have anything to do with the club. Just an FYI for men who frequent this place. Get a grip, be a gentleman if you can, let LADIES walk through, do not walk into them, do not stampede over them going down the stairs. Really guys is this how you treat ladies......Glad I am NOT single. Awesome company, great time, cool concert, great people watching, very nice club...Many, many thanks to Bombay Sapphire for a memorable evening!
I was in Miami celebrating my sister's birthday this past weekend and we ventured over to fountaine bleu due to the fact we were right next door at Eden roc hotel.  The Bleu bar was jumping on Friday night...I'm talking music, ambience, and people!  Great atmosphere!  So we decided to do Liv on Sunday.  Wrong choice!  This club is the pits!  Lets start with the wait in line....first they don't open on time, second they have a very "selective" (if that is what you want to call it) process of entry.  No line, they just pick and choose people in the area I side the hotel roped area to let in...not sure what criteria they use or if they even use their eyes!  The type of individuals that they choose to accommodate was beyond my thought concept.  I've been to my fair share of so called upscale clubs, in many different cities, and I've never seen anything like the crap they pulled in Miami at Liv!  Please believe people, this is not the "it" club that everyone seems to think it is.  The music was definitely not all that...I didn't even break a sweat!  Maybe it's me, but I truly don't think so.  If it hadn't been my sisters birthday, this spot would have not been a second thought for me to turn and leave.  I've had more fun at a hole in the wall in Baltimore, then at this spot.  Don't get me wrong, the owners somehow find a way to keep this club packed, I guess because all of the celebrity clientele they have pass through, but I definitely was not impressed...with the club or the celebrities!  Don't waste your time with the foolishness people!
HORRIBLE, RACIST, door service! It  was a group of 7 (2 guys and  5 girls) I told everyone to be in their best dressed because I read reviews before going. We looked fabulous! The guys were classy and so were we. We got there early by 10pm so their would be no issue.  We were 1st in line. The door guy finally arrived and looked over us for at least 35 minutes. Allowing Caucasians in with flip flops, shorts and t-shirts that were behind us. Finally we asked what the hold up was and he said oh you guys have to buy a table. we said why, no one else is buying a table he said well you have to. We asked how much he said $3K. We said no thanks we just want to go in and pay regular admission fees. Then he continued to let more Caucasians in to the club. While my group and other Blacks and Hispanics waited that had been there prior. Finally we said ok at this point we should be able to get in. He said oh the guys you are with aren't dresses right we said, excuse me they are wearing fitted button down shirts, pants, and dress shoes and you just let in a slew of guys in flip flops, shorts and t-shirts. He walked away. At this point we no longer desire to get in so we decided to leave. 3 of the girls that were with us knew guys that were coming to Liv and decided to stay behind. The next day when I spoke to them it turns out that when the other set of guys came to the club to go in with the 3 girls that  stayed behind they raised the bottle service price to $4k. Assuming that they wouldn't  be able to afford it  but they paid and all went in. Once they were in and collected the $3k they ten asked to see ID's. One of the guys that was in the group was under 21 and so the entire group got kicked out after paying $4k in under 5 minutes. Fast-forward almost 2 years later we were visiting friends in Orlando and they told us a very similar story before they ever heard our experience at Club Liv. I refuse to give an establishment my money and time that discriminates against race. We are a really, really, really nice looking, skinny, fit, college educated group so to be not let in on race alone was demeaning on so many levels... Will NEVER return!
WORST.BOUNCERS.EVER  this place employs a montage of douches with short man syndrome. one in particular is a short, teeny weenie afro sporting italian named Conrad.  he sounds like a rat and acts like a snake.  seriously, don't waste your time or money unless you are with an entourage can get in with no problems. This place does not cater to classy women who prefer to be treated with respect.
I normally am a pretty easy-going Yelper. I always make sure to take that grain of salt with me when I check a place out. However, an entire salt flat wont help keep my mind open about this place. And here's why: (conversation between my friend and the bouncer/manager Fred) My friend (yelling over the mash of hopeful people outside the entrance of the club): Hello Fred?! My name is *....* and I was put on the guest list by Gemma* from the Mandarin Oriental! Fred (not even looking at a list or my friend): How many of you are there? My friend: It's me and my two friends (gestures to me and my other friend) Fred (abruptly closes the rope): Do you want to reserve a table? My friend: No, I am on the guest list. Fred (nastily): I am only talking to people who want table reservations, if you don't want to reserve a table, I don't want to talk to you. Wow. Now - we were three girls, well-dressed, just come from a dinner at the Gotham, with confirmed reservations from the Mandarin Oriental. Maybe we weren't plastic enough, maybe Fred doesn't like to have his guests dictated by other hotel concierges, but I have a sneaking suspicion that maybe he was a little color-blind. It was a little odd that everyone being let in (fat, thin, old, dumb) were of one specific color while the majority of people outside the rope (with or without being on the guest list) were of many other colors. I was looking forward to checking out the "new" and "exciting" club scene in Miami. Too bad the attitude is what Meatpacking was 7 years ago. *Gemma is not the name of our concierge, but she was appropriately aghast when we told her about the rude and possibly "un-pc" behavior of Fred the Schmuck.
People watching is all you do if you're like me. I was able to get in on hip hop night this past July and was awed at how beautiful the people were. Models everywhere, there was some NFL player's birthday and we saw VIP crew roll out a cake in the shape of a Louis Vuitton briefcase! Pretty cool. If you're looking to get into this place, be prepared to spend or take off some clothes. They are extremely selective at the door, the crowd fills the HUGE lobby on most nights. It's wild. Unless you are Adrianna Lima, count on spending your night at the lobby bar. (which is definitely good too) We were also lucky and had our drinks comped all night since my cousin knew someone that worked there. The club is huge! Cabanas on the second floor where most of the celebs and big spendas are hiding. Gets real crowded around 12 AM, so don't plan on dancing after that. Overall, sick music, beautiful people, tame crowd. Celeb sitings are definitely inevitable!
BEWARE!!! I'm a tourist. I entered this club on October 23rd on the Flo Rida new video presentation party. Prepaid (this is important) a table to get in (gave my credit card, signed pre-authorization form and later when ordered two bottles I signed for the total, my card was successfully charged). During our short stay (we didn't even finish a half of a bottle and second bottle was untouched) I was abused several times by the security (we never touched anyone, didn't scream or did anything wrong), when asked him what's going on he said we'll have a "talk" outside, when kicking me out stole my golden chain, on the street called the police and they arrested me, I spent 12 hours in jail. He said I didn't pay the bill and I have a proof I did. I had a big golden chain on top of my clothes, this bouncer next to our table just robbed me and lied to police to get me arrested.
I think groups of ladies need to like check in with bouncers who should have iPads for snapping pictures of them and storing a phone number or something - freeing them to go (spend more money) to the Bleau Bar and enjoy themselves until it's 'their' turn (if 'selected') at which point the bouncer could text/call/let them in and delete that pic and call the next patrons selected for entry. Basically....something should be figured out, because the clusterf*ck for entry is just a mess. Confusing. Annoying. Now. Moving right along. I'm a CA girl that has done her fair share of clubbing. SF, LA, Vegas, DC, NY ... (I maintain that San Luis Obispo, CA has one of the live-ist night scenes consistently -- besides the point) and was still impressed by LIV. Not because of the layout, DJ, atmosphere or clientel (because .. been there, done that) but sheerly on their AC / cooling system. For the amount of jumping, dancing, champagne chugging, galavanting around the joint that was done myself and all, I never once got sweaty or even glistened for that matter. Nothing ruins a photo op more than sweat stains and greasy bangs. For that, I salute.   (As for the experience: We came two nights in a row - Saturday and Sunday. Saturday after a slight hassel with the door girl trying to charge $20 for entry at nearly 3 am (psshhh, hell no...not fooling us) we were graciously taken to a table with so many bottles of vintage Dom P rose floating around that at one point I was standing on the table with a bottle in my hand, chugging and fist pumping --don't judge -- and the next minute a man was above pouring champagne into girls mouth's making sure to dribble all over. There was no shortage of anything or a want or more, that is for sure.  Music was EDM and the crowd was going hard. Everyone was friendly, no complaints. And we do LIV on Sunday like a churrrrch. Sunday night at LIV was Moet bottles of Rose, Ace of Spades, premier streetwear and stunting at it's finest. Great hip-hop being played and beautiful woman as seen on Cam'Ron's instagram or in videos. If you've got money to blow, blow it here.)
3 1/2 Stars......... So after going to a private penthouse party.. I checked my Iphone and it was 12:45am. A friend of mine said were going to LIV!!!!! ( i was hesitant of the slutty escorts ad the spray tanned doucebags prowling around this place) We walked up and got right in cause my friend knew the door guy. This must be the modern version of Studio 54.... at least i imagine that in my mind.... Upsides: Great lighting and great music. Good for people watching... i tried to find  a celebrity but that didnt work. I liked watching the dancers in light up glow in the dark costumes. Good if your single nicest layout in miami beach big inside the club.. its a square shape you can do "rounds" around the club... or thats what the single people say. rounds=walk around with your friends and scope out the hotties...the orange spray tanned people and the russian escorts (2,000) a pop lol jk Downsides: $20 weak drinks Too many stairs... I love wearing my 5 inch stilletos! crowded downstairs and everyone is rolling.. or seems like it kind of a too young of a crowd mostly 21 yr olds....or 50 yr old men looking for younger women girls are skanky and look like "99 cent hoes!!!" I was wearing trendy pants and a top and i think i was the most covered girl in the club!!! It seems like everyguy is saying " Look how jacked and tan I am!! While they gaze at tihemselves in the mirror" escorts everywhere!!!! this place is really trashy PS- Come here at least once to see what it's like!!
If it were up to me NO STAR for this place but for sake of rating its getting a 1. The experience here was horrible. Seemed like I was at a meat market trying to get in. Bouncers were rude. No strucuture in this place, everyone is all bunched trying to get in. The place next to it, was worst! However, you can a have a drink at The Fountaine Bleu bar. Pretty nice there.
THE FACTS. - Drinks are $17+ - Getting in won't be a headache if you're a) great looking + you bring plenty of hot girlfriends, b) you have a connection, c) you have $$$$$$$$ (all this applies even to hotel guests) - If there's a big performance on any given night, prepare to have zero dancing space and remember to breathe. (unless you're in the VIP area) - The place is damn gorgeous. The music is good. The crowd is hot. - If there's a big performance on any given night, be prepared to receive plastic promotional Wayfarers with the performer's name. I guess the ridiculous amount of money we spend on drinks is going somewhere.
The most atrocious collection of the worst kind of people in the world.  Elitist. Over hyped. Overpriced. Club staff and managers are pompous jerks, and the club goers are not much better. Not worth the effort or price.
I wasn't really sure what to expect at this party. I'd read all the usual about LIV: huge, LED lights on ceiling, Vegasy. However, two of my favorite local nightlife groups PopLife and OverThrow were collabing on their new Dirty Hairy Wednesday night party to be hosted at LIV. I figured this was the perfect chance to head out and scope this place out. I walked into the lobby, headed towards LIV, and stepped right up just as the bouncer was re-linking the velvet rope. Knowing that the PopLife and OverThrow crews don't adhere to any of that stereotypical South Beach velvet rope non-sense; I looked at the guy, looked down at the rope, and then shot Mr. Velvet-rope Tough Guy a look that read "Come On, REALLY??" and voila the rope came down. magic ;-) I walked in and onto the top of the stairs and there before my eyes was a scene out of a movie. I was looking over a sea of partyers. This is such a smart move for an entrance, a grand entrance, as one is provided with a strong image upon first stepping into the club. And it kinda makes you want to skip on down the steps and join the fiesta. Many of the revelers were sporting little animal masks reminiscent of Breakfast at Tiffany's.  However, juxtaposed with the loud music and laser lights at this cavernous club made said animal masks all the more charming as it showed no one here was taking themselves too seriously. Instead they were just here to party. Who doesn't love an atmosphere like that? The music was good from the moment I got there and although I would have preferred they play some of the songs a little longer (1:30 or 90 seconds at least)  before mashing them up, I along with the large crowd was feeling it. Sounds like the recipe for a great night right? Well there was still some whipped cream, hot fudge, and cherries to come as Kid Sister and Flosstradamus took the stage. She was fantastic and had a great stage presence which paired with a great sense of fashion made for a fun, energetic, and even flirtatious performance. LIV's acoustic weren't the best ever but the space lends itself to having plenty of choice viewing spots. Looks like Wednesdays in Miami just got their weekly party. Now, if only that party came with some sort of drink special. As drinks do adhere to the stereotypical South Beach nonsense prices. Note: There is a public, metered parking lot just north of the Eden Roc, so park over yonder and practice your sashay.
Man I'm waiting for when Yelp gets an update that has negative stars so I can update my review to a -5 stars haha. So this is purely for those douche bags at the door especially "Freddie" the French guy. If he woulda stepped from behind his wall of big bouncers I woulda decked him personally. So this 10 dollar an hour making (fill in the blank) makes up his own table prices as he's talking to you and the more you get on his case the higher it goes...in our case we went from $1500 to $4000...now I ain't nobodys (fill in the blank again) and hearing this just basically made me laugh about how this society has become so obsessed with paying 4gs for a bottle that costs 40 bucks to get into a club that has laser lights and plays top 40 music basically the same old same old club scene. Now I've been to XS and Tryst and all the NYC clubs and Europe and what not but this place pissed me off. Had more fun at the pool party during the day same music same drinks....no Freddy haha
Probably the best club I've been to, good layout, beautiful crowd, fun people, at least in the VIP. The lineup of artists are hard to beat
First of all let me start by saying that it is like pulling teeth to get a reservation here, my friend actually was the one coordinating it and even going through American Express, it took her a couple of days to get a call back on a reservation.Once getting to the Fontainebleau, where LIV is located, it was even harder to get through the hoards of people waiting to get in just to get to the hostess table. I will say if you are going to go here for sure have bottle service otherwise good luck getting in. Thankfully we did, and as soon as we were able to get to the hostess we were escorted right in. Just make sure your group stays all together. One girl that was in our group got left behind and when she tried getting through the crowd to get to us she was shoved back in line by one of the bouncers quite forcefully, even after we told him she was with our group. NOT COOL. But I will say once inside we were treated like Celebrities. The club was bouncing. And the crowd was hot. But be ready to drop some serious cash in this place. Its not cheap at all. But you do get star treatment. Hell, we even had our own body guard who escorted us girls to the bathroom each time! How awesome is that. All in all we had a really great experience once we got through the iron rope, but like I said I recommend bottle service for sure if you can afford it!
Dear LIV, I am really trying to keep that loving feeling for you, but its going...  Whoa-ooh-o... The same "je ne sais quois" that was missing the last time I was there is still missing.  Personally, I think you're trying too hard.  This place is stunning, but you are starting to ruin yourself and your reputation with the disaster that is your door. You already have the hype and people definitely want to come here and be seen.  However, you choose to make it next to impossible to get in.  The bf and I always get in everywhere no problem.  But even the fact that we had to wait almost 20 minutes was absurd to me.  The door guy was being UBER selective, but there was NO method to his madness.  It wasn't just one type or another.  The people getting in were the most eclectic mix of a crowd I've ever seen.  From pretty girls, to older Cougars, from hot, young studs, to dirty old rich men.  What's up with that? In your defense, the place was PACKED, the music was totally groovin' and everyone was having fun.  Even the bf and I, who ditched his friends at the door (sorry boys, should have brought some female counterparts), had a great time dancing the night away.  Even though we would have liked to party with our peeps. Please get your door game on point and I think you will find that you will have a much better fan base.  Right now, you're seriously pissing off the locals while trying to be the IT place for tourists.  Remember Ms. LIV, we're here ALL the time...  The rest just come and go. -Sabrina*
I would give the the overall appearance 5 stars because the decor is stunning. The music was ok, however halfway through the night the DJ began playing the same songs repeatedly. Also I had a pretty bad run in with one of the security guards he was very rude and disrespectful and he put his hands on me for no reason at all. I will say this, money talks in Miami and it pays for respect. Another con is that there is very little open space that you are allowed to be in without being in VIP. You may find that the seat you were sittin in or the ground you were standing on has been purchased and you will be asked to move. I had an ok time despite the security incident. My advice would be that If you enjoy dancing all night & don't mind hearing the same music repeatedly then this is the place for you or if you enjoy standing around in VIP showing how much money you have you will also have a great time. If you're use to college parties or open dance floors you may not enjoy this place.
My Friday night experience: I got into the line at 10:30 PM. Told him how I had just gotten engaged, and he was sooo happy for us, he let us in behind the red ropes. We went in, it was empty, met Felicia, the best bartendar ever, and later that night she gave us free drinks. Music was awesome. Sexy people everywhere. Expensive. Classy. Know it's hard to get into and I thank Yelpers for helping me out with advice with promoters and how to get in, and if you are going to be pessimistic about getting in here, then don't. Life is short, and I'm not a huge club person, but if I'm 26 and want to dance, and on vacation in Miami, I'm going to LIV. Yes, tickets are 70 dollars, and I and my fiance got in free, and yes, people pay lots of cover and stand in long lines with heels that are killing, but save your money, save the date, and GO. It's worth it, at least one time. Plus, the guys at the ropes at this place are much nicer and sweeter than the ones at MYNT (which is sucky compared to LIV). LOVED IT! Packed, crowded, but worth the night.
Oh fountainblue you are indeed very beautiful;  the crowd, the lighting & your lobby is so chic. It was love at first sight. Me & the girls went out to see what the hype was about  for a pre NYE ladies night pre-party. Even though I had a great pre drink at your Blue Bar I was getting a bit impatient  waiting on your rude doorman to let me in... Mr.  Doorman  you love tall blonde model type ladies, you love hipsters, tourists dressed down, couples (a first for me when you go to a club), well to do looking men or  men alone or in groups (another big surprise), people that call you by your name which you pretend you know & crack a smile for a minute... SO FAKE Lol... Now a cute group of brunette ladies dressed to kill, not so much... I was very confused..disappointed, bit heartbroken. What gives????? My cousin visiting from Peru finally yelled out," what the hell do u need to do to get in this place??? " You looked, smirked & told us to go in quickly like you were doing us a huge favor or maybe had a surprise for us...Veuve Cliquot Bottle??  lol. We rushed almost giddy.. Alas we are in after paying a large cover that went from $20 advertised online to $30 since you decided we were not worth using your handy free passes. Oh well.. Girls wanna have fun. I see why people like you, WOW a very large 2 story club & beautiful lighting. Decor is very Vegas baby! Large bar downstairs, small dance floor (didn't get this) lots of VIP areas... We ordered a couple drinks & danced for hours. Nice crowd, VIP areas were full. Bathroom downstairs very small. You draw a crowd lil Liv, good for u. Music was ok, nothing to write home about... The best part was the mini intermission with the humpa loompas breaking it down... Will I return?  I don't think so...too pretentious for me, drinks are expensive, DJ didn't impress me..but you are still very beautiful....
0 stars if I could!  Vegas wannabe that falls way short. Got there at 1am Sat night/Sun morning to avoid the rush from 10:30 to midnight, and there was not even any semblance of a line...INSTEAD everyone was crowded around the marked off entrance, and if you've got less than 3 girls to a guy, you have no chance of getting in. Worst bouncers I've ever come across, they stand there ignoring you (EVEN if you want to pay extra $ to skip the line) and make fun of other people trying to get in!  Definitely NOT worth the bullshit, Vegas is MUCH better and they understand the concept of a line!
Sexy sexy! This ultra lounge oozes sex. I don't know what it is about this club. Maybe I was on a high from getting express entry (thank you ABA conference!); maybe it was the bottle and a half of champagne I had practically funneled an hour before, or the new sky-high heels I was sporting; but this place just had me ready to break it down on the dance floor. And I did. As did a lot of middle-aged lawyers in their finest Dockers. And judging by the looks on their faces and the moves they were breaking, they were feeling the sexy vibe of LIV, too. Cocktails are pricey, and I'm glad. Honestly. Because pricey cocktails mean better clientele, if you pick up what I'm throwin' down. They're good cocktails, too. There's nothing worse than ordering your signature drink, only to taste nothing but mixer and lime. I didn't experiment with their featured cocktails, because Miami likes their drinks a bit too sweet for my palate. This place is also bumpin' every night it's open. And I mean always. I stayed at the Fontainbleau for eight nights, and every night that LIV was open, there was a long line full of party people. Ain't no uglies gettin' into this place. Unless they're 45, have a hooker on their arm and a black AMEX in their pocket. The only downfall to this sexy club are the stairs. Lots of stairs. Momma can't go up and down a lot of stairs when she's in six-inch stilettos and has her crunk on. Oh and the plethora of hookers that fill the hotel lobby while waiting to get into LIV. I guess I was right, sex is the theme of this hot spot.
For Liv, two words describes my experience. Pure Awesomeness. My friends and I went on what I deem in my life as Wild Wednesdays. We got there early at 12 and were immediately shuffled in to pay cover. I was shocked at how hassle free it was to get in Liv. I expected the zoo and got a very un-SoBe treatment; I was loving it. One word of advice get there early and before the stampede. This place is crazy expensive, What is crazy expensive? Your money will go screaming and rocketing out of your pockets and into the club's hands before you can even blink. Thank God, I only brought cash because my self-discipline is not my strong suit and point in case was this very night. I came home with an empty wallet. Cover set me back $40. My pockets felt that sting. We decide to get some drinks, adios motha F*cka's to be exact, and those are twenty a pop. My pockets again felt as if they were haymakered by Mike Tyson in his prime. We retreat to the corner, so we can sip on our drink and let the cut man fix us up. At this point, it was really slow in there, but once 1am came the pretty people parade started and was endless. I do not think even heaven has this many pretty people in one spot. It picked up real fast and we started to dance and drink the night away. Soon thereafter, I knew this night was getting to awesomeness when we were taking pictures with random people and being ushered into VIP to sip on some random dude's bottle. I guess it pays to have pretty girls in your group, so they do not mind the dude drinking the bottle away. Like I said, this place is pure awesomeness and well worth the magic that ensues inside.
WARNING - This review is for Kaskade @ LIV only.  I have been hesitant to write a review about this place since 1) douchbaggery at the door here exceeds my mastery of the English language and 2) they don't have negative 100 stars to accurately quantify my displeasure at them. OK having said that, Kaskade at LIV was OUT OF FREAKING HAND. Mercifully since we bought tickets beforehand we were let in faster than a tourist with an Amex Black card buying 10 bottles.  No wait, no hassle.  It was very bizarre actually.   The crowd was as good as it gets - great ratio, absolute talent show.  We ran into some buddies whose tongues were permanently hanging out of their mouths staring at the plethora of probably underage hotties.   Once Kaskade came on the place absolutely exploded - I'll give LIV credit, the production was awesome.  Flamethrowers, go-go dancers, some crazy ass Robot-man, and light wands and sunglasses handed out to the crowd.  The only sobering thing is the drink prices - about $20 each and $7 for bottled water (no tap of course).  Luckily we pre-gamed plenty beforehand to limit the raping of the wallet.   Overall an awesome show and I would come back to see Kaskade again if he played here - only with Pre-sale tickets in hand though.
This place is for kids with their Daddies AmEx card to pretend they have class. The Bouncer at the front is a jerk.  He is on power trip and I think he's searching for his younger years. Overpriced, Rude and not worth the time standing in line to get in.I didn't notice the lights where synced to the music.  Then again I was too busy trying to figure out who the DJ was playing the horrible music.  I was there on some random night when it first opened and hadn't become "the place" to go.   I went. got past the velvet ropes.  When I wasn't tripping over the tables in the club, I was being pushed by the crowd into the bar trying to get an overpriced drink.  I waited a long time for that drink.  We finally left when we had enough at 2AM. I'm 34, I hated this place.  If you aren't into Loud, Smokey, crowded clubs with 21 year olds buying $1500 dollar table service with their parents AmEx Black Card, this isn't for you. This place is for spoiled rich kids to prove something.  I hadn't even thought about hitting someone up for a drink at a table.  I was too busy stealing ice cubes out of their buckets because I was SO hot.  It was HOT in there. $1500 dollars for table service? Really?  Wow. I can't believe people pay to get in this place.   I don't understand why people pay this either.  You can get a couple hundred dollars worth of drinks and get just as loaded as you can on $1500 dollars worth of alcohol. I think the real entertainment is at 5AM when the club clears out.  Pull up a couch, you're sure to find way more excitement from the droves of drunk girls walking out. The people watching at the Bleau Bar is the best.  Truly.  Thursday, Friday, Saturday,.. Go sit and have a drink around 9 or 10- save yourself the annoyance of having gone IN the club. THis place is for the 20 year olds who are out trying to find a random hookup and look like they are someone.  It's the place to be seen and they dress like they are going to be discovered at this club. Maybe its a SoBe thing? I don't know- but it's not my thing.  I'm past the days of clubing.
Don't Believe the Hype. My girlfriends and I don't go out much, so when we do, we're pretty selective about where we go. We believed the hype, and were lucky to get on a list which meant a) not having to wait in line and *hope* to get in, not by your standard waiting in line system, but by what seemed to be a "how good do you look" (aka, how much T-N-A are you showing) line system run by THE douchiest bouncers I've ever encountered and b) not paying lord knows how much to get in. Great- we're in- greeted by another ghetto douche telling us to keep it moving (we paused for a few seconds just to take it all in). Get to the bar- $47 for two vodka and sodas. WHAAT? GTFOH. Watered down vodka and sodas, not to mention. We made our way around the club just in case the hype was still to be discovered- all we encountered was another ghetto-douche-bouncer telling us to keep it moving past/away from the holy VIP section (I understand that's probably his job but don't act like you're protecting President Obama in that VIP section 2 inches away from us). Music- all depends on the dj, which, from what I understand, changes, so this is pretty irrelevant. Was most surprised that a place like this is located in the Fountainblue, which is a reputable, classy property. Needless to say, won't be back, and it has changed my view on the property as a whole.
Money Cannot Buy Class After the original Fontainebleau sold their lost soul to Turnberry Associates and the Plant family and poured $1 Billion dollars into the rudest place in Miami Beach the "Clowns" working the front make make me ill.  Especially the "Top Hat Ambassador" with his Euro overly tanned side kick who never held any other job.  The response from Fontainebleau is "Sorry"  we do not own the venue and do not control anything.  I think personally think for $1 billion dollars they did a great job of upsetting paying guests and locals alike. I advise real people of the earth not attend do not believe the hype.  Peace out losers!!
Overhyped.  Anyone who lives on the Left Coast or has been to Las Vegas will be vastly disappointed. Where are the shark tanks? Glass floors? Acrobats in bondage hanging from the ceiling? People wearing only body paint on stilts? Dancers in water tanks? Human hamster cages? Nope, none.  Just a lame LED dome ceiling and 5 go-go dancers.  Great if you're on something and want to be tricked out staring at the ceiling all night, but nothing special. My party of 7 waited 30 minutes to get in. Dress to kill. If you're into techno, trance, and the Euro dance scene, then this would be THE PLACE to be in Miami Beach on Saturday nights.  It's not my music taste but I'm still glad I got to experience LIV since it felt very "Miami". There were models, overweight old men, and people of all ages (including senior citizens) dancing all night. Would I do this again? No.
If there is one club in Miami where I can brag to my Vegas friends about, LIV would be it! Its located in the Fontainebleau Hotel. As you know most top tier Vegas clubs are in hotel casinos. So this night has a Vegas feel to it all around. This place is quite a cab ride if you are staying at SoBe, so I would recommend leaving early to accommodate for time. My friends just so happened to be staying at the Eden Rock next door. So I was able to go over to their room to pregame for a bit.  After doing so, we were just a stroll away to the Hotel and the club was located right inside the exit.   Since it was Ultra week, we had some major talents of Laid Back Luke, Lil Jon, Skrillex and Sidney Samson.  The lines did not start forming until 10:30, and I believe general admin was finally being allowed into this place around 11:15.  We used that time to mingle with other club goers at the outside bar area. There were girls handing out free sample shots of various drinks to keep us nice and crunk. We had purchased tickets ahead of time, and I had to spend about 10 minutes in line to pick up my tickets before admitted into the club. This was not as bad as in comparison to the general admin line where there was a 45 min line + a hefty cover in triple digits! I highly recommend buying tickets to events during Ultra week unless you know how to get around the system or a host that works at a particular location. The club itself was amazing! I got there early enough where I got a great spot at front of the dance floor and right underneath the stage. I did manage to put together a vid so you can get a feel of the energy that this place delivers: vimeo.com/21736741 Also heres a good pic of the group: a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/… The club itself is anywhere in between a Tier 1 and a Tier 2 Vegas club. The sound system was a 5 / 5. VIP service was abundant  around the club and on both floors. Towards the end of the night we got invited back to a table with 9 bachelorette girls. It was a good way to sit back relax and take the club in. If you want to get crazy, the dance floor is your best bet. Overall the LIV is a WIN in Miami. It is a must stop if you are a Vegas club connoisseur. The DJs from Ultra week definitely helped the cause as well.
This place was stupid. Me & my friends were trying to get in here over the weekend - 8 girls & 6 guys. When Mr. Pretentious 2009 at the door finally got to my homegirl in the wannabe Studio 54 "line," he asked, "How many?" She said, "8 girls..." and then dude turned his snotty nose & walked away. When he came back to let us through she told him, "We also have 6 guys with us." He then proceeded to accuse her of withholding that information on purpose just to get in. She said, "You didn't let me finish," and Mr. 2009 said, "No way. They're not getting in. Absolutely NOT."   WHHOOOOOOWWWWW. I swear I remember seeing this guy on one of those FROM GEEK TO SHEIK episodes. Sorry you were so punked in high school, dude.
We drive up to Fontainebleau, and I'm already impressed by the Fontainebleau sign up in the front entrance, and I really made it show that I was really sad I was too late to take a picture of it... BUT, i was TRI-PPIN. Because HAVE you seen the lobby? Even the lobby is amazing, and the signature bright lights of Miami filled this place, with beautiful chandeliers, and neon pink pillars, and a neon blue floor! BUT, i was TRI-PPIN, because INSIDE was a whole nother world. Not only were we separated from the downstairs dance floor and tables, but we were at the VIP tables section elevated in the back! It was the most amazing view ever, of the whole club. People fist pumpin...to... SPECIAL SURPRISE!!!! PAUL OAKENFOLD PLAYED!! Funny to think I JUST saw him at smokeout festival at Cali 2 weeks beforee.. The night was a blur, and I was dancing the night away, but LIV, you have made it to top of my most unforgettable moments in my life. n I ADORE your ceiling lights. *_*
So, I was really excited to go check out the new, refurbished Fountainebleau Hotel and also shake my groove thing while doing it. I was invited to the grand opening of LIV the night following the huge opening of the hotel and i couldn't wait! After our workout (had to park a mile from the hotel and then walk that mile in our tall tall boots... good thing they were made for walking!), we got to the very packed lobby. I was sure we were going to wait forever in line as I heard people complaining that they were on the list and that they had been waiting forever. As I made my way to the velvet rope, the very attractive Italian bouncer looks at me and asks me "How many?" and I point to my friends and he quickly opens the rope and, to my amazement, we waltz right in!!! I couldn't believe our luck!! We were beyond ourselves! After hearing the horror stories of hours of wait, we get there and walk right in! This place is beautiful! When you walk in, you are hit by a wave of dancing laser lights, heart-pumping electronic music, and beautiful people. The main floor is downstairs, where the DJ booth sits. The place was so packed that you couldn't even dance! I am a fan of a nicely packed dance floor but if you can't even do that, then we've got problems. As you look up from the main dance floor, you can see into the glass-wall VIP booths which look like they are suspended in the air, surrounded by light bulbs. LIV's decor is beautiful and it will definitely become the it place for the Miami club scene. We then decided check out the upstairs and go (sneak) into a private room, where they were playing music we could dance to and hung out for a good hour. After crashing Rebekah's party and toasting with Champagne in her honor, we found ourselves in a little nook close to the entrance where there was more room to dance, though oodly enough, no one was doing it. I guess models don't eat or dance. People were just hanging out and talking, though the music was so loud I couldn't even hear myself think. After a couple of hours of dancing and flirting with the ridiculously good-looking male models, we decided we had enough fabulousness and called it a night. This place is definitely beautiful and a must to check out but I don't know if it was because it was opening night  but the music was alright and I feel like it lacked a little something.
I went there last night, a Friday, to check it out. I don't like clubbing, I'm a dive bar type of guy, I prefer to talk to meet people. I went with my friends who really wanted to go, so I played along being forewarned that it's gonna be expensive and loud and probably annoying. $160 to get 2 guys and 1 cute girl in, because she knew the bouncer. $52 for 3 drinks plus $14 tip that I refused to pay. A tip, what for??! Probably for being allowed to wait in line. Awesome. Lots of very pretty girls. Hot chicks wearing underwear prancing on podiums. Very loud music, thumping bass, lots of people with bottle service who paid insane amounts. The booth next to me was priced at 3000.. 3fucking K. If you go in there, enjoy the shitty music, the extremely expensive drinks, and being treated like crap. I had a crappy time and will never go back, and it's also safe to say I won't ever return to a club. My friends convinced me to stay by getting me a stiff drink, so I stumbled around until I was done then got out. I then enjoyed the wealthy fuckers outside prancing around in their Lamborghinis going vroom vroom. Pathetic. To each their own. Man I miss you Delilah's.
I was here with a couple of girls and this club SUCKS for the following reasons: 1) Pretentious. They handpick who gets to go in. There was no line. We were all bunched together behind the rope. You better get table service if you wanna get in easily. 2) If you don't look "right," you don't get in. We all got in, but we heard someone near us was refused access because she was "too fat". Terrible. 3) This club is too small and too tight. In terms of decor, it was nothing special. 4) Disappointing. With all the fuss that goes into trying to get in to the club, you would think it really IS the most amazing club ever!, BUT it is NOT. In fact, it was pretty boring. 5) The people are jerks and rude. I'm not sure if getting into an "exclusive" club makes people forget general manners. But the people in here are very rude! 6) House music
Wow. What. A. Club. Our experience was a bit elevated as we were chauffeured in by a friend who happens to be a promoter of the club - so no extensive wait in the lines. It was obvious that many standing had been there for quite some time and likely would have a significant amount of time left in their test of patience. We were lucky enough to bypass any wait time so for that I am grateful. Next up, we did a tour of the upstairs VIP area that overlooked the entire club. The views of the premises and booth seating was definitely fantastic but be prepared to throw down mounds of cash for that privilege.  Downstairs (where all the action is), we ordered a round at the bar. I kept it simple with a vodka and water combo ($18) and we took in the glowing ambiance. A couple of recognizable faces from the Kardashian entourage were floating around along with bouncy go go dancers and many prepster fellas and Herve Leger frocked ladies. Ah, Miami... I expected no less. Liv is fun if you're into the club scene or seeking to step outside of your normal bar scene. I'm happy that we experienced it but definitely am more into live concerts and witty conversations which is a totally different scene. If you're going to club it in Miami, come here.
So my friends and I gathered last Sunday night for "one of the" opening night parties at the brand-new Liv. We began our evening in the recently and fully refurbished lobby of the venerable (fontainebleau.com/Static…) Fountainebleau Hotel, where films such as "Goldfinger" had scenes filmed. I'll leave the review of the hotel itself to someone else, but it served as a cool prelude to a hot night. A club is half only as good as the people inside. Liv is being promoted by local nightlife king Michael Capponi. Every Capponi party I've been to is chock full of models, former models (male and female both), their entourage, of course their gawkers, and many other Beach party insiders. Opening night LIVed up to that reputation. The other half of a club's worth is its physical atmosphere. The interior is huge with a domed ceiling with some strange texture. Lights of all colors bounced around through the air above our heads.  DJ Ross kept a frenetic pace of tunes, no more than about 1 minute for each song, from 80's, rock, and hip-hop genres. I judge a sound system system by how well I can hear my friends speak to me. If I can't hear them, I leave sooner rather than later. At Liv I stayed a good three hours. I like to protect my hearing. Goodwill tip for those of you who enjoy clublife, or even work in the loud nightlife industry, or even work in any loud environment, and someday want to hear your grandkids calling your name... Get some NAC: champhealth.com/earsuppl… . Digit, Ross
Because we got in for free without waiting in line. And because they had giant silver balloons all over the ceiling on that one hot night. Also probably because my blurred memory of that one night made me believe that it was a great night.
THIS IS NIGHTLIFE WMC 2010 Tribute to DJ AM Travis Barker on drums with DJ 8 Track on the turn tables, playing live on the front stage, with DJ Jazzy Jeff, Steve Aoki, and Lil John performing from the back stage by the DJ Booth! Does it get better than this?!?!?! This place is gorgeous! "We're in Miami B**ch!" so the people are gorgeous, sun kissed and fresh off the beaches... The Fountain beau is one of Miami's hippest hotels, and it's no surprise that it also houses the hottest new club in South Beach. Make sure you're on a list, or dressed to the nines. Getting pass the door guy will take some smooth talking, charm, and finesse. Once you get pass the velvet ropes and through the hallway, the club opens up into two glass staircases that circle and cascade down into the main floor. They built a DJ booth right into the stairwell with a mini platform stage. I've never seen anything like it. The ceiling is a dome of LED lights that are controlled and synchronized to the music. It reminded me of Lenny Kravitz' "Are you gonna go my way" video. There are glass VIP booths on the second floor overlooking the DJ Booth, probably one of the best seats in the house. This place is mind blowing. I haven't had this much fun in a looooong time. Get ready for it. When you come to LIV, don't forget to get a table reservation, otherwise you may get lost in the crowd. This place is worth it! Had the time of my life. I haven't had this much fun in a long long time. Thank you!
Talking about loosing my wallet on the dance floor and getting it back the next day with everything in it!!!! Well ok not the cash but I guess that was my tip for getting it back with again everything in it...License, credit cards etc. So Thank you for that!!! Also everytime I go the music is great the sound system is amazing and security is always great and the people as well. Perhaps pricy but it is soooooo worth it !!!! Love it!!!
I am LIVid with my with my friends for bringing me here. I thought LIV was suppose to be a classy establishment. It was featured on The Hills, Nicole Richie and Paris Hilton held several events there, and a lot of celebs party at LIV too. However, my experience at LIV was less than fabulous, it was UN-FABULOUS! I had to wait for an extremely long time to get into this place. The bouncers picks the women who they want to come in. Ladies, if you are not a good looking woman; or if you are not showing enough BOOTY and BOOBIES, you are not getting in. This is DISCRIMINATION! TIP: Ugly women, you must be showing some boobies and booty or come with a good looking friend (JUST FYI)   The music at LIV was lame. I paid 40 dollars to shake my booty to tupac and biggie! Despite waiting in line for an extremely long time, paying 40 dollars, and listening to bad music, I decided I should still  enjoy myself (POSITIVITY). While dancing to a Tupac song, this GROUPIE of a famous comedian (not sure who, so he is not important) decides to come up to my friends and I and says rudely, "You are taking up our VIP section."   1. You are a groupie, please do not talk to me - i have no respect for you. 2. Honey, your VIP section fits 7 people, and there are  30 people trying to fit in, which is taking up most of the dance floor. 3. I cannot believe LIV let you in because you are ugly This was my breaking point, I had to leave. The place was extremely  overcrowded; I kept getting pushed around on the dance floor because there was hardly any space. Also, the crowd was a little ghetto, especially for a Sunday.
Last night, I attended a party at LIV.  The party was fine, but LIV left me feeling a bit...well...douche-y.  Rather than my typical Yelp review structure, I will, instead, replay a segment of a FB conversation amongst friends: Ritch:  LIV at the Fontainebleau...in Doucheland.  ;) Laina:  Ha ha ha!!! Free Massengill samples at the door? Ken:  The design was 'fine', but with the ocean right there, one would expect views. It was a bit like being in Satan's Lair, which could have been in part to the party's red color scheme. However, design aside, to give you a sense of the crowd, I was petrified that foam would, at any moment, rain down from the ceiling signaling the beginning of the wet t-shirt competition. Enough said.  Living at LIV is not for me.
Bouncers - power tripping money grubbing cranky men Music - hip hop Friday night and house Saturday night Cover - depends on the time/night you come (guys $30-80, ladies $20 - $60) Drinks - expensive, think Vegas Despite  ALL this, I still had the time of my life at this club while vacationing here.
05.15.11 Sunday night is hip hop night, and May 15 was no exception.  Included with our table was a bevy of celebrity sighting, including a shout out from Lil Wayne. Missed my cue when both Dorell Wright and Tyson Beckford descended the stairs.  Caught a glimpse of Floyd Mayweather.  I wish it was lighter so I can see them all more clearly :) Anyhoo, we had a grand time drinking and dancing the night away, until the very wee hours of the morning.  Liv is the ultimate nightclub in Miami Beach, and can definitely give any of the hip Vegas ones a run for their money. Total damage for the table: $6,700.  Included: bouncer that holds your hand through the crowd to guide you to the restroom and back.
First of all, I have not been in a "club" type of mood for a long time. But I had to come here on Wednesday night and it was the "Dirty Hairy" party by PopLife. Plus Joaquin Phoenix was "performing" aka rapping that night so I sucked it up and went along to what promised to be an interesting night. First of all, the door was a pain. There was a guy handling the door with the guest list in hand and he was obviously only letting in people he knew. I had registered for the guest list although I knew someone that worked at the Fountainbleu. After a few minutes of trying to get the guys attention and he ignoring me, he finally did me a favor and acknowledged my presence of telling me they weren't using the guest list. Luckily a couple minutes later a new door guy came up and immediately let me and my sis in. It is a gorgeous club, very dramatic entrance. Reminded me of Vegas clubs. The sky-boxes are cool.   Although when I stood in one of them to just look down and observe the view was promptly told to get out. The place was empty. Anyways our friend got there and we were able to drink for free the rest of the night so I can't really complain about the drink prices. I loooooved the music. I think Contra was djing most of the time I was there. By 12:30 that place was packed. It was half your typical Miami crowd and the rest was an indie-artsy crowd and bunch of guys wearing fake beards and sunglasses ala Joaquin Phoenix. Speaking of which Joaquin finally took stage right before 2 am and "rapped" for about 45 seconds (it sucked, you could barely hear him) before he dove off the stage and started a fight with a heckler. I left.
Terrible Experience !!!! I would not recommend this place to anyone!!!! The management staff is terrible!!! We went to this location expecting to have a great time, but were shocked at how unprofessional the staff was and how ridiculous their system was!!!   What ever system they have of allowing people to enter the club is pathetic!   No actual line, people just gather around the entrance and the short cuban/puerto rican man picks out people that he feels are good looking enough to enter the club! I was outraged by the entry fee which was $50 for that night, but based on previous reviews it may vary. They should just tell everyone upfront the fee is  "X" amount and let them decide if they are willing to stick around and take their chances to get in!!! There was people waiting around but all decided to go elsewhere because of how pathetic the manager and how picky he was! Overall Not worth the Wait!!! You have people there waiting to get in who are willing to spend money at your venue but your poor service turns them away!!! You are losing a lot of money!!!!
Every time we go to Miami, we just go to LIV every night, and i'm ok with that, haha.   Liv is located kind of far from the bustle of south beach.  The cab ride from 6th and ocean will cost you $20-30.  The club is in the Fountainbleu hotel.  One of the best things about Liv is the lounge right outside the club.  It is basically another club in itself...maybe even better than the club.  So I guess this review encompasses both places.   The lounge out front is very spacious, chic, and comfortable.  Filled with lots of incredibly fine looking women, there is a DJ always bumping house/electronic.  Most people hanging in the lounge are either people waiting in "line" to get into LIV or people who have already gotten rejected from  LIV. Liv is probably one of the hardest clubs to get into.  First off, there is no line to get it in.  There is basically just a mob of people and the staff just picks and chooses who they let in.  The best way to guarantee your entrance into this glorious club is to buy tickets beforehand online.  They have a list of dj's performing for the month.  Depending on the DJ and day of the event it may cost you $30-500.  I think they had Eric Morillo during ultra festival and it cost $400 for tickets.  Even though tickets cost a fortune, it is a sure way to guarantee your way in to the club. Once you get into LIV, there are many different area's to hang out.  There are a number of bars and a huge dance floor.  Tables and VIP areas are scattered throughout.  They keep the numbers down, so the club is not too uncomfortable to walk around.  The dance floor is probably the only area that can become too hot or unbearable.   Expect to pay 18-30 for drinks at this club.  It is really expensive but if you are in the club, you should probably be able to afford this.   The women at the club are very good looking but not unapproachable.  Overall, this is a great spot and I would def recommend anyone check it when they are in Miami!
LIV is AMAZING! This is by far the hottest upscale club in Miami. Tiesto, Nicky Romero and special guest Lil John had me dancing on the dance floor until 5am. It was about $300, but let me say, it was so worth it! You will have the best time coming here. The staff handed all these fun trinkets like glasses, tiesto puppets, glow sticks, and confetti. I was amazed to see tables ordering at least 20 bottles of Cristal, drinking only 3, and spraying the rest on people like it's champagne showers. When it comes to the people, wow! Very attractive people come here, as well as many celebrities including Adrien Brody, Hilton sisters, Kim Kardashian, Vanessa chick from Disney, and others the night I was there. Since I came here two days before New Years, there were more tourists than locals. This club is huge and when it comes to the surround system and lights, damn! You are guaranteed to get wasted here and have an incredible time. Make sure to order a drink from Crystal downstairs, she's awesome!
I was in Miami with friends for  the weekend and we asked where is the hottest club. Everyone said LIV. So naturally thats were we wanted to be. Liv is located in the sick Fountainebleau Hotel. When we arrived we knew this place was going to be a good time. The hotel lobby/bar was looking bright with neon floors changing color every few minutes. Beautiful people were everywhere having drinks. The women were dressed to impress. I hadnt seen so much louie vuitton since walking into the store. Yikes. Then i saw the pandemonium people called the line to get in. Wa Wa Wa....... It is very hard to get in here if you dont have bottle service and you dont want to wait in line. Correction close to impossible. Lucky for me my friend is a fast talker and took care ($$$)  of the doorman. If it wasnt for that i would be giving this place one star. Once we got inside it was pretty awesome. It really is one of the best clubs i have seen and "We be Clubbin".  When people talk about hot women in Miami they gots be talking about this place. The music was mostly trance/techno or whatever they call it now. I didnt really mind becuase there was a special DJ that rocked the house something fierce. All in all i had a good time with my friends. I would not come back through unless i had bottle service or a million dollars to burn. Oh yea, same thing.
I'm not sure how I feel about this place.  I have been on a Saturday and on a Wednesday -- Saturday was for a party my work colleagues and I were throwing -- it was damn near impossible to get in.  Even with wanting to buy bottles, we still had a hard time at the door. On a Wednesday, it is more chill, good music  - however, it is still your typical Miami pretentious scene which I am not a fan of.   Not to mention the drinks and bottles are ridiculously priced. I had to try it to try it, but not sure if I will come back.
LIV is amazing!!!! I was a little nervous about coming here after having read so many negative reviews, mostly written by people who didn't get in. Quick tip: buy tickets in advance online. There's a separate entrance for will call tickets so DO NOT wait with the mob of people. We were four guys, no girls and had no problem getting in at 11:30pm on a Friday night! The interior is beautiful. The sound system is very impressive...they played a lot of house music and Sky Blu from LMFAO was the guest that night. After 3, they played a lot of hip-hop. There was enough room to dance right in front of the DJ. The whole club was very cool temperature-wise as well. I can't say enough great things about this place! Lastly, the girls and the crowd here are BEAUTIFUL. Guys...dress well and good luck!
$50/pp for cover on the night of superbowl..... Why do I keep seeing other reviews with $40/pp? gahhhh.. Don't forget the $20 Valet also.. double gahh My bf and I were already there so we just decided to check it out since it was so talked about..  Not to be biased, I rather pay $50/pp for Vegas than LIV in Miami.  Don't get me wrong, the venue is very nice but you cannot compare it to XS with the pools, open air, and bigger venue.  LIV is a 2 story venue, with great sound system and vegas feel to it.  Bottle service tables are right in the middle along the sides of the dance floor, and also private cabanas upstairs.  I loved the double stairway going down to the dance floor though, which made you feel like royalty walking down. We went on a Sunday night at around 11:30pm, which was obviously hip hop night.  It's been awhile since we danced to hip hop since house music is overflowing right now around the bay area.  I actually really did enjoy myself!  We danced, drank, and people watched!  I felt they weren't really dancing though but instead they were standing and drinking, flaunting their money... "wasssuuuppppp lets pick her" type of face on! Haha it was hilarious.   Drinks of course were expensive, between $15-$20 a pop, depending on what you ordered.  At least they were strong.   Bathrooms were always available. Thank goodness girls! Not going to deny though.  Miami definitely knows how to party and pop their bottles like no other!
Great club, feels like you've stepped through a wormhole to Vegas.  The scene at the door is insane: hundreds of model-looking women waiting in line, jockeying for position.  So dudes, prepare to drop some serious cash to secure a table if you want even a remote chance of getting inside.  Dance floor is packed, drinks are super-expensive- but you'll have a blast.   Pro tips: -Try to get a table on the lower level by the dance floor. -Be prepared to deal w/ the requisite douchy-ness that always comes w/ a place like this. -Bring large sums of cash (think matured CDs).
Beautiful venue and stellar sound system I prefer the tables upstairs rather than the madness downstairs Friendly, professional staff Crowd is iffy though Bathrooms are a hike
Probably one of the most insane and energetic clubs I have ever been to. I only reason it ain't a five is because cover is $60 and you probably have to bribe the bouncers another $60 to get in if you are a guy (yes even ladies have to pay the cover unlike Vegas). Table minimums are also $3K so prepare to drop some paper. Inside is quite extravagant with great sounds and lights. There are 2 floors and you walk down through either of the double staircase to the dancefloor where people go cray. The VIP with tables is far back in a staged area. This place is all about opulence and massive fun. Should check out if you are in Miami Beach.
Is it worth the hassle? No. It's a nice new club inside, good-looking people but hyped-up waaayyy too much all because it's part of the FB. Valet will cost you $40 plus if you park valet in the front of the FB or $20 plus if you valet on the side. I recommend the $10 lot a block or so down right next to Eden Roc. Avoid this place on special event days unless you want to dish out $400 a bottle for every couple of people in your group and know a promoter to get on the bottle list in advance. Easier nights to get in include Wednesday, Saturday; not a Friday. Dress to impress here is a must!
This is a great spot but always in life you have to pick your poison and plan accordingly. It will be challenging to get in without women - and the more women the better. Your chances of getting in go down exponentially as the days of the week near the weekend. Yes, there is a red, velvet rope and a bouncer that will probably ignore you. This. Is. Miami Beach. Welcome. And this is also why a lot of locals don't come out - but to be so dismissive is to be missing out of the real reason why we have such a popular and successful toursim industry. In a lot of ways, Liv is the best we have in comparison to the super clubs of Vegas, nearly the same but, perhaps arguably, we will always have the more attractive people. The lights, sound systems, and special guests are always spectacular. It tends to start packing in around 12:30 and reaching critical mass around 1:30 - and that's just on a Wednesday night; Which, by the way, is also when Poplife (you know them, right?) runs their Dirty Harry event so try to get on a guest list and get in for free :D. Sure the drinks are beyond expensive, especially given the portions, but you also know how to compensate for that right? Parking is available less than a block up on a City of Miami Beach public parking lot, which is cheap or free depending on your time of arrival. Especially if you're a local, you have to come here at least twice a year, consider it a pilgrimage of sorts, and remember: those chandeliers in the hotel lobby is worth $1 million; be patient and collected with your bouncers; be nice to the tourists; and most importantly of all, that beautiful bar in the lobby is affectionately referred to as: the reject's bar. Enjoy!
Basically, refer to the review below by Ute. This place is so sad, because the layout and design is pretty cool. But god the crowd was boring, and the music was lame. I'm sorry but no one wants to dance to old-school hip hop mashed up with bar songs like Jesse's Girl and crap like that.  I was expecting much more. Also, although we got in with a promoter friend no problem, the line is stupid long. And even in its early stages, this place is already attracting the Hialeah crowd. Booooooo. Went to RokBar instead and had a blast.
I've had the worst nightlife experience in my life at Liv. My wife's iPhone 5S was stollen. Someone opened her purse and took the iPhone away. We asked for help to the staff and they laughed at our face. We arrived at 12am and at 1:30am we needed to leave because of this situation. We asked for help to 5 different people working there and no one even offer any kind of help. I've been partying in Miami at Mint, Mansion, Bamboo, Story, etc and never had such a bad experience and felt so over passed by the staff. Th place was absolutely overpacked, more than its regular capacity which made it impossible to even move. Nothing of this would happen in any of the other mentioned places. Absolutely not recommend this place at all.
So ... since I never got a chance to go in I can't really rate on the drinks or the atmosphere or the people or the music. BUT ... I am rating about the confusing, shitty, annoying mess around the rope. We were here for a bachelorette party and just stood by the rope because there was a hoard of people just crowding it. Bouncers would come by and I would ask them what the situation was just to be ignored. I know I don't look like britney spears or jenna jamieson or whoever they fancy, but they were only letting dudes in. Can't say I was impressed since they were probably getting bottle service, but there was no order to this. Everyone just crowding and pushing. A few people behind me were pushing and the rope fell, which caused the bouncers to scream. I don't think my eardrums appreciated that. So ... we said SCREW this and got ourselves a case of beer at the hotel! When people say line, they really mean this huge massive crowded group of people pushing like it's the grand opening of an Apple store in China.
OH my goodness. gracious. great balls of [white, hot] fire.   yes, bouncers are obnoxious. yeah, it's a bit pricey. and of course there's always a mob outside -even on a wednesday night.  like last night.  when lil jon is performing, and the heat just made it to the conference finals.  and lebron is all up in the club. but what is the point of going clubbing if the music isn't great, girls aren't incredibly hot, guys aren't actually gentlemen capable of conversing, and drinks aren't strong? i just saw all the negative reviews ... clubs are not for everyone people ... LIV is not for everyone but if you love getting dolled up, going dancing and people watching ... there is no better club than LIV.
I know the men who produced the lighting, and the club shares a name with yours truly, so I had to visit it while in Miami. I do miss the old Fontainebleau, I'm not going to lie. It was a staple when I was a kid to come around that corner on Collins avenue and see the beautiful mural painted on their exterior structure. It's off the beaten path of the "club row" making it a destination as opposed to a pit stop, or appetizer on your menu for the evening. LIV was exactly what I expected. Posh, expensive, beautiful and loud. The atmosphere was a bit over-the-top for my taste, but I was spoiled in the 90's, when Miami nightclubs were at their hottest (in my mind).  Don't bother with the table service, it's gouging at its finest! It's worth checking out, but I wouldn't make it a regular destination.
I had the BEST time at LIV. Some GFs and I happened to meet the right group of guys at another place that invited us to come with them to LIV, which was next door to our hotel. Once we all got there, we were escorted in - no waiting!! the guys we were with got a table and bottles. they were constantly refilling our champagne glasses all night long. at one point when we all had to use the bathroom, our guy motioned for a bouncer to come over and he escorted us, and WAITED on us to finish then took us back to the table. now THATs service! I fell in love with the DJs music. I cant remember who was DJing but he was awesome. I will def be back!
Who hasn't heard of Liv? The gfs and I just KNEW we had to add this to our list of "to do's" while we were down in Miami. We waltzed up to the front of the line like little divas and sure enough, the bouncers beckoned us to come over. We got to cut the line, got in for free, AND were "booked" Miami style. We got to hang out in the VIP section and met some cool guys and gals... and I have to say, the service is one of the best I've ever experienced. I spilled some champagne on my heels and within the next 30 seconds, bus boys magically appeared to help me clean it off. Seriously, loved LIV. Cannot wait to go back!!
Horrible experience. I have never been to a club where the doorman pick and choose who goes into a club. My friends and I waited for almost a hour even when we were on a guest list. The door man seemed to only let fake looking bimbos into the club. Well Liv doesn't have to worry about seeing me there ever again (or better yet the lobby, because I wasn't allowed to go elsewhere). I don't have time, money or energy to waste on stuck up clubs and people who couldn't get into the same club on their day off from work as a doorman
Real: 3.5S Came as a couple early and walked right in while others...some with girls waited behind the velvet ropes. I paid $60 while my girl paid $30.  The layout is probably one of the best lay-out for a club I've ever seen in my life. I've partied a lot and different venues...all over the world and this is up there as far as venue layout goes.  The drinks are CRAZY expensive..about 20+ for a drink...most ever I've spent anywhere.  The DJ was good...just the typical House/Techno/Rave music.  One of those places you glad you experienced but wouldn't necessary go back to.
What a beautiful club in a beautiful hotel. I've never been to the previous version of the Fontaine Bleu that was run by Hilton, but the hotel hummed with energy that you rarely get anywhere, but in Las Vegas... and the club matched it. Normally I find nightclubs/lounges in Miami to be overly cheesey, but I found nothing of that ilk out of LIV. I went on a Wed night and they had 4 very well known DJs (local/out of town) get on the turntables throughout the evening. There was also celebrity presence at the club with A-Rod fresh from winning the world series and superstar house DJ Erick Morillo in attendance. My only grip was the cost of a drink. I ordered a grey goose on the rocks and was amazed that the cost of the drink was not only $19, but that the automatic gratuity and tax made it over $23. I mean let's be honest... that's a bit ridiculous, but so is the club.
Omg! 'nuff said you better pregame the drinks are like $12, even for a club soda WTF!?! .  It's an OK club, granted its beautiful and some of the people are too but the music was the same monotonous techno beat.  The DJ could've mixed in some other music in there, even Salsa, It is Miami contra! I don't know what the cover was as we were fortunate to know someone...apparently you have to know someone to get in...IDK. It was nice to say I've been to a fancy club like this but neva again unless it's Vegas and I'm sure I'd have more fun there TBH!
Just got back from Miami and staying at the Fontain Bleau hotel where LIV is located.   We thought we would try out the "supposedly" hottest night club in Miami so we purchased tickets.  We go in around 11:00 PM when the club opens and buy our first drinks.  Whoa!  3 vodka tonics in little 5 oz plastic cups $68 dollars.  Were talking dixie cup size drinks here.  OK.  Fair enough its the hottest club in Miami so we say what the heck.   We paid to hear a special DJ but he hasn't shown up yet so it's the standard club DJ or perhaps a warm up act for our chosen DJ before he arrives.  The music is trance/electronic  with hard driving beats at 1:30 our DJ steps out and well the music sounds exactly the same.  What did we pay $70 per ticket for?   It's 2:00 AM the club and dance floor are so packed you can barely walk.  A girl is dancing next to me with her drink above her head and spills half of it on me and my $300 dollar shirt.  I don't say anything but move away from her only to turn around and found out she followed.  I reach up and get her hand and tell her she's spilling it on people.   She jerks it back and gives me a go to hell look.  I tell her again and try and pull her hand down only to have  her give me another go to hell look.  Her friend apologizes but her other friends start yelling.  Next thing you know I have 3 bouncers on me asking me "Would I be mad if someone did that to my wife?".   I try to explain but for about 3 minutes can't get a word in edgewise because the guy keeps asking me the same thing over and over again.  At first I thought he was the girls husband and then realized he was security.  Finally I told him  "If you will let me talk I'll tell you".   I told him I might not like it but if my wife was spilling drinks on someone I'd understand then trying to pull her hand down. He goes into a long diatribe about how everyone is drunk and you can't do that etc..  Tells me he could throw me out etc...   Long story short he lets me stay but my wife is so pissed we end up leaving anyway. So my thoughts on LIV 1.  WAY WAY WAY over priced.  If you like getting screwed because a place is supposed to be cool then go to LIV. 2.  Over rated.  It's a large room with 2 floors some couches a video screen and pretty lights that plays the same trance music every other dance club in America plays.  It just happens to be located in a historic hotel where lots of pretty people and celebrities like to go so they play it up and charge stupid prices. 3.  Over crowded.  Fire code?  What fire code?  Way too many people in such a small area.  You can't move much less dance.   One more thing.  Our friends got charged $55 dollars for 1 drink.  When he complained the bartender said "Too late I've already charged your card".  My friend is disputing the charge.  I recommend paying cash here and not opening up a tab. I wouldn't go back here if they paid and gave me all the free drinks in the building.
LOVE this club! I ALWAYS come here when I'm in Miami! In fact, during my most recent trips this year to Miami (new years eve & ultra music festival), I found myself in this club (and outdoor pool/lounge called arkadia), night after night because they always threw the biggest parties and hosted the best DJ's from all around the world. The club itself is very well designed and could possibly be the largest nightclub that I've set my tiny feet into, thus far lol. Also, in addition to the great music, the lights are gorgeous, and the dancers are hot but their costumes are even hotter, if that even makes any sense lol. Only downside to this club is that it can get extremely crowded, despite its larger-than-life space. Losing my friends inevitably became the norm here, night after night, and finding them again would only happen because I would accidentally run into them hours later, or others from our table would find me and lead me back to them lol. Overall, it's definitely a nice club and I'm sure that I'll be back again! Also, they seem to have a very strict door policy enforced, and unfortunatly being a guest of the hotel isn't going to help people get in w/o spending money, or knowing someone at the door [esp. if a big dj is headlining] :(
A friend and I visited LIV Nightclub on our recent trip to Miami.  Given the hefty entrance fee and affiliation with the Fontainbleau Hotel, our expectations were that LIV would be a classy nightclub. Instead, we discovered that LIV is a MECCA for iphone theft.  My friend and I both had small crossbody purses with zippers.  While walking to the bathroom both of our purses which were touching our bodies were unzipped and our iphones were stolen.  When we went downstairs to report the theft there was a third woman whose phone had also been stolen from her purse within minutes of ours.  I've also read other reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor which evidence that this is a common occurrence at LIV. When we reported the theft to the club security they were demeaning and insulting.  The security staff would not tell us their names and  I wasn't certain I was even being directed to the appropriate people. They also paid us $200 trying to get us to leave which made me think they were involved in the scam.   My suggestion to LIV is that if you are going to allow an underground market for iphone theft to have the courtesy to put up signs to warn your clientele that their personal belongings are at risk.
Liv is a good time and I would definitely recommend it to anyone going to Miami for the first time. It's one of those bars/clubs you go to in your life, that you'll never forget for either positive or negative reasons! Me and my friends ended up there Halloween Weekend last year, based on what we'd heard about the place from a lot of the locals we met down in South Beach and a couple of Canadians we also met the night before at Mansion (another Hot Miami night spot). Everyone pretty much hyped it up as being the best club in Miami, in terms of music, girls, crowd, and overall ambience, and it pretty much had all what you expect from a high-end club such as the overpriced drinks, excessive wait-time to get in, and a ridiculous $40 cover! The music was awesome, they had a real good DJ that night, who threw on some good old/new school hip hop/r&b and a lot of modern house/dance music. I won't lie, as a guy I have to admit this:  THE GIRLS WERE INCREDIBLE!!! -- A little snotty, but what can you can expect, it's South Beach! My only real negative comment about the place, would be the bouncers, who as always we're assholes in every sense of the word. First off, they took forever to let us in the bar. Secondly, later in the night they threw my friend out of the club, because he accidently bumped into some girl, spilled her drink, then she went ape-shit on him!! I tried to get him back into the club, but the bouncers wouldn't hear it, and nearly threw me out as well! My advice, don't go here if you're going to Miami on a budget, because you will spend a lot of dough. Definitely pre-game hard before you get out here, because the bar is crazy expensive!!
LIV is much like Miami. A beautiful place filled with some of North/South America's most  obnoxious, entitled brats. As such, it has great people watching--some of the best outside Vegas. Beyond that: LIV has a great sound system. Great lights. Great bartenders. Anything else, and you're probably too drunk to be discerning. I would never come here for anything other than...I'll have to get back to you on that one.
This place is obnoxious. I rarely wait more than 3 minutes at almost any club in Miami.  LIV has the worst line system ever.  Basically, there is none.  There's a huge mob outside and the bouncers are rude.  Like really, really rude. To girls. Hot girls. Yes, amazing DJs perform here.   No, it's probably not worth dealing with this place to see them.  Seriously. Other things to note- They won't serve you water.  Even if you order 10 drinks with top shelf liquor.  They will insist that you buy an $8 MINI bottle of Fiji water.  I have never experienced this before in Miami. Anywhere. Also- the lights in the ceiling can be annoying.  I'm sure they're great if you're rolling or something, but otherwise, ugh. If you insist on partying at the Fountainebleu, go to Arkadia.  But bring earplugs. I once had ringing in my ears for DAYS after a long night at Arkadia.
This is where I started by Bday weekend. I had so much to drink I thought I died in this place. My friend had a company party going on so we didn't have to wait in the massive line to get in or pay for drinks. The service was great, the dancers were glowing in the dark and my skirt was swaying from side to side all night. I don't know if I would've liked this place if it weren't for my friends and hanging out in VIP. Idk why I tried to walk around a bit at one point, it was just toooooooooo many people. I even think someone spilled some of their drink on me grrrrrrrr I despise this about clubbing. I don't remember much but it was one of those nights where your feet feel like you were walking on sharp rocks,  you fall asleep in a pretty dress, you wake up to mascara smudges on your pillow and there's a bucket by your bed. Horrible yes, but fuck that!!!!!
Before we got to Miami I did a lot of extensive research on where to go, what the 'it' clubs were, who played what music on what night, ect. All in all, LIV had a substantial reputation for being the best place in town, along with being on the 'Top 10 Clubs in the World' list, which I really couldn't argue with. We stayed at the Fontainebleau, which made getting to the Club and worrying about the line a no brainer. We got there early and secured a spot dear the DJ booth. Cedric Gervais, a Miami native was DJing which was awesome. By 12:30 the club was completely packed and moving was next to impossible. Throughout the night tons of goodies were passed out: LIV/Cedric Gervais - Sh!T Show Wayfarer glasses and Foam light sticks that had a cutout of Cedric on them were amongst our loot. The sound system here was top notch and one of the only clubs where I left without feeling deaf. The bathroom was clean and the line moved fast. We ended up leaving to go to The Clevelander around 2am because it was so packed. Overall, it was one of those clubs you HAVE to go to if you are in Miami, but I would pick Mansion over it any day.
It's a love/hate thing with LIV. Yes, it's overrated. But YES it's a must see/go when you're visiting Miami. I had a great time & went with the right people :)
Honestly, nothing spectacular about this club besides that they have cool artists performances. We went Friday night. It was pretty packed like sardines. A lot of good looking people. DRINKS WERE RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE IT WAS A JOKE! $60 for shots? my @$$. Just like any other big name club. I thought Mansion was way better...we pretty much felt we wet just to say we did.
Sexy!  I'm having a love affair and it's with one of my favorite clubs in Miami.  Have nothing but a great time EVERY time I come here. "If I were to die in a club, I'd die happy at LIV" If you get a table, go for a table on the main floor with all the other high rollers or along the railings upstairs.
I went on a Saturday night (techno night, not my favorite, but eh). I walked right in with 3 or 4 other girls. No cover, no line, nothing. There was a photographer right when we walked in. He went to take our picture and some old dude jumped in on it. He said to me, "Now that picture is going to be worth some money since I'm in it." Oh please. I didn't even know who this guy was. This initial encounter is probably what turned me off from the entire club. Went to buy drinks, had to wait in line at the bar for a while, but some schmuck picked up our tab, so I guess I can't complain. The dancer's costumes were awesome. The club was big enough to move around. I liked that. But overall, we really just did a lap or two and bailed. I heard Sunday nights are better. And to respond to a review below regarding getting kicked out by the bouncers after a claim that you didn't pay and then they called the police and had you arrested when you freak out because you had in fact paid? That is the second time I have heard that EXACT same story. So on that note, I would recommend to everyone to hang on to your receipts there!
Me and my life partner were in Miami Beach to celebrate a dear friend's birthday (destination b-day). Saturday night Luckily, the head of our party had called in advance and dropped a ton of coin on reserving a table and table service. Also helped that we were all guest checking into the hotel fountain bleu for the weekend. If it weren't for this, we would never have gotten in. They corral everyone into what I would describe as more of a mob than a line. The door gestapo gave us attitude even though we were on the list and acted like he was doing us a favor by letting us through. there were about a dozen of us, a mixed crowd. Inside is a little smallish, the dance floor is tiny. It's more about the table service and people watching here. Very hot young gorgeous girls and older skeevy men inside. Be prepared to pay top dollar for drinks and if you get table service extremely top dollar for bottles. But table service does come with a scantily dressed girl to pour drink for you as long as the bottle is there. Music was OK, the usual vague amorphous dance music you don't know and dance mixes of songs you do know.
LIV is my favorite going out place in Miami! If you want to have a gorgeous night out it's the place to go. DJs are great, big dance floor, everyone is dressed up and looks gorgeous. The downside might be hard to get in if you don't know the right people. Liv it up!!!
I had the opportunity to visit LIV in celebration of a friend's birthday on a recent Friday night.  Our group included quite a number of guys, which can often lead to problems getting into clubs on the beach, but a friend of a friend hooked it up, and we were good to go. The music selection was perfect - a little hip-hop, a little dance, a little house - nothing too overwhelming, and all great for dancing.  The drinks were pricey, as is to be expected, but it's still always a shock to see that a round of drinks for 4 or 5 people easily tops $100! Overall, a great time was had by all, and the venue was amazing, as other Yelpers have described.  Obviously, this was before the crazy rainstorm of a couple weeks ago that led to rampant flooding and the Fontainbleu's roof collapsing.
From the dance floor, watching the stairs leading down from the entrance up above, it looked like someone turned on a faucet of beautiful people and left it running for hours. Since this isn't my usual scene nowadays (come to think of it, it wasn't in the old days either), I am giving LIV 5-Stars because my wife and I and some friends had a GREAT time there a few weeks ago. Great sound system.  Great dancing...Entertaining for us old folks, if nothing else:)
Only 4 stars cause I can only remember so much... Big Shout out to the bouncers... thanks for making feel like Beyonce for a night! LIV is awesome so amazing that words can explain the brightest of the lights, the taste of the drinks or the quality of the staff!
Although I love dancing, I'm not a fan of this place because it is a tourist trap. I had a friend in from out of town and we were staying at the FB so we decided to go. First, we had to get a hookup to walk in. Then, we had to pay to get in. Third, we had to pay $50 pp for women!!! Yes, it was a long weekend but there were no free drinks involved. I guess if you're visiting it's a cool locale to check out but the DJ changed the song before you knew which one it was. Not my cup of tea.
LIV won me over right from the start when they asked my friends and I to skip the line. Please and thank you. The cover was pricey, but it's South Beach. I wasn't surprised. If you have your heart set on getting in and not waiting long, I would get there early - like at 11/11:30. I realize this is equivalent to like 6 pm in Miami time, but it is what it is. I hate when clubs get stuffy. and you end up sweating all over the place. LIV somehow managed to stay cool the entire time. I was in awe. Can't wait to go back.
Ok so where to start off with this place......Im not exactly best looking guy on the planet but this place had some top quality looking girls and guys. I mean come on now its MIAMI what more can you say. IT is worth mentioning that the hotel it is in Fontaine Bleau is pretty amazing if thats a good enough word for it. I would of been happy relaxing at that bar thats right outside of the entrance for LIV because it seemed like it was happening itself. The decorations and what not were very flashy and it drew quite an attraction to the eye to say the least. Now we didnt have problem getting in and we were out of towners, and i guess when we went which was on Sat night was a tough night to. IT was helpful to ask around and be able to talk to the right person their as well. Always helpful to be social in a random city. But, I guess it did help having 9 or 10 beautiful looking women with us. Which is key at any high end club, lounge you go to. Its always comes down to ratio ratio ratio. Usually 2:1 does the trick with a small group. Leave your not so attractive friends at home. As sad as that sounds thats the sad honest truth. Don't believe me try it out. "Well Bobby what do i do if i have a big group" split them up into smaller groups you will get in faster. The next option is bottle service if you cant do that. It was a big sized club that had ambiance of a New York attiude, Vegas Style, Miami hotness, and with just the right amount of LA snottyness rolled into 1 club. It had it all. The only thing I can probably bicker over was the layout. It was kind of smooshed on the first floor with everyone pushed together. Which makes it worth getting a table to have your own space. When this happened people slowly hustled their way up to 2nd floor which was cool. I never saw 2nd floor though but could see it from our table. Recently made 2nd trip to LIV about a month ago and completely tore that place a new one and it was well worth it. 1st time there was for the WMC party back in late March which was fun to and vibe was good as well. But this last trip really did it for me great DJ that night, great crowd and amazing Bottle service and host was crawling hands and knees literally trying to please us, which honestly was quite flattering. I guess $$$ talks in Miami as well. I guess we made quite an impression because some prince of some country made it towards our table without me knowing and schmoozing. The owner came by to see how we were doing and personally invited us back. So i guess we were lucky. So if you need some guidance or any help with the place PM message and I can try to lead you in right direction if needed. All in all what more can you ask for the energy was great, hot women everywhere, great atmosphere, and great city. One problem I can see is that it is a little bit of a cab ride away from most of the hub bub of South Beach but once you get to LIV you  will see that it was worth it. I had fun maybe you will to!
Not really sure how we would get into the Fontainebleau night club LIV but when you have a friend like Ramon! Be sure that it is possible to get into anywhere in Miami!! Only takes a text to put our names on the list. Upon arriving I could not help to notice the long lines and crowd standing everywhere in the hotel lobby! I was kind of second guessing how we could manage to get in but when you least expect it we did not even wait 3mins and we were already walking into the club and skipping everyone with our VIP treatment. haha. Walking into LIV I could not help but notice that it reminded me so much of the night club in Vegas at the Arias hotel! It was a very beautiful club. The music is great. It was a bit crowded and I could totally tell there were a lot of tourist. One of my favorite parts was that Far East Movement was going to be performing. I was so ready to hear "like a g6"!! I will definitely like to be back again and most likely will!
Thanks and shout out to the dudes who paid whatever amount they did to get all 8 of us girls in.  Don't know how they do it in Miami, to be honest, but we were not about to argue with people who were willing to spend money on us to get into a club without knowing their names or having to see the the rest of the night.  Such nice people, you are!  :P At first, I was skeptical about the club because looking from the entrance, it looked empty.  Little did I know that you have to walk down some stairs to see what's up. Anyway, we had such a great time the first night we were there and somehow found our ways to the VIPs with endless champagne to the point that one of my girlfriends had to keep sneaking off the the restroom to pour it down the toilet because the champagne just wouldn't STOP flowing!  :P However, I had to lower the stars rating because a few nights later, we went back to celebrate my best friend's bachelorette party, and the cocky door man who clearly is upset for other reasons I am unsure of (willing to bet its his lack of balls... or he just has little angry man syndrome or something) was mean!  HOW THE HECK ARE YOU NOT GOING TO LET THE BRIDE TO BE IN BECAUSE SHE IS WEARING A VEIL!?!?  (rest assured, its not one of those yanky or nasty ones with a penis at the top or anything, it was actually a pretty Bridal veil that was way appropriate for any occasion anywhere)  Usually, wouldn't you want a Bachelorette Party to happen at your club since there are a bunch of girls and guys are ready to just buy the Bride to Be and her posse drinks?  Geez, tough guy... whatever it is that was up your butt, I hope you took it out! I would have given LIV a 5 star, but that guy at the door that night just ruined it.  I wish I would have taken a picture of his face so I can post it here with, "BEWARE OF DOUCHELORD"!  (and no, it was not Scott Disick of 'Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami"... hahahah!)
I was visiting Miami from LA this weekend and I had to come to what I heard was the hottest club in Miami right now. After conquering tough doors in Hollywood and in Vegas, I wasn't afraid to face the stone faced bouncers at LIV. I will say the bouncers were not the friendliest bunch. They were standing around blatantly trying not to make eye contact with anyone. One bouncer even went off on one girl who tapped him on the shoulder! However, after a few minutes my friend and I were let in. Once inside, all of my expectations were met. The venue is large, airy and full of fancy lights and allusions to make for a classic Miami dance club experience. The DJ's were awesome and the GoGo's were mesmerizing. (I'm still trying to practice there signature booty shake move). One thing I thought was quite funny was that everyone who had table service was dancing on top of the white couches! That is not acceptable in LA or Vegas, I like how Miami really allows people to let loose and have a good time. The dance floor was packed until 4am when we left. The next time I visit Miami, I will definitely be back.
Dear LIV, I absolutely love you! There is nothing out in LA that compares to you! Sure some people dislike you because of your stuck up ways. I have to admit I was a bit peeved myself. BUT once I experienced the lavishness inside of you I was full of bliss! And I cant forget my encounters with "the situation", Jonathan Cheban, Ryan Leslie, Busta Rhymes, and lil wayne that I got to experience. Till next time LIV!!
I really do not know why I get dragged to come here. I've been here twice, and one thing I hate was the waiting. First time I went, alright I'll be patient and wait...for three hours. The second time, same thing. I just thought to myself, I got this ugly man whose a promoter/in charge of the club picking girls in the club, awesome... Alright, so LIV decor is nice...without the drunken mess. I felt like I was in a sardine can. Drinks are expensive, thank goodness I pregamed. Because it was trance night, I was not amused. However, when it was hip hop night, I had fun. The second time I went, I had such a bad vibe that I just left. Wasn't my thing. Now if you want to get into this place, ladies: you better slut it up. Guys: you better have a wad of cash.
Stayed at this hotel for a week and was curious about this club.  Read the reviews here and was a little apprehensive about trying to get in because there were no other ladies in my party, i was wearing my maxi dress from earlier in the day, mismatched flats , no makeup, no connections, and im 30...lol...Anyways.... The lobby of the hotel is busy..there are people loitering and waiting to get in...little confusing...just walk to the side where the cover girl charge taker is and the bouncer will let you in...this is around 11:30 ish.... I thought the bouncers were nice...I had forgotten my id and had to go back to the room to get it, and he let me in on the exit side no problem.. Like everyone says don't come here without an open wallet.  NOTHING in the entire fontainbleau is cheap (i.e. a coke at bleu bar is $5 bucks and a room service coke is $11 not including auto tip).  LIV is no different.  the cover for guys was $40 and women $20 (likely negotiable).   Drinks are start at $16 for a well and I thought pretty generous pour.   The prices does filter out a lot of the crowd ..otherwise I think it just be too ghetto.   However you are still a 2nd class citizen without bottle service.  There is a limited standing area by the bars and in the middle of the dance floor.   Most of the space is taken by tables... I went on a Sunday and apparently it was hip hop night.  Playing a lot of 00's hip hop which was nice.  Mostly African American crowd.  Early to mid twenties in age.  Club wasnt very packed but when I left saw the outside crowd double in size.  Also no re-entry !  Be prepared to repay if you want to go back in.   If you are idealistic i.e. anti superficiality anti pay to play anti snobbery then u will definitely not like this club... I dont think it lived up to its hype but it's definitely something to try at least once if you are staying at the hotel... edit: oops..guess I went to bed too early....Rick Ross came later ....
One of the best clubs in Miami Beach, but pretty far away from south beach. Relatively easy to get in if you arrive by 11pm or buy $90 tickets in advance, but it doesn't seem to terribly affect the quality of patrons. They play lots of house which is not my thing and as typical for Miami too many lit cigarettes are motioned around so you have to worry much more than just about a spilled drink and stepped on pradas. Another downside is that place gets so packed by 1am that even with a table on a main floor, there is really no room to move. I would still suggest to check it out - go for dinner in FB from 9-11 and then to the club for a drink and dancing till 1am.
With sincerest apologies to The Bard: To wait or not to wait; that is the question Whether it is nobler to just stand and suffer the long lines and gaily-dressed Euro-trash outside or to flash a platinum card and order VIP and by doing so, empty out your account?  To drink: to dance; and by dance to say that we chance an encounter with a drunken, scantily-clad hottie on the floor, impress her with VIP and knock boots not too long after at her place; Ah, it is a fantasy devoutly to be wished.  To drink: to dance; To dance: a chance to make a fool of oneself; Ay, there's the rub; For who thinks it cool for single men to dance alone flexing muscles on the dance floor, slowly bouncing closer to the flock of women dancing together while competing with other men for a bit of attention... or rejection Must give us pause: there's the respect that makes the conundrum of club-life in Miami; For who would bear the heat and humidity of SoBe, The velvet-Rope Nazis, the overpriced drinks, the douchy revelers, the mad parking, rude cabbies and the faux gleam and glamour of South Beach, when he can make his own drinks in the comfort of his own house, surrounded by friends?   Who would fardels bear to be grunted and yelled at, but that the promise of something inside the club, that booming, bass-filled cavern from whose belly no sober man returns, puzzles the will and makes us rather wait in line with grit'd teeth than to fly to other watering holes we know of? Thus, South Beach does make Ultra-Bros of us all; and thus, our will and resolution to never return is sicklied over with a pale cast of thought, and hopes of "it will be better this time". With this regard, our hopes gets the better of us and our pride retracts in inaction. - Soft you now! Giant Bouncer of Liv, in thy great steroid filled grasp take my AmEx, give me VIP be all my expenses remembered tomorrow.  --
LIV is definitely the best nightclub in Miami right now! After reading alot of negative reviews I figured we wouldnt even be able to get in...BUT...thanks to working with the promoter, Shaun Gold, we were able to get in!  It also helps going with a group of girls.   We got there right @ 11 when they were opening and by the time we got inside it was PACKED.  REALLY PACKED. The club in HUGE and very trendy.  The music was AWESOME and the people were beautiful.  The drinks were ridiculously expensive though.  We ordered 3 shots, and these were 3 very basic shots, and the bill was $65.00  YIKES!!  Cocktails started @ $15 and went up.  So, go with an open wallet... We stood around the bar area and danced and shoved our way to the crowded dance floor a few times to dance.  We wanted to see some celebs so we paid the big bouncer at the "red rope" of the 2nd level VIP section at the front of the dance floor and he let us in.   The only celeb we saw was Scott Disick ( Kourtney Kardashians boyfriend)...he was there for his "man-shower"  He was there with Cisco Adler, Kevin Federline and Swayze but we didnt see them. If you like to dance, see beautiful people and spend alot of money, and celeb-hunt....this is the place for you!
Loved it.  Sunday night in South Beach this is the place to be.  Great DJ's on the turn tables, beautiful people, celebs [several people with cable shows], athletes [D. Wade and LeBron among others when we were there] Europeans [Italians and British were talking to us], Industry types [Friendly Door Guy from the Florida Room and other DJ's on their night off], and yummy drinks.  Expect to see women in sequin hot pants and heels while dudes are wearing special order sneakers that cost $300 and up.   PS - While we were here there was a small incident in VIP.  The staff was on it so fast it was INSANE.  They got the guy out without disturbing most of the guests and stopping the music.  They do NOT tolerate bad behavior. FYI - This is NOT a place for those on a budget.  This is where the big kids play.   If you have a group of boys who are too cheap to get a bottle, or haven't been going to the gym, or lack self confidence, don't bother trying.  If you're a dude and you want to pick up those chicks who didn't make the cut, you can buy them a drink in the lobby bar while they're trying to get in and you might get lucky.
Music is great if you like house music ;) Sunday is only hiphop night. I really enjoyed music in this club. A lot of beautiful model girls (hired by club) with rich guys spending stupid money and hoping to get lucky. just like most miami clubs.. Kinda stupid.. And bouncer will act like a God! When you trying to get in but don't know anyone. i didnt pay anything to get in.. If I have to pay to go to club and spend weak $20per drink or spend at least 5k for table bottle service? I will fly to cancun and get better treat!!! If you don't know anyone, you will have to pay 20-100 of cover.. Some named DJ night maybe over 150?
Love ths place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sunday is HIPHOP day and amazing! Get there at 11:00pm and be prepared to stand in a sqare line! They pick and choose who gets in, but eventually everyone should get in! 11:30PM is when the doors open and they started at $40.00 and goes up to over a 100 bucks. So get there early and dress very sexy~ Be prepared to dance your a off! yes your a off! tons of fun and you are going to spend about 30 bucks a drink... so come a little tipsy already and then have fun! sexy sexy place!
Probably my favorite club in Miami. Great music and atmosphere. I had a great time here with my girlfriends. Although we were here for a bachelorette party, the bride to be could not wear her sash or tiara in there... So odd, but we saw another girl with hers on. Lines are pretty long though so I would suggest getting a promoter to hook you up.
We held our client's Customer Appreciation Party here and bought out the place. It was great! Decor when all the lights are flashing look great, music was great, and so is the staff! Can't say enough about the excellent customer service here. All of the attendee's loved it. Open bar, great food. You can't go wrong!
Yes.. They're picky as hell with the people they let in.. Yes... There's no rhyme or reason with how disorganized they are.. Not to mention rude.. But damn.. Once you get in, they sure know how to pump everyone up. Definitely the most fun I've had in any club! My girlfriend and I got here at 5 to 11.. There was a short line by the will call area.. We assumed this was the line and I suppose everyone else did too since everyone lined up behind us... At about 11:30 or so the bouncers started looking for people with table reservations and those who wanted a table... FYI.. They were charging  $2,500 for 10 people to a table.. That comes to $250 per person and doesn't even include gratuity... Screw that if you ask me.. Several people asked where the line started but the bouncers chose to ignore those questions and proceeded with selling tables to willing and able individuals. Lucky for us, the bouncer asked us how many there were in our party.. Just two Asian girls, I wouldn't say hot, but we're decent looking girls. He let us in with $40 cover.. I heard for guys it was $80. Now that's absurd unless your going to see some epic DJ spinning at the club. In this case.. It was Quintino. I, frankly don't know him and wouldn't have paid $80 just to see him.. But boy am I wrong, as soon as this guy hit the stage, he was full on amazing. He got the crowd pumping and enjoying themselves! At any rate, you don't have to be drop dead gorgeous or shell out tons of money to get in.. You may get lucky or you may have to wait. But it is definitely worth. My night was epic all thanks to Liv!
I went on Saturday to see Ivano Bellini and Oscar G. I hear Wednesdays are similar with great dance music (no hip hop thank god). I recommend befriending a club promoter like Poplife guys or Shaun Gold to get on a list so you don't wait and you don't pay. If not its a typical south beach roped situation where depending on who you are with or what you look like you might wait a very very long time and maybe not even get in. The places is spectacular and you can move around freely even when its packed b/c of the well thought out layout. It didn't get packed til about 1 am. **Discovery** each bar charges different prices for the same drink! For example down stairs at one end 1 beer & 1 cheap vodka soda was $22 and at the other end 1 beer & 2 cheap vodka sodas was $44. And maybe each bartender charges differently for all I know. So my advice is to ask before you buy and shop around for drinks. In all its a great place for dancing/music and people watching! And if you don't make it inside or feel like waiting to get in there are still a ton of people in the hotel lobby bar so its a win win either way!
Saturday night. I feel like they revamped a millennium style Studio 54 party. It was bananas. Magnums of champagne popped and sprayed like sweet rain in a desert. Dollar bills snowed upon dancers like the first winter dump of the season. People dressed as stuffed animals drank vodka from the bottle... Very good DJ, tough door, great place to be!
I was so torn on how many stars to give. Here are all the great things: 1. I had an ABSOLUTE blast here when Steve Aoki was here. I mean, like life changing. 2. In general, they always play fantastic music, if you are into house, which I totally am. 3. Pretty fun place with a lot of good looking people around. Downsides: 1. It seems really difficult to get into. Luckily, I have a lot of friends who live in South Florida so they are always able to get us in right away. 2. THEY DON'T SERVE WATER! If you want water, you have to buy a bottle of fiji water, which will cost you a whopping $8. 3. Their drinks are $20 each. Then again, thats pretty standard in Sobe. 4. When we got bottle service, our table was a little cramped.  We had to make friends with the table next to us as we were practically sharing a table.
Craziness... Thank goodness I didn't have to wait in a crazy line...Thank you Moet Hennessy for the perks!  Not sure if I would love this place if I didn't have any hook ups.  Bottle service area was great but downstairs was so so so packed.  Love watching the beautiful people from a top.  Loved the experience and loved Miami night life~~~   P-diddy made a special appearance the night I went and he got the crowd going... He was off the hook.  Got to say this is "the spot"  in Miami!
Club liv is a more upscale club in Miami. it's $30 to get in which is doing way too much since this club is super packed!! pretty decent crowd very diverse. the music wasn't all that just ok. I had a great time at the hotel bar which was packed. their drinks are pretty strong. my only compliant will be the way they treat people who don't have a table. WTF ok so the bouncers we're running around getting glasses and bottles and just running into people being very rude. Like if you get a table there your some kind of God oh hell no! they were super thirsty for that so we left. also its super freakin packed to where you can't dance. didn't see too much eye candy either. I will say that I had a good time here only because I fell down the stairs getting to the dance floor! lmao you should of seen security, they rushed to help me up to see if i was ok because that could of been a lawsuit! LOL
I've LIV'd. It was an utterly epic night of my life. They have it all, great beats, a beautiful crowd, and all of the ___ you'd expect from the 'Hottest Club in Miami' Hundreds of girls dressed to the nines stand in line waiting to get in. Guys, you don't stand a chance, you have to buy a table if you want to LIV your life.  And it was $5k for a table the night I went ($7.5k for the night before when Steve Angelo was there). I'd give this place $$$$$$$$$$ if Yelp would let me give it more than 4. LIV your life!
I am not local to Miami, but I can say with certainty that LIV is the best club there. The line or rather a semi-circle to get in is ridiculous and unless you are ready to buy a table, you better be good-looking (such as my girlfriend :). This would be a stereotypical Friday or Saturday. I was here last Saturday and Rony Seikaly was playing and he was great! Which I cannot say about Sunday - we walked in and right out. The crowd was completely different and music sounded like an iPod shuffle playlist. If you haven't been to this place, you definitely should try it out! That's a true Miami nightclub. Also, if you fail to get in, you can always go for a few drinks at Blue Bar right across the hall. PS: the only disadvantage of LIV is that it gets really packed (and I am used to NYC packed.. this gets more packed)
LIV is located inside the luxurious Fontainebleau hotel on collins ave. The location is great because to the left and right are more great bars and lounges if you decide you want to hop around. The club has Great music they frequently have the best lineup of djs. The rich and famous frequent this club as well. The club is filled with gorgeous trendy people. Perfect south beach decor, great energy. This is just the place to party in Miami.
If I could give this place zero stars I would. This is absolutely appalling from the promoters to the bouncers I have never felt so violated and disrespected in my entire life. Don't waste your time going to this ghetto club, you are better off going to wall. The security touched us inappropriately, the dancers were all on drugs and smelled like weed, and the promoters all want to get laid because this is their only opportunity to get girls. I'm sorry this club is being ran by sex deprived low lives who lack authority in all aspects of their lives. I am so happy that letting in underage girls to a ghetto club gives them an ego boost. I wish this club the best of luck, but honestly, after having gone into the premises I regretted it. As someone who is well acquainted with the club industry and frequents nightclubs in Los Angeles I am embarrassed at this excuse of a club. This establishment needs a reality check before it takes itself and it's promoters down with it. I am embarrassed for Miami that it even has an establishment this horrific. Me and my friends left the club absolutely livid.
NICE CLUB MUSIC SYSTEM & SCREENS ROCK Is it worth the hassle? If your not staying there, or know someone to get in. No. Luckily we did. Parking is expensive Avoid this place on special event days unless you want to dish out We saw men paying the door guys hundreds to get in..INSANE!
Two stars for looking pretty. Poorly organized! Rude bouncers and table hosts! I would rather spend my money and time in any Vegas club than here. Never again!!!
The worst door experience ever. I mean being on a list talking to the mgr days before and agreeing to botttle service does not mean your getting in.  i witnessed groups of attractive girls not getting any love from the door men. Half of our crew left for greener pastures after about 45 minutes. Upon finally getting in, just to be a dick he only let in 4 out of 5 of us. and said he would get in shortly. Mind you there is no line outside this place its just a mass of people waiting in the lobby pushing to get up front and selected to go in. I took about 30 minutes and a lot of convincing to get him finally in and they made him go around the side door for some reason. Beware of bottle whores. I have never experienced so many girls blatantly asking for a free drink while batting theyr eyelashes and pretending like theyre interested in you , I mean i felt like i was at a strip club but the drinks were twice as  expensive. Music was great, people very attractive still had a great time and wouldve given it a 4 if it wasnt for the obnoxious door. theyre trying to hard to be super exclusive and its a turnoff. Im sure the Miami in crowd has a different perspective and im probably just a bitter tourist but I call em like i see em
Let me preface this by saying I have been to some of the hottest clubs in NYC and Vegas. I understand the process, it's who you know and how you look. However, this place is an utter shit show. The process is so disorganized. The doormen think they're hot and better than you but in reality they're short, washed up, and if they weren't doormen they would never speak to a woman in their lives. There is one in particular who looks like Dracula and has a receding hairline, he runs the show. So there is no line, people just barricade the gates until a bouncer notices you or knows you or you pay them off. Never have I seen such chaos in my entire life. I really wish the people here knew how ridiculous they looked begging bouncers to let them into this club. Pathetic.
This club was okay, but I've been to better. They also charged $40 for ladies to get in. I've been to better clubs in Vegas for free, but if you're stuck in Miami and need to to have a semi-Vegas club experience this will be your best bet. I came with my girlfriends for memorial day weekend. So I had a good time despite the cost and nothing but gangsta music to dance to. I take that back the dj played at least one Pitbull and one LMFAO song. Now I can say we've been and I will never have to go again. Tip: Memorial Day weekend is the worst weekend ever in South Beach. We didn't get the memo. So be warned and stay away.
I went on 9th of October to LIV to make french friends discover "one of the greatest night club of Miami" (as it is supposed to be). When we walked in, the bouncer asked us 60$ per person ! Damn ! That's expensive we all said ! After paying we met french guys that paid 30$ each on the same night...  because they said there's a special pice for people comming from "Miami Beach International Travellers Hostel" (for poor young travellers)... That made me feel really fu***** bad !! About the ambiance, some people were not even dressed up, this night the LIV looked like a really poor and not interesting night club... I won't recommand it again... Sorry !
Waited about 10 mins in the "line" on a Friday night and paid a 20 dollar cover. Totally worth it. This place impressed me. Confetti, guy in a robot suit dancing by the DJ booth, great music, plenty of space to dance and walk around. Bar area off to the side was a little annoying to get to since that was the most crowded area but it was tolerable. Bar staff was the most pleasant here out of all of the places I went all weekend. Lots of creepy guys here. I was only with another female friend and repeatedly had to tell people to leave us alone but they don't like to take no for an answer so we had to move around a bit to get away from them. If you're a girl wearing heels be careful dancing  on the main dance floor after they've dropped confetti almost slipped a few times. Most definitely will be back here next time I'm in town.
Work the doormen! if you're experiencing Miami for the first time I would definately recommend LIV. The venue is big and screams "I'm in Miami Bitch!" Our 13 girl entourage were able to work the door and bypass waiting longer than 10 mins to get it. There were no lines just a mass of people gathered around the ropes. Either you grab a doorman's attention or continue waiting till someone notices you. Admission was $30 per girl on a Saturday night. Drinks are EXPENSIVE but that's all the nightclubs in South Beach and Warning: if you pay with Credit Card they add auto gratuity! CARRY CASH. Crowd was classy and fun. All the guys were respectful. Try to get bottle service. It's worth having a place to sit and for the drink prices you're better off. I think bottles start at $1,000 (don't quote me). Ralph, one of the bouncers hooked us girls up big time! Such a sweetheart! Sad I didn't get a chance to thank him because I was too busy running around Untz Untz-ing! Music was mainly electronic trance/house which I'm not a huge fan of but the atmosphere of the place made you get into it. There is a small hip hop room but it was borring so we happily Untz Untz all night long! We had a blast. I hear Sundays are hip hop. TIP: Bachlorette Parties-They don't like flashy cheesy bachlorette gear so hide your crowns and sashes.
Amazing, amazing, amazing. Music, ambiance, crowd -- all amazing. Went on a Saturday night and there was no line. That's not to say it was smooth sailing to get in. No -- far from it. There's no line, but there's a sea of club-goers swarming their way toward the ropes of the entrance hoping to be acknowledged by the bouncers to hopefully be admitted in. Word of caution for guys -- you won't get in unless: 1. You're with a girl 2. You're with a group of girls 3. You reserve bottle service 4. You have a connect/know a promoter Otherwise, get drunk at the hotel bar and wait in line with the rest of the hopefuls who are being ignored. Getting there early won't help you either. Once inside, it's an experience. Drinks are pricey, but whatever. Can't wait to go back.
This place is the real deal! Its massive, grand, and the people are gorgeous! Only complaint is they play house music. Can a brotha get a little hip hop?? MUST VISIT if staying in SoBe!
Models, bottles, money and glamour. This about sums it up. Beautiful people. Huge space. Pricey drinks. impossible to get to the door man, but once you can get his attention (and hopefully you know him), you'll get right in. This is a place to be seen and see people who want to be seen. Celebrities frequent the club. Big named DJs are Gods here. You can see the millions of dollars spent to build this club, from the ceilings to the staircases, booths overlooking the club and the fantastic lights and sound system. What else can you expect from what's considered one of the best clubs in the US?
I honestly do not understand the hype of this place. When my beautiful friends and I arrived, we were forced to wait in line for almost 45 minutes. First of all I have no idea why we continued to wait but our stupidity is not part of the story. We realized after 10 or so minutes that the RUDE AS HELL bouncers were only letting in people who dropped $2,500 for a table. No big deal. This explained why fat unattractive and horribly dressed girls were getting into the club. We're looking at ourselves and wondering how the chunky girl in the sundress and DENIM jacket (no joke) got in before us. But that's how it works there-they let in people who have a table and some people, sick of waiting, decide to dole out the insane amount of money just to get in. When we finally got through the first round of rope, we were told the entrance fee was $60. Ha! Give me a break..no good club makes hot girls pay to get in...which is also why the ugly ones have to pay to get in. Simple as that. We went someone else-to an awesome hotel club right by the beach with gorgeous pools and an eclectic range of chairs and lights. To make this story more confusing, we ended meeting some people who brought us back to LIV where we were hoping PTSD didn't kick in. For whatever reason, we got within seconds (around 330am) and walked in to...a whatever club. Honestly, not being bitter! The dancing area is very small and they even rope you into the dancing area, like you're caged animals. The bar area was dirty, the music was mediocre at best...DJ sucked, actually. The people inside were NOT cute. The dancers were fairly talented, though they moved more like yogis than dancers. We left after 20 mins. All in all, our opinion of LIV is that if you haven't been clubbing in Europe, NY or LA, then LIV will probs be fun. If you have some clubbing experience, keep walking!
Club LIV is definitely one of the biggest and most glamorous clubs I've ever been to, and that might be why it's so hyped up. I went on a Wednesday night, and surprisingly, it was paaacked. If you're a girl, no problem..you're getting in (usually free too) so as long as the night you're going isn't a Friday or something where they're hosting some grandiose event. The scene is good, but definitely expect to drop money if you didn't pregame. Shots are about $16 each. The music is...ehhh....I don't think it's their fault that the Miami Beach scene is all about that house/techno groove, but I do wish they played more mash-ups with hop hop. Oh well. Overall, I had fun, but I think it's overhyped.
Great club, comparable to the best in Vegas! this is one of the clubs where you step inside and you are like WOAHHH, photo moment! We got there around 11.30pm on Saturday, few days ago, just 2 of us New Yorker girls, saw what appeared to be a massive line and at first we were like oh shoot maybe its not gonna be easy to get in!! But thank goodness for the girls line, the bouncer gestured us in past all the guys, and we got in really quickly for $30 cover. I will say drinks are typical club price - $12-$15, and it took about 1am for the crowd to get popping. before that everyone just stood around and smoked (that's the downside to miami clubs), drank, looked around. Crowd is good, well-dressed, fun-loving, Around 2 or 3am we were all given free lightsticks to rave/wave around, and there was also lots of confetti coming down from the ceiling. We had a regular DJ playing, it wasn't any crazy famous DJ but music was good all round!
Flew down for labor day weekend to see My favorite Dj tiesto heard it was hard to get in liv so I reserved a table and paid for it a month in advance had my confirmation on my iPhone threw a loser named joe. Get there he says we sold Ur table for double we refunded your money.... Who the f u think u are shorty come to Chicago il show u how to run a club and Ur boss or dad Freddy he can chokkkke on this he thinks he's gods gifts to clubs I remember him ten years ago at club prive waiting tables lolilililooooo lames stop jocking him little Joey
Two words: TOP NOTCH! Ok, I'm done. No but for real LIV was all of what I'd heard, which were excellent reviews from friends and some Yelpers.  This was the final stop on our Labor Day weekend party train and as well my sister's birthday.   We'd already been prepped on getting there early, looking the part, etc. It was about 11 of us and we got there early like suggested. We took pix to pass the time, and even one of LIV's bouncer crashed the pix. We used this to our advantage to let him know we were visitors, celebrating my sister's bday.  The guy was so nice, that when the doors opened, he let all of us in first. The club is big and BEAUTIFUL, there are several different floors.  The drinks are about $18 but are STRONG, there was no need to buy several drinks to get a buzz here. Sundays, as the others have said, are hip hop night. The DJ played some decent music, but from my memory it was only in spurts. Besides the wayward DJ the club itself lives up to it's name.
Beautiful indoor decor. $20 shots is quite ridiculous, but we came because it was the place to be. The crowd was pretty cool and it was a good time. I'd come back.
I've only been here once, so I'm basing my review on this one experience. My friends and I went here when I was visiting Miami for Art Basel Week.  There were 3 girls & 1 guy. The girls were all welcomed in for free but they wanted to charge the guy $100- (and that wouldn't have included anything, simply $100 to walk through the door). My friend and I (who were both visiting) decided to go in and the other two said they would meet us later on in the night since they had been there before & live in Florida. The place is HUGE.  I've been to a ton of clubs in NY and, size wise, nothing compares.  It's massive.  We lucked out and Eric Morillo was DJing that night.  We were able to get up close and had a great time.  The bar staff worked quickly and getting drinks wasn't an issue.  The dance floor was big enough to allow you room to actually dance and enjoy yourself. The dancers and show they put on were a ton of fun. I wish my friends had been able to join us so we could've spent more of our night there, but we ended up leaving after about an hour/an hour & a half in order to head elsewhere to meet them.
I cannot remember a night as fabulous as my recent night at LIV.  This is a see-and-be-seen kind of place, so you better know the right people.  When you do, you walk right past the throngs of people waiting to get in (see ya!), speed by the people on the inside waiting to pay the cover (sux to be you!) and are led right to your VIP table past the regular folks (is it our fault we're 7 hot girls?).   The music was great.  Miami does a lot of house, but this mixed in some Top 40/Hip Hop that was perfect for dancing.  The bottle service was quick and plentiful.  We were even treated to a surprise performance by Robin Thicke, who happened to be in the club and got on the bar for one song.  LOVE HIM. We visited many clubs on our long weekend and this was the best by far.  Where am I staying on my next Miami trip?  FB.  Where will you find me on night #1?  LIV.
Went on an off-night (Wed 12/1/10) and had a blast! I flew in from Chicago to see a friend, and since it was just us 2 dudes, it definitely helped to know someone in security so we didn't have to grease any wheels, or pay cover, to get in. We didn't have a table, but we were introduced to the security manager and club manager while it was still early, and they made sure we were well taken care of. - Gorgeous Women - Miami Drink Prices - Huge place Unfortunately, I don't have anything to compare this to in Miami, since it's the only club I went to, but I can't imagine it getting better than LIV.
I came here to see Alesso on  6/28/12. Man it was crowed but insane club! The lights and purple glow all around make the club very fancy. The dress code of couse is dressy as well. Good to know it's the #2 club in the world. There apparently were alot of people trying to get across the gates. I didn't have to deal with it since i pre-paid for my tickets/entrance online before it sold out. Only took me 5 minutes to get in as soon as it opened at 11pm. The drinks. Well they are pricey! $7 for a beer? $17 for a mixed drink? Wow! We didn't drink much. Before the show we chilled in the lounge area and had some old school music. Got a $17 strawberry mojito. Wow! Make sure you bring alot of money if you plan to drink.
I've been to LIV before but my girl had never been. I set a budget for both of us in my head of $80 to get in. anything higher we'd just leave & it was Monday which LIV is usually closed but luckily it's miami music week so LIV was open. last night was Martin Garrix as DJ. recommend if you don't know the DJ that you YouTube their pervious work to see if it's worth paying to hear them spin. caught a few guys walking out & inquired how much was it they said $80 per guy I was like fuk that. but I always have to see for myself I just like a heads up. so we go in & the bouncer says $80 for you $60 for her and my girl shakes her head and say it's not even worth it. the bouncer called me back and said you pay and I'll cover your girl. since I imagine spending $80 to get in it was fine. so we both got in and the sound system was definitely just amazing. the club for full of people on a Monday... I'm thinking don't these people have to work. the club is created to be the best. could seem on the small side at times hence why it's so expensive & they are so selective on who gets in. all beautiful people so don't think because you look beautiful and your friend looks alright your both going to get in. because LIV hurt feelings on a constant bases you'll just be another bitter group. if you have ugly friends find a way to get them to stay home. nothing personal south beach is just pretty superficial & there is no way around it folks unless your paying more to be yourself. Drink before you go!! or pay the $2,000 for the table so you can get a bottle menu & buy bottles because the drinks are pure juice. I felt disrespected when my girl ordered a Long Island and it was just juice. $24 plus tip of 3 dollars for juice... complete & unuttered disrespect. if you don't want to spend $5000 on bottles & a table just buy shots. they might be weak as well but at least your not drinking juice. hence why I said drink before you get there. In the hotel, the car, the taxi, the bar In front of LIV just drink before you get inside. Martin Garrix was a great DJ the music was excellent. I was tired within 2 hours of pelvic humping, jumping & screaming. my girlfriend had a really good time. can't wait to take her to LIV on Sunday one of these days. you'll enjoy yourself if your in a good mood, and you probably won't like it if you have the slightest bit of a hard time. I would have given it 5 stars it's just the drink situation screwed me over. beautiful decor, beautiful lighting system, state of the art sound system & beautiful people... why not
"LIV on Sundays, King of Diamond on Mondays" as Lil Wayne would say. This is the best club in all of Miami. The drinks are 17 dollars a drink. Sound system is Incredible, VIP table and service is amazing. Have to dress to impress. Beautiful girls everywhere. The ratio of Girls to Guys is 3-1. Best club in all of Miami, cant wait to go back!
I wanted to give LIV 5 stars but just can't. Had a reservation and got in within 20 minutes of trying, but I don't like trying to push through people who don't have a reservation, especially when I will be spending thousands on a table. Either way, got in, yada yada... Made a reservation for a table downstairs at a set price.  Walk in and they set us up at a table upstairs in the corner.  Not happening.  I explain that this wasn't the deal and unacceptable.  A price was set for a certain table and I would not be shuffled off to the side.  The VIP host we were working with moved us to a stage table directly overlooking the dance floor. Much better. The wait staff was very attentive and the bouncer working the rope by our area was very nice to deal with all night. We ran through 3 bottles of vodka and 2 bottles of champagne for 6 people.  The table was very large and comfortable for our group of 6, which was surprising after coming from the miniature tables at The Wall on Thursday. The light system was the best I had ever seen.  The sound system was good for a place this size.  It really brought me back to Crobar in Chicago when it was good... Armen Van Helden was excellent, I just wish he mixed in some more dance songs like he normally does. The majority of the night was hard house, with a Barbra Streisand here and a Levels there...   All in all it was a good experience, although I had a better time at The Wall on Thursday. I'd rather skip the $4000 tab and hang out in the lobby bar if I could do it over again.
Definetly is the BEST club in Miami, BUT two drinks & a bottle water shouldn't cost $50!!! Way over priced!!! Get ready to spend some serious $$$$ here!!
Gross.
Not a fan of this place.... over hyped, bad music. A long line though generally in Miami girls can get in free/ in front of the line.
Very Good Very Hot Very Exclusive Very Miami Very Very Very... We all know how things in excess are not as "very" at the end of the day and LIV wasn't an exception. Everybody knows LIV. Everybody tell you to go. Everybody wanna go but apparently only if you are enough fortunate you will have access to what its said is the hottest club in Miami. LIV is located in the lobby of Fontainebleau Hotel, a modern hotel that offer not only night distraction, including their Bleau Bar, but also some interesting dinning options, like Scarpetta. LIV is not that different to many other clubs; Miami, Manhattan and probably anywhere else. And as usual, enough fortunate means that either you are part of a girl army "dress to impress" (which doesn't necessarily means you are in style) Or you know someone. Or you pay with an inner organ to get into. Based on this I'd classify LIV as exclusive instead, without the "very" addition because we could get in after just 10 min. Even without to know someone but just talking, with what we thought it was a party promoter, as follow: "just girls, NY. How can we get in?" We receive free passes automatically and voila. Inside. And its not that we can always get in everywhere.. I been painfully? rejected a few times in the "very exclusive". But anyways, the 10 min mentioned above only reflects the waiting time since they open their doors ... but the waiting time in total that will allow you to have a good spot in the front was about 45 min. People start to accumulate at the lobby, or what is better, and I recommend, at Bleau bar, a nice lounge that deserve a visit by itself, and slowly start to move to the door forming a multidimensional line .. because its not a line but a bunch of "good looking" people.   The patriarchal model of society is too patent in here. Very patent. Girls enter first. Allowing guys outside to drool and prepare their wallets. Once inside males try to impose their predominant role and at LIV I see a tendency to think that that is a fact more than a possibility and so you could maybe have to deal with this. Actually, waitresses serve drinks but also entertain patrons dancing and mingling in the tables with them. The space itself is huge. Impressive and well decorated. During the first 2 hours after opening it was comfortable, easy to get an spot to dance but later on started to get pack. Still, move around and you will find an spot. In addition to this the drinks are not bad. The prices are similar to what you pay at any other club, don't expect less than $15. But at least are enjoyable somehow. And when we order a tequila shot we were offer 2 different kinds . El cuervo is what we chose and it was really good. I liked this as seems like they take a little care about what you drink. The music however was ok. Current hits, either commercial hip hop and some house eventually. The first DJ playing wasn't too bad. But when the celebrity DJ appeared, everybody got crazy but it wasn't as good to me. Not related with the style of music that he played but with his own style. To finish just to mention that people smoke. Only a few, but its noticeable. This seems to be a Miami thing as I saw it also in a different club. Life In Very is not that great but LIV is an experience. Its a club with the topics reaching the excess. Very after all. But a very OK I'd say.
Came here back in May, and O-M-G this is the epitome of Miami pretentiousness. I just wanted to scream at all the promoters and dudes guarding the entrance to GET OVER YOURSELVES. I've never missed Vegas so much. And after all the wait and trouble of getting in, the crowd was so super duper whack that we left for somewhere else by midnight.
I would NOT recommend this place . They were rude! I understand exclusivity however people deserve respect especially if they are spending their money. This is what I witness and then left; 1. There was a mixed looking guy with curly hair came over and asked the girl next to me how many was n her party she said 11 he said hell nah get back behind the rope as she was trying to explain he said fuck you and walked off 2.  There was a black man and another girl on the side of me tried to offer him $50 to get n and he told her baby I don't even know what a fifty look like 3. After a while it was noticeable only white, other than black was getting let n through the ropes ... All the black people looked as if they had a paid band for VIP ... I work with alot of celebrities and I won't stop writing this review nor telling people about this awful service
Read the opening to Tanya L's review: "Not really sure how we would get into the Fontainebleau night club LIV but when you have a friend like Ramon! Be sure that it is possible to get into anywhere in Miami!! Only takes a text to put our names on the list." yeah... it's like that. I am just not a fan of these spots where they are so pretty, luxurious and fancy but they everyone that attends "VIP" or "On A List" is so fake and stuck up. However, when you get in the normal person way (by paying for a ticket) at a price of $350, you get treated like you are in the way. Thank GOD I received a Kaskade discount and only payed a respectable $100 or else I would be LIVid at LIV. Now, I am just disgusted. Yes, everything is gorgeous, the set up is very appealing to the eyes, you can sit back and enjoy the view... right up until about 1am when the place gets OVERLY packed and the "VIP" sections fill up. The location of the "VIP" sections you ask? The entire back, the couches on the main dance floor (cause that is smart) and the entire perimeter of upstairs. And I was initially set up next to the couches on the main floor and thought I was fine, then security fills and tells everyone around the "VIP area" you need to back away... I guess we all didn't see the imaginary "VIP area" line that extends out into the middle of the MAIN dance floor #FAIL. So I asked if there was an area I could stand because I had a foot injury, I was shoved in a corner in the back that could fit 3 people, outside of the back VIP area, ummmmm, no thanks. So I adventured upstairs and stood next to one of the "VIP tables" and was informed of the "imaginary" line again... so lame. The lights and the the sound system, awesome. The clientele and the staff terrible beyond words. I hope to GOD Kaskade realizes he should play at spots that are not so stuck up so that his real fans can enjoy a place to DANCE to his DANCE music.
You haven't truly experienced what the Miami club scene is all about until you have experienced the spectacle that is LIV at the Fontainebleau. The entire night will be an experience in and of itself and I'll explain why. I've attended LIV on several occasions to see big name DJ's such as Fedde Legrand, Sebastian Ingrosso, Axwell, Ferry Corsten, Cedric Gervais, and Kaskade. Every single one of those nights was amazing and provided memories that I'll never forget. But I can give you a preview of what to expect when you get a chance to go. I'll tell you its' a huge rush when you know you are about to get into the hottest spot to party in all of South Florida. First off, you are going to have to get there early. Much earlier than you would normally arrive at a "regular" club. The Fontainebleau lobby rapidly becomes a sea of beautiful people sporting their their best outfits, nicest shoes, and wearing their coolest jewelry. Even if you aren't going in, the crowd of people is a show in its own right. Another thing you are going to have to do is wait. Even if you know someone at the door, the priority goes to the statuesque models, big money bottle poppers, and Miami socialites. Once you get in you arrive at the main staircase, you can't help but be in awe of this place. There are LED lights on the ceiling, sky boxes overlooking the main dance floor, DJ booth directly below you, and a massive dance floor directly in front of you. There is even a big screen across from the DJ booth that usually displays the DJ's name among other cool graphics. The sound system here is amazing as well. The bass is incredible and can be heard perfectly no matter where you are. Add to that an amazing DJ and it's a can't miss recipe for having an awesome night. There are bars on either side of the dance floor as well as another one on the second level. They pour premium vodka standard on all cocktails unless you specify otherwise. This also comes at a premium price. But when you go to LIV, that is to be expected. You are going to have a great time anyways so at the end of the day, if you had fun, the splurge becomes well worth it. One thing I try to do is limit my time here to only coming for big DJ's. If I came here every time I went out I'd become extremely spoiled and all other clubs would fail in comparison. Sometimes the more intimate club settings can be just as fun. I kind of see LIV as a treat every once in a while when I really feel like going all out. So if you want to party at what I consider to be the best club in the U.S., go to LIV!
if you like places where it's all about who you know then LIV is for you! if you don't happen to be well connected, wear your sexiest outfit, grab as many hot girlfriends as you can, and get ready to wait in line. lucky for me I happened to be with the right people on the right night and so we were able to walk right in. first, I must say the hotel, the club, everything is really just beautiful. I am not rating it based on those factors in any way (it's get 5 otherwise)...I am simply reviewing my experience at the club - music, crowd, drinks, vibe. of course, your perception of  'good' is subjective...but this is just not my type of place. the music on the night I went was mashup (mix of pretty much any random music), which can be fun sometimes (and was this night). the crowd is very "Miami" and they are packed in there (place was sl-ammed on a Wed), also not my style. and the drinks are ridonculously expensive! the VIP is a bit better if only because you are above and away from the throngs of people and can watch the dancing/drinking/primping hordes from the balcony. so, even though I had a great time with my friends, and even though the club is really pretty to look at, it's unlikely this will be a place where you'd catch me very often!
this rating is base on how much fun I have, which was a lot.
Yes, LIV is beautiful. Beautiful decor, ambiance, lights, women, Oh! and those cool spikey lights, decorations, or whatever they are. To be honest, I did not have to pay for anything, so I don't exactly know how pricey it is. (I've heard stories) and I don't know how harsh they are at the door either (I've heard stories about that too). I just remember sipping on my drink hanging out in the dj booth and dancing around watching the giant colorful screen in front of me. The beautiful dancers in their skimpy outfits were also fun to watch! One of my favorite things about LIV is that you cannot smoke inside. There is a designated area so don't worry about coming home with smokey hair and clothes :) This club is definitely on the classy and clean side. Enjoy!
The venue is amazing, huge, vegas style, laser show, glitzy... bla bla bla. That being said- the crowd is lame. The so-called models that go there may have been models 20 years ago and now appear in plastic surgery ads in the local newspaper. It takes forever to get a drink at the bar & you have to elbow your way through the Russian mail order brides. The dudes are either sugar daddies in their 50s or K-Fed want-to-be's. Make no mistake, it is certainly entertaining & if you're drunk enough and with the right group of people possibly even fun. Most likely won't go again unless entertaining guests from out of town.
If you're drunk when you get there, you'll have a freakin blast.  If you arrive sober, be prepared to be annoyed.... unless, of course, you enjoy standing in ridiculous lines for ridiculously long periods of time to get into a ridiculously crowded club, and buy ridiculously priced drinks... not to mention, you'll feel like you've been listening to the same song for the entire time you inhabit the club... if you know someone, or plan on spending beaucoup bucks on bottles, it'll be easy to get in... otherwise, you'll find yourself in what seems like a mosh pit of people in the lobby of the fontainebleu hotel, trying to wave down one of the bouncers to convince him you're cuter than the girls he just let in... once you've gotten inside, if you've got a table to sit at, you're set... however, if you're a good enough looking group of girls, you can probably find yourself getting handed a glass of champagne from one of the promoters tables, and probably have it spilled on you just as quickly as you got it, no thanks to all the probably drugged up idiots jumping on the dancefloor... i prefer the upstairs, there's a little nook with couches where you can usually manage to find seating... it's a beautiful place, but unless you legitimately enjoy the bougie miami crowd, you probably won't like this place much... it's prime people watching if you're a tourist; all miami's hottest mami's will be there for sure with their double d silicones pushed up to their chins, and skirts so short you can get an idea of what their grand children might look like...all giving each other dirty looks of course...it's like a stank face contest in there...hahaha... they will not allow a group to come in with birthday sahes or crowns, but they now give away neon colored sunglasses at the door... how festive.  on days where big dj's play, you might as well stay home.... if you're "lucky" enough to get in, you won't make it anywhere inside the club unless you crowd surf... just too much for me.... yet i seem to end up their every weekend... LOL OH!! I almost forgot to mention the $20 valet.... GAG
Half star actually. Very rude staff. Will never ever go back
So my friend asks if I want to check out LIV at the Fontainebleu Resort.  It's been renovated recently and I've been dying to check it out.  she promised my name + 1 would be on the guest list and all so I agreed to go....The place looks amazing!  It's beautiful, modern, luxurious, chic, very Miami Beach!  I had NO problem getting in.  All I did was mention my friend's, friend's name and my + 1 and I waltzed right in.  It hought very cool!  As I walk into LIV I take a deep breath and admire the almost empty enormous place!  It's very spacious, and we were there at midnight.  I thought ok let me get on over to the bar and get a drink, talk to my crew and see where this takes me...As I walk to the bar I see my friend with a drink in her hand, she gives me a look and tells me the drink was $23!!!  Wow!  Call me whatcha want but I REFUSE to pay that much for ONE drink!  I decided, whatever I'll shake my bootie straight, no problem.  Within the hour the place starts getting packed!  By 1:30, I started feeling like a sardine!!  there were so many people there, on a WEDNESDAY night!!!  The DJ (?) was very questionable in my opinion, first of all the music was not the best mix.  Then the DJ (?) gets on stage with 2 girls and starts waving his hands from side to side but there is no real substance or purpose to his half - ass show.  He looked like a cross between Billie Joe (from Green Day) and Boy George!!  It was almost pathetic at best!  Anyway, my take on LIV is: the place is gorgeous, lots of cute, young crowd, music could be better and drinks are too expensive.  If you don't mind paying that much for drinks then you will have a great time.  Mind you, I was there on a Wednesday night and it was packed.  I can only imagine what the weekends would be like...long wait to try and get picked outside (like cattle).  That's not for me!   I would go back if #1 my name is on the list again and#2 some drinks are included ; P........
First time at Liv last night for kaskade.    Honestly would never come again to this venue.  Had way more fun at Nikki Beach,  and kaskade's redux event.
We had one more night in Miami so we had to check out the famous Liv. As other Yelpers mentioned, it can get kind of hectic getting in. We arrived around 11 when they opened and avoided the madness. You crowd around the entry way (roped off) and one-by-one you enter and are greeted by a bouncer. He will check your ID and decided if you pay or not. I was with a group of gals so it was a bit easier to get in. We may have came on an off night, but the DJ was meh. The place was crowded with women so it wasn't very diverse and it was extremely crowded. My friends and I ended up leaving soon after.
pros: very pretty, money well spent because the club is gorgeous. sound, amazing lights on the ceiling: OMG bathrooms everywhere you can see the dj from random areas of the club cons: apparently, Miami is notorious for pickpocketers.... 5 of my friends got their phones stolen in the same night...not cool! so many guys...who just stare.....(or is it an east coast thing?....) expensive drinks, but that's all the clubs in S.beach
Well warning...IF your outfit, makeup, hair and such are not on point don't bother attempting to get in. Try to get a connect to help you get in. If you have ever been to any other 'it' south beach club than you'll understand. They pick and choose and are horrible human beings BUTT once you get past the door its good times. If you're a guy make sure you find some girls to get you in. And if you're a girl then make sure you find some rich dude with a table who will pay for bottles. I know it sounds like chaotic but it's a good time. If you are not a club person DONT go! It will make you hate all clubs for the rest of your life. But if you have been to NYC, LA, SB clubs and know the drill then def check it out because the music is fun and the atmosphere is electric!
Ah, got boring, overcrowded, not enjoyable...Doorman & Staff suck
extravagant, good lighting, ok sound system, nice lobby etc.etc. looks and feels like vegas. I would not go there if it is not because of a friend asking me to. Generally not a big fan of wasting time waiting to get into a place i don't care how many ppl want to/wish to get in but its not worth it unless you're being asked to then its not polite to say no
Went last sunday for a birthday party. The staff was very rude. Disorganized. There wasn't one clear line to get inside but just a pile of people begging on a rope to get inside. $60 ladies and $80 men on a sunday is i guess a normal rate for Miami sunday clubs. The drinks are $18 a drink and the bottle service well lets not even go there. You have to beg your way in and wait for either the rude doorman to let you in or for the group of people to go down. I will never go there. The security guard told me "im from new york, i should be used to rude". The music was great. They really just need to hire new people that are smart enough to use customer service skills. I tried to ask someone a question and they just walked away as i was speaking. Just rude! and im from New York. Will never go there.
OMG!! What an amazing and beautiful place. LIV is one of the nicest clubs in Miami. You can find a random celebrity hanging out in VIP right next to you. From the high class circus decor to the people everything was beautiful! Totally worth $$$$. Drinks where about $18 each a small bottle of water $7, Entry was insanely over priced! Only go here if your planing on spending $100 or more. Definitely a place that everyone needs to experience!
Augh, seriously?  All of that hassle at the door, just so I can hang out with a bunch of trashy B&T types inside, bouncing around to weak house music?  Please.  This place is pathetic.  Go if you're from Jersey, FLL, or live for GTL.
The best ways to get into LIV are to either have a group of primarily extremely attractive models or to buy bottle service and if you aren't willing to buy bottle service, you better know someone who has it or else you're going to be with the masses and miserable. If you can manage all that, LIV is the most exciting club in America. Yes, in terms of CLUBS, LIV really takes nightlife to the next level. There are many establishments that I've been to and enjoyed, do not get me wrong, but the energy at LIV is out of control. Everyone wants to have fun, everyone wants to F***ING PARTY! The bottles do not stop popping, people get down and dance, the energy here is undeniable. For a big club they do a great job filtering out the crowd. Often times, it's easy to fill up a smaller venue with legitimate people but LIV manages to do so in a much wider scale which is something I find to be pretty amazing. For the most part the crowd is attractive, fashionable, fun-loving and low drama. Unlike some places in Miami, they won't let girls in JUST because they are girls. The bouncers do a great job scanning and picking people for entry. I'm going to take this time to once again emphasis the importance of having a table here. The ONLY way to have a bad time here is to NOT have a table. Let that sink in. Yes, the club is extremely fun but you still NEED to be at a table. Often times, in my home base, Los Angeles, people are far more concerned with their makeup, not damaging their Louboutins and/or texting. LIV is nothing like that, people have fun, they're not scared to sweat and get a little messy, it's all good.
This review is about Dee, who in my understanding does the table/bottle service reservations for Liv, Arkadia, and apparently other clubs in Miami Beach.  I highly recommend tthat the Fontainebleau find someone else for this job.  As I'll show below with some direct quotes from Dee's text messages, Dee was rude and contemptuous. Here's what happened: over text message, I asked Dee what sort of club fifteen guys could go to for about $150 per person.  I understood that that number was too low for a club like Liv, but I thought maybe there would be some other club around that price range.  Dee said that $267/per person was the best he/she could do anywhere in South Beach, and recommended a few bars.  I thanked Dee for the information about the bars and asked whether we'd be at risk for waiting around in line all night if we didn't get bottle service.  Dee's reply: "NO ONE wants 15 guys in a club who have no or a limited budget to spare so get organized.  I gave you the tools, use them!"  I was a little piqued by that somewhat insulting line, but let it go and didn't reply because I knew that Dee was probably right.  I know we aren't NBA players. We ended up getting bottle service at the Hotel Delano's pool area and the Delano's club for $134/per person with 17 guys.  It was amazing and we had a great time.  Afterwards, I let Dee know that Dee had been wrong about $267/per person being the best price anywhere.  Here are some excerpts from the text messages that Dee sent in response: - "Delano is a hotel NOT a nightclub.  Re-read my text from the beginning.  And thanks for the startling update.  Glad you had a great time poolside this week end."  [Dee ignored the part about how we also got into the Delano's club] - "You could have bought yourself a bucket of Budweisers at a dive bar and SAVE EVEN MORE MONEY!!! Now how is that, uh?! . . . You only thing your forgot to say is THANK YOU.  Go buy yourself some manners with all the money you saved." [Dee was referring to the information Dee gave me about bars in South Beach.  I DID thank Dee for that information, before Dee sent the insulting message about no club wanting fifteen guys.] I'll let the reader judge who needs to buy some manners.
I love this club the last time I was there I was able to see Dr.Dre perform, Trey Songs, Lil Wayne and Ne-YO  all in one night for stevie J's bday bash and all of them were in VIP with us . If you are staying in the hotel it doesn"t get you in free because the club  seperate SO THEY SAY ! Drinks are high as hell but that's all miami clubs . It's fly and I love the entrance stairs  and the LIVE energy ,beautiful  people are everywhere .....The best hiphop night I think is Sunday See ya soon Miami I miss you
My friends told me about how expensive it is to go clubbing here. So be warned. Fortunately for me, I came here for a free Redbull DJ competition. I could totally see this place being a hot club. The ladies are, well, what you'd expect to see on SoBe - neckbreakers. Drinks are pricey. The ambiance inside and out is grandeur. Located in the Fontainebleau, I guess it goes with the territory. The skybox VIP area is a nice touch. You can definitely have a good time at LIV.
This is part deux of the March 11th experience at South Beach Cinema.... After what began as a normal Monday the evening progressed to involve a early movie preview of the Fast & Furious IV and meeting Vin Diesel & Michelle Rodriguez although not in that order.  They extended invites to those 21 & over in attendance and of course my bud and I headed out to the Fountainbleu Hotel.  So with such a purpose to visit you might say that my experience was a bit unusual and not the typical (hence an extra star from the 3 otherwise).  So enough about my night and onto the review. For those who wouldn't have expected it, yes this is a "hottie club" and lots of "synthetic" abounds beyond clothing and attitude but also including body parts.  Typical yes, welcome to Miami Beach.  From a completely aesthetic point of view the place oozes with sultriness and lots of purple and red just like the Vegas strip as they too want you to spend big.  If you don't have money to spend take a walk on the beach instead, because here it'll cost you just to sit.  Tables require 3 bottles (about $900) and a 3 story-high glass encased party booth with a panoramic view of the place should run you $2,500 on the weekends according to a bouncer I met.  Lots of pencil thin hostesses in black sequin gowns on the night I was there as well as lots of outta towners looking for fun.  In fact, both my bud and I got "picked up" by two of them and that just doesn't happen to locals, by locals much in Miami.
a total madhouse.  what a scene getting in.  the place was like a mob scene. like they were giving away new ipads at the apple conference or something. they opened the door at 1130pm or so and a crowd the size of a small football stadium was waiting to pounce.  crap.  so hard to get in. we managed to latch onto a small group of girls that, in turn, latched onto a larger group of girls and in total, we ended up being about 11 girls and me. so they let us in.  i bought a round for about everyone so that was 150 bucks to get in which was worth it. nice place  but hardly what i'd call the best club in the country (which is what the employees were saying it had been dubbed).  was sizable without being a ridiculous warehouse. there were a couple dancers doing a little bit of a show.  nothing to go nuts about. decent spot but we eventually had enough so we bailed. i should minus at least one star for the madness of getting in but whatever.  i'll keep it at 4 stars because i guess it's not their fault. the place is big but absolutely cannot accomodate the swarm that lines up to get in on fridays and saturday.  beware!  unless you have some hookup or a lot of girls, it might not be worth the trip out there just to experience the frustration of not getting in.  the resort itself btw, is quite impressive. the restaurant (which i should review separately was great); the lobby bar was an extremely nice bar in the middle of the grand lobby area... the whole property seemed impressive in a hawaiian resort type of way. too far from the strip for me though.  i prefer delano or the shore club. less land but walking distance to the strip is important.
Unless you're one of the beautiful people (not me), are willing to drop $1,500 on a table (not me), or know someone who has access (me!) good luck working the velvet rope at this place.  A huge throng of scantily clad ladies and the d-bags that are always sniffing around them are waiting at the entrance trying to get in with good reason.  The interior is a huge Vegas style club with a cranking scene and, you guessed it, a lot of beautiful people. It doesn't matter if you cruise the balcony area that rings the club or get down and dirty in the middle of the dance area on the lower level, unless you don't know how to enjoy yourself you're going to have a blast at this place.  One complaint - you expect to pay through the nose for drinks at this type of place, but $14 for a mini shot of Jager seems excessive.  C'mon bartender, fill up that shot glass!  Your massive jugs spilling out of that halter top that is three sizes too small aren't distracting me from the fact that I'm getting ripped off! If you can't get into LIV you can always enjoy a drink at the very cool Bleau Bar located in the hotel lobby near the entrance.   Sit back and enjoy your drink bathed in pastel lights, engage in a little people watching, and smell the desperation of the people trying to get in.
This place lost one star only because of the experience my best friend had when we got there. For some reason, the bouncers kept swatting her away or pushing her to the side. I never had that problem. We got into Miami on a Friday, first timers too. So, I got us tickets to Liv that night to Travie Mcoy. We did valet and the cars parked outside blew me away. AMAZING, for a car lover like me. When we walked into the lobby, we were impressed by how upscale it was, very Vegas-like, lobby filled with beautiful people. When we first walked in we asked the bouncer at what we figured was the VIP line and he said to go down to where everyone was waiting around. Within 5 minutes, we had been selected to go in. When we got the cashier girl and we showed her our tickets, she said "oh you're supposed to be in the line back there." I.e the line where we stopped for directions. This time the line took longer, about 10 minutes, but once we got in it was totally worth it. Amazing lighting system, confetti blast, and the glow sticks! The music was great when we got there but I think after Travie Mcoy left, it wasn't as good. Maybe they changed Djs? The bathroom is a little far, but the overall layout is nice. You can stand upstairs and people watch. I can't say I was super hot even with a packed dance floor. There was barely any room to move, but good air conditioning systems or something. Overall, we left Friday night very happy. Saturday night we went to Mansion, hated it, and left in 15 minutes. Went back to Liv, explained what happened at Mansion, and the bouncer let us in for free. By that time it was probably 1 a.m. We figured it would have been hard to get in especially with a guest dj but I guess this is where talking to the bouncer comes in handy. AWESOME! Never have I loved being a girl as much as I did when I was in Miami. We had a great night, met these interesting guys from different places, and the music was great. Mainly house but it was danceable. I'm more of a hip hop girl but if I can dance to it, it's all good. Definitely would come here again!
For $21 dollars, u can get a mojito served in a small plastic cup from the bar located in the main lobby. Then for another $40-60 you can stand in a semi-circle around the bouncers of Liv and hope that u look good enough for him to pick u to get into the club. What ever happened to standing in line and getting into a club? Not so at this place. I saw bevies of beauties that couldn't get in! So just to let you know, to get in this club, you don't form a line then pay to get inside. instead u stand around the bouncers, and it's his discretion to let u in or not. Unfortunately the easiest way to get in is to get bottle service. I refused to wait in this circle hoping the bouncer would benevolently grant me access to his club. So I savored my $21 drink and left. i will say it was fun to people watch, as there were tons of beautiful people walking around the hotel lobby. p.s. for those of you who have lived in san diego your whole life, just fyi, this club doesn't start letting people in until midnight.
Okay so here is another LIV review once again AMAZING!!!! I went when Jamie Foxx, 50 Cent, Will I Am, Flo Rida, Swizz BeatzUncle Luke and more were there during Ultra Weekend and my bday... Its me and 3 of my girls....We get in of course with a little dumb hassle from this guy but nonetheless we GET IN....Now for the people who were trying to buy tables good luck!! This place has crazy bottle service I'm talking $10K-$20K.....thats arab money right there but you can pay $100 for girls $200 for guys still pretty steep BUT its the livest dangon club you may ever witness except for maybe in Vegas!!!! I agree that this one security guard (jamaican that will remain nameless cuz i dont wanna get him fired) is a complete CRAZY aHOLE and may need to drink a beer or something to calm his ass down BUT everybody else is cool.... Arkadia Pool Party seems str8 too i kinda came towards the end tho..... oh and a shot of patron is $19 at LIV lol.... all i can say is just be prepared to blow $100-$200 here off top or maybe go to the pool party first and see what deal a security guard or host can get you ith a small bottle servicce or VIP ticket.... I had an amazing time of course but it did almost get ruined by the entrance guards,,,, TIP TO MGMT: MORE ORGANIZATION AND LESS BITCHASSNESS bc you cant let the guard be an asshole to ppl paying 20K on a table....thats a #fail
" LIV on Sundays, King of Diamond Mondays".... Hands down this club was the absolute best!!! It was a diverse crowd of hott people lol words cannot explain the level of excitement i get when thinking about this place. I see alot of reviewers complain about not getting in and the super long lines.. I think this club is affiliated with P-Diddy in some way not sure what kind of way but whatever so with that being said they cant be letting just anybody and everybody in here if you don't look the part.. I honestly feel like they are over exaggerating, i had no problem with a wait in the line.... The price to get in the club was high but everything in Miami is high!! So wth...Plus its located inside the Fountaine Blue Hotel so that alone says alot It was pricey the cost of cover was $100 for ladies and $200 for gents.. But when i say it was worth every penny!!!!!!!!!!!! It was worth every penny!!!!!!!!!!! As soon as you walk in you are swept off your feet with the banging music and the handsome fellas lol the drinks were high as a cow behind but i didn't need to pay for any drinks guys was breaking there necks to fetch them for me ;o) lol (NIIIIIIIIICCCCCCEEEEE) I do remember ordering a triple shot of patron and a goose and cranberry and the bartender told the guy who was buying the drinks $75!! yea that's steep .. I am telling you even the lobby where another bar is located was extra tight, so if you dont get in you can just chill around there and be straight OMG!!!!!!!!!!! We ended up sitting in the VIP booth with Jerome Bettis that was awesome ..Meek Mills(dude from rick ross camp) performed. Our booth was rite next to the stage... It was BANGING!!!!!!!!!! The damn DJ tore it up i think i danced all nite lol This is what you do: Wear the best outfit you own or buy a top of the line whatever. Do go early at least by 11:30 Have at least $1000 if you plan to drink and be prepared to be blown back!!! Yes Yes Yes.. I will never forget you Club Liv this will always be a beautiful memory
Worst Nightclub in the world. I have been around in Europe and never have I seen a nightclub that has refused a Bride on her wedding night nor a movie star (think Devil Wears Prada) nor a party that has just been confirmed by a nobel laureate. Liv staff also hit a member of the wedding party, and it is on video. This night club does not deserve any accolades and should instead be brought to trial for some kind of assault. It is kitschy and indeed, trashy for all of the Miami Beach nightclubs I have been to. It is no better than a trashy cruise ship and is probably the worst night life experience I have had and will ever have, especially for hitting a member of a bridal party and making a bride cry on her wedding night. Shame shame shame.
Great club but the people in their are very bougie I love to go in there for the fashion
been living in miami for a while and this was probably the one club that i had not been to and wanted to go. found a promotor that could get me and my gf in because i was sure not gonna pay the full entrance. walked in early and it was sort of empty but it was great to look around and get the feeling. the drinks were 18 dollars but the music was amazing! my feet hurt by the end of the night and my friends bought bottles (+$500 each) so i recommend coming with deep pockets and have fun!
There are four ingredients a good club must get right: atmosphere, crowd, DJ, and drinks.  I'm not sure if LIV lives up to any of them.  The atmosphere is cheesy mega-club faux-fabulous and the crowd is little better than the Vegas desperato.  To top it off, $16 well drinks in plastic dixie cups are simply insulting.
Beautiful lobby at the Fontainbleau Hotel! Although the blue and pink lights could have come off as slightly tacky, for some reason I was drawn; however now that I think of it, the lights were highlighting the bar situated within the lobby, which could have very well been the reason why my interest was piqued in the first place. Either way, sparkly chandeliers, pink and blue lights, and a glass of bubbly were a good start to our night. Now the reason why we were there.. the much hyped about, aggressively advertised, and apparently the "hot new shit" of MIA... LIV Nightclub. The line into LIV was not much of a line at all. Instead it was a mish mash of people gathered behind a red velvet rope hoping the very generous (he really was nice) and also very beefy doorman will pick you, yes you. If you cock your head, snap your fingers, and name-drop as if you know the club manager, the DJ, or someone else remotely interesting/famous/has money, don't bother. The guys and girls at the front of house don't fall for shady club tactics like that. They will, however, look you up and down, twice on over before letting you by and at this point, personal offense should not be taken because that's just the kind of club they are. Or you know, you could always RSVP. Saturday night was a mix of house, Euro trance/dance, with a pretty interesting crowd - a mix of effortlessly chic Europeans; plastic 40 year old cougars, I mean Barbies, crap! I mean women, with fake tans, fake breasts, fake personalities and sequined encrusted, why-on-Earth-would-you-wear-that-out-it's-so-tacky dresses; out-of-towners looking to dance the night away; and the trendy hipsters MIA style... and I loved it all!... even the fake girls because they were fun if not to converse with, then at least for my personal amusement and that of my party. The banquettes and plush booths were comfy as hell when your feet are in need of rest.. or if you would prefer, another drink will also suffice to take the pain away. Like many other hotel clubs in this area of SoBe, $20 cover at the door, drinks range from $16 to $25, and bottles were above average. LIV was pretty much everything I expected it to be, nothing more, nothing less.. it was just right and that, I have to say, is quite an achievement.
Did I seriously just step into a Vegas club?? This place was the place to be on Feb 20th!! With Jay-Z, Beyonce, A-Rod, and all of Miami's hot social circuit regulars in tow, how could you want to be anywhere else? Just be ready to pay the price to be among these beautiful people. We got lucky and got to the front of the line and got in after a 30 min wait. $40 cover. Table service is $2000+ min. No thanks. Drinks were $20 a pop. Ouch. Talk about crazy town. I justify the $40 cover I paid to being a foot away from the King and Queen of hip-hop. If only for a second, too.
Ok here's the deal. The fountainbleau is super over hyped and promoted. The lobby is a scene for sure, crazy amounts of people, tons of ass lingering around the lobby bar and Liv is in the center of thsi three ring circus. If you dont have a table, serious miami hook, i.e. blow the head promoteer/friend of a door guy/sleep with a miami drug lord/more than one guy with no girls your chance of getting in here is slim to none. Coming from NYC, (home of the cockbag door guys who let in people who look like they belong working iin hot topic over a guido with 4 strippers and a 20grand watch on) didnt think this place would be that out of control. The door was a sight to be seen, huge crowd of people trying to get in and name dropping. Looked like TRL in Times square when some closet case from NSYNC was performing and all the 16 year olds try to bum rush the studio. If your not a pregame in hell hole room drinking guest of this hotel than I suggest getting a drink or two at the lobby bar before heading over to LIV. We had time to kill and decided to get two Patron and Soda, price 40 plus bucks before tip.. Actually I think it was 47, they charge you 3 bucks for tax, auto gratuity is about 6 bucks and the drinks themselves are 17-20.. This is just ridiculous.. Especially with a latin Sean Penn serving drinks, this isnt worth it. DOnt get me wrong not a cheap person, but the naked bartender in one of NY's various strip clubs wont even rip you off this bad... Met tons of middle aged cougars while standing here for less than a half hour along with getting a good laugh out of some of the characters who showed up here. So our friend finally shows up and we do cut right past the mob scene and manage to get in..Get this, most people were paying 100-130 each to get in this club. Guy or girl it didnt matter. For a Saturday night in August, on what should be one of the slower nights here charging that much for admission is like paying 50 grand for a Kia... Gimme a break... The club itself is beautiful and designed just right. With LED lights on the ceiling, two levels, multiple bars and the hottest staff in Miami this place is designed as most clubs should be. Must say it was easy to walk around here half drunk and with a Superman high. This is a rarity in almost any nightclub in the country. Got about 6 different numbers, met a some very cool people and the crowd all seemed to get along and to be having a great time. Only downsides were the drinks inside, my buddy bought three patron drinks and told me the bill was about 100... Cmon unless your giving me some roofies or drugs along with the drink no bar tab should be this much.. The music was also terrific. House music on Saturdays, hiphop on friday & sunday... The system here is top notch, very clear and no matter where I was in the club it was good to always be able to hear what the DJ was spinning..Came in handy when some dirty animal was asking me some nonsense and I could immediately pretend to recognize the song and avoid having to pretend I was still interested in hearing about her job as a teacher .A hot blond DJ even got on the system and spun for a little bit. Not sure who this chick was but she was super hot and actually knew what she was doing. The bouncers here were all friendly and the bottle waitresses were very nice and over the top hot.. Dance floor is nicely laid out and all the talent in this place seemed to congregate around and on it like a bunch of Christians praying over a leper. Ended up leaving this place around 330am, was able to get a cab right out front and get back to my hotel within five minutes.. Fountainbleau maybe out of the way for most who stay down in Sobe but it is well worth the trip. Love the crowd here on Saturdays and glad it wasn't like Mansion, full of mandingo's in there chevys and the brooke hogan animalesq followers.
Liv is a overly pretentious club that caters to poseurs, ultra rich, and hangers on wannabes. This place is so adamant that the male to female ratio be in "liv compliance" that they regularly sell online tickets at 25 - 40% MORE for guys. Liv is NOT about the music. It IS about making a lot of shallow people feel important and of course, Liv raping you for every fucking dollar they can. $14 beers? $20 "drinks"? If you absolutely have to "be seen" and want to lighten your wallet/pocket book of serious cash, it's all yours.
I want to give this five stars for the decore alone. The build out is absolutely stunning. Aesthetics aside however, the line kills me every time.  LIV is worth the wait but, I don't like throwing elbows and stabbing people with my stilettos to get in any club.  LIV included.  Truly though, you probably won't find a more awe-inspiring night club in the area.  And yes, I just used the words "awe-inspiring" to describe a night club.  Go see for yourself.  But don't forget to dress to impress and bring your credit card.
Oh Miami how I love you.  How you changed my life, my world, everything I have ever thought about clubbing on this side of the Atlantic-well North America.  Can you tell I loved Miami? It is really like leaving the States and going to a different country for a weekend.  This is a compliment.  Its filled with tanned gorgeous people, beautiful beaches, and the hotels-Fontainebleu with Liv.   Thanks to Nelly's Miami hook up we didnt have to wait long before we were ushered into what was one of the most lavish night clubs I have seen.  After whetting our appetites at the bar (for dancing that is) we joined many of the scantily clad ladies on the floor to shake some of our New York lifestyle acquired tension away.  Between the champagne from the gentlemen at the table next to us and Jamie Foxx spinning records half the night, 4 am approached fast.   This club is beyond phenomenal.  Really.  I cannot wait to go back!
Ump-sss, Ump-sss, Ump-sss!  If you're into the club scene, this place is perfect for you. Like Cinderella's ugly sister the stilletos did not fit my fat foot. The drinks were ridiculously expensive. The music was unbelievably loud. The patrons were amazing though, best people watching in Miami.  There were plenty of young professional men in button downs, and young hoochies as well. I felt like I was magically transported to Vegas baby! Vegas! There were horns, lots of techno, and a confetti shooting machine, all on a Thursday night.  I earned some cool points from my 22 year old brother for getting into the club. Apparently its tough to get into, unless you know someone.
My iPhone was stolen. My friend's iPhone was stolen. As I reported the incident, 2 more girls (not in my party) reported missing (stolen) iPhones. If you go, keep your phone CLOSE to your body.
The people at the door are so rude here. I don't know who they think they are. Okay, so pretty much this club is one of those places where you need to know someone to get in or get bottle service or have that certain look they like.I saw a lot of blonde people get in. There is no line in front of the club, there is a BIG CROWD of people waiting to get picked to go inside. Now i know you're probably thinking, oh you must be ulgy if you didnt get it, but that is not the case at all. My friends and I including many other people from the croud did not get in as well and they were good looking people. The bouncers are rude because they know they people will still wait around because thats how bad they want to get in. My suggestion would be to know someone or get bottle service. You could try to stand in line and wait to get in because apparently some people do get in, but just know you might end up wasting your time.
A great club. Tables are great but nit cheap, and some nights ridiculous for anywhere. Getting in is always a task. Money talks better than words. Beautiful venue. Great service. If you are a guy bring alot of beautiful elegant women. Once your in, had a great time.
All I can say is for the Beautiful Ones, we had to try it once and spent over $400 doin so.  Won't be doin it again 4sho!
I went to LIV last Friday and thought it was nice but not deserving of the hype.  I guess compared to everything else in Miami LIV is a lot nicer, but it seemed more like we were in Vegas than in Miami.  Even though it was the weekend of Art Basil, I didn't see anyone remotely related to the art industry there.  It was more of just a standard club with great music and incredibly expensive drinks (i.e., $20 shots).
I've partied all over the world and back and this is definitely one of the hottest/most fabulous place I've been to. Definitely recommend checking this place out just to say you've been, or make it your regular weekend party spot!!
Came here for a bachelorette party, and our promo guy helped 10 of us get in without much hassle.  Helps if you know someone who can get you in quickly, otherwise you'll be standing around waiting for who knows how long?! However, there's a nice lounge/bar in the lobby to drink while you wait. Cover charge was $20 per female, and the drinks were pricey ($22+ for a Johnny walker w coke)  The DJ was awesome, played an interesting mix of house, hip hop, top 40 so everyone was happy. VIP was supposedly 6k that night and bouncers wouldn't let our bachelorette dance on top of the empty tables.  Surprisingly, there were not many COGs to be seen (creepy old guys), and everyone seemed to be on their best behavior on the dance floor.  Occasional bumps and spills but nothing horrendous. Relatively "classy" club compared to others in SoBe, def check it out if you've never been!
I went twice last weekend. If your a guy over 35 forget getting in unless your with a group of women. Then as a male ,you have to grease the rope man and pay a ridiculous 80 dollar cover charge. Then if your lucky you get to enter the too loud , overrated club itself! It gets better as the thug like staff does their best to break up your group by pulling a rope in front of you as you walk up the stairs with your group. Not the women but the guys. Really!! It costs a fortune to get in and you had better be handcuffed to your female friends or look like Justin Bieber or your cordoned off from them. This happened to me twice with two groups of women! When I protested I was pushed away. Stay away its a pit full of secret service wanna be's that have their fun harassing the men and handpicking the women .Awefull experience in an otherwise nice Hotel stay. No way to treat hotel guests of either gender! I will never return to the hotel nor will my friends until this pit is gone!
Let me preface this by saying I have been a part of nightlife culture for a long, long time. From Roseland, Studio 54, Heartthrob's back in the late 80's to promoting for Limelight in early 90's, Palladium, etc. So, I'm pretty well-versed in nightclubs. I will say this about LIV - (pronounced L i v - NOT LIVE!) it's a hot looking spot. I spent a night at the Fontainebleau as a reward for a recent divorce, ROOM 1018 - pretty damn ironic - spent many drunk nights at 1018 when it was jammin, probably one reason why Im' divorced now anyway... Enough personal strife - the club opens at 10 - we're 4 dudes - 3 of my boys who live in Miami and me, the one guy who has ZERO patience for bullshit door drama! Big UP to Nancy from Conway Trucking! A bunch of visitors from the mid-west - all at least 45+ trying to get in. Spunky little 4'5" lady ripped in to the wack bouncer that Courtney C referred to as "Mr. Pretentious 2009". Didn't matter if you had a table, didn't matter if you were a guest paying several hundred a night - they didn't care. Had to hand pick and it wasn't even a cool hand-picking. So my two boys get in with these two gorgeous women and me and dude 4 are waiting. Several instant messages later, Mr. Gambino walks over to us and unhooks the rope and tells us how sorry he is for making us wait! WTF?? Gives us about 4 passes each and says Mr. Jordan is expecting you? AGAIN WTF?? -Turns out my boys from Miami did some quick networking and found out from some gorgeous promoter chick there that Mr. 23 - MJ himself had a table and anyone that mentioned Jordan's table was in no questions asked. Cool. Bottle of Patron = $1100 Magnum of GG = 950 Honestly, it was the worst thing I've ever seen in terms of raping for a bottle. But even crazier was the fact that every single table and cabana was taken!! And not with one little bottle, each table had about 4 - 5 bottles. So point being, if you're not willing to drop at least 2 Gs, stay near the bar and look lost like every other person with COMMON SENSE!! I would definitely not return. LASTLY - K. Kardash showed up - why was she ORANGE? Girl looked like a tangerine! Not her clothes, her skin! Bad spray on tan. Her Mom is much hotter - she walked in and is beyond a MILF!! Nick Lachey is cool as hell - has no style, but is one cool ass dude! Cheers Nick ROC!! HAHA
I love the music, the atmosphere, people are in a good mood here and having a great time. We never bought tickets or something, and even on saturdays we didnt wait long to enter (10-15minutes). We were mostly 3-4 girls and 1-2 boys. We never paid a fortune to enter, girls were always free so thats all perfectly fine. The bouncers and all the stuff were always smiling to us and absolutely nice to get along or even chat with. I dont really get why so much people complain about this, be friendly and respectful with them and so they will be. Only thing that really bothers me here is that my phone got stolen and so got others phones and they couldnt do anything. Actually, they tried but this happens here more than once every night. So be very careful, let your phone in the car or at home. its not save even in your pocket!
This club beats the Mansion in Miami hands down! It is located on the right side as you enter the Fountaine Bleu hotel. I went with my sister to attend Danny Wood's 40th birthday which we paid $40 because it was a special event for "New Kids on the Block," but well worth the money. The night club has a larger than life feel, mainly in part to the two-story setup that has tables on the bottom and top floor, but doesn't overpower the main dancing area. There were 3 bars: 2 on the bottom floor and one on the top and get this...there were plenty of bathrooms! Most clubs have one bathroom area, but this club was clever enough to spread them out on both floors which eliminates long lines:) The music was awesome and the lighting was fantabulous, especially on the ceiling! If you are in Miami, LIV it up!
wow......this place is so weird! 70's architecture meets a Venice Beach (CA) crowd of wanna be's and has been's with obnoxious service. Expect at least a $30 cover and it shuts down early......expect to see former Lakers on the right nights. I don't know who this place caters to, but probably would not go back. The Delanor is so much better!
I love the Fountainbleau Hotel...its a very classy, upscale place...and that trend continues when you enter Liv. The decor and atmosphere is pretty nice, and the people that go there are certainly beautiful. The only problem with it being very upscale and full of beautiful people, means that the prices that you pay for drinks are ASTRONOMICAL and generally the people are pretty stuck up. I have a hard time dealing with that. It's not that I'm cheap..because I have no problem buying bottles and having good times with friends...but the prices at Liv are ridiculous, even by Miami standards. You should probably take out a second mortgage on your house if you plan on spending an evening at Liv.
All my girlfriends and I were staying at the Fountain Blue and LIV is located in the Lobby... We were quite fortunate to be with promoter, so that big line out front was no worry... The place is gorg, has a very Vegas feel to it. It's very large, and I felt like I could walk around forever checking things out.  I had the time of my life, danced and drank the night away. I prefer LIV over Mansion hands down... The next morning, the videos from LIV that we took were crazy everyone dancing and having a great time..
I can be hard to get into but this club is always great. Some might complain about the long lines, over priced bottles, charge to get it, but hey is Miami if you dont like it go somewhere else. Beautiful club though and like I said, always alot of fun. Saturdays are ok but Sunday's are def my favorite.
WOW  Miami. Hands down my favorite club. I can't get over how much fun I had in this town. I took a cab here and walked in all by myself and was instantly swooped up by some regulars and ushered in along side them. How much does it cost to get in? not sure. The sound system is incredible, the DJ was in a very conspicuous spot and I was able to snap a good pic of him as we walked back to our table from the dance floor. Our waitresses were at our table all night pouring our drinks and refreshing our stock. Get a table and bottle service and look good, or you're not getting in. It's not like Hollywood or Vegas where you stand in line and bat your eyes at douchebag promoters while the local porn stars slip past you. Its almost like they hand pick people at random, well, pretty people, and let in those who paid the right price. LOVED it.
LIV: woah! I always leave this place with a smile on my face, usually when they are turning on the lights and forcing me to go walk around the pools to see what other trouble i can get into. It also leaves me with a hole in my wallet. is that the correct term? it's CO$TLY. But i have had amazing times there.. the best Djs on the beach in my opinion. every song is a energizing shitshow. It is always packed on the weekends and Wednesdays are great. if you are not a supermodel looking woman, or a guy who knows whos who.. you may have to wait a while to get inside the place. and pay $20-$30 to get in. But waiting inside the lobby of the fontainebleau is not too bad with all of Miami's most gorgeous women walking around. of course it is the beach so be prepared to spend $$ on drinks and even water... bottle service is the way to go but you are going to dropp some do'! This place something you need to check out.. before it is NOT the cool place to be anymore. or they realize how much in debt they are from the remodeling and close the doors.. sucks doesn't it.
I must say this place had a lot of ups and downs... Like most clubs, the bouncers suck, but the atmosphere itself is a good vibe with great music and the drinks pricey like all clubs in Sobe. I read about this club on partylifemiami.com and it made me wanna go check it out. Mind you the day I went was on a Friday.
If you ever want to be treated like a heard of cattle. Head on over to Liv. I have never in my entire have felt so disgustingly humiliated and at the same time treated like a piece of dirt and slime and filth as i felt trying to get into this CLUB. Never mind willing to spend over one thousand dollars and looking very REGAL ELAGANT AND CLASSY. This club needs a lesson on how to treat people as human beings and not as a heard of cattles. Their security staff need to go to etiquette school. What goes around comes around. I can spend my money very happily at other venues as I did at SET NIGHTCLUB. Treated like a Princess and asked to come back again. Hope your club goes BELLY UP. AND NEVER EVER THRIVE, LEARN SOME DECENT MANNERS.
High ceiling so you won't feel claustrophobic ...bars on both sides...there's tables on the dancefloor as well as private tables upstairs. They have people everywhere to block off people from crashing tables...We were let into the VIP area and they let you get super close to the DJ. definitely a place you have to check out if you go clubbing in sobe. I agree with the reviewer before me...it's along the lines of Marquee/XS...but in Miami.
This place gets overly packed! And might be difficult to get in without a table reservation which ranges from the thousands and up! Tho not impossible. You cab find lots of different people that ranges from the 20's to their 60's...
Unless you really enjoy being crushed in a line (which isn't even a line, more like a massive crowd of mostly underage girls and d-bag guys pushing and shoving trying to get into the club), stay home, get a case of beer (or make a vat of jagerbombs as that is more on par with the crowd @ LIV), and save yourself $1500. The bouncers only add to the problem as they just push everyone back towards the door as the people in back push forward.
I think this was the best club I went in Miami...beautiful people, great service and promoters,it's the Miami version of XS in Vegas. Guys I'm pretty much sure it's almost impossible to get in without getting bottle service but that's everywhere in Miami... I saw a lot of girls waiting in line, so girls you should either come very early or look hot.
Just gorgeous club and great DJs. A younger crowd, but still decent. The club is beyond open and large, but if you do not have a table forget having somewhere to go!
Months ago, I was down in Miami with friends from Atlanta, and we happened to be staying at the Fontainebleau for the week. The Bleau Bar and LIV are on par with everything else in the hotel --- chic and beautiful. Before entering the club, we were hanging out at the Bleau Bar with everyone else. As people have already stated --- the Bleau Bar is amazing in terms of appearance. Even if you don't go to LIV -- stop by the bar on a Friday or Saturday night and you'll see. I did spot some random men that looked like they needed to be with their grandkids or playing bingo in a nursing home --- but it's Miami, FL, so I always expect to see anything and everything. It's all part of the experience known as South Florida -- which I love by the way. Handful of much older men aside --- LIV definitely had a "grown and sexy" sort of vibe which was refreshing since I am 30. Honestly, I don't think I have ever seen so many gorgeous women and men under one roof at the same time --- good stuff!!! The majority of women were wearing stylish dresses and heels. Guys were dressed in a comparable manner with nice slacks or jeans, shirts and many were wearing jackets. I was one of the obnoxious tourists who was waaaaay underdressed to say the least. In fact, I had on jeans, stilettos and a white ribbed tank. After being in the sun all day -- I was feeling lazy and just not in the mood to go out clubbing. I was definitely not in the mood to dress up just to go downstairs to check out the club in the hotel where I was staying. After relaxing in the bar area with my friends for a bit, I saw a super long line beginning to form in the lobby --- people wanting to get into LIV. I really don't go out clubbing a lot (in any city), so I was a bit surprised by how seriously DEEP this line was that night. Luckily, one person in our party had gotten a table and bottles for the evening, so we were literally the first patrons to enter. I will say --- LIV is enormous. Although I loved the music -- I did not dance much. I sat at our table, chatted with friends, people watched and enjoyed my drinks. If you're a fan of tricked out lighting and go-go dancers, LIV is one place in Miami you should definitely experience at least once. Just try to go with someone who pays for VIP, and you will avoid the cover and the cost of drinks. Doing so will also allow you to experience the best the venue has to offer in terms of service.
Ah LIV.  After having heard so many stories, my expectations were high for this place.  Although beautiful, I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would.  It's only spacious if you're in VIP and lets face it, not everyone can afford an $800 bottle.  Maybe I'm too much of an Opium Group kind of girl, but if I ever visit LIV again it'll probably have to be a very special event.
Definitely LIV up to Las Vegas standards. This club has a great layout with many tables. Dance floor is small but keeps it intimate. Lots of eye candy here... Went here to see Sander Van Doorn. Lucky we bought tickets in advance else it would have been $80 for Guys and $60 for Ladies. Drink are pricey but again you're in Miami Beach. Sound System is great. If in Miami again, we will definitely come to LIV and stay at Fountainblue Hotel.
Hi Yelpers, While this is still fresh in my mind, I wanted to let you all know if all the hype to this club is really worth your time. My boyfriend and I, decided in a few days that we wanted to go to Miami, FL for the weekend...We had done some research via Yelp and narrowed it down to LIV for several reasons. First, it intrigued me, what I read online.  It seemed like it was going to be a nice place to hang out and I wanted to be mingling with all the hot tamales of Florida's elite.  I didn't want to go anywhere ghetto and since its been such a long time that my boyfriend and I partied hard, I wanted to make sure we go somewhere that will leave a lasting impression. We got there before midnight hoping that we wouldn't have to wait in line too long. To my surprise, it was like a madhouse in the hotel.  People who were waiting, were trying hard to sneak in or pay off the bouncer to get in. Even if you paid for a table with your friends, it doesn't mean you'll be able to get in the club. So many girls who arrived together got split apart because the less attractive friends were left behind while the rest of their attractive friends, got picked to go in the club. So may catfights because of this.  Also, the bouncers were jerks! They all  had a superior complex and loved it when they were surrounded by girls who were stroking their ego.. They were constantly kicking guys out of the lines, if those guys didn't bow down to them or if they didn't arrive with a high ratio of women in their group. For those who know my boyfriend and I, we HATE lines!!! We understood what we were getting ourselves into because we knew the lines were going to be crazy but I didn't know it was going to be more crazier than what we experience in LA clubs.  We tried hustling anyone who would take our money to add us to their group. Observing we notice, a huge group who get all their money together to give the bouncer seemed to have a better chance to getting in. When that plan didn't pan out, I found some girls who were trying to get in their friends party who had table service but kept getting reject by the bouncers.  My boyfriend was willing to bribe the bouncers if us girls and him (the only guy) get in to the cub. Unfortunately it didn't convince those jerks to let us in...Gosh, I was starting to get self conscious because me and the other girls were HOT but not slutty hot like the other girls that seem to get in with no problems.  How I wished I listened to the other yelpers and wore a more busty top to show off my assets! Unfortunately I realize that the bouncers were trying to limit the amount of guy in the club.  I felt bad because after an hour trying to hustle to get in, I was getting tired and my excitement level was starting to fade.  I really wanted this night to happen because me and my man needed to feel young again...We eventually were able to get in when we went outside to the side door of the hotel that is also an exit for the club. Some obnoxious guys were giving the bouncer a hard time so all the bouncers took this drunk guy escorted him out the same door. While they were busy with this guy, me and my boyfriend squeezed threw the door before it shut and ran into the line. We proceeded to talk to those who were in line to pay for the entrance fee so it would appear that we knew these people.  Finally, we got to the girl in the front and she said $160 for two.. SHIT!!! No one told me that it was going to be an arm and leg to get in this club. After all the shit we had to deal with to get to this point, my boyfriend didn't hesitate to pay but me in the other hand was shocked that they charged my boyfriend $100 for his ticket and for mine was $60.  Whatever....I decided to focus on having fun. Inside it was crazy! It was beautiful inside.  They have a main dance floor and the second floor has balconies for those who paid table service.  Alot of beautiful girls with their old looking boyfriends dancing...So many people inside appear to be on some kind of stimulant.  They played house music which is not my type of music but still made me  dance.  They had a special guest DJ there so everyone was going wild there.  We partied till 4am in the morning. We would of stayed but we were exhausted. Even though we left soooo many people were still there.  If i was on what they were on, I too would have the energy to party to the end. To summarize, If you want to go somewhere with just you and your man, DON'T GO HERE! You'll waste your time in line unless you have a hook up there. It's an expensive club but if you like House it's worth it.
Whenever I think about going with my friends to some hip club (you can tell by how I used "hip" that I'm actually very uncool), I always think it sounds like the most fun ever. I think it will feel amazing to get whisked past a line to a table with bottles waiting, where I'll dance with beautiful people until I'm sweaty and sore and crazy ass drunk and then I will stumble barefoot home. And then I get there. And I remember how soul-sucking places like this are. I DID get whisked past the line and to a table with bottles waiting, but it was too damn crowded to dance. I couldn't see my friends, I couldn't hear my friends, and the music and lights pounded and flashed in a way that made me sleepy rather than hyping me up. I felt like I was being hypnotized. I felt like I was being watched and judged in the worst kind of way, despite the fact that I'm sure no one could actually even see me. I realize this is all making me sound very old. Maybe it's not Liv's fault, it's mine. But ugh. I just feel like if you're going to pretend to be so "exclusive," please exercise a bit of exclusivity and keep the numbers down a bit so we can actually enjoy ourselves! Pro: Those hot costumed gogo dancers. Love that. Con: The rest of it.
There are better clubs for less $. Don't be fooled.
Hottest dance club in Miami? Maybe, from the lines and how damn jam packed it was in there. Very Vegas-esque with how huge it is and the overall feel of the place. The security guards were really annoying though--- they kept on telling our group to keep it moving--- so it's like where should you dance then in a club? Lingering on the steps longer than the security likes also gets you a word of caution. Also, this place is so damn huge that it's easy to lose your friends. Or maybe I shouldn't drink so much next time. HAH. I guess this is the place to go though if you want to feel like you're seeing the "Miami scene." Most of the locals I talked to told me though only the tourists go to Liv, because there's no way that they would be $20 for the drinks or wait in the lines or pay the crazy cover they usually charge guys. SO this is the place to go to see other tourists. WHOO! Well, I would rather see what Mansion, STORY or Hyde Beach is like before coming back here.
(Saturday night) I had a great time because of the company I was with. But this place OMG super packed and way overpriced it was $60 plus $5 ticket processing fee (online) per person and 3 mixed drinks that were blah totaled $54 we totally get it its SOBE but I at least expect a hand crafted drink for $18. The drinks were 12 oz and the whole 12 oz cup was filled with ice so what was actually alcohol? like 2 oz? the rest flavoring and ice? I know you're on vacation you want to have fun but drink somewhere else before you get there. One more thing, you know if you buy your tickets online you don't have to wait in line that huge crowd that you see there those are people who don't have tickets and want to get in for free go around and look for the person scanning tickets there is like zero line for that but if you want to get in free there is a line of like 200 ppl. Good Times.
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know: 1. Music, DJ here are all top notch. Definitely an over the top club here in Miami. From the cars outside to the women inside, very showey. 2. Cover here is insane, male and female, I once paid $70 just to see what the fuss is about. 3. Restrooms here are very clean, give that janitor a raise! 4. Drinks are pricey is heck, around $15-$18 for a small drink, definitely pre-game before coming here. 5. Don't use your credit card here, I've had my identity stolen on two separate occasions here, they only two times I've been there.
Scratch that - it's been 5 full days and that glowstick is not turning off anytime soon. I had to stuff it deep within the confines of my closet so I would stop having seizures while I slept. *untz untz untz*
Almost guaranteed to have your phone stolen. 5 of us had ours stolen in the club even though there was a crowd of 30 of us. Don't go to this club. Bouncers were unhelpful
REALLY REALLY great visually but other than that, it's a typical Miami club. I think the big deal is really in the name. We went because we got in touch with a promoter who was able to get us free entry. If your group is not all attractive females, I wouldn't bank on this... or plan to show up super early to try your luck. The drinks are crazy pricey, even for Miami. We got two patron and limes and our bill was a little over $50. Great atmosphere for dancing and EDM. In 2011 we went during a hip hop night and didnt even bother getting in.. the line was crazy with an $80 cover..that was if you even fit the 'look' they were going for. Fun to experience once or even for events...but other than that, you can find better times elsewhere :)
Ladies, beware of pick pockets and DO NOT WEAR A CROSSBRODY PURSE!!!  Went with a group of 16 girls. 3 girls (the only three wearing crossbody purses) ALL had their phones, money and IDs stolen straight from their purses.  As for the club, if you like house music, go here Saturday.  I wished they played hip hop.
LIV nightclub is a joke.  They charge $80 a head if you don't have a hookup.  I had a hookup and a large crew which consisted of mostly hot girls.  Once we got inside at around midnight, LIV contained...my group only.  Outside, there was a large line of fat pigs and loser bouncers making racist and anti-semetic comments to people in line.  Do NOT go to LIV.  Its a ripoff, the staff was poorly vetted, and they treat customers very poorly. You can only get away with that when your club is actually legit.  LIV is garbage...and despite the Fontainbleu's ownership and affiliation, the employees coincidentally treat jews and asians poorly.
This place is very nice. Right from when you go in you can approach the rail where you see downstairs to the dance floor. The atmosphere is definitely upbeat and the night I went the music was very good. They were playing techno/electro music which I love. The only thing is that you can't really sit anywhere unless you get bottle service which how it is in most places.
Great music, and nice doormen. I didn't feel gross inside, and liked the vibe going on it was friendly. I don't know if everyone was a guido, but we all looked like ones in here.
LIV is like a cultural experience.  I didn't really have fun at all here, but seeing the spectacle was interesting, in the same way that going to a modern art exhibition is interesting.  You feel me?  But at a modern art exhibition, you wouldn't have to pay $8 for water. It's kind of a shitshow to get in, with people milling around a massive hotel lobby and vying for the bouncer's attention.  Best if you are on a list or know somebody. Despite the task that it is to get in, people don't seem happy at all once they're inside.  (Maybe they also just paid a million dollars for water?)  Nobody smiles, everyone just gazes around with blank stares.  It's a pretty bizarre environment and the music is a mind-numbing loop of electronica beats, so nobody really dances either.  It is packed enough that my friend got her phone stolen on the "dance floor," though, so be careful. At around 1AM, these beautiful dancers in immaculate costumes appeared and a haze of Liv-imprinted confetti fell from the ceiling, so that was pretty rad, but I'd rather go somewhere  less pretentious with happy, dancing people.
I have a love hate relationship with the Liv. On the one hand it's one of those clubs that captures the essence of Hollywood's portrait of Miami clubs: beautiful decor, beautiful people, and sweet shows. And on the other hand, woe to you if you're not female, good looking, and or rich, good luck getting in on a busy night. Drinks will set you back...a lot, prepare to spend the night sober or poor if you haven't pre-gamed. I haven't necessarily had a bad experience per say, but it's definitely the kind of place I would save for a special occasion.
Taking it all in: Lot going on here! This is my 2nd time visiting and on Sunday night the lobby is packed.We enter to find a line swirling through Fontainebleau Hotel. The cost was $60 for women and $90 for guys. So the bouncer comes to the line and starts sifting through the crowd hand picking women to come in. Then I hear one girl lean in to her friend  and my friend saying that in order to get picked you have to be spanish or white? So I guess the guy who was with them saw the confusion on my face, and agreed, he said the only way a dark brown girl would get selected is if she was wearing something tight and bright. And pointed across the room as an example; a woman wearing a barbie doll pink colored dress standing in line. My first thought was why even come to this place if your going to be treated like a 2nd class citizen? So no less than 5 minutes later my friend and I get selected to enter LIV. We're not sure why? Neither of us are white or spanish, matter of fact my girlfriend  is dark brown and was wearing tan and grey and neither of our dresses were tight or bright? well kinda tight, but not bright. Ha whatever... We look back in line and it appears to me that there were a whole row of pouty-lipped spanish and white girls still waiting to be selected after us. Oh well.....guess that theory is out the window. The music here is GREAT! But this place has nothing on the days of old at the Forge. Now that used to be my spot! Mega clubs....so many people yet so little to say. So you just WATCH. Women standing on top of the VIP section dancing having fun. But then the hired help comes in! An army of spray tanned cheerleader types in thongs clear the platform and take over for the night. I'm thinking it's about to get serious up in here! So I go to the bar and get a long island and a shot of Petron, cost me oh $40 bucks.... I come back to my spot only to hear DJ Stevie J (not to be confused with Love & Hip Hop ATL Stevie J) announce that Floyd Mayweather is at LIV. Well! Confetti started falling from the ceiling, sirens were sounding off as THE BLACK BABY JESUS HIMSELF and The Money Team descended from the staircase. People were cheering, especially the women--they were going off, average every day dudes had their lips turned up some kinda way. HA! Then even MORE of those little tanned cheerleader girls came marching out, had to be over 20 of em',  but this time they came bearing gifts; rows of lit champagne bottles. They circled around Mayweather and his clique...everybody is cheering. And the celebratory music pops off. ALL HAIL THE KING! Do you hate this sh*t? Do you love this sh*t? Do you wish this was your life? I had fun. A different slice of reality every once in a while makes mine taste a little sweeter once I get back home.
Exclusive and awesome. Best night in town ever, by farrr
I like Vegas better. I visited Florida/Miami for the first time earlier this year in March (three weeks before Ultra = bad timing). Quintino was the best DJ in town that night. He was actually 'giving away free tickets/guestlist passes' via Twitter and he direct messaged me, telling me that I 'won.' So my sister and I arrived to Fontainebleau and saw a huge, unorganized crowd of people surrounding the entrance, all trying to get in.. there was no line. I pushed to the front and told one of the bouncers that Quintino, the DJ, put us on the guestlist. He smirked. Well, you can't just turn down two females in a sea of boys. Of course, he let us in. The venue was pretty spacious but the crowd seemed to be paying more attention to their phones and standing around more than dancing. If I remember correctly, a patron margarita is $15. We saw our friend AP9 of Mob Figaz there. There was a thirsty cougar who wouldn't stop trying to talk to him. It was quite amusing. We left early like 1am...and I heard the next day that Trey Songz made a surprise appearance after we had left. So don't leave too early. Anyway, like I said... I like Vegas a lot better.
saw tiesto there during MMW. WOW is all i can truly say, as im clearly speechless as to the amazing-ness of this space. a vod/club is $18. only ticket holders were allowed in, so i kindaaa felt bad for the throngs of well dressed ladies and gents scrambling to the front (no, i really didnt). 4 stars because i just dont understand how anyone in miami handles the amount of smoke in these places!
Liv is a very intriguing club because it looks absolutely insane the decor is sick and the lights and sound system are crazy, which are all very attractive, but none of this matters if the vibe inside is weird and none of the people are dancing... I came here my first night of spring break during WMC because I had seen pictures and a local promoter recommended it. My friends and I walked in to great music blaring and a great light show but quickly got turned off by ordering a $20 draft heineken that came not poured correctly in a plastic cup? Later on I ordered 4 pistachio shots..when the bartender said $84 my mouth dropped. Went down to the main floor to find people giving you dirty looks for trying to have a good time dancing...I don't know what the deal is there but in New York we DANCE in clubs. So strange. Come to Liv if you don't like dancing and like to spend stupid amounts of $$
Its OK. that is what I thought about all the clubs in Miami.. mainly because I HATE HOUSE MUSIC!!! I dont get it.. why would people like house over hip hop?? soyou can dance up and down and do fist pumps?? ew. Truthfully we were kinda intimated to go here cuz we heard all this chatter about how the bouncer will pick and choose, and may even split up girl groups and even girls have to pay blah blah blah.. uh we got in within like a sec of getting there and didn't have to pay. I dont know why people make such a big deal on yelp.. I didn't think it was any different getting into any other popular club. I prefer clubs to be abit exclusive.. dont want any rift raft floating in.. Obviously if youre ugly its gonna be harder and if you havea lot of guys its gonna be harder but we had 8 girls 7/8 which were attractive...lol im so mean. anyway there was another group of girls who were waiting to get in next to us so I felt alittle bad when we got in before them when they had been waiting 30 min..but such is the way of superficial clubs. in any case, not everyone that got in was good looking either.. I saw some old people, some fat people.. so I think everyone eventually gets in? My pt being this place is NOT hard to get into. in LA/Vegas I think its much more difficult so don't worry about it too much.. Yes drinks are pricy! yikes. I dont get why. .honestly Miami is one of those places I was happy to visit but I wont be back.. there was nothing special about this place or the people to charge those ridiculous prices. Moral of this review: I just dont get it.
The Rat Pack used to perform here...Frank Sinatra?! I think that's history enough for you to want to check out this club. Of course, it has since been revamped and updated with all of the lights, glam and glitter of the new age but just being able to say that you've experienced a part of history is part amazing, part amusing. So it's true. You are somewhat selected for entry. Unless you've secured tickets or a table beforehand, you're stuck standing in line. Luckily when we went, there wasn't much of a line. We didn't have to wait in it actually. Different days feature different DJs and genre of music. The night we went Hip hop and house played all night you can hear it walking in and feel it in your bones you can't help but dance. Drinks are a bit on the pricier end, but what do you expect from South Beach. We stayed in the Fontainebleau Hotel where LIV is located so it was convenient just walking down from our room when we were ready to get our groove on. Would definitely party here again. Bouncers are friendly and take care to make sure the ladies in our group were watched over and taken care of. At one point of the night we were given a seating area on the dance floor where we could rest our puppies at. Now, that's sweet service.
most recently went here on a wednesday night with a few girlfriends. got in for free, which was nice, considering i heard people being quoted $30 and $40 per head. things weren't TOO packed inside, which was fine. DJ gave us a nice mix of top 40 and hip hop at the beginning of the night, then transitioned to house - which I loved. drinks are pricey (think $15-$20 each), but you've gotta expect that here. we joined a VIP table (which, if you're a girl, will be fairly easy to do here) and drank for free for the rest of the night. sundays are usually reserved for hip hop - which attracts a different crowd, but still fun nonetheless. pro-tip - if you arrive after midnight, there's generally just a mob of people waiting to get "chose" by the bouncer. promoters and hotel staff can sometimes hook you up if you find the right people.
If I'd gotten in to the club I'm not sure what my review would have been like but I have to say I will never be coming back. It was a very unfortunate situation where a group of us were foolish enough to fall for the hype and go there for a friend's bachelorette party. Granted we hadn't bought tickets but the club was empty as I believe it always is. And we were one of the first groups in line. I think our hair was too dark and our skin too brown for us to be let in :) it's funny that we stayed as long as we did because we all found it slightly insulting that the bouncers etc wouldn't even look at us so that we could seek their approval in order to pay a huge (and widely varying) entrance fee to them. Hilarious. Honestly - not worth it and nearly almost ruined our evening. Thank god for the HMAC limo service owner (Harry) who took us elsewhere and saved the night. Never again. I will not 'liv' down the insult :).
Went for a corporate event.  Time of my life.
