Wow! What a fabulous place! I can't believe I've lived in Miami 12 years and had never come to this oh so special club...what a mistake! Having friends in from Louisiana who love music and who wanted to experience a "Cuban" night in Miami, I decided to chance it on Hoy Como Ayer...what a thrilling night! As usual in Miami, the live music started late, at 1145pm. Before that, the club shows early videos of legendary Cuban musicians, including Celia Cruz and Gloria Estevan. We were here on a Thursday, when the awesome Spam Allstars play their Cuban inspired sound...believe me, when they start with their drums, sax and horn, you won't be able to stay still! Don't miss Hoy Como Ayer for an authentic night of fabulous music in the heart of Little Havana!
well i wanted to experience a lil bit of miami night life so i got what i came for the cover charge was $20! holy moly! i asked for water which was $4! holy moly the menu is all in spanish and most of the servers dont speak english so that was a challenge from the get go. i got an appetizer of deli meats, cheese and crackers. the price is ridiculous: i paid 30bucks, which an imposed gratuity. i thought it was overpriced the ambience: i wanted to here some nice conga music, the first singer was very mello and put me to sleep. the second band was ok but very loud.it was certainly...diferent.not sure i would bother with it again. i was glad for the experience though. everyone was on their feet within minutes of the music playing.
History....+++.... "schmistory".... I came here with a few UM kids a couple of nights ago, and the place was cool, almost hipster. We saw this funk "Afro-pop tribal beats" band in a not-so-crowded establishment, but mind you it was a Thursday night, so everyone else must have been off doing other things. The band was cool--different--eccentric... Imagine a woman screaming out insane shrills and the man next her beating on his bongos with another man blowing on his tuba, and this is what you would see.... Definitely a good place to listen to offbeat music.  Located in Little Havana, the vibe is very laidback, but since it has a hipster vibe it may attract those wannabe kids who think they are too cool to engage in mainstream nightlife. Think snooty. I don't want to stereotype, but it may have just been that night. There is street parking, so make sure you have coins in hand. There are parking meters. What? You want water?! Make sure you have cash because they will give you a bottle instead of a glass from the tap.
Mind you, I was a regular at this spot back in 2005 - 2007, until I moved to NYC. With that being said, this place felt like a movie scene of something you would Expect to see in Little Havana in Miami - dim lights tinged with red, Cubans and Cuban cigars, latin jazzy music played by my all time fave band Spam All Stars...if you must know I cannot comment on one drink here because I was a bgirl (female breakdancer who embraces the original elements of the hip hop culture) who always came here with several bboys with the intent to fully dance. Though the dance floor was small we always made it work and had a great time every time. It was much better than the pretentious vibe in other spots, down to earth Latin vibe from a movie scene. Authenticity at it's best.
Dear Hoy Como Ayer, "Today, like yesterday"....   A small, shady bar right on Calle Ocho in the heart of Little Havana.  Totally random, but you've survived the test of time, so props to you.  There's been many an adventure had here and my memories with you are fond, but my how things change. There are 2 MUST-SEE nights here, which are Wednesday and Thursday.  On Wednesday, you grace Miami with none other than DJ Oscar G, a world-class techno guru who is born and raised in the county of Dade.  His dark house genre, funky guest DJs (usually to the tune of something reggae and funky), and unique mix of melodies, transform any Wednesday night into 1999.  No matter where he is in the world, he never lets you down for a Wednesday night show, which is nice to see that kind of dedication.  Thursdays bring The Spam Allstars, another local celebrity band, who's Afro-Cuban beats, dance-provoking vibe, and overall happening rhythm are sure to bring a good time to any who are lucky to attend. So why only 3 stars, you make ask yourself?  Well, let's face it, you're in the middle of Little Havana trying to act like a club from South Beach.  Cover charges, expensive drink prices, and a lack of being able to go into the back alley have really changed my opinion of you.  Oh and let's not forget the sauna that you had going on in there.  It was cool (not cold) outside and you had the inside heater blasting, making it unbearable inside.   Your live acts are great, but your business attitude sucks.  Time to get your act together or risk losing the few regulars you have left. Hope to see you change things up the next time I come visit... Good luck, SabrinaAnna*
If the real SPAM was as good as the SPAM ALL STARS.... Awesome music, Wednesday or Thursday (House Wednesday and Thursday Spam All-Stars...and they are HOTT!) - If you like raw, Latin/Funk/Afro/Jazz, They bring it with SOULLL. I've been here a few times and it's a great show...People moving, dancing, singing, very laid back crowd....it is what energy and sound is supposed to feel like. You can let loose, embrace your "inner Cuban", and just go with the flow here. It's dark, it's nostalgic and no frills...and they do it well. Remember: Ladies free before 11 on Thursdays Also a plus: ample space to move around and converse with friends. It seems to be a tiny spot, but it never gets pushy and overcrowded-KUDOS to that! The only Cons I have are the cigs......I can't stand a place that sends me home feeling like an overused ashtray. Sorry, but when you've got long hair and like to have good-smelling clothes when leaving a night out, it's sometimes a price you have to pay when coming here.   The tapas for me have been hit-or miss... All in all it's a great place for some good vibes during the week, so I will be back soon!
Ridiculous! So fun! Everything we had hoped for when visiting from CA. SPAM AllStars were amazing! HIGHLY recommend going on a Thursday night to see them. We will never forgot last night at Hoy Como Ayer! If you want a real Latino/Cuban night of great music and dancing come to Hoy Como Ayer!
The one and only reason why I visit Hoy Como Ayer is SPAM ALLSTARS! Thursday nights ladies get in free before 11pm guys pay $7. The place has a great cuban vibe with the photos and artwork surrounding it, not to mention the old cuban music playing while you wait for Spam Allstars. The drinks are 2 for 1 before 11, but let's be honest, the drinks aren't all that and the place is a ghost town till about 11:30. I normally stroll in at 10:45 to get in free and have the drink special for 15 minutes. The SA show doesn't start till midnight in which they play for one hour before taking a half an hour break to ressume playing till about 2:30 so if you have somewhere to be in the morning, I suggest you drink a red bull, cortadito or w/e it is that keeps you going, you'll be there for a while. I cannot comment on the atmosphere of the place any other night however if you go on a Thursday, you'll enjoy a great band and bitch about the pain on your calves the next morning from all the dancing you did the night before.
WOW!!!  All I have to say is go on a Thursday night to see SPAM ALLSTARS!!!  They were absolutely amazing!!!  A little bit of Reggae, Latin, Funk, Soul, Afro beat, the absolute works!  It's free before 11PM for ladies, so my friend and I waltzed in at about 10:40 to a room full of...well, 10 ppl?!  "Oh my..." we thought after a whole hour had passed and the crowd had doubled or so yet the band STILL had yet to begin the performance.  Band members trickled in about as slowly as molasses over a period of an hour or so.  Ughhhh.  Well, at just after midnight, the show began and IT   WENT   DOWN!! There was a full house by the time the show started and after the first 15 minutes, there were only two souls still in their seats. Everyone here comes to dance the night away and that's just what we do!  Ladies...and gents, it's not the type of place where slimy guys try to grab your hand and get you to dance a virtual lap dance with them (ick!).  No, no, no, even those who came with people, friends, dates, or whatever, were pretty much freestyle dancing on their own.  By the end of the night, you pretty much have no idea who came with who because everyone's having a ball and that's how it should be ;). Attire was a mix...pretty chill overall.  Some guys were there in shorts and flip flops, some girls came in casual skirts or dresses and many were in jeans, nice tops, and heels...hey, even some skirts and sneakers were in the mix.  Basically, come how you feel like it, just leave all stuffy attitudes at home and let looooseee!! On  side note, ladies, leave your purse at home, if at all possible, or bring a small, light one because you will be too busy dancing your butt off to want to lug it on your shoulder.  Trust me! Oooo yea, and I almost forgot a VERY important something...this place is like an absolute death trap for asthmatics and people like me who temporarily have asthma-like symptoms due to allergies.  The cigarette smoke is in FULL effect and there's no getting  away from it in this place.  Your airways will close up so tight that you will be praying to God to let you make it through the night to enjoy this concert and dance night of a lifetime...even after you leave.  Your poor, now mucus-filled chest will be in tears as it curses you out for putting it through so much pain and suffering.  Ahhh, the the price we pay to have a good time...
Wish I could give it a better rating, but each thursday I have gone has been progressively worse.  Only thing that keeps me coming back is Spam and the proximity to where i live.   Drinks are a little ridiculous for the venue and they seem to be letting in a very young crowd.  Last time I was there these young punks decided to start breakdancing in the middle of the dance floor during the Spam show.  If you want to go break dance, fine, just don't do it int he middle of a bunch of people who are more interested in the live performance.  They looked to be like 16-19 years old.
What an awesome hidden gem!!!!! Went on a Thursday night with some friends and it was jam packed, band playing and all. I loved it.
Thursday nights at Hoy Como Ayer, listening to the Spam Allstars do their thing is a Miami must do.  While it isn't the same as it was three or four years ago(before they left and played at I/O for a bit) when you would hang out on the little side alley with the band between sets, it still has a very cool vibe. Only one person that I have taken hasn't came away totally in love with the place and the band but it's because she is a "Debbie Downer" Do it!!
Our last stop on the Rock the Bus tour, Hoy como Ayer was a great choice to finish the night. Thursday is Spam Allstars night which means greatness! If you haven't  seen them yet you are missing something. They are an example of what Miami has best in the music department. Great interection with the public and sounds to make you wanna move your body! Hoy como Ayer is one of those small bar/lounge that make you wonder why the rest of the world is so different. Low key venue, a few tables  right and left and people dancing to latin rythms makes it the right place to chill and enjoy great live music. My only two  bad points are: the chilling air conditioning in the restrooms and... it's a smokey place!
Very nice place on Wednesdays. Oscar G spinning a little set, grabbing some drinks... good time with friends. Definitely a hidden gem.
You want REAL MIAMI?..its right here in the heart of Little Havanna.. Hoy Como Ayer.. Thursday nights.. Spam Allstars.... Nuf Said!.. Dance the night away!.. go directly to the closest walk up window grab a Café Cubano or just a "cafecito".. on your way home, better pick up a Medianoche because you are going to be hungry later.  Love this place.. my common theme.. If you are in or near Miami for any amount of time.. you MUST go to Hoy Como Ayer!!!
Place is a ripoff! They charge $12 a drink and then include 18 percent tip at the end. They try to be sneaky and just give you the bill without the itemized tab so you don't see that they have already included tip and you double tip. I spent $56 for 3 drinks and a beer. Plus a $7 cover charge. This isn't south beach! Also, it was extremely hot in there. You get two stars because of the live act.Oscar G Tropicasa. I don't think I will return. Way too overpriced for what was delivered.
This is the real Miami.  A great spot for Salsa dancing with wonderful music and ambiance.
Great place, but I wanted to give it 3 stars.  Why?  Drinks.  The cover charge here is more than reasonable ($8 or so) but once inside you get knocked over if you buy anything to drink.  This place could make an AMAZING bar with some nice cocktails and a decent beer selection, but they go for typical Miami spot garbage (vodka-cranberries, etc) and charge you big bucks for it.  Last time Ms C got a diet coke for about $6.  Charge me more outside the door and be fair with the drinks.  Otherwise, the place is wonderful, people had a good time without really crowding up the space or otherwise being obnoxious and Spam AllStars are the Spam Allstars.
I must admit I believe I have only been here on Thursday nights for the Spam or something of that genre. But on those nights it is a blast! The crowd is mixed but mostly Hispanic and few people stop dancing. When it gets too hot and sweaty you can sneak out past the bathrooms in the back where there is always a few people taking a break in a parking lot like fenced in area. Entrance is free or reduced before 11pm. The crowd is very friendly and its a very different scene from what you'll find in most of your average Miami dancing clubs. Oh, and it is on a one way street so it can sometimes seem a little tricky to get there and park.
The one and only only only reason why I visit Hoy Como Ayer is SPAM ALL STARS! Thursday nights ladies get in free before 11pm guys pay $7. The place has a great vibe with  photos and artwork surrounding it, not to mention the old Cuban music playing while you wait for Spam All-stars, its nice relaxing, and who doesn't like a nice Son. The drinks are 2 for 1 before 11, but let's be honest, the drinks aren't that great or a big deal. The SA show doesn't start till midnight in which they play for one hour before taking a half an hour break to resume playing till about 2:30 so if you have somewhere to be in the morning, I suggest you drink a red bull, cortadito, expresso or what ever the hell is  that keeps you going, you'll be there for a bit. Everyone is up and dancing. When you get in here if you are a true Cuban you wont have to get up to dance the soul of the Cuban Afro music is going to be lift you right up and hit that heart of yours like un "repique de bongo". Come as you are, and experience all you can to be :)
The very best club in miami! Good atmosphere good people and the greatest music! I recommend it to everyone.
Ok so several years ago when I was single I stumbled on this Thurs late night spot. The bar is the worse so don't get fancy they will give you a rum & coke no matter what you order.  But this place is not for drinking it is for dancing and a major stress relief! I have never gone and not come out of there sweating and with a huge smile the music is Afro cuban and on thurs a band called Spam allstars play. This is the most unique band I have ever heard but they JAM! The cover is something like 7 or 8 dollars after 11:00 before 11:00 it is a ghost town. Prepare to stay till about 3:00am because once you start you won't stop. To the single guys out there you wanna make an impression do what I did. 1 st start with drinks at the Conrad Hotel in down town then take her here the contrast will make her go nuts has many of them did I even married the last one I took lol!
I'm soo glad I found this place.  The live music is great.  Its nice to hear good live music.  The crowd that come here is so upbeat and its a fun place to dance and listen to good spanish music.  A must do!!!  I will be back next time I'm around the area.  I wish I had another night do I can go again.
Unique little place with a very Cuban heart. I recently went on a Wednesday night and enjoyed the most unbelievable dark house music ever with the DJ spinning to the background of old Cuban films. Then El Chino DreadLion came to the stage and rocked the night along with Oscar G with a fusion of reggae, Afrocuban rhythms and house beats. What a spectacle! El Chino is a one show man and he was nicely complemented by a guy at the drums and and the piano. I can't wait to experience Thursday and Friday nights which bring a different theme.
this place has history, you can see it hanging on the walls. ive only been here on thursdays, dj spam all stars  for $7. fair deal. the space is big enough but it gets really packed at times. really packed. the problem is that i got charged 15$ for a 9 oz plastic cup with absolute vodka and red bull. and i dont know, this place wasnt like this a couple of years ago. its good.
July 6, 2013. Excellent place. They presented Malena Burcos; what a great band. Small place but we danced and had a great time. I recommend this place!
great ambiance and live music--spam allstars was playing a set the night we stopped by. groups and couples crowd the small, intimate space. people jam and dance to the latin beats. perfect spot to bring a date after dinner.
