It used to be that Club Space was the place where you couldn't go wrong on a Saturday night but not too long ago they changed the house room to upstairs and honestly it doesn't feel the same.  The hip hop is now the main room and it has gotten really ghetto, really don't like the crowd as much as I did before. Luckily, they have the BEST djs in Miami, including well known Oscar G to make up for it.
This is a mega club and you absolutely have to have VIP to make it worthwhile.  I saw Tiesto and Deep Dish here during the music conference.  The tables at the roof top are the best you can dance all night and watch the sun come up drinking champange outside.
This place is great if you love house music. 3 different areas with different DJ's you can never get tired of being in here. Drinks aren't really expensive compared to the other clubs in Miami.  The music in Space just makes you want to keep on partying all night long.
So when I was in High School I visited this club a lot! I mean I was 18 where else would they let underage girls get into? If I were writing this 6 years ago I'm sure 5 stars would have been appropriate. Well its 2013 I never thought I would visit this club again until one of my friend invited me for her friends birthday. It had been such a long time I wasn't sure what my experience would be like but decided to try it out anyways. We got there at 11:30 hoping to pregame before going into the club since you know everything is expensive, needless to say we had no time because the line was already huge. First strike waiting in line I'm not particularly used to this since I go to clubs where I can buy tickets so I don't need to make lines. They have no control or order 1 line to go in free, One line if you pay $10 you go in right away, and then the VIP line or people who have tickets. So wait you mean either we stand in the line for 30 min and go in free or we pay the extra $10 to get in faster? that didn't seem like a bad deal so we took it. We walk in my first though was WOW I'm back in High School Senior year and no this wasn't a good thing. Second strike this place is full of kids, this was like walking into an all ages party. Seriously how many all ages parties have you been to that have been good? Exactly!. First room downstairs Hip Hop and not even the good kind, 2nd room I don't know what they played to be honest maybe some Latin mixture, and 3rd room or terrace was house music. Well there isn't anything that stood out in this place except all the little kids in it that made me thankful I wasn't in High School anymore. But the worst part was yet to come when we headed to the bar "Can I have 2 beers please?" "Yes that will be $30." WTF!! $30 for 2 beers are you kidding me??? Who do you think you are? this isn't LIV or Disney World, this isn't ULTRA or EDC this is ratchet Space and your charging me $30 for 2 beers. Thank you but no thank you never again.
this place epitomizes the pandemonium that underlies Miami!!!!!!! 1st of all.......it's located in downtown Miami.  dirt-hole of america.   ok, ok, after detroit, I guess.  I'm kidding, I've never been to detroit.....what do I look like, I'm insane?? 2nd................when there's a big name dj there, unless you're willing to drop major cash at the door, you'd better be a patient person!   3rd................there's nowhere to sit......unless you have bottle service.  We usually come to Space at about 7 or 8 am, so we're not looking to buy bottles! =) 4th................crackhead central.........there's a time and place, and it's always at space!!! if you can get past the aforementioned, then you can handle Space.  It would be in your best interest to experience it atleast once....a year!
First came here in '06 and stayed till 10am.  Last visit I stayed till 9am.  Both visits were incredible and for afterhours it is what one should expect.  Getting in isnt difficult if you know how to talk to the door guy and grease him.  (Don't complain and be a cheapskate if you rather wait in line).  I'd rather pay more to get in and enjoy my time than waste an hour standing outside, DUH! Laidback Luke did an awesome set and everyone inside was pretty chill and in their zone.
If you want to party this is the place to be. Like other peoples reviews this place gets packed and it is bananas!!!!!! Im from the Bay Area so went there to party with my girlfriend and the place was packed. We got there around 3am and left around 7am. My girl ended up ripping her heel because of how much we danced.lol. But definetly Recommend.
Drinks are really pricey (this is why most use 'other means').  Bottled waters are free at the bar, just make sure you tip.  Great for people watching and trying to wrap your head around the stupidity going on around you.  Cover is expensive, but well worth it if you're into the scene.  Seeing the sunrise from the roof deck is something that needs to be experienced firsthand.
On point
Reminded me of "SPACE" in Ibiza. Not as crazy, but still fun!
Space is great. It's crazy. It's a must-have experience if you like trance & house music. Sure you're in store for some shady experiences BUT the sound is awesome in the main room, and the patio is great for after hours. Just make sure you go with a good fun group of friends.
Space is my favorite place in Miami, and my home away from home. I am an avid Space cadet that visits twice a month. Don't listen to the bitter reviewers about the crazy cover charges and crazy prices for drinks. The only people that actually pay cover charges here are tourists, or when there is a big DJ like Steve Angello recently(which was only $30, and the WMC events, which is a given. Hell, every major club in Miami is about the same price as Space for those that actually pay. As long as you get in line before midnight, it's simple to get in for free every weekend. If you are looking for a place to drink cocktails and get bottle service, Space is NOT the place to go. Yea, a lot of the bartenders are a-holes and will charge you whatever they want for drinks. But, from my experience in Miami, or all of South Florida for that matter, the drink prices are right on par with ANY other club. But, take Space for what it is. It's a true club that is meant for people who enjoy the genre and enjoy listening to the best DJs in the world in one of the best Venues in the world. Hell, the owner Louis Puig is probably the best DJ in Miami. Space is NOT a hip-hop club, although they do have a hip-hop room, but that's not what Space is about. The hip hop room is a lot of fun though, but it's where the shady people hang out that everyone complains about. If you are going to listen to the real music,  the Terrace is the only place to be, and it's why everyone goes to Space. There is nothing like dancing while seeing the stars, and eventually the sunrise with a view of Miami's high rises. Yea, there are some shady people at Space. But, it's Miami, and it's a huge club. There is a lot more good than bad. Most of the people there are having a good time, and you see alot of the same people there to enjoy the music every single week. If you are going because you love the music and are looking for a  very unique club experience, Space is the only club in Miami to go to. If you are going just because you want a club to go to for a couple hours so you can look at girls and complain about how bitchy they are and complain about drink prices, then Space is not for you.
Ok so I'm no hardcore clubber by any means, but when I do occasionally get a chance to go, I want to go to a place where I can dance and feel totally awesome while doing it. This is definitely that place. A steep cover at the door even for girls but definitely this is a meat fest. There are about 3 different dance areas w different types of music from electronic, hip hop, and latin. This place is enormous but the crowd is diverse and the music is on target. The drinks are exorbitant but it is Miami after all. The variety of music and people is what makes this place really interesting. Everyone looking to have a good time. From the grinding crowd in the hip hop floor to the salsa dancers in the latin floor, this place has everything to keep you occupied. Definitely take a taxi b/c there is nothing in the surrounding area and it is a little bit sketch in the early morning hours.
Amazing amazing amazing!! Top djs and u get to experience what miami night life is all about. No place like Space!
They're only open Saturday nights thru Sunday afternoon usually, but this is the premiere after-hours club venue in Miami, where you can go to another club and then hit up this place for more partying if you wish. There are three rooms (Ballroom, Techno Loft, Terrace) for hip-hop, techno, house music, respectively. Great place to party. Wish I went there more times than I did. Like most clubs, gets loud, drinks are pricey, and can get crowded. Get there early for free entry on guest list(usually) and to avoid lines. Cover can get expensive depending on the DJ that's performing. And it's sometimes 18+ for girls, as long as you're there relatively early.
On Saturday after miami beach closes down now I see why everyone goes here
non pretentious , love it , super great people , most everyone is there to have a good time , leave your best shoes home and bring something comfy to dance in ... this place doesn't even get going hard till 2 am stays open long after the sun rises! This place is for a serious party nite, we come at least 2x a month .. our fav place !
Good music and no dress code!!!!  Armandpena.com rocks!!!!!
im way past my mega-club nights. in fact, i dislike most mega-anything. last time i willingly went to space was about 12 years ago. i was 21 years old. going out with my then girl friend, my good friend and his girlfriend to a huge, dark, smokey, loud club always seemed like a great idea. besides we had a bunch of happy pills so it seemed like the perfect plan for the weekend but thats what mdma does to you. it makes you think everything is awesome. it makes you euphoric, horny and stupid. most twenty-something year olds are exactly that (more stupid than anything else). my friend had a contact at the door so we didnt pay for cover charge, so we all went in for free but we spent about $100 dollars on bottled water and god knows you need water when youre rolling balls. once we were done rubbing on each other like rabid dogs and chewing on our own cheeks - exhausted from thumping around like jumping turds to the same repetitive beat over and over and over -  we decided to leave. it was past 6am and we still felt awesome so we went to the beach to see the sunrise... and then they all started to puke. one by one they puked in harmony. if instead of barfing it was a violin playing, this was definitely paganini. but i didnt puke, i guess cause i only took one pill. the rest of the gang took three or so. as you can see, i was less stupid than my then-friends. so, after they were done puking, we finally went home and tried to pass out. i was the least cracked out from the group so i passed out earlier while the others stayed up until the early afternoon as crackheads tend to do. i woke up at around 6pm feeling miserable and i stepped on my own pair of glasses. which i destroyed and that really hurt me cause they were modo's. naturally, i felt like an idiot. however, i took a glimpse at my half dressed, half naked gf and regained a bit of self-esteem... until i noticed she was drooling like a bullmastiff. this is when i vowed never to roll again and never go back to space again... until last saturday. this time i went with new friends. mister texas and his utterly idiotic girlfriend and also my friend miss r. i only went to space because she begged me to join them as shes from eastern europe, lives in san diego, has been married for the past 5 years and never went to a mega-club before. fine. ill go. she asks, "but im wearing sandals, are they gonna let me in?' - for sure - mr texas said. well, he was wrong. we couldnt get in so i thought that was my chance to convince them to go to the pickle instead but no. they were all about space. the happiest place on earth. fine, so we went back to miss r's so she could get changed and then we went back to space. we finally got in at around 3am, as crackheads tend to do. cover charge was $30. my friends took their medicine, i didnt. i like my current pair of glasses and i dont want to step on them at 6pm feeling like a crackhead.   they got really thirsty and since miss r was practically useless, i went up to the bar and got a bottle of water for her. that was $7. i got myself a corona. that was $8. so yeah, space makes money of crackheads. as for the music, as soon as you come in theres bachata, reggaetton and other rhythms normally preferred by all sorts of criminals and convicts from the caribbean islands. then if you go upstairs theres two rooms, one was minimal/deep house which i like and was less crowded than the other room that was trance. this room was packed with crackheads of all genders and sexual orientations. i saw this guy steal a bottle of grey goose from the bar but he got kicked out of the club thirty seconds after that. and then at 5 am, a tall man on stilts wearing a light suit came into the room to amaze every crackhead in the house. they froze, bowed and took pictures of their new-found light god. im sure some of them fainted thinking they had just experienced a cosmical connection with the higher spirits. no no you crackhead. its the crack thats tricking your brain into thinking that. crack makes you think everything is amazing, including crack. i got annoyed of running around like pac-mac, in a room full of people eating pills, listening to repetitive electronic music. plus the smoke, plus having to deal with my friends acting crazy... still i left space at 7am and i felt like im too old for space and i vowed again to never go back. no matter who begs me to come along, unless its margot tenenbaum but i highly doubt she would ever want to go there. however, if youre young and at that tender age of experimenting, give it a shot. just get ready to spend some money on cover charge and whatever else you plan on consuming. the possibilities are endless. you might meet the hooker-love of your life there. you might even be witness a choir of vomit somewhere in the city. you might wake up missing your kidneys and you might even love it cause youre still rolling balls at 10am. like a crackhead. but ive seen it on a t shirt. you only live once.
best club I've been to in the US.  Went there during WMC.  The music was great.  Danced until 6Am.  That was a hell of a time I had at club space.
It felt like you were in a rave
I am 21 and recently moved to South FL, and every time I have asked people here about Club Space or going to Miami to party, I always get a vague response about the far drive or a flat out "No". Last Saturday November 10th, one of my girlfriends gave in and decided to accompany me out to Club Space. I was so excited, I had heard this place was the best club in the land of house music. Now I know why people don't go out to Miami. My girlfriend and I roll up to Space around 12 a.m. We were directed to a parking spot by a shifty-looking man that looked like a bum hired off the corner. I wasn't confident my car wasn't going to be towed, and he charged me 15$. But that's not unusual here for parking, I suppose. We get to Space and stand at the back of the line. Closer to 12:20, security suddenly tells everyone that the entrance we were standing in front of was for "Sobe" whatever, and we all must move to the front of the Club, spilling out in the street. Security then proceeds to have us stand in this bustling, huge crowd, yelling at everyone to "GET BACK!" and pushing us like a herd of cows. We stood out here for a good 15 minutes, watching what must have been V.I.P. clubgoers skip the line. Before I had come out to Space, I had went on their website and subscribed to their emails. When you do so, you're emailed what's supposed to be a get in free voucher. Once we were finally allowed to come in, I showed the man at the front my coupon and he sneeringly informed me "I should have done more research" and that he had never seen my voucher before. Ok, that's fine. I go to pay, but little did I know that if it's past 12:30 am the cover charge jumps from 20$ to 40$. SO, security purposely held us outside for 20 minutes from going in the club to charge us the 40$. Maybe I don't know how Miami is but the club better be coated in gold and serving me mani/pedi's and champagne for forty freakin dollars. I didn't drive out 45 minutes and get my hopes up to be treated like trash, and charged an insane cover fee. I could see if maybe I was stumbling drunk, trashy, not in dress code, but we were just two girls dressed nice and wanting to party. My girlfriend and I left and paid 10$ to get in at Blue Martini, and we had a freakin blast! In the end, if you're going to Space, go out loaded$$$$, expect to wait, or make sure you know someone who knows someone. The days of going out and having a good time are lost to greedy clubs like Space.
I never go out. Especially to clubs. Space reminded me why I don't. First of all the event was supposed to be a costume party. While in line we saw only a few costumes..not including ours. We stood in a "line" for about 30 minutes with an app that was supposed to give us free admission. Nowhere in front of that place is it specified where the general admission differs from the express line, the line in which we should have been. So when we finally got to the top of the stairs, (I got separated from my friends because the stupid bouncer let them all in first), we were told we had to pay despite the app download and registration that we completed. The bouncer instructed us to go back down the stairs and speak to the woman in the white dress. When we approached this rude excuse for a woman, she told us go back up the stairs and wouldn't even listen to our issues. We had done everything that the app had instructed us to do, she gave us the wrong tickets and said we had to follow protocol for a mistake that she made and refused to correct. She told us to move back up the stairs. The bouncer told us to go back down. These people do not communicate. They were extremely rude to all of us. The bitch with the braces even yelled at me, something I do not take lightly or from anyone. We ended up leaving and all of our other friends got in. They need to put up signs saying "express line".  They have one general admission sign and it's hard to differentiate the masses. All the line melds together and people are constantly pushing. There is also a step right when you get close enough to the mindless bouncer. Last night, my friends and I all stepped in the soup that nature and non nature had stewed up. At least put the line so that the step is easily seen. Imagine wearing your highest sexiest stilettos and not knowing there is a curb in front of you. You could break your ankle or leg!!! It's such a hazard, and with all those morons pushing, it's bound to happen!
Fist of all the door guys are total a*holes. Second of all $40 bucks to get in ? Wow i would of NEVER paid that crazy. After we got in it was all crackheads. Dont get me wrong i liked the music and the club is pretty cool compared to the same played out clubs we have in chicago but this place is afterhours crackhead heaven. If you dont do crack dont even waste your time.. OH AND i learned that Oscar G left this place.. which i was extremely pist about cuz thats the main reason i wanted to go
Club Space is one of the best clubs in the world for the BEST in all things EDM. The club has been in business (continuously, by the same owner) for 12 years - that's right, 12 long years. how many clubs can anyone name that can boast that? This is the deal, yes, it's in a sketchy & grimy  part of Miami, but it's also only a few blocks from Bayside, so heaven and hell are not far removed. Be careful and cognizant of your surroundings and you'll be fine. GET THERE EARLY if you want to get in quickly and/or there is a very BIG TIME DJ playing. Early in Miami time is before 3am. Remember, the clubs on South Beach close at 5am. A lot of those people are heading  straight to Space, so figure on a line - maybe a long line at 6am. Be prepared, the patio ROCKS. Bring sunglasses. Be prepared to "hear" the ridiculous sound system...lot's of cool, friendly people. Let's remember people, IT'S A CLUB and that being said there are always a few weirdos, skeezers and generally fucked up morons - so what? Security is very good there. Have an open mind and have fun - your in the legendary Club Space. The Patio is the best part of Space IMO. The techno loft next door is very good. The main room ( as of this posting ) is still Hip-Hop, not my thing, but the room is impressive. SPACE IS THE PLACE!!!. HAVE FUN!!!!!
Ok, to start I want to say i used to be a fan, and I have spent a lot of time and money here. I have an issue with their staff. First off, they discriminate. I was at Ultra with 2 friends, as was just about everyone else in Miami that weekend. We came to Space for the closing on Sunday night to hear Victor Calderone. He is a gay club legend! The first thing they did was made everyone wait in line when there was no one inside!! Just to make it look happening I guess. 2nd, after 45 minutes of waiting in line, the bouncers start yelling out, "No shorts!" One of my friends was in shorts. EVERYONE at Ultra was wearing shorts!! We had brought pants and put them on prior to walking to Space, but our new friend did not have any. I started to notice they were allowing people in, mostly people who had pre-purchased tickets (thank God we decided not to do that), and I noticed FEMALES being allowed in with shorts. I politely asked the closest bouncer about the "no shorts" speech and why I was seeing girls go in with shorts and were they going to go ahead and allow it. His reply to me was, "No, shorts look good on girls, not guys" Ummmexcuse me dickhead, that may be true for your fat ass but not good looking gay guys who are there to support Victor Calderone! We spend a ton of money in that place and for him to discriminate against us because we were guys pissed me off! I told him I was not pleased and when Victor spins we can wear what we want, even in NYC! It turned into a shouting match and we decided to just leave. I had another friend another time get double charged on his credit card by the bartender and was basically told to fuck off. Great club, HORRIBLE STAFF! You have been warned.
so getting in to this club was a pain in the rear end, but other than that my boyfriend and I had an amazing time dancing and chilling all night long to awesome music! so, we get there around 11 on a Saturday night so we could get there before 12:30 when the entry price goes up and we knew the line was going to be super long. my boyfriend had on sandals and would not let him in. extremely annoyed, we tried to reason with a bouncer but no luck. we had no other plans so we decided to walk around to see if there might be a nearby Walgreens or Cvs that may sell some cheap closed toes shoes. by the way the reason you cannot wear sandals is because you are a liability! we walked around for a minute to find we were in an extremely sketchy spot with homeless people every corner asking for money and what not. we got a cab instead to take us to a Walgreens. thank god they sold cheap shoes but they were some croc-like shoes and needless to say my boyfriend looked a little ridiculous, but hey, we were determined to have an awesome night. we return to club around 12, and we have a name for the guest list, and also we go through the express lane to avoid possibly going in after 12:30 and having to pay $40 instead of the $10 we paid. we stayed on the first floor for maybe a total of five minutes because the music was extremely lame and were looking for more edm type music. the techno lounge on the second floor was our favorite we probably stayed in there for 7 hours, going back in forth between the two rooms located on the second level. we did see a couple people take it a little too far which ended up in someone needing extreme medical attention, others being carried out for various reasons I did not really pay attention to. techno lounge was extremely chill with really great downtempo ambient beats, while the other room on the second level ( Robbie Rivera was playing that night ) was more upbeat. lots of drugs at this club, a downside is extremely expensive drinks. we sat down a lot even though there aren't many places to sit unless you grab a spot on these square things in both second level rooms that I think are made for professional dancers. unless you want to pay mad money for a private table, I suggest trying to grab a seat on the square thing whenever you see one open.  all my boyfriend and I drank was water, but one bottle of water is $7. we had an amazing time together, and it's really awesome that they stay open all night! I mean these folks were still going at it at even 8 in the morning! overall awesome club, we had an amazing experience there besides getting in!
If your in miami you need to check this place out....its not for the the average clubber....its for the hardcore fans! oh ya......
So much fun! We went to Space as one of the clubs we decided to go to for visiting Miami. We went to see Fedde le Grand over Labor Day Weekend. We found a promoter on Instagram who got us in but we didn't know you needed another wristband to get upstairs to where he was performing. Most people paid an addition $40 to go see him. The first floor was still really fun and great dancing music. It was mostly hip hop that night (Saturday night). It gets crazy packed like any club and it was especially fun after 1am - go Miami! Drinks were extremely expensive. Pretty much expect to pay nearly $40 for two drinks and the tip. Water is free as usual! There's a fair amount of places to sit which was great when you need the break from dancing. I wasn't in heels but many thankful girls were resting in the area. It's in the middle of Downtown so make sure to stick with a group and be careful! There were 6 police cars chilling outside of the club and we opted to park in a secure parking lot rather than on the street. It's nothing more than I haven't seen in Downtown LA, but be street smart.
I can't say that this place is amazing nor can I say that it's horrible, all I can say is that you will have a hell of a good time. This place is not like any club you've been to before. It's doors open at 11 pm and stay open till about 2 pm the following day and yes people are still in line at 7 am to get in for after hours. They are now open on Fridays but I suggest you go on Saturdays since that is def the better day to go and it's not 18+ for everyone . The music is what keeps this place going you will dance the night away literally. Do not come here I repeat do not come here if you are looking for some upscale type club this is not the place. Really like that that they have fixed it up a bit so it's not so sketchy. Also I suggest you wear some comfy shoes ladies do yourself the favor and ditch the heels. Space cadet all the way #takemetospace
Having a bunch of large rooms is good. People dance but the electronic side is much more popular than the hip hop side and I didn't like the electronic music as much as Grand Central.
Rude staff! It was supposed to be a vodka open bar. An asshole waiter was pretending not understand me just to not serve vodka for free. Other waitress was lying that there wasn't more vodka. I WISH I COULD KICK THEIR ASS SO BAD
Great place for electronic dance music fans!! This place amazing!! You can literally party all night and all day))
"Let's go to Space!" said no classy person EVER. The trashiest, sketchiest, most overrated club ever.  The only reason I went was because I was new to Miami and didn't know any better. If you wanna sell molly and party at shi*ty clubs until you die of an overdose at 33, this is the place for you. If you want to go out and dance with your friends at a SAFE and fun place, pick another club.  Any other club.
I finally stepped foot into Club Space after hearing about it from my friends and watching the cast of Jersey Shore frequent it.  If you've heard the Calvin Harris song "Eat, Sleep, Rave, Repeat," -- you would understand how it's the theme song of the crowd, the venue, and the overall atmosphere of the club. Located in downtown Miami, I visited Space twice during my trip.  There's two rooms -- the main room and the terrace, and depending on the night and who's DJing, you'll have to get separate wristbands for each... but after awhile, the bouncers don't care as much and you can wander around in both rooms. The first night was Markus Schulz in the main room and Thomas Gold and Deniz Koyu in the terrace.  The second night was Gareth Emery plus Pete Tong afterhours in the terrace, and Borgore, Bassjackers, and R3hab in the main room.  I'm not sure if they were lenient because it was Ultra weekend, but there wasn't really a dress code.  Drinks are expensive, ($7 for bottled water, $18+ for mixed drinks) but cheaper than most other venues in Miami.  There are also no set hours -- a few of us left around 6-7AM and some of our friends stayed beyond and even around 9-10AM, there were still DJs spinning! Space is definitely a club to keep on your radar if you 1) enjoy EDM, and 2) are on the radar for an afterhours club.
WTF. WHY IS IT LEGAL TO SMOKE CIGARETTES IN MIAMI CLUBS?!  Thanks for ruining my night cigarette smokers. Just left Space and I lost my voice and can't breathe through my nose because management allowed people to smoke in there. If smokers are forced to go outside to smoke in NYC where its cold as fuck, why can't they go outside in Miami where you don't even need a jacket?! Normally I party till 10am if the vibe is right but all the cigarette smoke made me really sick so I felt it was best for my health to leave asap at 4:30am. Frankly I've experienced better clubs in NYC and Europe. The line to get in wasn't that bad. I got in around 12am and the girl who checked my ticket never charged me extra because I got there after midnight even though my tix tier was for before midnight. Overall the staff was nice and weren't dicks. What killed my experience though was the crowd. WTF. #1. I workout hard so I can dance my ass off at clubs and I get pleasure from knowing that I'm in shape enough to pull off some hot ass dance moves on the dancefloor. I don't go to clubs to get my ass grabbed by guido looking dudes.  Loco Dice who was playing a decent set in the upstairs room  and got me dancing hard but what killed my vibe was having to get in black bitch mode "don't fuck with me" because people had no manners whatsover. i had to keep my elbows out because drunk bitches kept on stepping on my feet with their heels and guys thought it was cool to hit on me when I just wanted to enjoy the music. #2 I got sick from all the cigarette smoke. Def won't be going back again. This was my first Miami club experience and I doubt I'll be going to other Miami clubs since this was supposed to be one of the least pretentious ones. The vibe and scene at Burning Man events are waaaay better. More eye candy and people party harder without being douchebags. I can see why it's popular with people who don't know about better scenes but as someone who's experienced legit partying this doesn't cut it for me.
Bought tickets to see Boy George starting at 10...they wouldn't let us in the club at 10:25...said that they open at 11.I don't do a lot of clubbing, but WTF. I showed the guy the tickets...he just shrugged his shoulders...I hope the evening end better than its starting out...they let us in at 11:15. $30 for a beer and a drink,$3 for the ice in the drink...Are you giving kidding me? Informed by a guard that Boy George would be upstairs at 12:30 or so, rumor has it that he is a DJ, not s true performance...I don't think I'll be hanging around till then. This place is designed to remove money from your wallet through lies, deception, and false promises...fool me once,I Won't be back. It's 1:15 a.m., still haven't seen or heard from Boy George...they trek me that he may just spin dj...I mean c'mon...when I bought the tickets on line out never said that. They said he was going to perform...what a wasted Saturday night, watching a bunch of low class idiots smoke weed and cigarettes all f'n night and no performer...poor form Club Space, Poor form. Greedy Bastards. LIARS.
What hasn't been said about Club Space? Perhaps a recent rave anthem "Eat Sleep Rave Repeat" provides some insight... My frequent home during my late 20s and early 30s, I still come through in my late 30s when one of my favorite acts (Paul van Dyk, Armin van Buren or Thomas Gold) DJ's here. The acoustics are awesome - you are enveloped with great house beats where ever you go. The light show is surreal and well produced. The decor is a funky mix of New York subway gate, warehouse and hunting lodge (yes one of the bars had a deer head!) Don't forget to take a picture by the astronaut statue at the main entrance. Did I mention how a lot of big name house and trance DJ's perform there? My only complaint - like most folks - would have to be drinks. Ratio of price to alcohol content and quality could stand to be improved. Will I keep going to Space even when I have gray hair and dancing with a cane? Hell to the yes!
They sold drink package for open bar from 9-12 and didn't open til after 10! Total scam and ripoff! Don't go here!!!
This place is one of the best tech house clubs in miami. Those who hate club space typically hate it due to going with crowd who doesn't enjoy this style of music. When compared to other clubs the cover fees are cheaper and most times free. Drinks are equally expensive where ever you go. 10-50 dollar drinks and $250-1000 bottles/tables. Never seem to have a bad time here.
First and last time at Space this past Saturday. Was there for a girls night and it happened to be the "End of Summer" Party. I was forewarned about the dress code, so kept it simple with a skirt, tank, and boots. One girl in our party almost was denied entry for sneakers (meanwhile 3 others in our party had already been let in with sneakers). We skipped the line and the cover, so that was a plus considering the line was almost to the end of the block (at 12am). While the club was big, it seems that this Club has seen better days. We spent the evening upstairs in the Terrace. There was a new DJ every half hour. As soon as a DJ got into a groove, they would pull him/her and put someone else on. Would have loved to have half the amount of DJs with double the time. The crowd was probably the worst part of the experience. There's a mix people who have long passed their "raging" days and the pack of boys targeting to touch girls that are clearly rolling, no matter how much they keep moving away. The men were grabby and just made it hard to feel comfortable to dance. One girl in our party, who was a little tipsy, had her iPhone stolen out of her purse. The DJs were throwing out shirts, which made for some less than chivalrous displays. Kryoman made an appearance which was always fun. He grabbed a shirt from a girl in the crowd who happened to have attached her purse and threw it out to someone else. She got jacked by Kryoman. Overall, it was definitely a cheap excursion totaling maybe $40 for parking and a couple drinks. I would much rather pay double and be able to not worry about an overtan creeper dancing behind me or having to clutch onto my purse for dear life. Literally had to tell a few guys to back the f" off after they didn't listen to polite requests.
No words can describe this amazing place! My second home :) wowwwwwww Space cadets leggooooo
Do you like electronic music? Do you like a LOT of electronic music? Do you know someone who works here? Or, Are you willing to pay some good money to get in here? Do you want to stay up all night? Are you OK with feeling dirty afterward? Go to Club Space.
Well, after 3 years of not visiting this place, I'd say my review has changed from bad to worse. I went out to space last night, and yeah, the music is really good, but it's very ghetto now. Seriously, I have good music on Iphone via MOG & TuneinRadio app, and can listen to any DJ in the world I want LIVE - I go out to socialize and meet people, not put up with attitudes from doormen and girls who act bitchy all night. Yet women wonder why so many men are choosing foreign women over them....ya think? Maybe I should just stick to house parties in Miami - wait, nobody hosts those anymore unless its a college frat party full of kids. Fellas, if you go here thinking you'll meet cool girls to hang out and party with, forget it - go to Greece, Moscow, Brazil, even New York City, this place is full of pissy, validation-seeking club-goers. Fail. Ladies. Unless you are a true gold-digger, skip this place. NO lie, I heard a guy approach a girl with the line "I drive a Ferrari, wanna drink?" seriously? If that's what you want to hear all night, this place is for you. Personally, I think its pathetic how guys are creepy like that. Fail.
Great place for electronic dance music fans. Not exactly the classiest crowd you will encounter in the city. This place gets sketchy.
Read reviews and was uninspired to go but, locals said we want to be there and put us on the guest list. We walked in, no hassle except the guy who checked my id told me to wear heels or closed toe shoes next time. Around 11:45 the line moved fast. We get in, colorful lights, loud music,  and plenty of #space!! Dj's on first two floors we're jamming and we danced for about an hour.. why 4 stars? When you leave, take a shower and wash your clothes (cigarettes smoke everywhere). Also, if you're a drinker, do that before you go.. my buddy got a shot and a beer $23! Water bottle... $7! Those two aspects are the biggest downfall.. other than that, place was pretty big and filled with people but, just enough "space" to get your dance on! I'd go back! #myearsareringing
Hanging out with friends! Great DJ tonight! Amazing crowd and many beautiful women. Just try to get here early for a happy hour and if you like a table - reserve early as well
This place is less superficial then liv.  I recommend dressing urban style casual. It has 3 dance floors. Every one is on some type of drug, either molly or coke. It is $30 to get in $60 if there is an event.
Oh well, i have been coming here for over 10 years. Love this place. Just make sure you park, where there is light or lot guard or your car will be broken in to. Neighborhood sucks. But music is great
Went on a Friday and paid 30$ for cover. I'm from Chicago and I never pay cover as a female. It's in the middle of nowhere sketch area. The drinks were ridiculous. $11 a beer. Couldn't image how much vodka would be. And they charge you a service charge. Don't try and smuggle anything in cuz the pat you down. It's an 18+ club.... Everyone smokes just standing around even while dancing and just drops their cig on the floor. So gross. Not worth anything.
Best after hours club ever! Open from 6am-2pm which means you can literally party all night and party all day non stop! They book the most amazing Dj's and the vibes in here are great. Lots of dance floor space and lots of people here for the music. If you go to miami, you must hit up space!
Same review I left for Mekka...since these two places are like...clones?! Feels a bit odd leaving a review for the kind of place I don't like...maybe I should leave a tip instead...but it would be too long of a tip so...here it goes: STAY away...I don't want to give an anti-drug msg here...but you know you need to go to narcotics anonymous when you somehow end up there. Sorry I wish I was wrong...and I wish I didn't even know these two places (Mekka and Space) existed but HEY, if that's your thing...if you are an early 20something weekend warrior/junky not scared of coming out of the club completely in LA-LA land making friends with homeless ppl and face eating wackos that hang around downtown Miami 24/7 ... If that's you scene then go for it :)
Too underage people, Security members super rude and don't lose time amd money trying to get the "before 12 am" ticket, because you will wait a LOTTT in the line and probably will pay more "because you arrived late"
I LOVE Club Space. I've been going there for years and was a weekly regular at one point. It's an unruly beast, however, so to optimize your Club Space experience, consider the following. It is one of the most longstanding clubs in Miami and one of the best known clubs in the world. Yeah, they kinda ripped the name off Space Ibiza, but it's a minor offense so try to find it in your heart to forgive LP and his crew. You'll be glad you did. Your heart will flutter. Your mouth will salivate. You will begin to feel beads of sweat forming on your chest. Your body will pulsate with the bass, thumping through every fiber of your being. And you will have not even entered the club yet, because all that is just the anticipation you feel when crossing the threshold is imminent. You will hear Alan T. before you see him, but you'll know him when you do. Don't even try to beg a favor if you don't know him or aren't dressed in the chicest of fashions. You may catch a glimpse of the entertainment for the night: gorgeous go-go dancers made up in costumes dreamt up by the craziest of minds. As you get ready for your visit, consider the door policy. It is one reason why I love Space so much. The general idea is "come as you are." Wanna wear a hat? Ok. Sporting your college tee? Sure. Prefer to wear sneakers? Damn right! You better wear shoes because this place gets nasty. No door drama here, because if your money (or your credit) is good, you're welcome at Space. Yes, there can be a line, but it moves fast (WMC notwithstanding). Don't be an ass to the door staff. You don't know them, so don't call out to them, even if your cousin's babysitter's mother-in-law told you one of their names. They don't care. Wait your turn, do as you are told, and you will be given your chance. Don't complain about the entrance fee, because if you don't want to pay it, there are hundreds of other people who will. Know what to expect. This is a huge club with an extremely loud sound system and an exceptionally sophisticated lights and visuals show. It's dark and there's nowhere for you to sit unless you buy bottles. It's a DANCE club, after all, so give that a shot. Bring cash, because you will be served more quickly and you really don't want a bartender in a dark club holding on to your credit card (or worse, debit card) and ID anyway. Be nice to your bartender (and patient) and you will be served efficiently with strong drinks for a fair price. Don't bring anything dangerous, don't start shit with the bouncers, don't try to skip out on your bill, and don't even THINK about bringing illegal substances into the club. They are strict at Space because they are nightlife pros, and if you're just here to have a good time, that should make you feel more comfortable, not less. Space brings top DJs from all over the world, so figure out who's spinning at what time when you go. Go upstairs; the terrace is primo at sunrise, even as a solarium. The club has a 24-hour liquor license and will stay open as long as people are spending money. Those who complain about the prices at Space should consider for a moment what one month's FPL bill might look like at a warehouse that size. Or payroll taxes for the entire staff. Or, most of all, DJ fees for some of the biggest names in the world. Bottom Line: Space is the pinnacle of the megaclub in this country. You simply must go, at least once. A visit to Space is, and was designed to be, an experience.
When I saw the line outside of Space, I thought I'd been teleported to the Houston 500. No NASCAR fans there isn't a new race in Texas. I mean the racing themed adult video featuring 500 men and one very sore woman named Houston. The male to female ratio outside was roughly 10 to 1 because groups of ladies jet through the no-wait line. Their male counterparts had on more glitter and rhinestones than a Miss Teen USA contestant. I'm over 6 feet and could barely see over all the gelmets and fauxhawks. Luckily my former Mansion co-worker was manning the door and spotted me, otherwise I would've been waiting hours just to pay a cover that starts at $30. LOCATION: Space is aptly named, because you could easily land an Airbus A380, or have qualifying races for the Indianapolis 500 (not a gangbang) within it's walls. MUSIC: The second floor has a hip-hop room..read..tweekers on X grinding to urban music. If you're brave you can venture out to the patio but bring earplugs, because you'll hear more whistles than a World Cup Final between England and Germany. There's electro-house bumpin' on the first floor but I'm rarely in costume and fear having an epileptic attack from the sensory overload. I used Shazam to distinguish the 5 layers of drums, synthesizers and violins to get this tag -- Heavenly Insomnia by DJ Euro-Trash (Where's My T-Shirt Vocal Remix Feat. The Pill-Poppers) vs. Immortal Beat by The Dubble Technoscope (I'm Too Fatigued To Dance But I Can't Stop My Feet Radio Edit Feat. MC Guidolicious) Unfortunately that was my iPhone's last tag as it exploded as a result of being too close to the speakers during a crescendo. DRINKS: To help me understand the secrets to bar-tending at Space in 4 easy steps, I've enlisted the help of my friend, Jean-François the Mixologist -- 1. "Ça va? [what's up?] First take a 90ml [3 oz.] Fabri-Kal cup, it's my favorite because of the ribbed sides... 2. I take the ice I use to make my nipples stick out my mesh shirt and fill the cup like an Ibiza Techno Submarine. 3. Pour 30 ml [1 oz.] of jus [juice] and Face Rot Vodka, you know the kind you don't have to worry about a DUI...when your chin and esophagus are au revoir [gone]. 4. Garnish it with a slightly brown lime and slam it on the bar with a fierce look in your eye and voilà mon petit ami, a Space cocktail. Thanks for the lesson Jean-François but my dentist serves larger drinks with higher alcohol content when I'm getting a cleaning. I was hoping to emulate Lil' Jon and LMFAO in their party classic -- "SHOTS! SHOTS! SHOTS! EVERYBODY!" The bartender had a different tune stuck in his head. "DECLINED, DECLINED, DECLINED, LOOK EVERYBODY!" $13 + auto-tip gratuity for well vodka!? That's the same price as a 1.75L  plastic BOTTLE of the American made Russian vodka...Popov.  $56 for 4 drinks...long story short it's impossible to get buzzed at Club Space without the aid of Rohypnol, Xanax or a bottomless trust fund. I'll pass on a night out here but how do you know if it's right for you? 1 star: If you like to actually hear the song rather than have your organs rattled by thumping bass and prefer to drink at clubs. 5 stars: If you like bare-chested dancing, are completely deaf and just want to feel the music, or your closet looks like an Affliction retail store. Oh and try not to get killed while you're there -- blogs.miaminewtimes.com/…
Now this is what I thought a Night Club was supposed to be!  When the travel channel shows you the best party scenes around the world this is what I expected from Miami.  Not the stuffy, scuzzy and snooty pick up joints I've been finding for years. I've never been to a club with such a great atmosphere, crowd interaction great DJ's like Patrick M.   With a great sound system that sounds loud and CLEAR, an insane fog machine, great lighting system and a train horn going off as I walked in I was sure this was going to be interesting. Drinks... well you're at a night club in Miami.  Parking... I tend to drink more then I should so I took a cab.  Once you're in the club... Tons of fun with a lot of people there just to have fun! This is not a place to come have a drink and conversation while showing off your new... whatever you spent too much money on so you can brag about it.  This is a pure club and I'm coming back when I can stay until the sun come up!
Alright, I'm updating my review, because in the first one I was sort of bitter towards the club because something awful happened to me there, and I could have prevented it. So I'm going to rewrite it. I have been coming to the club since December, and I am a weekly regular. The Line: Come early, I cannot stress this enough. I personally like to get there 10:30-10:45pm, and they usually start letting people in around 10:45-11:00pm. After 11:30ish, the line gets really long normally, and you could be standing in it for an hour. They have an express lane sometimes, where you can pay 10-20 bucks to skip the line though. Don't be an ass to the door staff, they don't give a fuck unless your paying them. Dress Code: The dress code here is fairly casual/relaxed compared to south beach. Just don't look like you rolled out of bed, and you should have no problem getting in. Don't wear anything too crazy, and no hats for guys. NO FLIP FLOPS OR SANDALS! Age/Hours: It's 21+ for guys, and 18+ for girls. It opens at 11pm, and stays open til 3pm the next day. It's always a little slower until 2am, and when after hours starts around 4am, it gets packed, esp. the terrance. Club space is only open on Saturdays, they open other nights sometimes if there is a special event going on. Floors: The first floor is the hip-hop floor it stays open til 11pm-7amish I believe. The second floor first room is the techno loft, it stays open til 12am-11am. and the second room on the second floor is the terrance where they play the trance and it stays open til 1am-3pm. It's massive inside, also. Drinks/Cover Prices: Yes, drinks here are expensive, a bottle of water is 7 dollars, but that's how EVERY club in Miami is. Just be nice and patient to the bartenders and they will take care of you if you tip well. The cover is about average, if you get here before 12:30am and you know a promoter you usually can get in for free. But I believe before 12am, it's usually 20 bucks, and before 2am it's 30. Prices change depending on the event, but it's pretty cheap cover compared to a lot of clubs on the beach. They also serve liquor all night/morning/afternoon. It's always better to bring cash than to pay with a card because it takes a long time, but there has never been a problem with credit card scams here unlike some places we know *cough* mansion *cough* I don't care for the hip-hop floor because I feel like the Dj plays a lot of the same songs every week, and kind of bores me. But if you love house, techno, trance, this is the best club hands down. I prefer to go to space rather than the beach because it's close to my home, the people aren't as fake compared to South Beach. I guess it's more of a local vibe to me. Space is kind of a cock fest though, the guys here out number the girls by many, so ladies bring a couple friends. Not going to lie a lot of bad stuff goes on in the club, but you will be fine as long as you are smart and use common sense. ALWAYS have a napkin over your drink and don't trust anyone. Girls have gotten raped in here, and people have OD'd in here. So as long as you stick with your friends and try not to get separated you will be fine. Oh and there are lots of undercover cops in here to, so keep in mind. Space likes to copy Space Ibizia with the name and the closing schemes, but it's alright, I still love this club. So, that's why I decided to give space 5 stars, there is no other place like it. Best club in South Florida hands down.
**GIMME SOME SPACE!!** Space was no joke. $20 taxi ride from SoBe. Front staff was very friendly. Loved all the bouncers except ONE. You dickhead, you know who you are. Venue was spacious; people were dancing. It felt like a classy and refined rave. Came here on Saturday to see my favorite DJ, MARKUS SCHULZ, do his  WMC MARATHON SET in the Main Room. Nice loud speakers. Good treble and bass. The bar experience was strange. Drinks were $7 a pop. Fine. Paid with credit card. The bartender had me sign two sets of paper. One for the credit card transaction and another carbon set. Strange. Dancing at Space was awesome. It was hot and sweaty so occasionally we were treated with cold blasts of air. Thank you. The vibe was very friendly; met some really cool peeps. We left around 3:30AM. RECOMMEND for WMC events.
For me to review his club it really has to be broken down into two parts depending what type of person you are: Person A - If you're just a regular person that likes to have a good time, this place is worth checking out once in your life to say that you've been there and to lend an inch of street cred to your party loving friends.  On the negative, the place is overrun with scummy people and pure rif-raf.  Being there for an hour is more than enough.  Also, the cover at the door is usually $30-40 a night (it really starts at 6am).  It's one club that after going once, is something that you'll never race back to.  I've been there a few times and it reminds me of cross between Dante's Inferno and the opening scene of Blade. Person B -  You're a total party animal and love to do all or any hard drug on the market.  This is your place.  There's no way a decent human being can understand what do and go there for.  You'll love the other trippers and rollers there with HUGE DIALATED pupils..  You're right at home in Hell and you brought your sunglasses with you to bring in the sunlight and will be there until they kick you out.  Chances are you are already there every weekend and spend your whole week eagerly awaiting to return there.  If you are that person, you're just reading this laughing at everything written because you know I'm right and you're sooo that person!
"For the Sketchy and Harder-than-Hardcore Party-ers" Ohh Club Space, where do I begin? Parking:  Pay to park. Optional? Never! Did you happen to find that lucky free spot by a meter? Well get prepared to dish out a few bucks to the random guy who offers to "watch your car." Thanks sir! Just know a few bucks is never enough so you can go with the slick line of I'll pay you the rest when I get out of the club or the smartest/safest option is to pretend to not have any more money on you. Getting in: It's simple as pie, if it's really the place you want to be. It's free in you know a promoter and you can skip the line within moments (TURN BACK NOW! This is your last chance!!). Okay so you didn't turn back, now what? What to expect inside the club: Dark, vast room, packed to the point of waiting in line to get up to the next floor/room. Oh did I mention everyone is rolling? [*Side note: if this is what you're into...Space pays off the cops to not raid, so you'll be safe here.*]  This is the sketchiest club, make sure to hold onto whomever you're with because it's not a place where you'll be able to find anyone. I recommend kiddy leashes for everyone in the group.
I wish Miami had other after-hours spots to compare it to. If they do, I haven't come across them. From my understanding, Space is where people go if they don't live/party in South Beach, or, if they party in South Beach and want a place to hit up after-hours. I went on the premise of the latter. As expected, I saw a bunch of kids from previous clubs that I hit that night in South Beach. Only this time, their teeth were ground to the gums and their eyes were rolling in the back of their head. Make no mistake about it, kids that go here are serious about partying and I can guarantee you that the party would never be dry. Real serious.
In a word....gross. Went here for a show to hear a DJ I like spin, and they oversold so we were packed in like sardines. Sausage fest (not their fault on that tip though) and it was IMPOSSIBLE to get a drink. The bar was FILTHY (and I've been in some pretty nasty places), and they had bartenders that looked frazzled and incapable of handling ANY type of crowd. How much revenue did they lose that Saturday night because of inexperienced bartenders that couldn't keep drinks in patrons' hands? And they had the OLD SCHOOL credit card swiping thing going on, where they have to put your card down into a metal thing and slide the top across it. Where the f*ck am I??? 1987? If you wind up here, buy a bottle if you expect to consume libations.
Ahhhhhh I had such high hopes for this place! My friends and I were visiting Miami and we couldn't wait to close the first night here at Club Space in Miami. Supposedly it's one of the hottest nightclubs in the city! Without a doubt, they draw in a great lineup and it was nice to see all the EDM talent that was there that night. Unfortunately, there were some things that just brought me down...and here's why I gave it a two :( $50 MORE? - My friends and I already bought a $40 ticket and were gonna head in before 2:00 AM so they wouldn't charge us an additional $20 late fee. As soon as we get to the door, the bouncer goes "$50 bucks to get in." To my drunk stupor, I realized what was going on. So I politely asked the ticket lady "The website said $20 after two. Why am I being charged $50 more?" At least answer my question right? Well her brilliant  response was "It just is." Stupid lady I swear club employees think they have so much pull. But whatever we paid for it anyway. Lets just say I'm GLAD we drank like gods back at the house. Expensive Drinks - A friend of mine was being courteous and ordering us a round of drinks. What a bad, BAD idea! Two shots of Hennessy, a bottle of water...you'll never guess....$60!!!! WTF!!! It's cuz they add the gratuity FOR you...oh how nice of them! NOT! Oye...All I wanted was to get smashed and listen to some good jams but this place is totally a buzz kill. In the end we still had a good time. The club is nice and spacious, but be warned...it could get really packed, just like any other club.
Anyone from New York will understand me when i say this- Space is like the Exit or Webster Hall of Miami! If you love house music (which i do thoroughly enjoy but in small doses) then this is for you!  I feel like im at a rave!  Not that ive ever been to one and its not quite as intense as a real rave im sure but thats the best comparisson i have! There is no element of class.  Do not wate your time- please.
Aside from Ibiza, Spain..... #1 club central in the world..... you'll have to settle for second best in good ole' USA at Space, Miami.   First off, the sound system is riDICKulous... so is every other dick with prada schmada sunglassses, sporting a Christian Audigier tee-shirt with an unoriginal tribal tatt----  oops, i meant guy.  No, really, I meant that sincerely ... but you can take that as me hating if you want.  Take it whichever direction, I really don't care. Sometimes the wait can be ridiculously long.  I would recommend buying pre-sale tix and you'll be sure to get in fairly quickly, (unless you're there for WMC events, which you can count on at least a 45 minute wait with or without the pre-sale tix!)  The bigger hardship is getting upstairs to the terrace.  If you thought the outside line was long, you haven't seen the line to the terrace yet.  It's about a 2K capacity (smaller than downstairs) and the best DJ's always spin on the terrace, which makes US want to BE where they are in the am and throughout the pm if you are a real soldier!  DON'T ASK ANY QUESTIONS!! There is no time for thinking at that kind of hour. The crowd is partying as crazy as crazies can be.  Diverse, quite the friendly pack and not really bothersome.  The majority came to party, not to hit on girls.  This isn't hip hop after all... STRICTLY HOUSE MUSIC.  So if you're smart and crazy, be prepared to bring your sunglasses for the a.m. and rock it hard. :) definitely my favorite choice of venue in miami.  i heart space!
Legendary Space. "Take me to Space." My friend and I went on a road trip to Miami from the NW suburbs of Chicago. We arrived at our hotel at 1am...by the time we were showered and ready to go, it was 4am. We were set on going out, so we tried hitting clubs in South Beach. Most were closed, and the gentlemen (I use that term VERY loosely) on the streets were getting drunker and grabbier. We talked to a few locals and cab drivers and all told us to check out either Nocturnal or Space (Next to each other), so downtown we went. My friend asked the doorman when the club closes. "11am," said the little guy. My friend thought he was joking...he was not. $10 cover and in we went. The club wasn't too busy, and everyone we talked to said it was very strange for it to be that dead, and that more people show up when other clubs closed. My friend and I ordered a shot of Jose Cuervo...I believe it was $13. Kinda ridiculous. We were invited to the VIP, which didn't really look too exclusive or even that nice, save for actual places to sit. There is an air terrace, which looks up to...space. Heh. However, the whole place is lit up when the sun rises, and then it doesn't feel like you're clubbing anymore. All the darkness is gone. This place reminds me of a rave, especially as daytime reaches. I'm sure you could find drugs easily, as a lot of people were rolling very hard and dancing nonstop on the dancefloor. A lot of dudes. There is a little shot girl that runs around with Jell-o shots in syringes and would love to shove it in your mouth for you to choke on. Try one! They're either $6 or $7. We stayed until 8:30am and had a pretty good time hanging...but seeing how the club looks as daylight pours in it kind of sobering and feels weird. Would love to see how crazy it gets during WMC, though! I'd definitely come back for that.
This place is definitely one for the record books....that is, if you LOVE electronic music. It is one of my regular stops on my yearly WMC trip. Last time we got a table for 8 with 2 bottles. Our bill including tip was just under $2400. Since the the guy that fitted the bill owned the club I worked for, I had a great time. If it was that kind of cash out of my own pocket....SO NOT WORTH IT! But hey, it's the Conference and the reason we flock to South Beach every year!
If you want a total distastarious night in Miami...here's your place. I think this place is the size of a football stadium.  It's HUGE, great DJ's, I think Tiesto was there one weekend when I was down there but I missed him.   You can definitely have some rockstar moments at this place if that's your scene.  It's a MUST if you're into the serious partying/house scene or just looking for an intense night w/ lots of people and great music and light shows. GOTTA be in the mood for this type of thing though...you can't go halfway...you gotta go big or stay at the Clevander, haha.
Here's the thing...I'm sure this place is great but I can't attest to the atmosphere inside since my two girlfriends and I (for the weekend in Miami for my 23rd birthday, April 2013) could not get in. We arrived here late night on Saturday, around 2am after being at Mango's Tropical Cafe in South Beach. (For the record the cab ride from South Beach to downtown Miami - Club Space was about $16. Not bad.) The rude bouncer would not let us in because one of my girlfriends was not wearing heels, she had flat sandals on and the bouncers said they can't let her in because she is a LIABILITY. wtf! You shouldn't be discriminated from entry into a club because you are wearing FLATS! I tried begging then argued with the bouncer for 10 minutes but no luck. ALSO COVER CHARGE IS $40!!! and I'm glad we couldn't get it because I think that's a ridiculous price to pay just to enter a club...but is it downtown Miami and Space is supposed to be the best club in Miami and with the most famous, renown DJs so I shouldn't have been surprised. So if you are dying to see what the hype is about make sure you AND your GIRLFRIENDS look hot and you are wearing heels or you will not be let in!
I have been to Club Space a handful of times for special events and DJs. If you like good music and want to party until (or after) the sun comes up then you definitely should check out this place. I have not been to the hip-hop room which is downstairs so I can't comment on the music/atmosphere in that room. However, the techno loft and the terrace are both spacious and the sound system is really really good. The drinks are pricey but that is expected in most clubs in Miami. Some suggestions: -Go with a group of people and always stay close together -Buy your tickets online and get there early specially if it's a special event such as Labor Day weekend when they usually throw big parties. - Cover your drink with your hand/napkin. - Just be careful because this place is crazy!! - GIRLS : get ready for super long bathroom lines. Overall, it's a  good place to dance your bootie off and listen to some great music and just have fun! The reason why I give it 3 stars is because lately they have been charging more at the door even if you have bought your ticket online (even if it's 10 mins after the time on your ticket), and because I saw some pretty dangerous situations with barely no security involved.
Remodeled but regressed... This is probably the only club in Miami that place good trance/house music and is open late, however, only one day a week - Saturday. The bouncers are VERY RUDE! They like to pick on people, even girls, for whatever reason they like and not let them in. Last time I was there it was my birthday and I had a VIP and a bunch of birthday flyers for my friends. The security guard would not let me in because of my open toe shoes. He said they are not allowed in the club. I stepped back and watch him let in groups of girls one after another with the same open toe shoes. After I told him it was my birthday and that he was being hypocritical about the shoe policy (??!!), he still would not let me in!! This was until another bouncer joined in and decided to "cut me some slack"... EXCUSE ME??? The mood was spoiled.. but that was not all.. Upstairs, the terrace was guarded by another set of security on both sides who were blinding people with their flashlights, checking for another type (blue) bracelet. We with our birthday VIP only had one yellow bracelet and that was not enough to get into the terrace where the main DJ was playing... They wanted us to pay an additional $30-50 for that.. - -WHAATT?? Drinks were $14 for vodka tonic and bartenders often didn't have change... so they just pocketed whatever they owed us as their tips.. with the "sorry..."... - WOW, really??? Whoever owns this club needs to seriously clean the house. Until then, I don't think I'm going there again...
My poor ears! I'll be deaf by the time I hit 50.  Working in Hollywood every weekend for oh 3+ years and my ears are used to loud music for hours, but I stepped out of Space this past Friday for PVD and my ears wouldn't stop ringing!! Great sound system made for even greater music. The music was pretty amazing, 3rd/4th time seeing PVD and he has yet to let me down. The terrace is the place to be until the sun starts to come up.  Then you flee like vampires to continue on with your night..if you get there later in the night supposedly they wont let you up. The downstairs is just like an other massive club..so many people it was hard to get around...I didn't even want to use the restroom. Pro: Serving alcohol all night so that the party never stops. Con: Ringing ears. WMC 2009!! .love.
After reading the reviews on here, and at the recommendation of some really cool people I met during my stay in Miami last weekend, (09/24/11) I decided to go to Space. First off, you can literally hear this club from two blocks away in your car with the windows rolled up!  I love that.   After parking around the corner at the sketchy-looking $5 parking lot (it turned out to be ok) I arrived alone, and got in the massive unorganized line full of mostly dudes with enlarged pupils waiting to get inside around 4:15am. Made it past the intimidating door guys with just an ID check.  No obligatory full cavity search that I've grown accustomed to in NYC, Chi-town or Detroit.  $20 cover.  Not too shabby.  Cash only.  Long line at the lone ATM at the entrance. So far, all that I've read about the size of the place and the sound system is true.  The place is ENORMOUS!  The sound system was amazing! Lower floor was standard run of the mill Hip-Hop.  (Yawn!)   Second floor was a large dark room called the Techno Loft with an awesome sound system with music more my speed.  I forget who was spinning, but as someone into funky MINIMAL techno, (Ben Glock, Monoloc, Paco Osuna, Richie Hawtin) I wasn't really impressed.  It sounded more like an electro/progressive house mash-up.  Anyway, I managed to dance whenever the mood struck.  Even though it was packed (at past 4am !) I still found room to dance. I made friends with some people from London and Madrid who were really cool and also there for the first time. My new friends invite me to chill with them.. so we all head over to the Terrace Room on the same level of the Techno Loft.  OMG!!!!!!  HUGE!  PACKED!  HOT!  The nitro blasts were a god-send. Anyway, I decide to buy my new friends some bottles of water and a Red Bull for myself.  5 bottles of water.  One SMALL can of Red Bull.  $42.00  PLUS..... $8.00 gratuity automatically tacked on to my credit card.  Grand total... $50.00 (!!!!!!!!!) $8.00 gratuity for handing me bottles of sealed water and a small paraplegic can of un-opened Red Bull.  Seriously?? PROS:   Sound system Layout Friendly people Vibe CONS:   Unreasonably priced drinks Unorganization with line outside Cash only entry Smoking is allowed EVERYWHERE (I went back to my hotel smelling like an ashtray. Yuck!) All in all, I'd DEFINITELY go again..  but like others have said, I'll be sure to pregame before I go.
This club was ghetto fabulous. I felt like an anthropologist observing a giant breeding ground for dirt bags. I have only been there once and I might have just gone on the wrong night. I'll go to clubs in ghetto areas like Vagabond since it is only bad outside and you are safe once inside. Space is bad inside and out.
Ick. This place is not the same as it used to be a few years ago. For some reason (I still can't fathom why) a group of my friends suggested we go here late for some dancing this past Saturday. Ok, I can keep up with the drug head dancing and have some good clean fun, so why not? Bad idea. Getting in was not hard, everyone was pushing and if you are a girl its pretty easy. My first sign was the characters waiting outside to get inside. I went ahead and got my pepper spray ready. We go inside to the first dark room, not too much going on there but some hardcore techno and some lonely dancers. We are trying to get to the rooftop. Finally we make it there. It is pretty packed, and the music was, ok. A little on the hardcore side. So we start to dance, its fun, we've had some drinks. I start to notice a circle forming around us of men looking like cheetas ready to pounce on prey. Immediately grossed out. So, lets move. Another group, inching closer and closer as we try and have our own fun time, now starting to invade my space. So, I decide that my 5" heel might have to slip on someones toe. 1, 2, 3 down and the circle has seemed to disappear. After relentless harassment from the grossest men, we just decided to leave. AWFUL. The best is that the taxi cabs outside wouldn't take us back because it wasn't far enough. No taxi would take us downtown, except for $30. Peace out, we'll walk.
I came to Space the last night of Ultra. We bought our tickets ahead of time so we didn't have to worry about payment a crazy cover to get in. For some reason I imagined Space to be huge, but it was just a normal size. Maybe because we were only allowed to be in the Terrace. There were lots of people, but not so much too the point where you can't move. We only ordered one round of drinks. For a long island & a cran-vodka it costs $32. Ouch! I could get a whole bottle of grey goose for that. Luckily we drank alot before so we didn't have to spend alot on drinks. The best party of the night was the bathroom attendant. Apparently she thought I was some crazy girl that was there the night before. Well she liked me so much that she let me use the "vip" bathroom stall (I'll post a pic), so i didn't have to wait in line. We left around 2:30am, since we had to catch an early flight. I wanted to stay here til the sun came up so see what all the craziness was about.
I finally got the chance to visit this club last night after a concert at the AA arena, and I had a great time! The cover was $20, which is a standard Miami club rate, and although the place was packed it did not take long to get inside. Usually there are always the long lines that wrap around the building, but this place seems to have a pretty effective system to keep the flow. The interior is huge, consisting of multi-level rooms. We hung out on the terrace and danced all night long. The music was hot, the crowd was hip, and the visuals were fun. Of course the drinks are overpriced, but I expect that of every club in Miami. I had enough to drink at the show, so my main goal was to dance and enjoy the music. I definitely love the fact that this place is open extremely late. I can't wait to come back with my friends again!
Showed up early as suggested ..no issues there. Note they were going over loud speaker saying sandals /flip flops for guys and girls alike = no entry. We had to wait in the hip hop room for an hour waiting for the terrace to open and unfortunately the beat was the same for the whole hour we stood there. No mix ups. No change up.  Nothing. Same beat on repeat. Let me add that it wasn't even a good one at that! Was hoping for bigger and better things on the terrace but unfortunately it was the same lame repetitive beat but maybe a few octaves higher. Too many people swinging their lit cigarettes all over the place it was a wonder I didn't get burned! Maybe I'm just a snob when it comes to what I dance to but you can only take the same song for so long.   Drinks were moderately priced for Miami I guess, minimal wait for beverages and the bathroom so they get two stars. Wasn't worth the 30 mile drive from Fort Lauderdale though I'll tell you that! Ended up leaving two hours before our meter expired we were that bored! And on a side note it seemed to be the hipster hangout!! Fake eyeglasses everywhere!!!!!
Paul Van Dyk is legendary. Space is legendary. During my fifth WMC, it's about time I saw the two together. Overall, rather impressed. Three massive rooms, including an open air terrace on top. Expedited entry for those with hard tickets (yours truly), plenty of bathrooms, friendly bartenders. Sound system was crisp and powerful, and the visuals, while subtle, complemented the overall design nicely. Dug the air horn, especially since the DJ controlled when it went off. And when you've got PvD spinning epics like Home, We Are One, Nothing But You, We Are Alive and Time Of Your Life, the horn went off early and often. As it should.
Space is the the nightclub for serious club kids and those who take electronic music to heart. In a huuuuuge warehouse venue in downtown, Space has seperate areas for 2 types of music: electronica on the main floor and the upstairs terrace for the hip-hop/dancehall/reggaeton crowd. As far as its reputation goes, the main floor has a serious sound-system, you know when you walk by the speakers, and your entire body vibrates with the sound? Awesomeness. Just be aware that if you show up before 1AM, this place is nearly empty.  Now, let me outline the reasons why I like this place: 1. It's not a meat market environment. Guys and girls can dance, however, they want, and nobody's gonna try to put the grind on you. Plus, people give you room to dance here. 2. It's probably the closest thing to Ibiza you'll get in Miami. 3. Big names, acts...it seems like Paul Van Dyk  drops by here a few times a year and fuhgettabout what its like during the Winter Music Conference. 4. Diverse crowds...you got your Eurotrash, your New York club kids, your Miami locals, and other tourists in the mix. If you want to see more photos and get entrance for free passes, visit cooljunkie.com/miami
This place is...a trip. Ridiculously expensive, over-crowded, kinda skanky? Yet....somehow fun? We had no problem getting in (other than the minor problem I had coughing up that much money for the cover). Drinks were so expensive they made me wish I'd done more serious pre-gaming. Still, I wanted to see what it was to live the Miami club experience and I feel I've accomplished that goal. So, want to party like eurotrash under a highway overpass? Space is the place.
The name says it all.  There sure is a lot of space.  Its a very dark and big warehouse with very sad decor.  Its in downtown Miami...so a lot of the locals go there in just jeans and a tank top....very far from an upscale club.  Its basically the "Just turned 21" crowd. luckily, we got in for free, and got VIP.  VIP sucks over there...all it gets you is free watered down drinks of vodka or Gin.  Sure, you'll take what you can get right?  The bar tender was terribly RUDE and when he passed us those PREMADE and sitting out vodka-cran drinks he had the nerve to say "Now dont make me pissed off girl, you better hook us up!"  Are you freakin kidding me!  There was basically no alcohol in those "VIP drinks" so we had enough sense to walk away with out tipping =P They played house on the very spacious bottom floor and hip hop on the 2nd floor.  The DJ was wack on the Saturday night we went and you could tell cause everyone was basically standing around. Unless there's some big event going on...or a good DJ is on that night...DONT WASTE YOUR VACATION TIME HERE!
A true stay up all night and get blown out of your mind type of club. Stepped into the club at 2 A.M. and did not leave until 8 A.M. on WMC weekend. The DJ rocked all night long and the sound system had my ears buzzing well into the next day.  The drinks are great and being served until 7 A.M. was a real delight for this California kid (I hate California liquor laws). Great crowd to party with and most people stepped out of the club and headed to the beach to spend the day recovering for the next night.
Why are all the girls sucking on lollypops and who is Molly??? I don't understand!!! Kidding, kidding but if what I described is your scene then by all means go to Space. For all the glitz and glamor that is Miami Club Space caters to a more diverse crowd. Now this by no means says you will escape the ridiculous prices, long lines, cover, pretentious fake people, and horribly rude bouncers that you will find all over this city. What all the negative reviews have to understand in my opinion is that this is Miami so you will have to deal with a lot of crap which is why I don't really go to Miami often. Been here twice and both times paid I think at $20 or $40 cover and got a drink or two (do massive pre-gaming before hand) because of the prices. Both times were intense, the sound system, lights and music selection are fantastic if you are in the EDM scene and the fact that it plays music into the early morning is another added plus. My best experience here was the last time I visited Miami and chose to go here on my last night. Partied till 6 am and forgot that I had a 9 o'clock flight. Rushed out of the bar, into a cab, got my stuff, went to the airport and stuck out like a sore thumb (drunk kid in semi-club attire). Worst plane ride ever but it was so worth it.
Crazy fun medium-sized club.  Lots of friendly people, great atmosphere and I enjoyed seeing one of my fave DJ's Ferry Corsten here for his WKND CD Release Party the Thursday before Ultra. And the last day of Ultra, my fave DJ Armin Van Buuren was playing here as well. (I didn't come to see him, though. I needed sleep badly by then. Haha.) It was really cool watching the lights and animations and seeing the fog fill the room. What wasn't cool was having my feet cramp up from the heels I was wearing. I was in so much pain, I had to sit on the floor for a bit and wait for the pain to go away. But Ferry is one of my fave DJ's so I made myself get up and just sway to the music. Lol. My feet started hurting again so I gave up and just took off my shoes and sat again on the floor. Haha. The cleaning guy and some other dude saw me and were concerned about me. They probably thought I was on something. Lol. There were two options of DJ's, so Ferry was in the main room indoors while another guy was playing in the terrace outdoors. It cost two separate prices so coming in was a bit confusing. I was waiting in line for the wrong DJ. I had prepurchased tickets for before midnight (cost $40), but I arrived after 2am, so the bouncer told me to go all the way back outside and then the staff out there looked at my ticket and told me to go back inside to pay. The bouncer told me to give the paper to the lady in the window who told me to pay $40 more, then gave me a stub and a receipt and told me to give these to the bouncer. Pretty confusing process, if you ask me. Why not just have the people at the front to look at the prepaid ticket and make you pay right there so you don't waste your time in confusion bouncing between bouncers and staff? I don't get it. Also, they were pretty strict. No glowsticks allowed at all. And no giant styrofoam LED things from Arkadia. (I suspect they didn't allow those because it said in big letters ARKADIA. Haha. It must be like walking into the Budweiser Tours carrying a Corona in your hand.) Wow, why take away all the fun? Despite this, I'll still come back to Space for the big names and I want to check out the terrace next time.
I was In South Beach, Miami just about a month ago for a 19 man bachelor party. To my luck, it was Space's 9 yr anniversary the weekend I was in town. Robbie Rivera, Sultan, Cedric Gervais, Oscar G., Patrick M., and Louis Puig would all be there killing it and there's no way I would miss an opportunity to hit this legendary venue.   After reading all 30+ Yelp reviews online, lol, I had a good idea of when to go to the club, what kind of music would be played, the type of crowd to expect, and an overall sense of the madness I would experience. All I knew is that I missed Space in Ibiza when I was there in 06' and had since regret it so much because of Space's reputation for deep and dark 24hr zoo-esque house jams.   When I entered Space around 3am I was waiting outside for maybe 5min, I expected a much bigger line up because of the anniversary, but the rush came probably around midnight. I would say 2-4am is a good time to go.  Cover was also only $20 to get in, but prior to hitting Space I heard it could cost up to a $100 to get in on that night. When I walked into the main floor I was shocked to learn that the first floor main room was all hip hop and reggaeton, I thought there was a room designated for it but not an entire floor! It was definitely jumping when I got there and packed on that floor. But I didn't come here for that. I walked towards a bouncer and mouthed the word "House", he grinned and pointed towards a set of stairs. I now know these stairs as the Stairway to House Heaven. As I climbed higher and higher, the dark minimal and deep tech vibes began to resonate and grew louder with each step. I turned the corner at the top and into the main house room I went. From that point on I was pretty much floored by the caliber of music consistently until I left. The system was as loud as I had expected, and the room was as dark as I had imagined. Initially, my main concern was getting to the terrace as I heard the lineups were massive and it got packed early. I knew I had to get out there because it was so legendary, as is the Terrace at Space Ibiza. I was surprised to find that I never had to wait in a line once to get out to it, I was able to move freely back and forth between the main room and outside with minor traffic.   The Space Terrace is something else. I've done my fair share of sunrise partying but this Terrace was all together a different vibe. Equipped with blinding fog machines, gorgeous Space dancers, a wild crowd, DJ's spinning straight bananaz, the Terrace was out of control! At one point it began raining a bit and barely anyone had left the Terrace, it was in fact quite refreshing from the Miami heat. The music all morning was completely mixed and very good. I distinctly remember hearing a remixed to sh!t Paul Van Dyke - For an Angel mix when we first got there, never thought I'd hear that in a club again. The rest of the music was a good mix of banging tribal, minimal, tech, electro, progressive, deep house and fusion. I, personally lust the dark & grimy minimal tech and tribal style house, and the main room in Space was constantly overflowing with it. I couldn't believe I was actually hearing such quality music. The only other place in the world where I've heard such good music is at Zone in TO.  To top it all off, Space has a 24hr liquor license, ordering rum and coke at 9:30am is something else.   Arguably the best club I have ever been to in my life.
WAY overcrowded. We went to see Paul Van Dyke and paid $60 a head to get in..and we could barely move, much along DANCE to the music so that was way crappy. I understand they wanna make $$, but come on, charging that much to get in and they overcrowd the place so that it's not even enjoyable. i don't even know if it was SAFE! we would have been in big trouble had there been a fire! The club itself was huge with different rooms and upstairs to hang out in.  Upstairs was playing hip hop that night and wasn't crowded at all, so we ran up there a few times to get some air and sit down.   All in all, only the music was impressive.  Bartenders took forever, lines were too long, overcrowded, and too expensive.
Have been here two other times while in Miami.  Had a blast then.  Not this time.   Went on a Friday & paid $25 to have to wait to go upstairs in a mob of people pushing to get through the door that was guarded by a bouncer.  When I did arrive upstairs, it wasn't even crowded.  Towards the end of the night I had an angry bartender throw out my drink after signing for it because he said I was "rude".  I wasn't expecting the v.i.p. treatment but that has to be the worst experience I have ever had at a club and I have wasted the better part of my twenties clubbing. No joke! Lol.  The good thing is I wasn't charged for the drink that was thrown out.  But, I did not get to speak to a manager when I asked to in regards to the incident.  And no it doesn't make sense to charge $13 for a rum & coke and $14 for a long island. If I wanted to pay to be treated this badly, I would go to an S&M club! Lol. Only spend $25 if you are going to see a world famous dj & buy your tickets on-line to avoid the longer line.  And drink before going there, so you don't have to buy the overpriced drinks they offer.
I came here for Markus Schulz during Miami Music Week...at first when my friends and i entered the room he was playing in we were like "omg...it is definitely TOO SMALL to hold all of Markus Schulz's fans. surely we're all going to suffocate in half an hour or so when it's completely packed" (ever since EDM blew up a few years ago, i've noticed that most venues become a complete clusterfuck during dj shows) and we were dreading the moment....but it never came! MAJOR PROPS to crowd controller (seriously - i've never seen a club hosting a popular dj managed to be at such perfect capacity), ventilation system, lights guy, and sound system. it was hands down the best experience of the entire week. you can tell the owner actually cares about creating a great space (pun intended! ha!) for electronic music and not just making $$$. on top of that, it feels like a NICE club - a lot of EDM clubs tend to be on the grimier side...I was surprised by how upscale Space feels. loveeee it!
Hmmmm my feeling for SPACE is very mixed... I've definitely had amazing nights of dancing here. It's not once, but many times... however for the last few times I've been, the lines outside and the politics of getting in has been little too much... Plus, the day of Halloween 2010, they over priced letting people into the second floor etc, etc,,,, one more thing about the Halloween night, they played really terrible music when the night supposed to get better after 2a.m... I only go there to dance, so it was tough just looking pretty in my costume...
I'm not sure where to begin on this one. I guess I'll start with my first visit. I was at another club a few miles north from here when they closed this other club @ 5AM. My friend and I still had ants in our pants for more music and dancing. My friend and I had been in this same situation before. We had discussed on going to space before but never had gone. We were not sure what kind of music they played there. All we knew is that we had seen a construction flashing sign on the inter coastal when you head to the beach that read "SPACE OPEN TILL 10am" O-something like that. So we decided to head to Space this time. It must have been around 5:45 AM when we walked up the stairs. When I saw hundreds of people going ape shit on the dance floor at this time of night. I said Holy Mother of God you do not have to die to go to Haven. I could not believe I had been missing out on this. All the bar's where all open serving alcohol. I felt right at home. This place is huge in every way. The sound system is very loud but perfectly clear sound. This is huge compared to other clubs. Plenty of bars and bartenders. The dance floor is huge. The rest rooms are big. Even the fricken smoke machine is huge. The upstairs is really on the roof and you are technically outside. However when they hit the smoke machine there is smoke for around 45 seconds where you can't see your hand in front of you. I truly think the axes of the earth moves a hair on Sunday mornings here. Especially when there is an international DJ spinning. The floor moves up and down. You do not have to worry about time here. If you are a DJ you do not have to worry about having enough time to play your true set that's not an issue in this club. If you go to party you do not have to worry for last call or the place closing down on you in the middle of your good times. This place was designed and catered to go full thrust and have a good time. I'm now a regular and love this place. They recently fully covered the terrace with clear awnings and air condition the terrace. If you like to party, dance and have a few drinks you will have a good time here. Oh I almost forgot the music is house. Something you have to experience at least once.
Located in the ghetto streets of downtown Miami This place is insane. It only gets good around 5 AM. Just imagine that. The cover is usually 20 dollars unless they have a special DJ spinning. This club is not for amateurs. There is 3 rooms, downstairs where they play Hip Hop, then upstairs where there is a Electronic room, and The Terrace where shit goes down. I partied here at least a 100 times staying up all night and everynight was worth it. Make sure you bring your sunglasses, and some extra cash because your going to need it!
I was here for WMC so I was there to see live DJ's and be with a crowd of druggies. I'm not a druggy myself but all my friends love to come here during WMC week so I always join them. We always come in at 2 am and leave at 9 am. The party seems to never ever stop. The sound in every room is amazing, the terrace which is where the whole Miami club space vibe is at was soo fun. You can see the stars at night and as the morning breaks in with sunrise. This is my second year going, although I am not much of a house dancer, I loveeee the music so I did enjoy it but what can you do for that many hours sitting and not doing drugs..not much! I dont recommend it for those of you who arent House fans or Jersey shore people fans ( so many guidos or gorrillas, whatever they call them)  most music is underground so its that constant same beat with maybe one word in 2 hours.. lol In general, if you are a house fan this is the BEST party you will ever encounter during WMC week. If I could only party here with music that I actually liked to dance to,  I would want to be here every single weekend.. I definetly want to come back on any given week that isnt for WMC.. I will be back with my dancing shoes.
This place was absolutely surreal. We went for a friend's birthday and since she is a bartender and didn't get off work until 5am we ended up meeting her at about 8am. So granted we knew it was going to be interesting. I couldn't believe how busy it was! Go go dancers, smoke machines and a crowded dance floor. Amazing. Also the crowd overall had a great vibe and everyone was super laid back and friendly. Although going clubbing at 8am is not my usual scene this place was a blast and I would definitely check it out again! Note: make sure you come dressed appropriately even if you are there on a Sunday afternoon. No slip flops etc. or they won't let you in and you will have wasted a trip.
I have had many a drunken night at Club Space. It is a really fun club but it does tend to get pretty packed. The club is 2 floors, with the first floor consisting of house music and the second floor is a Hip Hop room. I have found myself spending most of the time upstairs because there is only so much house music I can take before wanting to switch to something else. The club is really big and it's cool to wander around and bounce back and forth. Drinks at Club Space can be a little on the pricey side but no more than most other clubs in Miami. If you're used to paying $10+ for a drink then the bill shouldn't come as much of a shock to you.
The club is very big yet there's always enough people in there for it to never feel empty... It's probably one of the hottest dance clubs in Miami. I have always had a good time whenever I went there with my friends. There are 4 different rooms and 2 floors, and in each room there's a different type of music playing so you shouldn't have a difficult time finding music that you like. They also had professional dancers dancing on platforms and in glass rooms every time I went so it's pretty cool. Indoor decorations are amazing too. I spent my New Year's Eve at Space this year and did the count down and everything... open bar before midnight and they handed out free New Year headbands and other party favors! Some of my friends celebrated 4th of July at Space and said it was tons of fun too so I think celebrating holidays there in general is typically tons of fun!
UGH. So I have yet to have a good time at this place. I like going there early cause I find that paying $20 to get into a club like Space is ridiculous (and i'm a girl so why in the world would i pay to get into a club like that). This is the tricky part. "Yayy we're in early, time to dance." NOPE. The terrace and the loft both play the same SUPER OBNOXIOUS tech house. Why do I have to be punished like this? I love house music and I love EDM in general, just not tech house. I'd rather party in an elevator with their choice of soundtrack. To listen to that for hours before the good music comes on is just torture. I've had times where I get in, stand around for a little bit and then decide to go because I feel like i'm losing my mind.  I have yet to go to after hours but i'm down to go just to experience it. I don't really rely on drinking at the club whenever I go (i prefer to drink before and hope for the best) but I buy a few drinks when i'm there. Nothing too special, $12 for a blue long island that will have you on your ass by the 3rd one. Overall, don't really recommend it but if you're out of options go for it. Also, parking is semi-across the street under the overpass. Always $10 and it's never super full.
Where else can you party all night, Who care if your partying with hood rats and recently released ex cons. Your in Miami B**th
First of all: when people complain about overpriced drinks and expensive cover in MIAMI during SPRING BREAK and WMC they need to visit Detroit instead! Of course water costs $7 a pop, and shots are $30 for two. It's very simple:If we keep paying it, it's considered acceptable. Not that it 'technically' is, but you're paying to see some of the hottest DJs in the world under one roof, at 24 hr clubs(Dwntown Miami). Space is one of my favorite clubs of all time. I've heard some of the best DJs, had some of the best experiences, and met some of the craziest people. When you want to let loose, and pretend that you are the star of your own dance show: Space is the place to be because no one gives a #@$%! So, whomever had a bad experience: Either you went on a night when none of the DJs possibly played ANYTHING your style or your just not Space's style. See, it's very simple!
If you can get over the I-wear-my-sunglasses-at-night crowd, this club can be a lot of fun. They have a great sound system, draw great acts and always manage to keep the temperature comfortable inside (I really appreciate that). I especially enjoy the terrace. However, the layout leaves much to be desired and the drinks are quite expensive. Granted, the drink prices are pretty typical for clubs in the area, but that doesn't make them any less of a rip off.
NYE 2010 - first time here. Yes, it was open bar and the drinks were diluted but paying for drinks wasn't too bad because this place pre-sold $20 tickets. NYE for $20, in Miami? What??? I have not gone to Europe but in my opinion Space does a pretty awesome job for a legitimate venue in capturing that rave vibe. Most of that has to do with the place being open until forever (lines for this place 40 deep at 8 am)! When I went, the first floor (with the Times Square broadcast) was doing hip-hop/top 40 and we were there until the ball dropped. Then after the celebration, I got kinda tired of the music and went upstairs, and was like "Whoa now this is what I was expecting" - and more. That communal feeling, of being around those same people for the last 6 hours and you don't even need to say a thing because those people look at you and you look at them and you have this shared feeling and experience, and even some small gesture between two people can make those hours so special. It's a feeling that has never come to me at any other legit space. I'm not saying it's for everyone. Maybe it could just be the X kicking in. Prog/minimal house inside and more trancey/world house stuff outside on the terrace. Love it when the Latin feel comes in to the music, the crowd is totally hip to that in Miami. DJs were killer - if you're into house music, they don't do it much better than here. There was a point where both the outside and inside switched to the same music - love that kind of "one vibe" feel. Beautiful people everywhere. Definitely saw some people who had been to the Phish concert that night - in addition to the regular Miami mix  - and that was a nice mix. The service was decent, prices not too over-the-top for the event. The bathrooms get pretty sick pretty fast - it's a funny mix of being posh yet covered in piss. People know how to party in this town, definitely this is no different even though it's not on the Beach. Mention this to a local and more than likely you will get that "ohhhh, yeah Space" and have that grin where you know they're thinking "I remember at Space when... and it was awesome" Bring your sunglasses. You definitely want to catch the sunrise here.
A wretched hive of scum and villainy. And I love it. If you are looking for a glamorous, expensive, classy time you will be disappointed. If you are looking to be surrounded by a strange but interesting selection of chemically-enhanced people while you dance the night away to genuinely awesome music in a very spacious club, come here. I came during MMW/ultra, stayed for like seven hours, was sober the whole time and had a blast. There was an excellent variety of music, even in the downstairs room (which seems to have a rep as the less prestigious or "ghetto" room) and I was never bored. I appreciated that, unlike many Miami clubs, the line outside was fair and everyone waited their turn to get in. It took a while (it was ultra after all) but there was no bullshit popularity contest like at liv or mansion and the bouncers were courteous and helpful. Then a couple days later they emailed me a coupon for free entry as a thank you for being a customer. Bottom line: loved it, will be back.
The first time I came here was with a few friends. We got there around 12 and got a table between the 5 of us about $100 each and another $120 for drinks. By Miami standards, not ridiculous...but still what was I thinking??? Anyway, I got in and it's a pretty decently laid out club with multi-levels with all different types of music. The girls are attractive and the ratio isn't bad. Anyway, the table is nice, but it's roped off in a separate area. So I decide to go out among the commoners, talk up a few girls and invite them to our table...nope, I'm stonewalled by the bouncer for the tables. Jigga what? I ask him why not later, and he says "If you scratch my back, I scratch your back." WTF? I didn't drop $220 to have to bribe someone to enjoy my own damn table. I still had a fun time, but what a total pain.
Came here on a Saturday night and from what I remember, it was a $30 cover. I walk in, INCREDIBLY loud music - possibly the loudest club I've ever been into. Felt like I was in the very front row of a concert. I honestly couldn't hear a thing the next day. Anyways, drinks were fairly priced (for Miami, that is), which ranged from $7 to $15. The main reason why I came here was because they were one of the few clubs open until 10-11am that night (or should I say day). I was staying in South Beach at the time, and was kind of hesitant going to Downtown Miami, thinking it'd be far, but it wasn't that far at all (about a 15 minute drive). Good music, but mainly hip-hop (which I don't mind), along with some club music. You can also smoke inside, including while you're on the dance floor - which is a plus for smokers like me. If I'm ever in Miami again, I probably wouldn't come back, unless it's already 4am and want to continue drinking.
If the previous reviews about Space seem weird to you or don't make any sense, then Space at 5-6AM (during afternoons when it gets bumpin) probably isn't the place for you. Expect ridiculously long lines during headliner events, but also expect to have an awesome night, morning, and day.  I've been to Space a few times already and have to say that of all the clubs in downtown Miami and South Beach, Space is probably the most fun. The terrace on the top floor is a definite experience for anyone who loves house or trance music.  You don't get much of a view, but it is a pretty breathtaking experience to be out on a Sunday morning with people who've been there all night (and probably will be there the rest of the day).   And as a side note, i couldn't feel any of my limbs after dancing until 10 in the morning.
Club Space is a guaranteed good time If you like house/techno/etc and love to dance! The staff is actually friendly and they treat people like guests, not dog sh*t like the doormen do in South Beach clubs. A bottle of Goose w Redbull is a reasonable $400 which includes tax and grat. There is a huge, fabulously decorated outdoor terrace that opens up at 3:30 am for the insomniacs, a hip hop room downstairs, and an indoor techno room. Space is the Place!!!!
Space is a real US clubbing institution.  Unfortunately that doesn't translate to quality in 2008.  Though come WMC time if I feel like dealing with a rude staff, overpriced drinks, long times, just to see a great house DJ play a sunrise set on La Terrazza it's sometimes worth it.   _C$
This place is insane.  Lot's of loony bin babies high as kites...  but still lots of fun. I've been here several times... they always have the absolute best house music. You feel it on the tips of your fingers as the bass thumps around you... It does draw in alot of the beach crowd, so this isn't really a locals hangout.   Still fun none theless
This really is a huge massive club. The lights and dancers and everything will have you enthralled. I've been there like 4 times but never met anyone except friends, but I met friends from other states at weird times so it was cool.  Too busy and loud and crazy to be a pick up spot really. The hip hop room is different but I never spent much time in there. Anyway must go there it's one of the hugest clubs in Miami...
I have only been here during WMC and have seen Tiesto, Paul van Dyk, Sander, and Deep Dish here.  I even saw Diddy here while Deep Dish were spinning....Party All the Time was the song playing....I will never forget that moment.  WOW! AWESOME!   The ventilation is great, the people are awesome, and the memories will last forever.  The few times I went here, I ran into people from the SF Bay Area...such a small world.  Electronic music really does bring people together.   When you are in Miami, be sure to drop by...you won't regret it.
If you are looking for a place to really have fun, meet new people and dance to the best music in Miami... this is it! Best sound system, best lights, best dj's, amazing team, and really good service! Huge place with 3 Dance Floors pumping at the same time
I was a regular for a bit. If your into edm and want an inexpensive place to get your shuffle on this is it. It can get packed when there's a good dj and there's no room to dance but its a chance you take. Dress code is not super strict I got in with flats a bunch of times but you usually need heels to get in. Most Saturdays you can get in on someone's guest list free of charge if its not a ticketed event. The terrace is always bumpin, my favorite room since it has nos ;)
in 2 words... NEVER AGAIN doesn't seem like being 21 or even 18 is a requirment to get into this club... i was surrounded by children who were all awkwardly looking at each other wondering if they can get away with ordering a drink with their fake ids.... the girls were wearing mini dresses and flat combat boots... WHEN DID THIS BECOME A FASHION TREND?!?! ugh... i just hated it.
Just ok. Second floor music is good electro/edm. Everything is average so i guess its fine to go check it out comparing to all the other shitty places that you might end up at in Miami but don't expect anything special
Ok.. Space Nightclub hands down is the best afterhours/Post 3am nightclub on the East Coast. The only club that could have held a candle to this legend maybe the Old Crobar Space in nyc. It attracts a diehard following of young and old house music lovers alike.This is the place to go to hear your favorite dj when in Miami, nothing can compare, it is the mandingo of nightlife when in south Florida. Everyone takes a taxi to this place, located in Downtown Miami, (one of the shady and dangerous areas in Miami) its always an experience trying to downtown, consider it a miracle just getting to the club safely. Usually there is always a huge line outside of this place. The whole block in fact is a total Sh*t show. Three other clubs dot this block and cars slowly creep past the clubs with revelers usually hanging out the side windows. Nice little strip club across the street as well with some real animals dancing there. Parking lot around & up the block, make for easy N quick parking. On one occasion in 2008, I was waiting with a group that included both DJ Boris & DJ Victor Calderone, we all had to wait upwards of almost 20-30 minutes before they even let us in. These guys both have played at Space and are some of the best DJ's in the country. This place charges generally a 100 plus during WMC in march. Well worth the cost of cover in my opinion, especially if your planning on spending a few hours here. In fact if you dont your missing out. Music wise it doesnt even begin to get good till 7-8am. Place peaks between 9 & 10am music wise, also nice to be able to hide out in the dark part on the semi outdoor section of the terrace that connects to the nightclub portion. Bathrooms here are super grimey, bouncers are even worse. Be careful these guys will try to shake you down if they catch you with drugs, they will definitely give you up to the cops after they loot you of all things valuable. The inside of the club is cavernous with one of the hardest & loudest sound systems found in any nightclub, always dark and eerily empty if you show up after 430am.. The terrace is what makes this place so popular and famous. Not that the regular portion of the club is terrible its just everyone comes here to get fu*ked up on the terrace. This reminds me, if you do drugs this is the place to do him and if you dont well than your missing out on part of the space experience. Nothing better than getting a Superman high, continuing to drink all morning (from 5am-1pm) and watching the scene that unfolds. The Eric Morillo Space Terrace Party during WMC may be the best party of the year here. Its packed to the gills, the chicks are hot and willing and everyone dances.. When he starts dropping dark Tribal beats, the fog machines light up, the bass pumps, your ectasy has you seeing double and the cracked out people all around you start to even look good. Words of Caution: Watch out for the trannies that may appear to be real woman; you need to go home with Ramon err I mean Ramona, the Haitian cab drivers outside who will drive you around sobe for a few hours and you wont even realize it, than demand his money and when you dont pay up will slice your arm with a Machette if not steal your internal organds; the door guys in the front who i have seen mark up the price of admission to upwards of 200 just to get in.  Also if you do show up here post 4am and are not completely wrecked or high or plan to be at some point very soon, your better off staying home. Otherwise you will feel like your in a dont do drugs commercial, the type they play to Elementary school kids in 3rd grade. If you are a clubhead or methhead and never have been to space your missing out.
This is by far the worst club I have ever been to. Not because it's empty, or because the music but because I literally got bad vibes from all the people around me that looked "spaced out" and on drugs. I am no saint or prude but I don't fell comfortable partying with an entire club of druggies...I'll pass!
This place is ill! How did they ever manage to get a 24 hour liquor license??!! The patio is awesome while watching the sunrise!!! If you like ibiza and europe you will like Space. But it is Miami....
Home of the sweaty d-bags rolling balls. This is a 2/3 level club. One room is ghetto-fied and the other is straight up house. Take your pick :) I have been partying here sine I was 18 years young. Not really my styleanymore, but i've had my fun here. Space is located down a strip with a few other nightclubs and a strip club across the street. I have never had to pay, but I heard cover is $10 and $30 after midnight... not sure about that now.
Space Miami, what's up with the dress code?? We underground heads have long loved Space for the chance it gave us to dance to the best electronic music in the world. However yesterday I wasn't let in to Dennis Ferrer's party because my outfit fell short of your new dress code policy. This is the second time it has happened. As a dancer, I "dress to sweat", which means shorts, a tank top, and dance sneakers, which is what I always wear when I go to Space, and I know I'm not the only one. Apparently that is no longer acceptable at Space Miami. I was repeatedly told they would not let me in unless I'm wearing "proper club attire" - a dress and high heels. At 6 am. Not even dress shorts. Not even flats or sandals. I was also told the new policy was implemented to cater to the expensive crowd, people that drop tens of thousands of dollars on VIP and bottle service, with the purpose of increasing Space's revenue. What about the art of dance music, its spirit and soul? What happened to Space's motto "One Nation United For The Love Of Dance Music"? What happened to Space, the last forepost of freedom in Miami? Yes Space, you will relish you newly increased revenue, but if you want to keep your spot as the US #1 club, this isn't going to happen. You proclaim yourself to be a slice of Ibiza in Miami? Not gonna work with this dress code. This new policy is stifling and is taking freedom and fun out of dance music. How sad. I'm sure Dennis Ferrer enjoyed playing to a room full of people that were only there to drink and show off... not! How much fun is it for an artist to be playing to people that are not there for the music? It's so ridiculous, I'm writing to Luis Puig and DJ Mag about this. Dead serious, I love music too much to let it slide. The manager I talked to (Jared, who was actually super polite and helpful) expressed his biggest concern for high-paying patrons not willing to see a casually dressed girl command everyone's attention with her dance moves. I told him I get up on stage and make the whole club watch me, and he was like "oh no, we have hired girls to do that". To which I said "I know, and I dance better than them". As evidenced by multiple compliments, expressions of adoration, and dance job offers every time I dance. So much for a sweaty outfit!
Take me to space!! I can honestly say I have never had a bad night at space, I always arrive early (no cover before 12.. Its much better if you know a promoter so you don't have to wait the line) and ready to party/ dance my ass off until the wee hours of the morning. They play the BEST house music in all of Miami . Lately I have noticed that it is a bit of a cock fest .. But whatever just go with a group of friends and it is a guaranteed good time ( definitely don't go alone, there are many creepers and women have gotten kidnapped/ raped here) Before they were very lenient and it was a come as you are kinda place, and although one of my friends told me they no longer allowed people in with flats I saw plenty of girls in sandals. However, that I would not recommend , the floor gets filthy definitely wear boots or heels you can dance in. Drinks are a rip off, but  hey that is anywhere in miami so definitely pre-game like crazy & if you wanna get wild stick with jack on the rocks.  They are open until about 12 on Sunday mornings.. I can still hear the drums I hope space never Closes
definitely the Exit of Miami. its ok - everytime i've gone here its because the crowd i was with wanted to keep drinking and partying. good music. crappy staff.
Honestly- one of the best clubs I've ever been to. And get this- they are open till 7am! I had some pretty good times with my girls in this place. Every time I went, they had different themes. drinks are not that pricey, cool atmosphere, and the club is pretty big.
Would be great if they weren't always ripping off their patrons and finding ways to screw their pre-purchase ticket holders (this is the place who's bouncers kept out one of the DJ's set to perform b/c they didn't know who he was.)  It is a good club and it has good parties but with so many other amazing venues in Miami, skip it.
Came to see AN21 and Max Vengli spin during WMC 2013.  Definitely not as nice as the Fountainebleau but very big and spacious with two floors and ample crowd/dancing space.  This is where the night crawlers go to keep the party going til the break of dawn and then some. Ladies, skip on wearing your best shoes - they get grimy from the spilt alcohol and gum.
This place is overrun with riff raff, scummy ravers sucking lollipops rolling on E and some of the ugliest people I have ever seen. I have never felt so out of place at a club in my life. I love house music so my friend who lives in Miami took me there to see Deep Dish during WMC.  I was approached no less than 10 times by freakers looking to buy drugs-i guess I looked like a drug dealer cuz I was wearing decent clothes! HA Just Nasty!
Totally amazing night!  We went to Space after art walk.  I LOVE house music and last Saturday had an amazing line up.  This is definitely "hipster" place and they do let anyone in.  I wish I had worn my sneakers instead of heels.  This is the only place you can get away with it!  The music was great, there were three rooms to choose from, it wasn't too crowded and the parking was fairly easy.  Next time I come I'm dressing down.  I was way over dressed the other night!
This place has gone down hill since the remodel.  Less and less techno, their original core clientel, the ones that helped them move to the new facility.  The bouncers are horrible, come on guys you let anyone in, the line gets tight and pushy.  "free well" drinks yeah I guess well drinks means only rum and vodka, wait what huh?  Well means un called liqour you want to offer only free cheap vodka and rum say free cheap vodka and rum.
For some reason this club seems to have stood the test of time in the fickle world of Miami's nightlife. Let's put it this way, my mom used to club here at some point when I was a kid. Unless you have a hookup be prepared to pony up at least 30 bucks for cover + or - depending on how you look. The music does not disappoint and if you're a die hard house fan it's easy to put aside the skeeby crowd. Unless you're a girl of course, and you stray too far from your pack, in which case just exercise caution for some of the men at this place do not know the meaning of no. In general though, a night here has the potential to be buckets of fun if you disregard the sketchiness and just enjoy the great music.
This place was only good after I got desperately drunk off $14 drinks, and could look pass the deuche bags wearing sunglasses indoors. Don't wear sandals/flip flops, they will turn you away and try to sell you shoes from a shady vendor on the side.
Great club.  Doormen aren't selective and great drinks once you get inside.  They have music for everyone and most of the time you can get in free.  All types of people...mostly locals though.  Good place to have a fun night out with your friends or meet new ones inside.
I'm so sad that I only got to see the downstairs area for the most part of the night since we had champagne service by the dj.  When I went upstairs it was CRACKIN and I felt like I was at PURE Cabana area in Vegas except the sun was coming up and lit up the dim sky.  It's a fun place to party and the crowd is cool too.  If you're looking for an afterhours spot, this is it...but stay upstairs where the cabana outdoor area is!  PS. The doormen are DICKS....maybe they are mad about having to work til 9am. PPS. there's a cool food stand across the street that has pretty good quesadillas! Like anyone is going to eat after coming out of SPACE! LOL
The sound system downstairs is said to rock. I'm not sure really... because well, I can't really tell how great a sound system is if the music playing over it sucks. The sound system upstairs, however, left some desire... but the talent made up for it. My friend playing said the turn tables didn't even work .Luckily he brought CDs... Christ...
I've had some wonderful times at Space over the years that far outweigh the horror stories/experiences. Ok, they love to grub money with bottles and ticket prices - it's a CLUB, in MIAMI. Ok, they have a crazy door during conference - it's WMC, if you hate the crowds they get the same dj's at other times during the year so just go then. Ok, the old Space was beloved by all of us - the terrace at the "new" Space is far better as well as the main room sound. Ok, some of their staff (bouncers) can be dicks - some of their other staff are actually very awesome. The bottom line is this: they get fucking great bookings and the party is always out of control in the best sense of the phrase. It DOES feel like the good parts of Ibiza at times, and not every club in Miami can replicate that. Love it or hate it, if you are a clubber, sooner or later you must visit Space. Dance on the terrace at 9am to a favorite dj and then say you don't love it...you know you do, you sonic slut you.
Good. Many different dance rooms. People were ok.
Dark, vast room, packed to the point of waiting in line to get up to the next floor/room. Oh did I mention everyone is rolling? [*Side note: if this is what you're into...Space pays off the cops to not raid, so you'll be safe here.*]  This is the sketchiest club, make sure to hold onto whomever you're with because it's not a place where you'll be able to find anyone. I recommend kiddy leashes for everyone in the group.
Not the same. Been going since day 1 at the old location. Then they turned downstairs into hip hop. Second - Oscar G left and who knows what the hell happened to Cedric Gervais. It's a shame a club I grew up going to and introduced to so many people has fallen so hard.
Every time i go to Miami , i make sure i go to Space , this place is a lot of fun ...huge club , all rooms are a decent size. they have the terrace on top open space mix music pretty cool, the hip hop room bigger than in most clubs out here & of course the main attraction the house room....it's awesome sooo much fun this place is insane !!   drinks r a bit pricey but we all know a lot of people don't "really" just drink here lol the lines outside can be a pain in the neck because there is no real order every one is standing all over the joint which is a bit annoying it would be nice if they had a better system other than just hanging around which is what it comes off as... lines forms to the left , the right , the middle its very disorganize. the lines can get pretty long & the bouncers tend to of course try to get u to hit em up w some cash to get u in ... i mean all clubs out in Miami seem to do (this would be the place to give the bouncer a few dollars, worth while simply because the lines can get so out of hand )   it but whatever if u get here a little early u may have a better luck at getting in the later u go the worse it can get because this place is open till the wee hours of the morning. so far I've always had a great time....like they say "take me to space" love it & definitely will always return when in Miami.
Pros: -You can buy pre-sale tickets online, basically no line for will call, you get in 10 minutes max. -The sound system is incredible. Be prepared for the ringing in your ears the next morning. -The music selection is phenomenal! All subgenres of house are played here. From my experience, TECH HOUSE is the main focus...Which can be a good or a bad thing depending on what you like. But for me, I can't get enough of it. -Open from 11pm to 3pm... Afterhours is what this place is known for. -VERY diverse crowd. Lots of pookieheads (go figure) of all different stereotypes come here to let loose. This would be a con in other peoples reviews...but I don't see what the big deal is.. as long as they are not hurting you why would it matter? Everyone is there to have a good time! -I've heard horror stories about the bouncers but I've never had a problem. One of them was even nice enough to let me use his cell when mines died on me. Cons: -The only real complaint I have of this place is that they need more areas to sit. The bouncers make you get up from the "sitting area" so that the dancers can get on there and do their thing. It doesn't sound like a big deal but if your like me and stay there for 6+ hours, it's torture!! -The prices for drinks are ABSURD. $14 for a small rum and coke? SERIOUSLY? I guess that's why people always choose the alternative. This is definitely the BEST place for house music. Just remember to keep an open mind about the crowd and pregame before coming here... that's if you drink!
OMG. wildness. so fun. props to dubfire for playing for like two days straight HHAAA!! also he tagged with david squillace. both are renowned, bomb ass artist/djs - look 'em up! the terrace as the sun is rising is the shit, make sure you're ready with your shades. although lots of folks were wearing their shades already overnight. hmmm, that a south beach thing? hehe.
Okay lets Start with the Beginning of the Night It was the last Night in Miami with me and my friends and was a Saturday Night Started out the Night by going to the Clubs and Bars in South Beach. On the Way to South Beach Asked the Cab Driver Whats Good tonight? SPACE! He told us that it starts popping around 4 am because they don't Close until 10-noon on Saturdays. Everyone gets out of South Beach when the Clubs start to close 4 am and if the night is not over yet they all head to Space. Left South Beach around 330 called a Cab got to Space and was packed outside everyone started rolling in. Looking outside at this Massive place I was ready for an unless night. The location is ghetto in Downtown Miami next to another night club and a strip club across the street. Down the street is the ghetto to stay away from. Cover was $30 yeah kind of High but it was also the George Acosta Release Party. Walked into Greeted by a huge Astronaut and a boy doll in the window Bass hitting my ears people everywhere Crowd was mostly young adults If you love House this is the place Sound System is amazing! This place is Huge walked around everywhere and still not sure if I saw the whole place. Got up to the Terrace and raged for Hours into the Sun Rise. Roof opens up sun starts to beam down. They have a room thats pitch black almost if you're nocturnal you can walk right back into the darkness and keep on raging. Drinks are expensive yes but I was here for the music not really worried about the bar. DJ killed it Light show like I've never seen before. This place was more of a music fest than a club Smoke Machines Blasting every few minutes to cool you down. Wasn't many sketchy people around everyone sort of kept to their own group *Important* Believe the warnings people are saying on their reviews go with a group and ALWAYS stick together easy to get lost and you don't want to end up alone in this place. A lot of shit goes on here but enjoy the music, roll with it, and you will have a good time. People were ODing around me was the only sketch thing that got me freaked out a bit. Remembering people passed out on the floor around me and turned around again and bouncers had them gone..not sure where they are taken... Strict here is one thing I didn't see from the bouncers Shit goes down and nothing is done. Only thing I saw Bouncer doing was carrying Passed out people left and right Got out around 7 am walking in a daze got back to the hotel and had an unforgettable night and experience Space is an experience for its one of the biggest clubs with the best technology that I've been too. Decor is nice. If I could describe Space in one sentence then it would be...It is a living Beast that will take control of you. It is almost like walking into a different world.
During my trip to Miami last week my friends from the area took me to this temple of electronic music. The line up of DJs was pretty average with no big names but I did love it there nevertheless. The place is three big separate giant dance floors big enough to be clubs by themselves. Each dance floor has its own line up of DJs - 7 DJs per dancefloor playing 2hr sets on the night we went. The first one on the first floor plays hip hop and pop music and your Top-40 mix, the crowd is pretty much what you'd expect based on the playlist selection. I skipped this one and went upstairs where the other two dancefloors are that play exclusively techno. The first room you see is a bit smaller and plays more underground deep house, trance and electro, the stuff seasoned electronic music lovers with many years of club going will appreciate. The lights are pretty average but the sounds system reminds me of those in Europe that make you wake up next day with a buzz in your ears:). The third dance floor is giant and has best sound and lights and plays more mainstream electronic selection that would please the ear of a casual club goer. All dance floors have dancers with funky dresses. The drinks are not as strong as I like them to be and priced at $12-13. On the good side, for obvious reasons there is barely any line at the bar and you can get a drink in no time. For same reasons, VIP tables are empty:). This is a rave spot where people just come to dance without pretense, people just bring it on here. I actually randomly walked into a friend from the area whom I last saw 3 years ago in NJ. What are the chances of tha happening! Did I mention this place is open till 1 PM next day?
Good time, and open well into Sunday. Fun place, with good staff and a great vibe. I will be back to see someone good.
HUGE. Great after hours place. Has made an impression so I usually associate this place with drugs, lol. They play great dance music and is a great place to go with a group.
5 WMC's ago, hanging in the booth with Deep Dish, Chus and Ceballos, Behrouz and a ton of other friend's, had a blast. One of the best sounding clubs in the US. The upstairs terrace rocks as well.
Came out to Miami for Ultra Music Festival.  After talking to a bunch of locals and people that come to Miami they recommended Club Space.  As a result we decided to check this place out.  Luckily we bought our ticket ahead of time and paid only 20 dollars for our tickets as oppose to 50 at the door.  This place was pretty big with two floors.  The 2nd floor, terrace opens up around 4-5am which was really cool.  Music was good and the bartenders (well the ones that helped me) make really strong drinks.  Def will be coming back next year when Ultra rolls around
It's all hype. Came here for after hours. Paid 30$ plus parking plus drinks....EFF THAT! The majority of everyone is on something in there, which sucks when you're drunk because you're on different vibes and crap. Luckily we came with females so ya.....If you're out of town then come, or if you're a pookie head, but if you're local just go to some lounges or bars around the area.
Club Space is an internationally-recognized super-club that has world-class DJs. This club has the capacity to hold thousands, and often does. Past Resident DJs include Paul van Dyk, Ferry Corsten and Sander Kleinenberg, among other greats. There is no pretentiousness about this place like there is in South Beach; you will get in and you are guaranteed to dance your bum off!!! There was a long line to get in, but for $5 more, we skipped to the very front. It can get hot inside, but the drinks are priced decently and the energy is amazing. I would come here before any other club in South Beach. Just so you know, it's about a $15-20 cab ride because it's just over the bay in downtown Miami.
Sick sick sick, loved my lone experience here for Dayglow in July 2009. Much better crowd than Pacha NYC and the House Music pumped loud through my system as I glowed from the neon paint party!
