Stopped by there tonight March 20th 2014 to get teased to start the Winter Music Conference.  Decided to head out there since I had read that it was open bar for ladies until midnight but after being there for an hour I was being charged so obviously that's not true.  As other people arrived and they asked the same thing and the lady bartender denied and said that that was on Tuesdays and Thursdays I will never go back or refer this place to anyone.
EP is the DJ's club. DJs come here to chill and dance after they spin somewhere else. Two floors. Incredible sound-system on each. Dark, dim and red lighting all around. Really grim vibe-- I love it. A place for true club audiophiles to dance at. I've gone mostly for Safe parties, which are held upstairs and they rule. The upstairs is definitely my favorite area. Small, cramped, dark but vibed out. Fairly-priced drinks and, in general, very non-threatening club. Music you'll hear mostly: Deep House, Electronic, Disco, Minimal. Place rules!
Whenever I say "Electric Pickle" it evokes thoughts of lesbians listening to KD Lang getting it on with their battery operated machinery. Disclaimer: Ain't nothing wrong with any of the aforementioned. Lets just say that the real Electric Pickle is entrenched with tapered- jeans wearin' boys and short- romper wearing ladies listening to the hippest and coolest jams in all of Kool kid land....and I likes it! Open bar from 10-12? Kinda sick. Sure it's Grolsch and Isopropyl Alcohol but who cares? It's free and its a great social lubricant as evidenced by the hoards of gyrating boys and girls. I never knew Kool Kids were so into dirty dancing. Perhaps it's due to the fact that they were likely conceived during that one time at Kellerman's when Baby and Johnny were jerkin' it on the dance floor. I'm serious, everywhere I turned cool kids were rubbin' dirties on the dance floor. And as the story goes "Nobody puts Baby in a corner" so it was center stage for the vertical expression of their social lubrication. Two floors take up space at the Pickle. Bottom: Bar, small stage with "VIP" seating, a DJ area and a half circle couch thingy where some kids were drinking and chillin' looking their surliest with pointy boots and plaid suspender-ed shirts. Bartender girlie was uber nice. The moment anybody calls me "Sweetie" or "Hun" or "Love", I'm pretty much sold. Can I tell you about the bar back? He was a tall lumberjack looking thingy with a Jew fro and a beard. Black shirt, surly puss and oh so cute. I loved how he looked at me disapprovingly, silently judging me. Wow, he was kinda hot. I swear I made eye sex with him. I think he liked it. I saw a tear rolling down his face. The patio area is uber chill, the furniture was Beetlejuician, there were camo- tarps hanging above, a disco ball that had an awesome affect as there were little light specks all over the place, ping pong table and pool table as well as church pews for saying your prayers to the Indie Gods. "Please let the new M83 double album not suck" Top: Second floor was pretty cool. Small stage for little known bands, Kool Kids making out dirty stylo, drunk girls, drunk boys, dancing, smoking and the most amazing disco ball the world has ever seen. I really do believe the disco ball has magical powers as everyone seemed to be entranced. A couple of lame things about The Picks. 1. Bottled water was 5 bux. Not even Zephyrhills or Dasani or whatevs. It was from an off label brand that might as well been "Planet Unicorn Falls" A Stella was 7 bux. That's *alright* but when the ticket for a show costs 10 and you charge 7 for a beer, there's something wrong with that. I'd still come back to the Pickle. The music is among the best I've heard at any Kool Kid spot. But I'm just a Cougster. So you know, "Grrrrr" and all that. Meow.
I am so sorry but call me a freaking hipster because half of these reviews have no clue of what they're talking about. Sorry but I'm saying it. If you're looking for a douchey bouncer, ridiculous cover charge, people attempting to dress up, acting snooty spending money they more than likely don't have just to say they saw some "celebrity" dj they only have one song of on their iPod at some over crowded mega club filled with chessy frills, then the Pickle is NOT for you! Funny you call this place hipster-ville cause last I saw, they're stepping in their Jeffrey Campbell shoes and sipping their tallboy PBRs through their thick beards at Vagabond. Real House music. Real groove. Real vibes. You don't need all the extra because what it comes down to is the POSITIVE ENERGY and QUALITY MUSIC. They have gotten some of the best bookings I have seen and what's been so amazing is that it's consistent. So I really think the $20 cover charge is worth it because I am pretty sure that money is being paid forward to the next amazing act. Go down the list: Pearson Sound/Ramadanman, Catz n' Dogs, Waifs & Strays, Omar-S, MAYA JANE COLES, CLAUDE VON STROKE, Horse Meats Disco, Carl Craig, Deetron, Solomun, Crazy P Soundsystem, Matt Tolfrey, WOLF & LAMB, SOUL CLAP, Pillowtalk, Steve Bug, BLOND:ISH (Yo they freaking tore it up the night they played!!!) Voices of Black, Justin Martin, A Club Called Rhonda (majorly fun party, google it), did I mention MOODYMANN. Missing a bunch but I think you get it. I go to this club at least twrice a month to seriously unwind. I don't think there is a dress code? There have been a few nights where I have painted my face in a neo-tribal manner and no one blinks twice. And you're right people might look like hipsters, but I refuse to wear my Balenciaga polo only to stretch it and sweat my ass off in it. So a crappy tee and jeans will have to suffice. I'm sorry but I'm not here to impress you, I'm here to set my problems free on the dancefloor. The music, the energy, the groove; you just get lost in yourself. There isn't one air of pretense at the door, the bar, even the freaking crowd is amazing. Everyone is one the same plane, grooving and just ::feeling::. Stepped on someone's foot? "It's cool man. Have fun." I have never seen anything even resembling an argument at this place. There are two floors and and outside patio that has recently renovated to include a nicer patio and more outside seating. Bars are everywhere, decently priced and strong enough. The first floor is where you go to hang, outside to chill, but upstairs is where the magic happens. Wow! Honestly have never been to a club like this. Legit had a tear fall down my face at Pearson Sound/Ramadanman cause it was one of the best nights of my life. I feel like I owe Tomas a lot because I had a life-changing accident that left me in the hospital for 5 days last year and he introduced me to Pickle. It helped me find to myself a bit, if that makes any sense at all.
hhhmm I wont be as harsh as my Yelper in crime but I must agree with some of the things she said. For some reason, there's something about the Pickle that just doesn't do it for me and I can't specifically pin point what it is. I mean some of my best friends even work there or frequent on a very regular basis...and still...I dunno. I've been there many times. The Dj's are good, the lighting is a bit awkward at times, specially in the downstairs area. The drinks are kinda steep... c'mon now, if you are going to cater to hipsters you must know that we are all a bunch of broke mofos, work with us here. Every time I go to the Pickle I end up spending way too much money and I cant really say I walk out of the place with a memorable experience that was worth that amount of money. Also, unless you have some mind boggling DJ or act, quit it with the damn $10 cover...thats a good chunk of my drinking budget, thanks. There's also something about the crowd?! It seems like the place doesn't really yield to much socializing unless you go there enough to know all the crews that go there often. I do love what they've done to the outside though. I enjoy the pool table and the sitting area around it, as well as the new addition of the skate ramp... that's definitely different. I don't know, I guess I'll keep on giving it a chance and you'll probably see me there many a time in the future, but its not a place I get absolutely thrilled about. Give me the comfort of my Vagabond, or the sexyness of my Bardot...and I'll give the third stop to the Pickle when I'm already inebriated and worn out by my dancing, and we'll call it a night... actually yeah, that's something the Pickle is good for; last chance for that late night booty call.
First let me start by saying when I have been here it's been hipster heaven....and I'm not a hipster....so, kind of not my scene. However, if I'm here with the right people fun can be had! I don't really dig the $10 cover, but they have an open vodka bar from 10-12 (yes even on Saturday) -- so show up early if you want your cover charge to be worth something. The band that was playing downstairs was ok, I like the patio outside, beware if it rained benches may be wet. Upstairs was OK. The music was completely unmemorable in any way, but they do have an awesome lit disco ball on the ceiling. Beer selection in more limited upstairs compared to downstairs. Beers are a reasonable $5-6 a pop. FYI - you will smell like an ashtray when you leave this place... lots of smokers in here. I don't smoke & felt like I smoked a pack of cigs the night before when I woke up after a night at the pickle...
Stopped by here with the WMC star Ramon C. We pulled right up to some fantasy worthy parking. However, I doubt there is a tough time ever parking around here. The first floor feels roomie and comfortable. The best part though is the outdoor patio. Reminiscent of a backyard, this would make the ideal candidate for an outdoor game night space.
Preface: I went for the first time last night (Thursday, Valentine's Day). Good: 2 for 1 drinks from 11-12. Plenty of seating upstairs. Affordable drinks Bad: Bouncer wasn't friendly. This isn't a big deal because I expect a bouncer to hate his life, but we were being very friendly and his attitude set the tone for the night. We bought tickets online for $10 to get in but found out that we could only go upstairs which is about the size of a 2 bedroom apartment. To go downstairs (which appeared busier) would be an additional $10. Screw that! It's freaking dark and smoky as hell. My clothes stank when I walked out, much more so than other bars I've been to. The area of town isn't appealing at all. It was 115 when I left and it was slow. The music they played upstairs wasn't my style. I didn't take away any stars for my personal preference but it was lyric-less house music that (to me) all sounds the same and lulls me to sleep. When I ordered drinks, I got 2 vodka sodas for $9. That's good. However, soda water is a weak mixer so I know how strong a properly poured vodka soda should taste. I could have chugged my drinks like Gatorade. That's bad.     Summary: I'm going to give the benefit of the doubt to this place because it was a Thursday and Valentine's Day so they get 2 stars instead of 1 but at the end of the night I felt like I just took an electric pickle in the butt.
The ambiance at the Electric Pickle is cool - really dark (sometimes too much), yet sexy. Just like the Vagabond, I love a club that has a patio area. The times I have been to this venue, though, I have been terrified of both of the stairwells here. Alcohol + stairs do not mix and I have this night's bruise on my knee to prove it. My one really big gripe is the floor on the 2nd level. I went to watch Yacht play on Saturday night and, of course, it was packed to the gills. Once everyone started bouncing up and down to the band I started to feel the floor bounce along with us. I was accepting a sure death at that point. All I could think about was "We're all going to die. The floor is going to collapse and we are going to squish everyone underneath us and get trampled on thereafter." Thankfully, I am good at accepting death when I need to, so it didn't really ruin my night either. I just wish they could make the floor feel a bit more stable; I don't think it should have to bend like that... Besides this - the music is good, and the crowd is not douchey. As is with any club in the Design District, just be aware of your surroundings -- strength in numbers. :)
3.5 Stars, but didn't want to round up. Dearest Electric Pickle (in our group, pronounced //PICO//), Now, I can honestly say I've never had a bad time here.  On the contrary, each time I've come, it has been for a night of fun and dancing, often ending in total debauchery.  Score!   The music is always jamming and I enjoy the 3 different areas/DJs/music that you have created.  I love the outside area, complete with skate ramp and pool table.  I think it's a great touch and goes well with the scene you're creating.  The upstairs always has the best music and is usually packed and JUMPING.  For all of these things, I give you props. However, where I've deducted a star and a half is for the following reasons...  The $10 cover HAS to GO.  It's ridiculous, and you don't even budge for your OWN DJ's, when they're off duty.  I witnessed this myself last Saturday night.  Whatever happened to Industry courtesy??   Additionally, the drinks are a tad steep for your location, client base, and overall scene that you're trying to create (and keep).  And could the door guys/gals please get some manners?  I'd appreciate it. I love that you host Poplife, and that will keep bringing me back.  Hope to see some improvements in the near future. Kind Regards, SabrinaAnna*
If you don't mind parking in an area that looks and feels like you're on the set of 28 days later, this is a cool joint to come out to and chill on a late night. There was a 10 dollar cover which is no biggie and once you're in it's the lighting is very dim and you immediately notice the bar. One of the 2 bartenders on this night was extremely efficient but the other one took forever to make a drink or get a beer. So it was best to just chill by the fast bartender if you wanted anything. They did carry newcastle and stella and that is a plus in my book. The crowd is a very mixed group of anyone and everyone. Definitely a lot of people watching up in here. The music was different and in a good way. I don't think I heard Lady Gaga or any of the top 40 crap on the radio which was a great thing. Outside there is a patio with about 12 picnic tables setup if you want to just take a breather and actually hear what your friends have to say. I saw a hot dog stand out there too..at least I think I did. Upstairs is another dance floor with an additional bar and the music was a lot louder and after 5 minutes we had to go back down. It was good music though and there were less people so the A/C was much cooler. I won't go out of my way to come back here but if someone suggests it I'd definitely be counted in.
Every time one of my friends suggests going, I always find myself yelling, "No! I hate that place!" I don't know when I started thinking that The Electric Pickle was everything that is wrong with this world (that's right, everything that is wrong with this world) but it's like I woke up one morning and my heart was so full of hate for it that I found myself wanting to go to church. No, but seriously. I was extremely excited my first time around and then became instantly turned off by: -the pretentious door attendant asking about lists and covers--look just tell me how much--$10? fine. don't make this a federal issue. -i walked in and headed straight to the bar, WOW were the drinks expensive, watered downed versions of their former selfs...vodka tonic or the confederate ghost of a vodka tonic? Ripped off! -by now, my eyes had had a chance to adjust to the darkness that engulfed the entire room--and what I saw was terrifying. the hipster crowd completed stared us down from every corner, like vampires ready to attack. they really acted like my group was invading their personal space--it was so uncomfortable that we had to tuck our tail between our legs and head for the outside patio--it was surreal, I had never experienced the walk of shame at any of these type of venues. -eventually, we decided to man up and took the back stairs to the 2nd floor--more spacious than the first and a little less uncomfortable since the vampires were dancing--but the music definitely disturbed the simplicity of our human ears. Two stars for their theoretical concept of what this place is SUPPOSED to be like.i'm adventurous, and I've been around this city a couple of times (and that's before I was even legal) so I can appreciate places like this--but it just wasn't happening.
What can I saw about the Pickle? Funny enough, Michelle W. summed it up for me PERFECTLY when she said: "First let me start by saying when I have been here it's been hipster heaven....and I'm not a hipster....so, kind of not my scene." I also agree with her second comment: "However, if I'm here with the right people fun can be had!" Great minds ... :) The Pickle is a cool joint in terms of set up - with the huge outdoor space and plenty of seating, to the disco-ball laden upstairs, to the indoor stage for live music, there's something for (almost) everyone. It's cool that there are lots of different tunes to choose from, depending on your location. But yeah ... I felt slightly out of place in my flowered garb & denim miniskirt. We all have our scenes, and this really isn't mine - not that I mind a little variety, every now and then. Also - they had advertised an open bar till 12, but they shut it down at like 11:55 ... minor detail, maybe, but annoying when you're counting on getting another free round and think you still have time. If I were more into Miami's music circuit, maybe I'd be a bigger fan, but for now - this isn't a place I'll be rushing back to. Luckily, with good friends in tow, good times are doable anywhere. :)
Place was dead empty on a saturday night. Music isn't your typical club type house music and they will try to charge you $20 on the entrance when there is no one inside... Save your money and go elsewhere.
Uhm, if you REALLY loved Circa 28 and want to pay double the price, come to Electric Pickle! Within 15 minutes I spent $40 on getting in and buying two drinks.   Plus, I didn't notice any notable differences from the previous defunct club that inhabited this spot and "The Pickle". It's darker and plays pretty much the same caliber of music (not bad music, but, typical of the hipster sect). Leading onto the patio, you still get that  odd gust of AC-produced wind from the doorway, and the patio itself is smaller (they closed off half of it and are using it as an actual lot, for employees I'm assuming, not for guests) has a red pool table, another bar where you can buy more overpriced drinks, and a few couches. The street parking is still a true test of courage -- bring a switch blade with you. And for The Pickle's sake, I hope they took care of the towing issues Circa used to have. I didn't go upstairs, to be fair, but judging by the rest of the place, I'm going to guess that  it's pretty much the same -- packed, hot, and has bathroom stalls with no doors on them. But this is just an assumption, so I may be wrong. Great place if you like throwing away money and feeling like your part of a scene.
This used to be one of my favorite places. Since the change of promoters and popularity increase don't bother coming here. It gets too packed and you can barely get upstairs 90% of the time. And anyone who has been here know that upstairs is the best part. The decor of the place is really great though. The outside has a clockwork orange milkbar feel and the upstairs has one of the best disco balls I've ever seen in Miami.
I don't really see the difference between this place and Circa 28. To me the interiors still look the same, and I don't know why, but when I walked in I was hoping they'd have done something with the outside. It lends itself to so much and has great potential, but it is yet still very underdeveloped. I walked upstairs to catch a few good 80s tunes, but quickly went back down to where the other people in our party were at. I liked the music upstairs and would love to hear a band playing there one of these days, as it seems a great space for live music. The downstairs area has great dance music, but in my opinion it doesn't fit into the place. We went on Saturday after the gallery walk, and you'd think that after a few glasses of wine everyone would head to this place, as it is free to get in and the drinks aren't overpriced (note: this doesn't mean they're cheap either). I think I would have liked some more loungey music downstairs to go with the comfy-looking couches - but definitely not what was playing, which was too loud to talk over, and too empty to dance around in. The red glow of the room, however, was pretty pleasant and sexy. The outside - bare - just a few tables and a bench that was there from back when the place was still Circa. It could definitely use more decorating and better lighting. Maybe it gets fuller on other occasions and I wouldn't mind going back. But for now, it's not my bar/club of choice.
I gotta agree with Adam, Ivonne Marie and Jacob and go with 3 stars for The Electric Pickle. Parking wasn't too difficult to find in the neighborhood. Others have mentioned that the area is a bit shady, but personally I was fine with it. There was a $10 cover to get in, which was cool because they had some great entertainment upstairs on this night. My primary reasons for only giving it 3 stars are because 1) The doorman was a bit of a douche. I walked outside the entrance to encourage a few more people to come in and to give someone some cash so they could pay the cover charge and he was unhappy that I carried my drink just outside the doorway. I was just outside the entrance for a few seconds at most, I wasn't walking around on the sidewalk or anything, and I was trying to get people to come inside and spend money in his club and giving them cash to pay him with...Lighten up a bit, guy! 2) As a few others have mentioned in their reviews, the drinks are a bit expensive for what this place is. 3) The upstairs was absolutely packed solid, and it was pretty full downstairs and out back as well, so it seems to be a bit small for what they do and for as many people as they attract to this place.
I've only been to the Pickle twice, hence they get one star for each visit. Wait a second, that doesn't add up, or does it? Never mind... This is a smallish sized bar. There are two floors with bars on each and separate music. There is a back patio area with a pool table and some sofas. Dark and loud is the name of the game here. It's so dark that I had trouble seeing faces of people standing within arm's reach. Sure, they have some lights here and there, but a cadles seperated by 5-10 feet don't really count. The bar tenders had some trouble hearing my orders throughout the night. Unfortunately, this is a very similar experience to my first visit a few years back. The pool table in the back is more of a coin vaccuum than anything else. Parking is tough. You end up having to go along one of the side streets. I can't imagine how the neighbors handle the noise pollution on busy nights. I would have taken a photo or two of the inside, but it's easier to have you close your eyes and enjoy the darkness. Bottom Line: Not really my first choice of a venue
I've been to this place a few times about a year or so ago and it has completely changed since then. Well for starters, they completely got rid of the outside back seating area which allowed for guests to take their drinks outside and relax in the Miami weather. Now, it's a parking lot, literally. We arrived at the door and found parking right outside of the bar and upon walking in she was like ok so it's $10 for downstairs and $20 (or $25?) for upstairs which allows you go to between both floors...What the hell? Who charges a different price for different floors? Uh, ok. So previously I enjoyed the first floor more than the second because the second floor usually has some kind of event going on with a bunch of people PACKED beyond belief into a room literally the size of a closet and then you have multiple people smoking marijuana and if you don't smoke marijuana, this can be an annoyance. Also it's sweltering due to the over amount of people. The downstairs usually had a DJ that played some awesome indie tunes and I would dance the night away. Those days are gone. The downstairs was almost pitch black dark. I couldn't see a damn thing. There was no space to walk around or move and the place was empty. The DJ was playing tunes that were making me doze off. Definitely not a place to get your groove on! Now on to the bar...I know better that I should NOT order wine in a dive-y type bar but hey, I was up for the challenge. I ordered a glass. Ok, I have rarely tasted BAD BAD wine. I literally took a sip of this wine and almost threw up. Yes, it was THAT bad and trust me I have had my fair share of dive-bar wine. We quickly left and I don't think I will be back here even for a special event, not worth it in my opinion.
If something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. Open bar* from 10-12. That's because no one is there and they're putting what tastes like rubbing alcohol in your drinks (for the love of God, order beer instead!) The live music was fun & I liked the outdoor decor. There were barely any people inside but the place was already starting to smell like an ashtray. Not really my scene but it's worth checking out on a weekend or when a band I like is playing there.   *$10 cover
You know that old saying? If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all. F**k that. I mean, I don't hate the place, by any means. But I have a few bones to pick with the Pickle. My first experience with Electric Pickle was when my BF had a gig booked there with his band. He played there a few times on the outside patio stage. The first time we pulled up there, I was genuinely concerned about the neighborhood. Don't get me wrong. I'm no stranger to "da hood".  I was born in NYC, for crying out loud. And I ain't talkin the Upper East Side, sweetie. Nevertheless, I question how a place situated in the friggin ghetto has the nerve to charge $10 or $20 at the door. The place itself is tiny and the patio area is actually a great idea. I believe they also have an upstairs area which I never ventured towards so I can't comment on that. The patio is what makes the place worthwhile. They have a pool table out there and areas to sit and hang out with friends. They would sometimes set up an outside "bar" area also. But every once in a while the stench permeating the patio from the dumpsters just ruined the whole evening. I'm talking NASTY! It smelled as though something DIED in there. And who knows, considering the area?? Ugh. Haven't been here in a while and then suddenly a friend decided to host her birthday party here. In my head I thought "Really?" but I didn't comment. Turns out, I should have. Apparently, it was not what she expected. I arrived on a Friday night at midnight and I believe I left at around 2am. The place was practically a ghost town. This place holds absolutely no appeal for me, and unless the babes band books another gig here, I won't be back.
This bar is def hipster central! , you will find some interesting characters in this place. We had the pleasure of running into a older man who does poetry every Wednesday and he recited one of his poems just for us! totally awesome! I've heard they have open mic on Wednesdays...but since the place was kinda empty we didn't stay long. I will give this place another visit and might review my stars.
We came to the Electric Pickle during one of the last nights of WMC and it was nice to have the room to dance since most of the other places we went to were packed elbow to elbow. The downstairs had plush seating and was breathable, but the upstairs was a different story. It was so smokey and the speakers were jacked so loud, we had earplugs in the whole night. It seems pretty deserted in the immediate area, but we were lucky to see a sole cab cruising down the block as we left. The Taco Bell down the block hit the spot as we directed our cab driver to hit the drive-thru! The Electric Pickle is worth checking out if you need a chill night from Miami's clubland!
This spot is the old Circa 28 under new management.  I don't seem to notice too much that's different about the decor, but I always thought the club was quite comfortable to begin with. They did add a bar to the outside in the back and some benches to sit out there.   They seem to be doing a great job with bookings and that's a big plus.  They're drawing in some good talent from all over, so that will help in keeping things fresh and interesting.  Still can't figure out where the odd new name comes from though.   : )
Who wouldn't want to frequent a venue with a name such as "The Electric Pickle"? That name just screams "I had a good time last night". And a good time was had indeed. My friends and I have always heard but never been. Saturday, it was time. The first floor was seemingly empty and small but then you realized upstairs was the place to be. Loads of people were squished together in hopes of getting closer to the stage. Taking a look around - there were no douche-bags (always a good thing) but holy heaven! Indie-kids galore, which is at times only bad for your nose. As for the second level floor. Let's just say that I strategically placed myself next to a slightly larger-than-life person, who in the event that something would happen, would end up cushioning my fall. I know, genius. Fortunately, it didn't have to come to that but yeah, it was that bad. Perhaps one of the most enjoyable aspects to this venue is that there is a staircase from the second floor leading to the outside world. After inhaling a deep breath of fresh air and climbing down a scary staircase, there are tables, food and drinks if you so desire.
You know that a bar holds a special place in your heart once you create a nickname or special lingo for it.  For the Electric Pickle, I have lovingly coined the term "going pickling". Awesome music and three different rooms with three distinct flavors of fun, in case one isn't striking your fancy.  Drinks are reasonably priced, pours are typically strong.  Not too difficult to hail a cab, once you're pickled out.  All in all, a clutch addition to the Midtown/DD area.
The Pickle always brings the most fabulous DJs to Miami, and it's much needed. We frequent the spot on Friday nights, and have heard some of the best DJs from NYC, San Fran, Chicago and more. House music DJs tend to spin upstairs (which has been completely re-modeled and looks fantastic) while downstairs we've heard some funky and eclectic tunes. The outside area is perfect for having conversations, shooting some pool, playing ping pong and getting some fresh air. Love this spot, and always bring my out-of-town guests there.
Ahh such a great venue! there's two floors with chill lounge music at the bottom and underground electric music. The drinks are strong and worth the price. The bartender even gave me the remainder of an iced tequila shot! It's very dark and loud but if you like that, this is the place. Oh and pause. There is a foosball table too!'n
I've visited the Electric Pickle for quiet sometime now, even before it was 'The Pickle' but I have never experience such a bad welcoming from some stupid girl with short curly hair, who ever she is she should greet her guest more nicely. I was there with some executive producers to check out the bar for a possible shoot. That girl left us all with a bad taste in our mouths. If she works there she should be fired. But then again she gets what she deserves a lame scenester job. BTW: the drinks are not $$ they are more like $$$. Yuenglin for $7 with a bad attitude doesn't sit well with me.
The Electric Pickle hold's alot of memories for me, none of which I will go into detail on, but I will detail why you should come here and build your own memories. First of all, some reviews on here say there is an open bar from 10-12. There is not, at least it is not a constant thing. That was not something I knew about, but after reading reviews from fellow yelpers, I of course had to see if I had been missing out on free alcohol. When I confirmed with the girls at the door if there was an open bar or not, they looked at me like I was a 400lb tranny. They did not say anything about having it other nights or only during special occasions, just really looked at me like I was crazy. So, not sure what the deal is.  In the end, the drinks, despite not being free, are good. Really strong and reasonable. 9$ for a vodka whatever. Sometimes the cover is 10$, sometimes its 20$. And I have no why or how they determine the price. I have to say that bugs me. Get some consistency! If you get here early enough, it is easy to find free parking on the side, so that's a plus. 3 areas which are all super cool fantastic fabulous in their own rights. Very hip and chill patio area and unlike many other places, ample seating. Ping pong and pool table, and quiet.. i realized last night that there was no music actually playing on the patio. You could hear it coming from the inside, but I thought that was a good idea. Sometimes you want to actually converse or just need to give your ears a rest. Downstairs is trendy and cool with some good house music. Upstairs is the party. They don't open up the second level until later in the night, but when they do.. it basically clears out the frist floor. Awesome DJ up here and a hypnotic disco ball. Its very enclosed, so it does tend to get pretty smoky, but hey, guess thats to be expected. Wear something trendy/vintage/ a little out of the ordinary here. Yes lots of hipsters, but there were some juice heads and club girls in the mix too. A bit off the beaten track, but that adds to its charm. overall great place.
I went to the electric pickle for the first time for a friend's birthday, and I must say this venue provided a very cool atmosphere for conversations and Irish car bombs. The music was great. Alot of new wave, post punk and dance rock. There was also a very cool live band that played a killer cover by the band Muse. Anytime a band can pull off a Muse song, I'm impressed. The actual interior space is dark, dingy and hip. There's a stage and a dance floor as well as a few booths tucked away in the corner. The outdoor back patio was a great spot to take a break from the craziness inside and catch some fresh air. All the bartenders were on top of their game all night too.   All in all, I really liked EP. Good music, good drinks and good friends are usually a good thing. All three can be had at the electric pickle.
This lil whole in the wall was a "hipsters delight".  I'm from NY and I enjoy a good bohemian atmosphere.  I was here on a Wednesday night which is Words and Wine night.  Basically a open mic night with all poets, musicians and everyone in between welcomed.   Out on the back patio there was an ominous smell of ganja throughout the night.  Also, you can find a steady stream of conga's/bongo players and acoustic guitar players out back serenading any listeners.   I will be back guitar in tote to take part!
Came with another couple on a Saturday night. I got to say finding the place is part of the complications, and then once you do find parking where you wont get mugged. The area isn't the best. But once you get thru the bouncer, and you get upstairs... the music is great and you forget all the other stuff. Beware: asked the bartender for a good shot, and gave me one that had my head spinning for the next two days!!!
Love Love Love this place....I have only lived in Miami a few short months and already over the botox and boobs of South Beach. I just found that I live right by this place and I couldn't be more excited! Music was good, bartenders were fabulous! (first good service ive had in Miami.....service industry people here are beyond rude) The owner was a trip! So much fun! The people were all just super nice. The crowd was Fashionably Fabulous! Great place to people watch! And um a hot dog stand on premise! Yes Please! I will be a new regular for sure!
If you like forward-thinking, funky and sweaty music, this is without-a-doubt the best spot in Miami.  It's still not even close. The drink selection good, if a little pricey -- they make their own simple syrups, with plenty of top shelf booze and (in my experience, at least) no-attitude bartenders. No BS table/bottle service.  You can actually sit down if you want to.  Imagine that.  Plus there are wooden tables out back.  You can escape the music and simply talk.  Or smoke.  You have no idea how huge this is. Music:  The absolute best DJ talen in Miami.  Period.  In fact, I've lived in NYC, DC and spent time in other US cities, and I would venture to say that the bookings here rival or best any club of comparable size.  They simply schedule ace talent, from all over the world, consistently.  If you know even a little bit about house and DJ culture, you'll be impressed.  Specially if you like proto disco and deep house. Miami is known, unfortunately, for a glossy veneer with little substance and plenty of lame attitude.  Not so here.  This place is a breath of fresh air.  Top rec.
Haggle the cover charge.   The thing about this place is that it "thinks it is more than it is"....if that makes any sense. It is very pretentious.  But if you can haggle the cover charge...you'll be alright.  Sometimes they want to charge more than $20 for a place that should not charge cover at all.  The scene is alright and pretty chill.  The best thing about this place is the music and the atmosphere you create when you go here with friends.
I loved this place when it was Circa 28 and I've decided I love it even more as it's 'new' incarnation the Electric Pickle! I think I have been there every single week since they have reopened and I think it gotten better and better every week. (yes, I'm biased but no, I'm not the only one who feels this way!) Not only does the venue itself have a cool, chill, dark-ish vibe. Not only are the drinks well priced and well made. Not only is the staff super friendly and good at what they do. But, best of all, the owners keep adding all types of events so that there really is something for everyone at some point. From local and internationally known electronic music DJ's, to varying types of live music, to outdoor seating and art displays, they are keeping things fresh by changing it up frequently and offering something that would appeal to nearly everyone. As of now I believe they are only open Thursday through Saturday, but with the increasing success of each passing week, they will be adding on additional nights of different types. (I think a regular Wed. night is in the works). I definitely recommend - at the very least - checking this place out for yourself...and if you do, look around, you'll probably find me there too!
After hearing loads of hype from my limited amount of hipster friends I have in sofla (after all, this is miami, and lets admit it, the hipster/indie crowd is not plentiful) I decided to try out the electric pickle. Let me warn you, after entering the pickle, there's no stopping. who knew this kind of atmosphere existed in the downtown (aka ghetto-town) of miami? So, to understand the experience fully, let me start from the beginning. We parked on a dark sketchy street drenched with graffiti walls (a nice touch), I walk with my friends to the pickle.. It's almost 2 am, and we walk in without a problem.. We hear some electro pop-type music playing loud enough so your ear drums are not complaining. The people there are magnificent.. luckily I learned to dress down.. and let me reiterate dressing down. I saw a girl sporting her underwear and nylons.. no, not tights, actual nylons.. you go girl. The people at the pickle know how to do fashion just right, no slutty dresses, basically they wear clothes to solely serve the purpose of their own satisfaction, and wear whatever the heck they want.. not what celeb glam tells them. The scenery is pleasantly dark.. there's the bar on the right, the not-so-exclusive vip tables around.. the best part on the first floor is the outside..its an open area almost like an extension of the parking lot, but they made it work. They have a nicely placed pool table outside, and a casual sitting area including garden sofas and bushes covered in lights.. there's even a charming old telephone booth. While theres the casual conversational atmosphere playing off downstairs, walking upstairs you find yourself in another world. Make a right and you enter into a crowd dancing to the beats of the live DJ playing some sick tunes, a nice bar in the corner, and an opening that acts like a balcony with a view of downstairs and a little view of the skyline of miami. What got to me about the pickle was the extraordinary traits that are not normally played out in other miami clubs. here's a list: -the pickle is not afraid to be dynamic. i like the fact that i can feel like im at a college party downstairs and a concert upstairs. -the people are super friendly. 5 minutes into my pickle experience and we already made friends with a group of people who even invited us to their vip table.. unheard of in the mia. - the music was FAB!.. what other club would play a great combo of electro pop with other not-so-well known rock/indie music? other clubs play the same old top 20 that makes you gag - i like how the pickle sets you up for disaster (why did i drive so far to get to the ghettos?) and then surprises you in the end... my friend and i have nicknamed it the pickle patch. overall great experience and i gave it 4 stars because i didnt get there earlier than 2 am and didnt see the skating ramp during my time there... definitely going there again though!! ps. sorry for the long review, this is my first!
Good sound system upstairs... but if the place is crowded, you might get stuck in the downstairs space, waiting for a bouncer to let you up the stairs, listening to the headliner's set pumped through a less finely tuned sound system. Good booking though (touring european + "underground" djs). Expensive drinks. Friendly crowds. Know what you're going in for to avoid confusion.
The only thing you need to know about this venue in case you are making the mistake of actually wasting time in deliberating whether to go or not: Best bookings/ calendar on the East Coast? Check! Not convinced? Read on: Shady neighborhood? Who gives a shizzle (@Mandy L. - I'm sorry that the the Pickle doesn't support the Susan G. Komen foundation or have valet parking. Personally, I'm weary of anyone who uses phrases like "genuinely concerned".) This "shady" neighborhood is actually located in the only part of Miami worth seeing (Wynwood Arts District.). And, it's free parking all around. This is hands down the best getaway from the Ed Hardy union that is SoBe. It's not only great in comparison- it's great like a universal truth. Why? because it's all about the bookings. No frills. My only reservation is the sound system (talking about the upstairs here)". It's 70% there (comparing with Cielo). A touch harsh, and the ceiling and wall paneling rattle a touch, especially when the floor is not filled with shaking bodies. But that's what alcohol is for- drowning out the minor nuisances.
2nd time coming here. 1st time on the second level. Final stop of the night. No waiting line. The end! lol j/k I had never been to the second level of the club. Would of never figured they had a second level. Anyways, when we arrived it was a little empty however, after 30min to an hour the place was completely filled. The crowd was cool. I dislike it that they almost all smoke inside. It was definitely a killer. The music was good. Something different. I enjoyed watching the DJ and people dancing.
A group of us ended up coming here after seeing The Killers at the AAA, I'd heard that it was the new location of Poplife, which I've been frequenting on and off for years now, so I knew it should be good.... I've been to this venue before they'd started hosting Poplife and the decor hasn't changed much since it was "Circa 28". There is an upstairs and downstairs, the downstairs serves more as a lounge area, with not much dancing going on, upstairs is where the dance floor is...not much space in either room since it was very packed when we went. The dance floor is pretty small compared to vagabond and white room, but the music made up for it...probably because I was there for Poplife but even so, the music was more current than usual, songs I've never heard before, so I was happy to get some new additions to my playlist :-P The only complaints I have about Electric Pickle are that the parking in the hood sucks and the drink prices are crazy expensive for domestic beer, 7 bucks or something like that and they didn't even have Bud light!!!only Miller light :-( I'll be back for Poplife again, just because it seems I always come back to Poplife where ever the venue may be, although since its inception I always counted on Poplife as being reasonably priced, but that's not the case at all with Electric Pickle; when did all these hipsters become so wealthy? when did this scene become so mainstream? :-\   3.5 / 5
this is my deal with the electric pickle. i go on a tuesday night, they are charging $10 to get in. the party (upstairs) didnt get started till 2:30am. i got charged $14 per kettle one on the rocks. van dykes charges $11 for the same drink and van dykes is a fucking palace compared to the pickle. the female bartender was so rude to me for no reason. if youre overcharging me for drinks and including auto-gratuity to my tab you could at least smile back at me. fake it if you have to. im smiling at you because i always smile at those who work in the service industry because i want them to know that i appreciate what they do and hopefully that feeling is reciprocated to me by getting nice and attentive service in return. thats the only reason, im just sayin. the male bartender was much nicer but still pouring overpriced drinks. so why should i go back to the electric pickle again?
Good Old Electric Pickle!  This is the kind of place where you can bet on a good time.  Its a no fuss, always fun kind of place where anything and anyone go.   The music is always awesome, the drinks are reasonable, and you don't have to know someone at the door, they actually let you in without a problem.  Its a great place!
I am a fan of this place.  The always have good music.  The people are not the avarage Miami, no juiceheads or chongas! so awesome!! It kinda sucks that its $20 to get in most (if not everynigght).  But if you like the music and you want to feel like your in Los Angeles in a cool hip club, its TOTALLY worth it. They update there website constantly and for people that know really good music they have amazing DJ's and events.
Not bad.. Music( funky, house...) is ok. If u dont wanna dress up Just wanna dance n drink. this place will fit u. They charge $20 cover to get in.(it was saturday night).
Well it's nice to see Miami finally having great electronic music dj's year round but boy is this place smokey. My husband and I went there and our eyes were burning! AND WE ARE SMOKERS!!!!!! The ventilation upstairs is nonexistent. That and the fact that it is jam packed and small at the same time is nuts. This place really could use a new better ventilated spot. And for $20? That price is close to the price of a huge party at the Hudson Hotel club Good Units here in NYC. Overpriced for sure. They should call this place "Smoked Pickle"
After being to Space many many times, I have grown tired of going there. So I decided to research for another electronic music place and I have heard many good things about Electric Pickle. First of all the entrance was $20 each! for my girl and I - So I paid because I thought it would be worth it. Came in and the first floor was completely EMPTY! so then we headed to the 2nd floor and it was OK - small but the music was not bad and it had a different feel from the regular Miami clubbing scene.
Located on the dirty ghetto streets of downtown Miami When your in the mood for some underground tech house music, this is the spot to go. They bring Djs in from europe just to spin for a night. The drinks here are pretty strong and the prices are the same 15 dollar a drink Miami prices. Its super dark and the beats are incredible. Everytime I go the music is awesome. When i go back to Miami ill be sure to go again.
this is the coolest place in miami.  the music is great there is a real genuine vibe to the place, and the drink prices are reasonable and you don't have so italian douche bag dressed in a versace suit telling you you can't get in because i doesn't like your shirt.  This is the heartbeat of honest electronic music in this city. Its very un-SOBE so you'll either hate it or love it.
Kind of wish I'd had gone to this place a lot earlier in my 8 month stay.  Only went once unfortunately. I'm not into the hipster/indie scene and that nonprescription glasses fad.  I'm there for the music and I had good time when Chris Fortier came in to town.  A few douchebags here and there, but that's expected.  Unfortunately one jackass decided to punch my friend in the gut for no apparent reason and then proceeded to say 'alcohol makes people do weird things.'  And he just kept standing behind us, creepily, with his non-prescription uber-awesome indie glasses and wannabe fedora.  Finally he left with his other friend. The downstairs was chill and that's where we started first.  The music was a nostalgic kick to the 1970's with nu-disco being played.  The dj on the other hand, was having problems train-wrecking, which made me wonder if I could have been able to get some gigs there if I had put in a demo.  Either way, we still kept dancing.  The ambience was great on the 1st floor as well, especially with the vintage porn being played on the wall. The bouncer by the stairs was nice enough to let me go upstairs to see if there was a crowd gathering before paying, which was cool.  But then his other bouncer friend saw it and busted him on it.  Regardless, by about midnight, I asked some people coming down if it was kicking up there and they said yes, so we got our bands and went upstairs. The upstairs was nice and intimate, and it was lively with a good amount of people gyrating to the beats.  The djs that came on before chris were putting on great warm up sets.  The drinks I think were $11 for a jack n coke.  And like others have said though, no ventilation to allow the cig smoke out.  I wreaked of cigarettes when I came out, which sucks ass. As for the ratio...  Like any other place, the ratio will be in favor of the women.  So for the dudes, don't be dumbasses and don't stand around swaying.  If you know how to dance and you have an original clothing style and you show that you're having a good time, more often than not, the ladies will come to you. Overall, this place brings some quality talent and you'd be a fool to miss out on it.
What is the point of this place? I do not get it. The hipsters have as many bars as they need, the music is bad, the drinks are over priced, and they charge twice the cover for half the fun of most places in Miami. The three levels does nothing for me. The DJs are not exactly working it, and the drinks are over priced. I say unless you're being dragged here for some birthday party or something, skip it. Go to vagabond, or club deuce, or just get a 32 and sit on a curb instead.
The Electric Pickle is located at the old Circa 28 space , but much has changed since that building shut its doors. The downstairs has been given a more sophisticated look and the lighting has been re-done. Outside on this night they had a huge tent on what would normally be the parking lot and they had a few bands performing for something different to the sounds that were being showcased inside. A powerful Dynacord system made sure you felt the music. The first band Jesse Jackson? was a bit too emo for my liking , but the second band The Unofficial? were very cool with an MC that was spittin' that fire. The band itself had some serious funk to them with horns drums and live bass. It's amazing how much i've personally taken live music for granted. I'm looking forward to seeing what they did with the upstairs. For a soft opening? I think they did well. Let's see what happens next week ;)
Nicely re-vamped atmosphere.  The new ownership is really paying off as these guys seem to know what they are doing.  They have an amazing sound system that is sure to blow your mind and attract some great DJ's from around the globe.  This place will be poppin for WMC!!  Come and see House DJ Tearle break out some old funky cuts!
let me start by saying that my first visit to two last shoes (yes, that was it's original name--absolutely slays 'electric pickle.' i mean, seriously?) was back when two friends would throw an anything-goes party called fm. in attendance were about 40 hipsters looking to drink and dance to music you wouldn't hear anywhere else in miami, about twelve nicaraguan construction workers that hated us from sight one and lenny kravitz (he was filming a video and apparently had no clue how to drive stick, even if it is a 120k ferrari). this was about 8 years ago. last night, thursday, i went back to check out it's latest incarnation; a thursday night 'rock and roll party billing itself as 'stop, drop and roll.' to be honest, i had some serious reservations after seeing the flyer. totally cliche rockabilly chicks and hot rods, graphics straight out of an early 90's corporate sell-out skateboard magazine and the promise of swing-dancing. oh jesus. seriously, miami: i love you. why is it so fucking hard to do rock and roll right? and then i actually arrived. the crowd, again, was about, maybe forty, fifty people deep. and no one, and i mean no one, stopped dancing. a random spattering of tunes: johnny cash, the buzzcocks, the mighty hannibal, nirvana, thin lizzy, the troggs, devo, king khan, the rolling stones, no bunny, talking heads, t. rex, chuck berry, david bowie, the damned, mark sultan, the doors, kurt vile, joy division, the clash, the ramones, the beatles. they were rocking $3 red stripes all night so pardon me if i can't recall all the music i heard. but yeah, i don't know who the dj's were but thursday night (i can't vouch for the rest of the weekend) there's some serious rock action. i hope they keep this up. it makes me remember why i fell in love with music in the first place. ps. if you're feeling kinda adventurous, they've got an 'old fashioned' that they make with bacon-infused bourbon. weird, but delicious, but still kinda weird. make sure they muddle the sugar and bitters first. our waitress, cute as a button as she was, got sloppy with the prep. super ps. thursday night. no cover.
Who cares if the place is full of hipsters??  It's fun to people watch, get together with a complete group of strangers and enjoy a nice live set by good guest DJ's. I had a great time about two months ago with my friends from California. Luca Bacchetti was in town... Amazing set!!! long live the underground. Will keep going back!!
Came here this past Friday night for the grand opening of the El Bolero room upstairs, can't say no to free drinks and entry, found the place to A ok, but nothing awesome. Can't put my finger on it but just wasn't feeling it. the vibe seemed to be a bit off,  some random older folks were roaming abouts along w the cougars, weird! nevertheless, I wouldn't mind coming back for an event or band
Let me start my review like this; the Pickle IS THE BEST venue in Miami for hearing amazing music in a intimately small but SUPER FUN room. The Pickle is Miami's version of CBGB in a much more EDM vein. This place ROCKS. If your a snotty nosed stuck up poseur wearing designer clothes - stay the fuck away. If your a cool cat who likes strong ass drinks that are a bargain, and dancing your ass off, come on down. I saw Carl Craig last March ( for $20 friggen dollars!!! ) BLOW THE ROOF off this place. UNFUCKING REAL. No pretense, no frills, JUST FUN. Note - the upstairs and downstairs rooms are small and can get packed, hot, and smokey - act according - dance your ass off! Long live the Pickle!!!
Get some ventilation on the second floor...please.
I love this neighborhood spot.  Excellent place to bring friends to drink and have a good time.
This place is the most poppin' underground spot in Miami. Sick DJs, casual atmosphere- if u can deal with paying $20 to get into a bar, it's well worth it!
We went to da Pick last night for some drinks and cigarettes. Circa was fun, so we def wanted to check the new place out. Everything has been re-done to look much less divey. The bar and walls are umm...wood-panely, and the couches, chairs are better. The upstairs and outside were closed, so don't really have much to say bout them. It was pretty dead (bad for a Saturday, right?), so the night wasn't too exciting. We'll prob go back in a few weeks once WOM turns it into another Vagabond or White Room (for better or for worse).
The Pickle is a breed all its own. If you're a music snob: this is for you. If you're looking for a place to party: this is for you. Yes, it's insanely smokey. Yes, it's kind of a dive bar.  But that's part of its charm. And it IS charming. The decore is as eclectic as its crowd and the DJ will keep you on your feet until you're ready to crawl home.
Home sweet hipsterific home! I honestly don't mind forking over the 10-15 dollar cover at this place because the music is usually good and of indie persuasion, they have an excellent sound system, friendly bartenders and good drinks. I don't think I've ever had a bad time here. My only complaint is that it's small (but cozy) and there are times when the upstairs floor shakes so much I am certain it's going to cave in. I get the impression that this place switches up the decor a bit every few months, at least upstairs, and I appreciate that. A change of scenery is always nice. This is also probably one of the only clubs where I feel comfortable to dance alone without the fear of being harassed by unwanted mens. Loveity love the Pickle and I will keep coming back!
I've been going here for years, and I've had some really really good times here.  The space out back has lots of funky furniture for you to sit on, or foosball if you want some friendly competition.  The space inside is small, but inviting.  Only recently did I realize that the stage and the men's bathroom are not so strategically located.  If you are too close to the stage (which of course you would want to be to see the act) you will most definitely be in the way of considerable traffic going in and out of the bathroom.  I thought that was a rather silly layout, but besides that the Electric Pickle is a solid place to kick back.
So, no matter if this place was a total dump and charged $50.00 a beer it gets at least a star for its freakin' name.  I mean, come on... it's the Electric Pickle! I admit that I have only been there once and that might not be enough to write a fair review but I am going to anyway because that is the Yelp way, right?   I liked some of the analogies in the other reviews about the neighborhood that the EP is in.  What can I say... I think shady would be appropriate.  But, that goes for the appearance of most of the nights in the art district when there isn't a gallery walk or some other event going on.  The outside of the EP is pretty non-descript at night except for a red neon sign that says "BAR" and another green one that escapes me at the moment.  So, unless you already know where it is or have your GPS going, you could miss it.  Why not add a big neon pickle outside?!?! They do have a happy hour until 11 or so with half prices drinks which is nice but there really isn't that many people around until after midnight.  So, you can drink cheap and alone or bring a bunch of friends to get primed for the rest of the night.  After happy hour, they tend to have some drink special that can get you through the rest of the night.  My night, it was Red Stripe for $3 or $4 a bottle.  Can't remember after the rest of the night... The back patio area is good for a show, nice area to dance, two extra drink stations the night I was there, a few lines of comfy seats, a snack area selling some freakin' huge killer hot dogs and a pool table for the early part of the night.   The staff wasn't rude but wasn't exactly friendly, either.  The DJ in the front section was good to set a background mood for the club but not memorable.  The crowd is a real mix of ages and styles.  There were early 20's to guys with grey beards trancing it up.  Everyone seemed to be having a good time.  Even the middle aged guy who was either mentally ill or X'd up and talking to himself looked like he was having a great time until security caught on and escorted him out.   But, there just wasn't that energy that I expected and if you aren't a regular, you may seem a little marginalized.   I went to see a performance, so there was no cover besides the ticket price.  The night started to get good after midnight when the DJ in the back area began to get the music louder and more people started to show.   When Amanda Blank took the stage around 1:15, there was a good crowd and not an area where you couldn't see the stage.  It made for a good intimate show.  With her energy on stage, it made the whole night work.   Overall, I would come back to the EP with a good group of friends after say 12:30 and definitely return for one of their shows.
half price drinks till 11 music here has always made me dance dance dance i really like it's back 'yard', great for chillin' with your besties up stairs does get hot but hey, when you are dancing, you get hot so deal and super friendly staff, patrick, heather and inbal..thanks!
Why the hell do they charge a $20 cover charge? Its why I dont go.
Ehh. I don't know about this place, it's obviously a dive bar, but for some reason you have to pay cover. Luckily, though I was on the list when I came for opening night of the Bolero Room. To sum it up, this place was a little weird complete with trees on the ceiling, mismatched sofas, staring old guys and a crazy drunk lady who tried to befriend me (no idea what she was saying). I didn't love the music and the band they had was terrible. On a high note there were free drinks and the more I drank the less sketched out I was. The upstairs room was neat looking, red glass was everywhere, but again I didn't love the music.
This place is a solid little hipster dive bar. The decor is nice and the patio can be fun. I am super competitive so I have fun with the pool and fooseball. I have never had to pay a cover at Electric Pickle. If a there is a DJ or artist playing you are dying to see, maybe it would be worth it, but for a normal night I would not pay to get in.
the PICKLE is a pretty cool spot. drinks are way over priced for the venue and the clientele. the music was fresh and hip. the lighting sets the mood for a good time, and the decor reminds me of bardot if they didnt have the few extra thousand dollars to spend. the bar is GREAT, hugeeee selection of liquors! yet all priced too high. it is a overall cool place, interesting people. and i hear a hot girl lives down the street
Let me start by saying that I'm a Broward girl not Miami.  Therefore, I did not know about this place AT ALL!!!  An intern (budding DJ) from Italy told me about it.  One word, WOW.  The beat, the crowd, the feel was so sweet and heavy you get lost in yourself moving to what the DJs are putting down.  Definitely worth the 45 minute drive.
Best place for music in Miami
Its like you moved to Detroit, or Chicago...because Yes people; somewhere amidst all the glittery, shiney shoed, too much hair gel, and bottle whoring douchebaggery in Disney World (South Beach), where the DJ who is probably the bouncer's cousin plays the same 8  commercial "House" tracks from the radio and 2 summers ago, there is THE PICKLE. Some complain about the 15$ Cover charge on most, but not all Friday and Saturday nights (they have a full lineup starting each Wednesday), but they use that money to get the FRESHEST, local and INTERNATIONAL DJ's, and Live Electronic bands in the entire city. They have also used the money to make lovely renovations over the past year or so...including the infamous big red REVOLT sign below the DJ booth, the Big Ominous Red Disco "Sun", and even the plush black woodpolished bathrooms, with the walls covered in graffiti style stuff thats just cool...and even a ledge above the urinal to place your drink...or whatever.                  No, the occupancy isn't 5,000 people, its more like 100 max (especially in the upstairs room), No, you probably won't see some celebrity there, but this is the place to "Get Deep". In 3 years, every time I start my way up the stairs around 1am and feel that "BOOM...BOOM....BOOM..." not too fast, kinda slow groove, and see all the bodies just moving....side to side....in unison, I think "Yesss....I'm home." Party goes until 5, sometimes 6:30, there are 5 big booth tables (3 upstairs) for you to chill with your crew, or new friends. The fog machine fills the whole damn room, and cools everyone off, the resident bartender's  (Big Pat, Carola, and the tattoo girl )always remember your name, even if they don't smile and have 36 D cups. A Black Label is 10$ including tip, Stella is 9$, oh, and I've never seen a fight. This place isn't for people who "don't like this kind of music", its for artists, and people who appreciate artists, everyone is casually to uniquely and sheekly dressed, especially the girls with their little Paris hats, and dudes with cool scarves. You won't hear any Canadian Rap here, but if you want to REVOLT, and get DEEP....Stop Crying, Pay the 15$ (easily half the price of Wall, Space, Mansion, Cameo etc) and come to the Electric Pickle. I will see you there.
For those who love music and do not love pretentiousness, the Pickle is the place to go.  It really reminds me of the old "Blue" on the beach - not very glamorous but kick ass music.  Upstairs is usually higher tempo than the downstairs area.  There is never a wait so just go right in.  They play different genres on different nights so be sure to ask before you go.  But the house music on Friday nights is exceptional and the crowd is there to dance and have fun rather than be seen.  They also frequently have guest DJ's so every trip to the pickle is a new adventure.  Oh and the drink prices aren't bad either.
This place was kind of scary to be honest with you.  Bouncer guy was a complete d bag and the people seem a bit sketch.  There is an upstairs and downstairs DJ but I still don't think it was worth the $20 dollar cover we paid during Ultra Music Festival.  I would have rather slept than gone to this place.
This place is a cool little hole in the wall bar. It doesn't really start to pick up until around 1am...but that's the same with most places in Miami. The drinks here aren't bad...they are a little overpriced though. I'll come here again if I'm in the area, but I don't see myself going out of my way just to come here.
The Beer Selection here is very Unique. No budlight, coors or miller lite. From what Im told There never is a cover charge also.Jacob C said it best This place doesnt pick up till after 12am but once it does the crowd get wild.
This has been one of my favorite spots in the US for a long time. The Musical Direction and the DJs they book are always great. The place is looking better and better every year. I love the outdoor space. Drinks are awesome. Sound is amazing. The only downfall is ventilation. It is so smoky on the second floor becomes almost unbearable at times.
Really chill place! We went here for the first time last weekend and had a blast. It's really intimate inside, where there is a big bar, a DJ setup, and a small dance floor. Outside, there is a great patio with lots of eclectic seating and a freakin' DISCO BALL! Yeah! Very nice, relaxed little club.
I have never been disappointed by the music they play at "El Pepino." Although the name of the club sounds like one of the toys you buy at the naughty store, it makes for a great night (I guess so does the other thing but now we are getting off topic).  The place is small when you walk in but there are paths and stairways that lead to the outdoors or upstairs - where there is much more space and more great music.  The place is very ambient and chill reminds me of a place lost in time.  Last night we were there for the music styling of Jaime Jones and friends and I had a great time with good company.  The decor reminds me of a place I went to when I was in Berlin (and anything that reminds me of Europe is a good thing).  One of the cool things about this place is that you can go dolled up or in jeans and white t-shirt and you won't get snubbed.
Im into music and this place has it. its a trendy lounge with a upstairs.. def has a trendy hipster vibe.... i was not a fan of the venue but im loving the music there! good to come after wynwood art walk!!
Great atmosphere, 3 separate rooms each with ambiance suited to the happenings there (house dancing, live music, patio).  Great live venue, the acoustics are fantastic.  The drinks were a bit pricy for what they had and selection was a tad limited when it comes to higher end cocktails.  It'd also be nice if the seperate rooms did more than house music on the turntable.  I think all Miami clubs and bars need to expand their dance musical palate beyond house (10 years gone, now back again, and travelling the world has shown me that this town is still monotonous when it comes to dance music.  DJs, there is such a thing as funky music!).  Different music in the different areas would aid the ambiance and keep me there longer, and probably bump my review to 5 stars.  For example, if you're doing house upstairs do some hip hop on the patio or vice-versa.  Overall a great place.  I shall return.
This place is alright. Drinks are pricy and the door can be a bit annoying. The girl at the door pretends she doesn't know who I am even though I probably go at least 2x a month. That said, get yourself on the list and you won't have to pay the $10 to get in or deal with her silly pretentious attitude.  Other than that i like the place.
whenever one of my best friends rolls into town, she's always like LETS GO TO THE PICKLE! we always get excited for the non pretentious atmosphere and great beats. drinks are on the little expensive side, but hey, it's miami - i think we should be used to the drink prices. when it comes down to it, you wanna dance, have a great time and enjoy the miami nightlife in a different atmosphere, then the pickle is the place for you.
Let me start by saying if you are a hipster -- this place is for you. And this is how I came to realize The Electric Pickle was not for me: -$5/$25 cover charges ($25 was to go upstairs); five isn't so bad but for this venue me thinks not. I know of better places that don't have a cover charge -they need a bar outside hands down. The only bar is inside, small and takes forever to get a drink. Once you get the bartender's attention they can't remember your order (2 drinks), what your name is, your tab, etc. -when the guys have longer hair than I do and girls are being asked if they made their dress that's just not my spot. I have never seen so many guys with shorts on in a bar in my life! Needless to say I felt out of place and it was clear who didn't realize they were coming to this spot. - the music was just ok. They had DJs outside on the patio and inside and we would migrate from one place to another when one started sounding not so great, and I love the kind of music they were playing but the transitions were off and I just wasn't feeling it. A few pros: they have an outdoor patio, you can smoke inside (smoker obviously), great people watching. When we left we were told, "hey, you can't come back in once you leave." No problem lady!
Great music and if you want to avoid the long lines and are not in mood for the beach this is the place to go.
Been here three times and it has gotten better each time i have went. It has a great mix of music such as classic, rock, house and some hip hop. When it gets crowded inside you can go party in their outside area. I like this place because it has options.
I have gone to this building long before it was Electric even before Circa was there. The remodel has been done well as The Pickle. Hands down the best place to hear the widest and best variety of Electronic music in Miami. This includes the bigger places like Liv & Space etc.. As for interior lighting... Too Dark. Im all about dark but eye squinting cant see my girl next too me dark?! When you add the smoke from cigarettes upstaires and very poor ventilation it soon becomes a dark death trap. If your a non smoker it will be absolute hell for you that you will feel in the morning. The positives are there, Like the outdoor patio for smoking as well as opertunity for larger outdoor experiance and other djs. The downstairs is also a good place to decompress for other sounds.. But the sound downstairs lacks power and balance. Im leaving the best for last.... The staff, well not the whole staff... Bartenders for the most part are on it. I have a favorite there she takes great care of me. Its weakest link really is the door staff. Very rude and well unhappy. From years of being in the nightclub business in the past as a club kid and industry insider you have to love what you do and take pride in it. These girls for the most part dont remember you or if they do they dont give a S***. When you take the time to call ahead and let the owner and said bartender know your coming as to hopefully avoid any BS they will let you in spitefully... If they would see this and change their attitude or better change the door staff, one that remembers people who love the place and people who well are in the industry this place could easily be the BEST club in Miami. This being said they can learn from 5 star clubs Russell at Bardot and Reece at Vagabond when it comes to the door. In the end the music keeps me its just getting over the negative bad energy you have to get through that is its low point of going there.
Not a safe place. My car was broken into right across the street along with at least 2 other cars in just one hour and half. Way over-priced cover charge, over-priced drinks, too small inside, terrible venue for live music. I come to find out that cars get broken into pretty regularly at electric pickle. there are so many better options in Miami. not worth it.
Much like every club/bar/lounge/party in miami, you can be certain that the venue doesn't mean shit unless there's good music, affordably priced drinks, easy access, no cover and a room full of good looking people.  Electric Pickle nails it on MOST of those factors, and for that it gets my patronage, but you'd better start hitting the flask in the car if you want to make rent this  month.  The downstairs lounge is totally my style with dope beats on a magnificent DJ setup (no joke, i lust over the wood finish every single time) while upstairs boasts a sound system with Dyna speakers that make you wonder why you ever though listening to music on mediocre systems was fun.  If you've got bass in your bones like I do, you'll find yourself upstairs frequently (though I do sometimes find myself bored to death with progressive house that a 5 year old could create on a fisher price "my first sound machine").  Like everywhere in the neighborhood, park close, carry a blade and laugh mercilessly at the lengths we put ourselves through for a good time.
Where have all the hipsters gone ? ... After some yummy drinks at Sugarcane my friend and I decide to keep the good times going and pop into the Pickle since it was in the neighborhood. Bad Idea, I should have listened to all the bad omens, maybe it was the lack of line outside, or the plump middle aged guy in a white speedo with matching sweat armbands that should have told us this was going to be an interesting experience. We pay ten dollars cover and head inside expecting to see some sort of live band. (Cover means entertainment right?) The main room was lacking décor except for the some cliché Bettie Page type stuff playing on a projector. And then there was the music ... Oh the Music ... Think 1990s Middle School Rap with the occasional Disco/Techno mashups. Major Fail ! And then ... there was the people dancing to the music, typical wanna be swinger types who were shorter than me ( I'm 5'4 and wasn't wearing heels) ... The upstairs rooms wasn't any better. My poor friend and I were actually in a dancing mood yet could not help but laugh at our surroundings. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Downtown LA where the guys actually wear skinny jeans with  Ray Bans and look hot in them ? ... Sighhhh... Next time I'm in the mood for a dive bar I'll head on over to Buck 15 or Automatic Slims which don't charge a cover, and have way better music.
Cool place but the music sux!!! You gotta be on something to get in the groove. First time there and last. Not satisfied at all.
eclectic non-sobe crowd, plus no dress code in a relaxed atmosphere.  pool table, vintage foosball table and a great outside area with vintage decor.  low key chill spot to get your reconnect or get your creep on!  good drink prices with a well-rounded selection of call and well brands.  music is diverse; meaning just feel the vibe...your song will play soon (i.e., STFU!).
Bouncers are dicks apropos of nothing and the place is dead more often than not. They got rid of the outside area, too. As far as the crowd goes it's either hipsters spending their parents money or... no, that's it. Being able to smoke a joint is the place's only redeeming quality.
i love this place they play really really good music here underground stuff im a huge fan of the place and music what i find annoying is the line to go upstairs and it can get crowded up there what i wish they had was windos or some air system to blow out all the cigarette smoke or just the heat it gets hard to breath sometimes thats my only complaint but overall great music i miss this place so much i wish i hadnt moved toSF
Ahh the Electric Pickle. This is usually not a place you plan your night around, but more so someone in the group declares it as the next destination of the night. They usually have a $10-20 cover, so if you can get over that you're in for a fun night. Drink prices are reasonable, sound system incredible and music is dark, deep and dreamy. There's an atmosphere in the upstairs of the Pickle that's impossible to replicate. This place is not for the faint of heart. Minus 1 star for not serving drinks past 3AM.
I'm not going to lie. The first time I came to the pickle, I was offended. I thought the place was disgusting, and that I was being charged twenty bucks on a random Saturday was, I thought, tantamount to having my testicles dragged through broken glass. Excessive, I know, but come on. Twenty bucks. For this hole. In this run-down neighborhood. In this town with so many other options. Still, though. Time and time again, the Pickle was the destination du jour. A party here. A drink there. A backyard barbecue. A PBR. Ten PBRs. Thirty PBRs. The thing is that... the place, it grew on me. I don't know when it happened. Or even how. It's the Forrest to my Jenny. Sure, yeah, I was furious when the Pickle f'ed up my Black Panther gathering, but it did it for me... for ME. All I'm saying is that... this place is like ivy growing up the side of a building. The process is slow going, and every so often, you'll want to send it back to the hell it came from, but over time, you'll realize that the 3rd Circle from which this place escaped -- and the darkness and loud music and atmospheric levels of cigarette smoke -- is more a home to you than this world and that the wait was ever so worth it. This is not a ringing endorsement, I know. All I'm saying is... if you didn't like this place at first, give it another chance. Rock the Coke machine back and forth until it either tips over or gives you its fizzy innards.
Yes, I will acknowledge that this place does often attract good live acts to their venue. How they do it, I don't know. This place is a trash hole. And don't get me wrong, I love a good trashy place. But the Electric Pickle seems to have no idea that it's kind of a dump because they're always trying to charge you $10-$20 cover at the door to go to their crappy bar even when there's no one playing inside. Seriously? Have the people working the door ever been inside? That's the only way I can comprehend them asking you for this kind of cash with a straight face. I think during Art Basel they actually jacked up the cover charge to $25/$30. We laughed all the way to the next bar. Once you get inside, the drinks aren't really that cheap either. This place needs to take a cue from Purdy Lounge whose tagline is "no cover. no bull****". Because it seems that the Electric Pickle is really just full of ****.
True to its name, this place was mostly dudes.  The goods were odd and the odds weren't good either.  It was half-empty on a "featured" Friday night, and the place filled up to that level late, after 1AM. The sound system was unexpectedly well-tuned and the DJs obviously had pretty good EDM pedigree.  Except they played 12 minute long versions of songs.  If you want to hear the same musical stanza looped 12 million times, this place is for you.
