I stayed at Shore club when I went to Miami and I don't get why Skybar isn't on an elevated venue..it's on ground floor! Anyway, there are serene like bench swings, swings, dimly lit tables to give you the Miami vibe.  Drinks are crazy expensive and tip is already included in your bill, which is annoying.   Enjoy the scene, enjoy Miami.
Lovely outside space with a Moroccan theme. Drinks were right on, but pricey though not surprising at trendy locale such as the Shore Club. I would definitely come here again!
Cool location with cool outdoor furniture but bartenders are rude and horrible service not worth it
The reviews for this place was so great I had to check it out. Yes it's very sexy .. Yes there are lots of lanterns every where ..yes the drinks are very expensive .. I had the watermelon smasher .. It was ok but for $19 it could have had a lot more kick to it! The crowd is very small on Sundays .. If you are looking for laid back this is the place ..
Very cool vibe, love the lanterns (but damn hard to see and hard to be seen by the servers) and "Sky" means you can see the sky and are out in the open beneath it, not that it's up in the sky.
Tried to rip me off. We were inside watching the World Cup in the afternoon with about 10 other people. The bartender only had 2 tabs open. When I tried to close out, he told me he lost my card. How is that possible with only 2 tabs?? Can you imagine when it actually got busy? He pretended to look for about 20 min. As I got louder and louder the manager finally came over and found it in 10 seconds. Couldn't have been that hard to find, huh? I'm pretty sure the bartender was just hoping that I would leave so he could steal my card.
Seamless in-and-out of Red Room, Skybar is one of my favorite places on South Beach for allowing me a not-so-simple break from reality.  In the evening, this place is perfect for lounging as tables and bed-lounges are canopied  by trees, the moonlight and the stars are seen through the leaves.  Lanterns give this place a nice, sexy glow.   Bring a small group of friends here, as this is an 'older' establishment, but still very cool and very nice.  Be warned, though, you'll be disappointed if its raining as the bar is outside.
just a another bar... ok service, eh,,, but hey its Miami, its hard to find great service there
Place is beautiful but service isn't the best plus it's getting a bit outdated...nobody goes there anymore...they should revamp it ASAP to keep up with the rest of the new cooler places nearby.
I can still count on SkyBar for an easy drink with friends in a nice setting. It might not be the shiny, new place or the most exclusive, over priced lounge/bar. But the lanterns still offer a nice touch, the lighting is still enchanting and somewhat reminiscent of what romantic nights should feel like. The interior bar is still accessible perhaps maybe even more than it ever was. It no longer feels like an "it" spot. Instead, it's casual in a well-etched, heard-earned way. Walking around recently it was more of a homey party of familiars and tourists that want the familiar feel. I do wish more people would dance here but alas nothing is perfect, this place is mingle and sway. I enjoy sitting outside, I can still listen to the music but there's nothing like a crisp Miami night. I hope more people remember this place is here.
This was my first taste of nightlife in Miami and boy was I impressed.  I loved it!  Beautiful, beautiful people, gorgeous rose colors, everything was aesthetically pleasing.  My favorite thing about Miami were all the outdoor lounges and SkyBar was no exception.   I also had my first $19 Miami drink here.  Woo hoo!  And now I'm brokey broke....  :)
I REALLY like this place.  We were looking for a relaxed place with a bar, good music, and good company for the night.  We didn't want to go crazy the night before our first Ultra Music Festival (yelp.com/biz/ultra-music…) experience, so we decided it was going to be a low-key night for us.  We found this place on Yelp, and I totally fell in love the minute we walked in.  This is the way all clubs and lounges SHOULD be!  You wouldn't even know this lounge existed in the Shoreclub Hotel if someone didn't tell you about it.  We saw tons of people walking in and out of this hotel, and we figured this was where we were going.   The entrance to Skybar was towards the back of the lobby.  It was so inconspicuous until we heard the sound of the music blasting throughout.  There's a narrow walkway that led to a bar and an open space with lounge chairs and a little dance floor.  It felt like we were in a little forest party with all the trees and flowers that surrounded the place.  There's also another indoor bar off to the side.  And a little beyond that was the pool area.  This was my favorite part - there were lounges and cabanas all over the place, and you don't have to purchase bottle service!  It was just so nice to lay out in the warm night with a drink in my hand and great company to share it all with.   There's no cover and they're opened until 5am!  There's no dress code, so you can walk in with shorts and flip flops if you choose.  Prices for the drinks are a bit steep though, but the bartenders definitely make them really strong :) I highly recommend this place!
I always have a good time at the Shore Club. Beautiful patio, great bar, and the Red Room if you want to dance. As far as the drinks are concerned, I was pleasantly surprised. I had two of the "Tequila Frescos," and they were delicious. I'm always up for mixed tequila drinks, and these didn't disappoint. They end up being about $17/each after tip, etc...so that's like a bargain on South Beach! However, for drink quality--I'd hit up the Martini Bar at The Raleigh. This is more for the all-around beach experience. Nice, nice, nice. Tip: Avoid the creepers that ask you if you're going to SkyBar. Just go on your own...you don't need 'em.
Sky Bar is one of the actual bars located inside the Shore Club, and the only one that was open when Alexandra and I popped in to take a quick tour of the outside area. I think all the lounge stuff may technically be related to Sky Bar, but since I reviewed that under the Shore Club as a whole this review is specifically about the Red Room bar located at the center of the place. It somewhat embodied everything I expected Miami Beach to be, on a smaller scale than all the mega-club places are, and thankfully without the insane $20-30 covers. This is the kind of place you can hear from two blocks away, and I'm surprised that it was this loud given that people are staying in rooms very nearby in the very same hotel. I'm not just talking loud where you can't hear the person next to you, I'm talking loud as in you don't need a straw for your drink because the liquid is bouncing out of the glass. Considering the place wasn't all that packed on the night we went I'm not really sure the need to be putting on the front of a loaded dance club. And honestly, not that many people were even dancing, as we were pretty much the only pair in there not hooking up or looking to do so. The bouncers did ID us at the door, but I swear a lot of this crowd was rather underage... The drinks are fairly expensive at $14-16 per cocktail for their signature mixes, but thankfully they were quite strong. Our bartender changed one of the spirits in my drink by mistake, since it was a new addition, but she was possibly the hottest woman I had seen so far in Miami, so I let it go, and was rewarded with a double pour the next go 'round. By the end of the night she was just making me drinks as soon as I walked back in the door from the outside patio, which says something good for an awesome bartender, but not so much about how busy (or lack thereof) it was. I'm not entirely sure I would enjoy this experience more on a crowded night, which I'm pretty sure happens more often than not. It was nice to be able to take in the plush surroundings just outside the booming music and still hear it, as well as getting away from the enclosed smoke, but I can totally see this as the kind of place where douches go to form their horde for the evening.
Beautiful decor - I love the lobby of The Shore Club.  Walk outside and you're at the Skybar.  Grab a drink and lounge around on comfy couches and/or cushions.  Make sure you spray some OFF! before you go - because it's a very leafy area, there are many mosquitoes waiting to prey on your blood. I was slightly freaked out by the fake frog croaking noises in the water, but I suppose that adds to the ambience? Expensive drinks, but overall, a nice chill place to hang out and people watch.
This place was so chill.  There was no line... no cover charge... and the venue itself is really comfortable and picturesque.  There was an overabundance of places to sit - which is raaaaaaaaaaaaare anywhere, and it seemed like everyone just wanted to have a good time.  The waitresses weren't skanky at all, and were VERY accommodating.  They kept coming by asking if we were good, and always said, "Okay, my name is BLAH BLAH, just let me know if you need anything!"  Such service!!  The main room played hip-hop, and there were never lines at the restrooms. 1 negative star for the weak, expensive drinks.  $15-$18 per cocktail, and it doesn't seem like there's any alcohol in there!  I actually went back to the bartender thinking he mistakenly just heard the word "cranberry" outta my mouth.  I think I insulted him when I said, "I asked for VODKA cranberry."  He thankfully tipped about a shot more of goose in my cup w/ no hesitation... but never tried to serve me again when I returned to the bar =P
I agree with my friend Elizabeth.  Great place.  Super swanky and hip.  Lots of really cute people who are well coiffed and well dressed are lingering around the indoor and outdoor space sipping their uber expensive drinks. I don't remember the background music but I did love the ambiance regardless.  There are plenty of place to sit too.  Indoors or out. I have to say, I didn't think it but Miami has a lot of super fun lounges.  I think I liked the lounges more than I like the clubs there.  If only we had some places like this in SF.
Super classy, posh, sophisticated, trendy and hip.  Laid back and relaxed. Order a drink and find a couch or bed to sit on and have a romantic night with your significant other or chat with a bunch of friends. This place is gorgeous with it's beautiful garden and beautiful ambience. You'll never have to worry about your glass being empty. The waitresses are very attentive! Another sexy place in Miami!
Super Cool inside but kind of a lame crowd when we went. Stars: 1) Bartenders were fast 2) Cool factor is high 3) atmosphere/ambiance
Lashanda's explanation is pretty darn accurate!! Absolutely love the shore club -  but you will waste a ridiculous amount of time getting in unless you either A. Know someone there. B. Get on a guestlist. C. reserve a table. This is a super posh Miami hotspot...i had a hell of a time and GOT LUCKY with no entry issues..2 ropes, one at the main entrance and one at the VIP red room bar. It was a chilly night, so the red room bar was especially slammed. My friend was DJin in there so we didn't have any waiting probs, but i watched a lot of beautiful people, both girls and guys get turned away. I usually like to skip this kind of pretentiousness, but wtf, you're in South Beach!
We wanted to go to a hot club in miami and we stumbled upon this place which is in the back of some random hotel. the entrance was cool. you could party outside in the sweaty ass heat or you could chill inside. we went inside and thankfully there was no cover charge because we only had one pricey ass drink and then bounced. but before we could do that we had to PEE realllly badly. we found the bathroom which was through another door in the back by the hotel elevator of some sorts. when we tried to get back in, the door was locked!! i had to bang on the door numerous times before someone could let us back in! now the bar was another different story! the jackass bartender took FOREVER to acknowledge me and was paying more attention to what looked like to be regulars. then when he finally paid attention, the lady bartender was going to get our drink but she passed it on to the douchebag bartender! we ordered two drinks and he came back with four! he certainly was not listening! Horrible experience! it was so bad that our newly found rich German friends wanted to leave! thats when you know this place sucks!!!
We went because it was 1 am and we were looking for a place that was good but did not require a cover.  This fit the bill... The people here are a wide mix.  I wouldn't say they are beautiful.. but they are interesting.  My gf and I were hit on by a bunch of interesting people here.   Drinks are pricey.. it includes tip though.. $13-14 per drink.  No cover though!  And it fills up.. pretty late though.. I'd say around 3 am or so. Couches on the side.. and you don't have to buy a bottle.. another plus.  It's a little run down though.. I wouldn't say it's posh.  More posh outside.
Skybar is an almost perfect blend of upscale and laid back. The outdoor lounge is dark and intimate. It might be one of the best places for drinking under the stars. The service is fast and friendly and the drinks they serve up are worth the price. That price is going to be fairly high...about the same amount you would pay for a cocktail lounge drink in NYC...and they add the 18% tip on top of that, but I plan to go back again and you should too. Have fun. G
This is my kind of place when I'm in the mood to dress up, lounge and still show off South Beach nightlife to my out of town friends without dirty club nubbin'. The outdoor patio offers an ideal 'a la fresco' atmosphere to enjoy the night and lounge on some modern outdoor furniture. The overgrown vegetation is so cozy and comfortable if you want to sneak out away from the bar and music. I love the lights and lanterns. Inside is on the smaller side but still has table service, a pool table in back, small dance floor, and standard bar offerings. DJ's are there most every Thurs-Sun nights and every time I've been, they play spin really fun dance music. Not all Euro House music that floods most of the south beach scene. I love the more intimate feel of it as opposed to hyped up clubs and super exclusive lounges. If you're a guest at the hotel they can put packages together for you that include Sky Bar table service and/or pool cabana service during the day. Otherwise if you're a walk in expect $10-$20 per drink. No happy hours that I know of. A big downside is the restrooms are out the back door and way down the hall. Sometimes making the trek multiple times per night can slightly buzz kill your night because round trip it's def over 5 minutes. But no worries, the DJ will get you back in the groove!
another MUST-GO-TO in south beach!!!  you've got to go when the weather is nice, as it's an outdoor spot.  You will NEVER see anything like this in the Midwest.  The people are very nice as well as nice to look at!!  bienvenidos a miami....  : ) I have heard Nobu called the best sushi in the world, however, I haven't tried it yet, as I didn't like sushi at the times I've been to Shore Club!  yes, I know.....i'm a late sushi-bloomer!  I will definitely stop there for some rolls next time I'm there. I wouldn't stay all night at the Sky Bar, as it's pretty low key and when in Miami, I always have to kick it up 5 notches!  It's a nice place to start off the night off though.
If you really want to feel like you are in South Beach (like it looks on TV or in a movie) go to SkyBar.  The outdoor lounge area is very Mediterranean with lights in the trees and pillows on the ground to sit on.  There are cabanas and beds around the pool filled with people looking too cool for school.  Drinks are NOT cheap but we didn't have to pay cover to get in (on the Saturday night that we went) and we even checked out the 'red room' where they play hiphop and some salsa music for free. Some nights it is a major scene and is hard to get into, but we had no problem last week--maybe not the place to go during high season.
I had a great time at this bar on the two nights that I came here. The first night just for a little while, but with a group of friends and we played some pool on the modern table secretly hidden in the back. The second night we stayed a bit longer and I started to loosen up and get my boogie on. My Manhattans were mixed well and were very tasty, I don't remember how much $$$ everything was because my friend was hooking me up all night long. It helps to Yelp people! One of my best memories from my weekend in South Beach this trip was the awesome sax house music some performer was belting out from atop the bar. I really didn't pay too much attention to who was actually playing that night I was just having a good time and dancing, but the music is stuck in my head a few days after. SkyBar rocked!
Such an awesome spot! Great atmosphere, chill music, and a ton of private cozy nooks to relax with a date or a group of friends. The hanging  balls of light in the trees were lovely. We went on a Sunday night around 8, so it was nearly empty when we arrived. By 11, all the beds and and tables were full but the cabanas by the pool were still open. Seems like the drinks would be expensive, but our were bought for us so I wouldn't know :) There's a lady who walks around with a shelf around her waist with snacks- chips, candy, sort of like a baseball. Kind of ruins the atmosphere a little bit.
daytime pool scene is priceless. bodies, bodies everywhere. when we made a comment to our miami born-and-bred friend about the month-long beach-body prep for the Miami vacay, she replies "oh the people at this pool have been preparing since they were born". can't compete with that... lay around on the beach beds, swim in the glorious pool, dance to the best djs, and bring out your twenty year old self for some serious stiff day-drinking. top-notch food and drink, and great service from the waitstaff, bartenders, and bouncers alike. prepare to feel a little worse about yourself after seeing all those bodies though...
My husband and I asked the bartender to send over a waitress because we wanted the Mediterranean platter. About 15 minutes passed, still no server so he told her forget it. Then like magic, the server pops up and says she put in the platter, despite never speaking to us. The platter itself was ok, the service here is ridiculous. Melody, our server came over one time despite the nearly empty area. Other patrons had to order from the bar as well because she could not be bothered and was too busy laughing with the bartender.  The best food and ambience in the world would not be worth the patience it takes to endure the service here.
The Red Room smelled like old cigars and was completely empty at 1145 PM on Friday night November 1st.   I was not told by the bartender that were going to hold 100.00 on my card when I opened my tab, I . My fiance and I sat outside in the patio because it smelled better and there were more people outside. It was very ho hum we finished our drink and left. Oh and to date 11/8/13 not even a courtesy response from the company. There are many hip places in South Beach, this used to be one of them but alas their reputation precedes them and they do not have to disclose basic information to patrons or respond to customer queries.
Always a fun time, with great bartenders. They lose a star for having bad music usually. Bring your wallet, you will be paying the usual high end of sobe prices. Most of my drinks were $18 each. The outdoor seating is awesome as well, love this place and will be back.
A bit on the small side, this lounge is near the pool area of the Shore Club Hotel....nice crowd...good tunes..but way overpriced drinks...a vodka cranberry was $21 plus tip. If you feel like indulging then yes..go ahead..but for that kinda money..I'd rather go somewhere else... For being a Saturday Night...the place was kinda empty...We didn't pay any cover charge..not sure if there's one.
I stumbled in here around 2am Saturday night and wasn't impressed. It didn't feel like fabby southbeach. Then again, that's what I was hoping for/expecting so inevitably it fell short.  This place is way more chill than the rest of Collins I think and is more of a relaxed spot. The outside attests to this and has a bunch of plush couches to relax on.  The lanterns yield a chill glow to outside. I'd like a drink outside there with a friend, not inside the actual bar. Inside is relatively small. The crowd wasn't glamorous or trendy. It was a mixed age group. There's a small bar right when you enter that sells $17 vodka sodas that aren't that good. The bartender was relatively nice. The interior is red and around the perimeter are little cushioned benches and tables. there's a pool table or few in the back. Overall, the place lacked excitement. I recommend this place if you're looking to grab a chill nightcap and you're staying in the hotel. Try to hang outside a bit because that is the highlight of this place. I didn't like this place and for the $ I highly  recommend you hop over to a spot that's actually hot, unless you're looking for a chill place ;p
I love the ambiance, dim lighting and romantic vibes of the outdoor bar at this famous boutique hotel. The drinks are delectable and I do love the Red Room (when it's open late night). However, when I took my out-of-town friends here last August, the service in the Garden Room was a extremely odd. Our cocktail server seemed like she was distracted or high on something. This place was dead this night, so I'm not sure what her deal was. I did notice that she kept visiting with an elderly gentleman across the way from us. She would sit down and chat with him forever....forgetting that she had just taken our drink orders. And when she finally did return, she had **** up the entire order. When we received our check, there were 3 items added to our tab that none of us even had. Not sure if she was being shady, if she literally is just an idiot or if she was as my suspicion suggested...high on something other than life. I genuinely love this hotel and bar, but unless the service improves, I won't be back.
The door policy is strict, but fortunately we got the tip to head over early, around 10.  Everyone else is still waiting for dinner or eating at Ago. A bit of attitude at the door, but we appreciate it as the place was busy but not too crowded later on. The servers/employees were all sweet.  Very laid back yet sophisticated at the same time once you get in. Beautiful outside area and most importantly, an A/C area inside.  Don't like the fat that it's all reserved seating inside, but we just danced instead. Best place to dance: right in front of the DJ in the inside lounge.
Chill spot with a great view. Experience: I came here after 3 nights of partying and just wanted a chill lounge to hang out in warm MIA weather.  The outdoor pool was beautiful and the light show was pretty cool.  There were plenty of bed/cabanas to get cozy and friendly.   Overall: I definitely recommend this place over a lot of other pool side lounges in SOBE.
Drinks RIDICULOUSLY expensive. On top of that, do they have the courage to alter the voucher to get more tips besides the one you already left despite of their absurd prices?? Oh, yes! the do it! Absolutely UNACCEPTABLE! Never ever going back!
Had the pleasure of drinking the worst wine ever for 16.50 at least make a better wine selection for your bar if you're already nabbing your customers with an outrageous check.. drinks are way too overpriced, redroom allows smoking.. it's 2013 for gods sake!
I almost feel like whatever room you're in determines your experience here. The red room you walk into first is definitely the best time. There was a band playing when we got there, and definitely an older-ish crowd. However, toward the back there are pool tables and one of the bartenders had a dance-off with on of my girlfriends, and then started a congo line. A+ for employees who really know how to keep a customer happy. The outside area by the pool is absolutely gorgeous but was pretty dead the night we went. Also, the bathroom is not super close which is inconvenient for a drunk girl in uncomfortable heels. We also did NOT pay to get in, love you miamiiii!
Super classy and lots of available seating without having to buy a bottle; this place is exactly what you hope for when touching down in MIA. However, you may want to get drinks somewhere else.  Two mixed drinks cost me $30. Also, beware of the 18% gratuity that is automatically added to the tab.
Great place for a pool party. Music is always blasted and always within people my age. The cocktail server by the pool area always make awesome drinks.
Love this place, the energy is so on point. The ambiance is dark, private, quaint, and nice. The only negative thing is the drinks are probably too much but that's  anywhere on the beach. I have been here day and night and I prefer the night much over the day pool parties.  Definitely check it out if you're looking for something upscale but less low-key than a Miami club but not a dive bar this is it. Dress up, go out and chill somewhere beautiful :)
Just what we needed and more than we expected. We ended up here on sat night after an attempt to go two other places that had hellish lines and horrible parking situations. We walked right down the street from our hotel and found this gem. Its like 3 places in one. The outside area was romantic and cozy with cute lanterns and comfy couches. We had a geat time people watching. After that we wandered over to the Pool area, and checked out the rum bar. Very nice selection of rums, some that I have never even head of.  Then we headed back the where the music was radiating from- Red room. It lives up to its name with its glowing walls and Morracan decor. The people and music we fun and friendly. Everyone there was ready and willing to have a good time, no pretenious snobs here- unlike some other SoBe places. The drinks were a little price but what we had was well worth the 15 dollars. Will defintely come back here when in Miami again.
A very nice bar and lounge at the back of the Shore hotel. Not over crowded, drinks pricey but inline with most sophisticated bars in Miami. Great place chill out and drink on the many hairs or poolside lounges!  Or dance away in the bar red room. It ended out last night in Miami brilliantly!  Best thing was that there was no cover charge to get in which was very surprising!
my favorite spot in all of miami beach. dark. outdoor. private. mysterious. it is my wonder lair. not so much in the day time, but a must visit when the sun goes down.
The outside area has amazing decor and is a great place to have romantic post dinner drinks. Dimly lit with comfortable couches and servers coming around so you can relax and enjoy.
I agree with a review I already read.. If you are looking to just hang out at a place with some friends or even a date, this is one of the best places to go on a nice, laid back night. I have never had a problem getting in and everyone is usually pretty nice.   I have never needed to pay to get in either. The Red Room is OK but it is very "Miami".  It can get a litte packed sometimes.  The crowd is usually an older crowd. All in all, the place is cool to just go, hang out , grab a few drinks on a night where you just want to get out and not do too much.
I can't believe I was here three days in a row last week (Thursday through Saturday). All three times the door staff/bouncers were pretty courteous, with none of that New York attitude I'm used to. And all three times the drinks were stupid expensive ($12-14 for a basic drink, plus $2 automatic gratuity), but in line with everywhere else in South Beach. Unless you're a guest of the hotel, it seems like you've got to go around the corner from the main entrance of the hotel and go in through a side entrance (I think it's 20th Street). But once you're inside, there's a couple different areas to explore. There's the area by the pool (is it called the Rum Bar?), which is the usual beds around the pool thing, but it's done nicely and it's more spacious than the Delano's pool area (although I like the Delano's actual pool better). I swear, the drinks are two dollars more in this section than the others... Anyway, it's kinda cool to chill on the beds at the foot of Ago's outdoor dining area, overlooking the head of the pool, or on the oversized cushions around the edge of the pool, watching Eurotrashy dudes get loaded on magnums of Champagne and make fools out of themselves for hot young things who'll turn around and shake their hot young asses in your friends' faces. Then there's the Bamboo Garden, which is like an outdoor patio with swings and things, but to me it's just the passageway to the Red Room, which is basically a red room (imagine that) with banquettes running along the perimeter and a bar in the front. Judging from the other reviews and the fact that the entrance to it was mobbed when I was there, the Red Room is the place to be. I mean, it's got a pool table, and that does it for me.
We came here on a whim and I have to say its very "Miami".  The hotel lobby that you walk through to get to the bar in the back is all white & tre chic.  It was insanely windy outside by the bar because of the storms so I couldnt concentrate on what was going on.  I saw lots of seating areas and even a bed to lay down on.  It wasn't too crowded when I showed up but by the time I left it was a zoo.  We mainly stayed in the red bar inside.  The bartenders were easy to get to but the drinks were very expensive.  I would suggest drinking before you go unless you want to spend 100 dollras on 4 shots!
This place is very nice but the nights there are very hit or miss but when it's good it's great.
poolside cabanas pretentious as expected sexy gorgeousness
This was probably my favorite place out of all during my trip to Miami.  The outdoor bamboo garden is like nothing I've seen (in the U.S., at least).  They have couches, pillows, small wooden stools, even a huge king sized bed in the middle of the "garden" for you to lay on, kick back with your $15 beverage, or even have a nice ol fashioned photo shoot.  Very art-deco and very romantic. This place is actually kinda hidden from the naked eye.  We were trying to meet up with someone at Nobu restaurant so decided to scope out the place while we were waiting. Not sure how it is before sunset, but given the fact that the outdoor garden was only lit by tiki lights, candles, and some other lighting stolen from the red room and Nobu restaurant, it was definitely difficult to see at night. I would recommend this place if you're in the mood to lounge with a group of 4-8 friends... or a romantic post-dinner date :o)
Came here on Sunday night in January and it's a lil quiet maybe that's why it's not so fun. The place is beautiful! All drinks r 15$ and they r just fine. Would like to check this spot on the right night :))
We were invited to an urban event on sundays. we were the only white / spanish girlz in the club, all the boys were trying to " Holla " at us lol,,,never happened.
Outdoor portion inside the Shore Club.  The Red Room is inside the outdoor portion, and is definitely a nice place to go.  If you arrive by 10 PM (Sat.), you can get in before the 2nd set of ropes go up.  Drinks are sobe prices.  There are two side entrances to Shore Club, one outside to the back, and one on the side through the restaurant/bar area.
For Miami Beach, this is one of the more chill lounges.  I enjoyed this spot, especially because there was never a cover.  The outside area is a cool place to relax and have a drink.
Excellent place to be! The Bamboo Garden bar(Sky bar) @ the Shore Club is a nice outdoor lounge underneath trees with confortable music to have a romantic night or great laughs with friends. I personally had the best time and loved it! Inside is the Red Bar also an excellent choice to dance all night long.
Im a fan of this place, nice atmosphere and a great outside space to go with it. A bit pricey though.
The outdoor area is very bohemian--lanterns and couches with a Moroccan feel, somehow. Drinks a a bit pricey for the pour you get, but the laid back vibe makes up for it. Not sure how nearby hotel patrons sleep with the loud outdoor music, but if you're hanging out it's not your problem. We didn't pay a cover to get in, which is always a plus.
We got here pretty early, so there was no issue getting in, which I was definitely surprised by!   Although my gin and tonic was outrageously priced ($14), it was worth it because I was instantly buzzed.  (I'm not sure if that was due to the heavy partying from the night before, but I'll attribute it to the amount of gin in the drink.)  Such a posh atmosphere with beautiful decor where I felt too young and too unestablished to even be in there.  Nonetheless, it's a great SoBe experience that everyone should check out!  Mojitos here are the best.  Really.
It was just last week I stepped in around 12am.  Maybe it's just me or is Miami really slow in January! There wasn't that many people, but the ambiance was trendy and romantic.  I don't really want to incorporate the type of crowd or energy of the place in my rating because there was hardly anyone there.  But one thing good were the drinks!
It was okay but pricey. Not really enjoyed myself there. All the people were acting cool while they really not. I like the club @ Delano Hotel better.
At this ultra hip South Beach megabar, even the drinks are sexy. Skybar contains several different sections, each with its own theme, and is a hot spot for couples and first daters alike. The Redroom features candlelit tables, a red lacquered teak floor, and antique Napoleon III slipper chairs covered in silk. Take a stroll through the Redroom Garden, a 2,500 outdoor living room filled with exotic flowers and Oriental furniture. Or check out Sandbar, a 'barefoot in the sand' option for more intimate private parties that's right on the beach. Whatever area of the bar you choose, romance and intrigue are around every corner.
This is not a bad bar. Went on a Saturday night and it was a little slow until about 12. I tried the pear flower and moscow mule martinis. They were pretty good but at $14 each I thought I was back in hollywood. It wasn't a trendy crowd so it's not a place i'd be excited about going back to but I would go again if a friend wanted to. The outdoor area has a sexy feel to it and they were playing mostly hip hop with some house music.
Typical martini bar. Not a lot to say when you live in New Orleans and you can't walk 5 feet without one smacking you upside the head.  Very cool and comfortable decor and the regs weren't as snootie as I'd expected from the m bar types. Cool staff, very helpful even with the crowds from the music conference. Music was typical Miami scene hip hop and house.  I will go back just to make it my hangout but it needs something to stand out a little more.....
Very cool! The outside was great. The staff was very friendly. It's not that snobby south beach feel. It's very chill. Great crowd.
Love love love this place!  I make it a point to stop here every time I am in Miami.  This year, I did find it to be very dead.  It was the off season and a Thursday night, so maybe that is why?  Also, closes at 2a, which for Miami is on the earlier side.  The bar near the pool was closed when I visited this time around (probably due to the lack of patrons).  I ordered the Skybar Martini, which is one of the best drinks I've ever had in my life!  It was a creamy martini with pureed strawberries and coconut (which was strained before pouring to avoid any tiny coconut pieces floating in the drink) and spiked with vanilla vodka.  So delicious it didn't even taste like alcohol.  I would drink this even if it had no booze in it!  We went back on Saturday during the early evening to get another Skybar Martini fix.  Apparently, if you are a guest, and can access the pool (or if you attend the Sunday pool party), you get the privilege of trying this beverage frozen!   Aside from the best drink ever, the grounds are very pretty, but very dark.  The crowd is usually friendly and you are pretty much guaranteed to talk to at least one bachelor party.  It was definitely more low key this time around, but still a great place regardless. Side note: Not sure what they spray the air with at the Shore Club, but the second you walk in the lobby you notice that the hotel smells heavenly.
I enjoyed my night at the Skybar. The club was hot and it wasn't that packed. The vibe outside the club was also nice. Can't wait to go back again!
Can I just say that this place felt kind of like a dream?!?! Totes classy. Felt like your baller friends house party. Drinks are very. expensive. Worth it!
Went on a Thursday night.  Walking in, I was impressed by the gorunds, decor, lanterns in trees. Very cool. No one outside but us. Went into the bar and ran into a small crowd of swarthy dudes wearing dark suits, white shirt, no tie. Maybe 2 girls there. Total chorizo fest. Then spent $20+ for a bourbon. Nuff said.
I love Skybar!! This place gets a 5 star for its no cover charge,upscale and classy feel, and great environment & vibe.  The moment I walked into this nightclub, I felt like a million bucks! The decor and feel is modern & upscale. I went on a Saturday and they played techno & house, I normally don't listen to this music.. but I loved it! I paid no less than $15 for a shot of patron & the courteous bartender gave me a free one after that one! I was in Heaven! Please visit this place & you will not regret it I promise !
If I ever wake up one day and think "Today I'd like to give myself a complex about the way I look", then this is the place I would head to first.  We arrived around 11:30pm and there was this group of people waiting in a half circle outside the club and I was like how the hell does the doorman know who to let in?  We waited for 20 minutes and watched the fabulous and important people on the guest list walk in but were told that we needed to wait for the door man to come back before we could come inside.  Say what??  So the door man finally comes and starts picking and choosing who he let him.  Hated it.  We got in soon after that and I felt like I had won the lottery or something.  The "club" was more like an outside lounge area by the pool with comfortable couches and beds spread throughout the pool area.  White linen curtains...dim lighting...posh furniture and lots of very pretentious people socializing and drinking.  I couldn't see anyone and I kept thinking to myself, just don't fall in the pool.  Our drinks at the bar were $18 each (kill me) so we all proceeded to get Long Island Ice Teas to get more bang for our bucks.  We tried to get into the exclusive Red Room with hip hop music and dancing, but the door guy (a new one this time) told us that only Shore Club hotel guests were allowed inside but for some reason, he let us in an hour later, so maybe we got hotter after our Long Islands. I don't know.  The red room DJ was really good, the interior swanky and all in all we had a good time.  I prefer not giving myself self esteem issues if at all possible, but other than that, the club was nice and I enjoyed partying for most of the night under a beautiful Miami night sky.
lantern-lit and lush, reminds of moorish costa del sol and sud de france haunts. unlike the showy original LA club, here it's bohemian chill and the nightly crowd a mix of folks from the four corners. dance in the Red Room, lounge by the pool or swing on a hammock with a cold one (lots of nooks to get frisky too).
Beats the hell out of SkyBar in LA, I must say that.  Been here about 4 or 5 times, every time was fun.  There are many different areas to congrate in, from the main poolside area, to the elevated pool deck. the back cabana area, and the front secluded garden-esque area.  2 seperate bar areas in the front and back makes drink procurement pretty hassle free.  Even better, if you put up for bottlle service, you get one of the beds to yourself with no hassles.  Overall, I've decided that SkyBar, Nobu, and Ago help make ShoreClub the best overall hotel deal in SoBe.    My only gripe is that the last time I was there, it was like crazy 60's night, and the music was some way psychadelic weirdness.  Maybe it was because of Art Basel....either way I hope its not a regular thing.
Haven't been here in years and finally came last friday with a group of 7 girls to celebrate my bachelorette party.. We arrived to Mia early (45 min before the clubs open up).. The place is tucked away at the corner of 21st and Collins. I did not see any bouncers at the door nor an official entry sign. Must be a local spot thing. I honestly expected the place to be dead considering the dark abandoned outside feel.. We walk past the bathroom area right to the pool and wow!! Beautiful lighting, music & a gorgeous crowd. We ordered a bunch of drinks and laid out on a massive bed and enjoyed every second! No lines, no cover, great drinks ($15), sexy crowd. they also have a red-lit clubby room which we did not go to. I don't know if that was just a Friday night thing but I will be checking this place out again on saturday night and update this review. The only con is that it shuts down at 2:00 am which is a tad early for Sobe nightlife. I highly recommend this spot, whether you are looking to party hard or for a relaxed chilled night..
This place is pretty chill and nicely decorated. I came here on a Sun and it was pretty mellow, just what I needed from a partying marathon. The music noise level was low which made it possible to have a conversation. Its in the outdoors and you get to experience a cool MIA breeze here and there.
I thought this to be a unique spot. Very chill and cozy pool side bar. There are at least two ambiances to this place, the exterior part by the pool with very private sitting areas. And, there is the interior lounge that had a great dj playing there on a SOBE Friday night. There is no cover but drinks are quite pricey. Worth a visit here.
beautiful place..pricey..worth it..excellent atmosphere..waitress 'forgot' to put whiskey in my whiskey soda..smoking in red room a definite plus..
