This place is awesome.  We found this shop while killing some time between wedding festivities while visiting Buffalo last year.  The wife really likes this store.  They have all kinds of cool accessories.  It's right on Elmwood Avenue in a really neat old house like building.  One review says how it was going to close, but looks like they are still grinding and hanging in there.  Another review complains about the types of things sold, but we have to say it's a really neat place and they sell all kinds of cool stuff.  Check it out!
Clutch was a-maz-ing when it first opened.  They used to carry tons of unique jewelry, handbags and other accessories.   After living out of the area for the last 3+ years, I found myself underwhelmed with the selection, and weary of the prices.  Most of the more eye-catching and practical handbags are at least $60.  The majority of the jewelry can be found at Forever 21 for about one third of the price.
Sadly, as of the end of April, Clutch is closing its doors with no (yet) plans to reopen. ------- Bags, bags, bags and bag-like accessories. Many a fashionable bag can be found here. You can gussy up your bag with a matching wallet, sunglasses or on the rare occasion belt. Some bags are local/upcycled pieces. When I was in there recently they had bags made from old sails. Neat! They have earrings, necklaces and rings for those who wish to adorn themselves. Prices vary from the very affordable to the very expensive.
Shopping here just made me miss the old tenants, Myth & Magick. The owners were super friendly and kept their prices reasonable (they also carried handbags, jewelry and accessories, along with Pagan, new age and Eastern religious themed items). I can't say that for this shop. The owner (I assume?) of Clutch had an unfriendly, borderline rude, hipster vibe. ***Edit 5-29-12 please note I have since been informed that the person who owns this also owns Shoefly, however I don't know what said lady looks like, so I can't confirm or deny that the person who waited on me was an employee or the owner*** She sized me up when I came in, realized she didn't know me or I didn't look cool/rich enough (whatever her deal was), and then ignored me for the rest of the time I was in the store. Any attempt to make casual conversation, as we were the only two people in that relatively small, open space for most of my shopping experience, was shot down. Now I know everyone isn't the bundle of *ahem* friendliness that I am but really? If you can't take five seconds to smile at/converse with a potential paying customer you should have an internet business, not a retail shop. I spyed something I wanted on that trip and decided not to buy because frankly it made me gag thinking of giving this woman my hard-earned cash. Their selection got less and less unusual the few times I sucked it up and went in and prices don't impress for the stock. Same crappy service every time. I'll stick to getting funky stuff out of the glass counter at Amvets.
