Went to Brick House after hearing that it opened in Wynwood, it's a couple cross streets North of the well-known Wood Tavern. Brick House is actually a house that has been converted into a commercial property and as such feels very homey. There are two bars with ample space and good service. Beers start at $3 depending on the brew and specials, with an average between $5-$8 for well-known craft beers. The crowd is very mixed and definitely still trying to sort itself out, people seem to be trying out the place. There's an assortment of seating all around the bar, inside and in the front and back yards. They had a DJ spinning some 80's, 90's and 00's indie classics; the atmosphere is definitely a bit more rock n' roll than say Wood Tavern. There was also a small area where a band was setup to perform in the back yard. It feels very house party-ish. All in all, it seems like a good place to lounge and drink at. It will be interesting to see how the crowd develops over time.
There's something odd going on in Wynwood. Some nights, in some places, in some dark corners and down some dark alleys, Wynwood is still its old self. Still a pocket of breathable air in an otherwise endless sea of neon and painted-on pants and Botox and awful f*cking scotch watered down by way too many ice cubes. Other nights, in other places, in other corners marked by long lines and the clicking of shiny shoes made for work or funerals, you see skin made purple by clothes so tight, they might mean the end of testicles and ovaries and the human race as we know it. You see drinks that are more lemon and cranberry and soda water than vodka. You see hordes of women wearing heels so high that the ringing in your ears from the droning house music is broken only by the sound of ankles snapping and ligaments popping. And most nights, in most places, you see that Wynwood makes strange bedfellows. You see outsiders mingling with trendsetters. You see PBR tall boys and Moscow Mules. You see Jameson neats and Red Bull anythings. And it's not so bad. It's actually OK. It's like species of human coming together, only instead of ending in bloodshed and evolution-altering genocide, it ends with peaceful coexistence and the occasional coital crossover. Brick House is one of these places: a bright light attracting your run-of-the-mill mosquitoes and the kind of flying menaces that'll haunt you for the rest of your life. With cheap drinks (you can get a vodka whatever, a shot of Jameson, and a Narragansett tall boy for under ten bucks during happy hour), wildly varied music (from the oldest, most wonderful of hip hop to the existentially curious music you might've heard at Soho Lounge all those years ago to deep house), games, and a modest food menu, on a given night, you'll see the masses in all their highly-varied glory playing Connect Four and Cards Against Humanity and fondling each other under picnic tables. And it's a pretty cool thing to see. My only advice? Dress cool. Because it's open-air, it's a breeding ground for monkey butt. Just saying, Brick House. Just saying.
I've spent the last two Friday nights here (from happy hour until pretty late into the night) and I love this new space in Wynwood. The music is fantastic - a mashup of songs from at least 5 different decades; almost every song I heard was something great I had forgotten I loved. The actual space is open and airy, with large picnic tables spread out in the backyard style space, with lots of white ball string lights strung up from front to back. Plenty of room both to sit down and relax as well as some open space for dancing (although not a look of people took them up on this - it was def more lounge-y than anything else). The happy hour prices are amazing - only $2 for well drinks and some canned beers. Even after happy hour well drinks are only $6, a great deal compared to almost anywhere in Miami. I can't comment on the signature drinks since I mostly stuck to the generic vodka/ginger but I did have a moscow mule that was delicious. I tried some of the food as well and the crab cakes and french fries were really tasty. I can't speak much to the wait times/prices since I just took a few bites from a friends plate, but the food is high quality for bar food. The place is still pretty new and I'd say there are a couple things they could improve upon: +Only TWO bathrooms? What? I don't understand who comes up with the bathroom ratio in these places, but the line last friday (when it wasn't even that busy) was insane. If there's no option to build more, they need at least a couple port-a-potties STAT. +Install some fans (maybe even misters). Summer in Miami is brutal, even though the space is pretty open it was unbearably hot in the evening, with most of our party sweating pretty heavily through their shirts. Even a few industrial fans would make a big difference here. +The comments regarding the bartenders were on point, as least when it came to some of the female bartenders in the back bar. One was on her cell phone the entire time, and told us that we should've gone across the bar to get her attention. Totally unacceptable service-wise. Not sure what the attitude is about, but perhaps some of these bartenders need to be rotated out if they want to the service to match the laid back atmosphere.
NPS = 8 Very nice place!  Reminds me of Wood Tavern before it became a sardine can where having elbow room is a foreign concept. The beers are like $5, the ambiance is nice, and they play good music. I went here with a couple of friends last night.  They have picnic tables and nice lights set up outside to make for a very "chill" night. Conveniently located right in Wynwood by all the other bars/restaurants, this is a great place to end up on a Friday or Saturday night. There really isn't a competitive advantage to the place, it's just a very chill place with good beers and a lot of space in the terrace.  But that in itself makes it a nice spot. I give this place like 2-3 months before it becomes jam packed with people.  In the meantime, go enjoy it!
Another excellent to Wynwood. Fun spot. Great for groups.
The bartenders are rude and the service is painfully slow. I have been here three times now, and every time the majority of our party leave upset. No one likes to be ignored by bartenders and wait an hour to get a mini burger. The cocktails are ok, but the food is yummy. Even getting a beer can be a nightmare. This problem could be solved by simply opening the back bar during a busy time, like happy hour. If you are looking for a delicious cocktail head over to the Broken Shaker, but if your looking to stay in Wynwood - R house is a better choice (for cocktails).
I went to Brick House this past Tuesday night for a Jameson event and I had a great time. There were free food and drinks at this event so I can speak for their regular offerings as I'll have to go back for those. I will say that the ambiance was good. I like the string lights in the backyard with all the picnic tables. It is an open outdoor space so you can expect to get hot and sticky during the extra humid summer months but I am excited to spend some time here in the fall / winter months! This place had a similar to feel to some of the other neighborhood spots but with a bit of a more intimate / upscale feel and that is precicely what I liked about it. The service was also good, the bartenders were busy but working quickly to get everyone taken care of.  I don't know if the band that was there that night was there just for this event or if they are regulars but they were great as well. I'd definitely come back to Brick House when in the neighborhood.
Just got home from this place and it was great.  The food was legit and local selection of good brews.  But best part was the price for the quality.  Very low prices for high quality food and drinks!  I will be going back for sure!
AWE. SOME. Cannot rave enough about this place! The drinks are delicious (I got the Mad Botanist last time - *highly* recommended), the ambiance is great, with a nicely designed outdoor portion, and the happy hour is unbeatable. I stumbled in here accidentally when it first opened, and am so glad I did!
Ducked in after hitting the nearby Wood Tavern and loved it! Here's why: * Great music was playing provided by a DJ-nice variance * Good energy in the place * Nicely blended interior and exterior space * Party people in the house I wasn't fond of the never-ending line at the unisex bathroom. FAIL. You won't see me around here during the hot and HUMID Summer months. I shall be somewhere completely inside and completely air conditioned. Mostly. Cabeza OUT!
Stopped in on a little tour of the Wynwood bars recently.  Great open outdoor space with lots of room to move around.  There was a great DJ spinning (DJ Wasabi) and he had a b-girl, Legz, working the room.  That was a nice touch, though it was a little lost on the crowd present at the moment.  But with the right crowd, those are ingredients for a fun night out.   We found a perch at the bar and ordered two of their specialty drinks.  Don't remember exactly what we had but one was delicious and the other was alright.  One was something with jalapeno and gin.  Fantastic.  The other was a scotch drink - which wasn't the drinks fault, but my distaste of scotch.  I'm pretty sure it was listed as whiskey and I was duped - but it was still pretty good!  You know, for scotch! There is a small window where they serve food.  Alas it was only cash so we didn't get a chance to try it out.  But I already have plans to come back with friends and give this place another try.  Definitely a cool spot to catch a drink on a well weathered evening in Miami.   I do worry what this very open air place will look like in the rainy summer months.  We shall see...
The sliders, the short rib poutane, the chicken and waffle sandwich, the bbq mac and cheese, the craft beer selection, the great cocktails and the ambiance all make this a great spot! I happen to be partial to the music ;) The happy hour may be the best deal in Miami! Friday night is super fun and it gets started early!
Legit beer selection.  Creative outdoor space.
Came with my man and his friends, great music (they played Garbage and 'Bittersweet Symphony') and ambience. Absolutely no complaints, the drinks can be pricey and watered down. My vodka tonic tasted like water-- so stick to the beer. Krombacher pilsner beer was AMAZING and I drank it per the bartenders suggestion. If not for the pricey drinks, I'd give 5 stars.
First time, went to dinner toThe R House and just walked there. Enjoyed the ambience, relax, very different from what I am use to. The music was mixed. The drinks were reasonable compared to Brikell. Would go back. They have Medalla Light Beer  Puertorrican beer. Thumbs up, I cant find it anywhere here.
The location is good. The music has to be improve it. Be carefully with the bartender on the patio, i paid for two drink and she did not give back the change, when I ask for the change, she told me the tips are not included and she dropped my change with but attitude. I stated not matter what that first bring the change and then the customer would decide for the tips.
This is an awesome outdoor bar. There's a main bar with stools, then a large patio area with a smaller bar. They have great beer offerings and good food. The vibe and ambiance are great. It's like a neighborhood backyard party. Chill, but fun. Not too crowded, but not dead. Quiet enough to have a conversation, but loud enough to appease those who want to party. We had a great time here.
Eh, was disappointed. It's like a wannabe Wood Tavern but falls short. It's not like they did anything wrong, it's just...well, boring. It didn't have the energy of WT or some of the other places in Wynwood. I was underwhelmed.
5 star location 1 star bartenders who ignore you and have no idea what they are doing and one star because the bars don't have foot rests. A good bar needs a footrest. I really love hipsters. My generation was riddled with thieves and hoods. (I was born in 1970) Hipsters just offer more to society. They are genuinely decent want the world to be a better place. Love to improve and enjoy the harmony of earth and the universe. They love food and take pride in quality. They are perhaps the best modern generation of people produced. Having said all that.. They are also perhaps the best for pure people watching. We decided to go to this hipster spot to meet a friend of a friend who never showed up. (how hipster) The crowd consists of 20 and 30 something hipsters mostly with facial hair (even some of the women) one stray hipster with his "service" Dalmatian who graced us with his erection and non stop barking. A DJ who played great music. Then there was Stifler's Mom a hot 40 something who was sashaying across the dance floor being seduced by young and very drunk girl whose boyfriend (a dead ringer for Harry Houdini. Handlebar mustache and all) was fueling the whole seduction routine thinking he would be a participant in an after hours rendezvous. Lets not forget the hipster magician version of Jiminy Crickett, hat and all, who was doing a long-stride-walking-dance which was very animated and very broadwayesque. He would often tip his hat which had an Ace of Spades in the hat band. He would then give this very ironic gaze and play with his baby beard which hasn't filled in fully and probably never will. Needless to say we had a great time. Keep it up hipsters you're doing a great job!! To the owners, GET FOOTRESTS and train your bartenders.
Another good choice in Wynwood to grab a drink. Pretty neat place. It's out in the open and there's plenty of space to lounge around or grab a table. Best of all they serve food too. Pretty cheap happy hour. Spent $10 for 4 beers (and good ones). And happy hour is every day 5 to 8. Bar tenders are great and attentive.
A perfect and polished fusion of street art and Miami's night life, blended into a live music venue with nightly deejays and the occasional band tearing it up on Wynwood's best sound system. Brick House is a full-liquor venue with a large L-shaped bar when you walk up featuring a solid black marble bar, and a 22" outdoor bar to service the nicely bricked beer garden, showcasing a gorgeous and uninterrupted view of Miami's sky; uniquely perfect for watching jumbo sized planes flying in and out of MIA while downing that delicious craft cocktail. A tasty and plentiful bourbon selection with a well thought out array of 35+ craft beers in bottle and on tap, making this casual, inviting and comfortable bourbon bar welcoming to all. Guilly's Gastrostyle-Kitchenette, is an amazing feature offering a number of delectable and tasty goodies. She is currently serving up award winning crab cakes, mouth watering hand battered fried chicken, a hearty falafel burger, freshly made ceviche, epic lamb sliders, and other addictive munchies to pick on.
Munchies Menu ROCKS!!!!  Everything we tried was delicious!!!  Delicious!!!!  Really fresh, creative and tasty....crab cakes, sliders.  Yum!
If you're looking for a good and chill place to hang out with friends this is the place to be. Think of it as a newer and fancier WOOD. Drinks are great and not expensive. Music is always good! I've been here both on Friday and Saturday nights, both days are good to come. So, with that short description, stop reading this review and get your butt to Brick House!!! ;)
Nice open patio space. Long tables with bench seating. Casual vibe. DJ. Two bars. Good beer selection. Entrance needs lighting-it was a bit hard to find. Feels like they just opened-definitely worth revisiting.
This spot is brand new on the scene in Wynwood. Stopped by with some friends to see what it was all about and was pleasantly surprised. The layout is great. A nice large outdoor patio with tables right before you walk under the open air bar. Since it's new the place was really buzzing. It felt a little understaffed and took awhile to get a drink. The decor is great and there is a to. of room in the back patio. The DJ turn tables are up on two wooden barrels. Brick House fits in perfectly in the Wynwood scene and attracts a fun trendy crowd. I didn't have anything to eat this time but from the looks for it the menu that day sounded wonderful. Lamb sliders, crab cakes etc. The have a good happy hour but be sure to ask what is included. It's very limited. This will be a great summer spot. Looking forward to going back!
Nice place for big groups. Great outdoor set with long tables. Dj with diferent styles of music for all ages. Great craft beer $7-10, the bar does accept cards. The food is also good but you have to pay it cash, you must try the falafe burguer is small but very good. The bathrooms is the big problem here since only have 2.
Brand new and still trying to find it's crowd and vibe - great space, casual vibe and could be awesome if it doesn't get taken over by hipsters but  the tiny plastic cups have to go.
Great selections on drinks.  The whole Wynwood area is getting better and better. Highly recommend this place on the weekends!
breath of fresh air and a great wood tavern alternative. wood is great, but i like to breath sometimes. on friday, the DJ is great (wasabi). there's plenty of space and lots of seats too. they should dim down the lights a tad bit, but besides tht, its a really cool spot.
