I really loved the pseudo punk rock vibe of this place. From the wall decor to the graffiti filled bathrooms it definitely had a great feel. We went on a Tuesday evening so the spot was a bit empty. The beer selection was great. There's also board games available as well as rock em sock em robots. Live music plus tons of daily specials and concert after parties. If I were a local I would be a bar fly at this spot.
I went on a Saturday and it was very, very loud with electronic music in the background...hated this place.
Simply the best place to go in town if you gawk at the normal SoBe experience. Great prices, great selection, (They have Delirium Tremens and Nocturnum!) and staff. Karlos was awesome, really made our first night in SoBe memorable. It is a hipsterish place in concept I guess, but it just strikes me as a great bar first. Silverlake, PDX and Williamsburg people will slip right in like an old, but favorite, shoe.
Cool vibe. Cool music. Dive bar. Good place to just kick it and listen to some cool music.
I have been here once, but I dug it.  I liked the fact that people were doing their own thing, this was no pick-up scene like at other bars crawling with desperate perverts, so I enjoyed being able to sit and not deal with harassment.  The patrons came from all walks of life, from the preppy girl in white skinny jeans and a striped GAP top, to the girl in shorts full of tattoos and funky-colored hair.  People stayed to themselves, and the bartenders were pretty quick with the drinks.   The decor is definitely interesting, and will have you captivated, from the astronaut to Bruce Lee and some cool light fixtures.  The walls have stickers and writing.  There's also an upstairs area where the DJ plays from, and apparently, sometimes people hang out there and there are couches so it has a lounge-y feel, though I did not venture there.   I wasn't in love with the music on this particular night, but it was fine, it wasn't hip-hop or rap or something intolerable like those types of music I mentioned or top 40 hits (just my own personal taste, I'm entitled to my opinion!).  It was probably what they call "house" music, which to me, is more like "background" music.  I saw a flyer for New Wave on Fridays -- this is more along my type of music, (as well as classic rock but I doubt they play that), though I may be wrong.  I'd like to attend on a Friday night and enjoy some of the New Wave hits, I just don't know who I can drag along to accompany me so it may be a while before I am able to do that and update my review. Not as crazy or gritty as Churchill's, which I prefer over Kill Your Idol, but if you're looking to dress down and skip the snotty nightclubs, velvet ropes, stilettos and formal wear and hang with friends (but want something less raw than Churchill's (or you just don't like rock and punk rock)), then this place should suit you just fine.   PS: I do want to warn you though that drinks aren't cheap (about $10 for each), and you WILL come out smelling like an ashtray, as smoking indoors is allowed in bars in Florida.  Even after going to bed and rolling around on my pillow and going outdoors in the morning, my hair smelled like cigarette.  I also had to change my sheets and wash my hair immediately, and had to dump all my clothes in the washer because the smell still lingered.
I wanted to come here to check out the scenery, especially Bruce Lee hanging from the bar.  I have heard great things about this place. Unfortunately, the place was closed when I came, but looking to update the review when I get a chance to head there!
The indoor smoking thing in Miami is a big turn off for me. Also a huge surprise after living in California for so long. The ventilation sucks, and we ended up leaving due to the overwhelming smokiness.
The nice woman at my hotel asked me to meet her up here on a Monday.  "It's where we go on Mondays.  It's gay night and they have a drag show. We will get there after midnight." She arrived, with a Latin flair, around 1am, just in time for the drag show.  With a couple of $1 PBRs, great music, and a lively artsy crowd I soaked in the junk store decor in the wall of shelves and hanging above the high ceilings. This cool funky bar could easily be in NY with style and not too aware of itself, but clean, so not cheesey or glitzy south beach and right between Collins and Washington On 16th.  How refreshing.
One of the more interesting and cool looking bars I went to in Miami, but the vibe was off. Bartenders ignored me with no one else waiting to order, instead entertaining a pack of bros by one bartender trying to throw an ice cube into the other's cleavage. Kind of a sigh and roll the eyes moment. I'd go back to check out a band on that high stage, that looked cool, but aside from that I'd take my Miami adventuring elsewhere.
I probably had one of the best times in Miami ever here.  Its probably one of the few bars that I actually liked.  And I was for the most part sober.  Ish. From simple observation, it would seem that a dive-ish bar was quite hard to find in South Beach.  I wasn't looking per say but just driving around its pretty much your typical club scene.  Kill Your Idol was a refreshing experience.   I first came here during WMC to see Mark Farina and Colette from Om Records last year. Walking up the door, the windows are covered in band and DJ stickers, immediate sign that Kill Your Idol is going to be a completely different experience than the typical Miami scene.  DC people, think of a mix of Velvet Lounge and Galaxy Hut.  New Yorkers, typical LES/Brooklyn vibe.  It gets even better once you walk inside.  Random objects from a life size Bruce Lee figure to random graffiti and artwork.   The bartenders were also very friendly and polite.  Drinks here are much cheaper for South Beach too.   Being that Mark Farina and Colette were performing here, the music was the highlight of the night.  Anyone who follows Om Records and deep house know what I mean.  The crowd that night was great too.  Honestly some of the nicest people I met during my time in Miami.   Kill Your Idol holds some great memories for me and is my normal go to spot for South Beach.  I've come to have a distaste for some of the nightlife in Miami.  But if you're like me and want a much more relaxed, chill, and fun atmosphere, Kill Your Idol is probably in your best interests to go to.
We loved the place when we walked in. I'm not gonna repeat all the other comments over the decor. They are pretty cool. But the experience was awful. It was absolutely dead when we showed up but the bartender proceeded to chat with the only other person at the bar for 5 minutes before he even acknowledged us. They didn't have diet coke and my husband's Bloody Mary was a bloody joke. It was advertised on the menu as having olives and vegetables, as a real Bloody Mary should, but instead the bartender poured vodka in a cup with ice, threw some tomato juice in there and handed my husband a bottle of Worcester sauce. It's a damn bar. Hire people who know how to make drinks for god's sakes. I stopped by the woman's bathroom before we jetted out just as the bartender stepped out of it. It reeked of pot and there was an unflushed cigarette butt in the bowl, with black dusting all over the back of the seat. If you are gonna smoke in the bathroom, flush your god damn cigarette and wipe the f seat. Have some common sense! I get the hipster appeal of this place, especially in a place like Miami Beach, but I'd like to know how long can a bar with rude bartenders who don't know the first thing about making drinks survive anywhere in the world. Oh and I almost forgot to mention the awful late 90s rock/alternative shit they were blasting.
Small place but...a gr8 vibe, 30 plus crowd, artsy decor and just enough space to dance your ass off to some dope house.
I wish I lived in Miami for any number of reasons (like the impending snow) but right now I wish I lived in Miami because Kill Your Idol is such an awesome bar.  We were looking to avoid the whole nightclub scene as we had to catch a flight at like 5 am.  Kill Your Idol, in my mind, is the  Miami equivolent to Sugar Mom's (before it got lame so about a year ago) in Philly.  The bartenders are friendly, kinda punk scene, and hilarious.  Think about the imagine of south beach, now imagine the total opposite and it's this bar. The decorations are awesome.  My favorite was the flamingo driving a car.  They were playing some weird ninja movies while we were there.   Drinks are really cheap and they had a decent bottle selection.  You can smoke inside! I felt really welcomed here and had a great time.  If I lived in Miami, this would be my go-to spot.
Mieszko has been dead for over a millennium, and, if he were still alive, I certainly would not bring any harm to him.  Despite their nefarious imperatives, this is the best bar in Miami Beach.   The quickest way to be the best bar is to have the superior happy hour.  In Kill Your Idol's case it's from 7-10 and all drinks are half price.  When I was there they had four beers on tap, and one of them was Bells Hopslam.  Aside from being the tastiest of beers, it also has an ABV of 10% and is served by the pint at this particular establishment.  Reid's Theorem of Drink Value, of (volume)abv/price=value means that when you plug in the variables you get a drunken value score of almost 46! That makes the Louisiana purchase look like buying Yelp stock I've noticed in reviews from several sources that this is a hipster bar.  This may be a bit misleading. I did not see anyone who may meet that description in South Beach let alone here.  From the clientele at Kill Your Idol I would think that it would be better described as metal heads. Regardless of my poor attempt to label, this bar has one of the best atmospheres in the area.  I would recommend going here for the bar itself, the alcohol value and the fact it's too hot in Miami Beach to be outside.
I really need to review Kill Your Idol and Lost Weekend together, because (1) they share a door and (2) they're my shelter from the storm of craziness that is South Beach. They also complement each other--KYI provides more interesting decor, music, and clientele, while LW provides more light and air. Both are good places to go for beer. Try Kill Your Idol first. Why? Well, there's an astronaut on the ceiling--isn't that a good reason? I like to think this bar is named after the Sonic Youth song "Kill Yr. Idols," but I wonder if the real origin is much more obscure and I'm not cool enough to know it.
Deep within the bowels of Sobe, down the street from Lincoln Road, Close enough to clubs and titties, hipsters hang in an abode. Not that it's a house per se, more like just a place to play, If your goal's to drink and stay make sure your car does not get towed. Cheaper liquor, that's the kicker, made it so the liquid flowed. End the night without a bicker? Very little cash was owed. My initial expedition, taking place some months ago, It was shortly after clubbing where they tried to sell me blow. I was faint and somewhat weary and the night remained most dreary, And I knew to be quite leery buying cocaine from a "bro." Then a phone call, from my friend Paul, meant it's time for me to go, Swiped my nose and left the stall, headed out with way less dough. Hailing cabs is such a mission when it's raining out at night, Luckily genetics favored me when granting me my height. Since the driver was a Haitian I required some sedation, As he drove to the location I was left with abject fright. When we got there, I had lost hair, yet I tried to stay polite, "Here's a tip for you, Pierre," then he drove off to the right. Entering the bar I notice, "what's with all the hipster chicks?" Normally I like those girls but not when they show up with pricks. Looking round in observation I acquired a fixation, Then commenced with my flirtation with a gal of five foot six. Then I started, road uncharted, brought myself into the mix. With her number I departed sans a need to use my tricks. From the streets the bar looks tiny, which is what one would expect, Yet inside there's ample room for you to drink booze and get wrecked. In the middle of my drinking I start blinking without thinking, Causing strangers to start winking which means now I must reject. After stalking, they start walking, and the liquor takes effect, Now I'm with her and I'm talking, and my penis gets erect. What a problem I was into, how the hell do I get out? Then again it might be helpful since I've been in such a drought. The idea might be silly but my balls were kind of chilly, So I had to treat my willy like a raging water spout. Should I take her? Is that back fur? Maybe pour another stout, With my friend I should confer, since her face is like a trout. Yet the bar itself is lovely and the ambiance is fun, Seldom will you find a girl here who weighs in at a short ton. If your taste in music's indie and you like tattoos in Hindi, And don't mind a girl named Cindi with her hair up in a bun, Set up a trip, this place is hip, and just wait up for the sun. Pick up a drink and take a sip, since the night has just begun.
I'm giving this place five stars because it provides me with all five elements I need for one of those nights out when you have had enough of whatever posh event you have attended and want to get your "REAL" on.  Randomness, beer, a dearth of Tourists, eh...more beer and more importantly...music. The plan was to head to Lost Weekend but passing by the window I espied some fellow Yelpers inside on an after party from an Elite event...and then it was a case of "LET THE GOOD TIMES ROLL".  And Roll out of there we did at 2:30 a.m. after dancing....and dancing...and dancing some more.  No dancefloor, just get up and shake your moneymaker honey if the moment takes you. I can't understand why people stand in line for a south beach club when gems like this are right there hidden in plain view. And when you need to feed the animal inside...it's just a hop, skip and a jump next door to The Alibi, inside of Lost Weekend.  They share a door.   It's all so Southern Family Style, y'all.
**STRIPPER POLE, COUCHES, AND BRUCE LEE** A friend of a friend suggested this place. We stopped by on a Sunday evening. From the onset, it reminded me of a funky rock and roll place with strange decor like a Bruce Lee replica hanging over the bar, a stripper pole upstairs, and a small dancing area. We hung out downstairs where the couches were so comfortable, there was a man dozing off with his mouth gaping open. Ordered a vodka and tonic and it was stiff. I liked. Kill Your Idol was bit too strange for my personal taste, but I could see the allure for others.
You know those friends that are a bad influence on you. Yes the evening did not ever seem like it would end. After two events, our friend Gina H.," party animal" recommends heading over to "Lost Weekend". Sure why not? As we were walking over Gina spot's some other friends hanging out in "Kill your Idol". Awe, we all stroll in greet our friends, it's late, we are all juiced up, no problem. More drinks fell into my hands and we start bumpin and grindin to the cool music. Drinks are good, inexpensive, friendly bartenders. This is not a high end upscale chic kinda place. This is more for locals, very low key where you can come with a group of friends and just chill, be yourself, nobody really cares how you are dressed, what you are drinking, etc.... My kind of place where you can just be YOU! Although there is no dance floor that did not stop us from dancing. Michael was our "guy" in the middle whom we all shared and he was such a great sport. No complaints as he had the ladies all around him. It was a perfect spot to finish our amazing evening. Cool, fun place with amazing people to share it with. Thank you Gina for your influence, my fellow witch sister. P.S. Thanks Patrick for putting up with my craziness!
On Tuesday nights, Kill Your Idol might as well translate into Ladies, Kill Your Liver. My out-of-town visitors and I headed over around 9/10pm to find a small bar with a few lingering groups of guys romancing gals, gals romancing gals, and randos catching conversation with the bartender. What truly separated the women from the men were the 6 drink tickets awarded to every lady just for being. Cause this is ladies night. We all tried to drink our 6 dollars worth of free beverages but only made it past about 2 each. Nevertheless, we rallied to the tune of Scrabble and Connect Four. Gotta love a bar that has board games. On the beach, there aren't that many spots around where you can catch good non-live music (although I'm not a fan of the screamo emitting from the speakers during our visit), grab some craft beer and catch up with friends. If you're a fan of the Purdy Lounge idea, this will win as well.
Ladies night on Wednesdays keeps this place packed until the wee hours. It's simple enough well drinks and beer are comped for girls but still the regular $3 PBRs are priced low enough to keep the drinks flowing all night. I'd suggest making a dash for the end of the bar, usually it's the least busiest spot, this may have more to do with the uncomfortable chairs. You can always expect an easy going crowd and someone who needs a cupcake,
This is the little "neighborhood" dive-ish, but not quite, bar that so many others strive to be. It's so over the top embracing of eccentric culture that it becomes cool for it, and you soak it up and sit it in like it's old hat. Folks from DC might equate it to one of our favorite bars, Galaxy Hut, except maybe even more oddball unique. We had the entire place to ourselves, and after the bartender poured our drinks he actually joined us outside on the patio, so the night was about as relaxing as could be, for a place that I can imagine gets rather hectic when the regulars are in town. The "décor" is well, just indescribable. It's random, to put it mildly, but certainly well-appointed at the same time. Nothing seems to go together, and because of that it all does in splendid chaos. Pinball machines, shark heads, astronauts, and a sideways lifesize Bruce Lee (yelp.com/biz_photos/1GEJ…), and a stripper pole, all mingle in with crazy art that adorns the walls and even bar. There's even a DJ booth up top, which was going briefly when we arrived but ended not long after. They've also got some pretty intense sugary looking cupcakes here, for some reason, but yeah, fuckin cupcakes right! Whatever. You'll eat that shit when you're drunk and think they're 5 stars just for that, jerkface. And it's easy to get drunk here, the pours are legit. My gin and tonic was more like straight Sapphire over ice. I don't even recall how many drinks Alexandra and I managed to polish off before heading back to the hotel, but I know we got a steal of a deal when we paid, and for that I always give mad respect to the bartender as well as the bar. Come here, drink, be merry, don't be a dick, enjoy the artistic vibe, don't think you're a hipster (although if you're a hipster you won't think you are anyway), and grab a cab back in time to get settled on the beach for a wonderful sunrise (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…).
It was Cute inside... I didn't to much like the Drag Show could've been better... drinks were mad cheap so I really enjoyed myself... would certainly go back...
My guess is this is a good bar most nights of the week, but as a lady, on Wednesdays  it becomes incredible. $3 well drinks until 10pm, free well drinks and PBR after 10pm. Yes, you read that right. FREE. In South Beach. And other drinks are super well priced as well, like Hendrick's cocktails or high end beer for $4. More, please. Our bartender was a little slow at first but certainly friendly (at least to me) and I so prefer the vibe here to that of the South Beach club scene. It's comfortable, quirky, and casual, but not divey like the next door pool hall. Add in the fact that they've got old school games like Connect Four and Rock 'Em Sock 'Em, and you've guaranteed that I'll be back the next time I'm in the hood.
Thank ghawd the previous establishment at this location, Dr. Feelgoods's somethin somethin didn't make it .  Serves them right for closing down the Blue Bar. Kill Your Idols begs to be in N.Y. Only if it was, it wouldnt' last being that it's so self reflexive.  But it serves it's purpose just fine in Miami with it's white tile, reminiscent of NYC's subway stations and it's walls cluttered quool urban art and pop/history installations.  The juke box is spot on with their titles.  No chance of some dope walking in and playing Love Shack, no way not here.  Stop in for some cheap brew.  I haven't figured out how the cup cakes fit in.  Everybody knows that cupcakes are so 2000 and LATE.  The board games make for a nice accessory though(the icing on said cup cake) and the talking deer on the wall is the cherry on top!
Great lil bar right next to Lost Weekend. I totally dig their decor, is quite interesting, from the astronaut hanging upside down to  Bruce Lee, it's quite artsy and unique. Very laid back atmosphere, great tunes, cheap drinks. A great hangout spot to start off the night.
Coke heads everywhere. Good drink specials during the week though! Wednesday nights especially! A lot a lot of coke heads though. Every girl in the bathroom was "powdering" their nose. Stay Classy MIA.
A bar that serves cupcakes, what is not to love?! I recommend the strawberry shortcake one, I think it's quite excellent. The thing I love about these cupcakes is that they have a surprise inside! They are a little on the dense side though. I like my cupcakes a little more fluffy. I like coming here because I like to look at all the random stuff up on the walls. Reminds me of when I was a kid & all the crap I used to see when I was a kid that was before my time on the TV. Bartenders are quick here & they have a ridiculous jukebox. I love little bars with nice people and this place fits the bill. Plus, being next door to lost weekend & the Alibi is an added bonus.
THE PINBALL MACHINE WORKS! It's very small in there, and even though it's alot of cool stuff all around you, it's still kinda cramped. But I would imagine this is here whenever you want to escape the bar next door for a breather. Also - GREAT music!
Strolled on in here one night with some of my lady friends and immediately felt like I was in a hipster spot in Orlando, who knew MIA had anything but ravers? When we strutted up to the bar we discovered that it was $3 well drinks - Heck yes! We ordered a round, then another, possibly a third since the deal was running out at 10pm, little did we know, free well drinks and PBR after 10pm... WHAT? Wish they gave us that warning. So at 10pm the bouncer came up and gave us 6 free drinks tickets. I thought he was giving me one for each of our girls in the group, nope we each got 6. We tried to use them up but 6 free drinks after you already paid for some and it's not a "let's get cray night" is hard to do. We grabbed some board games and just took over the couch/table area and relaxed. It was definitely good people watching and the ambiance was something to take in as well. If you are up for a low key spot in MIA, stop in here. You can order food from next door if you have the munchies!
Awesome Casual place to hang out in South Beach (don't even have to dress up!). They have WILD BLUE BEER HERE! LOVE LOVE LOVE! Small spot with a 2nd floor for small crowd (where DJ plays his music and the Pole). Love the Decor!, Bruce Lee in the HOUSE (3D wall hanging right by the bar). Other crazy stuff in the wall, keeps my eye busy! Music is mixed, old school and top 40's music.
Calling all hipsters, locals and people tired of the usual beach bullsh*t. Kill Your Idol is a place where you can belly up to the bar, sip on PBRs, eat a po' boy and Tweet all your friends to meet you for a beer. It has all the great qualities of a dive bar, without being full of toothless vagabonds and dank, questionable furniture. It's the perfect place to setup an impromptu happy hour- there's no attitude, plenty of space and a jukebox full of good music. I hear there's a Sunday brunch which features some kind of root beer alcoholic float (don't quote me on this) and a movie, which is a great laid back option to the drag queen shows and trance riddled brunches that the beach offers. This place reminds me of what a happy hour version of Buck 15 would look like. And with a reference like that, you can't go wrong.
The fact that I never stepped foot into this place until Saturday night is a crime. I LOVE me some Lost Weekend, and this place is adjoined via door - so how the hell did I miss it?! Totally quirky and charming, this place screams hipster (in a good way). Loved the Bruce Lee wall art and the eclectic liquor bottle lamp hanging from the ceiling, along with all the other craziness. So I didn't try a cupcake, but I had a couple beers and loved the atmosphere. Bartenders were friendly and the crowd was mxed - always a good thing. This place was great. In terms of awesomeness, pretty close to its next door neighbor, where I've lost many a happy weekend. :) I'll be back here for sure.
Small, hole in the wall New York-style bar. Kind of dark inside.. good music. Half off all drinks until 10PM-- pretty good deal. I recommend it.
I've fallen in love!!! and its a rare thing that it happened on Sobe! wow I had so much fun. A friend of mine recommended KYI last minute for my bday celebration, I had just gotten back from my travels and it was a Wednesday last minute thing, so I was looking for something low key but fun to do. She said their ladies night was pretty fun and no frills, no bs. O M G! hipster heaven and you know I love me some of that. Their jukebox is so ridiculous, its like the soundtrack of my life and you can't go wrong with free drinks. The upstair lounge area is super chill, it even has a stripper pole which proves to be kind of amusing. On a random side note: I love their bathrooms. They're clean but huge and super roomy! They also sell ridiculously amazing cupcakes, and if you get super hungry, its next door to Lost Weekend (they share a door) so the Alibi is right there as well. I definitely see myself coming back to KYI many more nights to come, all my friends had an amazing time.
Tonight was the first night 'Kill Your Idol' (hereafter referred to as KYI) flung its doors open to the public. As I lay my head less than 200 yards from the establishment, I felt it my civic duty to check it out. KYI is a hipster joint. Not your Bella Rose circa '08 hipsters. These are your drama club circa '98 hipsters; ie they ain't trying so hard. Everyone was completely at ease, and sucking down ($3!) PBR drafts like they needed to catch the train back to Williamsburg. Halfway through the night a (I'm assuming) local ivory tickler started banging out some Radio Head standards on a keyboard. While I appreciate the effort, I was much happier when the jukebox kicked in again. Coolest part of KYI is the loft. If you weren't looking hard you'd miss it. Hang a left at the end of the bar, climb the zebra carpeted stairs and you'll find yourself in a relaxed lounge space compete with a stripper pole! This is a great place to escape the relatively cramped ground floor. Worst thing about this "dive" bar was the bathroom attendant. There's nothing worse than a random person guilting you into a dollar for emptying your bladder. I tolerate this at a pretentious club cause, well, that's the way it is, but there's no call for it here. Overall I had a good time, and no matter how hard I tried, $3 PBR drafts kept my tab extremely low. I'm reserving judgement about long term success, but I'll definitely be back...
Alternate Universe. I still don't really understand how this place exists on Miami Beach, it's like entering some sort of time-warp. There are hipsters sitting at the bar with their weird facial hair, plugs and suspenders drinking craft beers - but you're still in Miami Beach. In fact, you're practically on Collins. Seriously; alternate universe. I'm all for hipsters, cool decor and not being around tourists - but something about this place irked me. It felt like I was back in college, sitting on some-random-guy-we-met-at-that-party's grimy couch while he smoked cloves nearby and my second-hand-smoke-induced-asthma started to act up. The drinks are cheap especially for the beach, but on a Thursday night it was empty and the juke box was out-of-service as the DJ upstairs played tracks that didn't have words in them. Also, skate videos? Really? Are we in middle school again?
Great place! Open late, local crowd, drink/beer specials, live DJ nights, comedy nights, drag queen events,  movie nights, beer tasting events....the list goes on. It' s a lot better too when Krystie and/or Ray is working.
Great Local Dive Bar! Small bar located right next to Lost Weekend! They have a full bar and some beers on draft. Small size bar with a small room upstairs. Music sounds good and staff is friendly and fast. Funky painted walls adds coolness to this place. They also sell cupcakes. I came here for the WMC. They had 2 kick ass DJ's
To describe in a few words a great sobe bar: -local sobe bar -hipsters -random wall artwork -German meade -laidback -movies -DJ beats -stripper pole -affordable
If you're tired of the hoards of flaky tourists and the unwanted stares of geriatric men, then Kill Your Idol is just the spot for you! I'd been wanting to check this place out since they were featured on Thrillist and I finally made it there this weekend. We got there relatively early- a little past 9-so the place only had a few people. They have seating at the bar and several small tables with one larger booth on the first floor, and a small yet intimate seating section upstairs. The place is dimly lit which I loved, and has all these quirky knick knacks hanging around the place. We loved the music since it was an eclectic mix of some great classic and some new alternative/rock music. The other great thing is they share a door with Lost Weekend which means if you're hungry- which I always am- you can order food at the bar from The Alibi and they'll bring it over to you! Hello Shrimp 'Po Boy- come to mama!!! It's definitely a place I'll be coming back to. I loved the laid back vibe and unpretentiousness of the place and people there. It's a great place to hang out with locals who're tired of all the madness of South Beach.
Eccentric is an understatement. The decor ranges from Beavis & Butthead to Bruce Lee to Major Tom. The jukebox features music mixes made by locals. The Playboy Pinball machine still kind of works. They have a funky mix of furniture. Definitely a spot for locals with some fun microbrews, but $15 for two beers is not cool. I'll probably just come back on Ladies' Night on Wednesdays when I can drink for free.
I adore this little place. The cappuccinos, the art, the bartenders, the jukebox.  I want to bottle everything up and make it my neighbor.  But then that would make me the neighborhood drunk. Side note 1: Tuesdays - when Haitian Hillbilly spins - is my favorite.  Wednesday is also good for ladies on a budget. Side note 2: This is where Yeasayer came to party post-LCD Soundsystem concert
I hope what Maria A. said about Wednesday's ladies' night being packed is for reals, because I came here on a Saturday around midnight and it was deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaad [*note: the word "dead" is exaggerated in such a fashion to a.) emphasize the bar's lack of (human) life and b.) to simulate, in words, the sound a life support machine makes when it goes, well, dead]. The reason for my wishful thinking is because this place is pretty nifty (in a I love the last century kind of way, Nirvana's Unplugged was on heavy rotation when I was there, not to mention there's a giant Bruce Lee bust configured sideways into the heavily shelved Ikea-inspired white wall behind the bar). So, here's few reasons why I think its so nifterrific: 1) They've got an old school (i.e. vintage not one of those fancy downloadable types) jukebox filled with mixed CDs made by employees and friends of the bar, so you can find really obscure stuff from local albums to the Ramones, The Smiths, Franz Ferdinand, The Shins, and, but of course, Iggy Pop. 2) They've got a talking deer head and with the aid of a microphone you (yes, you!) can make it speak! 3) Fun games on hand - Scrabble, Rock 'Em Sock 'Em, a pornographic Mr. Potato Head, and a 70s style Playboy Pinball Machine. 4) The bartenders are super nice and friendly. 5) Good beers - Arrogant Bastard and Dogfish Head So, if you haven't gone yet, go! Viva Kill Your Idols!
This place has an awesome vibe... I love walking into this place and looking at all the craziness around me, from Bruce Lee hanging on top of the bar to the bottle of wine chandeliers. But I truly go for one reason only, awesome cupcakes. I think I have had almost every one lol.. My favorites are the Red Velvet and the one made with Oreo cookies... I need a moment Nom nom nom... I'm eating a Red Velvet one as I write this. The staff always helps us out really quickly and the cupcakes are huge for around 3 bucks. The door inside Kill your Idols goes into Lost Weekend so DOUBLE WIN... I am definitely a fan.
I'm diggin' it. I've been there twice now, both times on a Wednesday night which happens to be ladies night. The first visit was intentional, we knew it was ladies night. This last time, I didn't plan on it. It just happened. Those are the best nights, sometimes. (Ladies:) On Wednesday nights, you are handed 6 red raffle tickets upon entering which are your free drink tickets. Sweet! Only downer: You cannot get any drinks "On The Rocks". It has to be mixed with something. I'm not a fruity drink kinda gal, usually. I want my whiskey with ice and nothing more, please. I thought I would get a little crafty and asked for a splash of water. My first drink was whiskey flavored water. So much for a "splash"... I asked for the second with less water. It was worse. Now I can taste how crappy the whiskey really is. Oh well, ya get what you pay for, right?!? The bartender was not very friendly and he acknoweldged me twice but apparently since I wasn't quick enough to respond, he zips over and served someone else. TWICE! A tad annoying. Apparently, you have to stare at his face until he deems you worthy of serving. Aside from this annoyance, it's a chill place.  They're a little over-zealous about their policies. I asked my BF to hold my drink for a second and the bouncers swooped down on him telling him he can't have that cup. (The Ladies Night cups are mini red Solo cups.) I quickly came to his defense telling the guy that it was mine and he was just holding it. Sheesh. It's not like anyone really WANTS to drink that crap. I know it sounds like I don't like this place, but I do. The fact that these little "issues" have not deterred me from returning is definitely a good sign. Place gets pretty packed on Wed nights for obvious reasons. I'm interested in checking out the place on another night. The decor is funky and inviting. The music is decent. It's not a fancy schmancy beach-style bar.  What's not to love?
Great crowd! Always seems to be busy with good music. When I went the DJ was great and the dancefloor upstairs was packed and super fun. They seem to have fun stuff going on all the time and with another bar attached there should be something for everyone. Not the best drinks but by the way it looks you shouldn't expect much in that department when you walk in. Go on a Monday!!
The terminology we use is heavily ideologically laden, always. Pick your term: if it's a term that has any significance whatsoever---like, not "and" or "or" ---it typically has two meanings, a dictionary meaning and meaning that's used for ideological warfare. Well, if you're not in Williamsburg or Portland, the term 'hipster' usually has two meanings. So for example, in South Florida, a hipster is associated with shopping at Urban Outfitters, or editing pictures on the Pixlr-O-Matic application for the Android. Look, there's nothing remotely intellectual about Miami Beach, zilch. Therefore, the word 'Hipster' in any usage here is illegitimate by assumption. Kill Your Idol's setting isn't any different than the Fox News headquarters located in Manhattan. Both are very similar. At Fox news, the setting is "Conservative", the people reporting aren't (they're extreme statists). The setting at Kill Your Idol may be 'bohemian', but those who frequent are about as 'mainstream' as the city of Miami Beach itself. Real "hipsters" are in some pub in Portland discussing media control, the Chomsky-Foucault debates, Freudianism, the Paris Commune (70-day French workers' revolution in 1871), or the prospects of some anarcho-syndicalist society. If you want to play make-believe, then fine, close your eyes and imagine your not in some subtropical climate surrounded by beautiful people. If that makes you feel happy, then fine, but I wish not to partake...
So what happens when you're wandering around Miami Beach and want a drink but cannot decide on which bar to pop into?  You finally decide on the bar that's dimly-lit without any techno music playing and you see awesome decor lining the walls.   It was 9 PM (which is early for both NY and Miami) so we were the only two there when we arrived.  We quickly sat at the bar and asked the awesome bartender for a cocktail list, he said people had been walking off with them then proceeded to list their signature drinks.  We decided on a bourbon cocktail that I would list the ingredients for but out of respect for such a cool place, I will not post them here.   The cocktail was strong yet sweet-ish.  It was wonderful.  Pink Floyd was playing the background and we, being tourists, took pictures of the various things hanging from the walls.  Jaws, Bruce Lee, an astronaut hanging from the ceiling.  We had two more of these lovely cocktails then asked for the check, thinking this would come out to a ton of money we had not planned on spending.  Turns out, happy hour runs 7-10 every single day so our drinks were $4.50 each.  Not too shabby! We decided on one more to end happy hour.  Then the bartender allowed us to use our own phones to play The Mars Volta and any other music that we wanted to hear.  Apparently this place fills up later on in the nighttime.  There is also a little area upstairs. Btw, this is NOT a dive bar.  It is far too clean to be one.  It is simply a very nice bar to kick back and enjoy one of the best happy hours you will ever find....Especially in Miami Beach.
Awesome! The only rock and roll bar on the beach! Great staff and decently priced drinks! Rawked with The Holstered!
Real cheap by south beach standards. Great promos (ladies drink free Wednesday? Cheap date.) Hipster hideout in the city of bro-dudes. American apparel overload. Jukebox full of hot topic emo and haircut mall metal. Djs play college kid electro and slightly dated chill wave. Really not my bag, but i admire the unpretentious approach. WIll go again.
Oh.Hay-ell.Naw. I haven't been this angry in a while. Yes, angry. Usually when I receive bad (read: typical) service (especially in Sobe), I roll my eyes, sigh and make a note not to return (we're going to need some more establishments in the 305. That or change the way a lionshare of restaurants do business, unfortunately). But this place here... they took things to an entirely different level. I strolled in at 9:50. My co-workers had texted me that KYI was slinging back $3 well drinks until 10. That meant I didn't have much time to imbibe all I could in ten minutes. But, not to worry: I'm a professional. I walked into the shoebox... I mean, bar, and was pleased to note that there were three people sitting at the bar -- all had drinks -- and two bartenders. 'Nice,' I thought. I bellied up to the male bartender... and nothing. I am standing across from him and he won't even look at me. Trying not to be a jerk and scream at him, I make eye contact with the female bartender, raise my hand (the universal sign for 'I'd like some booze, please') and nodded my head. She looked at me, looked away, looked at me again, and proceeded to dry the glass in her hand. Am I invisible? So, I train my sights on the fellow who is no more than inches away from me. At this point, I'm not in the mood, so I verbalize, "Hi. Can I get a drink?" He looks up and barks, "In a minute!" Wha? WTF are you doing that you can't serve me right now? I look over at my co-workers and they're, like, "Oh, damn. We need to leave before we have to testify in court for what's about the happen." Granted, my face is contorted with GREAT annoyance, but it's been a while since I was refused service and ignored, so I may have been out of practice in hiding my raw emotion. So, I go back to the male bartender. "Okay, can I just put in an order for a vodka soda?" He looks at me, scowls, TURNS HIS BACK TO ME, and starts talking to the patrons already sitting at the bar with multiple ($3) drinks in front of them. Admittedly, I then go ballistic. "What is the MFing problem here? Is this a bar? Do you or do you not serve drinks? What do I have to do to partake in such an experience [I kid you not, when I get angry, I talk like a Samuel L. Jackson character... or I grunt and smash things.]?" Since the place was empty but for me, my co-workers, the three people at the bar, and the two bartenders, it was kind of hard to ignore my outburst. The female bartender then walks over, "Hey man. Relax." "Relax? I've been standing here like an idiot while the two of you have done your best to ignore and NOT serve me. How am I supposed to feel?" "... What do you want?" "A.vodka.soda." She half-assedly makes my drink. "$10." "The special is $3." "It's 10:06." "SO THAT MEANS I'VE BEEN STANDING AT YOUR EMPTY BAR FOR SIXTEEN MINUTES BEFORE EITHER ONE OF YOU @SSHOLES DECIDED TO SERVE ME?" "... $3." I would sooner [redacted in case my mother reads this] than ever come back here. In fact, I will jubilantly rejoice if [redacted in case it happens and the cops come looking for me] to this above-ground [redacted].
This is my favorite bar in Miami. I have lots of go-to bars but they all have their own type of crowd and mood. Kill Your Idol is the kind of bar that I can roll into wearing an Armani tux (that I probably stole) or a bear suit (that I probably paid for).  Maybe it's the statue of Bruce Lee sticking out of the wall, the phat beats being played by the DJ or the solid drink prices I really couldn't tell you exactly but the bar has a feel of its own and once you enter you feel removed from everything else going on. Anytime someone comes to visit me or it's my turn to lead the knuckleheads from work aka Wolf Pack, KYI is for sure on the hit list. Here's the data: Location: Closer to the Collins side of Espanola, great location (Lush, the Deuce, Playwrights are all close by). No cover. Parking is bad but hey trust me when I say that shouldn't stop you from getting there. Atmosphere: Phat loud beats and I mean bouncing like (.)(.) phat. For the amount of movement rolling through the bar as a whole is clean. For those classy types there's a lounge area right by the entrance. If you get sick of talking to that hipster chick you thought would be cool to hang out with only to find out that she actually graduated from high school, you can always bring down one of the many "lounge toys" they have available behind the bar. I recommend rock em sock em robots (get the blue robot)   Beverages/Food: They got everything you need to make it a good night from PBR on tap to Jack....oh and cupcakes? This may sound funny but come 4am when you're 4 PBRs and 4 Jacks into the night cupcakes are tastier than a dead hookers fake wig.... This is the kind of bar that would do well in any city around the world. So maybe it's the international feeling or maybe it's the fact they let me wear my favorite clown suit, whatever the reason for me liking this bar so much I'll probably never know. One thing for sure I'll be here at least once this weekend and the weekend after next and after next....... BZ.
Wednesday is ladies night..ladies drink free!!! What else can I say??
Cool dive bar.. good music.. nice staff & cheap drinks ... here's the kicker: it's in South Beach! The decor is like something out of a Chuck Palahniuk novel and totally adds to the charm. If you have been sucked into the tourist trap that South Beach has become, veer off the path of Miami Cheese & Euro-trash and head to Kill Your Idol. Minus one star because it's in SoBe.. I know, how shallow of me!
OK this place is my favorite bar in South Beach I think since it's a little divey, but has great happy hours and is totally unpretentious.  The bartender the night I was there was Ray (I think) and he was super friendly and nice.  They have a lot of good beers in bottles and I heard the sandwiches from the Alibi rock (although I didn't get to check one out). The only thing keeping me from giving it five stars is that I'm not a huge fan of the music being played on the night I was there, but that's a personal preference.  It was harder rock/metael I think (I don't even know the bands) but it definitely has a good vibe and they have an old school Playboy pinball machine.
If you want cheap beer, honestly priced drinks, and a laid back atmosphere, this is it. No one messes with you and the entire crowd is one big potluck of inclusion. Super chill.
3.5 stars Went on a saturday night with buds and there was free drinks/no cover. That plus a great crowd and bearable music selection makes for a good night.
Only a couple blocks off Ocean Dr., Kill Your Idol is a welcome respite from the overpriced, bottle-poppin' glitz and glamour that is South Beach. 2-for-1 happy hour every day (weekends too) from 7-10 on everything.  Strong drinks, decent beer selection, reasonable prices ($4-5 a drink, so like $2.50-3 during HH), and good service.  Went in during a bachelor party weekend with 15 guys and Racine hooked us up with a bunch of free shots and more.   Cool/crazy decor inside, although music was a little weak when we were there (I'm sure this gets better later at night).  Do yourself a favor and hit this place prior to heading to the megaclubs, where you may need to trade your left kidney for a round of vodka tonics...
This is the former Blue which was by far one of my favorite places in SoBe. Kill Your Idol doesn't compare but I really like it. The mood is not as pretentious as other SoBe places, drinks are priced right and the music is usually pretty good. Lost Weekend is adjacent and you can walk in and out of each place with your drinks in hand. If it takes too long to get drinks at one place, go to the other! I recommend this joint!
It was nice to find a bar in the middle of South Beach that reminded me of home. Even though I was on vacation did it really matter? Apparently it did to me.  I disagree with everyone saying it is a hipster bar. They were showing skate videos on the wall and playing Radiohead and once I told them I was from Chicago they turned on the Pumpkins. The drink specials the night we went were half off beer until 11pm. This was perfect and gave me the opportunity to try beer I normally wouldn't order. Florida Beer - Swamp Ape. I didn't love it and the bartender was kind enough to offer me a different one on the house but it was no biggie. For $4 it was worth trying it and taking a picture of it. I also had the La Fin Du Monde. I didn't realize this beer was more widely distributed across the US and apparently it is always pricey so again it was awesome to try it at a discount. It was also way more my taste in beer and a good way to close the night. Everyone talks about the decor and it really is awesome. A doll's head inside a sharks mouth, Bruce Lee on the wall, random napkin drawings hanging on empty space above the bar, etc. The customer service was also really friendly and laid back and I had a great time. It was a shock to me that FL still allows smoking in bars/restaurants and when I would see someone light up it would always send me into a panic until I realized it was legal. If you are going to smoke in a bar this is the perfect place to do it.
Nice vibe, cool place for live music, service isn't all that worth writing about, but it's ok. Overall, a necessary spot for us locals to enjoy. Bathroom always looks clean but somehow smells like retched fecal matter. At least it's a single occupancy one and the lock works, unlike their big brother's Lost Weekend, the venue interlinked next door.
This place felt like home IN MY IMAGINATION. Loved it, you should go.
Pros: great vibe, friendly tenders, Philly-backer bar during the NFL season, jeans and a tee are perfectly acceptable attire, pin ball machine thtat only costs a quarter to play, great selection of beer, $9 specialty beer, smoker-friendly, strip pole upstairs, no cover, juke box music, chill people, easy access to Lost Weekend next door, ladies drink free on Wednesdays. Cons: small, bar can get over crowded, smoker-friendly, pinball machine playing can cause a bit of traffic (nothing crazy though), sometimes slow service, mainly on ladies night, booths/chairs/tables/and barstools fill up quickly and are usually occupied by the same persons all evening long, no dance floor, but people do dance Conclusion:  great getaway spot from the norm on SoBe, jeans and a tee with some friends on a Wed/fri/sat night for a few drinks and some good tunes. Both men and women should go on Wednesdays and transfer back and forth between KYI and Lost Weekend for down to earth, non-SoBe men/women, enjoying themselves.  Lots of conversation starters and activities (pool tables, pinball machines, punching bag, $2 jello shots, and free drinks for the ladies) to interact w the opposite sex!!
Yes, the decor is good. Yes, the location is good (if you're a big fan of Le Sandwicherie like I am). I don't know if I ended up here at a bad time or what, but this place was DEAD. I was here on Saturday (8/13) at roughly ~1:30 AM and expected this place to be in full swing. When I walked in, me and my party of four other people were the ONLY people there. I was somewhat in shock -- we bought a round of shots from a very nice bartender to make up for the lack of activity. We decided to walk down the block to Le Sandwicherie, which is probably my favorite food place in South Beach, and spent roughly ~45 minutes there before coming back to KYI for one last drink to end the night. When we got back, there was at least 5 people in there, but it was still massively dead. The 2nd time around, the DJ was at least playing music! I'm giving it 3 stars because it was completely dead, but it has good potential. The decor is good, the setup is good, and there's no cover. I really hope I'll give this another chance in the future, and at that point I hope it doesn't disappoint me like it did last weekend.
Best dive bar in SoBe in my opinion. Decently spacious, great music, great drink deals, lots of fun whilst getting to avoid the SoBe clubbing scene/dress code. Always call to make sure it hasn't changed, but Wednesday is ladies night, so no cover and they drink free! :)
KYI could be an oasis of coolness on South Beach. But unfortunately it's not. The bartenders are rude and obviously don't give a hoot whether you enjoy your visit or not. Cold uncaring attitude.
I'm a fan. Cheap drinks, live music, and a chill, sociable clientele. It's really great to switch it up a bit when in SoBe. The more standard nightlife scene has its merits, but sometimes a loud, divey bar is just what the doctor ordered.
I don't like the size of this place. Its too small to be a dance venue. Its just a freaking bar. I didn't want to go but my love (one of South Africa's finest) was playing here so I sucked it up and went. I was glad it wasnt too crowded. Drinks are expensive like everywhere else. I was just happy to see that they remodeled since last year.
Seems like the bartenders don't like making tip money. They'll rather have you waiting 15-30 mins for a drink order. Meanwhile they help all the non-tipping girls on ladies night(wends). While clearly seeing you need help, they simply avoid you. Cool place for locals when served. But I've been living in miami for 2 years and the staff hasn't changed there attitude towards customer service a bit!!
Love. Low key, great service and an overall fab time!
I'm not a hipster, but I can pretend to be when I'm here.  And no animosity from the real deal. This is a trendy little hole in the wall with ultra unique decore.  Great place to pre-game.
This place is awesome. I went last night for my friend's birthday and I don't think we could've chosen a better spot. There's no cover and since it was Wednesday it was ladies night! Free drinks all night plus 2 dollar jello shots. The crowd consisted of hipsters wearing everything from band t-shirts to jeans with one too many holes in them, but whatever. I didn't really care about the ambiance since I was with a big group of my friends. I absolutely love bars that are unpretentious and a good time and this place is just that. I'm not giving this place five stars because the bar was a little difficult to get to with so many people and they could use more bathrooms. Other than that, this place is solid. I'm definitely going back.
Hmm where to begin? I guess I will start with the facility itself which is completely freaking awesome. Kill your Idol just seems misplaced in Sobe, I feel like its home should be somewhere downtown or even in the Design district. It was a tad of the beaten track and even while standing directly outside, I was still questioning whether or not that was the right place, per the very small signage outside. Once inside, there is so much cool shit to look at. They had a working jukebox and a not-working pin ball machine, not to mention the DJ who was playing some really good music, like seriously good stuff. Kill your idol is a small bar, it is two levels, but small and cozy. The lower level had the bar which I have to say I was a tad disappointed with. Being that the place was not at all crowded (loved that) there was no pushing or shoving or having to fight for the bartender's attention, so that was great. I also noticed a food menu and they had some cupcakes on display, but I don't know how fast I would eat here. When it came time to order me some drank, I was immediately drawn to the chalkboard displaying their selection of craft beers. Nice! So I asked the bartender for some "purple haze" which was described as a raspberry brew. "we are out."  Is the response I get to my request. Depression sets in. What I was most upset about is that this drink was written on a chalkboard.. hence, you can erase the damn items you are out of so I don't get my hopes and dreams crushed. Jeesh. I opted for a beer they had on tap which the bartender assured me was comparable. If that is the case, than purple haze sucks.  My friends all ordered rum drinks. The red bull and rum which is actually Monster and rum tasted like pure Monster. A few sips in my friend asked the bartender what was up with the lack of conviction in this cocktail to which the bartender then explained that Monster is wayyy sweeter than redbull and that rum is made from sugar cane, so the rum was there, you just can't taste it. Errr, hmm, umm, okay? I guess we looked like retards who might possibly buy that story. The drinks were reasonably priced, for south beach that is.. 34$ for one beer and 3 "rum" and monsters. Kill your idol is definitely an intimate setting, some place I would go on a date. The upstairs has couches and one of those cool bubble chairs, as well as a stripper pole. The pole is in quite close proximity to the DJ however, so if you are going to have at it, be careful as to not hitch kick the music man. Like I said, lots and lots of fun crap to look at. You could with out a doubt wear jeans here and even flats if that is your pleasure.  Come to Kill your idol for the place itself because it is seriously cool, had they not disappointed me in the drink department this place would have gotten all of my 5 stars.
What's not to love about $3 drinks -- or FREE drinks?! Bordering dive-y, Kill Your Idol is an easy-going bar with astronauts on the ceiling, painted artwork breaking out of the boarded wall, and old-school games piled on the corner of the bar. Ladies' well drinks were half-price before 10, so we all enjoyed a $3 beverage. Until the time the bartender came by and handed us EACH six drink tickets. Woah. If I hadn't been getting (ironically) zero sleep at the Dream hotel, and didn't have an early work morning the following day, I would've taken full advantage. Instead, I got one. We all agreed the drinks were weak; but still, hard to complain about free liquor... Or about clean bathrooms in a dive bar. Bonus!
It's aight. I mainly had such a great time because of the people I was with, but it really didn't knock my socks off. I absolutely adore the decor in the place - so off the wall and kitschy, but I think they went overboard. There is just so much crap everywhere it kind of made me feel claustrophobic. It might be a completely different story for happy hour during the week when there are less patrons, but not on a beautiful Saturday night in October. They did play some great music, which made me wish there was enough room in the place for a dance floor - now that I'd dig. However, even though they do not even have enough room for a dance floor, Kill Your Idols decided they did have enough room for a live act, causing our entire large party to shift over to make space for his equipment as well as for...well, himself. I enjoy live music (and the dude was good), but I do not enjoy having to maneuver by the live music in an effort not to slam into his guitar or mic stand just to get another drink at the bar. Less is more, Kill Your Idols!
Wow, I guess I am the only dude to write a review for this joint so far. Okay, so there is a bunch of crap on the wall, including a life-sized Bruce Lee, numchucks and all. But, they have a monthly art installation.Yes, it's full of New York-style hipsters, of which are mostly cool. But, there are also some great aspects here. First (for me) is the bartender, Mandi, a golden goddess. They also have Bell's Oberon on draft here, which is unusual. Wednesday's is "Ladies" Night (and I use that term loosely). Women drink domestic drafts and well drinks for free, and guys get PBR and Rolling Rock drafts for $3. The jukebox is cool, with selections hand-made by patrons. This is the scene to meet that hipster girl of your dreams (or nightmares). If it get stale, you can always go next door to Lost Weekend. If it's Wednesday's, they have Ladies Night, also. Tell Maria I sent ya!
First of all, this is not a dive bar. If you are sick of bad house music and crazy drink prices this is the place to go. Happy hour 2 for 1 drinks 7pm to 10pm, great Indie/Punk atmosphere and music. Where else can you go with an upside down astronaut and Bruce Lee life size coming out of the wall with a knife.
South Beach is a diverse spot with many different venues to suit your taste. I like a place with low lighting, great people watching and a seat at the bar.  I like to hear good music and make friends with the bartender.  If the joint has a great happy hour and drink specials all night long it's a big plus. When there's a Bruce Lee statue bolted above your head as you drink you've reached a whole new level of cool.   A dive by design. A rock lounge with an at home feel when you're a tourist. Great drink prices. Great selection of brews. GREAT food from Alibi located next door. Try the truffle tater tots and a writers block sandwich. You will not be disappointed- Unless you hate good food. The longer I sat at the bar the more lively and entertaining it got. The staff is great. If you see Ray behind the bar tell him I said hello and buy him a shot of Jäger. My girlfriend and I went back to Kill Your Idol a few times while we were in town and it was by far the best needle in the haystack.
A delightfully quirky gem hidden right in the heart of South Beach. Maybe it is meant to go unnoticed on purpose, so as the keep the obnoxious European tourists or the local Chongivities away. The vibe inside is really cool, any place in Miami that plays MGMT, The Killers, and Franz Fernidad wins over my heart. Plus the bartenders were nice, drinks were cheap + strong (for South Beach) and the people were friendly. Look for it really closely on Espanola way just north of Washington, you won't be disappointed.
Oh KYI, how I love thee! I stumbled upon this place after a recent Girl Talk concert, lured in by the 2-4-1 flyers they were passing out at the concert. I am so glad I did, this place is my new favorite bar. The decor is adorable, a space man hangs from the ceiling when you walk in, Bruce Lee is coming at you from the bar, beer bottle chandeliers, this place oozes coolness! The music is wonderfully indie and the bartender knows his stuff. That night we had 2 mai tais for 8 bucks (where else can you get 2 delicious mai tais for 8 bucks!). It was love at first sight with me, can't wait to come back!
This place is exactly as the rating says: A-OK. Didn't have to good of a time. Very small and cramped. I'll give it another shot sometime.
Kill Your Idol will from now on be my bar of choice for the beach. The music is great  aswell as their amazing jukebox. I came here to kick off my last year in my 20's birthday celebration with a group of about 25 of my peeps. Instantly the door guy saw how big my crowd was a pulled me a side and thanked me for bringing such a big crowd and offered to buy us a round of shots, And sure enough he delivered. The bartenders were very attentive and nice. Drinks were dirt cheap and strong. I'm a devoted fan and you should be too!
I liked the vibe of this place. The decoration is awesome and the music here is really different. It's such a hipster hangout. The drinks are just okay and I noticed they have some craft beer. It was weird to find this place on the beach, it seems like a downtown or design district kind of place. Interesting. Check it out!
Cool dive bar. $1 PBR on Mondays so great place to get cheap drinks.  Came here alone and killed an hour just drinking and people watching.  They also serve food from next door.
Funky and fun little hipster bar in South Beach.  Not my favorite spot but it's not awful either.
Loud band but great vibe.
Cool place - Full of locals & low cost beer.  Definitely worth stopping by.
When my Galactic Positioning System streers my sapce craft to Miami Beach, I am sure to hit this venue for the freshest veggie Philly cheesteak sandwich East of Zorg, simply the best. With an Alibi menu and kitchen open till 3am, this is one location any alligator would like to rest at after a long night of sin.
Where  has this place been all my life. As my usual hotspot at the Betsy Hotel came to a close on Mondays  recently and and didn't have anywhere to go on my day off, The DJ from the Betsy invited me to so him spin. Wow was a blown away by the service and the atmosphere. The bartenders were out of this world and never did I wait more then a minute even with the bar packed to receive my drink. We ordered every special for the night and made new friends. This is the place to be on a Monday night. Going to try a Friday hopefully soon.
Wednesdays night is ladies' night- crazy night.  Thursday is a bit more tame, but the music is dope.
This is a casual bar with a good selection of drinks and friendly staff.  And cupcakes.  Just sayin'.  It's sometimes slow on weekends, which makes a welcome respite from the usual crowds on the beach.  I wouldn't get all dressed up just to come here, but it's a great place to relax with friends.
This is a cool place with a cool name.  Unfortunately the bartenders were very rude, especially the chunky blonde who was working on January 8th.  She poured me a weak Maker's Mark for $12 and when I had the audacity to question the price she was flip with me and claimed it was the cheapest price on the beach.  When I explained a nearby place had the same drink for half the price, she rolled her eyes and said I couldn't compare us to them.  Look, I will admit I was a little toasty at this point, but I did not mouth off to her; I merely questioned what I thought was a really weak pour, not to mention the vibe she was giving off (clearly making us as tourists and not liking the fact that I was wearing a dope herringbone jacket).  Anyway, I still tipped this cantankerous wench $4; I figured it was the least I could do for giving her a hard time, but I thought her attitude was horrible.  The type of person that gives a place a bad name.
the sketchier the better... and this place is the bomb. divey, dirty,sketchy, love it.
interesting bar where blue used to be. service is ok but the music... i dont know. ive been to kill your idol more than a few times and i always come out thinking the same thing. i wish they played better music there. i guess cause to me, that location is still associated with blue, where people would dance everywhere, even that minuscule second floor with a pole they have. their decoration is nice though and the crowd seems always nice.
Opening night here was a good time with a pretty eclectic crowd.  The jukebox is a refreshing change from the normal selections you find in most jukeboxes - not a lot of hip hop or country and a lot of punk, british rock, post punk and other good tunes.  The decor was pretty cool - like a garage sale exploded in the place - random figurines, an astronaut walking in the ceiling, and some cool art installations.  the beer and cupcakes were flowing although i have to admit much more beer than cupcakes found its way into my stomach.  they were using nuts and bolts for free drinks tonight.  One major complaint is the furniture along the bar.  it may work for happy hour but it was nearly impossible to walk to the back when the place was crowded.  hopefully at night they will take this stuff out.  i cant imagine this place will be my substitute for club deuce - thats still my favorite, but its a nice alternative to the bar scene in south beach.
very ny rock&roll music bar ,stripper pole , skateboarding videos and if its very late you can eat a very good pizza!
Love this place! been to very few places that I have taken to so quickly. Went on Thursday ladies night? Small drinks but pretty good drinks for free drinks! Great little local spot next door to Lost weekend gives couple choices! KYI has pool tables really nice attentive bar staff! $2 for game of pool and $10 for pooltables by windows! Still great place connecting door to lLost Weekend is nice different music and cool little lounge upstairs. Great for casual outing def not your typical dive bar!
this bar was kind of hit or miss. we went twice--the service the first night (friday), while entertaining, was some of the worst i've ever had. two girls spent the entire time having boys take their picture or text messaging. i have never in my life seen a bartender on their phone--let alone for the whole time. ladies if you can multitask that's one thing, but you clearly could not. owner--you should definitely beware as these girls are losing you business. the next night the guy was MUCH better--if i remembered his name i'd give him props--saturday night. the decor here was 5 stars--loved the glass bottle chandelier and the jackie chan coming out of the wall--loved all the randomness in general. the beer and drink list had nothing to complain about--i think it was one of the few bars where i could get my fin du monde without feeling/looking totally out of place.
Nice place to get away from the dance music. Bartenders were friendly and attentive and have a nice pour.  I'd definitely come back again the next time I'm on South Beach!
Yes I Loved Blue and it stings a bit walking in the door, but after settling in on the comfy sofa with a PBR draft and a Strawberry cupcake I felt all warm inside.  KYI is so different then any other bar in SOBE period.  It's lit very well with all its little art pieces and the three installments on the wall are really interesting.  New York all the way with it's punk rock feel and amazing jukebox.  The upstairs is a nice lounge with stripper pole and retro seating but the key here is the selection of beer and cool drinks.  Who else sells small bottles of coke? Apple Juice and Eli's Root beer?  Great art piece of Ian Curtis on the wall and It all comes together nice.  The dive bar feel they are going for hasn't yet left the diving board yet but I'm sure it will get broken into after the WMC as they are having some great parties here.  The best part is it's next to Lost and they serve The Alibi food here so you can bring a date and eat a cheesesteak!
