Gorgeous landscaping and bank account slamming shopping.Parking lot is filled with luxury sedans and exotic sports cars. Excellent service and top notch options of boutiques and stores.
I love this mall, all high end stores yet not intimidating.  Saks and Neiman sales are extremely helpful, even one Saks employee went out of her way to call the Boca store to get the specific item I was looking for and promised to mail it to me, two days later UPS man showed up with my favorite pair. Always a wonderful experience!
Okay,  this is one of those places I come when ever I need a boost in the spirit department..... I just feel so happy when ever I stroll down these stores..and look at the peaceful ponds full of enormous Koi.... absolutely beautiful...You find everything your little heart desires...ALL THE BARE NECESSITIES ..from food, drinks, shoes, purses, clothes.. you name it they got it... I love this mall.
This must be Miami's best kept secret because there is never anyone here!  I visit Miami from New York every couple months and always score tons of great stuff at all the Bal Harbour shops without any pushy salespeople, lines or messy racks that have been gone through all day. It's so quiet and easy to shop!
Talk about ur beverly hills of Miami!!!  There are individual stores here for Gucci, Tiffanys, Prada, Tori Burch, Balenciaga, D&G, Panerai watches, Jimmy Choos, etc....freakin crazy uber expensive and beautiful products to go with it!!  Make sure you got ur bag of dough or black CC with ya!!!
Great mall to relax during an afternoon. The only downside is that you have to pay for parking. As a lot people already said, amazing landscape  and upscale stores.
Great mall and carpaccios is a must
We've lived 15 minutes away from here for 6 months and I've been too timid to come here and check it out!  I thought that surely every one here would look me up and down and know I didn't belong here amongst these high end shops.  My husband finally insisted today that we go together and check it out.  So glad we did.  We had such a fun day!  We cleaned up a little, sort of cleaned up casual, and that was a good call.  I felt perfectly comfortable window shopping and even going into some of the stores to browse.  I even found a little dress for under $200 that my husband purchased for me!  We had a trendy lunch with a glass of wine and a very fun day.  Now we have this place we can bring family and friends when they visit us in Florida.  The grounds are really lovely with water features, turtles, plants and fish.  Nice.
With its koi ponds, fountains, shops with wearable art, great food, and extraordinary people watching, Bal Harbour Shops is one of the most inspirational sites in all of Florida! I'd love to have a boutique there sometime in the future.
Absolutely love this mall! Im a gucci shoe addict and deal with David Roman at the Gucci store. He is attentive and really wants you happy. I also like the Neimans and Saks Stores. If youre a man looking for fair prices, interesting jewelry I highly suggest JW Cooper on the second floor. They have really cool stuff and the prices are great. So many other places to talk about I highly suggest you go and see for yourself.
This is a great mall, but I only gave it four stars because they really need to add a Wal-Mart.
All European brand in Miami, FANTASTIC!!!!!
You can't argue with the collection of stores at the Bal Harbour Shops--Zegna, Prada, Dolce & Gabanna, Hermes, etc.  And the individual stores themselves--at least the ones I browsed through--appeared to be well-stocked with a wide variety of their respective wares.  I also liked the fact that the space seemed relatively protected from the elements but without giving up the open-air quality of the mall.  Still, the Bal Harbour Shops, as a structure, seemed a little lacking in creativity or sizzle:  Take out some of the flora and the glamorous tenants, and this would be pretty close to any old average mall that nobody would give a second thought about.  My five-star standard is the Crystals shopping mall at CityCenter, Las Vegas--admittedly a high bar and a bit of an unfair comparison to a mall that originally opened forty years before--but I just do not see any aspect of the Bal Harbour Shops attempting to reach beyond the sum of its parts nor living up to the names of the stores found within.  Finally, a more practical criticism:  The quality of the mall's dining options appeared to be far below what one would expect at an ultra high-end shopping center.
this place never ceases to amaze me, it feels very old school, its been years since its been remodeled or updated and yet it still feels contemporary and glamorous. its my happy place here in miami and instantly outs me in a good mood.
So International!   You walk around and hear Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, etc. This is a must see for all.   They have cute, unique shops.  A little expensive but nice to see.
This is a high end mall in Bal Harbour which is located pretty much right after the Broad Causeway (123st) near North Miami. This mall has many of the high end stores you would expect to see in places like NYC and Beverly Hills such as Ferragamo, Gucci, Bulgari, Valentino, Prada etc. Parking is a dollar an hour I believe.  This mall is comparable to the Village of Merrick park in Coral Gables but just not in such a large open space. The only 2 main restaurants are Makoto and Carpaccio both of which I haven't tried yet. If you are looking for a large mall go to Aventura.  If you're looking for a very large mall go to Sawgrass.  This mall really only has high end fashion designers shops.
Yay! This is a super luxe, flash, fancy shopping center. Even if you can't afford anything, it's a lovely place to window shop. There are ponds filled with gigantic koi fish, palm trees, and gorgeous decor.
Ultra High End Luxury retailers only! Not a typical shopping center-very similar to the The Shoppes at Crystals in the Aria Hotel in Las Vegas. Bugattis and Bentlys in valet. Immaculate architecture and very well maintained tropical landscaping. Everyone here is well dressed, beautiful, yet somehow unexpectedly nice.
If you like the latest style, beautiful fine jewelry, incredible personalized service, wonderful dining and the best of the best,you really need to visit Bal Harbour Shops, this will be a heavenly and glamorous shopping and dining experience!
I dont know of any other place in the world with such an elite grouping of stores in such a confined area. I know you will find all these stores scattered throughout say Rue St. honore(Paris) or Madison Ave. (NY) or Bond street in London or Rome....and while in those cities you get a more authentic local flavor of the stores, I am probably in the minority, but I also appreciate walking and window shopping in a beautifully controlled environment like Bal Harbour...where there is no major traffic from trucks, crazy bikers, construction, dangerous buses like in London, and smog and dirt filled streets. This place is like a quadruple whole foods - where you dont do your entire grocery shopping or you will go broke - but it is a place for rare visit where it feels good to window shop and people watch.
I love visiting this mall while in Miami because it has all my favorite designer stores; Chanel, Cartier, Dolce & Cabana, Fendi, Valentino, Nanette Lapore, etc...It's unbelievable how many $300,000 vehicles you see parked in the parking lot at this Mall! Wow, it makes me feel poor in my GL 400 Mercedes...It's truly inconceivable for most people all the money being spent at this mall! It's a fun experience just to look...
If ever a mall existed solely so the masses could window-shop, Bal Harbour is it.  With every luxury store you can imagine, to the requisite fine dining establishments, to the lush, tropical scenery - Bal Harbour lures you in.   Whether you have that platinum credit card in your wallet or not, you're free to roam around the grounds and take in the sights, both people and material things.  Saks and Neiman Marcus lay at either end of the mall, like bookends keeping the whole place together. There's luxury dining as well, with Makoto, Carpaccio, La Goulue and more to choose from.  Some of these places get extremely packed, so don't be surprised if you encounter a wait when you want to refuel after an afternoon of (window) shopping. Parking is plentiful, but also is paid.  Be sure to ask for your ticket to be validated wherever you might stop - it won't be free, but you can probably get out for about $3.  Another tip - pay attention to the exit you're using - you can only go certain directions (i.e., south on Collins or west to the Broad Causeway) from certain routes.
You really must not miss these shops ! The experience alone is worth it . Lets just say it's a lot of sugar daddy's with their twenty something girl friends , wealthy housewives , and a valet parking that makes a BMW look like a play thing! It's hilarious to go and watch the wealthy in action , today I saw a restaurant that had purse hangers , like mini coat racks but for your purse ... Just so everyone can see it ... But truth be told it is a gorgeous place , the up keep is beautiful , the plants are luscious and it's just dripping with jewelry and clothing stores that even I sold my car I still couldn't afford something . Don't miss these little shops , stop by and have lunch or just walk around and check out the gorgeous ponds with turtles and coy fish to boot !
Every time I'm in Miami, I visit the Bal Harbor shops. It's a beautiful, pristine outdoor mall featuring the highest end shops of the world -- LV, Chanel, Alexander McQueen, Cartier, David Yurman, Neiman Marcus and pretty much every luxury brand you can think of. There are amazing huge koi fish that have called the mall ponds home ever since I can remember coming here as a young girl. My only qualm with this mall is the public bathroom on the second floor next to Segefredo. It's hideous. People drop $1100 on Louboutins or $50k+ on fine jewelry from Van Cleef and then have to relieve themselves in what looks no better than a typical airport restroom. It's unfathomable to me but yet that's what it is! The least they can do is make the space feel prestigious with the use of cheap materials. The design is just awful! I actually feel it ruins the experience of the entire mall. I've never used the bathrooms in Saks or Neimans so I can't speak for those but if you have to "go potty" while in Bal Harbor, expect a less than desirable experience on the second floor.
This mall is so pretty.  By far the nicest mall in South Florida, no doubt about it. Whatever designer store you are looking for will probably be here.  As I walked around it was hot with our crazy humidity this time of year so I did not stay very long as trying to shop with sweat pouring down your entire body is not much fun. I was meeting a friend and as I gawked at all the fancy designer stores I was wishing I would have hit the lottery. Talk about some major damage I could have done. I think the fountains are so beautiful but they are very loud. I had to call my friend and could barely hear over the water. People watching here is a riot seeing how some people have so much money you can just tell by the shoes and handbags they carry while shopping.  Plenty restaurants to choose from, plentiful stores to cause you to go broke.  Agh yea if only but  every now and then I splurge and am quite happy with my purchase. Saks Fifth Avenue is awesome at this location as well as Michael Kors, and Tory Burch. Fabulous mall with such great stores!
One of the best malls in America for luxury shopping. Loved the amazing zen feeling with the koi pond running through the entire bottom level and all the palm trees adorning the mall. The selection here is incredible as far as rare pieces/skin. Typically in the NY Chanel's they only have one to three exotic pieces in the store at any given time, but the Chanel boutique at Bal Harbor had over 25 on display. Wish there was a Celine boutique. Great selection of brands for women's shoes as well. Highly recommend as sales tax in Miami is slightly lower than NY and LA.
Bal Harbour is the epitome of high end, luxury shopping.  If you're a fashionista and appreciate the finer things in life, a trip to Miami can not be complete without a stop here.  Granted you're not going to find any bargains here, but nonetheless, there is plenty of shopping to be done here.  Bal Harbour features high end department stores such as Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue.  Then, there are my favorite brands such as Jimmy Choo, Alexander McQueen, Giuseppe Zanotti, Lanvin, Miu Miu, Chanel, Valentino, and many many more! But what makes Bal Harbour uber fabulous is the lush landscaping, the Coy ponds, and fountains on the inside.  When you first walk in, you feel as if you have been whisked away to a tropical paradise!  It is beyond beautiful and a sight to be seen. I would have loved to grab a latte and just sit back and soak it all in, but with all the shopping that needed to be done, there just was no time.  My only woe is that there was no Louis Vuitton or an Hermes.  With the celebrity clientele known to frequent this shopping Mecca, it seems strange that these two very popular luxury brands would not have a home here! This was definitely one of my favorite places in Miami and it makes me sad that this can't be a regular shopping destination for me! An additional note: Bal Harbor does charge for parking, but offer a validated rate if you make a purchase.
This place is only missing Hermes My lord I'm in heaven. Designer stores and Designer Stores. Perfect location away from the crazy miami beach area smack dead in Bal Harbour. Definitely an Exclusive place.
At Bal Harbour, they bring the tropical forest inside closed walls. The exotic wilderness is emphasized by a glass expansion above, illuminating the area with beams of natural sunlight. Cherry wood panels and columns score the balconies, which complete the tranquil, island-like atmosphere. It is true that such meticulous detail is taken into account in creating this paradise of sorts. For instance, there are water fountains containing minor populations of brilliant orange koi fish and turtles. In terms of landscape for leisurely shopping, the center deserves a full five stars because of its breathtaking environment. This shopping center is completely high-end. The most obvious indicator is when you pay for the $4 parking fee before you walk in. My sister and I primarily went here so we could purchase a gift for someone at Louis Vuitton. It wasn't surprising that afterwards, we sauntered to other small shops-like David Yurman and Fendi. I have attached several high quality photos below for your perusal: bit.ly/VhiquD bit.ly/15eba6Q bit.ly/15ebdzr bit.ly/XNwjPS
This place is fancier than Rodeo Drive - by far.  The mall has every great shop and you will pay for it.  You can easily get lost and spend hours walking around.  It is an outdoor mall, but it is surprisingly pleasant outside during the summer. A couple things you should know: ...The place is pristine and immaculate - kids love the coy ponds ...People are fancy here ...You pay for parking (get it validated) ...Models walk around in stores clothing ...There are never sales ...They have the latest stuff - all the time ...Makoto is very underrated ...The coffee shop is fantastic God save you if you have Josi at the toll gate to get out - she is to busy gossiping than to do her job - Thanks for making us miss the light.
This place is by far the top of the food chain! I feel like my "mean reds" always melt away when I set foot there. Whatever luxury brand name you look for in great variety you can find there and more cool high end stuff you haven't heard about it yet. The sushi restaurant and the italian restaurant there are very yummy too and (incredibly) affordable. So you if you can afford the Chanels of the world just come window shop, eat well and rub shoulders with royalty...you will feel like a million bucks without spending a million bucks! Lol
MATERIALISTIC WORLD I just can't justify spending these prices on anything. I have never seen such an expensive shopping mall before (we have Keystone in Indy), I.  I believe in both coupon saving, as well as splurging on the "finer things in life." It's ALL materialistic goods, but really money is materialistic too (or our means to it).  What matters most in life is family, friends, health, and love.  The important things in life are free.  The next most important things are found here!  Every expensive, classy, elegant, high end establishment that we have all heard of & seen through the looking glass but only the very wealthy could afford is here.  I saw a tank top that was covered in rhinestones (perhaps real) that I would wear to something no other than a CLUB.  I would NEVER wear a $750 top to a club or bar where drunk people can spill on it!  It was lovely, but this is where I feel "generic" would be much better.  I do feel these brands/stores are the top masters of the "4 P's of Marketing" (Product, Price, Place, Promotion).  The quality is true and unbeatable.  A Brand doesn't just market it's way to the top by marking a high price on a poor product or reputation. I do truly believe in them for quality of product, promotional success by advertising their brand, placing their store in a location in the center of North Miami, & pricing high to maintain their high quality reputation, but offering the brand promise and assurance behind it.  With all this said, I can't say this is a bad mall.  It is just target marketed in a location for the very wealthy.  I was at my Indiana farm boys condo RIGHT on North Miami Beach, and the culture is so very different from IND.  He can be loaded and buy us VIP bottle service at every club & would even himself never justify shopping there.  Although I own some nice things, the most expensive I can bear to take OUT with me is a $300 Pink Coach purse. Beyond that, how materialistic and ridiculous can we get? I was walking with a friend up Collins Ave and ran into this random mall. I saw customers at the outside restaurant looking at us like we didn't belong and why in the world were were walking by or through there. I value a wealthy person's success, or a poor person's effort. I VALUE character & personality. I believe there are good & bad wealthy folks, also good & bad poor folks. Sorry some Midwestern Indiana folk would dare walk through even the OUTSIDE of their mall (dressed in very appropriate young lady summer attire that even my own father would approve of).  It is truly LOVELY.  The trees, fountains, scenery, and the idea of what it is like to be wealthy and shop within that price range.  If you are a nice wealthy person, this mall is LOVELY and has all those elegant classy brands the middle class and poor class could dream of!  Please spare the middle class people just browsing in amazement of what fine establishments there are and what it is like to have that much money to live in that range of price shopping. The high class quality brands, the staff in the shops, the window shopping even of the walk down the promenade is gorgeous. I have clearly rated this a little less than others simply because I felt judged. The staff were nice and happy to show us around.  Really, I believe they were bored.  The shops in places like that are kept VERY open and highly over-staffed (obviously to prevent theft). If they sell one or two items all day they have covered labor, and still profited! Elegant brands. I was disappointed in the customers that would give us crude looks and even a snark comment by one (likely insecure of her middle aged crisis and dependance on her wealthy husband. I educated myself ma'am, and will never be rude back. Be wealthy, be blessed, but be humble and modest.  My experience there of BROWSING this gorgeous jaw-dropping place was ruined by happening to cross paths with a snobby fashioned rich people dining & shopping. They don't OWN the mall. I feel people like that need to get involved in volunteer work or charities and fund raise for those less fortunate. I believe in times of having a little and having a lot.  The mall and staff were not the problem, however, some select entitled feeling customers were. Our half a mile or less walk from my boy's condo North, led to this mall, & turned into being judged & looked at funny.  My boy is making $250,000 and would never shop there himself even. Miami party boy pretend, but Indiana small town FARM boy at heart (horses!).  He personally shares his blessings, comes from a family that was blessed, & educated parents who raised him right. With the education I have, I cannot ever say this mall or Brand names have not done everything perfectly right on.  The MALL itself even is glamorous. Rich snobs and rich nice folk are both here. Happiness is what we can give, not what we can get. This mall is indeed amazing and worth a view whether you can afford (or even want to) or just see. BEAUTIFUL EXPERIENCE!
This by far has been the most beautiful mall, I have visited. It's very Miami, full of beautiful people, great restaurants/bars, amazing & super expensive stores. - Rodeo Drive really can't compete. I guess the Bal Harbour Shops are the reason why Miami is one of the fashion capitals of the world. I actually felt like I had been kidnapped into another world. Definitively a must-see. A lot of people complain about parking, since it's $1.50/hr, though you can get it validated, at pretty much ever store..
I'm sure you've heard of that certain 1% that the Occupy Movement keeps mentioning? Well, if you have and have wondered where they hang out and where they do their shopping look no further than Bal Harbour Shops. It's a place, however, for those of us in the 99%, even if not shopping and even if there isn't anything needed or can't otherwise afford to buy, that is a totally splendid, beautiful mall unlike any other and definitely worth a peek. Unlike other malls, this is one in which you are going to have to pay to park, the parking attendants are dressed as Bahamian Guards, polite, well mannered and with a tour guide knowledge of the stores that make up the mall. It's a unique area not only to stroll, but to people watch. Here are a few events that happened, that I saw or eves dropped upon that one generally wouldn't see or wouldn't take place elsewhere. 1. My friend spotted a lovely shirt in with some other shirts all marked as being "On Sale." So, he decided to buy it, took it to the check out register only to be told that the shirt was $600, which had been marked down from its regular price of $900. Since he had misread the zeros thinking that it was $60 marked down from $90 he got a red blush on his face, quietly returning it in hopes that no one would take note of his financial embarrassment. 2. An elderly geezer with a trophy wife or girl friend purchasing a set of "His & Her" matching wrist watches and having no problem with and not even attempting to negotiate the $48,000 price tag. 3. A champagne sipping more than middle aged cougar handing a twenty something year old a credit card or whatever, telling him to go buy her something beautiful and to pick himself up something while he was at it, then pick up the car and meet her at the valet area in two hours. Since there aren't any malls known to me to be comparable to Bal Harbour Shops and since it is so unique, five stars. ADDENDUM: OK, since several fellow Yelpites have asked what I was doing there, fact is I went there in hopes of being scooped up by a generous cougar. However, that having failed, I plan to return in drag, disguised as a Miami trophy girl. Shhhhh! Don't tell.
Great Mall. Stop bye on a trip to Miami. A local recommended a exotic shoe store called the Addict. Which I am a shoe addict. Great valet service $15 or $25 to keep your car up front ballers only. Gucci store is very nice looks like every other nothing special. They did remove the Louis Vuitton store boo. Overall real great mall.
While this is probably the most beautiful mall in the country, and it's definitely a place where the richest of the rich come out to play (and stock their closets), it's got a pretty funny feeling to it in at least this aspect: There's more haggard old ladies walking around here in way too skimpy, skin tight, $$$$ designer clothing to not want to shield your eyes every few paces. Other than that, I'd say this is probably the largest concentration of ultra high end shopping I've ever seen outside of Rodeo Drive in LA. If you're looking for stores where a last name either appears in, or is the title of the store, this is where you want to go. Prada, Gucci, D&G, Brioni, Louis Vutton... the list goes on and on and on ranging from the mainstream to the obscure. To give you some bearings here, the lowest end clothing store in the entire mall is Ralph Lauren and even the food options are spiked with actual restaurants, not your average mall food court eateries. This is the first mall in the country that ever charged for parking, and that charge will be $4 an hour if you don't validate by buying something. Also, yeah, know how most malls have a Hyundai Sonata or Kia Rio in the middle of the mall? This one has a Maserati, Ferrarri, some Audi I've never seen and a Lambo. Each have a sign next to them with an exclusive number "for valued customers of Bal Harbor Shops" to call to get the ownership or leasing process started. High end is an understatement. This is one of the most incredible and untouchable malls in all of America. I guarantee it. Walking around here, even for the people watching is a trip.
If I had a ton of money this would be a great mall to shop at. The outdoor areas are well kept and nice to walk around. The gardens are a nice touch to the mall. I actually don't find this mall hot because of the fans. There is no need for A/C since it is outdoors. There is a large selection of high end designer shops and jewelry. Parking is definitely overpriced in my opinion. You can get parking validated if you make any purchases (I believe it decreases the price to $1 or $2.50 an hour, I just can't recall at this moment) I haven't found another mall like this in the area. I do enjoy just walking around and people watching while waiting for a hair appointment. My main reason in going here is Red Market Salon.
This place was great.....in 1990. Some of the great stores like LOUIS VUITTON, CARTIER, AND DIOR are gone.  Replaced by tons of overpriced watch stores.  Most of the entire front parking lot is taken by the valets on the weekends and they tell you all their $10 spots are gone and they only have $25 V.I.P. spots left. Forget this place - Aventura Mall has the same stuff, free parking and air conditioning.
I walk into Saks, Bal Harbor, and this short, wide eyed, kind faced, older women rushes towards me making wild circular motions, misting the air with a bottle I immediately recognize as Tom Ford''s Black Orchid. Before I can respond to this spectacle, she's holding the inside of my palm, spraying me, and then fawning over the fragrance. Like some sort of axe body spray commercial gone horribly wrong I thank her, and say yes, I am familiar with it, but am not interested. Doesn't register. I'm inundated with fragrance after fragrance by this woman, she would run to-and-fro from the fragrance counter to the mens collection, and I'm convinced she would have followed me into the fittings room if Saks Miami had anything worth considering. Which they didn't... So to sum up, Saks Bal Harbor, unlike it's New York Flagship, is a must-hit-my-quota-twilight zone with a large collection of nothing to wear.
Bal Harbour has to be the most beautiful mall I've ever seen.  I even hesitate to call it a mall.  It's an outdoor, um, gathering of shops, with lush greenery, flowers and ponds. The stores here are the insanely expensive ones, like Gucci, Agent Provocateur, Chanel and Versace.  Lower-budget stores like Ann Taylor and Gap are on the second floor.  I stick mostly to Saks and Neiman's.  The sales there are insane.  Diane von Furstenburg for almost half-off!  My auntie scored a Badgley Mischka gown for her daughter's graduation party for only $350! After a tough day of shopping, settle down for a meal at Carpaccio, where you must have the tartufo for dessert, or La Goulue, where you can sample from the Salad Nicoise, the trout Almondine or have mussels with Belgian Fries (which they serve with ketchup, mustard AND mayo - as it should be).
This is THE luxury mall in Miami. Located on Miami Beach and actually across the street from the beach this destination shopping mecca is known for having a strong collection of designer stores. Name a high end designer and you'll find it at Bal Harbour. The with small waterfalls and koi ponds provide a relaxing location for a nice stroll. Although those waterfalls can be a little too loud. Bal Harbour is also home to some of the friendliest mall security you ever saw. I almost felt they were the roving information booths.   Parking was $1/hr during my recent weekday visit.
Ultra high end stores like Gucci, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Prada, D&G and many more. A couple restaurants. Beautiful mall, most beautiful mall in Miami. Great for rich snobs to flash their luxury items and sporty cars. Snooty sales people who walk like they have a stick up their ass. I need to empathize the money here because no one will give you the time of day unless you have thousands of dollars to blow. Not a good place for us poor middle class people, we must go back to Aventura. Even though the people here are crappy, I still think this is a great mall, and when I do buy a designer item I will always prefer to go here rather than another place. Whether you are buying or just window shopping this would be consider a Miami must see just because of all the stores and how fancy it is. So five stars to you Bal Harbour!
I have always wondered where you could go to see all of the major designers, and see the things that don't make it to the runway (and I'm probably the only one who tends to think that stuff is garbage). Well, here it is. After passing every high-end car and massive house while heading north through South Beach, you end up at this beautiful mall. I have never seen a mall blend into its surroundings quite like this. It's as if the surrounding neighborhoods were built to suit these shops. The one thing I expected was a lot of pretentious, higher-than-thou, snobbery, but that just wasn't the case. When I took my salary, in Roxy flip flops and Gap shorts no less, into places like Oscar de la Renta, Vera, and Dior, I wasn't snubbed in the slightest! Every single store we stepped into offered awesome service. Some served champagne (thanks Prada!), others offered us details on fabrics (thanks Brioni!), and others traded stories about Portland where we're from. We weren't followed around like we were going to steal things, either. Yes, there are security guards, but they don't treat you like a white-trash heathen. It's a great place to window shop and fall in love. Should I need to incorporate more designer pieces into my wardrobe, I'd head here in an instant.
I went to this mall because we had dinner reservations at La Goulue. Time was around 7pm. Parking was relatively easy to find, probably because it was raining really hard for most of the day. It was ok because they have covered parking. Speaking of parking, its like $5/hour, unless you get it validated... so get it validated!   Another thing I noticed was that it had fountains EVERYWHERE, some even had Koi fish swimming around, nice touch. This mall has a lot of high end shops, which is really nice.
This place was way better than the Miami Design district.  Tons of different shops, plenty of bathrooms and of course tax was only 7%.  Very low compared to San Francisco 10%. The down side is we had to pay for parking.  Luckily I had to try a cuban coffee and ordered my first Colada at the Santa Fe News & Espresso shop. They had a discount stamp where I was able to save $10 on parking. Loved the mall and loved the stores that are in it.
Have you ever heard the phrase..."If you have to look at the price tag, you probably can't afford it"?  Let's just say, I was flipping tags in every store. This is probably the most expensive mall I've ever been to.  It is beautiful, and the day we were there was breezy, so it was a pleasure to walk through. Just keeping it real though...It was too high end for me.  Not to say I couldn't appreciate it for what it is, but  I need my shopping dialed down a notch or two. Worth checking out if high end fashion is your thing.  Even better if you have money to burn!
Ok, you literally have to be born into money in order to shop here.  Louis Vuitton.  Bvlgari.  Gucci.   Chanel.  And other names that I've forgotten or never heard of before.  The "cheapest" place to shop there is The Gap.  And if you have a little money to spend, then maybe Saks Fifth Avenue. While it was a beautiful yet simple outdoor mall, sadly, there were hardly any customers there.  In fact, the salespeople looked bored and talked with others from the neighboring stores.   Again, this outdoor mall is beautiful yet simple.  There are little ponds with koi fish.  Perhaps, if they added well-known stores like Macy's and others, this mall might have a few more people shopping there.
Bal Harbour is a very nice two-story upscale chi-chi mall with lovely landscaping and with highly regarded stores and nice-looking restaurants/cafes. Just coming and walking through will be enough for you to just think "Bal Harbour" repeatedly in an entranced tone. ;-) And yes, do take advantage of buying something here in order to get validation for parking ($4 becomes $1, which is a steal).
Holy crap. A truly high end mall. There were no mid price shops here. Some of the "lower" end (and I mean that figuratively because the stores I name are lower end on the relative scale only) are Tory Burch, Nanette Lepore, Trina Turk, or Brooks Brothers. The rest are mostly high end RTW retail shops like Alexander McQueen, Dolce and Gabbana, Balenciaga, Chanel, Escada, Fendi, and Valentino, to name a few. I've never seen an Agent Provacateur shop in the US before, but Bal Harbour has one.  The jewelry and fine watch shops on the directory are enough to make my eyes water. They have a Graff, Harry Winston, Tiffany's, Van Cleef, AND, a Debeers for all your diamond needs, not to mention Bulgari and David Yurman. Chanel Fine Jewelry if you're into that sort of thing. A Piaget store...an entire shop carrying nothing but extraordinary timepieces...yes they have one. If the $30,000 Piagets don't cut it for you, there's a Tourneau and IWC for all your tastes. Looking for a Brioni suit like 007? Look no further. Need a DVF wrap dress? Come on by. Cashmere for those occasionally chilly Miami nights? Stop by the Loro Piana. You won't be disappointed. Truly, this is the place for exceptional high end shopping.  And the mall space is beautiful as well. I have to wonder how the one lonely bookstore makes any money though. How can they afford the rent on their retail space? Must be the mall owner's one concession to outside pursuits. I'm told that this is the place where all the rich tourists and rich South Americans come to shop. I totally believe that. I'm completely out of place here except as a window shopper or cultural anthropologist. But don't be afraid to go and browse. Just don't get carried away by those beautiful $1000 pumps at Jimmy Choo. I almost did.
This a great mall.......20 minutes North of Miami Beach. This beautiful, high-end mall has all my (My babe and I) favorite stores: Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Giorgio Armani, Zegna, Hugo Boss, Fendi, Prada, Versace, Dolce and Gabbana, Mark Jacobs, etc. This place reminds me of home in SF, Beverly Hills, NY or Vegas......
This place is great! Great! Great! Highest of high end... Graff, Harry Winston,and Cartier for jewels and every uber expensive fashion designer you can think of!!! Chanel, Dior, Dolce, Fendi, Gucci, Prada and Louis to name a few. This outdoor/indoor mall is anchored by Saks and Neiman's. Sports a couple restaurants, a salon, and a few little cafes. The architecture is amazing, think modern spanish style courtyard with palm trees, fountains, a koi pond (they were huge) complete with turtles, and sculpture lined the center and all the stores faced in. Fans lined the ceilings of both levels, which was a nice touch since it was ninety degrees. This place is just gorgeous! Oh, the people shopping here were also amazing--mostly european. The women: well coiffed, dressed to the nines, and just smelled RICH! All the men looked well groomed and effortlessly put together.  Great place to people watch if you have a couple hours to spare. While Bal Harbor Shops can make the average middle class person feel, well, rather poor-you can still shop here if you hit it right. I walked away with a pair of flip flops from Prada. That was about all I could afford this time around!
Every Designer you can desire are in here. This is an experience you do not want to pass in Miami. You have to take the experience yourself.
Feeling fancy huh? Upscale, classy, fashion statement. If I was rich and fancy this would be my fantasy world. Next time maybe I'll dress up and walk into Fendi or Tory Burch with my head up and be like I want to try this and this all, act all rich and what not so I can play in my dreamland. We all dream to own fancy things and nice clothes and this place allows you to be surrounded by it. Parking? Only $1.50/hour, now that's a deal for such a place. Just want to browse? There are plenty of shops and many ponds with beautiful koi fish and waterfalls for you to sight see. Enjoyed our service at Saks Fifth - LV section. The associate was very patient with my mom's indecisiveness. Kudos.
Not only does the mall charge for parking, they were the first mall to EVER charge for parking.  Fascinating history on their website.  Built on a former Army housing area, this place has been around for 45 years, and is still owned by the same family that conceived its existence.   Essentially, this IS what comes to mind when I think of wealthy Miami cougars and celebrities strolling about with their most glamorous clothing.  Looking down on everyone around them. Stores include: Delintancore, Palva von Platz, Squitire, Almond, they're all here. (Yeah, I just made those up)  The point is, this is not your typical mall, and most won't recognize the stores anyway.   Dress the Eff up before heading here, or you will feel embarrassed and leave the premises immediately.   Half of the patrons strolling about have their dogs with them.  I'm debating over whether I'm truly jealous of the people that shop here or not.   Just like Aventura Mall, Bal Harbour is also featured in the video game Grand Theft Auto; Vice City, called "The Washington Mall."   You know that sweet Hyundia Sonata that sits in the middle of your local mall?  Yeah, here it's a Ferrari.
The US mall with the highest concentration of high-end fashion (this place means business--Neiman Marcus, Hermes, Giorgio Armani, Versace, Gucci, Chanel, Dior, Chopard, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Bottega Veneta, Dolce & Gabbana, Fendi, Escada, Vera, Valentino, Marc Jacobs, Roberto Cavalli, Salvatore Ferragamo, Oscar de la Renta, Ralph Lauren, Yves Saint Laurent, Sergio Rossi, Chloe, Jimmy Choo, Tory Burch, Bvlgari, Piaget, Cartier, Harry Winston, David Yurman, Van Cleef & Arpels). however if you're closer to palm beach, you should check out Worth Ave. You know this place means business when parking is $4/hr (unvalidated).  Perfect for out-of-towners to visit and ooh and ahh.  Noticed that most of the stores didn't have many customers in them.  More people milling around outside the really nice koi ponds and waterfalls (cozy two levels).  best restaurant is probably la goulue
Well, it is good at what it is!  Bal Harbor is a very ritzy mall to shop.  This is THE place to shop if you have money.  Almost EVERY major designer has a shop here.  It is a outdoor mall with little koi ponds in the middle. Another couple of tips?  You have to pay to park in the mall lot (it's only a couple of bucks but still).  However, there is some parking across the street if you look.  Also, believe it or not, the food is also excellent here.   They do have sales, especially when it's not in season.  You can find good stuff for 50% off.  However, we're talking a $600 pair of shoes marked down to $300.   If you want to spend about $100 - fuggetaboutit....
I went here last February to get a Valentines day gift. I first went to Bloomingdales to the David Yurman section, but couldn't find anything in particular that stood out, so I landed at Bal Harbour in the David Yurman store. God their jewelry is amazing! It is a small store, very organized. The staff their are very polite and helpful. He showed me a few jewelry pieces, and when I purchased my gift he threw in a free jewelry cleaner. Which was awesome, because who doesn't need that!? So whenever I can not find David Yurman in either Saks or Bloomies I head over to Bal Harbour. Plus the mall is unbelievably amazingly gorgeous to walk around and have a pleasant lunch.
One of the most top notch shopping mecca. If you're looking for bargain, venture a little bit further to the Ventura Mall :) You will find all kinds of luxurious brands. Major dissapointment for not finding Hermes and Louis Vuitton stores in here :(
Bal Harbour Shops--the basics: it's a outdoor mall, two stories (three in Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus).  Bathrooms are on the second level.  Eateries are on the first and second levels. You know this place is high-end when Saks Fifth Avenue sends models to walk around the mall in designer gowns and there are cars (Porches, Aston-Martins, etc) in the mall's courtyard.   Most of the stores here will cost you a paycheck (or two or three) to buy anything here, even if it's 60% off.  The most affordable stores, in addition to the Gap, include, in my opinion, the restaurants, Banana Republic and Books & Books, a Miami-based book chain.  Even if you don't buy the latest dress from (insert designer here), you can still buy a cheap book from Books & Books and a $8 (if $8 is cheap for you) at an eatery upstairs and people-watch.   And, um, yeah, salespeople are snooty here.  Not in all stores (I met a friendly salesclerk in Dolce & Gabbana), but in some stores.  Be careful.
Yes, its all about luxury shopping, but a more interesting note is that its one of most nicely landscaped places in all of Miami.  Koi ponds, lush palms, boganvillia, waterfalls are the regular here in this outdoor paradise. Cons: The mall is a little cramped, I hear they're expanding though. Also, entry from the back isn't pleasant.  You're greeted by lots of service corridors and trucks....not at all welcoming. Some of their high-end stores are leaving and going to the Design District too. Pros:  Again, the landscaping is amazing.  Some nice places to eat too...I'd recommend Books and Books on the second floor, although its not a full-service restaurant, but more of a coffeeshop.  Santa Fe is meh and Carpaccio's prices are nearly double what their sister restaruants charge at Aventura Mall and Merrick Park.  Makato is pretty good so I've heard. Again, if I'm in the area, I'd stop in again, Nice place!
A truly surprising pristine high end mall. I'm from the shopping capital of the world, New York City and I am very impressed with all the high end designer clothing, jewelry and accessories, luxury at its finest!  The valet parking lot is full of exotic cars from Ferraris to Bentleys to Rolls Royces, wow truly amazing! I've been to Rodeo Drive in LA but this is even better! I had a blast people watching!
The Taj Mahal of shopping malls. So beautiful you want to live there - except you'd go broke since you couldn't stop spending at all the wonderful stores. In addition to the best names in retailing, the Bal Harbour Shops has recruited some pretty good restaurants as tenants too. More reason to make the trek from whereever you are to see this monument to fashion.
This mall is really amazing, not that I would actually buy something at most of the shops. There is Makoto, which is one of the best Japanese restaurants in the city, they have great shopping including Neman Marcus and Saks... both of which have good sales at times of the year. The mall is usually pretty empty, and parking costs money. You can get it cheap if you buy something or have a meal. There is beautiful landscaping, great carp, turtles, and other great art designs. This is the nicest mall around, not to mention the highest grossing mall in the world in terms of dollars per square foot (look it up!). It's worth checking out just to see a really well done mall.
I wish I could love this place. If I was a millionaire I would. High class stores, beautiful decor. Alas. I am not rich enough.
Glam shopping in the sunshine!  This is just about as amazingly luxurious as shopping gets.  Anywhere.  Anchored by Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue, virtually every major high end fashion house is represented here.  From Gucci to Alexandar McQueen, to Chanel to Valentino - this is a fashionista's paradise.  Strolling the outdoor areas between the super luxe shops is beautiful, with koi ponds and fountains lining the pramenade.  The entire "mall" is a delight for the senses.  Even if you cannot afford a small purchase here, it is a great place to come window shop and have lunch, watching the endless parade of Rolls Royce's and Lamborghini's being valeted in front of you at one of the restaurants such as Carpaccio's.  A total sensory overload and a must when visiting Miami Beach - Bal Harbour is the best!.
This is a gorgeous mall.  I would go as far as to say the most beautiful mall I've been to.  There are large wooden shutters, with ceiling fans and beautiful greenery surrounding you.  The areas to rest are plentiful, and the shops are fantastic.  They are of the higher-end variety, but you also have some large department stores to choose from. If you're looking to get away from some of the cheesy boutiques on South Beach, head in this direction.
Swanky! Expensive! Needles Markup (aka Neiman Marcus) And a great treat for window shopping.   (Sorry but even on sale, I can't afford to shop here.) A fun fantasy. Gorgeous and fun.
Pretty stores to look at, but obviously incredibly expensive. I kind of think of it more as going to a museum to look at pretty shiny things I shouldn't touch. It's like going into a weird bubble of wealth, where you can see someone buying 1200 dollar shoes without flinching. I loved visiting the Alexander McQueen store, where the staff was actually really friendly. However, some other stores made me feel a bit like I was Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman..
Bal Harbour is the toniest shopping area in South Florida. It's filled with all the big fashion logos any girl or guy desires. If you're in Miami and want to relive that "Julia Roberts on Rodeo" Drive experience...come to Bal Harbour and be prepared to burn some cash fast. It's an outdoor mall that's right across from the beach, even the parking here is expensive. Names here include: Chanel, Louis Vuiton, Burberry, Versace, Saks, Neiman Marcus, Bulgari, Chloe, Marc Jacobs, Dior, D&G, Fendi, Gucci, Hermes, Roberto Cavalli, Valentino, TIffany's, Yves Saint Laurent... it goes on and on and on....this shopping place has been featured a few times on MTV's "Super Sweet 16"
This is Lux-Living at its finest. Sure, you can't really afford anything here. But it;s a great place to stroll through on your way to the beach. The best place for people-watching. Lifestyles of the 1% Rich and Famous. There are a few cafe's that aren't too bad, and the weather in winter is perfect for open-air shopping. My faves for budget-conscious: 1) Books & Books 2) Le Goleu
Great open-air shopping center to walk, and look around. Very calm, clean and really beautifully. Now, here are only the hi-end shops, so, if you are into a budget, forget about it. But as an experience, it's really nice, and it is a must to visit if you are in the area. Also, the restaurants are great, pleasant, and surprisingly NOT expensive as you might expect from a mall like this.
A chic mall full of brand names built inside a beautiful tropical garden! Love the blooming flowers, tortoises in the pond and trendy shops. They discount the parking from $4 per hour to $1 hour if you make purchase in the shop, even just for a coke. Good deal!
Very luxurious place love the shops inside people are very friendly and come up to you with respect. .... The area is so highly sophisticated parking isn't a problem at all
MOST people are nice, however some retail "workers" are just downright stuck up snobs. We went into one watch store where the guy was on his ipad and he didn't even bother to look up until we asked him a question, in which he looked me up and down, answered and then looked back down.
If money really grew on trees this would be the worlds best mall. Every shop is designer you have saks, and neiman marcus for your department stores. Then every high end designer you can imagine from chanel, gucci, prada, ferragamo, tiffany's, cartier, van cleef and arpel, dolce and gabbanna, versace, need I say more? YOu get the hint if it is a designer store if is definately in this mall. The best part of this mall they allow dogs !!!! SO I love bringing my dog shopping. The restaurants are good too. Check out Carpaccio, or Nemain Marcus upstairs they have amazing pop overs !
Love, Love this place-its in a gorgeous area, near the water, its indoor-outdoor, the downstairs had some bistros-restaurants, sat under open sky , with waiters outside, as the sun beamed down. The security & police are in shorts, just fabulous!! Yes, this is prestine-not run of the mill, all High end designers, like Ferragamo,Cartier(* where the people with white gloves open the doors for you) to Saks Fifth .It is definitely upscale-with lush greeneries,guess why police in all corners-high end-YEah!! The parking, all I saw was European cars, German-, no hoopty's, valet-for most of it, small area-you can park yourself..Not far from South Beach-Miss it so, but wouldn't be able to go all the time..high end-high $$, doesnt stop me from going -love this place!!
The shops here have AMAZING customer service. Maybe because they provide everyone with one-on-one intimate experience at every boutique even all the way up to the department stores. They make shopping quick and efficient. They have all of the best brands for literally EVERYTHING and new ones popping up all the time! They also throw fabulous events from time to time and I have been to a few, they do not disappoint! Free champagne and h'orderves in combination with great people, can't go wrong with that! My favorite stores at BH are: * Agent Provocateur - High end but risque lingerie, Well worth every penny! * Hermes - Never has anything in stock, really ever * Saks/Neimans - Surprisingly both carry EXTREMELY different lines! You would think "oh I went to Saks, no need to see Neiman's", NO you need to go there as well. They both are like night and day department stores. * Calypso - They have great Miami attire. They sell a lot of beachy clothes but have some great dresses, WHITE PANTS (bought two pair of pants and am constantly asked where I purchased them), and fur items for the winter as well (not sure who would need them in Miami). The staff is extremely friendly and they carry GREAT lines, top quality stuff and moderately priced ($160 for a great pair of pants that will last a lifetime, $340 for a nice "statement" dress). They do have sales and put amazing items out so try to figure out when they have sales if you think the price tag is too high because they give huge discounts. * Intermix - My absolute favorite store in the world. I dream of just living in a place like this and being able to wake up in the morning and wear a different outfit from this store everyday. They have the trendiest clothes in every aspect (work, beach, going out attire). A one stop shop if you need anything that is unique and will make a statement. * Diane Von Furstenberg * Michael Kors - Always has GREAT dresses for a great price. Here they carry the Michael Kors line as well as the cheaper Michael by Michael Kors. This assures that one can always find a sexy dress but maybe not at the $1,500+ Michael Kors price tag (although they do have BEAUTIFUL dresses in the Michael Kors collection). They have similar dresses to their higher line for $150 in their lower end line but they still look amazing! Carpaccio is obviously where everyone goes for lunch if you want a "see-and-be-seen" environment. This mall is where the elite hangout and mingle, and well SHOP. Definitely the 1%. Every time I visit this mall, I constantly see women in their 60's decked out in Hermes birkin bags, christian louboutins, and ridiculous diamonds from head to toe. Never have seen these people walking the streets of miami anywhere, JUST Bal Harbour shops.
Flew back home, from LA, for the weekend.  Had to stop by.  Love shopping here.  It's classy, sexy and...well, it's home!
Bal Harbour is an experience not to be missed. Between the stores, the people (and pet) watching and the beautiful landscaping, koi ponds, you will not be bored. It is worth every cent to park and walk around (as everyone else said make sure you get your parking validated). You can even do well at some of the stores at the end of the seasons as well as the big "sale" holidays. I miss Hermes and LV, but otherwise there is something for everyone there......
Miami's equivalent of Rodeo drive.  This place is chic, luxurious and hot!  Its an outdoor mall where the rich and famous roam.  This is a great place for serious window shopping, a must when in Miami.   I loved leaving drooling on the Harry Winston window.
I am very disappointed I just missed out on being the first to review Bal Harbour.  I am also surprised that no one has reviewed it yet.  I have been going here since I was a kid on the annual family holiday vacation at "The Beach". The analogy to Rodeo Drive is perfect.  With all the upscale stores in BH, I doubt there is another mall like it in the country.  Harry Winston (the jeweler to the stars) is even here.  The woman at HW was incredibly kind and not at all pretentious.  If you can afford to shop here, it is a must.  A great place to wow people, people watch and a few good restaurants and cafes to get a quick bite to eat or a meal.  A great place for rainy days in North Miami Beach.
A beautiful mall, with very helpful staff.  The shops are high end and are very well designed. 1 star off for charging for parking! Even if you validate, you still have to pay (with a discount)
Great ponds
This is the place to go if you want to feel super poor :(.
I LOVE Bal Harbour! And that is all =D
Love this mall!  Although a little depressing because it is chocked full of so many super high end stores it will make your head spin. The Saks is awesome there and there is plenty of nice restaurants as well.  It is gorgeous to stroll around the perfectly manicured outdoor areas complete with koi ponds, water fountains, benches, and lush landscaping.  DId I mention also good people watching? :)
Bal Harbour Shops is definitely the place for those that like the finer things in life! Nowhere else in So FL compares. This outdoor mall is beautifully landscaped and has fountains and koi ponds throughout. It isn't just a nice place to shop, it's also a great place to sit down, relax and people watch! I ventured here to splurge on a nice watch, and was disappointed to find that there is no Cartier in the entire mall. I assumed Saks would at least have a Cartier boutique/counter, but they don't. For that I deducted one star! After treating myself to a nice LV bag, I perused all the jewelry stores to see if I liked any of their watches. Unfortunately, I didn't, so I decided to have lunch before heading to the Cartier in midtown. I am happy to report that all the salespersons I encountered were helpful and pleasant....I didn't come across a single pretentious idiot! The salesperson in the LV boutique at Saks was kind enough to help us select a restaurant for lunch. He highly recommended Carpaccio and we were impressed...the food was delish and the service first class. If you dine or purchase anything in the mall, be sure to get your parking ticket validated. Parking is $5/hour without validation and $1.50/hour with validation.
When I grow up, I want to shop here and only here. For now Merrick Park hits the spot but Bal Harbor is such a beautiful mall with fantastic fashion eye candy. It still brings back memories of my yearly pilgrimage with my mom during the holidays when I was younger. Every once in a while there's a sale at Neiman Marcus or Saks that makes it worthwhile to go out there from the gables area.
I would probably appreciate this mall a lot more if I could afford to shop here (cue the frustrated face). It is a very nice shopping area featuring lots of fancy named stores. It is a pain in the butt to find parking here and the worst thing is you have to pay 5$ to park! Even if you get the ticket validated you still pay! I guess if you can afford to shop here, you can afford to park here. Besides this, the mall is nicely decorated and has some yummy looking restaurants strung about
You have to love the high quality merchandise they offer. This is a open inside mall. Everything is nice and in order. If you're looking for the finer things in life, then this is the place. There is a security guard in a black suits at most stores....well he might be all stores. There is a small fee when exiting the parking lot. $$$$
Most beautiful mall I've ever seen!!    Beautiful gardens and water features all along the center of the lower level.   More beautiful than some conservatories I've been to.  This mall has only high end merchants.    Sales people were all friendly in all the shops I stopped in.    Found a "hot" deal on a beautiful handbag at the Marc Jacobs store.    I receive so many compliments on it.   Strangers come up to me and want to know where I got it.     Don't miss this mall if you're in the Miami area.
The ritziest mall in South Florida - I feel like a baller when I'm here. When I'm making millions, I'll be sure to give this place a look ;)
It's Bal Harbour, what more do you need to say? Nice shops and restaurants.  If you want good service, dress the part.
My favorite shopping place in Miami. The outdoors landscape is beautiful and the decor is breathless. It has all of my favorite designers from Hermes to Tory Burch. There's different vary of restaurants that you can eat at if you're hungry. Or even pick up some macaroons if you're having a sweet tooth.  The place even have valet service which that's a plus...
Too rich for my blood. What a nice place for those who can afford it though. Luckily I didn't get the disdain feeling from the clerks at this high end mall as I did in Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills.  It's fun to go into places like Saks and window shop and look at the eye popping prices for garments mended in 3rd world countries. (don't want to side track). So anyway, if I could I would, that's all I can say =)
If you want to go to one of the BEST malls in the USA and spend tons of money on nothing but only designer goods, this place is the MOTHERSHIP.
if you like to shop high end name brand, this is the mall for you. gucci, chanel, louis vuitton, you name it they have it. just make sure you bring a credit card and dress in your sunday best, because these snooty sales people won't give you the time of day unless they know you've got money to spend...very pretty woman-esque. the mall is half outdoor with an atrium in the middle. even if you don't buy anything, it's a great place to take a stroll.
