I love coming here, it's my happy place.   Let's begin with parking.  They have a parking garage where it's never taken me longer than 3-4 minutes to find a spot (I'm not talking December 24th here!).  Not sure about the other major retailer(s), but if you have a Nordstrom card, they will validate your parking for up to 2 or 3 hours, can't recall.  This is regardless of a purchase or not.  If you don't have a card, they will validate with any purchase.  I am yet to pay for parking here. Yes, you can spend oodles of money here, or you can find magnificent bargains, as I have.  On a recent visit I stopped at J.Crew and headed straight for the clearance section, where everything had an additional 40% off.  I walked out with a full bag of goodies for $109.  You also have Francesca's Closet which carries adorable boutique-style clothing and accessories at very affordable prices (tops for under $45).  There is also Banana Republic, Ann Taylor and a few other places where you can hunt for bargains.  The sales associates at Tommy Bahama here extremely helpful as well. My main reason for coming here is Nordstrom, where you are guaranteed to find what you need without breaking the bank.  Granted, some of their departments don't have quite the selection that other nearby mega-malls have, but in a pinch, you will find what you need. While I rarely shop at the higher end stores, I do window shop on occasion, when it's time to splurge.  Be it Neiman Marcus, Gucci or Carolina Herrera, the customer service has been wonderful and not as intimidating as one would think. Lastly, you have at least 4 sit-down dining options: Yard House, Crave, Villagio and SAWA. If you are looking for a pleasant shopping experience and aren't in the mood for the craziness of mega-malls, head on over to Merrick Park.  It's a breath of fresh air (literally)!
I am rating the Nordstrom's Restaurant at the Village of Merrick Park: The staff was friendly, the food (a half salad and soup option) was very delicious and they have a small wine selection. The seating was comfortable. They close when the shopping center is closing so don't expect late night seating. Make sure to account for parking which will cost about $5, but is available and not crowded and very close to the Nordstroms.
VERY nice outdoor type mall for people that are rich and/or have money to spare. Many compare this mall to Bal Harbour Shops. Yes, same concept but, this one is obviously newer and more accessible from the interior portions of Miami-Dade County. If you're poor like me or, in the mood for an adventure, Douglas Road Metrorail Station drops you off a short 10-15 minute walk from this mall. There is also a courtesy shuttle that sporadically runs to and fro to the mall/station. I had never been here and was quite impressed. Although I would never shop here because I is poe, there are some accessible restaurants here for people like me, e.g., Yard House, Crave. You can have a nice meal at these two while enjoying the scenery without necessarily making your wallet bust into tears. If you're a tourist, you will approve of this mall. Nice place to walk around getting a glimpse of Miami.
The Village of Merrick Park is a really nice outdoor mall in Coral Gables (south Miami area).  The stores at this mall are more of the high end type of shops and professional offices in multiple sections on multiple levels in some areas.  There is a parkette in the middle and the anchors ere are Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus.   This is a really esthetically pleasing mall with ample parking at most times.  You have to take a ticket upon entry and the parking must be paid prior to exit at various pay stations.  I'm not sure if there are some businesses that validate here or not but the either way the parking is not expensive.  They do offer valet parking and if you are driving a Lexus the valet parking is free. There are a few restaurants on the ground level like the Yard House.  I haven't eaten there, only had some beer but they have a nice variety.
The Village of Merrick Park is my favorite outdoor mall anchored with Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom and has many restaurants and stores.The Yard House at the mall is amazing the mall itself is pretty and has a friendly staff I love this mall
Upscale mall located in Coral Gables. They have plenty of high end stores to spend your money on. Also has some restaurants and bars. To pricey for my wallet. Plenty of street parking and parking garage. Yard House is located here which is good for their Happy Hour. Gotta try the chocolate chip cookies at Neiman Marcus. Heard they're Da Bomb!
Great place with high-end stores. Love that they have Godiva, Teavana, Nordstrom, love their cafe on a 2nd floor. Used to work close by and came here for lunch every day- really good food! There is also Equinox Fitness, on 2nd floor. Most important, the view is beautiful, looks amazing in evening. This is a place that every tourist would like. Bad part - no free parking and no cheap stores.
Always happy to visit. Its a nice, well-kept, high end outdoor mall.  I don't frequent all the stores at Village of Merrick, but it has the closest Nordstrom location so, in my eyes, its the best! Be sure to validate your parking ticket at Nordstrom. (have lunch there too: Cafe Bistro!) Other stores that I like here (that won't break the bank): Anthropologie, J.Crew, Godiva, Teavana, White House Black Market, and Banana Republic. They also have cute  children's clothing stores like Babycottons. O and Tiffany & Co... A girl can dream about all the shiny treasures in there...as overpriced as they may be... The restaurants at Village of Merrick are just so-so. Besides Nordstrom's Cafe Bistro and Neiman Marcus's Mariposa, the best overall one is Yard House in my opinion. It is reasonably priced, has good food, energy, and great selection of beer. The others I've tried were Crave and Sawa and they were good but not really anything special. Love is Blind is nearby and I'm looking forward to trying that restaurant soon. :) Overall, I like visiting Village of Merrick Park. Its really not a one stop shop type of mall,  where its loud and overcrowded, but an enjoyable experience. Especially on a nice not too hot day. Enjoy food at one of the (good) restaurants, coffee (Ebar, C'est Bon), chocolate( Godiva) or soft serve (yogurberry), and shop til you drop (not really). Now if they would open a Sephora and a Books & Books here.... :)
Not your typical mall. It is outdoors, not crowded, and feature really nice restaurants unlike your typical food court experience at other malls. In fact, two of my favorite restaurants are here : Love is Blind and Yardhouse. Some of my favorite stores they carry include Nordstroms,  Neiman Marcus, Banana Republic, Anthropologie, J Crew, just to name a few. You won't find a Forever 21 or Love Culture here...it's a little bit more upscale for that. It's a nice place to have lunch and stroll around.
Nordstrom validates parking for 3 hrs.  Great outdoor mall with all the usual stores you'd ever need.  Not too far from Miami.
This is a great high end outdoor mall. It has many nice designer stores. The only complaint I have is the fact they havent updated their store list. I wanted to visit some stores that arent there anymore. But needless to say its beautiful and I love going o Sunday afternoon have some coffee and people watch.
I had such a bad experience at the Prada handbag store at Neiman Marcus at this location that I won't ever return. You can't have horrible customer service and expect to sell a $2,000.00 handbag. My bag broke within the first year and the woman behind the counter was so awful I didn't trust leaving my purse with her. I highly recommend Bal Harbor shops vs this location!!!
If you happen to be in Miami and have won the Powerball this is the place for you!  This is a very nice outdoor mall that is full of beautiful higher-end stores and quite a few restaurants to choose from.  The Canali store here carries a better selection than the store in Bal-Harbor.
You will love it here if you prefer a more relaxing way of shopping. A lot of high end brands has opened here and they have a Nordstrom. They also have several high end restaurants. This would be a great place to spend a lazy weekend afternoon or just having a business lunch. It is located right next to the italian embassy and the Ferrari and jaguar dealership. It is pretty upscale yet not intimidating.
One of the most beautiful malls I've ever been too! Wish there were more stores in the mall for clothes, seems like lots of children/baby clothing stores, but Nordstrom, Anthro, Nieumns, J crew, Kate spade, etc the list of great stores goes on! Parking isn't free, Nordstrom validates for card members. Some parts of the mall are outdoors, so not ideal in the rain. But such a perfect location to go shopping and enjoy your day! Nordstrom and Nieumn Marcus both have great restaurants!
A lot of lovely brands! Beautiful at every corner.
Visiting Florida for the first time, husband and i chose this mall to walk through because it was near our hotel. This is a nice place to take a stroll but not too much for shopping. I was expecting more out of this mall because of the pictures on Yelp.If Nordstrom or Neimen Marcus was not there then this place would be really dead...
Great shopping center, Equinox fitness club and restaurants. Only problem - there is no free parking. They may validate parking, if you buy something from Nordstrom.
One of the anchor stores is Neiman Marcus. That let's you know that most of these stores are out of my price range. But its the kinda of mall you visit anyway, cause' it's pretty. It also has some good restaurants, easy parking and some normalish stores too. It's very postcard Miami. It's what you'd expect to see in a movie, like where people in Miami are supposed to be shopping. Until it rains.
Merrick Park is my go-to mall when I just feel like engaging in a little retail therapy.  Like the browsing kind, that usually ends with the most coveted purchases.   Anchored by Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus, it features a collection of upscale stores.  You know, the ones that will leave that rent-sized dent in your wallet if you let them.  Although, on a recent visit, I noticed Victoria's Secret and Banana Republic, alongside the La Perla and Carolina Herrarra, naturally.  And of course, let's not forget the addition of Borders for all us bookstore-fiends out there. I love coming to Merrick on weekdays, or at random times, and finding the place almost desolate.  But when I found myself there on a recent Saturday afternoon, I was shocked at just how packed the place can get. Merrick's definitely a place to enjoy some people watching and the wonderful South Florida weather, as it's an outdoor mall.  There's also quite a selection of restaurants where you can satiate your post-shopping hunger pangs, or just grab a drink to relax after an exhaustive "therapy" session. Word to the wise - Nordstrom is the only place that'll validate your parking.
Great outdoors Mall in the gables area..it has great  stores like Tiffany, Bebe, Williams-sonoma, Pottery Barn , Norstrom..and great Restaurants like Crave and the Yardhouse. Dogs are welcomed so don't be shy and bring the pooch.
This is where I come when I'm feeling bored and hopeful that the mall gods will deliver a great deal. I used to go to shopping centers predominated by designer boutiques because I thought it would depress me that I couldn't afford anything.  But, I was wrong.  Sometimes you can practically steal a designer find for up to 75% off.   My typical day: Start at the Borders and pick up something with an interesting cover Take a peek inside Bebe to see if there is a new top I can add to my "going out" collection Cruise the wide selection of shoes at Nordstrom, go up to the third floor to validate parking (no purchase necessary). Pit stop to Coach and refrain from purchasing another handbag Quick step into Diane Von Furstenburg to pine over the newest colors Snack break at The Grape for some tasty apps with glass (or 2 or 3) of wine Jump into Betsey Johnson to scope the sales rack End at Neiman's to plow through its sales rack. While I walk to the garage, I look around and think about how there are so many other shops, spas and restaurants to explore
They allow dogs! That's cool. Plus I have NEVER seen dog....em...waste?... in the mall at all, so someone must be doing a good job of keeping it tidy. Nordstrom is cool, validate parking! Yardhouse, although sometimes hit or miss, has an AMAZING selection of beers. Cinco is good for some mexican and I hear the sushi place is good too. It's right across the street from my old high school, so the nostalgia factor is always nice, plus I usually run into at least one friend from school, which is cool as well.
One of my favorite places to shop.
A great collection of upscale stores in Coral Gables. While some might think of this outdoor mall as Bal Harbour South it is actually a different animal. Merrick Park has a residential side, yes some people really do call the mall home. Merrick Park has an Equinox gym and a Borders bookstore so there is something for everyone. And the gym boasts healthy snacking options. This is a great, alternative option for happy hour gatherings with large groups. The Nordstrom bistro is perfect for lunch with friends who work in the area. There is limited street parking but if you're on a schedule then head to the garage.
Let's just put it this way - I found a "reason" to come here on at least 3 of my 7 days spent in the Gables! Jersey Girls love malls...but outdoor, beautifully landscaped and designed shopping centers with palm trees?  To put this place in the same category as a mall just doesn't even seem right.  Guess that's why it's called a "Village." As others have noted, the stores are decidedly high-end, and my husband commented that there wasn't much for him here (in other words, no Apple store or Best Buy).  A Louis Vuitton boutique inside Neiman Marcus, anyone?  Tiffany?  Jimmy Choo?  It's really a place for fashionistas with mega bucks. However, you can find some affordable stuff on sale at Banana Republic or White House Black Market.  And check out Anthropologie's sale stuff, especially the candles and jewelry. We parked in the garage, easy peasy.  But if you're driving a Bentley, the valet will take care of you.   Aside from the lovely fountains and the palm trees, my next favorite thing about the Village is the restaurants, especially Yard House and Sawa.  Outdoor seating, great service, yummy food.  Enough said.
I like Merrick Park because it's just oh-so-purdy! And it lights up beautifully at night. I even had my wedding rehearsal dinner a couple of years back at Villagio and reserved my tables outside - the view was gorgeous!  But the main reason I come here is because they have the better of the Nordstroms (socio-economics, go figure) in South Florida. What I dislike - the parking fee (can be waived if you purchase something at Nordstrom ONLY) and the overall douchiness of the patrons.   Other than that, it's alright.
Wow... This is a beautiful shopping mall- there are fountains, palm trees, everything is impeccably clean and they have a nice mix of chain stores with designer (Bebe and Burberry). I enjoy going here and walking around... it feels like you're on vacation. They have Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom too... I prefer the customer service at the make up counter at Nordstrom... they aren't as snotty, they are younger and more importantly, they take all credit cards unlike Neiman Marcus, who only takes amex! My gym, equinox is in this shopping center. The only issue I have with it is that you must pay for parking each time you go. It's only $1 at the gym when you get validated but if you go everyday (I wish I did), that can add up!
I recently went shopping here for the first time in a while. Personally I find this mall to be high upscale. There are some great stores like Betsy Johnson, William Sanoma, and Anthropology. I think this would be a great mall if someone else was paying, or if you are looking to spend a little money on something special. The facility itself is beautiful and clean. Paying to park in the garage is quite cheap too. For me the best thing at Marrick Park is Yard House!
Pretty mall in the heart of Coral Gables.  It has many great qualities but there's too many flaws to it too.  It's a perfect day for sunny days (unless it's July) but when it rains, it pours and then you're fucked because the mall is poorly covered.  The people who designed it must have forgot that it rains a ton in Miami. The Equinox there is an excellent gym and the Borders is a great addition.  The Nordstorm's there is pretty good but can be a disaster at times too. It's also tough to find parking and it takes a good 10 mins to get in and out of that mall so have plenty of time when you go to have a good shopping experience.
The Village of Merrick Park is definitely one of my favorite malls in South Florida. It's a nice place to shop, walk around and grab a bite to eat. Since it's mainly high end stores, I usually do most of my shopping at Nordstrom and my shopping splurge favorite - Anthropologie. They also have a Francesca's Collection there which has really good finds for decent prices! From time to time I'll end up at Tiffany & Co., Longchamp, or Gucci, but usually for very specific purchases and/or special occasions! After a late afternoon of shopping I tend to go to Yard House or Cinco Cantina for dinner and drinks. If it's still fairly early by the time I finish I might grab lunch and Nordstrom's Bistro - I love their Lobster Bisque soup! I always park at the garage - less of a hassle to not have to worry about my meter running out (and Coral Gables is a big fan of giving tickets for that). If you make a purchase at Nordstrom they will validate your parking or if you have a Nordstrom card they'll validate your parking without even having to make a purchase! Since it's outdoors I recommend going on a nice afternoon. Rainy days are not meant for Merrick Park especially since the second floor tends to get pretty slippery.
The Village of Merrick Park is easily the prettiest mall in South Florida. Parking is never an issue. There is metered street parking, garage parking and valet parking. So even on the busiest of shopping days it's never a big issue. There's something for everyone at this mall. There's a Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus, mall staples like Victoria's Secret and Banana Republic, and upscale stores like Tiffany's and Gucci. Restaurant options here are also great. There's a Yardhouse, which has a fantastic happy hour, and Nordstrom Cafe for a casual lunch.
This mall is the cream of the crop for this area! Such great stores, restaurants, and even a top-of-the-line gym. My favorite thing about this mall is the openness. There is even a little area on the first floor where kids can run around and play. I love how this mall caters to everyone. The young, the old, the single people, families. You can get a little bit of everything at this mall. Having some of my favorite stores is just the icing on the cake
Do you want to get your expensive shopping of the season finished all the while enjoying a bright, sunny Miami day and possibly a delish snack along the way? Well then, my friend, you have come to the right place! With top department stores like Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus, other semi-expensive and designer stores like Anthropologie, Coach, and Juicy Couture, and everyone's favorite--Victoria's Secret, you can easily spend a couple hours at this beautifully crafted shopping metro. With the dining, you have a variety of choices when your tummy begins to grumble between the immensely overpriced fro yo (Yes, more overpriced than usual), a cute little bakery upstairs, or for a bigger meal try the delicious Sawa, Yardhouse, Crave, or Villagio. Or you can always see what they're cooking up at William Sonoma. Anyway, this is a great mall for meandering and window shopping and sometimes doing some actual shopping. It has beautiful sights and beautiful people.
I absolutely love this shopping mall! There are 2 grassy areas for your doggie, plus some of the stores have doggie water bowls.  There are many high end stores (Adolfo Dominguez,  Burberry, CH Carolina Herrera, Cole Haan, Diane von Furstenberg, Donald J Pliner, Gucci, Jimmy Choo, La Perla, Tiffany & Co., and Tommy Bahama) in this mall as well as more well known stores like A Pea In The Pod, Ann Taylor, Anthropologie, Babycottons, Banana Republic, bebe, BORDERS, Victoria's Secret, and Williams-Sonoma.    One of my favorite stores is a baby store called Liapela. It has really cute modern baby furniture and accessories. Parking: you must pay.
I went yesterday, saw they are doing an outdoor music series. Who says we don't have culture in Miami? If you know what you need to get at the mall, parking is free in the garage if you are in and out in 20 minutes. There is a car wash in the garage. And yes, it's hot in the summertime.
This is one of my favorite places to window shop (because I can't yet afford most of the stuff on Level 1). I spent my first Fashion's Night Out (FNO) here not long ago and loved the ambiance of having DJ's and lounges in an outdoor (and very well manicured) garden setting. This place is always meticulously cared for and you can't beat the way there's always garage or valet parking available (particularly useful during Miami thunder storms or crazy holiday shopping). I just love it her - and they have a Tiffany's! "Nothing bad could ever happen at Tiffany's." P.S. I definitely prefer this place to Bal Harbour.
LOVE this place. Usually not crowded, good restaurants and even better stores. FYI, this is a high-end open-air mall. Burberry, Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Tiffany, La Perla and Adolfo Dominguez are some of the namebrand stores you will find here. Parking is just about the only thing that is bad about this place but that's because people insist on trying to find a space as close to one of the entrances from the garage. They even have a water feature off to one of the sides, in the middle of the whole thing - some benches allow people to sit, watch and listen to the water.
We went there after hours to enjoy a quiet walk at night. A park with palm trees, sculptures, fountain, bridge mixed with walking escalator and trendy shops. A nice place for after dinner walk.
Outdoor/Indoor mall. High end stores such as Burberry, etc... I usually come here to go to Nordstrom or to have lunch at the Yardhouse or Sawa. Lots of restaurants to choose from and some nice, quiet happy hour or dinner spots. I'm definitely a fan of the Merrick Park Village.
Outdoor/Indoor mall. High end stores such as Burberry, etc... I usually come here to go to Nordstrom or to have lunch at the Yardhouse or Sawa. Lots of restaurants to choose from and some nice, quiet happy hour or dinner spots. I'm definitely a fan of the Merrick Park Village.
After recovering from an eventful day morning out at sea, I needed something gentle to do.  My friend thought of this outdoor mall.  It is a beautiful, fancy outdoor mall.  There are 3 floors, well, really 2.5.  There are elevators, escalators, but no ceiling; It's all open to the outdoors.   There's a grassy central courtyard with fountains and sculptures.  One of the fountains is totally one of those where the water shoots from individual openings in the ground in a circular pattern that'd be great for playing in during hot weather, but you're not supposed to do that.     The stores are a mix of high end mixed with regular mall staples.  The mall is anchored by Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus.  I saw a sign for Neiman Marcus Last Call on the second floor, but since they were closing I didn't get a chance to peek at the goods.  The designers around the mall include Burberry, Armani, DVF, Michael Kors, Coach, but also more affordable stuff like Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, J Crew, and Francesca's Collections.   What if you're hungry?  There's no actual food court, but there are a few restaurants.  My stomach was still queasy so I went elsewhere for something soupy.   There is garage parking attached and street parking within walking distance.  I saw a lot of bike racks, too.  I think the garage parking is validated only by Nordstrom with purchase.
One of the best malls in Miami and not that crowded, very nice stores and Restaurants.
The Mall is absolutely beautiful!  My friend used to work in Nordstrom so i would go alot to visit and i couldnt get enough.  A great mix of stores- from Tory Burch to Jimmy Choo to bebe to Victorias Secret!  Its a mix of pretentious fashion and mall fashion- a little bit for everyone!  Dont go on a rainy day as it is an outdoor mall.  Make sure to get your parking validated! Funny story- my boyfriend and i went here to visit my friend and on the way home we heard this awful crying coming form his car!  It sounded like a dying bird.  I was freaking out and thought some animal was gunna fall in my lap.  We pulled over and checked all in and around the car and found nothing!  My boyfriend finally popped the hood of his car and what do we find but the tinniest little kitten!  Up until that point of my life i hated cats and was extremely allergic!  I am still extremely allergic but i love "Kit kat"- thats her name- and it was so cool to rescue her!  Shes too cute. Maybe the next time you go you too can come home with a free pet!
A beautifully laid out open-air mall. It was empty when i was there on a weekday (lunch time); lots of great stores, including my fave Anthropologie! A Yard House will be opening in the next few months!
Nice mall to walk and stroll around, specially when days are sunny!!  I love their chairs in the middle of the park, some time to relax and listen to the water from the "fountain" that's nearby. High end stores are mainly on the first and some on the second floor.  Stores like Loro Piana, Burberry, Carolina Herrera, Etro, Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Jimmy Choo, Banana Republic, Ann Taylor, Silvia Tcherassi, Borders, etc.. are here.  There are only several places that will punch your parking ticket: Bistro @ Nordstrom, Borders (when you purchase something) & Nordstrom. I would probably spend the day walking around but not buying much here...
This is a very beautiful place. The grounds are perfectly manicured and there's art viewable outside and inside (the Neiman Marcus has a gallery). But yes, it's very high end. And don't expect to find any end of season deals. This is Miami after all. All the collections are current season and that's that. Parking was a cinch in the garage. One detractor is that I couldn't shake this otherworldly feel that the mall emanated. Everything was just a bit too perfect. Not in a good way. More in a "you've crossed over into another parallel" type of way. There's just something a bit off.  Like, perhaps all the store clerks are alien robots or something. But that's just a theory and probably not the case.
It takes a village to raise a child, but if you use this village to raise your child, you'll feel the pain in your wallet. This is hands down one of the most expensive shopping malls I know of in South Florida. There are no cheap stores or discount outlet kiosks. Everything here SHOULD be top notch and at it's prime. That said, you may argue some things are over priced. Sometimes you just need to pay for quality rather quantity. Parking is paid in one of a few garages available. Rates are rather reasonable considering you will be paying the premiums in the stores. Bottom Line: Check the individual reviews of restaruants and store locations in the mall.
One of my places for a great long lunch and afternoon in miami.  Beauty at every corner
Gorgeous shopping center. Great selection of high-end/designer stores. Upscale clientele. Beautifully landscaped, and best of all, there's less kids than a typical mall! If you've got money to spend, and keep the economy going, or if you're broke and want to enjoy fabulous window-shopping with gorgeous surroundings, then this is the place for you! ;-)
Spanky new and upscale enclosed outdoor shopping mall that rivals the famed Bal Harbour Shops. People come here to do their expensive shopping and to dine in its numerous restaurants and cafes. Photogenic place, visit it at least once even though there may not be much to do. Just stop by to eat at least to take in the beauty! I'm sure it will become lively as soon as the condos and lofts are filled up in this area. Parking: $5; Metrorail station nearby with Coral Gables trolley that is able to drop you off here and take you back.
Definitely for the foo foo at heart!  The shops are the cream of the crop.  Needless Markup .. I mean Neiman Marcus, Burberry, Harmont & Blaine, Betsey Johnson, delicious Jimmy Choo, and ::GASP:: my fav  TIFFANY'S. So many more as well, I am not listing them all..  but you catch my drift.   We have found some GREAT deals when we have looked but you have to be in the mindset that you might spend a bit. Now, this is the place to shop, or window shop and salivate and have a good lunch.  Check out the reviews for the Nordstrom's Bistro.
This appears more to be the place to be seen than shop.  I had money to spend, but found the stores to have limited selections (more boutiquey) and not neccesarily the more exclusive merchandise I sought.  I expected these stores to be smaller but offer selective much sought after items...not so.   And parking...horrific!
I went to the Village of Merrick Park to try out their gym, Equinox, and I must admit that this mall has to be one of the best outdoor shopping plazas in Miami. Very good scenery and a lot of open space. However, if you are on a budget, I must warn you because everything is high-end because it caters to the high-end Coral Gables residents. You need to have a lot of money if you want to go to a shopping spree here. That is why I am giving them a three, and also because the fact that there is no free parking. Tip: Go to Yardhouse if you are hungry. They have an awesome selection of food and beer. They have Gardein wings-- for those vegetarians! :)
LOVE THIS PLACE! they have everything, seriously, EVERYTHING! super clean and nice and cute shopping center! It's definitely a must visit place when you visit Miami, especially if you're looking for a fancy feeling type of shopping. Restaurants are around the area, people walk and hang out around the park. A beautiful place and the grounds are perfectly clean with interesting art all around. They carry most of the high-in stores that carries all those high-in brands. Only downside, hard to find a parking spot but there's always some places and stores that offers complimentary valet parking.
This mall is beautiful... It is mainly an outdoor mall. With more of the high end stores, high end restaurants and living... If your visiting Miami and you like shopping, pampering yourself... I'd stop here for a few...
It is a nice mall, but a bit upscale for me.  It does have a little of everything.  Even if you aren't buying anything, it's nice to window shop and people watch.   Parking garage is decent, plenty of parking and hardly packed. The Borders store finally closed so dont look for it.
Beautiful place with luxury shopping. Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Diane Von Furstenberg, Burberry, etc. etc. They also have a ton of restaurants in the area you can walk to, which are pretty highly rated. If I can afford it, I love to shop here. Its a pretty great place for Fashion Night Out. The parking is one garage for everyone so it gets pretty packed and competitive.
One of the nicest most comfortable and relaxing places to shop in Miami. Usually never very crowded, this is an oasis in the city. Nice mix of stores, although nothing as good as Aventura Mall...arguably the best mall in Miami.
This is my favorite shopping area in Miami. Its one of the few places that you won't find Miami Trash (you know the ones I'm talking about). Really like that they opened a Banana Republic here. This is a great place to take a stroll and have lunch. Mariposa at NM is not to be missed. You can always find parking here.
I love the Village at Merrick Park. This outdoor shopping mall has a little bit of everything, and lots of eye candy as well. Depending on what you are looking for you have large department stores such as Neiman Marcus and Nordstroms. Both are very good, and the service is great. Neiman Marcus has a wonderful shoe collection ranging from Christian Louboutin, Prada, Chanel, Manolo, Christian Dior, Renee Caovilla, Yves Saint Laurent and much more. They have a contemporary womens section which I personally love with names like Marc by Marc Jacobs, Alice and Olivia, Roberto Rodriguez, Philip Lim, D & G, Diane Von Furstenberg and much more of course :). In the designer section you will find all of the fabulous couture names that come with those couture prices tags. It is always a treat to browse through, they always have new and current styles out on the floor. Other than Neiman Marcus, you have in the outdoor section of the mall stores like Gucci, Burberry, CH Carolina Herrera, Jimmy Choo, United Colors of Benneton, Banana Republic, Victorias Secret, Ann Taylor, Bebe and others. Not to forget you have Nordstroms which has a pretty good contemporary section as well and a fabulous shoe selection with designers like Michael by Michael Kors, Bebe, Stuart Weitzman, Cole Han, Converse, BcBG and many others. After a long day of shopping you can walk over to the outdoor patio style dining area and choose from a wonderful selection of sit down restaurants that all have wonderful menus and cocktails!
Merrick Park is without a doubt one of the most beautiful malls I've ever been to. I wish they still had Borders there but it doesn't change how nice everything is. It's about three stories and it's mostly outdoors. Every time I go there for mothers day there are kids playing in the grass and the architecture of everything is just phenomenal. Parking has never been an issue and it's a great place for a good date night with the food options. My one and only complaint is that it's no ordinary place to shop unless you have a fat bank account. I never walk into this mall expecting to shop because everything is ridiculously expensive. I'm a college student, not a millionaire.
I rarely buy anything in these expensive, high end stores but that doesn't stop me from coming here often. The scenery, people, ambiance...all great. One of my favorite places in Miami. PS. Yardhouse's always packed with locals. The good kind you want to meet often.
Great little shopping center (love the people at Neimen Marcus and Juicy Couture) the Nordstroms is underwhelming as it is small and seems to cater to the over 55 crowd (and limited stock)
High end shopping mall in an artsy outdoors setting that was a pleasure to stroll through.  The whole compound is very clean and the art/statues exude a feeling more of a museum instead of a mall.  The stores are generally of the elite variety with sparse sales.  Most of them carry a low inventory besides Neiman and Nordstroms.  Merrick Park really feels like a very high class park with shopping playing second fiddle because I enjoyed my walk through more than any of the stores I visited throughout the day.
When pretending I hang with Miami's glitterati, I score my over-priced threads at Merrick Park. Then I'll go for a calorie conscious skinny 'rita at Yard House and I'll feed little Chirrito bits of foie gras. I'll validate my parking ticket after gobs of finds at Nordstrom and I may even grab a candle at Anthropologie. Love afternoons spent in this upscale consumer playground.
Just drive up one more level and its so much easier to find a spot. I come here for two reasons, yardhouse and william and sonoma. Beautiful layout, the whole shopping center is gorgeous. Because it is outside it is just a little uncomfortable to shop in the middle of summer. Lots of nice and upscale stores. This is not the place to come if you are shopping on a budget.
This is going to be one of your favorite places in Miami. Village of Merrick Park is a place that you're going to keep coming. Honestly, you should just come for just coming here. Almost every Miamian knows about this place. Talking about it doesn't do it justice, you have to live though your own experience. Go have a fun time checking out the places here, you'll be in love before you know it!!!
The secret for the parking, at least Mon-Fri, is to leave your car parked on Ponce de Leon, the residential part where there are no meters and take the Coral Gables Trolley, which is FREE TOO!!!!! I can tell, I live right there. The North/South Ponce de Leon Boulevard Route runs along Ponce de Leon Boulevard from the Douglas Metrorail Station to Southwest Eighth Street. This service runs every 10 to 15 minutes from Monday-Thursday: 6:30 a.m. - 8 p.m., Friday: 6:30 a.m. - 10 p.m. On the weekends you can still park in the residential areas, it's a short walk to the mall.
It's a Gables thing and I love it!  I use to work in the building across the street and my mental escape from the horrific confines of my cubicle walls were to this oasis called The Village of Merrick Park.  My favorite picks include Carolina Herrera, Robert Cavalli, Betsey Johnson and Jimmy Choo.  I sometimes teach class at Equinox Fitness club on the second floor and that place is wonderful.  All in all, the sound of waterfalls, a couple of art pieces and a great bar (Yardhouse), makes for an overall pleasant Coral Gables experience at The Village of Merrick Park.
I love shopping here, it's so nice and actually peacful for being a mall. Customer service is spectacular! I love coming here for a bite to eat as well.
Beautiful place to shop or just sit and watch the jazz band play while families enjoy their children play. Relax and soak in the atmosphere.
I love the atmosphere of Merrick Park. There's just something about the outdoor atmosphere that makes it so much more enjoyable then any other mall. They have some high end stores here that you won't find in any other mall plus they have a good selection of restaurants like Yardhouse and Villagio instead of cheap food court grub. It's certainly not the cheapest mall out there but it is definitely one of the nicest. If you're looking for really good quality, high end stuff then it's definitely the mall you want to go to.
This is a great place to play Rich-by-Association.  Travertine marble steps, trickling fountains, live reggae, shady courtyards with hidden nooks and crannies, and babies in Burberry.  The very air is scented with either Gucci cologne or garlic and olive oil.  Ah, but the secret fun is to wear my overiszed SoBe sunglasses ($10 no-brand, but pretending it's $350 Prada for the moment) and people-watching, while making up some crazy story in case they approach and ask what I do ("computer business..." hopefully the mystique and the young-Asian-ness will hint at me being some dot-com prodigy, like the creaters of Yelp...).  I even thought about asking for an empty Gucci paper bag to hold my water bottle to complete the illusion, but that might be too much.  Overall, about as much fun as one can have paying $3 parking and nothing else.
This shopping area is probably the nicest shopping centers I've seen in a long time.  Lined with high end stores, this place is set in a park like setting with a huge lawn area with fountains, trees, and benches in the middle of it all.  You can definitely enjoy the nice weather as you shop on the multiple levels.  They have a few nice restaurants too but not too many stores offer sales.
Classy and upscale shops. This is definitely a well needed mall in this community. It caters to the professional and wealthy communities around it. The shops are top notch and the restaurants are the best in the area. Definitely worth a visit, enjoy outdoor dining by or drink a bottle of wine in a breezy Miami afternoon, or enjoy lunch at the Nordstroms restaurant. A visit to Merrick Park will energize you and lift your spirits. Come see for yourself.
income restrictive selection of stores...great for window shopping, but not much else unless you're willing to spend. parking is free if you're there for less than 20 minutes, or the length of time it takes to realize you can't afford to buy anything there. quick tip: if you don't make the 20 minute cut off, and can't bear to spend the $2 for a waste of time (you're in the wrong mall), grab a coffee at the nordstrom coffee shop and use the receipt inside nordstrom to validate.
Beautiful high end mall - wether just to shop or to sit around and people watch. Great selection of restaurants with great service and a nice parking garage to keep your car cool in this Miami heat.
We absolutely love this mall; it's not crowded by the masses, has most every store you'd need, and some great places to take a break from busting the wallet and sit back with a cocktail!
Normally I don't care much about shopping malls but this place has an incredible layout and is, for lack of a better word, beautiful.  The shops are top notch and high end.
I am very unhappy with, and offended by, the service that I received this afternoon at the Teavana at Village of Merrick Park in Miami, FL. After this service, I am reconsidering shopping at Teavana ever again. I was shopping at the store with my boyfriend around 3:30PM today. After selecting tea to purchase, I recommended to my boyfriend that we buy less ounces of tea. The sales associate interjected and dismissed me by saying to my boyfriend, "excuse me, but aren't YOU buying this tea?" My boyfriend was flabbergasted by this associate's incredibly impolite attitude. He wanted to leave the store at that moment without making the purchase. However, I finished the transaction, told the sales associate that she was out of line, and left the store. Four employees witnessed it and did not do anything. The customer service of this store was unacceptable, and I sincerely hope that it is dealt with.
Best upscale shopping and experience destination in Miami!  Coral Gables at its finest!
This mall is beautiful the problem is all the shops keep going out and the place is kind of empty. The good thing there are two major department stores Nordstrom, and Neiman Marcus. Some high end stores like Tiffany's mixed in with some more affordable stores like banana republic and Bebe. They charge by the hour to park, but if you shop at Nordstrom they will validate your parking for you. The mall has a few good places to eat so I think that is pretty much the only thing that  keeps traffic of people walking by. Besides that the mall allows dogs, and it great on a nice day.
This is a Beautiful Mall.  It specializes in top name brands such as Gucci, Burberry, Hugo Boss, Tiffany and Co. and many more.  This mall has good restaurants as well.  Two restaurants that I recommend are the Yard House and Villagio.
I love this mall.  It doesn't get the crazy traffic that Dadeland gets and you get just the stores you want without having to travel to the beach or all the way to Aventura.  The BEST part is that Athleta is opening!!!  I can't wait to finally visit one and be a regular customer there.  Thank you for bringing it here!
This is a my new favorite mall!  We don't have to drive all the way to Aventura to have a high end experience.  Great stores, wonderful service in all and close to home.  Gotta love it!
This mall is if not the prettiest then one of the prettiest malls in all of Miami. This mall is relatively new and has so many beautiful stores. The scenery and the gardens in this mall make the visit an experience. The restaurants are great and the ambiance is awesome. It is a very relaxing mall where one can have a great day in just walking around, shopping, and/or dinning. It is a true Coral Gables style mall and should not be overlooked and should be experienced.
I go often for the sheer pleasure of strolling through this mall without the major hustle and bustle of the rest of Miami's malls. Even if you cannot afford the high end prices of this mall, it's great to walk and window shop. They have accessible stores too like Banana Republic, Ann Taylor, Voctoria's Secret, Borders. Let's not forget that you can dine at the Yard House or at the Nordstrom Bistro. Shopping here IS a pleasure. On Sundays you can usually catch a band playing...usually a fusion of jazz with latin or Brazilian vibe! Parking garage is great being that it's fairly inexpensive and this is a lot for the Gables!!!! Go and enjoy a Saturday or Sunday stroll with family or friends or both or none!!
Great place to walk around and shop
If the scenery of this mall wasn't so gorgeous, I would have only given a 3 star rating.  If you are a frugal person or if you are a college student, just come to Village of Merrick Park for the beautiful scenery.  Most people cannot afford to purchase clothes or purses from these high end stores.  I thought many of the sales associates and shoppers were quite pretentious.  For instance, my friend was nice enough to hold the door for this female shopper.  She did not even bother to thank my friend.  Would I come here again?  Yes, I would but Village of Merrick Park does not give me that cozy feeling like Dadeland Mall and Sunset Place.   Even though I am done with college and I have a decent job,  I am still not in this mall's league. lol!
One day I will be able to walk here and not just window shop. I love the ambiance of this place! Not only do they have wonderful restaurants (Yardhouse, Villagio, CRAVE) to name a few but the stores here are just to die for! When you're looking for an expensive gift for someone this place is where you should shop. Even in Nordstrom the people are much nicer and even though you might not be a big spender, they will treat you as if you are. Very clean with a very classy flair, you will go head over heels for this place.
I love coming to this mall. Granted, I don't always end up buying something, but it's still a great place to take a stroll. The stores in this mall are very high end (betsey johnson, carolina herrera, tiffanys). Good thing? You can bring your dogs!
I don't know how it's taken me this long to get to Merrick Park since it's practically my mother ship.  More reasonable than Aventura and Bal Harbor, more beautiful than Dolphin Mall and Cocowalk (see, I know my malls).  Seriously glad i don't live closer to this place because it would be detrimental to my paycheck.  One of the best places to shop in the area hands down.
I've been to other outdoor high end stores and did not find this place to get AS great as everyone has been saying it to be. yes there are amazing stores here and a nice patch of grass and a huge fountain in the center and three levels of stores..but this wasn't the best. The PARKING! such a trickster....i thought there was only either garage or valet parking. and then being that i just wanted to window shop.. it took me 40 min to finish the entire place and I still needed to pay two dollars.. i know its not a lot but.. still.... i dont think that was the smartest thing to do.. perhaps charge by the hour... this is a beautiful place- dont get me wrong- but i've been to better.
Decent selection of middle to upper income corporate shopping havens and some small galleries and food joints. Beautiful landscaping, easy to maneuver around , and plentiful parking. Probably one of the better retail experiences in the Miami area.
I love the Village of Merrick Park.  I really think it's one of the most beautiful malls i've ever been too.  The stores are more reasonable than Bal Harbour shops, and there are lots of places to eat and drink.  I'm not sure why most people don't go there more often.  The only drawback is the traffic heading there.  If you've never been to this mall you should really go there in the evening so you can shop around and then hit one of the bars/restaurants there.
Burberry. Gucci. Neiman Marcus. Tiffany's. Diane Von Furstenberg.  I prefer Merrick Park over Bal Harbour because the sales folks I've encountered were actually nice and hardly snobbish unlike BH. The Nordstrom's at this location has very good sales, more so then the Nordstrom at Dadeland, fyi.  The place is laid out like a park so lotsa green space and open benches to just enjoy a beautiful day.  And if you're only here for a quick perusal, try the metered parking thats on Ponce De Leon, on Sundays the meters are free.
Oh how I love Merrick Park. Why you might ask... well simply the number one reason is that I can take my best friend with me ( they are dog friendly) what a beautiful thing! I just go here to walk around and show off my beautiful golden! :) All malls in Miami should be dog friendly. Everyone that I have encountered in this mall is nice and friendly. Just love the place. The fact that I can go to Borders with my dog is just awesome!! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
I visited  here every now and again simplyly because i wanted to get something to eat. They have a wide selection of places to eat and the prices are reasonable for instance, one restaurant that i stopped by is called Villagio and the prices are afforadable they have a wide selection ofof pasta, chicken ,fish and much more other stuff too. The staff is always friendly , helpful and polite. Although the stores are pricy, i still enjoyed  my experience here as usual. Moreover,I also visited    another one of the bars i forgot to look at the name and had a wiskey n coke drink wow .In addition, i wanted to go check out the book store they have upstairs at this malls simply because i like reading alot : ). I visited quite a few that day and did had an awesome time. This is an awesome place to take ur date.
I really like this mall as it gets less traffic than most Miami malls. This may be due to the fact that it is a bit pricey as most stores are boutique. I find it a bit frustrating to go to the malls when theres hundreds of people and it looks like theres a hurricane that just went by there. If you plan on going to Nordstrom you can get the parking validated.
Breathtakingly beautiful. This mall is located in one of the nicest neighborhoods in Miami and is probably the best (and only?) high-class mall you can find in Miami, with almost all designer brand stores. Even though I rarely make any purchases here, this is a mall where I don't even mind if I don't buy anything... Just walking around the mall and taking in the scenery make me fall in love with the place. So gorgeous. I love the atmosphere of this place and of Coral Gables in general.
This place is huge, yet still feels comfortable. It is beautiful - right now I'm enjoying the view of a massive, fake christmas tree surrounded by palm trees. I'm from Wisconsin... this is just weird to me. But, it is beautiful! Most of the stores are too pricey for me to shop at, but there are some normal ones with sales (Banana Republic, Anthropology). Though I love to look, I'm not really in the market for Jimmy Choos shoes or a Furla purse. There is a cafe on the second level called Ces Bon Cafe (or something similar) and it is great! Very affordable, cute, and you can get one of those legendary Cuban coffees! I've been loving hanging out in the Village.
I've never shopped here, I always come here to eat. The stores are on the pricier side though. Yard House is a great place to get a bite to eat and some drinks.
A must for high end shoppers
Merrick is one of my favorite malls. It's gorgeous and very well kept. There is an array of stores to choose from. Department stores include Nordstrom & Neiman's. If I'm not mistaken, Nordstrom is the only place where you can get your ticket validated. I love that there are other things to do here besides shopping. You can workout at Equinox, grab a bite to eat at The Yard House & relax at Elemis Day Spa (like if this mall isn't relaxing in itself!). I really enjoy coming here!
I am giving this shopping center a 4  for the beauty of outdoor shopping in a beautiful setting that makes it feel like your a celebrity. Now if your going to actually buy something there I would give it a one because it is very expensive.  But it's fun to walk around and window shop.
Great stores.... and a new baby store is coming on the 3rd florr next to  Nordstroms
relatively newer outdoor mall, several levels, nice ambiance.  if you're comparing the store directory with Bal Harbour, Bal Harbour still wins hands down for upscale.  however there are some stores here that are not at Bal Harbour, i.e. Coach, Burberry, Carolina Herrera, Faconnable, Furla, La Perla
Went to Merrick Village to renew our airport purchased Swatch watch batteries at the start of UM Freshman Week. A "Dr. Swatch" promotion provided FREE watch batteries and happy service ...  The clerks in the over-the-top shops were pleasant and several restaurants had happy-hour promotions. Find the parking garage, self-park @ $ 2.00 / hour and have a ball. Best of Miami.
