Probably the best 'everyday' shopping mall there is and with decent food offerings, too. The Nordstrom has a magnet which the SO automatically latches on to. 100 bucks gone. Each time. At least.   2 reasons for three stars: the parking situation is ridiculous and so is the traffic pattern around the mall. I've been in traffic looking for a parking space for longer time periods than it would take me to walk there. Avoid at all cost during Christmas holidays. That's when there are literally thousands of customers/visitors and you won't get any shopping done effectively and without frustration.
Plenty of parking (and FREE parking at that!). You can find all your main stream store/fashion brands here and a few of the more fancy stores. Convenient location just North of Miami and south of Fort Lauderdale.
Nearly every top brand store under one roof, lots of space with a separate food mall again with nearly every top brand in food chain restuarants. Has its own parking lot with plenty of spaces so rememeber where you parked cos its huge. Elevators and disabled access here Very elegant and top dollar shopping mall, very pleasurable if you got the cash
The best of the best   , everything you want out of a mall this place has... Good food venues ... Good Shopping and easy parking... Yes i will be here weekly my wife likes shopping.
I wasn't crazy about the parking, but this seemed like a nice mall.  It was well kept and had a nice mix of high end stores and regular stand-by's.
So many stores to choose from! The mall is always kept clean and parking is not that hard. Love itt
A wide variety of stores. Great selection of places to dine. Outstanding parking.This mall is huge! I was in awww! 3rd largest mall in U.S., no need to go anywhere else.
Love this mall classy and sassy. What ever your looking for you'll find it here. Shop,eat, and entertainment all in one place for the whole family. Love the valet parking service and their unique decorations throughout the mall. Definitely this is a five star mall! :)
Best Mall in South Florida, you have the great parking, a great movie theatre, excellent restaurants and a good choice in the food court. Macy's, Bloomingdales, Nordstroms, Sears and JCPenney. They have some nice art pieces scattered throughout. My favorite store - the Body Shop. Favorite restaurants are Bella Luna and Rosalia's. I love Aventura Mall. They have great restaurants, a movie theater, valet parking, a place to have your car washed and detailed, free wi-fi and over 280+ stores. Always a busy place but especially so when its raining and the beaches empty.
I love aventura mall! Whether I'm shopping for me or my daughter they have everything here! Clothing, restaurants, ,Obie's, valet,etc. I come every Sunday for the farmers market and they always have events going on for the kids! The prices are reasonable and they are constantly changing up the style of the "look" of the mall. The little playground in the middle is very cute and safe! The food court has a variety of places to choose from and the movie theatre is constantly playing movies! For Christmas they have this HUGE Christmas tree and the water fountain I always love to watch. I will come here for as long as I live!
Even though I moved away from Miami several years ago, I still like to wait and go shopping when I come home and visit this mall because it is so nice!! The mall has done a great job of staying up with the times and modernizing it's decor over the years and they are always opening up new stores, some that I have never even heard of before.  Many of the stores are high end but they still have more reasonably priced department stores.  Besides stores with every kind of merchandise they also have an equinox gym and a 24 screen AMC movie theatre.  There is also a large food court with at least 15 different stalls offering american, italian, greek, desserts and asian food.  There also lots of tables but it can get extremely crowded and noisy in this area.  They also have several sitdown restaurants such as sushi siam (my favorite), cheesecake factory, grand lux cafe and many more.  There are several large parking garages and lots around the property, but even these can get filled up as Aventura mall has become a huge tourist stop.  During the holidays they have beautiful decorations, a 3 story christmas tree, miniature train set and a life size train ride for children around the north pole.  Unforutnately this also draws a huge crowd and they lose a star alone for this reason as the mall can be unbearable to walk around year round and it can take a long time to get close to the mall and park.
Prepping for the Spring Essentials Fashion Show at the Macy's Fashion store in the Aventura mall. See you at 1pm
So happy we stopped here! I love really big malls with a ton of options! This reminds me of Franklin Mills Mall. It is huge! I will def make my way here again.
Good store. Horrible service. No one knows where anything is. I ask for sizes and help and no one helped me. The workers are all young and texting on their phones. I love the store but I have to say this particular one has bad service.
A recent Saturday afternoon visit to the mall originally to watch a matinee movie, but the mall was a buzz with sales and life with all these amusement things going on like, a miniature train set that's super huge and intricate.  A train for kids to ride on that was very large.  It was the first time i walked the whole mall with funds to spend.  I dropped off my truck to get a oil change at the Sears, and began my walk.  Teavana, a store dedicated to the tea culture, was a place I could spend hours enjoying aromas and tastes, the tea sets there are incredible and they're always giving away free samples of their more popular ones.  Some of stores of interest:  Cole Haan, Zara, Puma, Urban Outfitters, Mark Ecko Cut & Sew ,Crate & Barrel, Pottery Barn, Wiliams Sonoma, Apple, & The Art of Shaving a store dedicated to shaving, you can even get a clean shave to start your week smooth.   The small details make this mall so much more enjoyable too, the koi fish added to the center ponds are nice, and the sculptures are a nice touch.  There are even these l.e.d. billboards of people walking I was not sure what they were there for but the looked nice.   This is the best mall in the North Miami area to spend the day at.  It's counterpart to the south, Dadeland, is not at the same level of this retail beast.
It's a mall... it has stores, food and a movie theater.  I'm over it...
Best Mall in South Florida, you have the great parking, a great movie theatre, excellent restaurants and a good choice in the food court.   Macy's, Bloomies, Nordstroms, Sears and JCPenney.  They have some nice art pieces scattered throughout.  My favorite store - the Body Shop.  Favorite restaurants are Bella Luna and Rosalia's.  Always a busy place but especially so when its raining and the beaches empty.
Very large, fairly upscale mall located roughly halfway between Fort Lauderdale and Miami.  As a result, it attracts a lot of clientele from both Broward and Dade counties, and to a lesser extent Palm Beach county as well as tourists.  Highlights include two Macy's (one dedicated to men's clothing and home furniture, the other to women's and children's clothing), an Apple store (for the Mac people), a 24 screen AMC movie theater, Bloomingdale's, a Ferrari store, Nordstrom, Lacoste, Adidas Originals, New Balance, Louis Vuitton, Microsoft store (for the PC people), and a Sony store.  Pretty much every designer brand that can be found at the big department stores also has a dedicated shop located somewhere in the mall, including Calvin Klein, Guess, 7 For All Mankind, G Star Raw, Armani Exchange, and Hugo Boss. The dining options range from the typical food court stalwarts like Sbarro's, to more unique food court options like Tony Roma's express, Five Guys, and Häagen-Dazs.  There are also stand alone restaurants like The Cheesecake Factory, Sushi Siam, Bella Luna, Grand Luxe Cafe, and Rosalia's.  Specialty food shops include The Cheese Course, Caviar and More, CrepeMaker, and Godiva Chocolatier.  There are also a lot of jewelry stores such as Rolex, Cartier, Kay Jewelers, Breitling, and Tag Hauer.  Basically you can find anything here, probably in more than one place, so you can do a lot of comparison shopping.  Happy hunting...
Lots of movement - and the food court has food from around the world almost - very good
Nine West is, for me, one of those stores that I don't visit too often but often enough.  Went to this store yesterday just to see if there was anything new and to ck out their sales.  It so happened that they were having a wonderful sale of an extra 30% disc. on some of their sale sandals.  Katia was very nice and attentive but she was also new to the store.  That did not stop her from doing her best to help me and other customers.  I got what I wanted and went to pay.  Since Katia is new, she had to call someone else to do the money handling, which I don't understand, if you have someone new at the register with a customer, make sure of of you more experienced ones is there or, at least one of the managers.  Well, I ended up doing two separate purchases and Katia was trying her best, unfortunately, her managers were not as efficient as she was trying to be.  I made my first purchase and it was ok but, when it came time for my second purchase, Jason, the manager was walking around the store telling people to do this and that.  Katia nicely called out for him to help her with her transaction and I was patiently waiting, Jason looked at her, he had some shoes in his hands, went ahead and told someone else what they needed to do and the proceed to do SOMETHING ELSE!!! while I am still WAITING to pay...unbelievable!!! so, one of the other girls called out to him in a much higher tone and he looked at her like he wanted to kill her, so I told him that Katia had called him before but he had, apparantely (giving him the benefit of the doubt) not heard her at which he said "oh, I heard her"...WTF!!! AAAAHHHHGGGG!!! so I said to him "so you are making me wait on purpuse" and he just smiled.   This store is nice, they have good shoes and things, they have great sales BUT MAN!!! sometimes one stupid person can make you think twice about visiting the establishment again, especially when there are other locations and Macy's has the same products.
like any Westfields or other nice malls throughout the country they do have a few more of the british fashion like Reiss, Ted Baker and if you're not near Sobe, then you can come here for big fashion at Barney's Coop, 7, TR, AG, Solstice, Theory, and the like. i come here for the Bloomingdale's since the other one is at the Falls.
Great mall and close to everything. H&M, Express, Louis Vutton, Banana Republic, and all my favorites.
There is alot to love about the Aventura Mall: the 5th largest mall in the US by square feet. It is beautifully constructed, elegantly landscaped, and is a delight to visit. The people in this mall are beautiful, too. Yes, it is an expensive mall to shop. The mall offers a nice collection of contemporary public art. Pixel art by Julian Opie details the stylized, slinky, fluid movement of an LED woman. The contrast of real walkers in the mall against the LED walker is dramatic. A bilingual work by Lawrence Weiner presents the 4 stenciled words "ADMIRED" "DESIRED" "REQUIRED" "ACQUIRED" on skylight beams in the ceiling. Uh... it really doesn't move me. But many people rave about it. Jorge Pardo's hanging exhibit "Butterflies" are 96 star/butterfly lamps that are "alluring, practical, and question the viewer's definition and expectation of what is considered fine art". He he. Donald Baechler has a large, bronze "Walking Figure" that is interesting. Two black granite sleepy eyes/benches by Louise Bourgeois are very unique. A ten foot tall white faceless snowman by Gary Hume wasn't so stirring but a marvelous meeting spot. Jaume Plensas' sculpture is a hollow figure of a contemplative man, made entirely of stainless steel letters. I first saw work by Plensa in Madrid, Spain at the Parque del Retiro... once you see this work it becomes instantly recognizable. Outstanding piece! And finally, a piece by Tom Otterness called tree of knowledge... " In this sculpture, the serpent of knowledge entwines a bronze tree. The serpent eyes an owl judge while blind justice weighs two small human figures. A possum engrossed in a law book hangs upside-down, oblivious to the drama surrounding him. At the bottom of the tree, a crafty beaver-lawyer threatens to topple everything". Really, it's an outstanding piece. So much to see and do. Oh! And the shopping is fantastic, too!
I go here at least twice a week. Sometimes just to go grab lunch or dinner. I never get tired of this place. I love it here. Luckily for me I stay 15min away.
This place is filled with arrogant and stuck up people but I've come to believe that's a Miami thing. People in this city seem to think they are better than everyone else because they drive a nice car that is most likely leased. Came to this mall for one specific reason and that's the Nespresso Boutique store inside Sur La Table. Will never be back, prefer to buy my coffee online even if I have to pay more.
Horrible parking, especially during the holidays ....OK stores, lots of choices for eating. I feel like this mall tries too hard to be like Bal Harbor and fails on every level...
As Malls in Miami go Aventura is well laid out, airy bright and spacious with a great range of shops.  Be warned it is busy!!
This mall is one of the best, if not the best, malls that I have been too! This mall has all the stores that I shop in! Bloomingdales, Puma, Arden B., and tons more! They now just opened an Equinox gym--i'll be there! Oh, they are opening a Seven Jeans stores AND a True Religons store! This mall is better than Bal Harbour in my opinion!
One of my favorite malls in the planet! I love everything about Aventura, so it's not a surprise that I also love the mall. Parking can be a pain but I always manage to find a spot by Macy's. You can find anything you need there, great food, great clothes, great everything! The only thing I would change is the movie theaters. Sometimes it gets full of weirdos, specially Saturday nights.
I'm going to write about the food court at Aventura Mall.  (this does not include any of the other restaurants around the mall, such as Cheesecake Factory, the Thai restaurant, or any of the others! The food court is a very eclectic mix of .. everything.  You can go from Five Guys Burgers to Thai, Chinese, Argentinian, traditional American, to some great coffee/espresso/pastries to Italian, all in one quick circuit of the mall. I love doing things like pairing a Quilmes beer (from Parrilla Argentina) with some rolls from the Japanese place and finishing it off with a nice brioche and espresso.  Get creative!  How about some espaghetti with a burger and some mu shu chicken? The ONE place that I haven't eaten at in the food court is that salad place, where they let you make your salad.  That place looks good, with many different nice leafy offerings, choose your protein and then pack on some tasty extras.  They also have some great wraps and sandwiches there, also. In short, the food court is where it's at.  It is where you can get whatever your heart desires, pay a decent price (for Aventura Mall) and rub shoulders with bums, cops, youngsters, tourists and locals of all types.  And if you don't like your neighbors, it's as easy as picking up your tray and moving!  Now, how'd that work out in a conventional restaurant??!!
Aventura was a cool mall to kill some time and walk off some of the food we ate around Miami. It reminds me of the Millenia Mall in Orlando and International Mall in Tampa in several ways including how it caters to expensive tastes and the shoppers seem to be very trendy as well. You will find most of the same stores as well. Overall, a pretty cool mall (and close to Sunny Isles Beach) - but not a necessary stop during a trip down South. Unless you have that Cheesecake Factory itch...which I regularly have. Leaving the mall was a little bit of pain as Antonio E. points out.
This mall has damn near every store! Even a Lego store!
Great mall, but parking sucks! Has several levels and a nice size theatre. The restaurants are good as well and have a great selection of stores.
Favorite mall in the Miami area so far.  It's not as luxe as Bal Harbour but does has its share of designer stores (Michael Kors, Coach, Juicy Couture, Betsey Johnson).  The mall also has its share of chain and department stores for those of us that don't always want to drive to Lincoln Road and other stores due to traffic.  Wide and varied food court as well as other food stores throughout the mall.  Because of Aventura's size it's easy to get lost in the mall, but IMO it's fun to try to navigate your way from one end of the mall to the other.
This is the best mall in all of Miami. Amazing shops, theather, and food. I go here at least once to twice a week! They have a great selection of stores and tons of parking. This is a great place to come and window shop. They always have a special events. Everyday at 530 they have a guy playing the piano and elderly people dancing and singing around him lol. Beware of weekends and Xmas this place gets packed beyond belief!
Went here today for the first time and I loved it. Beautiful stores, impeccable place, and huge! Had all my favorite brands too. I was a happy girl, the only reason it's not at 5 stars is because it was PACKED! And the majority of the people were rude.
Good stores, some shady crowds, wannabe gang central. Great to walk around and catch a movie in between shopping. Im a guy so im not big on shopping but my girlfriend loves shopping here.
HUGE mall with many stores.
While Aventura Mall has great stores, a big movie theater and delicious restaurants, one of the reasons I scored 3 stars is because of crowdedness. Good luck finding a parking spot anywhere at the mall if you decide to go any time after noon. The parking lots and garages are constantly full, it could take you 30 minutes or more of driving around to find a spot. Then once you are in the mall, there are so many people shopping and walking around that it almost isn't worth it to shop as well. Don't get me wrong; I love the mall and I love shopping. But Aventura Mall is just too much for me to handle. I go shopping to buy things and window shop, not to fight crowds.
This is the first Mall I went to on in Miami. It is such a pretty mall.  Great shops and good restaurants.
I haven't been here in ten years and I was pleasantly surprised.  It is much nicer than I had remembered.  The restaurants are excellent for a mall and even include a few upscale ones.  The stores are very upscale.  Add in many kiosks and Aventura Mall is a great place to go shopping or just to kill time.
One of my favourite malls ever! You get everything here. I could spend days at this mall.
Nice mall a little on the expensive side to me but I love mac and saphora. Oh yea some of the people are a little stuck up but I guess because were in Aventura.
Talk about madness! LOL! Great mall and shops but I think the day I went everyone in south Florida went. It was packed. Nonetheless it has plenty of shops, nice indoor fountains and restaurants. While I was there we ate at the Cheesecake Factory (Sat night) and only had to wait 15 minutes. Next time I will go during the week.
This mall is really nice with the exception that too many young hipster think of the mall as their hangout place, it does however have a nice variety of stores.
This mall is huge! They have a wide variety of stores and the food court is filled with different types of food. Can't wait to go back!
Was surprised at all the "high end" stores in this mall...really good selection
Well I agree with most of the Yelpers on here who said this is the best mall in Florida. It is huge....has lots of stores.....and is very affordable...and being near South Beach is a definite plus. However with all that being said I couldn't give it five stars because it reminds me a lot of Yorktown mall (read my review) in Illinois only this mall is in a warmer climate....LOL. If you do want to get some serious shopping done after a great day at south beach.....then Aventura is your place. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Nice stores, luxury store, I like it a lot but it's always packed and parking is a pain on weekends.
I had a very good time there. This mall is very clean and it has a lot of upscale stores. I love the Bloomingdales store. Don't kid yourself...you can find a lot of stuff here.
We frequent Aventura Mall often, if not for shopping, for a movie, or just people watching.  My favorite mall in Miami area.
Aventura mall is awesome. If they had outlet prices it would be perfect but that would just put it in another ball park now wouldn't it? Plus we can't ask for it all but Aventura may have it all, almost. Short of having an H&M this mall has a lot of stores, a lot of varieties, a movie theater, Cheesecake Factory and it some how keeps expanding and adding more stores! That and they have free wifi through out the mall! I also love that they have Paul bakery. 3 of them! Others like Beard Papa, which I don't really care for. I wish they would have Pink Berry inside but they will have that one in Aventura not in the mall.
This mall is gorgeous! its so far from my house but i love coming here. There are lots of great stores to go too but this mall can be a bit overwhelming. Make sure you got some cash to blow and some time on your hands because this mall is HUGE!
This Mall is the one of the best in South Florida.  It could get a little difficult to find a parking space during peak times of the year, but it is well worth it.  They have a great selection of stores and restaurants to suit most people's budgets and needs.  The are activities always going on there.  Its nice to catch the make shift vendors market, where you could find a pot pourri of edible and non edible goodies to purchase.  The mall is decorated splendidly during the Christmas holidays.  I forgot to mention the High end Gym they have there that costs around $2K a year.  I consider this to be downtown Aventura in all sense of the words.  It is where people go, hangout, shop, eat and have fun.
This is by far one of the best malls I have been. Very clean, very easy to walk and great stores. Inside, you have the traditional food court, but much cleaner and spacious as others. On the outside you have more upscaled restaurants. Parking is easy and the crowd is great!
This mall occupied me on a rainy day in the Miami area.   It is a large mall with a cool design, lots of different off-shots with anchor stores at the ends.  The only thing I couldn't figure out was the mix of the stores.  It was a complete mix of upscale stores and moderate stores.   They have an M Missoni store, but no Burberry?   They have a Bloomingdales, but no Saks?   Couldn't quite figure it out.  I guess the best way to describe it would be a normal mall, with a few upscale stores.
Since i was in in the area, i wanted to visit Aventura mall. They offer a variety of different places to go for lunch. : ) Some of the food options are fast food for example, my favorite burgers, and  all types of spanish food i've tried the fried chicken that was totally delicious : ). Also, i had an extra large cheese burger and i left satisfied. Wow, i am definately looking forward to visiting again. The employees are kind, polite, friendly and i will definately visit again. Smooches : )
They have my favorites stores Bloomingdale's, and Louie V wish Neiman Marcus was there too.
Beautiful mall, mostly upscale and very pricey. Have many stores to choose from. You better have plenty of cash for this mall.
Great mall with all the popular stores and restaurants.
Best shopping mall in this area with a wide selection.  I loved their Bloomingdales and I especially enjoyed how there is also a movie theatre here. Parking is easy and convenient.  I'd definitely come back here to shop when I'm back in FL.
Best Mall on the east coast! Every store you can possibly think of. The stores carry way more selections than I'm used to. If you are in Miami....go there.
I really like Aventura mall compared to most malls around South Florida. It has a ton of stores you can't really find anywhere around the area. Besides the stores it features a movie theater, cheese cake factory, giant food court, and multiple floors. If you can't find what you're looking for here, you have some big troubles. This place can be horrible for finding parking and lets not even talk about holiday shopping. But overall, its an awesome mall and one of my favorites!
Great selection of stores including Lush :).  Only downfall is how busy it gets... Kind of annoying to walk around in
First time going to this mall and really loved it! Easily accessible from I95, very clean, lots of restaurant options, and they have a lot of unique "attractions" such as Diesel, Inglot Makeup, Zara, Ferrari, and most importantly, a two story Forever 21! It was interesting to see the variety of people in here; most spoke Spanish and it seems like half the ladies in here were waring black skirts. It's an hour roundtrip for me, but I will definitely be back!
I'm taking back my comment about the food court. After not having visited the mall in quite a while, I just recently dropped by because I heard a Five Guys burgers had opened up...The food court has definitely improved! I've actually been back a couple of times now just to hit up the food court.
Its an OK mall, better if it had a better group of people inside, lol.  The theatre area can get ghetto.  Easy close parking during most of the year, loop road makes it easy to find a good spot.  Avoid at all costs when Christmas time comes, even the 3 mile or so radius around it, traffic nightmare.
I am sure this mall is a wonderful mall but I just can't seem to go here for either a movie or any other errand without wanting to stab someone in the eye by the time i leave. It is ALWAYS crowded to the point where I have actually just given up trying to find parking and left. A lot of the stores are pretty overpriced and the service in most of them is unfortunate to say the least. I know i will keep trying because it is a large mall, but I most likely won't change my opinion of it any time soon.
Best shopping center out of the 3 malls I went to (The other two being Dolphin and Mall of the Americas). Had sooo many nice clothing stores, but way too over what my wallet could handle. :( But nice stores nonetheless including a Zara and this one store (I forgot the name), but it had very good men's apparel. :) I'll probably check it out again once I actually have some dough in my pocket haha
It's a very nice mall and has all the the basic stores. like all malls its full of people with no fashion sense what so all.  Dressed in expensive "brands" that make their figures look worse that they already are.  The emperors new clothes comes to mind.
Over the years, Aventura Mall has gotten better and better, adding new stores and making renovations.  Aventura has almost any store you are looking for and is a great place to walk around with friends, or eat a simple meal before the movies.  The movie theatre in the mall is awesome too.
Bloomies, The Grill on the Alley, Nordies, What's not to like?! Aventura Mall is worth the schlep!
I love love love this mall ! They have a movie theatre, 15 restaurants, and a candy store ! They have great department stores Bloomingdales, Macy's, Nordstrom, JcPenny, and Sears. Any chain store you can imagine is in the mall. and the best parts they have tons of covered parking incase it rains.
Good mall, huge and has lots of stores. Pricey, but thats b/c its Aventura, come on!
Still one of the best malls in south Florida.
This is one of the best malls anywhere for selection, with something for every price range. The food court sucks (to be fair I hate all food courts), and so does the movie theater, but parking is relatively easy for a mega-mall, and the inside is clean and modern, if unremarkable. Easy four stars for a mall.
I really like this mall.  I would rather drive to this mall than go to the Boca mall which is closer to me.  The Aventura mall has more stores that are interesting and better food.  The mall is kept real clean and I really like the selection of stores.  I even saw Boba where they sell bubble teas!  It's been so hard to find bubble teas since I've moved from NY.
Aventura is a humgous mall. It is almost to big for me. There are way to many options. However, that is one of those things that make it a nice mall. You can find all kinds of stores in this mall as well as good dining options. The stores range from inexpensive to very expensive. Shops from Europe and America etc. So no matter where you are from you will find something you like. They have a huge valet area
This is the third largest indoor mall in the United States, and I am thrilled that it is so close by!  I come here a few times a month to shop, and the quality and variety of stores is very impressive!  They are "anchored" by a beautiful large Bloomingdale's, as well as Nordstrom and Macy's.  The hundreds of shops in between offer an endless variety of options not available anywhere else.  You could spend the entire day here and still never go into every store.  There is also a giant movie theater and several excellent restaurants.  Great place to go on a rainy (or super hot) South Florida day!
Nice and clean mall! It's HUGE and has a every store you could ask for!
This mall reminds me of South Coast Plaze back home but better.. I am in love =)
I love this mall!!  It's huge shopping mall with all great restaurants and shops!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE! So many different stores all in one mall. It can be a drive for some people (including this girl!) but it is so worth it. You have everything from the low end price to the luxury brands. Good restaurants too.
Lots of shops!  We spent the afternoon indoors since the weather was rainy and we were able to walk around for a few hours.  They have Nordy's and Bloomy's and a great selection of other shops and eateries.
I am an avid shopper when it comes to Aventura Mall. It has nearly every brand that you would like to find and others that you wish you never saw, either way, you find whatever it is you are looking for and more. I am most excited for the Free People store that will be opening in the future!! I have one issue with this mall and I am sad to say that it is a very bad quality. Aventura Mall is notoriously annoying for the large amount of tourists but what annoys me more than the tourists, are the workers in every store. Almost every store in this mall will speak to you in Spanish first. I am olive skinned and dark featured so when I walk into a store, an employee will immediately assume that I am spanish and understand the language. I am not spanish and I hardly understand anything they are saying. My best friend is first generation American, Mexican and she will speak English back to them just out of irritation for their ignorance. I have actually been ignored for responding in English in The Walking Store there. The woman rolled her eyes at me and ignored me. I have not been back since. I love this mall and I go there often but they really need to fix this language barrier.
Perusing Aventura was a great addition my guy and I's stay-cation. I will admit though and this annoyed me, we got lost in the mall and couldn't find the right way out. I didn't realize that we actually entered the mall on the 2nd floor and not the 1st. We spent a good amount of time trying to actually leave. The mall is well kept and clean, and has many of the higher end vendors that most enjoy. There's something for everyone in every price range which makes this mall a winner for me.
There are two types of malls - one for shopping, and one for window shopping.  This one is the latter.  The marble floors, impeccable fountains and playful, sophisticated decor all catered to the "aaahhhh" factor akin to stepping into a Disneyland for adults.  Permeating the air is scents of expensive colognes, high-end coffee and cinnamony baked goods, and the place is big enough for a good stroll and people-watching.  Everything I browsed were gorgeous and heart-breakingly expensive, and I walked away spending only $4.15 on a venti soy latte.  Next time I will come with a rich girlfriend and live vicariously through her.
It's a fancy mall, I'm a fancy Jeiwish girl. It was love at first sight. I could stay here all day (as long as it isntt a Saturday night(.
This is the best mall in South Florida, and it's so classy!
Love this mall!  You can fin everything in this mall.  So many different stores.  It is kinda far which is why I barely go.  BUT, when I do it's always a great experience!  Also has many choices on restaurants.
This place has almost everything, from lower level JC Penny to mid level Macy's to the higher end goods of Louis Vuitton. I stopped by here for some last minute shopping before i left to hop on a plane at FLL. Nicer looking 2 level.
It is a huge mall. Not much else to say. They have a wide range of stores but annoyingly crowded on the weekend, people wandering around like there are no people behind him. You will not find anything original or unique because this is where everyone shops. Lacks character.
They have Bloomingdales, Macy*s, and Nordstorms. WOW.. three large department stores in one mall. Very convienent for everyone including travelers like myself. Definitely coming back.
My favorite mall. The best in south Florida. There's so many restaurants to pick from.  Not to mention a food court wit endless possibility. U can also catch a movie in their 24 screen movie theater. But if ur going just to go shopping then make sure u bring ur walking shoes. They wave all the stores possible under one roof. BTW valet is so worth it. For under $10 u can't go wrong.
I LOVE  Aventura mall!! Huge, lots of shops, good food court, good restaurants, good parking, pretty people I really gota give it to miami i'm happy with our malls!
One of my all time favorite malls
I am a fan of malls, especially this one.  It is great for shopping as it has five anchor stores-- Macy's, Bloomingdales, JCPenny, Sears, and Nordstroms.  Additionally, it has all the normal boutique stores that you expect-- Express, Ambercombie, etc.  The restaurants are ok to good and the movie theatre is very good with all the first run movies that is kept decently clean despite being sold out on the weekends.  Parking, though free, can be a bear, but if you are not into circling or parking very far away, there is valet.
Very nice place to be and visit. You can find most of the best knows stores there. Beautiful appearance, excellent movie theater and restaurants. Prices may be a little high, but still reasonable considering you're buying inside a mall.
Anything for any budget.... Sears, Nordstrom, Macy's and Louis Vuitton all under the same roof...  Something for all price points.. all fashions and all ages. Only had a few hours to shop and was impressed with the variety of stores. Most frustrating thing was difficult to find a rest room and trying to navigate all of the 'pop up' stores in the middle of the mall with employees trying to accost you into trying their products.
This mall was PACKED!  We went to see Dark Knight Rises in IMAX and had a hell of a time finding parking that wasn't valet.   Great mall otherwise. The IMAX was fantastic and it's really in a perfect location.  If you're looking to actually go shopping, make sure you have money it was expensive.  A lot of small eateries that looked great.  We went to an Italian place and got tiramisu and colatta.  Very good! Great place to stay cool and walk around without having to spend money.
i buy everything online. almost everything, so i rarely come to the mall, any mall but whenever i "need" to go to the mall i always end up in aventura, mainly because its really easy to get there from south beach via public transit. i just ride the S or 120 route and it gets me there in 50 minutes. other than that, this mall is huge and always packed. definitely a tourist destination. inside you will find a wide variety of stores i dont really care for because i hate going to the mall; so... aventura mall, you should take this 4 star review as a sweet-ass compliment.
Located North of Miami beach this mall is far smaller than the Dolphin but the Americans describe it as 'upscale'. There are huge dept stores like Macy's and Nordstoms as well as a bunch of smaller shops such as a good Urban Outfitters. You can catch the bus from Linoln Road all the way there for $2 so it's pretty easy to visit. Worth checking out from late December when their Christmas scenes are constructed.
Love it! Such a great mall. Good variety of shops. Lots of food choices. Clean, open & bright.
Definitely the best quality mall in south florida!
Gotta give Aventura Mall 5 stars because it has something for everybody and even though it gets crowded, the mall is spacious so you don't feel claustrophobic. The stores offer everything from the high end to the affordable plus it has a nice variety of dining choices.
This mall is good for the rare rainy days in South Florida. Aventura Mall is one of those locations that provides an upscale shopping experience. Much nicer than Dolphin Mall. I have no problem merely browsing, but if you don't have restraint...you will spend a lot of money here!
You can find everything at this mall ! I love coming Here
Best mall by far in South Fla., busy on weekends but, quite during the day.
Great Mall for the entire family. One of the nicest in South FL
i usually go to Aventura when it's too hot to head down to Lincoln. This mall is HUGE! It has a wide variety of different stores. It does tend to get crowded during the day. They implemented a curfew for those who were underage on the weekends, when the mall is usually at its busiest.
Excellent selection!!! Great stores and great restaurants no matter your taste, mood or style.  Parking can be a pain but that's expected.  It's gotten much better over the years and I've never heard of excellent parking at any mall.  If you don't want to park yourself I'm pretty sure there are more than one valet stands throughout the mall.
This mall is MASSIVE so be prepared. It's so much fun to spend the day at Aventura Mall window shopping and hanging out with friends. There's a really nice selection of stores and a good food court.
What an upscale mall.  It's bright, clean and new.  It has many of my favorite stores.  The food court has adequate choices, and there are sit down restaurants as well.  If you enjoy shopping, it's definitely worth a visit.
In order for me to consider a mall to be "good" it needs to have a combination of good restaurants, a movie theater, and an Apple store. This place has it all. Fantastic anchor stores (Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's, and Macy's), good restaurants (Bella Luna), and all the popular stores are here. Everything from Louis Vuitton to JCPenney. The place has it all for everyone. Plus an Apple store to boot. You can find it all here under one roof. The only negative I always find with Aventura is that parking and traffic can be difficult, specially during the weekends. But overall, if you want the best South Florida shopping experience, forget Dadeland Mall, and go straight to Aventura.
woo hoo !
great mall to find crazy high priced stuff
I live walking distance to the mall, so i frequently go there, at least twice a month.  This mall is very nice, and its not too big, not too small.  It has a lot of high end shops, but also missing some high end shops as well like Hermes, Zegna, louis vutton.  I cant afford those things, but if you are looking for the super high end stuff, you'll probably find what you are looking for at the bal harbour mall.  The mall has some decent restaurants, sushi siam, cheesecake fact, grand lux, The grill, Ocean prime, 5 guys, just to name a few.  I also once saw Shaq rolling with his body guards (like he needs them) and his 2 small kids walking in the mall right outside of cheesecake factory.  This mall is a higher end mall, its  got Nordstrom, bloomingdale, hugo boss, etc.  It can get busy at times.  And one thing i really like is the monthly (sometimes bimonthly) farmers market.  There you can find fresh homemade guacamole, salsa, juices and some south american/cuban baked goods like empanada, etc.  There are also many other events that happen throughout the year, like the great american bake off where tons of vendors and even cooking schools come sell their goods for charity.  You get high quality foods for a fraction of the cost, and the money goes to charity!! its definitely a win-win.  X-mas time is where things gets crazy, the mall is so packed i avoid going there all together.  Even tho i dont need to park, since i can walk i still avoid the place.  This congestion spreads to Ives dairy and US-1  as well so traffic on these roads are also worse then normal during the holiday season.  Bottom line, if you are a fan of shopping, look no further, this mall is the real deal.
Absolutely most beautiful mall in this area. Love this mall! :-)
Just like any other mall. Hoards of people pushing each other out of the way. Like a maze you can't get out of.
high end mall. very new and very beautiful. very spacious
Everything you can think of, you find it here. If  Shopping in style is the goal,  Aventura Mall is the perfect place to go to.. One of the nicest place Miami.  Elegant,  well kept,  security throughout the entire mall and high end stores and restaurants. Perfect size, love the convenience of the valet parking service.
This mall is ridiculous! I've been here a couple times while visiting the girlfriend's mom that lives in the area. When I think of malls in Milwaukee, they are all pretty small and usually they cater to either really high-end or lower-end customers. This mall has a great mix of stores that I can spend hours just walking around. There are three main wings and it is multiple stories so it will take some time to get to the store that you may be looking for yet the stores are all quality. The parking is easy to find with all of their huge lots. You can find everything you may need stopping in here from general household items, high-end clothes, sports items, etc.
It's a nice mall to pass time, people watch, shop and eat. They have a cheese factory in there too! It's down stairs. By the way, the escalator that goes down by the movie theaters works when it wants to .hopefully it gets fixed soon.
Aventura Mall is awesome I wish it was by my house it's so far from me I love the mall it has so many stores and restaurants.It has a Macy's,Bloomingdales,SEARS,JCPenney, NORDSTROM a two story LOUIS VUITTON store and much much more.This mall is also really pretty but gets really packed on Saturdays.The Cheesecake Factory at Aventura is humongous and the JOHNNY ROCKETS in the food court is awesome and the AMC theater is not like the one in Sunset Place.The Aventura AMC movie theater is so much better than the one in Sunset Place this mall is awesome and has pretty much every restaurant and store u could think of
Wow Aventura Mall is like in my opinion the best mall in the world they have a Cheesecake Factory and Grand Lux and Johnny Rockets. It anchors Macy's,Bloomingdales,SEARS,JCPenney,NORDSTROM and AMC 24 Theatre I love this mall
Aventura Mall is off of Biscayne Blvd (US-1) near the 190's close to Ives Dairy and I-95 in Aventura which is basically south of Hallandale and north of North Miami. For years whenever I visit my family in North Miami this has been the best all around mall to visit in the area.  Firstly it is one of the largest in the area so there's the most choices of stores to visit and it's closer than going to Sawgrass.   It's an indoor mall and it doesn't have all high end stores like Bal Harbour or Village of Merrick Park so it's generally your big middle class mall.  Since it has an Anthropologie yes we have to visit it every trip for my wife.  There's a Cheesecake Factory in this mall too which has been for quite some time. The parking for this mall can be hard at times because it's very busy especially on the weekends.  The parking area facing the Grand Luxe between Sears and Nordstrom last time I was there was mostly assigned to valet parking.   Aventura has 5 anchor department stores too (Sears, JC Penney, Nordstrom, Macy's and Bloomingdales.   This mall is always changing and has grown substantially since years ago.
Very nice upscale mall. This mall is great for window shopping or finding specific things. The Walking Store and Macy's both had a great selection and had what we were looking for. There was a guy playing the piano outside of The Walking Store the whole time were there shopping for insoles and shoes which was pleasant. It was enjoyable listening to him play over listening to boring mall music! We visited Tiffany & Co and Cartier just to look around and were treated very nicely with prompt service in both stores. There are coffee shops throughout. There is a nice cafe inside the women's Macy's and a cafe just outside the doors of Nordstrom. Getting there: There are signs for the mall everywhere. Starting on Ocean Drive (the beach road) There are signs telling you where to turn onto 192nd st to get to the mall. From there you just follow the signs and beaten of traffic and red lights!! Trying to find where to park is hectic but once you're in the right garage for the store that you want to enter into, its not so bad. We went on a Thursday afternoon and found a space on the ground floor not far from the door. It is definitely it's own little fortress so be prepared for traffic and a stroll. On the weekends or during a holiday, I'm positive it  is a madhouse trying to get in and out of the roads surrounding the mall. Where most malls would have a nice Toyota, Lexus, or BMW on display, this one had a Maserati! This mall is completely wheelchair accessible with large elevators.
SO FL's PREMIER UPSCALE ENCLOSED SHOPPING MALL Weekend parking is challenging but there is valet service. 2.7 million square feet of retail space making this mall the third largest in the US.   Anchors are bloomingdale, JCPenney, macy's, macy's men and home furniture, NORDSTROM, Sears and AMC Aventura 24 Theatres. 300 stores in total. Even TESLA has a showroom. Dining options are 59TH & LEX CAFE, Bella Luna, THE CHEESE COURSE, Cheesecake Factory, GRAND LUX CAFE, The GRILL, Johnny Rockets, macy's cafe, mama sbarro's, NORDSTROM CAFE BISTRO, Rosalia's, Sushi Siam and not to forget the food court. I'm never lost when it comes to shopping at my favorite South Florida mall.
Easy parking, good location, lots of stores that are easy to navigate. Love this mall
Best mall in all of florida. Every store and name you can think of. I absolutely love this mall. I can also bring my dog with me. Lots of restaurants to choose from. We love to go shopping then hit a movie and let our feet rest. Nordstrom & Bloomingdales are my personal favs.
Growing up in South Florida I have seen the many changes this mall has undergone. By the time I come back home for winter recess I will be overwhelmed coming here as a result of their expansion. Soon it will be Bal Harbour Shops at Aventura especially with the addition of more luxury stores. Regardless of what direction you come from, traffic in this area will be a mess. Its Miami so you can't really expect better. If you want to get in and get out, then be at the door when this mall opens, even on Saturdays and Black Friday. I have to wear comfortable shoes, because there is a lot of walking to do in this mall. Expect to go from Nordstrom to Bloomingdale's in roughly 20 minutes. I like that compared to other malls, the stores are huge so there's a better selection of items for me to choose from. And because I'm a little more to love the anchor stores carry items that don't make me look twice my age. This mall is kept neat and clean like a luxury mall should, and the bathrooms away from the food court are nice. Speaking of the food court, some of the restaurants have been there for years, and the food is so-so Charley's and Five Guys are my only favorites. Its about time they upgrade the area for better seating and bigger space because it takes away from the overall atmosphere of the mall.
Even though I'm not a shopper, this is my favorite mall! Love the Cineplex, the Apple Store as well as the food court!
My local spot!!  When I'm off or whenever I feel like Window Shopping or checking out the latest fashion trends,  I come here.  My favorite store to go to would be: H&m, footlocker,  Champs, Bloomingdale, Nordstorms, Express is opening up a new improved store,  and their movie theater AMC never disappoints. It gets pretty packed during the weekends though. (I suggest NOT coming to watch the newest movie during the weekends) I had a really bad experience; Let's just say I had to listen to a baby crying for a good 30 mins.  A ratchet @#% mother would not leave with the damn baby.  (SIGH) Anyways, that's another topic for another review. The best place to stroll around would be weekENDS.  There are plenty of fine looking girls in this mall so it's good if you want to "wash your eyes"  a little bit. This mall only has one main food court and restaurants scattered through out. It's useful to know where the bathrooms located. It comes in handy, trust me. 3 that I know by heart.  One at the food court,  one by Express,  and another, on the way to Nordstorms, on your right.   Best parking would be at JC Penney by Citibank or the parking garage by AMC and Johnny Rockets. Try your best to park on first floor,  do not go up.  It will save you some Gas and you won't have to wait for traffic on the way out.  (having to work in aventura for a year,  I came to a conclusion that Aventura residents cannot drive even if their lives depend on it) Not to sound racist, but the way these South American fobish tourists commandeer their vehicles will annoy the CRAP out of you. Drive at your own risk and I hope you're patient. This mall is a tourist spot, even people from South Beach comes here to browse and shop. This mall also the end-line for most buses both Miami Dade and Broward County. In conclusion,  I love the mall, location is perfect,  girls are beautiful,  but a small percentage of people gets on my nerve.
This mall has definitely grown to mammoth proportions. The place is huge! So much so, that they have these little carts to shuffle people around that are too lazy to walk. Seriously, I did not see any elderly or physically handicapped folks riding, they were all able bodied and for the most part, young. The mall is very nice and super clean. It has your basic mall stores, anchor stores and higher end stores as well. While I shop, my husband can drool at the Breitling store, play at the Apple Store & Microsoft Store, then take a nap on a comfy couch. I am able to shop in peace without having him hovering and asking "How much longer?" The food court has the regular cast of characters. Nothing special. They also have a handful of restaurants including Grand Lux Cafe & Cheesecake Factory, which to me, are one & the same. Parking is a major pain in the ass. No matter at what time I go. It's like being back in college and slowly tailing people as they walk to their car. Unlike college, I just can't ask folks to jump in my car and I'll drive them to their car. No matter how much I want to. All in all, it's a great mall. Especially on boring rainy days.
Awesome customer service Ginell is a star! She wrapped my gifts up like santa's lil helper!! Great shopping experience!!! THANK YOU!
This mall is a mission to go to. The parking is just horrendous and its always so packed with families complete with walling children and teenagers that I feel agitated when I leave. Pretty typical for malls in America. My feet hurt afterwards its so big, its a long walk to get to all the stores you want to go to. I wear flats and while cute they don't hold up to the outing you need to rock sneakers. However they have a huge selection of mid to pricey stores and a tone of options! there Bloomingdale's is fantastic best in south Floridia except for maybe the falls. (Main reason we go here and Teavana) A huge Macy's, apple store, and my favorite's anthropology, peace love world,  and sephora. Food court is just ok they do not have a chick-filla so I never eat there. Movie theater is decent. It is all enclosed which could add to the claustrophobic feeling. They always have cars inside which I think is ridiculous. Over all Lots of shopping options if you have $$ to spend!
Pros Beautiful women A mix of middle and high fashion Plenty of stores to choose from A Very big mall Nice restaurants located within the mall Cons Traffic sucks People don't have manners
The third largest shopping mall in the country, Aventura Mall is a luxurious shopping experience.  The anchor stores are fantastic- Macy's, Bloomingdale's, JC Penny, and the newest addition Nordstrom's.  The mall is beautifully maintained, stellar fountains- the holidays here are Magical.  Lights everywhere, holiday train sets, and train rides for children.  From the eclectic Urban Outfitters to the posh Cache... there is a store for everyone.   There is also fine dining as well as a food court.  And for entertainment, the movie theater boasts stadium seating, 3D viewing, and IMAX adventures! Moving further North away from this mall has made me appreciate it that much more.
I love shopping, so I was in love with Aventura Mall. They have one of my favorite stores... Urban Outfitters. They have a host of other stores. They range from H&M to Gucci. The mall is huge. A great place to walk around and spend a little time and money. The food court was also cool. Lots of places to eat. They have a Cheesecake Factory, which had a line just for cheesecake. The parking was easy. Several levels at the parking garage. I'd visit again and again.
I'm from LA, and was in Miami for a family vacation and visiting friends. Everyone talked about the Aventura Mall and it didnt disappoint. Reminds me a lot of South Coast Plaza out here. Basically, if you want an utterly massive selection of stores of every kind imaginable all under 1 roof, this is the place to go. Parking was a bit of a headache on a Sunday, but not a huge deal. Once inside its surprisingly well maintained for such a large and busy mall.
The best mall ever. Nice to walk around. Good crowd. A lot of nice stores. I go there at least once a month.
My favorite mall. Love the different selections of boutiques. Great restaurants.  Movie theater and much more. Oh and kids play area
I am not sure if it is the timing that I come into this mall, but I have yet to feel too crowded in this place. Yeah it may be "the third largest mall in America," but it does not feel like it in my opinion. I love the assorted variety of stores here that range from high brow like a two story Louis Vuitton store to basic like Sears. Pretty much everyone can afford to shop here and that is what makes it so appealing to me. The mall is beautiful and so are its stores. All the stores have an expanded collection of items that are not typically found in other malls, so grab those items while you can. Aventura Mall also has plenty restaurants to indulge in such as The Cheesecake Factory, Grand Lux Cafe, and Bella Luna to name a few. The food court also has an array of foods to choose from and there are many food stands dispersed around the mall. Now I will not lie to you, parking can be a hassle here...that is if you do not know where to park. My personal favorites to park is the parking lot right across from Nordstrom, the Bloomingdale's garage, and the Macy's parking lot (honestly, I only tolerate the parking by Macy's). Parking by the movie theater is hell, and you are basically asking for the additional stress from idiotic drivers and the lack of spaces. This is my favorite mall in the South Florida area, and I love coming here when I get the chance. My wallet however, does not.
Traffic is an utter nightmare getting here. Parking is a nightmare. Basically the only redeeming aspect of this mall is its high end selection of stores given the size. Now, Aventura is not a Merrick Park or Bal Harbour, but they do have an Aveda, and Restoration Hardware which is a plus in my book. But there is a lot wrong with this mall, not the least of which is the -45* temperature which is actually the freezing point of mercury. Let's begin with the mall being so crowded and loud you find it impossible to get from store to store. You're easily lost and no one knows where anything is and the only help you get is from digital kiosks with maps. Which are surprisingly helpful. But why doesn't anyone know where anything is? And why can't you find a salesperson ever? And why are people selling cruises and condos in the middle of the walkways? I want a cardigan, not a condo. And why does everyone think I speak Russian? This should be a great mall but until the zombie apocalypse comes and everyone dies and like I Am Legend starring Will Smith, I am the only one immune and left to wander the Aventura Mall, I will avoid the Aventura Mall and I recommend you do the same. Because it is PACKED with frozen, sheeplike ZOMBIES that make mobility an impossibility and will ROB your brain of its capacities. STAY AWAY.
This is the best mall in South Florida and has just about every store you can imagine. It's huge!
This is an amazing mall. I believe it's the 2nd most visited in America behind the mall of America in mn. If u go here in prime time like the weekends you may get frustrated with the sheer amount of ppl and the amount of languages that are not English being spoken.. I can barely deal with non-English so I hit pembroke lakes mall a lot.. Really nice mall tho.. Has a billion stores but no Buckle store!! Anyways.. Check it out.
This place is overwhelming and exhausting.   If there isn't enough glitz, glitter, sparkle, or shine, the mall owners will create it.  If there aren't enough high end shops, the mall owners will get them. And if there are too many empty surfaces, the mall owners will find an ad to cover them. I'm not just talking walls or signboards, here. I'm talking stair surfaces, water fountains, floor spaces, and urinals (I'm kidding about the last one  since I haven't been to the men's room to see, but I wouldn't put it past them). Seriously, I've never been to a mall so completely given over to advertising on every available space, except for in the low end malls. The only difference is that here there are a few more zeros on the price tags. It's an odd juxtaposition though. Aventura has Louis Vuitton, Dior, Burberry, and Cartier, to name a few of the high end shops. But they also have lower end retailers like JC Penny, Journeys, and LensCrafters.  Guess they want someplace for the proletariat to shop too. But the parallels to a low end mall are irresistible. The layout of Aventura is confusing and inconvenient, much like a low end mall's layout which attempts to disorient and trap shoppers into staying and buying more crap.  And a really high end place wouldn't have so much space dedicated to cheesy advertising.  It all just speaks to a desperation for the courting of the almighty dollar that makes this mall so tawdry and depressing. And don't get me started on the insanity that is the parking lot. If you have to, you have to. Go for the spectacle of it all, but leave feeling like you escaped a Vegas casino with your wallet empty and your morality compromised.
You can get lost in this place. In fact, I have gotten lost in this place, but once you figure out the layout it's easy to navigate. Or just get a map. Sometimes it's hard to tell the locals from the tourists. Sometimes. The parking is terrible, but for some odd reason my family and I always get lucky and get a terrific spot in the Nordstrom parking area. The parking around the Cheesecake factory never goes well though. My favorite stores: Anthropologie, the Apple Store, Nordstrom, Urban Outfitters, Banana Republic, Forever21 (it's two floors and humongous), and H&M.
I love this mall, they have a lot of great shops and I personally think that some of the shops they have here are way better than the ones in Boca Town Center. They also have a lot more stores that you wouldn't find in Boca. It's a nice upscale mall with a variety of different stores, but I will say that drivers around this area are absolutely nuts so be careful when driving near the mall because people are absolutely psycho.
Aventura Mall has gone from a quiet little regional shopping mall to the 3rd largest in the country. Over the past 15 years they've completed 3 major expansions to add stores, parking and other draws like their movie theater. There really isn't any mall nearby with as much range of shopping, although in recent years it has been skewing to the luxury, higher end retailers. Think more Gucci and Louie V, less Hot Topic and Sears occupying the new leases. The parking conundrum? Outside of holidays and weekends, any garage will work. On holidays and weekends, Bloomingdales or Nordstrom garage, particularly the 4th floor or any level without a direct walkway to the mall. Don't bother with surface lots, they're not closer and they cook the car's interior. As far as a mall's appearance go, Aventura is pampered. There's never gum on the floor and latte spills don't last long, mall management keeps the place sparkling and the stores are obligated (forced) to update their appearances every 5-10 years so as to not look dated. You won't find faux wood paneling and 1970s era mall decor here. It's a high end clientele. Many of the shoppers come from far off places like Brazil, Argentina, Colombia-- at certain times of the year you'll find snowbirds from the Northeast US or Europeans taking advantage of the US dollar. That being said, Spanish and Portuguese is the norm, with English being the second language for most. It shouldn't dissuade you from shopping here though. What might turn you away are the prices, your dollar will go far further at Sawgrass, but you won't find an Apple Store there or a restaurant that cooks hibachi better than most of them. Food court has the usual fare, it's average and the prices don't necessarily beat the restaurants at lunchtime. It's worth a visit if you're in the area, but it's 12-15 miles from SoBe and Ft Lauderdale, so renting a car to get there is a requirement.
Arrive early or be prepared to scour for parking. Aventura Mall is THE prime location for all tourist shoppers - all mostly from Latin America. The reason for this is that the mall features many stores that would require visits to different locations. It's really huge, so be prepared to walk through hordes of people and don't panic. I think it's the only location in Florida with a Ferrari store. Huge props for that alone. Happy Shopping!
Big selection of stores, nice selection of food, movie theater and this place is MASSIVE... Make sure you come in shoes with support
I remember the days when Aventura Mall was half of its current size and had Burdines. Back when I used to catch the bus (WHAT? There is public transportation in Miami? Yes, there is!) and get dropped off at the food court entrance. Now I have seen my beloved Aventura become the 3rd largest mall in the US - bigger than Sawgrass? YES! BIGGER THAN SAWGRASS! (But without the amazing price cuts, so take that "win" with a grain of salt.) I remember when they first opened the AMC theater. They put Lohmans Plaza to shame - and eventually out of businesses - the theater at least. I used to love coming to these movie theaters - as a kid. As an adult they are filled with - you guessed it - teenagers. All they want to do is talk, chew loudly and laugh at points in the movie that are not funny - ugh, I am getting old! The theater is only a tiny part of this vast mall. They have every chain store you can think of from Cheesecake Factory to Macys (2 of them) and every sneaker store you can imagine. The food court is a basic mall food court with quick already made food options. Parking seems to be an issue for most. I know the secret spots. If you are going to anything near the theater park on the roof of the garage - it's always empty. Going to JC Penny's side of the mall? Park on the roof of that garage - it's always empty. Yea, the one that is on a hill of sorts, close to the food court - yep that one! Going to Forever 21? Park on the roof of that garage. In other words - forget going around in circles.....PARK ON THE ROOF! I can't say I am much of a shopper and although I used to love Aventura in my youth, I mostly dread going because of the insane crowds, rude patrons, over priced boutiques, dismal food options and well because online shopping is so much easier. At least I always know where to park and now, so do you.
Been coming to this mall since I was a child . I have to say it is my favorite mall in all of south Florida. The restaurants & movie theatre beat sawgrass for sure !! They offer shops for days , high end .. You name it Aventura mall has it.
Parking is always a nightmare, not to mention the traffic around the mall area. This is not the place to go if you need to be in and out quickly. Aside from that, the inside which was recently upgraded and remodeled, looks great and is huge. They have a very large forever 21, a great Bloomigdales, and one of the best Nordstrom's! When i have the time (and patience) i do enjoy shopping at this mall, but that isn't often!
It had been some time since I came to Aventura mall. As a child my mother used to bring me all the time to eat rock candy from the cellar at Macy's. Memories! Anyway... This mall is awesome. It's huge and has every store you can think of- even the more upscale ones like Louis Vuitton, Burberry, and Cartier just to name a few. The food court has some great choices, too! Unlike most malls, they had a sushi joint (can't remember the name), Thai food & even a Five Guys! What?!?! Talk about an awesome selection to choose from. It's too bad I don't live close, cause if I did I'd come here more often.
I made the mistake of trying to have dinner at the mall on a Saturday. I dropped my parents of at the restaurant and went to look for parking. I circle the mall and the multi deck garage with no luck. I gave up and called my parents and we went home.
Aventura, why do you have to be so far? This mall is stunning. There are so many stores, and many of the chains you buy clothes from--American Eagle, Abercrombie, Macy's--you name it, they probably got it. Thirsty for tea? Visit Teavana, and sample their drinks. Hungry? There are too many options. However, I highly recommend Grand Luxe. At this restaurant, there is something for everyone, and all tastes delicious. It is basically a fancy Cheesecake Factory. Finding prime parking can be a pain, but that can be expected, when a mall is this good! I will visit Aventura Mall again whenever I visit Aventura.
This is one of my all time favorite malls ! Everything from the stores list to the movie theater is on par! It is also very clean and is in a good location , near a target , best buy, whole foods ... The list can go on. It has higher price scale and lower price scale stores so you can basically get all of your shopping bases covered. There are also many restaurants for all over the people that come and make a day out of it ... And many people often do , there are always lots of foreign  tourists taking advantage of the cheaper prices , then they usually face. Once a month on a Sunday  it also has a farmers market inside. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because today I came and since it was a Sunday around 1130 am ... Less then half the stores were open ... I mean I understand opening later but 12 is pushing it . Over all this is not to be missed , the parking can be crazy at times , but there is tons of it and its free so take advantage of it . It opens at like 6 am too , many mall walkers to do laps around the beautifully mapped out levels. I can never miss out on a mall day here !
Great mall, lots of stores. Easy to get lost here, try and remember where you parked if not this can be a nightmare. Stores include: Macys Nordstrom Bloomingdales Jcrew Forever 21 Victoria Secret Restoration Hardware Apple Coach Michael Kors bath and body Just to name a few.
I honestly can't stand coming to this mall. I only came here when I have no other choice. It's always crowded as it seems no matter what day or time of the year it is. Also a lot of the people who shop at this mall are extremely rude and pushy. This is one of the reasons I don't come here to shop, unless like I said above I have no other choice. The mall itself is very clean, large and nice. There are various shops here, and most of the people that work in the stores are very friendly.
TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!!! One barista who seems to be on holiday.... Very very very slow.... Lines are huge The worst Starbucks experience!!!! This store should be closed!!!!!
This is the 3rd biggest mall in America. Damn this place is huge. They have any store you could ever want, mostly high end stores though and everything is extremly expensive. They have a 2-story louis vuitton store! everything is top notch here. If your in the area is deff a cool place to walk around and see some of the stores they have. They have a few stores that only exist in this mall exclusively. The "unknown" Lebron James store is sick! deff my favorite
This mall is huge, gorgeous, and they do have all the stores you can name of , But after experiencing Sawgrass Mills mall.... this mall just portrays fashion rather than department stores. Aventura Mall just shows exclusive items , its built on high end fashion, and its more inviting to tourists and people with money rather than locals that just want to go shopping without having to spend so much money. Everything in this mall is super expensive. Very rarely do you see people of all sizes.. its just plain runway..skinny size 0-4 women who think that they own the world. The only inviting part of this mall would have to be the restaurants, the movie theatre, and just overall because it's a mall.... if you do have money in your pocket be ready to spend alot. If you have average amount of money in your pocket be ready to get away with only a few things in your bags. On the other hand Sawgrass Mills is built on outlet stores where you can actually find specials, bargains...it is fun to shop in because it has more of a family oriented bringing to it. Sawgrass is a mall you go in the morning and spend the whole day shopping in. With $300.00 you come out satisfied and with your car trunk full. They too have all the stores you can think of  even more than aventura and the best part about it is that the majority of them are outlets and are also fashion forward.   Although it is a little further up north, i choose shopping there over 100 times than aventura. I'll leave aventura for strolls, and window views and an ocassional ice cream gelatoo. Other than that, sawgrass by far is the best.
Probably one of the best malls in the country in terms of variety and brand-name stores, BUT, the crowds are unbearable.
This mall isn't bad, but make sure you have money when you go shopping here. Now if you have never been to a mall before then this is a great mall. Saw grass mall is way better and so is dolphin mall. Things are better prices and you can find good deals.  The body shop and crocs are great stores in here. This place is for people who have money.
The cat's meow. This mall has it all. From Forever 21 to LV. From Leggos to Pucci. If you're wallet is slim or fat you can still shop here and find whatever your needs are. This mall is huge and will give you a workout from walking around it. This is the place where the ballers ball and the bargain hunters come together as one.
This lovely mall is jam packed with luxury retailers and is home to the second largest Louis Vuitton store in America.     I had fun weaving in and out of stores like Nordstrom's, Louis, Cartier, Caché, and more.  The movie theater also makes this a great place. I enjoyed some tasty Chinese on the food court and had a great afternoon even though I'm balling on a budget.  They also offered Italian, American, Thai, and other cultural food items.
What can I say this is one of the top of the line high end malls.  Great restaurants, and stores, and designed well and eye catchy.  I will say Lincoln Park Mall and Coco Walk have more unique and charm for the outdoor style but for and indoor air conditioned mall you cant beat this one! They have regular stores, top of the line, and independent shops.  Be prepared to pay in the non traditional stores, but what else would you expect in Florida. The mall twists and turns but offers great site lines and a store for everyone. If your in the area check out Sunny Isles Beach and Hollywood Florida which are both close, this mall is also close to where the Miami Dolphins pay.  I advice on Valet parking!!
Been coming to this mall since I was about 5 years old. Before Nordstrom and amc. It has everything you can need and want under one roof. I just hate how pack it is, yikes! Always a hassle with parking, but worth it. I live by this mall, so it is my first choice in malls. Definitely will always keep coming back.
Like Short Hills in Jersey or Tyson's Galleria in Virginia. $7 for valet just might be worth it because parking seems to be a challenge. And if $7 for valet seems steep, this isn't the mall for you. Not judging; just saying.
This is a very beautiful mall with nice selection of stores. From medium to high budgets.. there's a selection for you! It has 2 stories so make sure to put your walking shoes on. If you're not completely wiped-out from the crowds or the walking.. Grab a bite at Cheesecake Factory. Oh, parking is a nightmare so I suggest either park in the less popular department stores (Sears, JC Penney) or pay for valet.
I have a love/hate relationship with malls. I'm sure I'm not alone in that sentiment. There are so many good shops here but that doesn't change the overwhelming aspect of this space. If you're just looking for a simple mall then this isn't it. If you're looking for a mall with a full, luxe gym, movie theater, shops that are hard to find elsewhere, plenty of higher end restaurants, and some fun annual events then you've come to the right place. Maybe that's why it has its own magazine.
Went to Macy's looking for dress shoes and tennis shoes. Sorry to say there is a lack of inventory. But hey, the store looks good. I was told to go online for additional product selection. Generally ships from the manufacturer. Not the reason I drove to Miami but what can you do. Beautiful people and mall.
Stopped in here with my fashionista co-workers to do some R & D. This mall has a nice mix of price point shopping with a Bloomies and Nordies as well as a JCP and a Macy's (just did the former 2, not the latter). It also had a couple of my favorite stores, Miss Sixty, the Apple Store, a Herve Leger boutique, Anthropologie, and a Reiss.  I passed on going into Urban...(an Urban's an Urban's but we have pretty dope one's in L.A. anyway)  and instead went into the worst Zara ever.  They had slow cashier's and lines so long and stupid that people were throwing their shit on the displays and leaving it was that lame.  And it looked as sloppy as the worst Forever 21. I didn't have much time to spend at the mall, but I was impressed with it and felt like it had a little something for everyone.  I made my tiny dent into my bank account, but all was good for sure.
Had to run in the other day to Macy's. I must admit, I do try and avoid this mall as much as possible. Three stars are basically for how pretty and clean this mall is and that is all. This mall is always packed with so many people. Parking lot is huge but I find myself driving around forever trying to find a parking space. I am not quite sure what it is about this mall that I am not crazy about. They do have a good selection of some nicer stores but for some reason everytime I come here I walk out empty handed. Now that for me, is a shocker. Not sure if it is the attitude or the pretentious feel about most of the stores but for me it is just another mall with not much substance. Holiday's, OMG stay far far away, this place is crazy. Another thing that bothers me about this mall is that it is always freezing in there. Hey, nice on a hot day but I freeze to death in this mall. Besides the mall always being packed, trying to get to it is a nightmare. Traffic in this area is nuts!
Where have I been my whole life? Hidden under a rock? A feral child living the Tarzan life? Why had I never been to this mall before after 23 years living in Miami? Oh yeah - cause I was sucked into the Kendall life. As an adult, I've allowed myself to progress and move forward, and have visited Ft Lauderdale approximately 3 times now and Broward about 4. I have discovered new lands known as Coconut Grove, Brickell, the Design District, and of course South Miami. But Aventura? This was a whole new area to conquer. And only something like last minute Xmas presents to convince me could get me there. Holy Guacamole!! Three floors!! Urban Outfitters on steroids! Anthropologie in person, no more online shopping! Juicy couture, Teavana, Swarovski, Calvin Klein, oh my. Amazing people watching opportunities exist! The food court! Woah. Like every kind of Asian quick services you can think of. I couldn't decide between the Japanese, the Shrimp one, or the Thai one with too many choices - and ended up with a pathetic salad. But next time I will choose more wisely. I did discover Beard Papa's yummy mochi & pastries as a snack - gotta refuel after so much shopping, as well as some overpriced but tempting cupcake cart. So many options, not for the weak decision makers, at this mall. After a day of shopping here, get the foot soaker and the remote ready for a night on the couch relaxing.
"Wow". That was the first thing I said when entering this mecca of a building. Aventura mall pretty much is what any shopper could ask for. I make the drive from Miami up to Aventura regularly because I love this mall so much. And believe me I don't regret it at all. What's great is that is has an amazing selection of high and low end stores that it doesn't cater to one segment of the population. Anyone can come in and spend their money and feel welcomed. I don't feel like I'm Pretty Woman when I walk in, well maybe when I walk into Michael Kors. The only downside of an enormous mall is that it's so easy to get lost! Honestly, I've been lost there on multiple occasions. Like, had the sweats lost. I'm 29, I shouldn't be this afraid, but it's such an overwhelming structure that I honestly had no clue where I parked my vehicle. Says a lot about me but anyway... All I'm saying is REMEMBER where you enter because if you're really shop it could take you a good 3 hours to get through this mall so you're likely not to remember your exact point of entry. The food court is pretty epic. I'm a sucker for the Paradise Bistro because eating an amazing chopped salad in the middle of trying on clothing makes me feel better than eating two slices of pizza. Valet is a plus (again if I can remember where it's located). I've spent plenty of money here already and I'm sure I'll spend plenty more.
It's Generation Y & X on fashion steroids or Silver Spoons meets Jersey Shore on America's Next Top Model....or one more hold up...It's Studio 54 @ the mall. I felt a little out of place in my suit and tie. If you like fashion forward, high end, and trendy threads - this is the mall for YOU. Aventura Mall has every store you can think of...regardless of what you are looking for you will find it at this mall. The mall also has a few great spots to eat lunch or dinner. Lastly, clean mall and clean restrooms - always a good sign.
This is supposed to be one of florida's high end malls. Overpriced & overcrowded. It is very big. Here you can find most of your top quality stores. Unless you like to window shop, don't bother. Even "cheap" stores will be marked up based on location. But it does have one of the few movie theaters in the area. Parking's a b!tch
This is one of the FANCIEST Indoor mall in the FLORIDA area (i think). All the Brand names you can think of.   Plenty of sparking spaces and is right off the Interstate 95. Expect lot of walking. Restaurants - Plenty to choose from. Movie theater accessible.
El centro comercial de Aventura is definitely the best overall shopping centre in South Florida.  When I used to live about nine blocks away, this mall was where my Equinox gym was as well as my four favorites--Lush, Origins, Ruehl (now closed) and G-Star.   The mall has shops for everyone, from the Ferrari & Porsche (fashion and home, not automotive) stores and Desigual to JcPenney and the two level Forever 21--and there's lots in between! The best garage parking is on the Nordstrom side, it has the most cameras and the best security coverage.  The Nordstrom garage is also the less accident prone since the ramps are wider than the other garages.  And forget about parking on the Macy's side parking lot, I don't think I've ever seen an open space before 10pm!  Anyway, it's Florida, park in the garage! Unfortunately, since this mall is close to the North Miami slums west of 95, this mall does suffer from quite a bit of questionable activity, particularly during the weekend evenings.  The movie theatre side is usually littered with ghetto teens wearing Nike Foamposites and white t-shirts that resemble hideous moo-moos.  If you want to avoid these types, visit the mall during the weekdays--or any day in the morning. Overall, it's an excellent mall.  Plants are well-kept, everything is very clean and carefully looked after. I also wonder when that LED woman will stop her walking?!  (If you're not a local, you most likely won't get that!)
My family sometimes come to Miami from Guatemala to stock up on stuff like work clothes, Abercrombie shite, shoes, etc.  A trip to Miami to meet up with the fam always includes at least 4 hours in Aventura mall.  The thing I probably love most about Aventura is that I am absolutely glad to spend 4 hours inside its confines.  So much to choose from, yet it never gets so crowded that I get nervous and start to mutter "get the fuck out of my way..." It may not be as pretty as Bal Harbour or Boca Town Center, but it's a lot bigger than those and is much more accesible pricewise.  There's a great selection of stores for every budget.  Favorites include, the MAC store, Bloomingdales, Banana Republic, Nordstrom, the teeny little Henri Bendel, Barney's Co-Op, Le Sportsac, and the Five Guys and Argentine parillada in the food court.  To offset the Barney's and the Bendel's, there are the requisite low-budget mall kiosks. Most malls make me certifiably insane with having to navigate through crowds and having to cover my ears from the din, but even given it's size, Aventura doesn't get so crazy.
I've been going to this mall since forever, i still get lost though, which is understandable, because it is huge, all 3 floors, a two-story Forever 21, which is, very convienient,it has its own entrance opposed to the mall entrance which is usually crowded, or blocked by cars waiting to get close parking spots. typical mall fare, food courts, auntie annies everywhere, apple store, microsoft windows store, also the koi pond which is a nice touch. this mall has pretty much everything, high end designers like Louis vuitton, or cheap thrills like XXI mentioned before. my only concern is the crowds, like any mall this one is nuts, so i try to get there early before all of south floridas elite do.
I must have gone on a very bad day. I hope I went on a very bad day. It was beyond packed -- I swear, it was over the occupancy limit. I was turned off immediately by the craziness to even find parking -- I was ready to turn back and go to trusty Dadeland Mall. But I kept it moving and eventually found a much-coveted spot. Once inside, it was not any better -- the competitiveness, aggressiveness, and nasty attitudes outside mirrored my experience inside. It was uncomfortably crowded. Aventura has fun stores to peruse through but I couldn't relax enough to do so! Once we finally left, one person almost hit my friend with her car (literally, she missed her by a hair!) and another car almost smashed right into my car. I like to go to the mall to relax, peruse and therapeutically shop -- not possible here. I'll try again... I'm thinking on a Tuesday...morning?
large middle to high end mall in Aventura. Parking is always a terror though its a huge mall with plenty parking. i try and go straight to stores i need. You have an Apple store, H&M, 2 story Forever21, Unknown (store part owned by Lebron James), LV, Michael Koers, Norbstrom and many more. Great places for dinner and movie theater on 5th floor.
This is my favorite mall in all of South Florida and has been all my life.  I grew up in North Miami and so Aventura Mall was always the go-to mall to shop and hang out.  It was the "cool" mall growing up.  :) A decade later, I still think it's the "cool" mall.  It has all my favorite stores under one roof, and they keep getting better!  How can you not love a place that has anything from Coach, to Apple, to Godiva Chocolates, to Victoria's Secret, to the newest addition of Forever 21!?!??  Not to mention Arden B, Armani Exchange, Sephora, Urban Outfitters, and the list goes on!  And it's got all the major department stores - Macy's, Bloomie's, and Nordstrom!!! It's a high-end mall, with high-end prices though, so careful if you're trying to bargain shop.  This mall is often a bittersweet guilty pleasure for me...  Bittersweet because I can't always afford what I want...  And I know I read somewhere that Maria calls this place Aventorture - WHICH IS SOOO TRUE!  Sometimes its just total torture to be here, but if you know how to shop as well as I do, you can walk into any store and still find something on sale and affordable.   And its my absolute FAVORITE Holiday-time mall to shop at.  It's the best during Christmas and they decorate it amazing.  Plus you have Santa's train for the kids to ride on...  Yes, I rode on it as a kid as well...  Many many moons ago...
I wince at giving an INDOOR mall a 5-star rating... but this mall has every popular store you can imagine, good restaurants, and  chi-chi stores as well. It's just that... well, in Miami, the concept of indoor malls should be banned!
Aventura Mall has a nice vibe.  Good looking people, some high end boutiques, it's real light on white trash, and it's enormous.  I like strolling through the mall, though I rarely buy any products here.  Maybe I'll see a movie or buy a coffee, but rarely clothes.   Too expensive. The mall's been here since I was born, but has been through several phases of renovation and expansion, keeping with the times.  For anyone who has ever played Grand Theft Auto, Vice City.  The "North Point Mall" is based on Aventura Mall. Traffic can be a nightmare, especially if you're coming from Broward.  The Ives Dairy I-95 exit is a mess, transitioning to US 1 can be hectic, and the perimiter of the mall is always a slow go.  Multiply all of these hassles 11x for Nov. & Dec.   Go for the garage parking, there are usually more spaces available, and it's covered.
This mall has gone through many changes in the past 25 years. It is better now than it has been - more upscale shops (but of course, it ain't Boca's Town Center) and variety. For kids and teens it offers all of the mall-goodness (or badness) that you'd expect. They have also re-habbed the food court (at least it seemed that way to me) and it is cleaner and nicer than in the old days.
I am always like a kid on Christmas day when I arrive at Aventura Mall. So many good stores and never enough time to see everything. I am addicted to Forever 21, American Eagle, Bloomingdale's, Guess, Macy's,Teavana, Hollister,... and so much more. The good is definitely the many many stores. There's also a lot of parking space (if you have a car!) However, I find it too big and I get lost very often. Another bad thing: it is too far from South Beach. The bus takes over one hour to get there so I am usually exhausted from the trip itself. I am in love with this mall. I would spend my life there which is actually the right amount of time you need to explore its every corner!
This is definitely the best mall I've been to in Florida! They have the best stores and a great variety of food places. On top of it all, the entire mall is clean and very aesthetically pleasing. We stopped here on our way to Boca during rush hour. The place was packed but we didn't have any trouble parking. Most shopping malls that I've been to have terrible parking lots, but this one was excellent! Even though I live about 40 minutes away and there are about 10 other malls closer to me, next time I have to go shopping I'll definitely make the drive to Aventura mall.
Definitely not your typical mall type of typical. My first, second, third and fourth adventures to the Aventura have each confirmed the uniqueness not only of the mall but of its patrons as well. The stores are uniquely more diverse, more upscale and somewhat more $$$$ than most, the patrons seem to be speaking more varied languages...Spanish, Russian, English, Swedish, French, Japanese (as well as many others).....than I hear spoken at other malls and run the gambit from the dressy chic to the beachy flip floppy on to the crooked hat wearing baggy panted ghetto kid types. Indeed the people watching can be as good as the window shopping.   Its stores, mostly upper scale with many out of the norm for a typical mall but not really up, up scale as would find at Bal Harbor and its varied customer base make for a generally out of the ordinary mall shopping experience which, at least for me, is appealing.
Yeah, Im pretty much in love with this place. Granted, I usually have to put blinders on when walking past Aldo and Coach, oh and Sephora, but I love walking around this place! Its nice and clean and its a perfect specimen of Commercialism at its best. Its a great way to get out of a bad mood, if anyone feels like sponsoring me, I'm available anytime! ;)
Esther W. and Carlos H. have already summed up what I like/dislike about this mall.  I also have a love hate relationship with this mall.   I love that I have access to pretty much any price level of any brand I could possibly desire.  I like the variety at the food court along with all the other dining options.  My favorite store is hands down Sephora.  This is one of the larger Sephora stores with a really nice selection.  My second favorite would be Michael Kors. My hate is precisely what Esther W describes.  The mall doesn't seem to have a soul.  I can find 400 burnt orange shirts or 10,000 color blocked outfits.  There just seems to be something missing from this mall...maybe a cheap side. ha!  Despite living walking distance from this mall, I find myself driving to Sawgrass Mills to go to the Nike outlet.  Both options have a Grand Lux Cafe. :)
I agree with it being the best, and I like the fact that it has all the stores we want... I love the Sephora, and this store called Urban Outfitters. Another reason I would go there is the M.A.C. make-up.   However, these are the reasons it's losing two stars: 1. how crowded it always is, and 2. how it is hard to get there often. Don't get me wrong- I love crowds, but not when they block you and walk very slow. Parking is not easy when this city is dealing with traffic. A lot of taxi drivers on the sides. And especially a lot of valet parking (I loathe them!) I wish I could put 3 1/2 stars but yelp doesn't have that option. I still love you Aventura Mall.. lol
I guess I don't really get it.   It is listed in all of the visitors guides and tourist brochures and rated as the a must do/see by international tourists, this large mall complex is really no different than any other shopping center in the United States. Anchored by a unusual mix of department stores - Macy's, Bloomingdales, Barney's Co-Op and Nordstrom and for the less fortunate shoppers, JCPenny and Sears, this odd mix of larger stores guarantees that not everyone will be sporting a Louis Vuitton or Gucci handbag as with the Bal Harbour Shops. The upmarket Colonnade outlets at the Sawgrass Mills outlet center makes for a better buy and quite frankly, a more interesting trip than the usual boring mall trek.
This mall is super swanky.  There's an Audi R8 on display inside the mall, so that's pretty sweet too. Bring a wallet, or a sugar daddy or mommy...cuz this place can put you in to bankruptcy if you're not careful.
I so prefer this mall over the Dolphin Mall!! The mall itself is large and clean, tons of shops to choose from! My only qualm with this place is the parking..... I've been here a couple times and a few times it hasn't been an issue....but, when I have popped in on a rainy weekend it was like a frickin' witch hunt for a parking spot! It seriously took over an hour to find a spot and I probably almost got killed about 10 times. So, love the mall & I will only go if it's NOT a rainy weekend.
I absolutely love this mall, It has great designer stores, restaurants and a movie theatre. Perfect location and parking is always available!
I can't believe I'm giving a mall a five-star rating. It's not 1986, "The Mall" is not the place to go for fun, and I actually really hate shopping. Like, I order almost everything online because I'd rather wait four days for shipping than actually go into a store and deal with people. But I like this mall. There's a koi pond and lots of cool water fountains and random little farmers market-esque tables in a sunny atrium selling anything from shea butter to orchids to "water rocks" (no idea what those are). There's your standard mall fare, too, all the usual stores and food court places. We went on a Sunday afternoon; it was ridiculously clean even though it was quite crowded. Security was everywhere but somehow unobtrusive. The bathrooms were easy to find and navigating the mall itself was a breeze thanks to the directories everywhere. The best thing, in my opinion, is the valet parking. For a $5 flat rate they'll park your car; triple that and they'll hand-wash it and detail the inside. Rock star. Again, I'm shocking myself by how much I'm praising a stupid shopping mall; we're hardly conspicuous consumers and I tend to hate buying for the sake of buying, but being in this mall was kind of pleasant. Kind of embarrassing to admit that, but there it is. It was cool and sunny and highly air-conditioned with that odd dry smell that all malls have. And my kids loved the koi pond and the four-story fountain, so I'm pretty sure we'll be back sooner than later. If you're looking for a way to kill some time on a stormy Miami summer afternoon, this might be it.
I try to avoid this mall as much as possible, partly because I usually just end up window shopping. But when the money is there, Aventura Mall is the shiit'. There are all sorts of stores, restaurants, thousands of kiosk, a gym, and a movie theater. What more can you ask for in a mall? It's usually crowded with wealthy Latin Americans (mostly Venezuelan-Jews and Argentines), locals, and a small minority of people from up North. But, there's no complaint in seeing hot exotic women from South America. Nah' mean? Anyway, overall the mall is great. I'd definitely recommend it!
This mall sums up Aventura on the whole - potential to be nice, but congested and weird. I used to love this mall because it was nicer than Broward or Sawgrass. Over the years, it's declined. It still has good stores, but it's not worth the hassle. First of all, the parking is awful. Half of the spots are reserved for valet (which I usually do if I'm seeing a movie), but I don't want to be forced into it. It sucks when you are navigating your way through the parking lot for 15 minutes, seeing a million empty spots and not being able to park. The crowds are usually rude and pushy. It has a weird Euro-mall feel to it. I am always so surprised of how unaware and self-consumed people are. How do you walk through a busy mall with your unruly kids and just come to a complete stop? A lot of the stores are expensive specialty botiques with odd clothing I would never realistically wear. Even though there's a ton of selection, I can never find anything. The food court has good stuff, but it's way too crowded, to the point that it's intimidating. Seriously, every time I go here to find a dress or cute shirt I can't find anything and leave frustrated. If I didn't live and work so close, I would be done with this mall completely. And Forever 21? Seriously? What a bunch of crap. Hand wash an article of clothing one time and it falls apart. This place is strictly for middle schoolers and costume parties. Save your time and go to The Galleria. The stores are about equal and you don't want to shoot yourself after. The only saving grace of this mall is the Sephora and the MAC store - but you can drive to another mall and save your sanity.
I am completely spoiled by NYC shopping. I like the movement between boutiques, the fast paced shoppers (of course this doesn't include times square or SoHo on the weekend).  I cannot stand Aventura mall on any given day. Sure, they have every amazing store known to man, and you can find virtually anything there, not to mention the cleanliness of the added section. It's the people who consume the ridiculously large shopping mall that make it unbearable to enter. I was shoved in Victoria's Secret by a woman as though I stole the last pair of Choo's at a sample sale. It was completely unnecessary! The food court is a mess, the kids roam around and buy nothing, and the traffic is a nightmare! If you're able to go extremely early on a weekday, you might not break out in hives during the first 15 minutes of your shopping experience. Otherwise, I say pick one store and do it all there. That's my advice.
I'm going to start out this review by explaining that I love big, busy, crazy malls with tons of stores, people, restaurants, etc. As far as I'm concerned, the bigger and busier, the better! That being said, for a big mall to work, it has to have the right department store anchors, the right huge retailers, a handful of high-end boutiques, and a few smaller, trendy boutiques. Aventura has all these things, which is why I love this mall. Parking can be a bit of a pain at this mall if you don't know where to look. In my many past years of retail management, I learned how to find great parking at malls. There's always a trick - and at this mall, it's the far parking garages near the theaters and Macy's. Zip up to the higher levels, and you're golden. I've never had a problem finding a spot in these locations, even during the busy Holiday and Back to School season. Whether I'm looking to grab a few toiletries from Kiehl's or the Body Shop, wanting to stuff my face at one of its many restaurants, or shop my heart out for new clothing and accessories, Aventura always has what I'm looking for. And in my books, that's the difference between a good mall and a great mall.
Best mall in South Florida hands down! It is very clean and new looking. No where near as upscale as Bal Harbor, but still an amazing mall. Great selection at the food court, which all have great food for cheap. Tons of stores of good quality products for people on a budget. It's always packed on the weekends just like any other mall, but the best times to go is during the day, it's never too crowded. It's three floors, has a movie theater, restaurants, and a good variety of stores for everyone.
This mall is huuuuuuuuuuuuge! As a visitor from WA state, I really had to go to see this mall. Although 1/3 of stores in the mall were too fancy for me, there were so many stores to see. It took me 2hours to go around all the stores. They have Zara, Adidas. Macy's, Urban Outfitters, Apple Store, A movie theater, Cheesecake Factory... and everything else! I had so much fun looking at all the different stuff they have. One unfortunate thing was that most of these stores have a brunch in WA, so I couldn't really find good gifts for my friends. Otherwise, I did have fun shopping for 4 hours in total. I wish WA had something like this....
I love this mall. I prefer to go here over Broward, Sawgrass, Galleria or Coral Square. It has some high end shops that are beautiful and interesting to go into and occasionally have some really great sales. A lot of specialty shops too and dessert kiosks (caviar kiosk, cream puff kiosk, french bistro kiosk...) There is also a Grand Lux Cafe here and The Cheesecake Factory if you don't want to eat at the food court, and even a movie theater (date night, anyone?) Best of all, there is a Urban Outfitters!
Aventura Mall....Disney World for women! Now this is a mall where you can spend an entire day in... shopping, eating and even catching a movie. They have everything in this mall from the high end stores to the more moderately priced stores. The high end stores include Louis Vuitton, where a key chain can set you back $415.00, Bloomingdales, Herve Leger, Burberry, etc... The moderately priced stores include: Sears, JCPenney, Forever 21 (2 stories), Macy's, GAP, etc...  There is definitely something for everyone. While I was there yesterday I decided to pop into Sears..I haven't been into a Sears Department store in years. Anyways, I went in to see the new Kardashian Collection and was not impressed. The clothes and purses look cheap in its quality, definitely not a reflection of the things they would wear.  After 2 seconds of checking it out, I left.  I did manage to get a glimpse of some of the other items that Sears had and they were kinda nice. The mall itself is awesome; two full stories of great stores. The mall has great restaurants but for those seeking a quick bite, they also have the food court. And even after a great day of shopping (tangible or not) and perhaps after a great meal; a movie awaits, the movie theater is literally within walking distance and inside the mall. What I truly appreciate most about the mall is the many choices you have. The choices cater to everyone's taste, gender, style and $$$$. The location is great and there is ample parking.  The distance, although, far from me, is worth it. Can't wait to go back!
Great mall!!!all the brands!!! But be prepared to walk..it is HUGE!!!!!!
The reason I adore this mall is because they have the biggest Anthropologie I've ever seen. I love going to Anthro and thus, I love going to Aventura. They've also got the Apple store but unfortunately you can almost never step into the store on weekends. Since it's always packed. Still, definitely a plus. There are tons of great stores. The restaurants are alright, I prefer Cheesecake Factory out of all of them. There is also an AMC and a gym. Another store I love: BCBG. And they have TWO of those. TWO. Thumbs up for Aventura Mall.
I've died and gone to mall heaven! Stopped by here with a few friends on the way back from South Beach. No one was prepared for what we encountered. By far, one of the best malls i've ever been to. It's elegant, huge, and equipped with tons of different stores to keep everyone occupied for hours. It even has a gym/fitness center! It was a Saturday afternoon, so like most malls this one was packed. We didn't have too much trouble finding a parking spot though. It  has just about every store that PBG and Town center have. So if you live in the Boca-Delray-Boynton area it's definitely worth the drive (40-45min). This mall can be an all day adventure. You'll literally shop till you drop, and when you do you'll be glad that this mall has tons of food options, in and out.
I'm not a big fan of malls, especially b/c I work m-f, so the only chance I get to go is after work or on weekends, along with most other people - which means the mall is usually packed. But, not being one to say NO to my husband when he wants to take me shopping, my options in SoFla for large malls will always be 1) Boca Town Center & 2) Aventura (in no particular order). Awesome surprise to me, they opened an Anthropologie store here - yeiii - just below the Urban Outfitters store - just below the movie theaters - woo hoo!!! So back to the mall. I like that it is two stories, which reminds me of Plaza las Americas in PR (3 stories - nice!); most other malls in Miami are single level. It is also really big, and has most major department stores. They also have some pretty nice high end stores, as well as some not so pricey shops. Definitely something for everyone. Food-wise, they have all you need. You can choose from super duper casual dining at the food court with tons of options, or a few sit-down chain restaurant options like The Cheesecake factory; and throughout the mall there are Starbucks and Paul's stations for your java fix. Parking can sometimes be a pain, but nothing a few circles can't fix. There is an area where I prefer to park and always find a space fairly quickly, but I won't tell you where it is, b/c then you'll take it and I'll be forced to continue driving around... ;-)
This mall is beautiful, and one of the cleanest malls I've walked through. The stores are typical to what you will find in other major city malls. The food court was surprisingly small, although there was a variety of ethnic food. Parking was a breeze, they do however have VALET parking.
Another great shopping center I'd frequent when I went to school in Miami.  Though not as great as Sawgrass Mills (which is why I give it one less star), but it was closer and it was indoors.  This mall also has pretty much any store you need, as well as a movie theater within it! Also, love the parking garage at this mall, it's so much fun to drive downwards on it's spiral exit thingie :)
I have a love/hate relationship with this mall. It sort of reminds me of the malls in Orange County, CA. I can enjoy being around the fancies of Miami, but I cannot enjoy being around the ghettos in Miami. I wish they had a Saks, Bloomingdale's and Nordstrom aren't cutting it for me. We need Saks!!! I appreciate the fact they've brought in higher end stores such as Louis Vuitton and Herve Leger. The mall is HUGE, everyone likes to park near Bloomingdale's. Your best bet is to park in their parking garage and walk. Bring fashionably-comfortable walking shoes if you want to shop till you drop. And a good attitude, you'll run into a lot of rich-snobby-foreigners who just spent your mortgage payment on some shoes and a purse. My best advice is come during the week, during off-peak hours. The mall is calm and quiet. You can definitely enjoy it more!
Best mall in Miami. Biggest selection of stores, nice shopping environment, great restaurants and unbelievable people watching. Great to spend some time here on rainy days
Yesterday my boyfriend and I took a little drive up to Aventura Mall and I wish that we had gone to the Dolphin Mall instead. I have never been to the Aventura Mall before, being that I have only lived in Florida for only a month now. My boyfriend said that I would probably like this mall better just because it has more of the "newer" merchandise and products. Getting to Aventura Mall is closer to where we live than the Dolphin Mall, but I think I would rather put up with the longer drive to have a better opportunity to find something I would like. Finding parking was horrible. It took a while to find a spot. I was on a mission to find some nice office wear for my interview that was this morning. I had no luck except the Express. They had a sale buy 1 get the other 50% off so I bought a few. Every other store was not around my budget at the moment, didn't have my size, didn't fit right, or not my style. After walking the entire mall we left . . .dissatisfied . . . so we drove down to the Dolphin Mall where I found everything I wanted/needed in the first place & something to hold us off til dinner time
Best Mall in Florida in my opinion. You have so many options. The location is good for locals.
I've only gone once yrs ago while on vacation, but I don't think Yelp was around back then.  This is a beautiful, good-sized (300 stores) mall.  You can definitely get some good shopping done here.  It's got the 3 dept stores I like:  Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's, & Macy's.  I could take or leave JCPenney & I'm never in Sears for anything.  I don't recall how the food court was or what kind of restaurants they have, but I'm sure it's a nice selection. There's not much more to say, but if I'm ever in Fort Lauderdale again, I'll definitely return!
One of Miami's best mall. This mall has parking always available and the new stores are always popping up. Very clean and spacious with a great big food court. Worth the drive every time.
I've been here only a handful of times. Every time I come I discover something new. It is deceptively big, and lots a high end shops. It's a good place to kill a few hours, and ogle the expensive clothing.
This place does have a lot of everything - except staff!!!  I got lost in here - didn't know there was an exit on the 2nd floor for a ground level parking lot - and couldn't find ANYONE to help me.  Security ended up being dressed in all black, no name tags, no uniforms - unrecognizable as "staff". It's very clean, but the exits are also not well defined :(
My first time walking in I said, "WOW, now THIS is a MALL!!! M = Many Mansion size stores to shop in. A = Architecturally Awesome! Organized and cool design. L = Layers or Levels. I love to walk across a mall and when coming back, I get to see more stores. L = Love it!
I LOVE this Mall! I'm not allowed to step foot in this Mall unless I have a massive amount of cash to throw down...hee hee   ;-) Window shopping here does not apply - that would just be complete and utter torture. All of my favorite stores reside here...Macy's, 7 For All Mankind, Anthropologie, Apple, Victoria Secret, Teavana, Michael Kors, Louis Vuitton, Coach, Loft, Gymboree, Chico's, Charles David, BCBG, ah just to name a few. LOL Aside from great shopping, they have top notch restaurants and the mall is just lovely, clean, and 3 floors....what more can a gal ask for really????? Themepark Heaven!
Aventura Mall is a nice mall to walk around! It is great to do window shopping and look at all these expensive and unique designers stores. You can basically buy anything that you ever need in here and more! All you need is your no limit credit card! FREE Wifi!
Best Mall in the state of Florida "Hands Down"!!! I mean I love Bal Harbour shops too, but if you're looking for everything shopping the Aventura Mall is the Best place to go! All the biggest Dept. Stores under one roof, great restaurants, movie theater, and Top Notch Shops. Unbeatable ...
I have a love/hate relationship with this mall. First the love: it's huge. So many stores. Parking is very plentiful, including regular lots and parking garages. Now the hate: I'm not one to "go ga-ga" over brand names. This mall is all about the brands and ONLY about the brands. If you are looking for what's popular, than this is the place for you. If you prefer to be a bit unique, and not buy a product just because it's the "in thing", then you will get frustrated here. I'll shop here occasionally. I'll come in when there is something specific that I need, but this mall isn't really my cup of tea.
Aventura Mall, you are the best! I love that it's HUGE and has such a neat variety of stores! 1) It's got Zara, which is just awesome. I love that it's very European. 2) It's got Urban Outfitters. How can you go wrong with Urban Outfitters? 3) It's got Betsy Johnson. Although, I don't shop at this store (out of my  price range), I love all the merchandise. I simply go to browse! 4) It's got Steve Madden, which, even though I don't really shop there any more, I still love to have a look! 5) It's got Nine West across from Steve Madden! I simply LOVE Nine West! 6) It's got Charles David. Swoon! Pretty shoes! Just so many stores, all different price ranges, perfect for anyone. So much diversity. I cannot get enough of this mall!
This mall is big, with many stores and great parking, cinemas. However - its'a always crowded - no matter if it's Saturday or Monday. I don't suggest going there for holiday shopping, it's crazy.
South Florida, although often on top, often ranks highly on cities and areas that have a high cost of living. Aventura Mall is one of those locations that provides an upscale shopping experience. There are no discounts here. If you're looking to save a few dollars, find your way to Dadeland / Dolphin / Sawgrass. I always find myself here for various stores, but rarely for just walking around. If I come to Aventura, it's because there is that one store that I need and can't find anywhere else. I've yet to find a non-busy time, so plan your trip accordingly. Bottom Line: Best high end mall in the northern part of Miami-Dade county, and you should plan to spend if you go here.
I think this is the best mall I ever been to in my LIFE! Its so big and just glamorous. They had stores in there with all exclusive things. The Aldo store was so upscale with shoes I never imagined to be in a Aldo stores costing like from $500-$2,000. Its so big you need to ride a bike through it. I indulged in the movie theater located in the mall. This was a fun to go to when I visited South Beach 2 years ago...
Not as flashy as Bal Harbour, but this mall has all of the shopping you need for a day.  And a day is practically what's needed to navigate around the place.  Zara, Inglot, Nordy's and a full array of children's stores.  Come here to get out of the heat, and a stay a bit while dining at one of the lovely well-known restaurants. 4th largest mall in America?  I can see that.  Your feet are tired at the end of your visit..but you will most likely have bags full of goodies to account for your stay.
Sephora= 1 Happy Girl.  I always load up on my Philosophy stuff here; reading the bottles makes me smile. However this place as a whole is Chaos.  This mall has a lot of great stores but is way overcrowded.  They need more security/enforcement. Annoying mall rats everywhere.  Eclectic food court.  Go early in the day during the week and you can actually shop.
I have a love hate relationship with this mall. I love that it is all in doors(unlike sunset place and the Falls), has a movie theater, things to keep the kids entertained and basically every national retailer you can think of. Now the hate part... parking is a nightmare especially considering how rude the drivers in this area (aka get out of my way I'm in a Mercedes).  This translates in to very rude, stuck up, self absorbed, shoppers.  People will cut you in line, bump into you and never apologize... yes I know this is just how Aventura is but still.... Now the kids play area is max 42 inches for kids which is about 4 years old.  I bring my niece here (because of the movie theater, Disney store and color me mine) but that will end at 43 inches.
I LOVE  Aventura mall!! I Live Sooooooo Close :-) Huge, lots of shops, good food court, good restaurants, good parking, pretty people I really gota give it to miami i'm happy with our malls!
I will make this short and sweet (well, ill try) -too big!!!! But amazing stores!!!! :) -too many people. And alot of ghetto kids with those jordan sandals and socks that are loud and rude. -always parking. If not valet is super cheap -close enough to go shopping but far enough to not go broke
Foot Locker and Puma have moved on to Winterwear. Mall music clashes with store tunes.  The three electronics stores are cluttered.  The Walking Store has a poor selection of men's sandals.  I got lost at JC Penney's since I entered at the ground level but came out on the second floor. Mens' restroom needs more frequent cleaning. Outdoor signage is too small. The Sanrio store randomly has Angry Little Asian Girl coin banks and dolls. There are a couple of kids' play areas.  This shopping center cleans up nice for Christmas.
Love this mall but it can be a real pain getting in and out. If you can be patient and sustain the frustration of the parking jams that form around the mall, this mall is worth it It has all the usual big department stores you see at all other major malls (Sears, JC Penney, Macy's, etc.)  but this mall is HUGE. If you have not been to this mall before, you will get disoriented in a hurry. One thing that I have always loved about this mall is the food court, which has a wide variety of food and is actually delicious. I try to avoid the Cheesecake Factory since there seems to be one at every mall in the country now and Grand Lux Cafe (Chessecake's smaller incarnation) FYI: Aventura Mall now has instituted a curfew where after 9:30 pm on Fridays and Saturdays no one under 18 is allowed unless you are with an parent or guardian 21 and over; this was due to several brawls having broken out where the movie theatre is
A wide variety of shops from affordable to very expensive. Reasonably crowded, but not annoying.
Love this mall! My favorite & pretty much only place I shop at. Love that there's a movie theater upstairs & great restaurants!
I always always always get lost! But they have many directories! Stores are nice mall is clean always packed! Very nice place to come and walk and talk with the girlfriends :-) shop till you drop!!!
i love the koi fishes in the fountain! theyre huge and just beautiful! this place is quite big and they have a variety of stores! and they definitely have some higher end boutiques. the food court can use an upgrade though and restroom by the food court was THE NASTIEST bathroom i have ever seen! please check with you lazy maintenance. eww.
I really like this mall. It is so large that I have never walked the whole mall in the same visit. You definitely want to start your shopping trip as soon as the mall opens, it gets really packed. My favorite stores here are Teavana and Aveda, since this mall is the only mall I have found to have these stores. This is a higher end mall, expect quality stores and expect to pay a reasonable amount for products you purchase here.
I do love this mall. Expecially now they have a sony store! But at Christmas, i've never seen a mall so decorated. At lunch, i'll take a walk to see the trains by JcPennys. Gorgous train setup. I love it! Most of the shops in this mall are for the rich an famous. Nobody wants to spend $100 on a cotton tshirt. But outside of those shops, they do have shops for normal people and even the expensive shops have sales.
We usually come here to watch a movie and every time I come here, I have this huge urge to shop since the mall is so big and it has so many nice stores.  I saw 2 Aldo stores as I was walking through the mall. It has several department stores including Nordstrom, Bloomingdales, Macy's, and Sears.  I can't wait to come here one day and just shop.   It has open feeling that I like and the the floors are always clean/polished.
How do you review a popular mall? It's a big  air-conditioned place that has lots of stores and places to eat (Including Cheesecake Factory, Grand Lux, and expensive steak restaurant, 2 great italian restaurants) that you typically wouldn't find in Malls... The End.
Very clean mall with great shops, a movie theatre, nice restaurants and a gym (why?).  My favorite part about this mall is the location. Sometimes traffic can be a beast, but if you live anywhere off of I-95 between miami and ft lauderdale it is pretty convenient. I always park in the movie theatre garage for easy covered parking.
My new favorite mall escape.  It has a little of everything and for everyone at different price ranges. From luxe to normal. This particular day they were having a chocolate event, allmchocolate desserts. Even some models wearing chocolate fashion. The mall is Huge like 3 floors. Shopping, restaurants, food court, cafe shops, movies... etc.
This mall rocks. The food court has great choices- Thai Star is really good. There are many varieties of stores and events there.  Decorations in December are amazing. I miss this mall, but try to hit it whenever I go to the Miami area.
This is a trip on itself! Being a tourist in South Beach it took me 45 min. on a scenic bus ride, but dammit- I made it! From High end stores to random boutiques, Aventura has it all for the Miami/tourist mall rat! I'm from Southern C.A. so this could be like our version of South Coast Plaza. This mall has it all! Anthropologie, Urban Outfitters, True Religion, Metro Park, Zara's, Forever 21 (Both an accessories and clothes), Sephora, Juicy Couture, Nordstrom's, MAC store, and random Euro-name brand boutiques-Just to name a few! The food court is great. Offering a wide selection of food. Although the prices are geared toward tourist (a.k.a.-very $)
My wife and I always say it, this is our favorite mall in South-Florida. Great blend of stores, nice looking mall and peaceful atmosphere. Also, check out the Friends With You playground...so freaking cool.
I love this big, clean, fancy mall. Most of the stores I can't afford to shop in but it has a great Urban Outfitters, a movie theater, the Lux Cafe (want portions fit for Goliath?) and free, ample garage parking. Even the bathrooms are fancy, marble tiled and clean. My bf and I got in a fight here once and when he stormed out the wrong door into the wrong garage,  the 16 year old mall security kid was super nice and drove us to the other garage in his golf cart. (Ever notice how whenever you're trying to be mad, you end up looking like an idiot?) Just saying.
