This is an OK place to hangout.  Definitely a tourist trap with the enclosed area offering all types of touristy T-Shirts and other over-priced junky trinkets.  Lots of places to kick-back and eat, shop, take a boat ride, listen to music or just chill-out.
Touristy. However, you -will- find a good selection of stores, and they're not too overpriced. If you need things quick, its a good place to check out. Plus it's a nice little area by the water... I recommend going elsewhere for food though - there are much better restaurants within walking distance from this place.
It's an OK place to pop in with out of towners while on the boat, other then that go south or north to btter (real) Malls.
I went here on a Saturday night! It wasn't very much fun because a lot of the places weren't open past 10:30PM. And I asked for help looking for a bathroom to find out there's only one. That's not very good! I didn't have a chance to walk around inside the shopping area because everything was close expect for the restaurants and some dancing area. Expect the crowd to be older--like your grandma partying with young Latinos and Latinas. I was happy to leave when we did because I didn't want to dance with old people--no offensive but I'm young! But I'll come back--in the daytime.
Tourist destination! But a good little selection of stores! If u live downtown is the fastest way to get what u need with out driving far!
Always something to do at Beyside, shopping at your fav speciaity store or vendor stands,eating , dancing, or just sitting by the bay to feel the breeze on your face (given there is a breeze.) Get ready to spend money and be there for hours just walking around. Great place to go on a first date or with family
Great little shopping area. Buzzing especially on weekends with all the cruise ship staff.
Great place to go on sunday late afternoon early evening
Nice outdoor mall. Not great. Small tourist stores and chain restaurants. Worth stopping in but it's not an all day event.
I'm sorry but besides the bay, I don't really like this place.  I was always curious to see what was the hype about this place. You would think from afar that inside this place would have everything( theater, walmart etc...)  They have barely any of that.  Just small retail stores,  fast-food restaurants that I was not pleased with etc.. .  They also have these little booths selling souvenirs.  This is absolutely not the place to shop for grocery or even clothing.  If you want to shop, try an actual mall or a shopping center like the Shops at Midtown.  They have a target, Marshalls , Ross, fast-food and high-end restaurants that are in development.  I also heard that there would soon be a Walmart and a movie theater.(rumors)
Was here in Late November and it was so nice to walk around this open air mall with so many bars, places to eat and cool shops.  I must say I enjoyed the Mojito Bar the best.....but this is a must see in Miami....
I decided to walk to a Heat game and thought "Oh yeah, Bayside still exists. Hmm, let's go check it out." Still swarming with tourists buying overpriced junk. If you are a local, you have to go here with a sense of humor and don't hesistate to make a beeline for a daiquiri. Cool place for a short walk, some drinks, people watching/laughing.
They have a lot of shops and live music. They also have a ship that you can go on for an hour for only $15. That ship has party music on the first floor and a bar. I don't recommend that area for kids. If you go to the second floor, you are outdoor and you can see a lot of cool sights.
Nice place so close to me, yeah parking sucks but still a cool place and who cares if there are tourists it's MIAMI lol they are everywhere !
As Sabrina, Cynthia and Gina indicated, Bayside is actually OK. Like Sabrina, I also disagree with the earlier review that simply said "nothing worth coming here for". To the contrary, while this isn't a place I'd visit on a regular basis, Bayside does have a good amount to offer. There are some decent stores of all kinds (music, clothes, shoes, Disney, candy, etc.), but also some specialty shops and kiosks that are very cool to peruse. There are also a handful of restaurants and bars (Lombardi's, Los Ranchos, Hooters, Chilli's, Hard Rock, Bubba Gump, some other seafood places, a decent food court if you're not proud and in a hurry). You can catch the "Thriller" or a few of the other boat tours here, there's a carousel, rock-climbing and other rides and activities for the kids, there's a trapeze school (yes, as in circus flying trapeze) and they have "boot camp" here a few nights per week if you need someone to motivate you through your workout. They also have Bayfront Park, where some concerts and shows are held, and this is also a good place to come for 4th of July fireworks displays, as they're set off from a barge that's moored just a few hundred yards away from Bayside. Yes it's touristy, yes you shouldn't come here when the cruise ships are docked, but overall, Bayside is fine. I sometimes come here when I'm going to a Heat game or other event at the AA Arena. We'll park early, grab a bite at Bayside, go to the even at AA, then grab a drink at Bayside afterwards while waiting for the crowds and traffic to clear before leaving ourselves.
nothing really worth coming here for.
Bayside is a good place to hang out with the family and a great spot for tourists visiting Miami. It has a good variety of shopping stores for the visitor including shoe, souvenir and children stores. Restaurant selection is not that easy, some of them are really really bad. I would never ever go back to Chilli's in Bayside Marketplace. Me and My family had a really bad experience at this place. We got there and the hostess  told us that the wait was like 40 min, then we went to sit at the tables around the bar. We ask the bartender how do we order food there and he said with him. After looking at the menu and decide what we want, I had to get up and go order the food myself. This was the first place that I had to do this.After the bartender was rude to me and concentrated in watching TV instead of taking care of his costumer we decided that we were only gonna have drinks. After the drinks had taken more time than the normal, We notice one of the Glasses had lipstick on it. I got up again and we went to the bar to tell the bartender about it, and i figured that he was gonna at least bring me the new drink to the table to me.i was wrong. He called me from the bar and i had to go there and get it myself.  After that we paid and left right away.  i strongly suggest to locals and visitors to stay away from that place.
great shops for tourist, with different things other than the traditional key chain and magnets.
Touristy...
I think Bayside Marketplace can't be beat.  If I compare it to the closest thing my hometown of Chicago offers it seems a real bargain.  Maybe I am biased because I am used to Chicago pricing, but when I compare Bayside Marketplace to Chicago's Navy Pier, it seems like a super bargain!  The parking is only $10, but is also easily accessible by the people mover.  The prices and variety of the food are really great for this type of setup.  I had a pizza - delicious even by Chicago standards - a full pizza for less the $7 and was able to enjoy it overlooking the water and boats and the Miami skyline.  The shop are mostly the touristy types, but interesting.  I think if you compare it to Boston's Fanuel Hall, New York's South Street Seaport or Chicago's Navy Pier you will really appreciate it.
:  Great way to hang out downtown during the day. Its close to the water, great places to grab a bite to eat and enjoy some drinks to talk over what to do later.
Do you want to go to a tourist trap and have some fun come here.  I have to tell you parking was an interesting challenge for me.  The meter where you get your sticker would not take my credit card.  Not that the credit card was bad the meter had a mind of its own.  So Mrs. K. came to the rescue and we paid by cash.  Whew thank you lord for cash. :) I would come here just to watch people.  All languages and the diversity of Miami is really wedged into this small outdoor mall. No need to worry about speaking the language because somebody is speaking some language someone can understand other than me. LOL!!  Did I say it was touristy?  Come on go you know you will love it.
Bayside Marketplace is not really a mall.  It's a more like a large food court that happens to have some stores on the side.  It is also a marina because it's right on the waterfront.   While this place has a parking garage, there is some meter parking on the Biscayne Blvd side also. This place has stores like Vicorias Secret, Foot Locker, Brookstone etc and also a lot of touristy type shops that sell souveniers and kiosk type stands in the middle selling such things as sunglasses or eye glass cleaner.  This mall definitely has a touristy feel to it and while there are some stores there is nothing in particular that can really be considered high end like the kind of stores you'd see in Aventura, Merrick Park or Bal Harbor.  There's no anchor store like Macy's or Bloomingdale's. There are plenty of places to eat including Hooters, Chili's, Hard Rock, Bubba Gump and a lot of small places in the food court up stairs as well as bars. There is live music playing in the middle of the open court as well as boat cruises that you can take from here that will take you around Biscayne Bay on short tours. Again, not a real shopping mall... food court type places to eat as well as some chains.
Now I may be a little biased when it comes to this spot because I've been going there since I was a little kid, but I've always enjoyed going there. The overall vibe of the place is why it gets a high rating for me. Good number of shops, restaurants, bars, music, scene of the water, Hard Rock Cafe, and more. The food court used to be a lot better, now it looks like it's deserted. One of the things that I like is that I can have a plate of food with me and I can go sit at another food joint and the workers won't mind. Bayside is a good place to go to with a small group of people for happy hour and/or after an event at the arena across the street, where you can go hang out for a bit till the traffic cools down. Plus you step outside and you are in downtown Miami where the scene there never gets old.
It's a nice outdoor mall with a view of the Marina. It's near the American Airlines Arena and Bayside park. There's a lot of history in this downtown area so be sure to check out other near-by landmarks if you're interested in that sort of stuff. Although this is not my place to go shopping, it's a decent spot to hang out and have a bite to eat and some drinks. They usually have free entertainment at their main stage. They also provide boat tours, and there's even a party boat you can hop on. There's a parking garage but this area is not best of places to go to when they have concerts or when the Miami Heat is playing. So be aware of what's happening that day, prepare for traffic and plan accordingly.
This used to be our backyard when we used to live in downtown. There is always live entertainment and it is usually really good. Best of all, it's free. The restaurants are okay. Nothing really great and definitely not very cheap. It's a great place for people watching.
Hadn't been to this tourist trap in about 10 years, nothing's really changed now. The stores are still overpriced, the ambiance is still tacky and the food is mediocre. The only thing they have going for them are the cheesy boat rides along the Miami skyline.. It's worth the trip! You get to see all the ritzy houses and enjoy the nice boat ride. It's nice for someone who is not from this area, and wants to check out the MIA.
I ended up at Bayside Market place while on the hunt for the Hard Rock Cafe. I stopped by to get a pin and was shocked at how much they had here. We decided to come back later that night to check it out. Parking on site is $15 so we decided to check out the city lots across the street. We lucked out and snagged a spot without having to drive around much. It was $6 for 2 hours and that was fine with us. They have pay stations instead of meters which is great because you can use a credit card. Unfortunately there is only one pay station per lot which leads to fairly long lines if its busy. We were thinking about having dinner here, but decided to try another place instead. I'm kinda glad we went that route because when we showed up at 8:30 pm it was PACKED. Wall to wall people! There were plenty of shops to look at, places to get a drink, and live entertainment. We couldn't get over how with so many people there weren't any issues. Everyone seemed polite and we only saw one cop all night. The shopping areas can get a little warm as each half of the complex is closed in, so the air doesnt circulate very well. Thankfully once you get past the "touristy" shops and to the actual stores they are all air conditioned. After a bit of shopping (we had a blast in one of the art galleries), we got drinks from Let's Make a Daquiri and sat down to enjoy the live music.
I give it 4 stars because I like the vibe if the place. Almost like being in city Place in West Palm Beach. You can eat at the restaurants and see the view of the water. I enjoyed just looking at the party boats that passed by as we ate. It is a lot if tourist so be careful. Def not my everyday shopping center. I wouldn't even shop just because if the crowd. Besides that, I enjoy the vibe.
I've been visiting Bayside since I came to Miami in 1994. They have A LOT of stores for shopping, several restaurants for dining, a carousel, train for the kids, pony rides, bars, music, boats that give you tours ($29-$25) and an incredible view. It's also a nice place to take friends and family who are visiting the city.
very relaxing place for a little escape from the fast pace city...
Cute little place to walk around, small tourist shops along with some name brand spots. Good place to drink with a variety of bars to choose from, food is plenty!
The mall is a very dirty tourist trap. Elevators and escalators are constantly breaking. Food court is total trash. Parking is like $20 if you're lucky. The shops are weak at best. Other then the Hooters, the chain places are horrible. Just don't waste your time here.
TOURISTy HOT SPOT What if I had limited time while visiting Miami for the very first time, I won't mind tinkering around in Bayside Market an open air mall. Twenty thousand plus cruisers every week begging to spend their $$$.
Went to bayside to have a meal and a couple of drinks at Chilis, it was easy to find parking in the garage, the mall is definitely very tourist-y with a lot of great restaurants including the Hardrock Cafe. When I was leaving I didn't have the exact amount to pay for parking and the attendant wasn't at the gate to provide change. I yelled for a help and a beautiful woman came over to me to offer assistance, turns out she was the manager of the mall and she swiped her badge and let me through for FREE?! Lol saved me $9! Thank you so much! Definitely made the mall experience even better! Be prepared with exact cash or card when paying for the parking garage!!
Came here for dinner and 4th of July fireworks.  Hecka crowded but had fun live music and party atmosphere.  Plenty to keep you entertained along with water taxis to south beach and other sunset cruises.  Tons of shopping and a huge Victoria's secret store. Carousel for the kids too and right next to the arena where the Heat play.
OK, I know all the negatives. Its little tinsel town, somewhat cheesy, rather high priced for what you get and touristy, but Duh! Wasn't it built primarily to attract tourists? And, though you may see one or two of those outdated Miami "Don't Shoot Me, I'm Not a Tourist" t-shirts or debate what does or does not constitute a tourist, the answer remains an affirmative YES! As you can most likely tell, though I'm not a knock out fan of Bayside Market Place, I am a solid Four Stars Plus fan. The setting on the water with the bay like marina, the Intracoastal and surrounding views are drop dead lovely, what would be the envy of any northern city. The shops are small, in fact some are rather cute in their own way and there are plenty of restaurants, most of them with open air seating along with plenty of people watching amusement. In fact I dare say that the people who go here tend to be an attraction all of their own.
Always came here as a kid and had fun every time.  I have taken my first dates here and continue to come here now with my wife and children.  I recommend eating at Chilli's and sit outside.  It is on the 2nd floor and overlooks most of Bayside.  There is bands and Dj's always playing music on the stage.  I also recommend
As a Miami native, I'm glad to see Bayside bouncing back. There are tons of restaurants, stores and tourists. It's a good sign that Downtown Miami is developing for the better!
I understand how some people mainly locals believe Bayside is a tourist trap. Most of the venues here such as shops, restaurants and entertainment are priced above average. However, if you go to higher end or exclusive locations such as Brickell, Las Olas or even Duvall ST. You will find more of the same. The location is mainly for the person coming out of town to enjoy some of the Miami night life. The Intracoastal is beautiful and the shot of the bay alongside the bright lights and big city feel make you feel like you're a millionaire. There is plenty to do. I mainly come here after going to the American Airlines Arena or if I am visiting one of my friends who lives in the area. I love the location, the atmosphere and the melting pot of people.
Great spot, everything from boat rides, to foot locker is here. I didn't like the sail boat ride myself but I might try the speed boat ride.. This time around I'm going to bubba gumps restaurant..
Bayside is filled with a ton of chain stores, local shops, small eateries and restaurants! There's a little bit of everything for everyone! If you're not from around town, there's plenty of "Florida speciality" stores, which is fun. You can walk along the waterfront and soak up the weather. There are many different boat tours scattered throughout, some are scheduled and others run every hour. They have a parking garage - $5 flat rate all day. CASH ONLY. Parking is also possible across the stress, under the bridges - metered and takes credit cards.
Yes. It's touristy but... It's like an outdoor mall filled with dining & drinking options, live entertainment and a mini theme park all right by a gorgeous harbor. Looking for time to kill? There's plenty to do here within this one area, will be back!
I had some time to kill in between taking the Big Bus tour and going back to LA.  Nothing special about this place.  Definitely a tourist trap because I ended up buying people souvenirs at some store which cost me over $100!!!   It was like an outdoor mall but not with the usual mall stores.  I ended up getting my Jell-O shot at Fat Tuesdays ( my fave bar in Vegas) and had snacks at Hooters.  Yes, I love their chicken wings!!!  Nice day with a beautiful view of the bay.  I think coming here once is good enough for me.
This place doesn't have the best shopping options but there is something about being on the Bay that is alluring for me. I have been to Bayside so many times and I realize that many tourists go to this attraction to soak in the best of what Miami has to offer. But c'mon, it's a trap for a reason. The environment is so much fun, which live music being heard often as you stroll around. I like getting overpriced gelato, because being here brings that yearning out from deep within. We've eaten at a few places here and while they are not the best culinary experiences, they have been above-average. Supply and demand, people. If parking is expensive, it's because many people want to visit this place.
2.5 stars. Very tourist-oriented, but this place still packs them in. It's downtown, but feels separate...I wish this place was more connected with downtown.   Lot of chain stores and knick nack tourist shops,  doubt I'd return.
Touristy with outrageous prices. Filled with chain restaurants. There are plenty of shopping options for last-minute purchases or impulse purchases. The outdoor mall does have great views of the bay and boats. It's fun to walk around if you happen to be downtown or like us, staying in a downtown hotel. Great place to kill time.
Bayside Marketplace is essentially an outdoor tourist trap mall, with a small food court and a few dining options and some evening entertainment. While staying at the recently renovated B2 Hotel across the street before a cruise I decided to spend an evening at the Bayside Marketplace. I started off wandering around the shops, nothing really impressed me since most of it I can find at home however it was fun to people watch. I stopped by The Knife for dinner, which was a welcome change of pace from the outdoor food court and chain style restaurants. After dinner I headed Fat Tuesday's for a drink, and then down to the open air amphitheater to enjoy the band. It was nice having the marina behind the band, over all this was a decent evening and allowed me to stay close to the hotel without having to worry about a taxi or walking a good distance. If you are staying downtown, this would be a good way to spend part of your evening.
A variety of shops and restaurants. Live music. Plenty of spots to grab a drink. The water is beautiful and the cool breeze feels so good. Yes, there are lots of tourists around. If you're in the mood for a cool treat, drop by Gelateria 4D. You can ask for free samples. There is metered parking and a lot. I believe parking at the lot is $10. Across the street from Bayside Marketplace, there is metered parking. It's priced according to how long you're planning on staying there. Pay at the machine and place the receipt on your car dashboard. Great spot to walk around and enjoy the water.
I like Bayside even thou I don't frequent this place much, I enjoy it. The views and the free live entertainment are some of the few things that make this place what it is. The environment and vibe on the weekends is fun. I usually bring family and friends from out of town and they love it. The wonderful views of the bay always make a killer photo opportunities. Everyone loves watching the boats pass by at the harbor. At sunset,  the downtown buildings come to life with all color lights and effects. The shopping stores are there for the tourist and every local know better. The restaurants are OK but not my choice when there are so many great places within the area. I like the bars here because the music and dancing is always going. The drinks are not all that and can cost you up to $17.00. It is insane but then again, it is Bayside. The place us locals love and hate.
Miami is a touristy town. People have called it the American Riviera and have been coming here for decades, ok  given. However, even tourist towns have places that have gone too far become too touristy and Bayside is one of these spots. It's unfortunate because it has the potential to be a cool place, with a good location, easily accessible by public transportation (which is almost unheard of in Miami) and on the water. Some tourists would like it and more power to them however, if seeking a more genuine, authentic less touristy mall this is not the spot. If seeking a place to go catch a water tour and have lunch maybe buy some souvenirs then check it out.
You know, I am going to give Bayside 4 stars because its a Miami ICON.  So Rob, I will have to disagree with you, because there is a lot worth coming here for - the VIEW  and the mise en scène in general.  And Gus, yes, it can BE a tourist trap, but its really a place that locals should take advantage of and enjoy! Bayside has so much to offer and yet people tend to think this place is for tourists only.  As Cynthia states, the locals should definitely come here and be reminded of the fabulousity!  Its extremely peaceful to sit by the bay and enjoy a world famous Daquiri.  It really is a great place to sit and talk and enjoy the company you're with.  And its wonderful to go and walk around the Marina and see all the nice boats. I also enjoy eating at the many restaurants located within, from Bubba Gumps to Chili's.  :)  And most places have a great view and outdoor atmosphere.  There are plenty of retail shops if you need a little therapy.  So walk around, explore and ENJOY!
How have I lived in Miami for two years and not walked through this tourist mecca even once until this weekend? NO idea. And yes, it's definitely a tourist trap, as Michelle C. so aptly put it. But, it is really cute, nonetheless. :) They have all the typical trappings, chain restaurants, booths selling everything under the sun, people with parrots to take pictures, shopping, shopping and more shopping! Plus a nice water view. They have my three favorite stores - Victoria's Secret, Guess and Express, so that makes me happy. :) I'd definitely come back for shopping or a nice stroll, but I've been told to avoid the restaurants....which is understandable.
Tourist trap, yes of course! They do a fantastic job marketing this mall with bringing all the tour bus's here. Everyday this mall is filled with people from all walks of life. Parking can be expensive so if you live in the area just walk over. I find myself coming here often. Why? Anytime we have guest in town it's just a cool place to take them. Besides, there are a few shops that I do shop in faithfully so it is a matter of convenience for me. Bayside does have a great view and some fun touristy things to do. Like the pirate boat. Kids love it. The shops are cool and you can find some fun things. My only complaint would be to get a decent restaurant in here. It seems that not one restaurant here can get it right. Cool place to walk around shop, oh and drink at Fat Tuesday's....good drinks!
RUDE! The people walk around with their heads up their ass... I don't care if you're a tourist or not, be aware of the fact that you have people walking behind you and don't want to have to come to a halting stop because you can't decide where you want to go. MOVE! And I went to two different places to get a drink for my son because the vending machines were all sold out of everything... Well, both places were rude, could have cared less that I was waiting for someone to ask me what I needed. Finally, I just got the hell out. Avoid this place.
Yes another "tourist trap" location, but it is a tourist trap location that I appreciate because it is one of the few places that is open past 6 PM that is easily accessible from downtown Miami by MetroMover. One half of the Marketplace has commercial stores (Gap, Bath and Body Works, Brookstones, etc) and eateries (Hard Rock, Chilis, etc.) that you would find in a typical mall setting, the other half of the Marketplace has a bunch of souvenir shops. Overall not a necessary place to stop by if you're on vacation, but it isn't a half bad place too. There's a gorgeous view to be seen and enjoyed.
Yes, it's a tourist trap. Yes, there are bums, get over it. This place is great on the weekends. Lots of live music, food, and drinks everywhere. How different is that from Brickell or Coconut Grove? The Conga Room at Lombardi's have some great music, almost like a club atmosphere and it's cheaper than most places in Miami anyways. Try it out sometime
Def a tourists place but sometimes when you go to a heat game early and your on a newly college grad budget the food court isn't a bad option to eat at or if you want bubba gump. Shopping isn't that good in my opinion but it is fun to take pictures here because the water view/night view.
Bay side Marketplace is basically a Navy Pier with better weather and more alcohol. I suppose it is a tourist trap but in Miami it's hard to tell who's the tourist and who's the local so maybe it's just a trap in general! :-) Anyways, they have your standard stores, standard chain eateries and standard water tours. What made me give this place 4 stars was the tasty mango margaritas and the live nightly merengue music. Navy Pier will have a hard time topping that! If your hotel is next to Bay side, it's definitely worth checking out.
I can honestly say the few times I've visited Bayside had to be because my family is in town. Otherwise....no Way!. I mean, yes there are a lot of stores.....a couple of restaurants...but overall...is way too tourist oriented for my taste. The only good thing about it...is that you might find some good sales, I took my family here today and found a great sale at Express. Besides that.....hmmmm....not really.
If I was a local, I could see thinking this place was touristy, but it felt like a safe environment with a large selection of food, drinks, and shops. Live music at various locations made it feel very festive. I would go back if I was visiting that area again. Dinner at Tradewinds was great. The mojito was the best there of all the places we tried. The special with mahi encrusted with macadamia nuts was delicious. We stayed in a nearby hotel so decided to go back the morning we checked out and do a little shopping (since it was mostly drinking the night before). Monday morning was ideal for walking around because everything was open, but nothing was crowded. We went upstairs to the food court. As we walked around, we had people from the different food places trying to hand us samples on toothpicks. At first, it seemed a little pushy, then we realized every food spot was doing it. We strolled and nibbled for a half hour before we grabbed lunch. There's everthing from to-die-for cheesesteaks, to empanadas, to boubon chicken. Might want to ask exactly what you get for what amount. Order the meat and two sides at the Chinese place for $7.50 and the person behind the counter who didn't speak English very well will start scooping and talking about splits. Don't just nod or you'll end up with a $14 plate, even though you asked for a meat and two sides. It's easy to get a cab to or from this location. There seemed to be one always ready to take you where you wanted to go.
Visiting Miami as a tourist, I found Bayside Marketplace to be a great location to hang out and kill the time between disembarking the cruise ship and getting to the airport.  You can walk over the bridge from Bayside to the cruise ports in about 20 minutes.  They had stores here like Victoria's Secret and Wet Seal.  They also had a food court.  I enjoyed the daquiri stand called, "Let's Make a Daquiri."  It's always fun grabbing a drink outside.  The service was quick and the drinks were strong. yay!  We ordered two Miami Vices (half pina colada, half strawberry daquiri). The bartender even took a picture of me and my boyfriend for us.  After signing the credit card slip and leaving the tip on there, the bartender came back to where me and my boyfriend were sitting and took time to thank us.  That was nice as I've never seen that before.  Yay for the great service and yummy drinks. The food at the Latin American Cafe was pretty good too.  They serve Cuban food there.  My boyfriend had a steak and I had some yummy shrimp.  Service was ok and pretty attentive, but we just wanted to relax and eat outside with minimal disturbance.  But it was still ok, we still enjoyed the food at Latin American Cafe.   Overall, Bayside Marketplace, has a great selection of shops, but the mall itself isn't anything too fancy.  It's a great place to kill time and to look  at the boats docked in the nearby harbor.
Everyone knows this place is right by the port and since it's mentioned in just about every other review, I'm not going to harp on the touristy-ness. I enjoy going to Bayside Marketplace. I live in Midtown, so if any of you out there are dreading the drive to get to some typical mall stores, this is your spot.  Instead of heading north, south, or west to get to any of them, check out Bayside to see if they have what you are looking for. I like to pop over after work on the Metromover and grab something quickly, instead of fighting the crazy Miami evening traffic. I love the view and walking along the marina. While the restaurants aren't the best Miami has to offer, sitting outside with friends is always nice and breezy. Afterwards, I always walk over to Bayfront Park and sit by the bay, especially at night. Many of Miami's bay tours leave form Bayside too. So whether you are sailing on a booze cruise or celebrity gawking, you will probably make a stop here. I also enjoy walking around on my lunch break, and while some things are overpriced, some other things can be priced to move.
My friends & I came here to do a little bit of shopping to satisfy our "mall-hound while outta town" craving and since most of the shops in SOBE are a little pricey, this spot did the trick for the day.  It was about a $30+ dollar cab ride from our hotel on 9th & Ocean each way so you may want to try to bring a few peepz to split the fare. I loved the little shops there and it seemed laced with small jewelry spots. Be careful though ladies because some of the costume jewelry was over-priced and the vendors aren't willing to go into detail about the quality so you have to have a trained eye and an even wittier CHARGEEEE hand. The variety in shops was great and we especially liked the several restaurants/eating options for it to be such a small shopping spot. My one dislike? It's closed in like a mall but there's no roof over the area so if it's raining outside, guess what? It's raining inside. This made dipping from one spot to the next a little inconvenient because there was no way to avoid it and we found ourselves going from shop to shop shaking umbrellas out before entering stores.
A beautiful marketplace that's by the bay.  Perhaps that's how it got its name?  Yes? This place slightly reminded me of Mallory Square in Key West.  By the water, beautiful views, and lots of shops and restaurants.  The shops here are mostly high-end and therefore expensive but they have a decent number of mom & pop shops, too.  The mom & pop side reminded me of a flea market.  Jewelry, clothing, souvenirs.   All of the restaurants are pricey but that's what you get for wanting to eat waterside.  Most of them seemed to be seafood-based, which was fine by me.  There is also a Hard Rock Cafe towards the end and a Chili's upstairs, but are you really coming to Miami to try a chain restaurant?   The running joke is that there are several daiquiri places.  One of the bars is even called "The Other Daiquiri Bar".  You cannot go more than 2 stores without seeing one.  There is a 100 year old tree to see and take pictures of, that was pretty nifty.  They also have a tiki-themed ship sitting by one of the docks.  There are several fishing boats that you can charter for the day as well as a water taxi that takes you to South Beach.   Overall, a fun place to spend some time, relax, eat, and drink daiquiris.
Have you ever been caught in the middle or on the fence about a restaurant or a destination. Bayside Marketplace is that place for me. There where times I really enjoyed Bayside and times when I could not wait to run out. Bayside Marketplace has a plethora of restaurants and shops. The majority of the clientele are tourist from Miami Beach, Downtown Miami Hotels or Cruise Lines nearby. There where a couple of places that I would visit for a drink and both sold reasonable priced beers for $3 at HH.  Latin America Cafe had a decent Cubano for $5 or so. Another Spanish Restaurant (forgot the name) had a nice deal for pernil, moro and yucca for $9.95. It was large and tasty. Actually it was very good. A tourist location would not be the same without it's share of chain restaurants: Hooters, Chilli's, Hard Rock, Bubba Gump and a few wannabe expensive restaurants. Bayside had it's assortment of shops from sporting goods to clothing stores to "I Love Florida" stuff shops. I must admit I was a fan of "The Knife" all you can eat style Brazilian Steakhouse. There where better places in Miami, but this place was cheap for around $25 or so for all you can eat Beef, sides, buffet and a bottle of wine. Decent deal. Beef was tasty with flavor and good. Nothing great, but good. Parking was either OK or a nightmare. During Heat games $20 plus and it varied in price with the time of day as well as the events in the area. This is Miami; you pay for parking everywhere. Overall, Bayside has some decent places for a drink or a meal. It is by the water and on a beautiful day it is kinda nice to chill and  hang with some drinks. But, that is the magic word; everywhere you go there is that hard sell for tourist dollars. It is a big pain in the butt. Parking is a pain and overpriced. Prices seem to roll with how busy the mall is and day of the week. At night it attracts a rowdy clientele with beer muscles. As you can see Bayside has two sides. During the day and early evening decent enough a destination to enjoy, but later on it transforms. Bayside then is just not my cup of tea. Day 14 - "June Challenge: A-B-C!"
Locals should come here to be reminded of how fabulous it is to live in Miami.  Grab a daquiri at "Let's Make a Daquiri," stroll around and be amazed at how many tourists are walking around GRATEFUL to be hanging out in Miami -- even if it is Bayside. A cool place if you work downtown and feel like taking a long lunch to enjoy a beautiful day.  A great place to kill a sunday afternoon taking in the scene and drink margaritas at Chilis on the outdoor terrace.
Bayside Marketplace is one of the biggest tourist destinations in Miami. I rarely go there even if I have guests in town because there is no single restaurant, store or bar that makes it a don't miss destination. It is an alternative place to dine before a Miami Heat game (not after because your parking lot might be closed). Occasionally I will end up at Bayside because it has some of the nicer national franchise stores in the downtown area. Parking in the Bayside Garage is a flat rate $10.00 on weekends. Across the street at the City of Miami Parking Meters directly across from Bayside in the middle of Biscayne Blvd, it's a flat rate $6.00. To make matters worse, there are usually local Miami entrepreneurs / homeless that hang out around the meters offering to assist unsuspecting tourists to use the automatic parking meters and may offer to sell you a partially used parking ticket for a discounted price (let's hope the ticket is for the right day!) Although I respect the spirit of the entrepreneurs, when I go to Bayside, I'm never sure how long I'll be there so it would be better to pay the flat rate $6.00 and I don't need to pay for help using the machine, especially with my credit card -- thank you very much. It's almost worst then getting gas in Miami!
I don't get what's the big hype about this place. I found it very boring. It's another one of Miami's infamous tourist traps of course. I live downtown so it is sort of nice that it is in the heart of downtown and I don't have to do too much traveling. Shops are very limited, I rather go to Aventura or Lincoln Road any day. But they do have a Hooters which is nice, and little cute shops. I gave two stars because I'm a local, and I don't really enjoy the place because it is just too touristy and not even shops for locals.
Free music + tons of shops and restaurants. I hung out here right before the Heat's game and it was more fun than just a time kill.
Well, I don't know. Maybe its a nice place to shop for tourists but for locals its not. Prices are higher than anywhere in Miami. Food is bad but beer is cheap! The views are great. Make sure to move your car out of the lot by 11pm or it will spend a night there.
Outdoor Mall. This is a must for tourists, and place to avoid for locals. If you are a tourist, this is one place you just can't miss. You will find all the fun. But, it is full of tourist, and the stores are also tourist oriented.
I came here thinking they would sell tropical fruits or watermelon, since Bayside Marketplace has a huge scupture/display of a watermelon slice near the entrance.  They don't have tropical fruits or sell produce like the Pike Place Market in Seattle, but they have a juice stand that sells sugarcane juice (sooo good!), coconut, and mangosteen juice/smoothie. I purchased several things from here and spend money unexpectedly, because some things are so unique and interesting that I haven't seen anywhere else.  You can find tons of inexpensive souvenirs here :D There was a guy in a stand near Bubba Gump that makes necklaces with customized names written perfectly on a grain of rice-- $16. Just an idea for a souvenir :)
Bayside is the best place to bring a tourist. Whenever I'm there, I feel like I'm on vacation. They have lots of stores (Victoria's Secret, Champs, Brookstone, Guess, etc.) and tons of touristy kiosks selling Miami t-shirts and other novelty items. There are kiosks for temporary tattoos and pictures with snakes and parrots. There's also an array of restaurants like Hooters, Chilis, Tradewinds, and Bubba Gump. There's always a band playing out by the water, and a great place next to it to grab a pina colada or daiquiri. There is a carousel out front for the kids, and plenty of boats to choose from for sightseeing cruises around Brickell Key and Star Island. If you've got family and friends in town, put Bayside on the list of places you must go. If you're feeling stressed and in need of a vacation, take a day and spend it at Bayside listening to the band by the water with a drink in hand.
I do not understand this place...Then again, I am from out of town. I was at the Intercontinental, and needed a place for a quick meal..did not feel like Hooters or Hard Rock(I am from out of town, not out of my mind) So I go to the food court...walked around. Everyone seems to be serving the same thing. We have 6 smoothie places, and different restaurants serving the same chicken, Cajun Chicken, Peking Chicken, grilled chicken...same stuff, different glaze Guys, how about an upgrade.....with its proximity to the water and its great outside space...Bayside could actually be rather nice
Fondest memory was seeing cruise ship passengers, who probably just got off a red eye into Miami, snoozing on the Bayside Marketplace benches (on top of their luggage) about 3 hours before boarding. Second fondest memory was one of the stronger frozen margaritas I've ever had... being served from a take-out stand (to go, of course). Go adult Slurpee's. Third memory? Lunch by the harbor, Cuban pork sandwich washed down with a bucket of Presidente beer. Just what we needed as we waited for our ride to the airport later that day. Bayside Marketplace is a super fun tourist trap (after alcohol is applied).
My family came in from out of town for the weekend and I brought them to Bayside as they requested to eat at a Chili's for lunch. They thought the whole concept was nice, even if very touristy. But as other reviewers have mentioned, it really is a place mostly for tourists. Bayside is a open-air mall, making it very hot in the summer months. There are a lot of touristy gift shops, a few regular stores (Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body Works, etc.), a few of restaurants (most notably - Hooters, Chili's, Bubba Gump, Los Ranchos). While walking through the corridors you are bombarded frequently by sales pitches for products, tours, pictures and other things. If you are in search of Miami "tchotchkes", then this would be a great place to stop. Parking varies depending on time of day, day of the week, and season. The rate is usually between $5-$20. The municipal lots across the street have a minimum rate of $6 for three hours, but those lots can be dangerous after dark so I wouldn't recommend them, especially for people travelling alone.
Maybe it's because I'm new here, but I kind of love it here. Moving to a beach city I kind of envisioned every place to look like Bayside Marketplace. I had been hearing about it for weeks and knew it was a place I needed to check out. What's great about it: -There are a wide variety of what I'll call "useful" stores to those of use who live in the area and would use this as a mall. And also for the tourist in us all, there are plenty of places to get knock off watches and i heart Miami shirts. -It's a pretty large space. Two levels of shopping and eateries. -The location is prime. - It's partially covered for those instances when it does rain. What's not-so great: -It's a tourist trap. So if you're looking for a quiet place or someplace not buzzing with people don't go here. -The eating establishments seem to all be chains so if you're looking to find authentic cuisine you're not going to get it at Bubba Gump. - Being a tourist trap you'll have to deal with the people yelling, "sir" or "miss" can I show you something, which often gets annoying if you're just trying to get one quick item. No I don't need a 10 minute massage, sir. I'm good. If you're new here or visiting definitely check it out. If you're a local (who is really?) maybe go somewhere else to avoid the headache, but I guess if you get a headache the guy who offers scalp massages will be happy.
Albeit touristy, Bayside Marketplace is fun place to drop by and spend a couple of hours to check out all the shops, restaurants, people, and live performers. You can get an outdoor table and  have dinner or grab a couple of beers at the many restaurants ranging from ecletic to Hooters. Reminded me of Fanueil Hall in Boston or the harbor area in Baltimore. So much better and interesting than CocoWalk. We got some amusing entertainment from this couple who looked like Cirque du Soleil wannabes and who did a long performance of juggling pins, swords, and fire sticks while on stilts and numerous other tricks. You can also take various boat tours out from here to tour Miami. Parking can be a pain here, especially if there is a game going on in American Airlines arena nearby. Best place for parking is to park a couple of blocks away across the street in the downtown area (or whatever it is) and just pay $1.25 per hr in those electronic meters. Bottom line: Fun time overall. For tourists mainly - well, hey, I was one so I didn't mind.
Ahhh Bayside. That infamous 80s tourist trap that harkens back to the days when Miami Vice was in vogue, Cocaine Cowboys were shooting up Miami, and every other shop sold local souvenirs (think photos of a fat lady sunning on the beach in a bikini and photos of alligator in sunglasses)  ahhh the memories!!!!! But that was then and this is now. Bayside is still a tourist trap although not as obvious as before (although when I go, I still think of the 80s). There are less touristy shops (but you can still see them if you pay good attention and they still sell the photos of the fat ladies sunning on the beach in the bikini), the guy with the parrots is still there (don't know how he can do that job for so long), and more restaurants and bars (Hard Rock Cafe, Hooters, Chili's, Bubba Gump's etc). The open air bowl still play live music, party boats still operate at night with their DJ music, and the Biscayne Bay tour cruises still operate, telling tourists which celebrity lives where (even though he majority of those houses are either in foreclosure or being sold, but tourists still sop it up)
We rather enjoyed wandering around here on a Friday night pre-cruise.  Our hotel was like a two minute walk away, it was right on the water, the weather was beautiful, why the hell not?  Seemed like the perfect place to get into the spirit.   We weren't there to shop, but it had the standard run of the mill places.  I have to say, I got a kick out of seeing an FYE Music store (I was an assistant manager with them for 7 years during and right out of college) even though it was in the process of closing.  =(  We went in, just for fun and looked around, but the temp in there had to be like 55 degrees!  It was so cold I couldn't stand it. We ate dinner, had a daiquiri, walked around, listened to some live music, took in the sights etc... Miami has a really fun energy and I can't wait to go back to spend some more time there.   I'm glad we chose to meander here instead of going to the more expensive sit-down Italian restaurant I had originally planned.  Nothing beat eating cheap pizza at a table next to some boats and some water in the open air.  I live in Chicago and can eat fancy Italian any time I want so I think we made the right choice to do what we did.   Touristy, yes, but in this town, we WERE tourists!
3 stars place, getting an extra star for the waterfront. Well, as much as I agree with the fact that this "outdoor mall" is geared toward tourists, I still have a liking to this place simply for the fact that it is a place where I can rely on to listen to live music almost every night while catching the soothing sea breeze without any hidden charge (thank you, South Beach!) There's tourist boats going out of Bayside, including gondolas, casino boats, a speed boat, and so forth. There's a merry-go-round. There's plenty of souvenirs screaming MIAMI! It can be annoying at times, and it is often packed with people (mainly tourists and downtowners). One thing I do like about this place is the Bayfront Park which is not really a part of Bayside. But you could easily walk between the two. Bayfront Park has gotten to be touristy as well, but at least there are some unique perks. Monday nights yoga, Hollywood's latest run movies outdoors (bring a blanket and other picnic stuff), trapeze school, and an airlift (not sure if this is the name) to see Miami from the sky. There is a little creek you could explore between the giant fountain and Bayside. There is also a little sandy part of the park where you could sit down on one of the colorful chairs under the coconut palms to look out to the sea. Like stated in the previous review, there's a few chain stores like GAP, Discovery Channel, Disney Store, Victoria Secret, Starbucks and whatever else. And there's also restaurants too, but most are not worth going to except possibly for The Knife, Hard Rock Cafe (for those who love HRC's memorabilia), maybe Los Ranchos and Lombardi's. There's plenty of fast food options on the second floor that you can get for cheap, to snack upon (to hold off for a better dinner meal elsewhere) so you won't starve. But I wouldn't go out to Bayside just to eat. And I wouldn't go out to Bayside just to shop. There are many better places in Miami to do those things. But I would go to Bayside for the reason why everyone fell in love with Miami in the first place - for the rhythm and the sea.
This is one of those elements that people use to define Miami.  It is where all the tourists go after they get off the boat.  It is where they spend their money.  It really SHOULDN'T be anybodies entire view of what Miami contains.   While it is more of a theme park than anything else, it is nice to walk around from time to time and its proximity to Bayfront Park doesn't hurt.
Bayside reminds me a lot of Pier 39 in SF. They are both on the bay, both have tourist shops, both offer boat tours, and both have chain restaurants to eat at like Bubba Gumps, Hooters, and Hard Rock. Now while Bayside does not have clam chowder or seals. It does have a lot of booze in the form of frozen drinks that you can drink outside at the many bars. Bayside also has normal chain stores for shopping like Gap and Brookstones. I like this place even though it is a little on the seedy side. Pluses are that I can walk here or take the metromover from my apt and when I get tired of the commotion I can go next door to Bayfront park to relax and enjoy the the view.
Bayside Marketplace opened in 1988 as part of an initiative to revitalize Downtown Miami. If you've been downtown lately, I think you'd agree it has succeeded. The location is right on Biscayne Bay and adjacent to Bayfront Park. Directly behind and a couple of blocks south is the InterContinental Hotel. Let's just say I know Miami and South Florida as a whole. That all being said, Bayside is a collection of stores, restaurants and shops all at one beautiful location. There's almost always something going on at the main stage, and nothing beats Salsa dancing under the stars when one of the many Latin bands take the stage on a Saturday night. You can come here and spend lots of money shopping and eating, or you can come just enjoy the sounds and the beauty of Miami for free. There's something for everyone, even a non-tourist like myself. Everytime I'm in Miami I have to ask myself why I live in New York City. When I hang out and dance for free at Bayside on a Saturday night, living in New York makes even less sense. Who knows what the future holds, but please do come spend some time at Bayside Marketplace should you find yourself in the Miami area.
It's a fun place to hang out. It has a stage so there'll be performance at night with cheerful people all around you. One side, it's more like a shopping mall which has all the common brands. On the other side, it has some local booths with cute souvenir and fun stuffs. We got our magnets there and one agates wind chime, which is beautiful and the sound was very crispy and lovely, feels like the ocean and beach. And drinks, music around the area all added fun to the "summer night" during new years eve time.
We are locals and live right across the street - so this review may be a little biased ;) we come here many times per week - for Sharkeys (my favorite), Tradewinds, Mambos and of course Gap (service is horrible in this location), Victorias Secret, Bath and Body, Kipling (another fav - and GREAT service) and Let's Make a Daiquiri. Yes, its a tourist trap - but i am not going to have my pics with Parrots, book an around the bay cruise or by an "Im in Miami B***H!" t-shirt. I am there to support more local businesses as well as save me the hassle of getting in my car and driving somewhere to eat or taking the metro mover to Brickell. We love bayside :) It can get busy on the weekends, before/after Heat games - horrible when Ringling Bros Circus is in town!! - and of course when there are a lot of ships in Port (i think this is the first stop for every single tourist off a ship). The Hard Rock and many of the restaurants don't care about service and quality - they cater to tourists who will only be there, for the most part, once. We have found the places (listed above) that care about the LOCALS which are the people that keep them afloat when the tourists are gone ;)
Look for some touristy t-shirts Or pick one up at the local Hard Rock Cafe (as I did for the nephew) 50/50 chance that you'll be gently assaulted by locals to check their goods But you'll get used to it Mixed with mom-pop shops and chain stores There's a bit of everything for all We were lucky with parking both times we arrived Though for most it can be a pain in the yoo-hoo If you're not interested in the restaurants Check out the food court Heck enjoy the live music as we did one night Plus the merry-go-round felt good with the humid breeze Now I know where the "love boat"-like ships pick up and drop off folks
My family and I had a two-hour break of our tour, and we killed one hour by browsing around the Marketplace, and the second hour by having lunch at the Hard Rock Cafe, which is the beginning (or end, wherever you are) of the Marketplace boundary. As a tourist, the Marketplace catered to tourist needs, as I was able to buy Miami-related souvenirs for myself and my friends. If I were a resident, I could see myself avoiding this place, but the Marketplace offers great views of the water and overall scenery. So long as one is not expecting a shopping or food nirvana here, it's a great meeting and hangout spot.
In spite of its sad reputation as a tourist trap, I like so many things about Bayside. First and foremost, the live bands that perform on the Marina Stage are great. The state is an open air set right in the heart of Bayside. The music style of the bands range from the sounds of Brazil to Classic Rock. I am truly amazed by the number people that pack that area to listen, especially to the Rock music. These, Latin people love their American rock muse, and that is awesome. So, whether i want to cha cha, salsa, or Lindy hop, i can always get my dance on. Also, for dancing  the Congo Bar cant be beat. Its an open air Latin Club with live DJ, all kinds of Disco Lights and a great Dance Floor. Get there early enough and there is no charge to enter and dance the night away. The stores are fine and i think just as pricey as those in any mall.  If you are a bargain shopper and enjoy spending the time and effort like me, to find sales you can walk away with some nice deals. Then there are pony rides, a tiny amusement park and the small but satisfying petting zoo that has the tiniest little monkeys, that are so cute and you can hold them and kiss them :) Now, Here is a great tip. Pick up the two different kinds of coupon books that are given away at the Welcome Center in the Gusman Theater. Inside are coupons for Free parking at Bayside, and also all kinds of discounts on restaurants, drinks even the party boats. So, while i do agree that Bayside is a tourist trap, i also believe that with a little effort and planning a great time can be had there.
This place is exactly what most people have called it... a tourist trap. I usually never come to bayside but when i do its mostly for dinner after a concert or game at the AAA. Theres a lot of differnet restaurants including bubba gump, los ranchos, latin america, the knife.. lots of options for dining and they also have stores if you want to get some shopping done in between. -Parking can be expensive, fair warning.
Wow,  this place is off the chain!  We love Miami!  Can't wait to come back, shopping, eating, drinking, music!   What else can you want?
This place is kinda sketchy. We went on an early morning but they did have some stores open. I was really impressed with the food options. It is really touristy but I didn't mind it. They have a lot of breakfast options and a nice open market feel. They also had a craft area with tables set up near the water. The reason I gave 2 stars was cleanliness and maintenance. We were walking on the 2nd floor and a maintenance man was dropping lightbulbs out of a lamp. Like taking them out and dropping them, shattering glass everywhere. It was right in front of an escalator and he almost hit a young girl. Uh, what?? That's a huge liability and I was wearing sandals trying to pick over broken glass shards. Yuck. The whole place was kind of dingy too.
The atmosphere is nice, but a tourist trap for the most part.  Some of the drinks were $10 each at various bars. The Latin America Cafe is horrible.  First off, the waitress greeted us with "What do you want?", which I let slide.  The server spoke to us every rudely multiple times (and we weren't asking him for anything, he was just bringing food around and almost sounded like we were begging him for food).   We asked the waitress for water for everyone and they brought out 6 bottles of water.  We figured it might be $1-$1.5 each and just let it slide.  The bill came and it was $3 for each bottle of water.   With the water, the bill came out rather high. Our waitress was greeted with a $1 tip. The food was really below average at best. The crowd there was obnoxious (maybe it was due to us being there on a Friday night) and there were at least 2-3 tables of Latin teenagers around  yelling/cursing and it made us really uncomfortable since we had a child at our table.
Forget Bayside! Why pay for parking and a very dirty mall that smells! Come shopping to New York and Jersey Gardens where the parking is FREE!
I enjoy coming here from time to time. I usually come when it's a nice and cool day. There are SO many things to do that it's hard to get bored. Yes, it's very touristy which can sway a native Floridian off a bit, but it's fine. Parking is a pain in the neck, and considering most people do not know how to drive - it can be a big deterrent. But once you park and start walking around, it's very enjoyable.
Bayside is like an outdoor version of Union Station (DC).  Few stores are recognizable but the rest are locally-owned businesses.  Of course, just like any other mall, there are booths strategically placed at the entrances of the mall.  The people working at these booths are aggressive, trying to get you to purchase their products.  Most of them are vacation package deals, tour deals and the like.  One of them is a photo booth where you can have a picture taken of you holding a Macaw, a python or a baby alligator.  And I got to hold a baby alligator.  It felt like a mushy oversized avocado. Overall, this mall is geared towards tourists.  However, there are a few stores that you can shop around.   They do have a Fat Tuesday!
it was fun ... for the first 30 minutes and everything was just kinda blah. i dont like the fact that we had to pay $10 for parking. come one guys!? we are coming in to spend money on the businesses in this lot and they all cannot chip in to ensure that parking is free or at least validated for the first hour for their customers? anyways, it was ok. i enjoyed the walk around this joint and looked at several menus of several restaurants, and goodness, pricey and mediocre. there are a couple of restaurants that looked interesting - again, pricey - but what isnt in miami?
I really like this place! I suppose I fell for the tourist trap, lol. I only came here because I was doing one of the boat tours and since we still had time left at our parking spot, we spent it shopping at Bayside. I enjoyed their little flea market themed area on the side of the mall and their actual shops. Didn't really buy anything here, but I enjoyed walking around :)
I love this place! I come here every once in a while with my boyfriend and it's always a nice date night with the music and the nice breeze looking out to the water is always romantic and relaxing. And then it's always great to get a bite to eat with so many options to choose from 5 stars!!!
Lots of places to shop! A little crowded a night but its ok.
This place wins for its great location which will always attract tourists. The shopping/food options are average at best, though. If you have time and transportation you can do much better in Miami.
Bayside is pretty much the prime of touristy locations in South Florida. I don't know of any other place more explicitly touristy. You will find two large wings of shops and restaurants with kiosks of vendors selling their wares. Besides a few "staple" restaurants and shops, most of the shops have a very high turnover rate. Nothing is unique or even remarkable. If you are looking to charter a boat to go out on the bay, this certainly is a good place to start. I'd like to define my opinion of Bayside as "Meh." (with an inflection on the "ehhh". It's better than nothing, but certainly not more exciting than nothing. Bottom Line: If you live in Miami, you should visit at least once or twice. If you are visiting, you are pretty much required to visit. Don't go out of your way.
Bayside Marketplace is a tourist trap and I wouldn't take my friends to be here. It's an outdoor mall right on Biscayne that sells alot of electic  tourist souveniers (who knew someone would want a stuffed mountain lion? or a 100lb quartz crystal) - some Floridian themed, some not so much...it might be a place I would take my grandmother or mom too if she was into seeing the typical touristy things. It's got a few brand name stores but it's mainly geared toward tourists and almost no locals can be found here.
The Bayside Marketplace was fine for wandering around and wasting time the night before my cruise.  Lots of tourist shops and some restaurants and whatnot. I must say, it had the dirtiest bathrooms I'd seen in a while.  Pretty gross.
The place to hang out and breath at downtown... very peak and noisy during weekend or holiday. Good place for tourists...
One of the better malls in the Miami area... It has live music at night and a lot of interesting stores (both chain and mom-and-pop) and restaurants.   If you are to go to only one mall in Miami, this is the one... (not like the Cocowalk that was truly a waste of time).
I consider this a tourist trap. Multiple shops with overpriced items. The food court had many choices but all were overpriced. This is only 4-5 blocks from where we were staying ... but I would not go again. Better shopping just a short drive away.
Tourist Trap! Although I'll admit, I found a bracelet that I liked and bought it, and almost bought a beaded scarf which were labeled "Shakira" for the bellydancing classes I don't take. There were some real stores, but I didn't pay any attention to them since I can find them in places closer to my house that are actually air conditioned. Line for the toilet was ridiculous, I'm glad I didn't need to go. For a tourist trap, I wouldn't be too opposed to coming back. Plus, there are party boats and live shows and stuff.
Very smokey, everyone thats there has a cigarette in there hand walking around with it.  Smoked flavored air.... Small, dirty bathrooms, had to wait in line at every bathroom we found.. only had 3 stalls per each bathroom. Everybody was tourists. Sketchy area.. we had the same guy hassling us twice to buy his 'real' parking pass... very annoying. Overall wont be going back there ever again!!!!! Aweful mall, with a fancy name & boats.... boooooooo
I like Bayside. I don't really mind tourists, they're usually nicer than the locals and they seem to mind their own business. It never seems to get too crowded, however, I've never really been there during a special event. The restaurants there don't seem to be that great. If you're going to eat there, research first. There's your basic mall stores,something for everyone. The bathrooms are always disgusting and I cringe when my daughter tells me she has to go when we're there....My two-year old calls it the "playground". She loves it, they have a carousel, a train ride, and on Saturdays they have pony rides for $5. The guys that give the pony rides are so sweet. My husband thought he lost his credit card during the pony ride and the guy helped him look for it, and then took our number in case he finds it. He was really nice. BTW- the card was in the car.....
Very touristy, but I was a tourist with time to kill and it suited my fancy just fine. Probably wouldn't go back, though. Once was enough.
My husband and i stumbled upon this place on Sat. afternoon after the Redbull Foglug (whatev) event at Bayfront Park. It hasn't changed much (crappy restaurants/Food Court, the entertainment is halarious which includes the strange people you encounter as well. This place stopped being great 20 yrs. ago. Stopped at Friday to have some Margaritas before our next adventure. Left puposely QUICK :)
Tourists!! come one come all!! Bayside is great!! tourists stop reading here!! locals, keep reading.. Ok if you're a local it's not worth it. There are restaurants that are pretty good but tip is required everywhere and because of that the service is really bad. The shops are made all for tourtists. Some of the bars are good but as far as shopping and eating it's not great for locals. Choose something else instead.
Lots of things to look at and a really good stuff to shop for as well. Loved seeing the cruise ships from the port.
OMG!!  I know that Bayside is not the greatest place to go but my man and I enjoy going there sometimes to see people and the brazilian girl that dances on sundays.(Hottie)  Sometimes we get on the Island Queen, we also have drinks from the Fat Tuesdays on the second floor,  but to us the funniest part of all is when we see this man/woman that starts dancing and inviting all the men that are sitting there to dance with him/her.  Here is a clip I found of him/her on youtube, I am not making fun of this individual but it is funny to see how we are all different. youtube.com/watch?v=kp-r…
A great place to go if you live in Miami and haven't been here in about 10 years...just to revisit.  I had a neighbor once who was from Panama  who used to come here every Sunday for the ambiance  (he moved back to Panama bout three years ago the cute hoor).  I went here on a Sunday afternoon and was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it...maybe its because I haven't done any touristy things for so long and I'm not that cool that this kind of thing strikes me as kitschy.  I wish I had more time to spend going through the shops that were presented as a bazzar.  There was great music (all I can say with my Irish ear is that it was Spanishy) and lots and lots of people (mind your handbags ladies??) I found it quite expensive though for eating.  We're not big eaters - we're tasters and I just couldn't for sake of principal spend $100+ for dinner for us all (3 adults and 2 kids)  when we can eat for half the price someplace else...so we settled for pizza (OVERPRICED...$5 a slice).  Eat someplace else and go here for the fun.  $2 a ride on the carousel was fun! But if you go here with kids and don't have a lot of money to spend be prepared to tell them NO from the get go.  Mine wanted EVERYTHING from the photos with the python and alligator to the ice cream to the flickery lighted crap that ends up in the garbage the next day. Oh and parking....meter parking was $6 for 3 hours but we got lot parking for unlimited time for $7 across the street which suited us as we had done the bayfront cruise which takes 1 and 1/'2 hours.
Located right along the along to Miami Beach and across from the American Airlines arena.  I love the Marina feel and the location in downtown Miami, there are so many shops and other things to do! I notice Bands play here, boats dock, and it is essentially a park, shopping mall and Marina all in one!  This is a place you can enjoy quiet shopping and touring Miami and seeing the sites, i like these distinct malls and parks!
A fun, if touristy, shopping place - mostly ourdoor with little stalls and kiosks.  So cute.  Loved to come here as a kid.
Great outdoor mall in Miami for tourists.  The location is great, a few years back we went to see a Miami Heat game and started out here.  We had drinks and wandered the shops.  You can find many tourist restaurants here, Hard Rock and Hooters.  They also have a couple boat tour operators that take you through Miami bay to see the famous people's homes.  I love this place.
While in the area I drove by Bayside and realized "Wow I haven't been here in years", so I decided to stop by and see whats up. I remember this place used to get crowded at night and people would constantly ride those boats there. To my surprise it was quite dead. You still have your usual audience listening the the live band and some people eating in the restaurants but that's it. By the Hard Rock they have like this outdoor bar playing reggeaton and salsa which was the only place crowded, I don't see why go there if Bongos is right next door (both places are horrible btw). Except for the nice relaxing view of the bay which I always enjoy, there was pretty much nothing else to do. I hope they do something new to bring tourist and more people, it's sad to see this place so dead.
This place is a tourist trap. Please avoid it if you visit Miami...it's kind of embarrassing.
This is a large outdoor mall that is kind of touristy, but the views are great. You can eat some yummy Cuban food, or choose from other large chain restaurants with great views. There is a huge banyan tree and the lighting at night is lovely. Here are some photos: lotsafunmaps.com/South_F…
I'd give it 5 stars but it looks like it lost its touch.  People still come in flocks but its not as vivrant and alive as it once used to be.  Maybe it was the weekend I was there.  The place is home to many big name stores as well as many private merchants who sell rare, novel, and unique goods.  The market place is beautiful in the evening and at night where it was common to find a flamenco guitarists playing live for the people off the outdoor stage/pier and you'd find a crowd swaying to the music wit their tropical cocktails in hand.  You'll find people strolling by on roller blades much similar to South Beach.  You'll find many great restaurants to have ocean-views while sipping lush cocktails and jamming to the latest in South Floridian music that is indigenous to that area.  If you are new to Miami I highly recommend at least stopping by for a few hours to sample one of Miami's well known establishments during the evening hours.   Talue'
Tourist trap. Good location on the bay  but the parking is expensive and sometimes inconvenient. You have to go at least once to find out what it is all about. Maybe take a short cruise around star island and other. It is a good place to take my out of town guests, especially from up north in the middle of February- it is then when they really get why we love to live in SoFla.
I'm not a Miami native nor do I live in Florida but I did happen to stumble upon Bayside Market place and I thought it was an awesome spot.  This is basically a nice shopping mall but instead of being an inside mall, it is open to the outside.  There's an awesome food court located on the second floor with all sorts of varieties of food.  They even have a Fat Tuesday!
Love the atmosphere. Obviously, a great place to show-off the real Miami to tourists. My favorite thing to do is eat at Chili's by the water. Or better yet, take a cigarette boat tour around the area!!!! Its a lot of fun and its even more beautiful at night. Its also really great place to spend the day and just hang out. Cant say anything negative about this place.
One miami's most famous attractions I've been coming to bayside for years back when we used to catch the bus here back in the early 90's. They have everything you need here shopping dining drinks they even have a party boat that goes out for 45 mins. They.have live bands on the weekend. It's a nice place fir a first date.
Tourist trap .. too many homeless ppl  .
It's not the BEST place to go to in Miami but it's also not even close to being the worst.  There is live music, party boats, shopping and restaurants.  It's the perfect place for families to go to if they aren't interested in the club scene.  I think it's definitely a cute area to hang out in.
A nice place to visit when you are in miami, restruants, shops, cheaps places to eat and also boat or van tours. It's always busy and live at Bayside. This was my second time visiting, last time I visit was last yr in Jan 2011. It was still beautiful. The weather was just right, not to hot and not to cold. We did a tour of the whole place, then went into some shops and then stop to do a boat tour on the island queen(check out review) afterwards we ate. A good palce to visit when you intown visiting. Parking si 10.00 so make sure you stay llllllllllong enough to get your moneys worth lol!
If you want chain stores, and a bunch of little booths selling crap  this is the mall for you.  I probably haven't been to this mall in seven years and noemi remember why! Parking is super expensive $4 first hour,mand $ for second hour. I parked on the side for $1.75 an hour.
I actually really like Bayside... I think its a pretty cool place to go for a first date or even a second or third... LOL.  Live Music, Good Shopping, Boat Rides, People Watching and a Array of Food choices... How could I possible not be a Fan???
This spot is located on such a prime location and it's a shame that they don't have quality retail shops here.  A true tourist trap.  I'm hoping one day that they clean it all up.
This is a nice shopping area..very touristy! There's live music and dancing, boat rides, and an array of restaurants to choose from. We tried this Cuban restaurant on the pier alongside the waters..it was very Miami..the food was excellent and the view was beautiful! You could watch the small boat cruises load and unload it's passengers as you eat, but it doesn't block your view of the waters. There were plenty of shopping kiosks around. You also have your share of indoor shops. There are indoor and outdoors shops. There's a nice food court on the higher level, which is very open to the outside. Nice place overall. Great place for tourists.
My memories of Bayside begin with my childhood and Miamarina before Bayside came into being. As I grew, it was a fun place to go that was close to home and offered a nice bay view. Later on in high school, it was a place to hang out, meet girls, dance, etc. Now, it is a place to bring my children to experience the same sights and sounds that are now part of my memories of growing up. While there is certainly more of a tourist crowd, there is still live music, good food and plenty of shops to while away the time.
Its a place you cannot forget to enjoy while in Miami Beach. Live music, lots of stores, great deals on merchandise, boat rides, restaurants, and the most beautiful thing... The view.
very touristy (perfect to buy those miami placemats your parents have been wanting!) and a pretty nice spot to just walk around and hang out. the live music (saturday nights i think?) was relaxing and great for those on a student budget! be prepared, however, to spend some time looking for parking! we came here last night b/c a friend had convinced us to go on a casino/party boat: horizonsedge.com $9.95 per person for a cruise including buffet and (nonalcoholic) drinks - crazy! even better, ladies were "free" last night, so we all jumped at the chance! the boat was pretty clean but the buffet selection, while tasty, was lacking in quantity (maybe 5 things on the menu). they had music, sports area, and, of course, a casino area with card tables and slot machines. while i wish there were more young people, i had a great time wandering around - the staff were really friendly and the captain gave me a tour of the bridge. HOWEVER, this cruise isn't for those with sensitive stomachs! i went with about 10 friends and i think only 3 of us made it off without puking. 4 stars for my experience - 1 for my friends'.
I like the Bayside Marketplace because it is pretty laid back.  There are shops and places to eat.  It kind of reminds me of the International Marketplace in Waikiki.  Its full of souvenir shops and flea market type shops.  As with what others are saying, it is a touristy place to take your guests.  You can also have a pina colada or drink right on the deck. I liked the atmosphere there!  They have music there and people sometime dance there. I didn't really eat there so I can't  vouch for the food there.
Great Place to shop , eat and  relax. This place great for anybody visiting Miami .  Its right by American Airlines Arena and a port for boat tours.
This was a really cool place. The shopping is right off the port so the view is spectacular. I ate at the Cuban restaurant (I can't remember the name) the food was finger licking good. We had drinks at the Daiquiri Island stand (popular mainstay) they were pretty good. The shopping wasn't that great but it all balanced out to be a great time.
Why are we leaving this place for the tourists? It has become so much better over the years and is now beautiful, relaxing and full of many different shopping and dining experiences. Parking is plentiful (decent prices depending on where you park) and the cool Bay Breeze is always refreshing on a warm sunny day. There is music playing on the main stage during the day. Sometimes it's live. The cart vendors are a bit pushy sometimes, but the shops are a pleasure.
Didn't find a lot of great shops here. Bayside is a partial roof-covered outdoors mall that can get unbearably hot in the summer as there is no A/C or fans. It is situated next to the water, but so are a lot of other places in Miami. If you're just looking for a place to walk around, there are better places to go than here. I really didn't spend a lot of time here before moving on.
tourist love bayside because its in the brochure. if youre a cubano who just moved to miami from cuba, you also love baysai. theres a big food court on the second floor. theres a little stage where you could see some local talent (and not so much) perform almost every night. the water taxi takes you to bayside or you could take it to the miami beach marina. bayside has its spots like sharkeys, where you could get gator bites and craft beer. bayside is the mangos of downtown miami. hope you dont mind tacky.
Live music, great location downtown by American Airline Arena (Miami Heat) and the Atlantic Ocean. Great drinks (a virgin drink for me). This market provides a variety of options with there stores and shops. You have some traditional stores like Footlocker and Champs but you also have some individual shops owned by the locals. They offer a speed boat ride. I went there during my vacation and yes it's worth it. I believe they share the parking garage with the Miami Heat.
Pretty cool place with cool stores across the america airlines arena. very touristy but lively with music and people.
Not really what I was expecting. Seemed more like a tourist trap. All the very touristy restaurants and little shops. I wasn't a fan but it's definitely something different to see while in the area.
Whats not to like its an outside mall with some of the best shops and great view. If your done shopping you could grab something to eat, maybe a drink while you listen to some local tunes or get on the party boat. They dint have dj khaled but its fun lol. Nice place for a day out or even a date.
A nice mall. It's an inside outside mall. Good variety of shops, vendors and restaurants.
The scenery is great and there was "live" latin music being played. Many tour boats available, which we did. My dad loved it...he's from out of town. The stores are pretty junky on the whole. Reminds me a lot of Navy Pier in Chicago.
Like it. Sitting right on the water.  Took a city tram through the hood, from the hotel in boredom, and stumbled upon Bayside.  Nice, very nice!  Eateries upstairs with dining downstairs.  Photos, exotic pets, and cruises can be enjoyed all from one place "Bayside".  If visiting, it's a must see.  Spend a couple hours people watching and enjoying God's beautiful nature.
If we had to compared to this place that rivals it in California in terms of atmosphere and crowdiness that would be Pier 39 in San Francisco.  Live music, tons of places to shop and eatery as well.  This place is congregation of tourist and locals.  Enjoy the live latin music playing all day and through out the night.  Parking is $10 dollars garaged or park outside and feed the meter for a couple hours, we did the later, it will save you money if you stay less than 2 hours.  The place is next to American Airlines Arena, home the Miami Heat basketball team.
Kim M. It's called Le Bowtique and the website is buyonlinewigs.com and phone is 305-934-0080.
This place is so much fun.  Its just sad to go there after a cruise because you will see Royal Caribbean sail away near by.  So I go there after 5pm and its very happening on a Sunday.  There is so much to see, do and listen too that there is something for everyone.
I call this the Navy Pier of Mami. A fun place to visit if you are a tourist. It is easily accessible via the metro mover. They have everything from boat rides, to drinks on the deck. There are several restaurants, and they had some great live music. A fun place to visit and they have some great views!
Touristy- not overly impressive shopping but pretty views and nice to walk around for an hour or so. We took the 'pirate ship' looking boat tour which was sort of fun and got a good look at the harbor area and many of the large beautiful houses.
Gorgeous, fun place to go, we always stop by Bayside after going to Jungle Island. I love the mini donuts they have, and the outdoor shopping and restaurants are nice. The best is the free music and watching all the big yachts go by. Parking is around $10 I believe, so make it worth while and spend the afternoon there :-)
