Everythangggg!! Stores: That is how I would describe the shops. Okay, maybe they don't have everything, but with Ross, Marshall's, Homegoods (T.J. Maxx), Sports Authority, Target, not to mention the Guess Factory Outlet and a number of great restaurants, Midtown sure cuts it close! Parking: Plus, when you have expectations for super difficult parking only to find that the parking garage is a super easy experience, I don't know about you, but that makes my day infinitely better! There are also meters on the streets so there are options! Location: The area provides a nice place to walk around (and I'm sure live considering all the new housing construction and new looking buildings). It is definitely a cute little area...if you happen to make it outside for long with all the shopping you'll want to do!
This outdoor mall would get a much higher rating if they didn't have such a strange issue with parking. If you park in the garage all day, you are going to be paying out the ass. If you park on the street and pay at the parking box one of the many meter maids is going to write you ticket, even if they see you standing at the meter box getting your paid parking pass. This is out right fraud and graft on the part of the Miami parking police, they know they are cheating people but there is absolutely nothing you can do about it. I guess I could contest the ticket, because the time stamp on the parking pass would have been the exact same time as the ticket parking bitch issued. I even  spoke with her and told her I was getting my parking pass, but bitch still wanted to get her quota of parking tickets in. Miami really sucks when it comes to anything dealing with the city and for the actual developers of Shops at Midtown Miami to not step in and attempt to deal with this just shows that they have zero respect for their customers. Why bother to go here, they have minimal clothing stores and kinda sub-standard restaurants. And those hateful Britto sculptures around the fountain make me wanna spit up.
paid $34 for parking. we got there at 8:30 pm and left at 3 am... this is the most expensive parking fee i have ever paid and the elevator was broken.... shame on them... i will never go to this mall ever again. all the businesses should move out of there... no valet no ac no carwash
I can honestly say that I love this area! The Shops of Midtown have nearly everything one could look for. Here you can shop for anything ranging from an outfit for a night out on the town or a toy for your dog! Speaking of night out, come on a Friday or Saturday and there are plenty of options for those in search of libation. In fact, come  any night of the week! Multiple bars and fancy restaurants make this a great location to switch things up with a loved one or just a group of friends. Come explore a new and up and coming part of the city!
This place is a great place to go to whether you're trying to eat lunch or dinner. There are many places to choose from when it comes to eating. There's a Target (my favorite) and other big name stores like Homegoods, Marshall's, and Guess. There's a few bars to grab a drink from as well but none that really keep bringing me back. Although parking is not free, parking is never a hassle and relatively cheap compared to other shopping malls that require you to pay for parking.
I remember when I moved to Miami, the Shops at Midtown was the first place I was able to memorize how to get to from my apartment in Brickell. I love coming here because, seemingly it had everything I needed. Now that I've put in some time in Miami, I feel like there is still a lot to be desired here. Don't get me wrong, I really like the Shops at Midtown. I mean, there's a Target there. That has to be worth a star or two already. I think my chief complaint (other than parking which we'll discuss) is that compared to the abundant food choices, the shopping is really not great here. The only actual clothing store (not department store) is Guess. Can't we get a Gap or a J. Crew in there? I feel like it's a perfect area for people to clothing shop, why isn't it being utilized for that? Now there is Ross, Marshalls, Pay-Less, and of course, TARGET so you're not without. Like I mentioned earlier, the food is on point here. If you can't find food here, then goo luck to you. Parking is an issue here. The garage used to give you the first hour free, now the first hour is $2. Not a lot, but when you're used to not paying it is a nuisance. The street parking is great- if yo can find it. Make sure you pay the meter though. I still frequent that area to this day even though I don't live near there. I mean, there's a Pinkberry, why wouldn't I want to go there?
This place is blowing up! It is truly becoming a new staple for Miami. It has big archers like Target, Home Goods ( my fav store)  and Petsmart as well as smaller stores like Guess and Torys R us. No theater - a star :( and not a ton of shops they lost Lomens - star. Its has an over priced nail salon Marilyn's and an epic Hair salon (Bleach)  and Blow which is just for blow drying and styling hair no cuts.. They also have a cleaners and a pole dancing exercise studio which is rad. However it is very convenient and has great restaurants and bars. Gets really busy on a Saturday night. It is such a fun place to be and it is growing!
Midtown is a nice place to visit. It honestly is. It's honestly become a little less attractive to locals due to changes in parking rates and cycling out of places. But I do still enjoy it. It hasn't been taken over by the hipsters invading the local art district. It has a lot of great places to eat and it's cool at night.
One of the best areas of the entire city. Anchored by a huge Target, though the cloud of a looming Wal-Mart could change everything about the Midtown Shops. Otherwise, you can do it all here: eat breakfast/lunch/brunch/dinner, shop for the kids, have drinks, lounge, get home furnishings, drink wine, buy sneakers, get copies made, hell, you can even live in one of the high rises (with several more on the way). Didn't like the once-free parking garage chafing to a $2 standard charge but the price of everything, everywhere, is going up. As long as the shops/area stays high-quality, I wont complain about having to seek out street parking when I come around.
Attn: Parking Manager Cindy, The stores are 3 star the parking garage is ZERO stars because they are runnign a shake down. Last 3 times I visit the parking garage exit pay gate is broken and several parking pay machines out-of-order. The parking garage is un-manned and the parking office is a hidden door. In one instance I paid twice, when I tried to exit out the gate the parking machine ate my ticket and parking office made me hand them over cash (no credit cards taken , they say its a company policy).
Oh Shops if Midtown, how I once loved thee. With your mixed use commercial and residential spaces, variety of eateries and places to shop, it's a shame you have now turned to greed by forcing us to pay to park. I would frequent your little shops and large department stores, but not any more. If I were a small business owner that relied on customers such as myself that came to grab a quick bite to eat, I would be furious as I am sure this new policy is hurting them. So I am doing the only thing I can do. Boycott and write a 1 star review. I do not plan on returning here any time soon.
This review isn't about the midtown Miami shops as a whole, but about the cellular repair stand across the street from Homegoods. I am currently visiting Miami from Dallas, TX and needed to get the button on my iPhone replaced. My boyfriend and I approached the woman working the stand earlier today and asked how much it would cost and she quoted me $35 which was cheaper than anywhere else so I told her to go ahead and fix it for me. She fixed it in about 25 minutes but then the problems started. I went to pay her with my visa and she informed me they only take cash. (Already sketchy) so I walked around trying to find an ATM, which I eventually did and came back for my phone to overhear her telling another woman asking about a phone case that they do indeed accept visa. I asked her about it and she fumbled around trying to find an excuse, which she was never able to produce a good one. I might not be from Miami but I'm not an idiot and I knew exactly what she was trying to do. (Pocket the money). I asked her for a receipt, which of course she couldn't give me. I know these types of things happen quite often, but she was extremely rude and quite frankly blatantly stupid to steal my money right in front of me. My advice to you... Do NOT give this kiosk stand your money.
Really lovely outside shopping area with everything you need and a bunch of stuff you never thought of, but can't imagine living without now.
I got surprised by the parking charge too.   It used to be free for the first hour.   To add insult, only one machine was working.   The only machine working wouldn't take my $5 bill, so I used a $20....only to get back 18 dollar bills back.   I'll be going elsewhere to avoid the hassle of this place.
I really don't know what has happened to this center.  It seems to be mainly subpar mediocre restaurants now...with the exception of Salumeria  and Sugarcane.  Definitley seems overpopulated with restaurants.  I thought this was supposed to have more shopping.  I think the only store with clothing is a Guess Outlet?  Uh, no thanks. I liked being able to pop in on a weekly basis to pick up some things at Target; however, Parking for the 1st hour is NO LONGER FREE!!!   Novecento and Baru Urbano are open or are opening soon.  Now the focus is on more nightclubs or bars....I already have those places in Brickell so no reason to make a trip north. In summary, subpar shops, overpriced parking, manufactured atmosphere and nothing really special to bring me back.
Shops at Midtown are great. However parking is another issue. My husband and I got to Midtown and did some shopping. Then we went to Bar Louie and did some eating and drinking. When we left 5 hours later out parking was $22!!  That's insane. I called the parking company and I was told that anything over 5 hours was $22. However the sign at entrance said max rate $10. Very rude on the phone. Obviously we had to pay it or wouldn't have gotten car out. Not sure is we will repeat our weekly lunch and shopping here again. Definitely not worth it.
I can not begin to describe how much I enjoy the shops at Midtown! Between Target, Guess, Vintage Liquors, Homegoods, Party Store, Marshall's, Ross, and of course all of the restaurants this shopping plaza has a great selection and so convenient. Literally, ten minutes from downtown, nice condo building's, pretty to walk around shop, eat, or hang out at a cool bar that recently opened. My bi-weekly trips consist of Target for cleaning supplies, laundry, etc...then I usually walk around and visit other stores and grab a bite to eat,  You also have coffee shops, and yogurt shops, so the sky is the limit of just enjoying a full fun day. Not only is it very pretty to walk around if you have out of town guest, it is a great place to take them.  My father in law loved the area and now wants to move here.  Ha ha he said it reminded him of little town's in Italy, with all the outdoor seating and all the great places to visit. I hear the Walmart is going in, and this makes me sad, why?  They already have a target which IMO is ALL that is needed.
This place continues to impress me. They are adding more establishments every time I visit I want to come back. We usually go in Saturdays to chill and get some food which they choices are pretty good. Wether you want to go there or a nice dinner or a chill shorts and sandals type a place. One thing I am disappointed with, is that Ricochet sold out the the overpriced, idiotic Baru. I really dislike those folks. Again, awesome place.
Great location, nice variety of shops and restaurants. Not too much Miami trash so it feels safe. Looking forward to going again soon!
What a hip and active plaza.  I have passed by here many times on highway 195 on my way to South Beach and knew there was a bunch of popular restaurants.  As much as I have been tempted, I have always continued onto South Beach and passed this up.   Finally I had reason to be here when we parked here to visit some of the local exhibits and galleries during Art Basel.  I really liked the layout of the plaza and the variety of stores and restaurants was a plus.  We even managed to try Sakaya Kitchen while here. The only downside was the parking garage.  Forgetting the 30 minute nightmare to exit (due to the over-crowding that comes with Art Basel), the cost to park here is ridiculous.   I don't know if anyone else made the same mistake as me, but I read the pricing board when I pulled in and understood it as "free first hour, then 3 dollars after two hours and then a jump when you hit three hours and so on" and I thought the numbers were the total cost when actually it was "free plus 3 plus the third hour plus the forth...." It ended up costing 20 dollars for a few hours.  I KNOW EXPLAINING IT HERE IS MAKING ZERO SENSE..... AND THAT'S EXACTLY WHY THE SIGN POSTED IN FRONT OF THE GARAGE MAKES NO SENSE. I have no idea why but the automated payment machine near the elevator wouldn't take my credit card. And then then a second attempt at the automated machine at the roadway exit wouldn't accept a different credit card.  Luckily parking attendant was there because it was so chaotic with cars exiting, they lifted the gate and said don't worry about it.... HORAY TO FREE PARKING !
Here comes that one person to leave the first negative review in the hopes that the reality of this place will sink in to even a few people out there. I was living in another state for a couple of years and this all got built in the short time I was gone. Last night was my first time here since coming back to South Florida. Let me start with your garage parking. One can't help but notice, there are several openings to get in and only one vehicle can exit at a time. Whomever thought of this should be fired and have their architecture license revoked. It took me over twenty minutes to exit; dodging cars, pedestrians, waiting for folks that didn't know you have to pay beforehand and more. I stopped looking at the time by then to avoid myself from just leaving my truck in the middle of the congestion and walking out. If you absolutely must come to this "place" because it is the closest to where you live with these shops, keep in mind one must pay to park at a futuristic talking machine before exiting. The only logical conclusion I have to this is an an obvious effort to save money from paying employees to do the job of a machine to exit. Completely illogical and I don't want to be here during the Christmas rush. Since I've been back to South Florida, restaurants have opened and have gone. This almost seems like a test spot for restaurants. Some have left the area altogether after being here. Some have indeed endured the test of time. You will find popular chain stores here which you will find anywhere else in South Florida. Other than a few restaurants, nothing you won't find just about anywhere else. This was obviously built in the hopes to attract new residents to a once decrapitating area. The ghetto, down the street, is somehow cleverly contained to their area. I couldn't manage to figure "how" this is being done with it being across the street in some areas. Which, brings me to the unrelated high-rise luxury condos surrounding this "place" with a lovely view of the ghetto. It is obvious Miami is having a hard time filling these places-up. These being the home of the future clientele of these shops. They were desolate and dark. I can't comprehend any locals purposely coming here to shop with so many other options which abound in South Florida. (Update: 10-29-13 - There was another paragraph previously here about some old buildings in the area being knocked down. I deleted it today after I realized I was in the wrong section in my mind. Those building are still there northeast of where Midtown is today. Sorry, it really changed that much since the last time I was there)
Miami is up-and-coming, and the Shops at Midtown have been  a phoenix to one of the more up-and-coming hipster areas of Miami: Wynwood. This shopping mall has everything: - A Target for those looking for everyday items - A two-story Marshalls for budget clothe shoppers - A parking garage where the first hour is free - And amazing eateries (Sakaya Kitchen, the Daily Melt, Bar Louie, and the rest I still have to explore) If you are walking around Wynwood, I recommend you visit this shopping center for a bite to eat or just sit down. It's worth taking a day to shop around.
I love love love coming here! So many places to eat, and shop. The target is great, home goods, Marshall's, Ross, loehmans, west elm, and so much more. Pus not to say they have about 30 different places maybe even more to eat! Parking is easy either the street, or the garage  there are a few t choose from. If you haven't been check this place out and all the restaurants have outside seating. The area is also super dog friendly! Cheap Eats in MIDTOWN * Angelina's * Brooklyn Water Bagels * Primo Pizza * Lime * 100 Monatidios *Five Guys *Sayaka *Muscle Maker *Giraffas *Egyptian Pizza *Hurricane Grill * Cheese Coarse Gragage parking FREE first hour then $1 after. Cheaper then street parking at $1.75 per hour.
I love The Shoppes at Midtown! This Little Shopping Center has so much to offer and is super convenient if you just bit the bullet and park in the parking deck. There is new great restaurant every month opening up and most are pretty affordable. Mercadito, Sugarcane, Montaditos, Egyptian Pizza, The Cheese Course, Primo's and Sakaya all within blocks of my house!! Can't wait to see what other restaurants are in store for us Midtowners. My only gripe is that the park is still under construction and becoming a buggy mess. I know almost all of the shoppes are rental out,s o what's the problem Mr. Developer? Oh and the dog poop issue. I have dogs myself, but I try to be a good neighbor and pick up. Since apparently no other residents care about this, maybe there should be a poop patrol to help alleviate the problems.
I dread to see where a Walmart is gonna fit in the mix but I love my shops at midtown with my favorite store being Target (where using their Red Card credit card and my own coupon collection continues to save me big bucks - just this particular visit I spent $261.00 but thanks to the Red Card 05% back and my coupons my total was $188.00!!).  I also like the Marshalls and Lime and generally just walking around this friendly shopping mall.
Boycotting Midtown!!! $2 parking was sneakily added! I've been coming here since it opened. I've been going to Target since it opened. I've been going to Moloko for months. I love this Petsmart. With nary a warning, the free hour of parking is gone. Now they want $2 just for driving into the lot. That's unacceptable and there are other options. Until this is fixed, I'm not going back to midtown and won't set foot in any of the shops there. We used to come here in groups of 10+ for work lunches. Not anymore!! If I could give 0 stars I would.
This place is poorly managed. Parking is now $2 for the first hour and don't expect to be in and out. Machines are constantly busted. Recently waited over 20 min in line just to exit. If you're going to come here, spend the extra time looking for street parking.
Never really have been coming here as often as I have been lately. The midtown area in general is not all that great besides this area where all the shops and restaurants are. But, all this place is really starting to grow on me. I am loving it so far!
The shops & restaurants are pretty good.  However, getting out of the parking garage is horrific!!  In true Miami fashion the people leaving don't care how long they hold up the line. They don't pay at the payment machines that are located in various, convenient places.  Therefore, they are at the exit gate for several minutes making those behind them wait while they fumble around looking for a credit card to pay. And now, they have raised the fee to $2 for the first two hours. You aren't even given 30 minutes free!! I'm going back to a place where I can get some free parking and not have to wait in line behind rude Miami drivers.
The Shops at Midtown, after having modest and inauspicious beginnings (probably on account of the real estate disaster that so rattled Miami), has really come into its own of late. Aside from the sprawling and ornate high rises towering over the open-air shops, a broad array of stores and eateries have begun to pop up and add to the flair that makes midtown so great. Put simply, the Shops at Midtown are kind of what downtown should be: clean and eclectic without a faint and pervasive smell of urine. With eateries like the Cheese Course, Five Guys, Lime, Sakaya, and 100 Montaditos, you've got just about everything you might want covered. You can grab a drink at Wine Vault or the soon-to-open World of Beers and then head over to Target for some fruit snacks. (Come on. You know you love fruit snacks.) And if you need to stock up your bar at home, Vintage Liquor is THE place in the area if you're looking to explore beyond Budweiser and Captain Morgan. I totally did the Shops at Midtown, and I'm always excited when something new opens up. You should be, too.
Consumers paradise. Better yet, it's the Bal Harbour shops for the proletariat. You walk in, you consume, you walk out, you're... a robot --- maybe you're next stop is Neptunes. Free parking for the first hour.
An purpose-built hipster hangout with chain stores and really plain architecture. Ironic, huh? OK, I admit the Target is cool looking on the outside, but watching some parents let their kid piss next to the front door (steps away from the bathroom, mind you) kind of scarred my image of it. Earth to average local resident: we do have improved sanitation in Miami, even if it sometimes seems like a place that wouldn't. It's very interesting how this shopping center, like Miami in general, combines bland with bizarre. The saving grace of Midtown: area restaurants are well above average for Miami standards. All and all, I would probably call this a place to avoid if we were somewhere else, but we aren't, so enjoy some of Miami's best semi-eclectic restaurants and buy yourself a new soap dish at Marshall's after.
Fantastic restaurants, management, cleanliness and access.
Enjoyed our first time to Midtown today.  Parking was expensive, but what can you do.  Had a couple of beers at World of Beer and checked out the many stores.  Overall, the wife and I had a nice time.  We'll definitely be back.
I'll say the bad news first: parking is a pain. Hence, the -1 star. Other than that, it's pretty awesome! I would have never come here if it wasn't for 100 Montaditos and their store selection is great- has many big-chain store and other stores that aren't so popular as well as pretty great restaurants. There are open spaces available and it looks like there are going to be a lot of new places opening up soon (like World of Beer which apparently is heaven on earth- or at least my boyfriends fraternity would like to think so). I look forward to going back and being able to write an update letting y'all know if it's worth the trip for a girl that calls Kendall her home
The Shops at Midtown are cute.  It's in the heart of downtown Miami, just down the street and a few minutes away from AAA.  It's basically an outdoor mall, in the middle of downtown.  It has cute shops and restaurants.  The restaurants are more lunch type restaurants, although you could have dinner there, but I wouldn't consider it to be fine dining or anything.  It's mostly casual restaurants.
This place keeps getting better. I've watched it grow since it was under construction. Now there are many beautiful shops, restaurants, and cute kiosks outside, as well as big chains like Target, Marshall's, and Ross. It's a shame that Linens and Things is no longer there. Parking is free for the 1st hour.
This place has a wide selection of stores, bars, and restaurants.Private lot to park your car as well as street parking. I love the selection of  restaurants and bars that are not Chain Places. I love supporting neighborhood spots.
When your bored of your old mall routine stop by Shops at Midtown. I strolled to this area because my salon I go to Nue Salon Studio is here. The parking is quite easy because there is a large parking garage about $10 on average. They have some clothing shops....not too much. I enjoy more boutique unique shopping. There is also Ross, Target, Guess and Home Goods. Im looking forward to more boutiques coming in the area.  There is also super trendy restaurants like Sugar Cane, Mercadito, Cheese Course and 100 Montaditos. To complete this area I suggest a movie theater and maybe more trees in the park area. Look forward to seeing what new venues come into the Shops at Midtown.
This place is convenient.  They have a selection of store, restaurants, bars, and shops.  The parking can be a pain and some stores may be difficult to find.  They have a store guide outside but I only know of one.
Parking is kind of a pain - hate the Target here, but if you live in Downtown you really are stuck. The shops that they offer are hit or miss (Ross/Marshalls DEF a miss - inventory is heinous, people are rude). West Elm is nice (but a hike from the parking garage) and it is rather too spread out to be convenient.
I agree with the boycott.  What's with the $2 parking that they sneaked in?  I was only there for 1/2 hour.  That comes out to $8 an hour.  Everything I saved at Target was eaten up by the parking charge.   I'm avoiding that place from now on and if I have to go there for some reason, I'll park on the street
Love this area. Great stores, and restaurants. Place to spend a friday night or a sunday afternoon. Its clean and safe to walk around and check everything out. Some very great restaurants *cough* Sakaya *cough*. Target, Marshall, Home Goods, Lohemans, Guess. 100 montaditios, sugar cane, Sakaya, Salumeria, Cheese course.  The lists go on but its a great place to explore. I am here quite often. Just make sure to PAY FOR PARKING, and make sure your tag is not expired , I got a ticket for that once Grrr.
Me encanta!
Great places to eat with Restaurants and Bakeries everywhere.
Love this place because you can shop and grab a bite to eat in one stop. This place is very family friendly.. The only thing I don't like is the parking.. Parking on the road is annoying and now you get charged a min of 2 dollars just for a 15mins run into target.. This is annoying.. This is why 3 stars instead of 5
This place is a beautiful open air shopping experience. The nicest by far in dowtown  Miami. There are lots of restaurants and shops. The food has been amazing so far and the bars are fantastic as well. Very cool downtown hangout at night and fantastic shopping by day!
I should have made a review about this place earlier.  It's about TIME they made a mall in central Miami-Dade. Well, it's not really a mall, it's a shopping center. Now we central Miamians don't have to drive all the way to Aventura or Dadeland mall.  We have just about everything just a few blocks away from us.  Great fast-food and high-end restaurants and good selection or retail stores and growing.
