Dadeland Mall is great despite drivers not knowing how a 3 way stop works. People must be high off shopping or something because I've almost been hit by drivers at the stops several times. Get your hand ready to honk your horn. The food court is pretty good. Tango Grill, Mandarin Express, Sarku Japan, and Cajun Grill are usually handing out samples of chicken. I personally like the Mongolian Chicken at Mandarin Express (sweet, spicy and totally unhealthy) and Cajun Grill's chicken. It's nice that you can walk on one side of the mall and go in a circle basically and hit all the stores. The mall isn't too big or too small. The two Macy's are separated. The children and home Macy's are at the other end. The new mall wing with Tesla and the new restaurants are a really nice improvement, classin' the place up significantly.
MALL IS NOT A MALL UNLESS... It happens to be South Florida's Dadeland, Aventura or Sawgrass Mill. Let's just say it's a woman's intuition.
I hate malls but this one has a great range of stores mid priced and some fancy, it has my two fav sephore and Zara.  It is clean, they have valet, the food court is decent. The bathrooms could be cleaner, the parking garage elevator sometimes sticks super scary always take the stinky smelly stairs. So the layout is like a maze, lots of walking, but once you know what stores you need you can try to park close to them. The parking is a mess but if you circle enough you will find what you are looking for. Remember shopping is a tactical operation it's all about logistics. I have been here enough that I can get in and out fast. Oh and they have a Chick-fil-A who doesn't love that?
I've been coming to dadeland mall ever since I live in kendall (5 years) let me tell you, I haven't appreciated dadeland mall as much as i do now. The mall is very crisp, modern, clean lines and colors. You feel like you're shopping at a high end place. They have added a new terrace dining area that's really nice. They even have bobby flays new restaurant there.
Okay let's first remember it's Kendall, and we have come a very far way so far with the food scene and places. Earl's is a welcomed addition much like Devon's. I can deal with some imperfections not to have to deal with the drive and attitudes of the beach or midtown!
I've been coming to Dadeland Mall since I was 10 years old.I like it more than the Falls because it's inside and is way bigger.It has a Macy's,Nordstrom,JCPenney,Saks Fifth Avenue,Cheesecake Factory and so much more.The mall gets packed on weekends I love the Food Court.It has a JOHNNY ROCKETS,Sarku Japan,Churro Mania and much more.I love this mall
This mall is HUGE.  This is our third year in a row to stay in Kendall but the first time visiting Dadeland Mall.  This is THE MALL to visit.  I was surprised by how many high-end stores were here.  Everything from LV in Nordstrom's, to Zara, to Tesla... we didn't have enough time to walk the entire mall because it's so huge.
You're never going to believe this but this mall, Northside and The Mall at 163rd, were once identical. An open air small mall with one big anchor store. You would never know this because of all the expansions this mall has gone through since its inception in 1962. Up until about the late 70s, this mall was the edge of the Everglades, literally. Just about everything west of the Palmetto Expressway was built well after this mall was erected. Unlike the two other malls before mentioned, this one had the room to grow and grow it has. Even more recently the section I was in just last night. In unrelated this and that's...it's no secret that Kendall doesn't like Hialeah and vise versa. It's a little rivalry known mostly by Our Schools and Locals. Look, Hialeah was here first. So, you may have newer homes and whatever but, Hialeah is better. GO T-BREDS! (looks outside his window to make sure no "Kendallites" are outside waiting to fight after typing this) Anyways, as much as I hate to admit it, they have done a very good job with this mall. The problem is, finding parking where you like. Even with the garage parking you may not park where you would like. For me personally, it makes no sense to come here to shop. For me it's easier to go to another mall with the same stores. Except for a couple of restaurants and stores, you will find the same things at any of the myriad of shopping malls that abound in South Florida. Some information you might find entertaining, useful and blah, blah, blahs: * Kendall is the known area for Colombian-Americans. We are very diverse here in South Florida. Many other Hispanic-Americans but, this is the known "Colombian Area." * Kendall is part of Unincorporated Miami-Dade County. Not even Miami, UNINCORPORATED MIAMI-DADE COUNTY! TAKE THAT! GO T-BREDS! (jumps up and down) * This mall has been used for several movies. * Kendall has tried many a times to be incorporated as Kendall, the city. Politics and money are behind it not happening. It may happen next time around since it's being talked about again. GO T-BREDS! * After Hurricane Andrew, Kendall and everything not far southwest/west of this mall, were the areas severely impacted. You can't even tell anymore since the area has grown quite a bit since 1992. Not all but, most of the tall buildings you see across from the mall are very new. Except for a couple of buildings in their "Downtown," none of that was there until recently. Downtown? Yeah, whatever...GO T-BREDS! * If you're coming to this mall using the Palmetto Expressway from up north, take the Metrorail/Kendall Drive exit (left.) Although you will see Macy's right there, you would need to drive around the entire mall to arrive at the main entrance to Dadeland Mall on Kendall Drive. As of this review, there is no direct access to head eastbound on Kendall Drive from the Palmetto Expressway. * Metrorail would be a wise option if you need to come here. The station is not far from the mall and access has been made simpler through the years. The station would be Dadeland North. * Valet if possible. You will save yourself a hassle. * This is one of the more popular malls favored by tourists. * GO T-BREDS! Btw, "T-Breds (thoroughbreds) is the Mascot for Hialeah High School.
If you're shopping for high-end merchandise,  this is a great mall.  Parking is sufficient, great selection of stores ... Nordstroms, Saks...& the Cheesecake Factory is def 5 stars!!!
Being a guy i don't get caught up in all the fancy smancy stores. When it comes to a mall I want to see 3 things. I want to see (1) cleanliness, (2) how easy it is to get to/find a particular store (3) sitting/lounge areas. This mall had those things done well. This ain't no top of the line fancy smancy spot, but it is nice and appealing, and hosting Florida's largest Macy's is also a plus!
I never been a big fan of Dadeland Mall. Although I do love the Guess store there and the Macy's there have quite a selection. It's just always crowded, parking is horrible which forces me to always valet and those annoying kiosk ppl get on my last darn nerves!   Of course Cheesecake Factory is there so that's one of the reasons besides going to Stride Rite for the baby's shoes. Other than that, there are good stores in there to choose from and go through as well as decent places to grab a bite. ***Word of advice: DO NOT GO TO THE CREPE MAKER!  THEY HAVE A ROACH INFESTATION GOING ON AND I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT THE BIG ONES EITHER!***
Dadeland Mall is perfect. It's not too big, it's not too small. You'll see less frantic shoppers here lugging gigantic suitcases here than Dolphin Mall. I love that it's mostly one story and has a bunch of stores I like visiting. There is a mix of regular mall stores (Banana Republic, Zara, J Crew, Victoria's Secret), department stores (Macy's, Nordstrom, Sak's, JCPenney) and fancier stores (Rolex, Hugo Boss, Porsche Design, Michael Kors, etc). Parking is not an issue if you avoid the small lots near the main entrance of the mall. The main entrance (located in the south side of the complex) faces SW 88th Street. For me, the valet parking is unnecessary. I never thought I'd say this, but I like the food court. Several of them usually have sample people ready and waiting with trays filled with tiny little plastic cups with a piece of chicken or two. The bathroom at the food court usually smells pretty bad. I wish they had better ventilation in there. If you're looking for restaurants, then Dadeland Mall has The Cheesecake Factory, Bobby Flay's casual burger place, Earl's, Aoki (nicer version of Benihana?), Balan's, etc.
This mall is the best mall in Southern Miami to do some wardrobe adjusting at, there is everything from a JCPenny to a Saks 5th Avenue.  It's where the Macy*s flagship store of Florida is, meaning if Macy*s sells it, it is going to be in this store.  As for the other sorts of retail there's the GAP trifecta with Old Navy across the street, a Coach & Tumi exclusive stores, a huge new Victoria Secret, and a Nordstrom which I could never find anything I like in that store.   The Food Court is pretty impressive having a Chik Fil' A, and a Johnny Rockets.  Along with a Crepe kiosk, but they also have sit down restaurants like The CheeseCake Factory which usually have a 20-40 minute wait, and another place that I've never really looked twice at across from it.   Specialty stores are also abundant with a Mayors, Sephora, Gamestop, Foot Locker/Champs, Hot Topic, New York and Company, a wide spread and at least there's a sign that a new Apple Store will be opening.   A Very excellent mall for the avarage consumer, if you want something more high end and have an afternoon to lose yourself, The Shops of Bal Harbor is where you want to go, I used to go there to purchase Yves Saint Laurent sunglasses, because they are the best, and it's quite stunning.
ughh no matter how hard I try I can't seem to be comfortable here...ever. I've worked many jobs in the stores in this mall too and still, its a huge clusterfuck. Mind you, I guess this review is kind of biased because I'm not an avid shopper, that being said,  every time I come to Dadeland  I leave the place with a horrid headache and an overwhelming suffocating feeling. The way the mall is set up is the ultimate nightmare! If you are claustrophobic I suggest you stay away. Give me some breathing room like the Falls or Sunset, not this never-ending consumer-driven capitalist maze. Every step I take toward freedom I get accosted by someone lathering me in lotions they want me to purchase, or some revolutionary jewelery cleaning product, or some amazing hair straightener that will make my hair even straighter. Getting to the store or back to the parking lot is like passing one of the harder levels in Zelda. Speaking of parking, can somebody explain to me why its always such a mission to find some even though the place has almost more parking than the Landshark stadium? I'll give you this much though, anything I've ever wanted is withing the compounds of your walls... and I really mean everything...its quite impressive.
This is the BIG mall in the area compared to Sunset Place and Merrick Park. Dadeland has A LOT of stores, but surprisingly not everything. It is key that I point out how confusingly the mall is arranged. Yah, it's confusing. With twists and turns, you will surely feel like you're on a treasure hunt for your favorite stores. The directory isn't much help. It houses the typical Apple store, Bath and Body Works, Bebe, Victoria's Secret...you get where I'm going with this. So anyway, a nice assortment of your mid-priced stores. There are also your typical snacky snack places for a mid-day munch along with Cheesecake Factory and Villagio's that are very crowded on weekends. So basically, lots of stores, but confusing arrangement. And don't even get me started on remembering where you parked.
This is my mall of choice. It has everything you need. 1) There is plenty of parking, although you might have to walk a bit. 2) It has a great mixture of mid priced stores, and expensive designer like stores. 3) The food court is better than any other mall food court I've ever been to. And if you don't want food court, there are nice restaraunts attached as well. 4) The location is great too. Not only easy to get to, but tons of other major stores located around it as well.
Good high end mall. I'm didn't give it 5 stars because parking sucks. But the stores are awesome.
Dadeland Mall...I've been coming here for AGES! I still prefer Aventura over any other Mall in Miami, mainly because of its size. Though Dadeland is my second favorite. I discovered yesterday that they have been slowly removing no name stores and replacing them with brand name stores. Not only brand name stores but designer stores as well. For example, they've had Coach for a while, now they have Michael Kors and J. Crew. Where Up Against The Wall used to be, theres going to be a True Religion. Is Dadeland becoming (or trying to become) the Aventura of the South? This might be due to the construction and completion of all those high-rise buildings and their residents in the area right off the Palmetto, which is now called Downtown Dadeland. I still like the mall and its stores. I think, despite the growing number of designer stores in the mall, it is still varied in price and the stores offer something for everyone. I hope, though, they don't go so far as to become another Merrick Park.
Favorite mall in miami. Its close to my house, indoors, valet parking, a saks and nordies, etc. love love love. always come here when i visit home.
The stairwell of the parking garage by Macy's has a very strong smell of urine. You have to hold your breath to be able to use it. It's disgusting.
Dear Dadeland Mall, You are NOT my favorite mall in the least, and I was torn between the ratings...  Yet I gave you 3 stars just simply based on the fact that you have a nice variety of stores.  But I have to agree with Paula E. on the fact that you are pretty much a complete cluster-f*&%.   What I want to know  is, who's brilliant idea was it to make everyone walk through Macy's just to get to the other side of the store?!  I know that this is great for business for Macy's, but what if I don't WANT to walk through Macy's and get sprayed by 20 different perfumes?!?  Or be accosted to shop for jewelry or makeup?  *Sigh*  You leave people no choice. So I guess, maybe I should really give you like 2.5 stars for my dissatisfaction with your architectural layout.  Unfortunately, you're pretty much my only option for certain stores, so I know I'll be here again soon... Regards, SabrinaAnna*
Weird to review a mall, no? There's so many restaurants and shops inside so what DOES the mall itself entail? Well I'll tell you: FOREIGNERS! Sweet Jesus, I started working at Dadeland in mid 2010 and I was under the impression that it was filled with wealthy Miami customers, not South Americans. I'm not complaining, it's just funny how English is probably the 2nd most spoken language inside the malls crowd. The food courts awesome, I'm a huge fan of Asian food so you have a lot of choices like King Kone and Sarku Japan. I'm also a coffee fiend, and Cafe Enrique makes excellent coladas and cafe con leche. I go to Cheesecake and Villagio when I have extra bling to spend and I want to feel fancy. The mall's pretty big, there's a mega Macy's and Nordstrom at opposite ends, as well as an Apple Store that's more crowded than the Youth Fair. (Enter at your own risk) I recommend parking in the garages in the back, the front is usually filled with tourists and/or taxi's speeding around and the thought of leaving my car out front makes me uneasy.
So you want to go to Dateland, and you want to drive there. Well it's nice to know that the Department of Transportation thinks a lot more of us than the people at Dateland do. Meaning, Dadeland put valet's in the front of there mall, I can only assume theat they think they are that special, that they can hire future car burglars of America to move your car from point A - to point - B. come one, not many people really want to give there ride to the valet ilk, really Dadeland Management, REALLY! Why is it that poor decisions are often exacerbated by these great thinkers. Your businesses in the front of the store suffer, because people who don't have rentals, park in the back. If Dadeland Mall was like the Paragon in Bangkok, I could see why, the Paragon oozes class, Dadeland your a good place, ya got ok stores. But, your a pain, don't be such a mushugina, think of the customer not for your few pennies.
Not only is this mall hard to get to from downtown, but not like we have a great variety of mall's here.  So many times we have come here simply out of desperation.  My two favorite stores in this mall are "Express" and "Limited", they are easy to get to without having to walk throughout the whole mall and they are very large stores, with great selections. They have your basic stores like any other mall, nothing out of the ordinary.  For some reason I really do not enjoy shopping in this mall.  Could it be the same old boring stores, the ridiculous kiosk with staff that drive you nuts as you walk past.  Do not ever touch me, hello!! IMO, all of the mall's in South Florida are crazy to get to. Really bad traffic issues near every single one.  Same old, same old, well of course other than Bal Harbour, but who can afford to shop there often, well not me. I prefer boutiques anyday.
Now, I used to work here at a retail store (Where? Well it doesn't matter. It sucked.) I've been coming to this mall since I was a walking toddler and the renovations have kept it being the mall that people of all incomes come to as they have stores with affordable prices and others which aren't so. Parking can be a pain so what I end up doing is parking by JcPenny or the garage that's behind the food court (this is where all the employees from my ex-job would park- it's never full!) I love the diversity of the stores and the childhood memories it brings. It's definitely changed but for the better
3.5 Stars Solid mall. Alot of great stores. Plenty of variety. Good food court with a Chick-fil-a. Awesome. The east side of the mall after the macy's is sort of an odd man out compared to the other side. Not sure if that has panned out very well.
Dadeland is a great walking mall for me. I go every week yet i still fail to come out with anything more than starbucks, even though they have a great variety of stores. There is only one time i hate going to dadeland and that is from the day after thanksgiving till the after christmas sales. During that time you can find me at the falls or home, because i wouldnt touch dadeland with a 200 ft pole, unless i feel like being walked on top of by the mobs of people. Other than that, i think it has a really nice selection of stores to get exactly what you were looking for. Casual, dressy, club styles, shoes, purses, watches, swimwear, gaming, electronics, jewelry... you name it dadeland probably has it, and if not they will probably be putting it in soon (come on Floral ecstasy and mobile teeth whiteners?). Maybe thats why its so popular during the holidays, Who can resist one stop shopping?
Dadeland mall is Miami's best mall for shopping. It's located in a convenient area and plenty of parking around the mall so If you have a specific store you want to go to you can be in and out. For those using the metrorail it is a reasonable walk from the station. The food court has a good variety of fast food, my favorites being chik filet, mr. Kibehs, and Cajun grill. It's  lacking in dine in restaurants but they have cheesecake factory so I let it slide. They typically  have great sales at stores like the limited, the express, Victorias secret, and Macy's. I love to spend a Saturday leisurely strolling the mall shopping for yet another cute shirt that I may or may not need! ;-)
You know, we are spoiled rotten. I mean, us Miamians, are freaking spoiled. Dadeland, I would anyday give a solid 3 stars to. But then, now, with new perspective - it's easily 5 stars. When compared to other places and cities. What am I going to do in 3 months when there is no more Dadeland in my vicinity? Yes, I am moving to a small dinkity (albeit GREAT ONE) town called Ruston. And well, the closest mall is probably NOTHING compared to Dadeland. And the closest city is an hour away. There is like one sushi place in the whole city. But I am getting sidetracked. Dadeland has it all. There isn't really much more you can ask for: Victoria's Secret. Macy's, Nordstrom, JC Penney, Sephora, Coach. Cheesecake Factory, Express, Limited, Abercrombie, Ann Taylor, JCrew, .... shall I go on? See how spoiled we are? We don't even appreciate what we've got - but want more? And the Food Court - I am curious to find out if my new town's mall, will even have a food court. But Dadeland has everything: Mediterranean, Japanese, Chinese, Cajun, HardRock, wraps, salads, cookies, pretzels, ice cream. Your choice of healthy or not and they've got it. (Tip: park in the Macy's garage, second floor - there is almost always parking!) Seriously though, the only thing it's missing is being an outdoor mall. And well, for that, you can go to the Falls in less than 15 minutes. While I'll be driving hours and hours to find something like that, and it won't even come close. I foresee lots and lots of online shopping for me, while you can all just go to Dadeland in a heartbeat. Appreciate what you've got, damnit.
The layout of this mall is quite weird. Funny because before going here I looked up the directory. I made sure they had a Nordstrom, Sephora, or even Zara! They don't have a F21 though...that they should probably invest in. We entered through Nordstrom and when we went through the mall, I was super confused because in order to get to the other side of the mall you have to walk through Macys. Great marketing for Macys because while walking through it to get to the other part of the mall, you will definitely stop and and make some purchases! Although this mall wasn't all that great, it was one of the better malls because of the Nordstrom and their Zara store wasn't empty! It had great deals!!!
Yeah, not a fan of malls or shopping but from time to time, it has be done. Thing is, why are all the big shopping plazas so far away from the city center? As in, when you look at a map of the CITY of Miami, why are there no large shopping centers centrally located for the benefit of residents?* I realize Miami is a driving city as opposed to run that runs/relies on public transit but the fact that the big shopping mall options are all so far away from the city center and none are easy to get to... well, it doesn't strike me as a very inspired piece of urban planning. That said, when you have to go to the mall (and, at some point, we all have to), Dadeland's not a bad choice. It's nicely laid-out (in that there's plenty of room to model walk sporting a duck face), spacious (I say this as someone who never saw the old layout; contrary to popular belief, I am not a fan of pushing people out of my way) and has plenty of fancy stores to please my bougie (see upcoming reviews) tastes. Armed with information from Yelp reviews, I knew where to park and, thankfully, I am healthy and able-bodied, so making a bit of a walk isn't an issue for me. Know, though, the same space I laud could be problematic for older folks/those with walking issues. I suppose that's what the valet service is for (oh, Miami; you and your valet service at malls...). I don't always go to malls, but when I do, I suppose coming here isn't such a bad choice... once I get over the time/money spent driving to and fro. *I suppose the Shops at Midtown is the answer but that's less of a mall and more of a borg (assimilate. Assimilate.). Bayside, too, is less of a 'mall' to me than a 'what is going on with all these stores? Hold on. Oh no! Did *that* girl just bump into me??!' You know?
Bad selection of stores...half of them seem to be "get rich quick" scams, while the others seem to be an afterthought from 10 years ago...Also the people that come to this mall are disgusting...maybe its because i currently (soon to be "used to") work in this mall and everyone that comes to this mall are snobby with no manners, gross...ugh, do i need to keep going? just deal with the drive and go to aventura...the best one stop shopping experience
9 out 10 times I'm here to see if I can get a parking spot right next to the door. And to people watch. Trip number 10 is when I have a hankering for Chick-fil-a. This always happens on Sunday. Chik-fil-a is closed on Sunday because somewhere in the Bible it states that one cannot serve a deliciously fried chicken sandwich with a pickle and mustard (the only true condiment) complimented with waffle fries and a Dr. pepper. I believe it's the "Book of (I want a) Job that I'm guaranteed Sundays off." Sometimes I do come here with capitalistic intentions. But, once they look down and see my flip-flops, they realize that I'm really not with the valet service. They do have valets. And extensive flat parking as well as several parking garages. Ever seen a rent-a-cop climb the ramp of a parking garage on a Segway? That there is worth the trip alone. Occasionally I come here with a purchase in mind. And there are plenty of stores to cater to your needs. You do have to traverse the red carpet of Macy's to cross from the side of the mall with the food court to get to that other side. Be ready for the blitzkrieg of perfume purveyors. Generally if you tell them that you just walked past Abercrombie & Fitch, they understand that their efforts are futile as your sense of smell has automatically shut down in the name of self preservation. I dropped one star out of pettiness. In my 34 years I never noticed the following until last week while out Christmas shopping. The men's room at the food court has no lower tiered urinals. I would have been embarrassed, as I was standing on my tippy toes. But I was literally overshadowed by the kid next to me whose dad had bear hugged him and lifted him to lavatory level.
GROOOOSSSSSSSS!!!! The noise, the chaos, the unorganized stores... Everything about this mall has gone down the toilet!!! Try going elsewhere, because it doesn't matter what day or time it is, this place is always a hectic disaster!
Dadeland isn't the best mall in South Florida, but it's a good complement to Aventura some 289 blocks to the north.  Parking is difficult most times of the day, but gets easier later in the evening. Dadeland has the largest Express store in the area and the only Finish Line in South Miami.  It's also just one level, so it's easier to get around and find the things you need.  It doesn't have the selection of Aventura or Bal Harbor, but it's definitely a good place to get some retail therapy in. SW 88th Street and Route 1 is busy at all times of the day, so don't say you weren't warned!  During Christmas time, take Metrorail if you can!  You'll be *so* happy at the time you save! Please don't stop by the Power bands kiosk or let them suck you into their fraudulent sales technique.  See the videos online of how they scam you!
This mall is my latest and greatest Miami discovery. Since we live in the Grove, we often brave the hellish traffic of Dixie Highway to head South, hitting up Dadeland Station and that area often. However, I never knew Dadeland Mall even existed until recently! So glad I found it. This mall is a nice balance - has a lot of normal stores (ie Express, Wet Seal, Macy's), along with a lot of uber-expensive ones (Coach, Louis Vuitton, etc.). The one big downside is the lack of a Forever 21 - annoying! Also, parking sucks a big one. It's always jam packed, which makes me wonder how there's still a recession going on. There is lots of additional parking, but still, walking a mile is a pain in the butt, especially in the summer heat. All in all - I'm a fan.
This has been my go-to mall for most of my life. Not the best, but the most convenient. I also like the many comfy seating options where I can plant my husband when he starts to get cranky and annoying. That, or I take him to play at the Apple store. Parking is never a problem for me since I park in the old, dirty garage behind Macy's. they really should clean that up. Along with the stairwell. Yuck. One thing that I cannot stand is walking the mall and having people hawking their wares to you as you walk by. I will say it again. I am not your "mami", your "amor" or your "corazón"! Just sayin'
Not a fan of malls; however, this mall has a lot of the basics and unfortunately for those living in Miami's city center, this is the closest place to do any decent shopping. Am surprised to see a lot of upscale stores here...I thought this was more of a mid-market mall.  They even have a Hugo Boss store...pretty nice. The Macy's is huge, Zara has been renovated and is big and they have a Nordstrom.  Those are really the only stores I need, but they have a big selection. Looking forward to the expansion in 2013 **UPDATE*** The expanded wing is open and I'm not too impressed. The floors are uneven and blah. Just feels generic.  OK to nice selection of nicer stores (Penguin, Boss, etc.) but I can find them at Aventura Mall and that's a nicer more upscale location.
I HATE malls and the whole shopping process.  This hatred stems from my mother taking me on 5 hour shopping trips as a child every Sunday and me not being able to speak up (I'd get my ass handed to me as any other old skool Cuban child would!). Through the years my hatred has slowly diminished, but I still prefer to go shopping alone, at my pace, and with what I need already in mind.  Enter Dadeland Mall: one of my two go-to malls to find what I need in one shopping trip! This mall has all the stores a gal could want - from Steve Madden to Pacific Sunwear (I refuse to call it PacSun, sorry) to BEBE to my absolute favorite - Betsey Johnson.  It has a marvelous food court and houses The Cheesecake Factory!  If driving around and finding parking is not your thing, then worry not - there is valet available.  But with all the parking additions they've made through the years, don't bother wasting your cash.  I usually park in the Macy's 2nd floor garage - it's always empty since nobody parks there anymore. Tourists can sometimes get annoying and this mall is ALWAYS packed.  But if you do a little "om" chant, it's all good!
High end mall for sure! Prepare to spend some $$$ although you will find a lot if beautiful things this mall is for people with some money it's true !!  You have MAC, Macys Louie Vuitton  I mean that all you need to know
Although I come here often, I actually hate this mall. Parking is always a mission, the crowds are overwhelmingly annoying, and the employees are super pushy. It takes me a few seconds in the car to sum up some bravery to walk through these doors. I have to mentally prepare myself for the unintentional (or maybe it is intentional) elbow rubbing/body shoving through the walkways, and the perfume samplers that will be pushed in my face. No I don't want your damn perfume. If I did, I would come up to you and ask to try it. Now get out of my face. Eh. The selection of stores is great, but I just cant stand the customer service. Like another Yelper wrote, I go when I have to go. I hardly ever say "Hey! Lets totally go to Dadeland today!"
The Macy's here at Dadeland wasn't any better today than the Southland Macy's this morning. Again in the Fine Jewelry dept. no service, very snooty and could care less about trying to help someone that was ready to buy! The wi-fi in the store wasn't working when I was there at 1130 to 1p. Parking was a joke. I deleted the Macy's ap. I'm done with Macy's. My wife will still shop there but not anywhere as much since she just lost her mule and private shopper's helper. I'm going to Zales, she deserves it.
Great look since the additional wing(s) opened. Already liked this mall a lot, and now it's even better.
Macy's is mayhem, but if you are in the shoe department ask for Anna, she was wonderful and really helpful. The people at Coach were nice considering I was returning a bunch of purses.   I think that mall is very cluttered and hard to navigate with all the people.  I cannot go 3 stars because some INS office took down my very favorite Cuban coffee stand by the Food Court.  That place was like an institution in Miami!!! Parking is a mess! I go when I have to go, but I rarely say, "let's go to Dadeland to shop."  I would rather drive an extra 10 minutes and walk in fresh air at those "other" malls.
Love coming here although parking is a mission but that seems to be an issue no matter where you go.
This place is one of those places in Miami that all the locals know about. The mall is ancient. I think it just sprung up at the same time that Miami was founded (I'm totally joking, in case you were wondering) I do know that it's been around for at least 22 plus years since my parents were shopping there before I was even a twinkle in their eye. To me, Dadeland's Macy's will always be Burdines. I still catch myself calling it by the old name. Anyways, I'll stop with the nostalgia now. The mall is pretty big, not so big that you can get lost in it but big enough to have just about all the stores you could ever need. I like that it has a whole range of stores from semi cheap department stores to designer boutiques like Betsey Johnson and Tous. it's also the closest mall to my house so it's usually the one I end up going to when I need a last minute outfit for a party that I didn't even know about. So if it's so good, why only a four star? Well, I don't know, maybe it's because I've been to that mall so many times I could maneuver it with my eyes closed or maybe it's because I like shopping in small obscure boutiques. It's not my favorite mall but it is a very good mall. It's usually not too cluttered (the only exception is Black Friday which is a day when only experienced, fast, and cut throat shoppers dare to tread into any mall. A.K.A. me) and I like the restaurants, specifically the Cheesecake Factory.
I like this mall because it's not too crowded. The recent new added stores are amazing. Cheesecake Factory is located at this mall which is my fav!  Overall a great mall with many choices!
You can always find covered parking at Dadeland, so I like that weather never gets in the way of my shopping spree! Now, they've opened an entire new section to the right of Cheesecake Factory. They have valet parking and updated new stores. I always park by Macy's since it's close to the stores I like. Happy Shopping! I recommend staying away during busy holidays and weekends. It's usually better to do a midweek shopping spree, plus you'll have better service and shorter lines!
This place gets four stars for constantly improving itself and ok for the free parking. What?! That's very important in Miami. And this place has lots and lots of parking. So on to the improvements well a much better food court, and a much stronger array of shops. This last visit I saw that J.Crew is coming which made me think that Dadeland is now a preppy oasis. Although nowhere near close to the monster that is Aventura, the teeny bopper hangout Sunset Place, or the quieter Falls, Dadeland is simple enough to not overload the senses but big enough to have something for everyone.
This review is for Dadeland mall security.  I usually do everything at the last minute and hence found myself on a Saturday (4 hours before my nephews wedding) shopping for a dress and shoes.  Luckily, I found a great dress and lovely shoes in less than 2 hours.  I rushed through the mall to get to the parking lot and my car so I can rush home, to shower, dress, makeup, etc.  I get in my car AND IT DOESN'T START!!! UGHHH!!.  I was frantic!  What to do?  Call hubby!  Hubby comes to the rescue (sort of) and he couldn't start the car either.  We were gonna have to leave it there overnight since we didn't have time to have it towed (at this point, we were an hour and a half away from the wedding).   So I call Dadeland Mall security and after several attempts (kept on getting a busy recording) I was able to get a human on the line.  The connection was really poor but we were able to discern that someone from security would stop by the car to help us get it started or something.  Gave brief directions to my location and within minutes a security officer was there to try to jump my battery.  Unfortunately that didn't start my car and since we had to get going, the officer took down my cars info to leave it in the lot overnight (where they would ensure it would get an eyeball throughout the evening).  Very professional and prompt security.  Thank you Dadeland Mall security; even though starting the car was not a success, at the least I didn't have to worry about my car being towed or stripped parked in the mall overnight.   The wedding was a success and we made it on time (barely!).
dadeland mall has it all... from toys to food to clothes for the big & the small! this is a great mall. always very clean and contains a good selection of stores. my favorite store here is nordstrom, but i also love victoria's secret, zara, foot locker, and the coach store. 2 things to point out: this mall has a CVS inside, which you don't normally find in a mall AND the cheesecake factory! there is ample parking, but it fills up quickly.
oh dadeland how i love thee? let me count the ways. 1- nostalgia. i have been a shopaholic my whole life. kmart was my favorite store until i discovered burdines at age 3 - which was the biggest treat ever. as soon as i saw the big green pole with the D at the top my face would light up. i remember walking the mall as a teen and having lunch at the hidden burger king when the food court was too packed. i gave out my # to a random guy for the first time at the arcade, bought my prom dress at lord and taylor, and loved going to el restaurante del tren - victorias station. 2 - parking - there is plenty of covered and uncovered parking available. even valet is available. only once did i not find parking, so i parked in those apartments visitor spots behind dadeland across the canal and crossed the little pedestrian bridge. it was awesome. 3 - macys (formerly known as burdines) is my favorite. always great sales, pretty well organized considering the amounts of people that walk thru there. and the separate home store is awesome!! 4 - godiva, haagen dazs, hot cookies, mishas, starbucks, etc a dream come true. 5 - food - the food court has so many options from chicken kitchen to subway, chinese to argentine. and cheesecake factory and puccini aka villagio are great sit down restaurants. 6 - from cvs to saks you can literally get everything you could possibly need at this one stop shopping paradise. they have all kinds of specialty stores, and all those kiosks with extra annoying sales people who are always like miss let me shine your earrings, or iron your hair, or apply some makeup, or take your picture. 7 - easily accessible from palmetto expressway. and the metro rail has 2 stops for dadeland. ok im going to stop at 7, which coincidentally is the amount of hours it took me to finish all of my christmas shopping there yesterday.
Good local mall with plenty of parking except when you come on lunch time, weekend,and holidays then the parking sucks.Good selection of stores, boutiques and kiosk's. I usually got to Macy's Mens and Home, Mayors,Champs and Foot Locker.They have a decent Food Court and I like The Cheese Cake Factory here.Been wanting to try the restaurant across from it but haven't tried it yet. The mall is kept clean and bathrooms too.
Dadeland. Hmm... there are some good stores but the pushy rude people in the mall ruin the experience. Expect loud spanish speakers to be screaming to the person next to them. Tons of crying babies and rude pushy sales people. I really hate this mall and go only if I am desperate. If you want to go to a nice mall, go to Aventura beautiful and classy. Merrick Park is also nice and  bal harbour shoppes if you are loaded.bye
I've been coming to Dadeland Mall since I was a kid and I've always loved it. It's been through lots of remodeling and it's finally the nicest it has ever been. I'm not the kind of person who likes to just go to the mall to just walk around and take a look at stuff and basically just waste away an afternoon and have nothing to show for it, but somehow when I walk into Dadeland I feel like a kid again and I don't mind spending all day there just walking around and looking at stuff. I think girls that I have dated in the past have figured that out about me and used that to their advantage. LOL. At any rate, this mall has everything I could ever want...and they continue to add new cool stuff all the time. Even the food court in this mall is above average in comparison to other malls. I try to stay away from mall food court food...but again, something happens to me in this place and I revert back to a child and I don't mind eating the food that I know isn't exactly healthy for me. The only reason that I am not giving Dadeland 5 stars is because many times the parking can be quite a difficult task...especially during the holidays. I guess everyone else in Miami likes going to Dadeland just as much as I do :)
My favorite mall in Miami only because it's close to home and isn't too full of tourists. The Macy's here is great and i love the Nordstroms here as well. They have an excellent variety of stores as well (Banana Republic, Express, The Limited, Victorias Secret) and most of their stores are fairly large. Parking is bad for most people here, but i know my way around the parking lot and know exactly where to park without any missions...what, you think i'd tell you? haha jk.
This mall is always overcrowded but you can find everything u need in there and it has a pretty good food court, the mall it self is shape in a very weird way and there is various entrances also there is plenty of buildings were u can park.
It's always quiet in here, never too much congestion. The mall itself doesn't have many stores compared to Dolphin or Aventura. But it is still a nice mall. Very clean inside too. I love the express and limited there, they have the largest ones in the country!
This mall is very good and it has a good various stores from JCPenny to Sacks 5th Ave. They have a selection for everyone. Coach, Mayors, Montblac and more. You can find almost anything in this mall very complete. A good destination for Christmas shopping or just to walk around very complete and nice. Parking is ok and the restaurants are very good.
This is my favorite mall in the area! I guess it's because I know it like the back of my hand. They have everything from a huge Macy's to Nordstrom, JcPenny, Gap etc.
Dadeland is a great mall in the Miami area. It's soo many shopping centers around Miami, but the selection here is pretty comprehensive. Here you have the Nordstrom, Macy's and JCPenney department stores. There is always a Limited Brands wing of the mall, that host the biggest Express I have ever been to (3 floors) and the biggest Limited. There is also the Bebe, Guess, Marciano, Vicky Secret, Steve Madden, Coach, etc, etc. They also have a lot of small boutiques that have plenty of cute club attire for the Miami night life. The food court is pretty big, and they also have a Cheesecake Factory (yummy!). Overall, this mall is great...and they are expanding with more stores :-)
Since i was in the mood for lunch, i visited Dadeland food court for lunch. They offer a variety of food for instance, pizzas, johnny rockets like cheeseburger,fries, types of salads, chicken kitchen, desserts, etc : ). Moreover, I ordered vegetarian like rice and brochlli with type of beans. Tasty : ) see u soon: )
I am not a mall person, at all.. but I don't mind coming here at all... plenty of parking, easy to get to from most places assuming you do not come during rush hour... great food court, and plenty of interesting shops to browse...
I noticed people from here are disrespectful and rude, there's no hello when you walk in to the store or thank you....no manners here...is it a culture thing down here?!!
Dadeland was the go-to mall when I was in middle school in the early 90s (yeah, I know I am kind of old), and it is still the go-to place if you want to window shop or dine at the Cheesecake Factory. The mall boasts big names like Abercrombie and Fitch, Macys, Banana Republic, and all others that define the fashion world of corporate America, but unfortunately, these stores do not have huge sales like other shopping centers such as Sunset Place, Dolphin Mall, and Sawgrass. So if you are looking to save some money, I do not recommend coming here because there are better options. Their food court has a lot of delicious options such a Chick-Fil-A and Subway. However, I must warn you to stay away from the Asian places because their food tastes very processed. Overall, it's a good mall, but I wish there was just more parking.
spent yesterday holiday shopping at dadeland...  ughhh.  it's better than dolphin, that's for sure.  but i much prefer aventura mall or even the falls. i recognize this mall has a ton of history from being a leader in design (which you wouldn't know it now) to mobster shootings, but i kind of hate it.  it's soooooo overcrowded.  especially around the holidays, it's nearly impossible to find parking.  and though the aisles are pretty wide, i am constantly getting hit by strollers and people.   and i think it should be a rule that NO ONE is allowed to hold hands inside the mall.  especially chains of people that take up the whole freakin aisle.  and also, the acoustics kinda blow. on that note, it is waaay better than dolphin and there are a bunch of stores i like.  and they've done a bunch of renovations to it.  so in my book all these things balance out to it being average.
Nice mall, good size and good shops.  Nothing like the shops in California but pretty close.
Watch out for people stealing from mother's with strollers. There are no cameras, and security needs to be upgraded. I think mothers are being targeted. Just watch out for yourself if your a mother with a stroller. The robbers know you are not going to fight, and  know your not going to run after them, so your an easy catch.
I've grown up going to Dadeland Mall and it is really the best for moderately priced stores. Express, Macy's, Nordstroms, JCPenny, Ninewest, J. Crew, Bakers, Limited, Apple, Zara, The Gap, etc. etc. You are pretty likely to find something you like here. For me, it's a "go to" kind of mall.
I really like this mall. There are 3 dept stores and lots of great shops as well. They are still in progress of some renovations including new shops and additions to the food court. Very sad that LA Nails closed as this was my go-to spot for mani/pedi. As of now, there is no longer any nail salon.
It's your typical Simon Mall. The parking is pretty decent and the metro rail takes you right to it, which is awesome. Love that they have a Cheesecake Factory too.
A solid mall that I would definitely put ahead of Dolphin Mall. Macy's is probably the unofficial center of the Mall and you have to walk through it to get to the other side of the Mall. I would've liked if Sears was there but oh well. The food court is good but you also have Villagio and Cheesecake Factory so you have good choices for food.
Shop away. Great mall. Lots of good shops and an Apple store. The food court is decent. I can't wait to see whats added with the new addition they are currently working on. It's a bit crowded and hard to park on the weekends like most other malls. Bathrooms are clean and located throughout. Too many kiosks with annoying vendors trying to sell you crap. I wish they would not be there.
The only thing I can say about Dadeland is that fact they have the largest The Limited and Express stores. Other then, it's an alright mall. The parking is a nightmare on weekends and holidays!!! Especially in front of The Limited and Express stores!!
I have gone to Dadeland mall for nearly my entire life. This is, to me, the mall that all Miami natives rely on for a wide variety of shopping. They have everything from specialty stores to upscale boutiques. Unlike Sawgrass Mills (located in Broward), you won't need a pair of walking shoes to get across it. Don't expect to get any sales from the stores, unless it is a national level sale or discount, but there isn't an "upscale tax" either.
This is one of my favorite malls when I need to do some serious shopping (as opposed to just hanging out...). Some highlights for me are Macy's, Victoria's Secret, Sephora, Steve Madden store, and the Cheesecake Factory. This mall has something for everyone, from JCPenny on one end to Saks Fifth Avenue on the other, and Macy's right in the middle. The food court also has a nice variety. Love Chicken Kitchen, Johnny Rockets and Haagen Dazs. Plus it has 2 Starbucks!
This is my favorite mall. Tons of parking although wouldn't recommend on holidays.  They have all the stores you need to get some good shopping done.  The food court is good, it has options for all to choose from.  It's also close to the Dadeland station which houses several other stores- so what more can you ask for.
Great Mall! Everything you'd ever want to buy. Great choices in stores! Clean and nice people. A must visit when in Miami.
Scary and too many no name stores!
I used to work here for 5 years and been coming to this mall for 20.. it's changed alot and you can find anything you need. wish they had a theatre in here or a gym !!
Most people would disagree with me being a fan of this mall but it has a few stores I like all in one location so its very convenient for me if I really need to find something and know that it will be there. I love the forever21 that is there. It is a lot bigger than the other forever21s near by.
what I like about this mall is the restaurants. I like it because it has the cheesecake factory. Other than that I think it is a really expensive mall. ANd for some reason the Macy's there never seems to have anything I like. Blah. its ok.
This is the best mall in town!
This place won me over when they added an extra parking garage, valet parking, and a Nordstrom. Yes, it's usually crowded, but for good reasons. I've noticed if you park by Macy's on the second floor, there's usually decent parking. I mean, it wouldn't be my first choice during the holiday madness, but it's one of my top choices for getting my shopping done the rest of the year.
I love Dadeland. They have a great store selection, awesome food court with new places like Kone sushi coming soon and newly added locations like churromania. They r doing some construction in the parking garage for Macy's/Nordstroms but it's definitely needed. Can't wait til they r done.
I LOVE Dadeland mall. growing up in Miami this is my mall It's not far from where I live lots of great shops, good food court, good restaurants, lots of pretty people. There isn't anything negative to say about this mall come out and do your shoppping here people!!
Oh Dadeland, how you've changed. I remember hanging out here in middle school during the late 80's/ early 90's. I remember it being less posh. I recently went there and was surprised/appalled by the valet parking. Really? Ugh. But whatever. The entrance looks nicer and they added some landscaping. They took out a whole lot of spaces though, so parking was a bit annoying. We went to the Cheesecake Factory but had to hunt for a space and walk a bit because all the prime parking real estate was taken by the valet. It has a lot of good stores, but malls irritate me these days, so unless I really need something, I'm not looking to hang out.
They place is really nice. You have a wide select of clothing stores to go too. Plus, this clothing stores tend to have the most of their collections compared to any other mall out there. Most of the stores inside the mall are the largest of the store company. The only downside of going here is the parking. It's horrible. It's packed 24/7. But shopping there is worth it in the end. You'll likely live happy with something that hardly anyone is going to find else where.
I've worked at this mall for 2 years and I can't stand this place. Not because I work there but because of the type of customers that comes in. Driving through the parking lot is extremely dangerous, people are driving on the opposite side of the street, driving on the wrong direction of a one way... There have been many times I've witness people hitting other people's cars in the parking lot. It's just sad! I gave this mall a 3 star only because I love the Macy's store.
I have always enjoyed Dadeland Mall. I have especially enjoyed the mall in the past during Christmas. I can't believe how cheap and cheesy their Christmas decorations are. Very dissapointing for a mall that has one of the highest lease rates in the country.
I love dadeland mall. No matter the time of year it's never packed like all other malls. The people are always friendly and prices are reasonable.
Solid mall with a good variety of stores, a decent food court if you're into that, and lots of free parking.  Anchor stores include Macy's, JC Penney and Nordstrom.  The layout is a bit odd, as there is a short distance with a few stores and kiosks between the JC Penney and the main Macy's store (this mall contains several including Macy's for Men, Macy's fashion and Macy's Home & Children) then you need to physically shuffle through the middle of that Macy's store in order to reach the rest of the mall and the shops which are on the other side. This mall is across from a few plazas and outlets that include several more stores and restaurants, and a few blocks away is Dadeland Station with Target, Best Buy and a few other businesses in there as well.  In other words, If you don't find what you need at Dadeland Mall, there are plenty of other stores and plazas to try in this general area.  One odd thing at Dadeland Mall is that the former condom dispenser in the men's restroom off the food court now dispenses cologne, glowsticks, wrist bands, and breath sprays. Kind of a shame really, sad to see the tradition of the restroom condom dispenser die off.  Don't know where to tell you to go if you're in the area and just want a single condom and need it in a hurry.
Shopping here is a complete and utter nightmare sometimes.  It is very crowded and not alot of  space to accomodate such a crowd.  The design of the mall is rather boring, even after the rennovations that took place.  The great part is that you will get alot done here at this mall.  Every store one after the other will almost always be a clothing store so you likely won't be distracted.  The lines at checkout can be long and daunting, but stick it out.  I have some sentimentality for this place but I must admit it's a poorly designed mall and they don't exactly keep it clean.  They have a very good foodcourt with a delicious Cozzoli's pizza.  They also have a Cheesecake factory adjacent to what used to be Ruby Tuesday's.  This Cheesecake factory can get busy.  Don't have the cheeseburgers at Cheesecake, I highly recommend the chicken baja tacos and pretty much any cheesecake, but for god's sake no burgers!
the sales at this mall are fabulous, especially at the banana republic & at the giant express they have here. it is strange to have to walk through the macy's to get to the other half of the mall but once you understand that maneuvering around isn't too bad.
definitely the best mall for serious shopping in miami.. a large selection of stores, a variety of styles, and there are brands suitable for people of all ages, ranging from poor to wealthy. if you are looking for a place to chill & hang out with friends, this is not a great choice. but if you want to shop, this is definitely the place to be!
great shops and great restaurants
I just want to warn people who go to this mall, I was there on Saturday 08/25/12 bought an apple laptop, was followed to my house! the guy broke my car window and stole it, it's obvious they were following me from the store and saw where I placed the bag in the car because they knew exactly which window to break, I drove straight from the mall to my house and this happened outside when I parked, I had my son with me and it was around 8:30pm, I didn't stop anywhere after leaving the store. be aware people, specially women who are alone, I was with my aunt and my son.
