Great place to spend your day shopping and dining. The ambiance is perfect from moderate to upscale. Highly recommend.
My sister and I spent a few hours shopping here after I picked her up from her last day of school before spring break, yahoo! lol. This place is located in Coral Gables and this area is famous for good food, shopping, hotels, and having events here like proms, weddings, etc. You can find find meter parking but I always park in the parking garages since the price isn't bad and I feel like my car is safer there (even though its a safe area). The parking garages for a 2-3 hours is like $2. There are a lot of good restaurants, yogurt places, coffee shops, etc. If you yelp the area you will see most places have at least 4 stars (and think about it, to survive on this main road area you have to have a good food lol- and usually you can tell if a place is good just by how many people are inside ex: hillstone is always packed for a reason lol). There is always good shopping, especially for interior design furniture and bridal I find. There are a lot of good boutiques though for other stuff as well such as women fashion boutiques, baby boutiques etc. There is a lot to do and see so you will have a lot of walking so be sure to wear fashionable but comfy shoes and get ready to burn some calories! I highly recommend coming here for locals and tourists, its a nice place to spend a nice day out in Miami.
Booooo... With the legacy of Chicago's "Magnificent Mile" in mind, we made the trek out to the "Miracle Mile." I have tons of complaints. 1. If you aren't hungry or thirsty, there is practically nothing to do. The shopping is lame. 2. The recession hit this strip pretty hard. There were way too many empty store fronts. 3. I am not a bride-to-be nor an expecting mother. Literally half the shops are salons, bridal outlets, children's stores, and suit warehouses. This eliminates more than half of the shopping. 4. The rest of the strip is filled with exclusive "by appointment only" jewelry stores. No walk-in. Practically all the jewelry on display was hideously gaudy. 5. The "Miracle Mile" Isn't close to a mile long. Chicago did it way better.
I remember being a little girl and loving the special days my mom would take me to this part of Miami. To me, it always felt like a world apart from the hustle and bustle of this crazy city. Fast forward 20+/- years, and my love for this area has not waned one bit. Yes, the boutiques on the mile can be a bit pricey. Yes, parking can be a real pain in the butt. However, there is nothing that can take away the feeling I get of being in Miami and yet not when I stroll down Miracle Mile and enjoy some people watching, window shopping and good eats. Always a Gables gal at heart.
I find the dichotomy of Miracle Mile rather amusing.  You have this stretch of road located in Coral Cables that encapsulates a large number of high end restaurants and shops.  There is this grand portal when coming from downtown Miami that announces that you have finally made it.  To punctuate this dichotomy of high end affluence, you have Denny's to the north and Ross Dress for Less to the south.   Am I the only one that finds this amusing?  The places are the antithesis of why everyone loves Miracle Mile.  What makes it more interesting is the fact that people make the long trek to this very specific portion of Coral Gables and actually go into the Denny's and the Ross.  I am by no means a snob, but everything in its place.
Great place to fo for dinner and some light window shopping.  My favorite time is friday nights.  Thriving downtown type (main street) area with the coral gables flair.  Very classy and safe with a mix of shopping for all budgets
Miracle Mile is an amazing/historical place that every tourist/local needs to visit at least once in their life. If you are engaged, the ONLY place to buy your dress is on miracle mile!!!!!! I purchased mine at Alfred Angelo's and I tried dresses/looked at them evvvverywhere but found my perfect dress at AA. There are so many bridal stores that it would be impossible for a bride-to-be not to find her PERFECT dress. Miracle Mile has Barnes & noble, toys R us (I think it's still there or maybe it was just for the holiday season?), dogbar (healthy pet food and supplies), a movie theater, bridal stores, furniture stores, hair salons, and many many boutiques! Now, these boutiques are pricy$$$$! Be careful! There are not very many sales and the brands are not very well known but they are great places to look around. If you have some extra cash then go ahead! The clothes are beautiful, though. There are so many restaurants and bakeries as well. You could spend a whole day on this street! We will definitely keep coming!
Who does not like Coral Gables, it's a nice blend of old rich and luxurious new architecture.  You can literally just explore CG alone and find many things to do from UM to the Biltmore Hotel to the wonderful restaurants and now this.  I used to hang out and meet up with my friends here as I am too lazy to drive all the way to Kendall where most of them live.  It's a wonderful way to spend like a Sunday afternoon here from shopping to just sitting at the various nice restaurants and watching the afternoon go by.  There's alot more stores now than when it first opened, nevertheless it is still a good weekend destination.
This mile truly is a miracle for any hungry Miami inhabitant. Miracle Mile has an extremely expansive choice of restaurants. You can find any type of cuisine that tickles your fancy--from cheap Denny's pancakes to Asian fare to the freshest food at Season's 52. If you can't find a place to eat on Miracle Mile, then you are just not hungry. Besides restaurants, there are also some cute boutiques and more wedding dress stores than you will see in your life. It is like car dealership style with dress stores lined up and never ending one after another. Miracle Mile pretty seamlessly fits in its environment, but does have a distinct stopping point. You can definitely tell once you reach the end of the mile. Anyway, for great eats and a bit of fun shopping, Miracle Mile fits the bill.
What I dislike is they got rid of Jamba Juice, i love that place lol. Well at least they still have starbucks which is good. Another thing that is nice if you are engaged is to come here is they have so many bridal shops. I am like OMG seriously. I want to get married to the babe but honestly not much of a rush here. Although nice to window shop once in a while. I still think they need to open other shops aside from bridal/tuxedo shops. At the end of Miracle Mile there is a statue there (I think its town hall or something) anyway the babe pointed something out on why they make fun of the statue because of what he is carrying positioned. I found that hilarious lol. Not much to do here besides mainly dining in or out. It is also nice to just walk around with the babe once in awhile and see what is out there and pashall (idk if I spelled that right but it kinda means like window shopping in tagalog)
Living over on the beach I do not get over here as much as I would like to, but when i do visit my friends a few blocks away, or go for drinks with co workers who live in the area, I always find myself on this stretch walking up and down trying to pick a place to eat, or just stop in to look around. A multitude of restaurants and stores line not only this main drag, but also the side streets, and the parallel streets, making this a nice, enjoyable shopping area for some non chain stores.  The walkways are also well set up.  There are several pedestrian crossings in the middle of the blocks, and traffic here, unlike the beach, normally stops for pedestrians. Also, I must say, I feel safe here.  When I walk around I am comfortable, and not looking over my shoulder every twenty seconds.  If you are in the area visiting, this is a good place to stop by.
Not gonna lie, I was expecting more.  I mean, come on...Miracle Mile??  I guess after seeing what was going on at the nearby Village of Merrick Park, nothing could really compare.  I was hoping for better shopping opportunities here.  As other reviewers have noted, there are a number of bridal boutiques, tuxedo shops, etc...so great spot for Florida brides-to-be! However, for guests staying at the nearby Biltmore hotel looking for alternatives to dining at the expensive hotel restaurants, the Miracle Mile is quite convenient.  Starbucks, Einstein Bros Bagels, Houston's, Tarpon Bend, and several other cafes and eateries are available to try.  Park in one of the garages and take a walk.  We stopped in at Houston's and Tarpon Bend for dinner, both were just fine.
I L-O-V-E Miracle Mile.  It has so many restaurants and places to get your drink on - maybe not all directly on the Mile, but within walking distance or a short drive away.  There are japanese places, wine bars, french bakeries, italian restaurants or just standard bars and eating locales.  From fancy garbs to jeans and t-shirt places, there's something for everyone.  I love the scenery and the type of vibe this place has. Parking can be a pain, but not impossible.  Street parking is usually packed, but there are parking garages available.  I envy my hubby for working here! The Gables has always been one of my favorite places in Miami, even if traffic can get a little frustrating!
I came out here planning to have dinner and probably do some light shopping in this area. It's a pretty nice stretch of shopping in the street. Then i realized this area is a bit on the higher end side. No big deal, but a problem when my gf and i decided to grab dinner. I was wearing a tshirt, shorts, a baseball cap, and flip flops. But since this area is on the higher end side, i felt like an outcast if i were to eat at one of the places. I had the money to spend, but everyone is dressed up nicer. Left the area to eat at a place that was more casual. Nice area to shop and eat, but i recommend to at least dress up a bit nicer, and not what i was wearing if u plan to eat at one of the nicer places out here.
Absolutely love the feel but in all honesty not the place to go for shopping.  However, this is the place to come for a great dinner out.  Great variety.  You'll find fast food to high end restaurants as well as all different kinds of food.   A word to the wise - make reservations at the higher end restaurants.
My backyard, everyday I walk or drive through this district and it is always paradoxically intriguing to see how at certain times of the day, parking is complicated while a good percentage of commercial spaces sit idle and we see businesses come and go. Some blame the City of Coral Gables for an onerous system of taxes, permits and other red tape issues that causes businesses to spend more money than necessary to open, and remain open. The "meter maids" are on a mission to retain their jobs and make extra cash for the city as well, and I've heard many a times that people actually avoid this district because of the overzealous police that is quick to dole out a parking ticket while not in a particular hurry to be helpful. There is an actual BID = Business Improvement District Tax - that is charged to the merchants in and around Miracle mile, most of the money is spent on marketing and advertising with questionable results. There is increased talk of a major overhaul around the district, following the huge success of the South Miami improvements. Better sidewalks, improved parking conditions and more. We've already seen this work well elsewhere, Miracle Mile deserves it and welcomes it ! Will it ever be done ? Will it work ? we'll see !
Miracle Mile is a great place to stroll, window shop, catch an afternoon brunch/lunch, especially if you have money. Nice restaurants can be found in a radius around Miracle Mile. Houstons is a place where the young professionals go for happy hour or for weekend dinners. Also, it's known for being a bridal capital for Florida because the toniest of wedding boutiques are found here from invitations, to formal wear, dresses, lingerie, etc.
Love coming here to window shop and eat. I wish ALL the meters used credit cards- only like half the street does. Definitely a great place to spend an afternoon or evening though!
