This store is ok. It did not live up to all the hype. Every time I come to this store is messy. And it takes a while for the collection in here to change. I personally prefer Forever 21. The prices are cheaper and the variety better.
"Eek!" is right. Workers are generally friendly, and I like the store but I don't think I'll return. Tonight the fitting room attendant was way too friendly. First I have to wait because TYLER is busy flirting with a customer, asking where she worked etc. Later, he comes to my stall and asks if I'm ready to switch anything out, which caught me off guard so I said, "okay, thanks." ...And Tyler opens the curtains! I don't have anywhere to hide and he saw my behind in underwear! What fitting room attendant (especially of the opposite sex) just opens your fitting room? And he was so flippant about it, it was even more infuriating. I really needed the item I was buying for the next day but 15% off didn't make me feel okay about some pushy attendant seeing my butt. The manager was polite, but either way, I left extremely embarrassed and nearly in tears.
A lady has every right to change her mind.  My first visit with this chain was in NY and I was so not impressed.  My daughter finally talked me into visiting their new huge location on Lincoln Rd. last week.  What a great location and when I say huge it has several floors of all kinds of clothing and accessories. We found some cute tops, stockings and leggings. They have laid out the store quite well making it easy to shop around.  Some of their clothing I find not to be the greatest quality.  Keep looking and feeling, ha I say feel because I feel everything I am all about material.  This location had some higher end dresses upwards of $70 plus dollars and some dresses were quite cute. You can not beat their blazers, great prices!  Some items are priced very well.  Look around as you can spend quite a bit of time in here.  If you need a quick business casual outfit or a fun outfit for a night out for a reasonable price check this store out. There did not seem to be many employees working and when we went to pay for our items I told the cashier how sorry I felt for her because right behind the cashier wrap is a huge projector screen playing videos of fashion for H & M. The amount of heat coming off the screen was super hot.  Nice touch for shoppers but not your staff.  Our cashier was friendly and the line moved quickly. See ya soon!!
When you have David Beckham as a spokesperson, you cannot go wrong! When you also have stylish clothes, three floors of inventory, and great prices, it just reminds you that you are in the right place for shopping. They have comfortable and stylish solid color t-shirts for around $10. When you are located directly behind one of the most affordable parking garages on Miracle Mile, you know that there is no excuse to not come here. H & M: A must go-to place for shopping on Lincoln Road!
This H&M is pretty new to lincoln road. This store is pretty big. I mainly was admiring the interior design since I don't shop at H&M (waiting for my sister to shop) but I did notice they do have a huge selection of clothes from casual to business, to accessories of jewelry, shoes, etc. And a lot of fitting rooms! I personally love the banana leaf wallpaper at one of the fitting rooms with the gold lighting fixtures. Reminds me of the Beverly Hills Hotel. I liked also how open and spacious the place is with the DJ and big screen by the cashiers. Overall, its pretty good H&M.
A lot of the men's clothes are low quality at cheap prices.  There are some good finds of trendy clothes but mostly for teenagers or men in there early 20's who want casual clothes for hanging out.   I think you could go to Macy's and find more different name brands than the stuff here.  The other thing I hate is the loud music blaring, which doesn't help when your tired or slightly hung over.
Store is beautiful but forget about trying to try something on. Miles and miles long lines any time of the day any day of the week. Seems to me that...just like Macys on Lincoln and Ross in 5th st that just dump the worst crap nobody wants in huge quantities in the SoBe locations so unfortunately now a days I learned my lesson with this branch and just go there for basic work out gear and underwear and try to reach the mile long check out line before it gets worst. Most frustrating part of the whole experience is watching the huge screen with superhuman like beauty and thinness bodies (forget size zero these girls are minus 3 or less!) models having fun and laughing and sporting all kinds of cool gear and shoes etc that they DON'T have in store :/ what a tease huh?
H&M is an amazing find. They cater to almost every style of clothing for both male & female... You can spend three hours here and still find something new to look at. But you really have to take a look at what you are buying... Some items are worth the price and others look like they can be destroyed with one wash cycle when you take them to the laundry.
I came here the day it officially opened to the public (yesterday) and waited in a line of about 10 people which wasn't bad at all (went in the late afternoon). Once I got in, of course it was a mad house but it was opening day so have to give them a break. It wasn't PACKED. Yould could freely move around everywhere and it wasn't as bad as I expected it to be. I was really surprised that they still had a LOT of things in stock (I assume everything) and in every size. The store is amazing as it has every style of clothing ranging from super fancy party dresses to very casual tee's. Great price points as well as the clothes really range in price as well so there's something for everyone. The staff was really helpful and friendly despite it being a crazy madhouse/opening day. It was refreshing. The store in itself was beautiful and HUGE. Make sure you don't skip out on any floor as each floor offers different styles. I did not want to wait in the crazy line for the dressing room so I just found a mirror and tried things on over my clothes and figured I would return anything I didn't like (I ended up liking them all when I tried them on at home). There was a pair of shoes that they didn't have in my size but one of the associates told me that they get shipment in on Saturday and to write down the style number (which she showed me how to find) and call to see if they get it in then. The check out line was SUPER fast as I only waited behind one person!!!!! I will definitely be back to this store as it is probably the best retail store in South Beach. Finally!!!!!
Clothes quality not that great, prices are a little pricey your better off at forever 21 or something along those lines also this massive store in south beach wouldn't let my son use they're bathroom which is ridiculous we are customers and I bought something, I wish he would of pissed on they're floor ha!
H&M in Lincoln Road is huge. The store is so big you will be left in awe. I am grateful that the person behind this store has made a fantastic job at having it well organized. You will not feel like sardines during peak times. Lots of sales and options to be had, so be ready to scout. Good luck!
Miami's first H&M! Its nice and spacious. Really organized (when theres not a million people in there). I used to shop H&M in New York and am so happy they finally opened a store in Miami. Great for trendy fashion pieces and costume jewelry. Also good for basics you can wear a lot. Really like the interior of this one too.
I am brave.... I am brave to go into this store..... I call this a store for skinny people.  It might be like a zoo when looking at stuff.  There is so much stuff everywhere that wherever you will turn there is merchandise.... EVERYWHERE!!!  So you might need to: make several rounds or walk really slow.  There are several sizes but, not on the larger sizes though.  Styles are cool and trendy.  Prices are pretty affordable, not the best quality but ok.  For skinny people....
This is a fantastic H&M. Why? The buildout is spectacular, and even with its 3-story tall LED screen with epilepsy-inducing video fashion show footage, the intricate details of the store pay homage to the deco theater (that previously housed the New World Symphony) that stood before H&M took over. But first...the shopping details: This store has the goods. It first opened during the Maison Martin Margiela H&M collaboration, and when my pals in NYC told me the whole Tri-State area was fresh out of the collection, Lincoln Rd. had lots to pick from. Although Lincoln Rd. is filled with flagship retail stores, other chain retailers (ahem, Forever 21) don't necessarily get it right. H&M deserves 5 stars for setting up a flagship for Florida/Latin America that is worthy of its landmark, historical location and Deco architectural surroundings. Well done.
Huge store... great prices.. loved the huge tv behind the sales counter! Finally got around to the new H&M on Lincoln Road and was pleased at the size of the store. Everything is pretty neat and organized which i like but the clothes are nothing out of this world to me. I dont know if its just me, but i think they hype it up way too much on tv/commercials. All depends on your taste in clothes because i didnt find that many things that REALLY caught my eye. You should definitely come check it out though because the store is very nice despite what i feel about the clothes.
They seriously need to put an area for bf and husbands you are losing money having bf and husbands speeding up their couple and saying they don't like anything just to get out quicker. Should put a few couches with some TVs with sport news or regular news. It's not to much to ask. So annoying because if you say no to go for shopping they get mad.  -.-
I'm from MS where we dnt have a H&M so this store was AWSOME to me. I'd never been to a 3 story clothing store. I loved the huge theatre screen. Beyonce's ad was on the screen at the time that I went. The overall scenery was great. I was in retail heaven.
Two cashiers working on a Friday at noon is waaaay too few for the amount of customers here. Almost didn't purchase anything because of it. But... $6 t-shirts.
This new H&M location is  fantastic and the store is utterly gorgeous! 26,000 square feet of retail shopping pleasure. Kudos to the location scout for H&M with a directly on Lincoln Road address, wonderful large retail space. The staff is  young, energetic, trendy and friendly. If you are on the beach you can walk to this location or if you are driving there is a large municipal parking lot within one block (directly behind the store and to the right). There are plenty of restaurants and a Starbucks across the street. Happy Shopping!
i like its location. i don't like the overwhelming selection of clothes...there's SO much to look at its almost too much, but hey. that's neither here nor there. prices are reasonably priced and clothes are trendy. what more could you ask for? the huge panel TV behind the register is pretty cool!
Be sure to check out all of the different rooms. You will most likely find something cool to buy. Huge store different levels but they need more cashiers available during the weekends. Ohh and use the men's fitting room if you can it way less waiting time.
This place is GINORMOUS! I love it! I can go from floor to floor just picking stuff to buy. I LOVE H & M, but the pop-up store that was open before on South Beach was kind of disappointment. There were only a few items in a few colors and then 8,000 of each, so everyone got to purchase the same stuff in the same basic colors. It's great to see that this full-size store brings the drama! Different styles, different colors, shoes, coats, an ENTIRE accessory WALL (yes... WALL), 2 floors, active wear, lingerie, etc. You name it, they had it. Plus, the price is right!  I bought 2 t-shirts, 1 tank top, a shirt dress, and a pair of aviators for $39. LOVE THIS PLACE!
This location is amazing there are three floors of clothing galore. There are hidden pieces with red discount tags on them. You have to look for them to ensure that you will find a bargain. The normal pricing is pretty comparable to other clothiers in mall type settings. The clothes are designed by Swedish people and keep that style in mind. It definitely is a company that has clothing with a bit of European flair. So if you can't handle that then step back and hit up Macy's.
Came by in November when it opened... eh.  Clothes were nothing special (which is exacly how I felt in my H&M Pop Up Store review) and the amount of people there was insaaaane, but I passed by this weekend again and the garbs in the front window display seemed a bit more promising.  A little more edge, a little more fashion (more black - who doesn't love that!?)... thinking of coming back!
Amazing store with a huge selection. But there is ALWAYS a long line to check out. There are two men checking out with about 20 people in line. Maybe more staff would prevent people from leaving because they dont want to wait 30 minutes just to purchase their clothes.
They did a great job in keeping the Lincoln theater's original feel inside... As for the shopping, lots of top-notch, trendy, basic, affordable styles, and everything in between. Use the men's fitting room upstairs for shorter lines...
Not bad for our first h&m in the 305. The place is rather large, well organized (I did get there before the doors opened) with lots of variety. Staff was friendly and helpful. Bathroom was "out of service" which is complete BS and being preggo this is not something I am willing to forgive. Luckily I have some bladder control and dignity left not to have peed in a fitting room. Overall this was a win.
Shopppinggg
Love H&M. Very happy the store finally made its way to S. Florida. This location is perfect. Fits right in with the rest of the shops and restaurants on Lincoln Road. Very big store and very neat/organized. Merchandise are very spaced out from each other so you don't have to dig through to find that shirt/dress you really want.
This store is HUGE! I mean i got lost! But trust me I found myself really fast especially with all the different sections. They have a ray of things to looks at in separate locations. The store has all things fabulous. I mean we never had an H&M and I am totally in love, now I don't have to travel to NYC for my shopping itch. The staff is awesome and very helpful someone in every corner and they all dress amazing! One dressing room not so happy about that but a shopper will wait and that is what I did, about 10min. Place is awesome go check it out! And they are also opening one in Aventura with a kids department! HEAVEN! :)
Holy Moly I got so lost in this store! Where to begin?! It is smack dab in the middle of the crazy shopping street of Lincoln Rd. Enter in and you are welcome with loads of clothing, bright lights, and music. First floor is women's so I did not really explore that part. So I went up to the Men's section to find myself in an overwhelmingly crowded and mayhem of fashionistos looking for stuff. It was maydness and due to my time constraints I was rushing. I really have a love/hate relationship with H&M mainly because the prices are amazingly good and you can find a whole wardrobe for a cheap price. Love to buy my dress shirts and clubbing clothes from here. The part that annoys me though are their graphic tees. There designs are cool, but more than half the time they have those annoying thin collars that hang looser than other brands. Low price also means lower quality, so depending on what you buy it could shrink. Choose your items wisely! So I really wanted to buy a buncha stuff, but the line was giant! As I was exiting the store I somehow managed to go down some other stairs that I did not know existed. This H&M is one of the best I have ever been to and wish I can return again on a less busy vacation weekend.
Very unorganized store.. Not the H&M standard I'm use to in Europe and in other major cities.. I find the staff somewhat unfriendly and the register situation also needs to be fixed.. Why so many staff hanging around with two register open and a long line?  A big turn off when it comes to shopping at H&M
The amount of Suck and Utter disappointment is intense. The Location is great and the store is beautiful. Unfortunately that's where the compliments end.  The Men's section is a complete mess. I found it to be extremely unorganized. Other H&Ms have the Men's Section divided up into different areas. This H&M seems to have thrown everything in together.   I also did not find the selections to be that great. I understand is winter and I appreciate that they have winter coats even though we live in Miami. I do think though the amount of coats was overdone and the majority of the selection was extremely bulky and hideous.  It is possible that they had a selection that is comparable to other H&Ms however with all that disorganization it was difficult to find anything. Hopefully they will get their act in order soon. I hate knowing the fact that my favorite store is so close. Yet an Old Navy at 8pm on a black Friday is more organized.
I had mixed feelings about  H&M opening in Miami. Of course I was excited that the world's best affordable cheap trend store was finally coming to Miami, but the thought of every girl in Miami walking around in the once-attainable-only-when-traveling attire had me a bit turned off. Well, I finally made it out to the Lincoln Theater location and my-oh-my was I pleased! Upon walking through the doors, my skepticism vanished and I was once again reminded of why I have loved this store for years! The assortment remains amazing and on-point with current designer trend knock offs at completely affordable prices under $100! The interior designers did an impressive job of keeping the Art Deco Miami style with a theater feel. The fitting rooms have curtains like a theater box would have. My only complaints are that there are no hooks in the fitting room and there's no lingerie section. But overall I am beyond pleased with this location and so excited to be able to satisfy my self-prescribed retail therapy in my hometown at one of my favorite stores!
I found a jacket I liked on the H&M website so I look up the closest store number to see if they have it in stock.  I dial that number and SURPRISE, not the store but rather a national service line.  I ask the person on the phone if they can connect me to the local store and they say they cannot.  The local store HAS NO NUMBER is what the guy says.  But he says he can look up the item (no item number listed on website but he shows me a trick where a part of the very long URL has the item number embedded in it so we're able to find it).   Then he says oh yeah, they dont have it now but are gettinga  shipment of EVERY SIZE they make it in by next Wed.  Allowing for good measure I go in on Thurs (south beach is ridic crowded, parking expensive and hard to find always) and the store clerk says that they don't have the jacket and haven't had it for a while.  I ask if they will have it and he says that he's not sure as shipments come in every day.  This guy was super helpful (his name is Odell) and ran all over the store looking for stuff.  Offered to call other stores without my asking, very friendly throughout.  A little annoyed at H&M for having no accountability as to where/how a customer who is trying to spend money with the company I ask to speak with the manager to help sort this all out.  Odell, again very helpful, looks all over the store for the manager b/c apparently they haven't developed a walkie-talkie system like every other store in the universe.  This guys seriously runs thourhg multiple flights of stairs, various floors, and finally locates an Asian male manager (describing him b/c I didn't catch his name).  I know this sounds mean, but I don't understand what kind of decisions are being made at H&M that this guy became manager.  He literally stated that he dosen't know what's in the store or what items are going to come when.  Literally zero info.  And he's the manager.  And really obvy to notice this guy could give a shit.  He was about 1/10 as helpful as the salesperson that was legitimately trying to do everything to help me buy something.  I then called the H&M service line after being stuck in traffic for another 45min on the way home.  The guy who answers sounded half asleep.  He asks me for the item number (which again not listed anywhere on website, and only because I learned how to decode the URL addy was i able to provide him one).  I gave him my whole story about going to the store and it not being there, without skipping a beat this guy goes, "Yeah it looks like your local store has it, just go down there and pick it up."  I ask to speak with the manager to which he replies (again immediately) "They're all busy right now."  I told him I didn't mind waiting and someone comes on in about 5min.  The manager I spoke with (along c Odell at the store) was the only person I dealt with that was professional and competent.  She starts by offering a sincere apology for how shitty the service has been.  She looks up the item and states that the last time the store got a shipment of it was beg of March and that there's no way they can see if they actually have the item at any given time.  She states that she'd let people know that this is an issue and hopefully in the future H&M can improve their service.  At the end of the day, however, I don't have the item I wanted and H&M's service is still a zoo.  I don't see how people are able to shop there if you aren't allowed to talk directly to the store, the central service line can't tell you if an item is at a store or if it will ever be there, you can't buy online, and you can't buy over the phone. I think I'm ready to bump H&M off of the places I look to shop.
great prices! but sooo packed in there! try to avoid on the weekends.
They've taken a historic theatre and converted it into a retail store. It's a masterpiece.
This is certainly one of my favorite places on earth! For someone who loves fashion but is on a budget, this is the place to go. I have been to a almost all the H&M's in Florida, but this is the best one around. The three floors of nothing but racks of clothes after racl of clothes is heavenly! However, the best part of all its the organization and cleanliness from this store. The problem with the other H&M's I have been too is the clutter, disorganization and lack of inventory (specially at the men's section) but that is a whole different story at this location. Their organization, and way the garments are strategically placed, makes it very easy for the shoppers to find anything they are looking for without problems. The men sections is actually very diversified and many of the things that are on their website can be found here. To me that is a major plus because my husband loves this store too, so when we go we both come put winning :) The only thing I would wish for is for less people in the store, but then again, it is strategically located at the Lincoln Mall, so it will forever be packed. The only thing left to do for me afterwards, is to enjoy a nice cold adult beverage unwind after being surrounded by soo many people lol
The setup of this H&M is weird although I like how it was multi-level and located on the Lincoln Mall strip. You walk in, and there's just so much to look at. It was about an hour to closing time and our party came in to look around. Such great deals and I ended up finding some mini-skirts and a cute cut-out pleather dress for good prices. I honestly had to guess if the skirts and dress would fit since the dressing rooms were closed and I didn't feel like changing clothes. Actually, I couldn't even find the dressing rooms. The signage for the rooms were in such odd places that I felt like I was going thru a maze. The line to purchase were long during closing and there were only a couple cashiers. Luckily, I only had 3 items and my transaction was quick. I saw others who had piles of clothes to buy.
I was really excited for this location when I heard of its opening over a year ago, and I've come back again & again for some bargains, however, my last visit was enough to make me not want to come back. I was here on a Saturday afternoon, and was unaware they had a DJ in the store. I thought the music was just over the top loud, but no... It was the damn DJ playing awful EDM hits. The music was so loud, enough to make your ears bleed. I asked an employee if the volume could tuned down, because it was making my shopping experience difficult & she simply said "There's nothing we can do!" I should have spoken to a manager, but instead I decided to leave all the merchandise in my hand on a table & left empt handed. Sorry H&M, but having a DJ bumping horrible music on max volume is not pleasing anyone! I'm making it a note to self not to enter again unless there's not DJ on site.
Last weekend I was in NYC and visited the store there. Since I am from Miami decided to visit the Sobe store. What a disappointment. Customer service is not existing here. In addition they do not have bathrooms for customers. I don't know if I should blame them or the city for not making them have one. I will never be back but they don't care about the locals they have enough business from visitors from other countries and they can afford to be as rude as they want. Hopefully their management reads this and tries to correct their problems or maybe they will they laugh.
Best H&M out there in Miami.
Big store. Carries both men & woman.  So much clothes to look through.  All types of styles.  They have sporty, sleepy, & secy. Wish theu had more dressing rooms.  you will need time & patience. I will return.
H&M in NYC or Europe are so much better than this one. First of all, what is the deal with all the winter clothing??? We are in freakin' South Beach with 86 degrees outside. Who wants to buy army green puffer coats with fur on the hood? Poorly organized, nothing looks appealing and too many racks too close together. Feels like shopping at Ross, only that all the colors you see are black, gray and olive. Meh.
This H&M makes me miss New York and wonder why there is such a difference in NYC stores and Miami stores. This place is always a mess!!! When i see a mess like that, my shopping libido goes straight to hell. Everything looks less attractive in a heaping pile or literally falling off a hanger. Please get some people to organize this place properly! On top of that, they do not have enough people working at the register. I had to wait 20 minutes in line to buy two shirts. Not a fun time. If your petite like me, the sizes at H&M are much better than Forever 2. You can find clothes at decent prices if you don't get distracted by the mess.
Slinking in here like a crafty fox entering a poorly guarded henhouse, I shrugged off my guilt knowing full well I was already 20 pounds over my allotted 50 pounds luggage allotment. I guess if you're going to be bad, be really bad. Very nice and very crowded. I wouldn't try something on here for all the fish head soup in china. I would buy a ton of stuff and try it on at the hotel and then return what I didn't want. Really if you know your size here you should be alright. Really cute stuff but disappointing bikinis as online they have really nice ones that were not here. On the flip side if your looking for a good basic you might find it here. There was a dj playing here and so behind one of the racks I danced a bit checking off my need to go dancing for the night. I didn't buy anything but did find the purse I wanted so ill be back. Poor curbside check in, they don't even know what sort of bags I'm bringing....
great location, nice layout, staff are really friendly! also sales were great mid-July
I will keep this simple. I come here for one thing and one thing only. The v-neck shirts. I love the v-neck shirts. They are cheap and made of soft material. It is essentially the only v-neck shirts I will let touch my skin.
