Over 11 years running and this store still manages to feel completely ahead of the curve of cool. While most of their selection caters to men with style, there's a solid selection of unisex accessories, coffee table books, limited edition sneakers, and perhaps my favorite, the music bar. Before you could download that crazy remix of that obscure song, you could walk into Base, give the music curator an idea of what you're looking for and chances were they'd have the album. When you're looking to discover house, lounge, indie, and world music, Base is the spot. You can sit on a stool and help yourself to any albums in their collection and plop yourself there for listen. This kind of music buying experience takes me back to the days when purchasing CDs was still the thing as was racing to your car to blast the album. Regardless of what you buy, be prepared spend a little more money than usual.  If you've got a little dough for that favorite friend or lover of yours, there's likely something worth coveting at Base. And one thing's for certain, every single employee I've dealt with is an absolute peach. A store this clued in with a staff devoid of that cooler-than-thou affect?! Almost unheard of. Not only does the store extend its awesomeness to consumers, they even lend their good taste to consulting gigs as well. Constantly changing and always hip, god this store gets it.
This store is like a breath of fresh air on Lincoln Road.  The design, layout and selection are very well curated.  My boyfriend is incredibly hard to shop for and I took him here to find a new swim suit.  The people working there were super friendly and very patient with us.  I love that they have vinyl records and magazines--something for me to look at while my boyfriend was in the dressing room.  I wish they sold women's clothes!
Sometimes you get tired of all the crap they sell at Macy's and you just need something different. Welcome to Base. I love this place. They have everything: clothes, watches, jewelry, books, bags, shoes, a salon. They are expensive, yes it's true. But I've found things at regular prices and they do have a clearance rack. Sometimes you have to spend more to get quality. And let's face it, the clothing here is like artwork; you're likely never to see it anywhere else. ***Something truly unique: A Music Bar! Being a connoisseur of eclectic and exotic music, I am truly impressed by what I've found here. They always have the new, fresh albums that usually hit mainstream a yr or two later.
Über chic shop on Lincoln Rd.  Right next to the German beer spot and Books And Books. Don't go there looking for any bargains.  The clothes are way expensive and most of the garments will surely fall out of style by next Wednesday. But if you look long enough,  you might come across something that's a solid gem. I'm a fan of their coffee table books, their magazine rack, and their cologne selection.  Yeah, cologne.  And I'm not EVEN a cologne guy.  Go figure?! Their CD listening station is cool too.  But who buys CD's anymore? BASE for your face MIAMI  : O
A lifestyle boutique that delivers an urban, international, quality selection on everything from music, to clothes and books. Arguably THE lifestyle boutique in Miami BASE, is a perfectly curated masterpiece. The minute you step in you know a lot of thought and love went into this shop. The clean, unique fragrance is Sand, an exclusive designed by BASE's owner Stephen Giles. This store is clearly Gile's vision of a life well lived. From designer clothes to a CD bar BASE has something you're bound to fall in love with. And you'll note that BASE supports the arts from having their own label and a band The Life Project, to holding exhibits during Art Basel. The idea of bringing art into everyday life is obvious especially in the selection of graphic tees and kitschy, colorful toys. They also have a great selection of books some focusing on local art and architecture. If you're on the beach head over to this spot, if nothing else for inspiration on anything from music to decorating. BASE is one of the jewels in South Beach's crown.
So hip it hurts. Base is the summary of what chic-South Beach is if it got smacked wit the urban/electronic hipster bat. Think Vice Magazine, Ministry of Sound, be@rbrick toys. Whether you're disgusted by that or attracted to it, Base is a lifestyle store. It's got everything geared to a certain individual. This is a store where the people behind the counter are "cool", the stuff they have here is "cool" and the everyone's "in the know." Notice the overuse of my quotation marks. I like going here for the urban toy figures that I like to adorn my cubicle with--my bf likes going here for the overseas imports of electronic cds...this Lincoln Rd boutique also has  a small corner room dedicated to haircuts.
Base is a chic store that keeps the Sobe crowd on it's cool factor toes. A greaght collection on indie, EDM, and world music on vinyl and cd. (Yes they still sell and produce hard copy of music). You are free to rummage through the cd's and listen to them befor you make a purchase. Aside from music they have cool clothes and accessories from top brands and designers. They also push the latest in books and glossy magazines. It is worth your time to checkout.
Base deserves credit for maintaining an extremely commendable collection of very cool things for a very long time (in cool terms anyway). They are bastions of good taste and definitely deserve to be visited if you're in the area. I think they are a great collection of things but not necessarily a great store to buy things from. Clothes 4.5/5 I don't think anyone can deny that Base's menswear tastes are anything less than impressive. I've been shopping at Base for about four years now and a lot of the styles they championed have been ahead of the curve and lastingly relevant. Does the fact that you can wear a shirt for longer than a year or two justify a markup over retail pricing? It would depend on the wellness of your heels and the limits of your patience.  Savvy shoppers can find a lot of the stuff here (like Fred Perry, Modern Amusement and John Varvatos) at significantly cheaper prices online or at Bloomingdales with a little research. As a shortcut to that, Base's smaller selection does have a much higher ratio of cool shit in the right colors and fits (Japanese slim fit edition Fred Perry or something like that.) What this means to you really depends on where you fall in the respective spectrums of money and fashion resourcefulness. The fashion forward deal maven will find a lot less to like here than a yuppie looking for a respectable date shirt on pay day. Service: 2.5/5 My biggest gripe about Base as a store is their ridiculously shitty return policy that calls for store credit and nothing else. I understand that a smaller store like this can't survive on the margins that Bloomingdales and Nordstrom do, but it really prevents me from splurging when I would otherwise do so. Getting home and realizing that $150 shirt doesn't look as good as you thought it did is a pretty big let down when you can't return it. I'm sure most of the people who work here have worked there that whole time that I've been shopping here. They bother you a little more than I like them to but I guess that's better than the alternative. I used to get a lot of "what the hell is this guy doing here" stares before they started recognizing me but that's behavior partial to any high end boutique that carries things you can play with. Other stuff: 3.5/5 In those raised glass cases you'll find a fantastic selection of kickknacks like jewelry, vinyl toys and retro looking but fancy electronics. Not that I buy jewelry and watches from them regularly, but they offer a unique collection you'd be hard-pressed to find elsewhere. The music stand is definitely for tourists despite amassing a collection that represents South Beach techno, Global music and scratch-the-surface Indie at the same time. I'm not sure if I know anyone who actually buys CDs in a store in 2010 but you could do worse than the $25 records here. The DVDs are equally overpriced but do include an admirable amount of good documentaries and important foreign films. They have a good selection of coffee table books that you will undoubtedly not buy if you know Books and Books is next door. In summary: Base is the coolest store you will ever probably not buy a damn thing from. It could never exist in a mall that wasn't overpopulated with tourists.
I've been the recipient of gifts bought at Base. They're usually quirky & notable. I have a bracelet that in three years of wearing it, I've only seen one other girl wearing it. And yes, she also got it at Base (and received it as a gift). Aha I asked. I really like the scent when you walk into the store. It's very particular. So I brought home a bottle of it. So now my house smells like "Sand", just before guests show up :) Guys, if you're sick of wearing jeans & want to vary your pants. Get ready for some Euro styling and look at their selection. On the hangar, it's not very convincing. But I've seen some boys strut around the fitting room & gave them a thumbs up. And whether or not it's pricey is all about perspective. I know some people that think $200 pants are a bargain for something stylish, different, & long lasting. For someone else that's their grocery budget & can't handle it.
The store is cool to look around, but who actually buys this stuff?  It reminds me of a store that some really weird loser people would go to to try to become cool.   The book selection is interesting, but again, who actually pays those prices?  They have some cool CDs too.
The friend that stopped in here with me had the best description for this place: A store for the former hispter that went mainstream and got rich. This is where those hipsters with money go to get back to their roots. I was drawn in by the interesting eclectic items shouting 'SHARP SIMPLICITY' from the windows. The price tags on their items however were steep enough to eject me from the store without making a purchase, although I do admit that if my pocketbooks were deeper I would have most definitely indulged in several book, toiletry and jewelry items. As it stands, there is a scent I sampled which has bewitched me and I may have to return to purchase it considering that my internet search for it has only gone to show me that this particular scent is made for/by Base. Dammit, they got me!
I liked this store. I would like it even more if I could afford the things in it! There are more clothes for guys here. The women's stuff is in a small room towards the back along with a big display of Japanese toys. This is the kind of place where they have one of everything displayed and if you wanted your size, you have to ask for it. The stuff wasn't my style though. I liked looking at the art books towards the front. I could see why some people spend so much time in this store. But where were the shoes!? I saw someone trying on sky high heels but never actually saw any displayed. Hm.
Base is an overall cool store. Personally I find it to be over priced, and there is an overwhelming smell of cologne when you walk in. It used to have a hair salon called SNIP in the back but that has moved to the other side of the beach. However I think it is good for killing some time while on Lincoln Rd. You can listen to some of the newest and hottest Cd's, without buying them. They have about four personal CD players set up and you can choose which CD you want to listen to. They also have some awesome books to peruse while you hang. If you are looking for an expensive gift for the metro-sexual in your life who has everything, this would be a good place to go.
Base is an excellent store that's very well laid out the store is now in the back instead of the front the store has very unique items and although it is very expensive I would buy some of the items they have there they have a good amount of CDs and vinyls also magazines the jewelry is also unique and can expect about the same prices to other well known jewelry stores they have some really good smelling colognes and a designer toy area in the back the only reason why I give this store 3stars is because of the annoying employees and/or store owner(I'm not sure if he was the owner) but as soon as you walk in they give you a stare as if to wonder what the heck are you doing here as if your not welcomed there they also like to follow you around the store as if your going to steal for christ sake I walked in with my mom and the guy kept asking us if we were ready to buy an item afterwards when we were paying he was more open and friendly but hey who knows maybe he has dealt with theft more than a few times and I can't blame anyone the store definitely has some very cool items and is definitely worth checking out
All my bookmarks on Soundhound are products of leisurely time spent sitting on their armchair waiting for a salesperson to return with kicks in my size. Base is world-renowned for their music selection so there you go. The music alone motivates you to garnish your body in ultra-modern and semi-ridiculous fashion that appeals to those dreaming of dressing head-to-toe in Rad Hourani, but can't afford to. It is set up like a personable boutique which implies that prices are steep. Do not be discouraged though, unlike a boutique where whatever size you find is what you get, items on the floor are essentially samples available in other sizes. Just ask. I enjoy the scent of Base. It's not like Abercrombie and Fitch where you can smell the store before you see it. I'm not a fan of their candles and Bear Brick toys. I actually find it off-putting and childish, like something that belongs on a hipster's deliberately crowded and messy computer desk.
I LOVE this store!  Not only do they cater to mostly MENS FASHION, but they are up to the minute on trends, designers, and everything easthetic!   They are a little price-y, but you expect that from a place that carries upscale brands and hard to find ones too!  The product variety is really awesome too!  Finally giving Miami Beach some well deserved style! Being new to this city from NY, I will recommend this shop to everyone! R
Okay. The self-indulgent "lifestyle" store is a little much. Coffee table hard cover books that push coolness like a dope dealer. Off-beat t-shirts that cost an atrocious bundle of money coupled with designer shoes that one can't find unless they spend an enormous amount time on the internet or shopping in Milan, New York, London, Paris or Berlin. If you can stomach the arrogance, spend some time listening to the tunes. As far as selection goes, you can't find a better global assortment of acoustic, ambient, lounge, house, club and soulful music anywhere else but Base. Don't try to buy Beyonce, Justin Timberlake or Trick Daddy at this joint. But take an hour to pour through the shelves of CDs and you'll find something that fits your taste buds and then unapologetically show it off to your friends.
I love checking base out as often as I can. They are great for finding unique items, clothing, toys, you name it. I get so tired of the same old, same old found in all of the cookie cutter stores.  This place is great for breaking the mold. It is really great for finding that unique gift!
Base carries a good selection of  Nice Collective clothing so it's a must-hit for you guys in Miami.
This is one of the coolest stores in Miami! They have the most amazing albums (vinyl and cd's) of quite unique music and mixes. They have menswear and women's wear clothing as well as various accessories. If you are looking for a unique gift to buy for someone or yourself, stop by base! The only reason I gave this 4 instead of 5 stars is they have very steep prices.
I love this store. They have the best collection of music I have ever seen. The staff is super knowledgeable. Started coming here years ago,and always stop in when I'm in South Beach. Clothes, music, DVD, furniture, and jewelry the best of all of these. I wish there was a store like this in Chicago. Probably be there everyday of my vacation!
I love just about everything in this store, but almost never buy anything as the prices are high (but on-target for the most part). Only place I know of around town to buy Comme de Garcons cologne. The cluster of stores around Base are the best on Lincoln.
