The Galls is a great non crowded shopping center. It's outdoors so it can get hotbox the summer but it's absolutely lovely in fall and winter. It is completely covered so don't worry about getting rained on. It has beautiful gardens and waterfalls and all it's lush scenery. It has your major department stores like Macy's and Bloomingdales and your small boutiques like BCBG and Brooks brothers. You can literally spend the whole day here. There's plenty of dining options from a crepe to PF Changs. Then there's also the movie theaters. You can get it all done here. Including grocery shopping. Yes, grocery shopping. On premises is also the fancy shmancy grocery store "Fresh Market". Love this place for so many reasons.
Nice mall located in the Falls area. There is a good amount of retail stores like Macy's and  some decent restaurants and a movie theater. Plenty of parking and security around. They also have a fountain of water with a rock formations that produce tranquil sounds to seat down by it and relax after a stressful day of shopping.
The falls is an okay mall... I think there are better ones in Miami. I find that at 5 pm on a Friday or weekend, there are a ton of middle schoolsrs and teeny boppers. And then security comes out of the woodworks and only lets you walk in a certain direction. They only have a few selection of stores here, the ones I like are francescas, macys, and bloomingdales. It is an outdoor mall which is nice, but it gets hot out sometimes. There are definately alot of eating options for a variety of price ranges (johnny rockets,  fridays, p.f. changs, corner bakery) and they also have a movie theatres! So I guess this is probably a really good mall to bring kids, but being a young professional I tend to avoid it here.
I agree with other Yelpers, be sure to check if the weather is on point. It is South Florida though, it can pour hard for 15min then the sun comes out and everything looks like it never was wet. The Falls is not very big but has some good stores. Love the Limited, Express, VS, Macy's, Aldo's, and Bath & Body Works. Has more stores but those are my go to if I'm at the Falls. It's clean and and has a few restaurants around there. been here During the week and weekend. I think regardless, parking sucks unless you valet at Nordstrom's or go in the parking garage. With a decent size garage, they should put more stores in here. But can't complain too much about the Falls, just wish there were more restaurants to eat within the Falls.
This mall is a ladies dream shopping adventure.  What I enjoy so much about coming here is how pretty it is.  It is an outside mall with beautiful  fountains, ponds and foliage.  Between the water, greenery and beautiful flowers it is so peaceful. They have so many designer stores and your larger big box such as one of my favorites, Bloomingdale's.  I enjoy spending the day or quite a few hours shopping here then grabbing lunch or dinner as they have many good restaurants to choose from.  No problem, your not hungry, well they have cafes and coffee shops located throughout as well. Or if it is getting close to Happy Hour time, they have plenty restaurants with some great happy hour specials. Only downside is parking can be an issue.  It seems to be crowded every time I visit. Take my advice, valet it's quite reasonable and worth every dollar. Also make sure to check the weather.  One time we got stuck in a torrential downpour which was no fun unless you have an umbrella. Fabulous stores, very well kept mall with many upscale stores. It is worth the drive and a great place to take guest from out of town. Fabulous shopping, dining, and relaxing in a gorgeous environment.
Want a relaxing day off? Look no further than The Falls shopping center! Indulge in a cup of your favorite drink/beverage from Starbucks, than stop in next door to browse through the latest gadgets at brookstone! There are sooooo many great stores to go to ranging from clothing/jewlery/shoes etc they even have hair and nail services! Getting hungry after all that shopping? No worries, there are plenty of restaurants to choose from! I love how chill this mall is, and you will too!
When the weather is right it's a great time to come. Various stores here Bloomingdales and Macy's are the only department stores and they have no foot locker, champs or any other shoe store aside from traffic. Big plus they recently added a BJs to go along with TGIF, P.F. Changs also a whole foods and Johnny Rockets. The theater here is nothing to boast about and there is an arcade inside. TFY
ALMOST TOO RELAXING Beautiful outdoor mall that's another vivid reminder why Miami is such a beautiful place to live. Bookend anchor tenants are Macy's and Bloomingdale. Majority of retail shops cater to an adolescent audience.
I've been patronizing this place for years. It is swank because of all the water features in the middle of the mall. It's like Adventure Island for adults. Higher-end stores, boutiques, and the associated offering. Despite the mall being over 25 years old, it retains its relevancy, and decor related charm. Kudos to the management. Nice restaurants and hospitality on grounds too. Be advised: this is an outside mall, meaning, unlike nearby Dadeland, the common areas in this joint are all open-air.
I love this place! So many great stores, great food like Los ranchos and fast food as well, Ice creams, burgers, even a mojito stand! My favorite stores are bcbg, Macys, Michael kors, Express and Abercrombie & Fitch!
This is a really pretty outdoor shopping center!! I liked how on a Friday afternoon, it was super empty here, haha. There's a good number of places to shop at here, and it's easy to walk from one end to the next.
Aesthetically pleasing but geared to an older demographic. The landscaping is well done but the stores are not impressive and the bloomies is reminiscent of a Dillard's. If you are more interested in a leisurely stroll than cutting edge fashion, this is the mall for you. Thank youuuu.
When visiting Miami, I always end up visiting the Falls. Whether you know exactly what you're looking for, or just want to sit and people watch, this outdoor mall has something for everyone. I would characterize it as a "mid-end" mall with the highest end of its stores probably being Bloomingdales. Unless it's raining or really overcast, it's a completely pleasurable experience walking this mall with it's beautiful fountains and foot bridges over the water. Some of the highlights are the movie theater where, after your movie, you can go right next door to Johnny Rockets for a burger and shake or to Haagen Dazs for an ice cream. Both the Bloomingdales and Macy's are well stocked with merchandise. For the kids there's everything from a video game store to a Build-a-Bear shop. If looking to shop high end stores, you'll be better of at Merrick Park or Lincoln Road. However, if you're good with the more down to earth fare offered by The Falls, you won't be sorry taking a trip over to do some shopping.
Lovely shopping center.... ....  except that beginning each evening PRECISELY at 9:00 pm...  there are NO RESTROOM FACILITIES available.  They shut them down - ONE SECOND after the stores close.. No Restrooms. So, people trying to decide whether or not to spend that last bit of revenue.. or "take care of business" pretty much have only ONE option: and that is to STOP SHOPPING and Spending Money, and use one of only TWO restrooms - BOTH of which are closed at Promptly at NINE PM for cleaning.  Couldn't leave one open while you clean the other one and then switch off..  NOPE..  ALL BATHROOMS CLOSE AT NINE PM. It's a lovely way for the mall to say ..  GET OUT, your presence is no longer valued here..  even though there are a few businesses that remain open past 9:00. Stupid management plan.  Really stupid.
Great outdoor mall in the Pinecrest area! We always find a reason to come here whenever we are visiting friends nearby - so many good shops all in one place, and now with the Whole Foods right around the corner, it's like a capitalist black hole, sucking the dollars from our wallets! (In a good way, I assure you!) Enjoy it here! I think the decrease in activity is a little more related to the 'economic downturn' and should spring back when times are better again!
Dear Falls, Ahhh, the relaxing sounds of water running through the rocks...  That's the first thing I always think of when I think of your Falls Mall.   It's quite a different shopping experience than the rest of Miami malls.  First, the entire mall is outdoors, so that in itself is different.  People can enjoy the amazing Miami weather AND still shop, without being cooped up inside of a cold mall.   The lagoons and water falls are a great touch, and having the water run through the majority of the mall as a little river, really adds an amazing touch.  It's just so pleasant to walk around and hear the sound of the water flowing; I often forget I'm even shopping!  I think it makes everyone's shopping experience just that much more pleasurable. There are a lot of great stores in your mall as well.  First, you have the only Bloomingdale's south of Aventura, which is a bonus.  Also, there's a Macy's, Bebe, BCBG, Charles David, Nine West, Tupelo Honey, just to name some of my favorites!  There's also a movie theater and a few restaurants (Johnny Rockets, Los Ranchos, PF Changs). So with all of this in mind, it definitely makes you one of my favorite malls in Miami.  I guess the only thing missing are some major staple stores, like a Sephora (oh how I wish you had one!), a Zara (asking too much?), Guess?, and perhaps an Antrhopologie...  Sigh...  Until then, we wait on your 5th star.  ;-) All the Best, SabrinaAnna*
I've been to The Falls a few times, most recently when I had a Crate and Barrel gift certificate and discovered that the nearest C&B to me is located in this shopping center. This is a very cool shopping experience! Lots of higher-end stores, a cinema and a few restaurants as well. Free parking is available in the on-site lots or in the adjacent multi-storey garage. There are also several plazas and stores in the surrounding area, so if you weren't able to find something you were looking for here at The Falls, chances are it'll be available in one of the other stores in this general area. The Falls itself is an open air, covered shopping mall where you walk on a boardwalk or wooden deck that connects all the stores, and there are several waterfalls, fountains, pools and foliage everywhere you look. Shopping here can be much nicer and more pleasant than the typical hustle and bustle and somewhat sterile shopping mall experience you'll typically find in most "cookie cutter" malls and outlets.
This place is not a mall. This place has atmosphere. It has theme. It has character and it has beauty.   How could you characterize such postivies by calling it a MALL? The Falls is a high end shopping center that keeps its humility by not catering to the rich old ladies with their poodles. It does not carry chic designer foofy shops. The Falls is not bal harbour, it's better.   The Falls carries many great shops that range from cookwear to baby wear to computers. But besides the stores, the atmosphere and grandiose of its falls makes this place very unique. Especially when the weather outside is perfect. Walking out on the aisles you can't ignore hearing the relaxing sounds of the water rolling past you on the rocks. This takes out the stresses when you're Christmas shopping. The Falls is an institution of Miami. Its one of the older shopping centers here and it by far one of the best places to be at if you're a local or just visiting Miami.
This is a very nice mall. I love the store selection and the outdoor water feature throughout the entire mall. It's very relaxing, so it makes shopping here with the ladies in my life more bearable.
Been going here since I was a little kid and I still love coming here to shop.
Don't call it a mall, it's a shopping center. Ok fine it's a mall, but it's a good mall, no that's not an oxymoron, well not in this case... The Falls is great, it has some of my favorite stores, always has parking, and is an open air floor plan. There are pretty good restaurants, small places to pick up coffee or a quick snack. A great chocolate shop and a large Apple Store. The only downside is that on the weekends this place is overrun with tweens. Yes there is a tween invasion and they seem to like the Apple store as much as any adult seeing as they all had I-Phones, which they used as they stood in line for coffee. The movie theater is ok but could use a face lift. The ideal times to go to The Falls is on quiet weekday mornings or early afternoons during the school year and during the holidays when this place is way calmer than most.
Plenty-o-parking They have a Sanrio hello kitty store!!! I think I stayed in there far too long Nice seeing a Francesca's here Enjoyed this area more for the pics with cute backgrounds Also comfy cushioned seats to just veg and people watch
Oh my Falls shopping, you are my go to shopping mall when I want to avoid the crowds...it sucks when it rains but when MIA has awesome weather you can be quite nice...the greenery, the people and I love your waterfalls...awesome atmosphere. Always clean, a bit of a pain in the butt to park over the weekend, but you are so worth the drive. You have music at night on weekends and you use to have farmers market on Sundays and I miss that. Love your stores especially Express, Bath & Body, BCBG, VS, Bebe & Abercombie and I can always have a bite to eat or go to the movies after a great shopping day! You have it all!
This mall used to be my favorite in all of Miami.  The outdoor space, fountains and landscaping are beautiful but I think it's lacking the energy of other Miami area malls. They've added some nice stores and additions...Fresh Market, etc, but it seemed kind of dead...even on a weekend. It's a long way from the center of Miami...not sure it's worth the drive anymore.
I went to this mall for the first time with Guil M. As he went to pick up his iPhone 5 at the Apple store there. This mall is great. It has everything from Louis Vuitton, H&M, Chanel, and many other fine stores. The food court has a plethora of food selection. The mall is very clean and nicely decorated. Although we went on a weekday. We did encounter a large number of people. But not enough to bump into each other as you do at Sagrass Mills. The mall is very large. Bring comfortable shoes and come with someone that likes to shop and take their time walking around if you intend on going to a whole day trip. I will definitely come back to this mall when I'm in the area. It has a pleasant atmosphere. As far as I could tell the workers are nice.
For starters, I believe this is just MORE than a mall. I feel as is its almost a treasure cove here in miami because there are so many generic malls -- dolphin, international, aventura. But not only does it have an amazing outdoor layout with a beautiful river of sorts that runs down the strip of stores. Also! It caters to a more higher-end shoppers and for such a small place it does have it unique vareity of shops AND the ones women often need the most, (Victoria's Secret, Gap, Banana Republic, Macy's). While you're at it, you can watch a movie or dine at some GREAT restaurants, Johnny Rockets, PF Changs, etc. With that said, I think everyone that lives or visits Miami should appreciate this fine and decadent shopping area.
It's kind of hard to review a place that you have frequented for most of your life. I guess that the fact that I *have* been coming here since the beginning is testament enough. I loved when the movie theater had $1 midnight movies many, many years ago. Huge plus for me has always been that it is an outdoor mall. Not so much fun when it is 100 degrees in the shade or when it's raining though. This is definitely not a place to spend a rainy day, especially since you will likely have to swim back to your car. I love that they now have those comfy cushion couches where I can plant my husband when he begins getting cranky and acting like a child. Or, I can send him to play at the Apple Store! There are plenty of dining choices and plenty of parking as well.
The falls.. one of my faves When i first moved out to miami from NY, the idea of an outdoor mall scared me, but i have grown to love this idea. Its so nice to just walk around on a cool(er) miami day and just enjoy the area. My fave stops would have to be at crate and barrel and william-sonoma. The apple store used to be one of my faves until they redid it... now its crazy and makes me want to just buy apple things online.  but thats another review... I usually go here durring the christmas season since its cooler and the bigger malls are more crowded. You aren't being walked on top of and the atmosphere says christmas without the crazy shoppers to prove it. Its also right across the street from my favorite scrapbook place (scrapbooks and stuff) so when i'm in scrapping mode i usually make a trip out over to the falls to just walk around. Its known for being the rich mall but its not really. unless you consider fridays, bath and body works, hot topic, pac-sun and macy's rich then maybe...
This is one of my favorite Malls to shop at on a sunny afternoon. Not only do they have essential stores like Express, Victoria's Secret, Bloomingdale's, Pottery Barn and BCBG but after a day of shopping nothing beats P.F. Chang's, TGIF, or Los Ranchos. The best part of this Mall? It's outdoors so you get to enjoy the beautiful weather in Sunny South Florida. Happy Shopping!
The Falls, is one of my favorite malls. Even tough is ot as big as other malls, the Falls is so much nicer, cleaner and makes you feel good for some odd reason..lol. The Falls, has a movie theater, Starbucks, The apple store, Macy's, Bloomingdale's, T.G.I.F, Johnny Rockets, P.F. Changs, Hot topic, Clarie's, Sanrio, Pottery barn, Los Rancho's, Victoria Secret, Traffic, Brookstone, Express, and so many other stores. Great place to shop & hang out!
I've always loved The Falls and make a point of strolling through whenever I'm in Miami.  Its so pretty and nice to walk through with the little stream and waterfalls (hence the name).  I definitely enjoy shopping here, and correct me if I'm wrong, but this seems to be one of the only (if not the only) open air malls in the area.   The stores are your standard staples like Macys, Bloomingdales, Abercrombie, etc. Nothing terribly exciting.  The ambiance is what makes this mall stand out.  Great place to shop.
I love The Falls! It is definitely, hands down, one of the best malls in this location. Most of my favorites stores are here, from Hollister and Pacsun to the Apple Store. The mall is very secure and the people that visit it are friendly and, well, not trashy. It's a beautiful outdoor mall and it also has plenty of places to eat.
i always forget this mall exists until i remember! then i'm all like 'wait, let's go to the falls, that fabulous outdoor mall!' the hubs and i spent a wonderful afternoon here. there's awesome stores, a movie theater, good food. you just can't go wrong.
Miami rush hour traffic is pretty bad, it still moves but still bad. Nevertheless, I braved the hour long trip during rush hour traffic (5:30pm-6:30pm on a Tuesday) to get to this mall. I believe this place is located closer to the 'burbs than i expected which is actually nice if you need a place to relax and get away from the higher energy areas of Miami/Miami Beach. When I reached the mall, parking was simple, the mall's ambiance was peaceful (the water flowing throughout the mall is a nice touch), and quality customer service exists here!  Living in Hawaii, I sometimes take water and the outdoors for granted but I think there is a definite benefit for having a mall like this in Miami for people to unwind and shop. I'm surprised that I'm reviewing a mall, but this mall could turn me into a mall rat if I lived in Miami.
I only go here for 3 things I can't get elsewhere nearby in easy driving distance in South Miami/Coral Gables: 1) Apple Store 2) Crate & Barrel 3) Bloomingdales (if i must) everything else is take-it-or-leave it.
Great outdoor atmosphere which takes advantage of the Miami weather. I recommend going to their website and seeing what stores are here, as this is a pretty small shopping mall compared to the other shopping malls in Miami. Also stores close/open here quiet often, so if you want to visit a particular store, call first to make sure you aren't wasting your time getting here first.
Love it. Very classy and yet, very casual at the same time. Like the layout. Love the pond near the apple store and TGI Friday's. To bad the main entrance where the Mall's logo is, its too simple. If the mall is call "The Falls" they should have some sort of fancy fountain to draw more crowds.
Great mall !! Everything you need and want is here the mall is well kept super nice and many stores to choose from
The fountain that runs through the center of the entire shopping center is pretty sweet. The cats that live there freak me out though.
My favorite thing about the mall would probably be the ambiance. I love the man-made "river" that goes throughout the whole mall, the waterfalls, the palm trees, and how you're walking either on stone or wood. It's a very pretty place to be. They should open up a nice trendy restaurant that lets you eat near the water. They have a lot of popular chain stores and then a couple more "privately owned" stores. It's a very good mix of trendy and polished clothing. The mall is right across from the pinecrest area so you better expect to cough up some money. Most of the stores are higher end and pricey but the merchandise is good quality. The only thing I have to say is the mall should invest some money in rennovating the stores, especially the theater. It's starting to look a bit run down and out-of-date. This place deserves a face lift!
I love the Falls!! It is a great shopping experience. The outdoor atmosphere makes you shopping experience very enjoyable. It's never too packed so you don't feel like you have to elbow somebody just to get around. They have a lot of good stores and even some really nice restaurants. The fact that its not too far from my house is a great incentive for me as well :)
so besides the little gangs of teenagers on saturday nights, this place is a decent place to shop, large enough of a selection and not that crowded. It's not very big, but it has a movie theatre, starbucks, macys and apple store, so that's enough to make me happy and definitely more manageable than some of the other malls. Plus it's outdoors, so it's always a plus for me!
Nice mall, nice landscaping, nice restaurants, and a great Apple Store. I love hanging out with my friends here. Although around 9 o'clock, the security starts to get a little pushy. Even with older people, they force them to walk around areas. Well, at least it's not Sunset. 3 stars but with all the new stores coming out, I'll be willing to give this place a 4.
This is the kind of mall where you can easily spend your whole day. Eat at PF Changs. Have your nails done at Nail Spa. Watch a movie at Regal. Shop til you drop at C&B, Express, Macy's, Apple or Bloomingdales. Have a cafecito at Starbucks and a crepe at CrepeMaker. Not all exactly in that order. The mall is outdoors and is pretty chill. Lately, with the addition of American Girl and BJ's Brewhouse, it's been a little more packed. Besides that, I really do like this mall.
I love the location of the mall and the combination of stores! When you catch a great sale at Macy's it can't be beaten! Yankee Candle is one of the BEST stores! Ask for Tracey when you visit - she's the best! Most of the restaurants are good too. Here's a little secret... The Mojito Grill stand next to the Apple Store makes AMAZING breakfast sandwhiches - just get there before 10:30!
Absolutely love this mall!  This is a  place to hang out, bring your family and friends, and just relax and have a great time.  Unlike traditional mall where hoards of people rampaging the walk way, this mall has more of a calmness and easiness.  Maybe its the beautiful outdoor environment, or the calming sounds of the water flowing that makes every moment there seem just a little more special.  Parking is plentiful, and the mall can be entered through multiple points.  All in all, I highly recommend everyone to bring their family and friends to this mall.
I love the open-air decor at this mall, with all of the fountains, foliage and, yes, "falls".  Aside from weekends (when it's crowded as hell) it's relaxing and fun to just walk around.  Like the selcection of restaurants and stores.  Love that it has a Bloomingdales.  Parking can be a nightmare.  Given the upscale location and ambiance, not overly impressed with the movie theater.
This place is great to take out of town visitors or just to go for a stroll on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Personally I don't do much shopping here as I prefer Dadeland or Dolphin mall for my serious shopping. The Macy's was renovated not long ago so it's pretty, but I prefer the Macy's in Dadeland Mall because it has a bigger selection. In the evenings it's nice to walk around with a date. They have some good restaurants, especially PF Chang's and TGI Friday's. The movie theater is not so great because it's old, no stadium seating. But go here on a beautiful day, especially if you're from out of town, as it provides some pretty scenery for Kodak moments.
I love The Falls.  It has awesome stores, and beautiful ambience.  We go at least once a week, just to get outside and get some air.  It is always immaculate, and the selection of stores is great.  Overall, awesome.
Very nice mall well out door mall... It nice place to go on a walk on a weekend. There is a verity of stores and its very nice. Has some very good restaurants and shops. I recommend.
I visted the Falls  during christmas vacations. In addition, i bought a few items and had an awesome time looking at the christmas lights and beautiful people everywhere : ). during the christmas season  there is definately lots of people. Totally crowded. Moreover, sometimes they have musicans either singin or playing instruments. Also, some of their stuff in stores are on sale. If u are in the mood for lunch, u can visit several of their restaurants. The employees are always polite, friendly, warm and totally inviting. The totally greet u with a smile : ). I can't wait to go back . See u soon : )
The falls always holds such great memories. Very far from my house but i love coming here whenever i get a chance and im by the area. This is an outside mall which makes it different from dolphin, aventura or dadeland. Lots of great shops and they even have a decent movie theatre. Only downside is that it's full of teeny boppers on the weekends, so if you're trying to have a nice night out avoid coming here on a saturday night.
i really love this mall. If its a beautiful day out in South Florida its great just to walk around.  Their waterfalls and ponds are beautiful. Sure the stores arent amazing but it beats being trapped inside a stuffy mall
Really nice Mall with an open concept. Beautiful gardens fountains and landscaping. It seems to be a high End trendy stores Mall
I love this mall! It's beautiful and well kept. They have a great variety. They have a theater and a couple of restaurants. The river that flows through the middle of the mall is very soothing. Its a great mall in general.
I like the Falls . The only down fall it has for me is there i no plus size stores there. Other than the Apple store i have no reason o go there.
Forget about the gigantic shopping megaplexes. This is a small, charming, open air shopping center. It features a "river" with small waterfalls that runs in it's center from one end to the other, with small wooden bridges over it. It's all open, and the stores surround the "river". Of course it has the traditional big names (Macy's, Williams Sonoma, etc.), but my favorite shop is the Apple store: cool and hip. Grab a cup of coffee, a french Strawberry Crepe with Vanilla Ice topping and sit on one of the benches, hearing the noise of the small waterfalls and doing some serious people watching. Relaxing. Cool.
A great outdoor mall; a novelty for it's time.  When I first came here in 1993, I thought it was so cool.  I loved that little river they had flowing through the middle of the walkway.  I think they have great stores and in a wonderful setting.  The TGI Friday's is always a safe bet for a decent meal, the movie theatres are really a comfort zone, and I'm all for the little ice cream place they have.  I don;t know why, but everytime I've tried to shop there, I never got anything done.  Maybe because there are too many cool distractions like the Apple Store and some of the cars they have in the middle of the outdoor mall.  Then, you see the movie theatre and just say, "Eh F it, I'm just gonna watch a movie then go home."
It's a nice mall.... you can hear the water running if you walk around the middle of the mall... specially nice around the holidays, the decoration is nice!  So many changes I saw several days ago, it really seemed that it was a long time I did not visit The Falls.  But changes are good, my favorite stores are still there: Macy's, Swim & Sport, Loft, Banana Republic, Brookstone and many more.
Oh how I miss this place!! When I lived in Miami I used to come here all the time. This was and still is my favorite mall. I love the river that runs through it and just how relaxing it is. I can't say that about any other mall I've been to.
I love the Falls! Parking is easy, walking around the shops is pleasant even on a hotter day because of all the shade. It has the core stores I need plus Bloomies. In the vicinity is a Pink Berry, Corner Bakery, and Fresh Market. I would much rather schlep down here than up to Aventura.
Contrived and a bit snobby, but lovely nonetheless.  I come here for Bloomingdale's and BCBG's clearance sales.  Usually I make the trek worthwhile by going to TJ Maxx, Old Navy,  Marshall's, and Panera which are not in the mall but very close by.  This is all day shopping territory, people.
This mall is a hit or miss. It has great stores but I feel like it can be better. The one thing I absolutely love about this place is that it's an open mall. When there is amazing weather outside, it's an added bonus to go shopping.
Nice little outdoor mall in Miami. They offer a good variety of stores. Doesn't compare to Bal Harbour (not high end stores) but not a bunch of junk stores either. Corp stores such as Bloomingdales, Sunglass Hut, Apple, etc mixed with some cute boutiques. I appreciated the lovely little Asian inspired, water garden located in the center, throughout the mall. Definitely a nice change from the average mall.
I love shopping at The Falls!  You don't have to pay for parking and I know where all the stores are.  There is also a Regal Cinema here.  A nice, relaxing place to shop that's usually not too crowded.  Has all the stores that my kids love like Macys, Abercrombie, Hollister, GAP, Banana Republic, Mrs. Fields & Wetzel Pretzels, to name a few.
It's a very Romantic Mall. Few of my faves r Victorias Secret, Macy's, Disney & Bloomingdales. Oh & the restaurants! Great Selections like PF changs, Friday's,Jonny Rockets,Los Ranchos & more
The Falls is a very pretty outdoor mall, but it has way too many middle schoolers and high schoolers running around constantly. The shops are generally targeted more towards younger kids so I used to be in love with this place, but by now I have grown out of it. Parking is free though and it's definitely a good place for kids and families!
this mall is good ... nice to walk around and spend time with your love one...
This is a very nice mall. It's very clean, it's outdoors, and in the middle they have an artificial lake or pond. They have from Bloomingdales to the Apple store.
Good shops, you tend to find what you usually find in any mall--GAP, Banana Republic, and Macy's to name a few. Some stores can be pricey--but it tends to be worth it. The mall has a good selection of restaurants for both intimate and family. Once you go to the Falls you will come back.
I like it, but it has no many options for lunch..
Definitely not another shopping mall!  While the stores may change as frequently as some celebrities seem to pick us mistresses, the basic staples (a movie theater, Bloomingdales, Crate and Barrel, Macy's and the Apple store) all hold steady.  What it lacks in unique choices though it makes up for in atmosphere.  Yes Florida can be beastly hot.  However, the Falls offers air conditioned stores and covered walkways that actually make it tolerable to stroll around outside!  What's more is that it provides actual visual stimulation with gorgeous waterfalls and greenery that make you forget you're in a mall.  During the holidays they set up twinkle lights that are beautifully stunning.  Always very clean and well maintained, and although parking can be tough on weekends you can usually find a spot in the large garage.  Great if you want to run and check out the stores, but also nice just for window shopping and even just for strolling around when you want to be outside only not really (cause it is just too insanely hot).
The falls has almost all the stores you can think of like build-a-bear,Victoria's secret etc.but it's pricey.oh, and has restaurants.
this place is def one of my faves esp. when the climate is nice. we also like the theater here bec it doesn't get stupid crazy like all the others in the area. and to top things off, fresh market is opening soon! one stop shop! =)
most stores were really small, there were almost no people and it all seemed to be somehow abandoned.
This is a beautiful outdoor mall with a nice mix of upscale (not luxury) stores that can cater to most people. Loved the Bloomingdales here as an anchor and the Restoration Hardware. The river that runs through the mall is a nice change to the enclosed malls in Miami. I know it can rain often but its shocking there aren't more outdoor malls in Miami. A nice open airy concept taking advantage of the great sunny Miami weather....you can find these stores elsewhere in the Miami metro, but you won't find them in this setting.
