People might have different perspectives on the Dolphin Mall, but for me being new to Miami and it being the second mall I have been to I would have to give it a go. The first mall I went to was Dadeland Mall which was not my cup of tea. I was rushing to look for a dress for NYE and was going a quick in and out of stores because I was not having any luck. I just wanted to find one dress and couldn't do so. Luckily I had a backup dress in my closet to wear at LUX that night. But when I went to the Dolphin Mall a week later the first store I went into I found multiple dresses and had wished that my boyfriend brought me to that mall instead for that NYE dress I was looking for. Most malls back home are not like the Dolphin Mall. They are more like the Aventura Mall, so I have heard, where they have the basic department stores like Macy's, JCPenny's, Nordstroms, and Sears. I never really like those stores except Nordstroms. The Dolphin Mall is filled with bigger boutique stores and younger stores like Forever21, BEBE, Guess, etc. They need a H&M store in there though. When I went there I easily found a close parking. It was early in the morning a little after opening, and it was hectic at all. The mall was too big for going on an empty stomach. My boyfriend and I could not walk the whole entire mall that day because we needed to go back and grab a bite. Not a big fan of eating in malls.
"Let's go to Dolphin mall on Saturday!" No -__- execute yourself lol. On the weekends it's the worst even friday night finding parking space is a mission and it's very crowded in the halls. Go on weekdays or very early in the morning you get to shop in peace. They have alot of pretty good stores and entertainment like two movie theatres, bowling, restaurants like dave and buster, cheesecake factory, p.f. changs, buffalo wild wings, johnny rockets, and bars. The food court has pretty decent food. It's worth visiting ;p Only annoying thing is the people in the kioske's trying to sell you crap you don't need just look away.
I love this mall. It has great stores, great restaurants, and the theater also has Cine Bistro. I didn't give it 5 stars because parking is a night mare!!! The best thing to do is valet. My favorite stores are Forever 21, Alexa Koi, Juicy Couture Outlet, Coach Outlet, and some others I can't remember right now. Also it's always super packed unless you go early during the week.
I love this mall!! The entrance has a cute bar and lot's of restaurants.  The best time to come here is in the early afternoon cause it  becomes crowded and loud later in the day. I don't care for malls but I enjoy coming here because I always find something.  The stores are very affordable and unique.  The boutiques are my favorite, you can find one of a kind pieces that no one else is wearing.  The outlet stores are a plus and their huge!!! But why did they close down the bookstore?? ugh
I've been going to Dolphin Mall on a regular basis since 2004.  It's close to the resort I stay at in Doral.  Dolphin Mall is a huge outlet mall.  It's the largest shopping center in Miami-Dade County with over 240 stores.  I usually visit during one of the major national holiday weekends (e.g. July 4th weekend) when there are always all sorts of sales going on. Dolphin Mall gets absolutely slammed with people during this time.  One year, I went the day after Thanksgiving (Black Friday) and it was a nightmare.  On the flip side, I've been on Thanksgiving Day when everything is closed except for the movie theater. There's plenty of parking, though you may have to park far away.  I like to enter the mall through OFF 5TH since it's close to my favorite retailers Brooks Brothers and Polo.  I've purchased a lot of work and casual wear here (including a couple pairs of swim trunks).  I also purchased one of my favorite pairs of dress shoes at the Clarks Bostonian store. Many great deals can be found at Dolphin Mall if you're willing to deal with the crowds.  An interesting thing I've noticed at this outlet compared to outlets in the Carolinas and Georgia is some customers will load up on entire cartfuls of clothing.  It looks like they're buying wholesale and planning to resell the merchandise elsewhere.  Out of the country, perhaps?
I visited Dolphin Mall last night to go to the Cobb movie theater.  Being from North Broward, it's painfully obvious that I do not belong at a mall in Miami, least of all this one.  The parking was absolutely horrendous and frightening - drivers do not obey the signs, they consider them more of a suggestion.  Then I miraculously find a spot, only to be chased down by a valet threatening to tow my car because apparently it's in the valet area... except the lane was not blocked with any signs like the others.  Of course, he managed to block it once I got back in my car to leave, essentially locking me in.  Thanks, dude.  I managed to get a parking spot 20 minutes later... and I wasn't even being picky. Then there's the issue of the crowds.  Granted, I was in the "busy" section of the mall, but wow... it was a Sunday, and the place was jam packed.  Doesn't anyone work the next day?  I felt mildly claustrophobic. So the movie theater... apparently everyone loves this place.  It's okay... it has stadium seating (which I used to take for granted until I lived in Montana for a while), and it's clean.  But we went to see Bolt in 3-D, and they charged an extra $2 for the 3-D glasses.  Muvico does not charge for the glasses - the ticket price for 3-D movies is the same as any other movie.  And Cobb asks you to give them back after the movie?  No thanks, we paid for them, we keep them :) I do like Strike Miami, so I'll probably be back here for that... but I'm going to ask someone else to drive, it's too stressful for me!
I've now been here twice. Three times if you take into account that I had to get back in the car, merge into the equivalent of race day traffic on turn 3 at Daytona and drive through two zip codes to get through the parking lot to get over to Buffalo Wild Wings. If you're not quick enough or brave enough you'll end up like the Griswold's in "European Vacation." "Look kids, Sports Authority, Bass Pro!" For the next ten weeks I have a Tuesday night obligation near the mall. Since my office is 10 minutes north of here and home is 40 minutes south, I have embraced the gray-haired craze of mall walking. I've been given the moniker of "Papi Gringo" by some of the regulars. I haven't trekked very far, like watching glass blowing, I can be mesmerized by someone standing next to a kiosk hawking a total body makeover that consists of a full body girdle topped off with a neon lit hat proclaiming "I heart Miami." There's a hodgepodge of purveyors ranging from Saks and Neiman Marcus to Brow Art 23, if you want that makeover to be complete. There's a movie theater that serves dinner, a Sam Ash and a bookstore that has (I'm certain it's still there) a John McCain paper doll making book. It's a very accommodating facility from what I can tell. If you've no babysitter to leave your twin chihuahuas with, bring them along! Just returned from Nigeria and need US dollars for Cinnabon, there's a currency exchange right when you walk in the door! As for Papi Gringo, he'll keep coming back.  Maybe not to the same area.  Maybe not even in the same postal code as he's been before.   Though there has to be a store selling GPS's.
I don't really mind the younger crowd, plus it all depends when you go. If you go on a Friday night or on the weekend, yes it will be full of annoying loud teens, but during the week is much nicer. I love the HUGE selection of stores, Borders, Cobb Theaters, FYE, Marshals, Footaction, Michael Kors, Coach etc. The food court also has a wide selection of choices. I recommend taking advantage of the free samples. Overall, I would say that Dolphin Mall is one of my favorite malls here in South Florida. I'm a fan. 4 stars!
Okay....I went here went SoBe flooded & I couldn't get home a couple weeks ago. This place is a complete MADHOUSE on Friday nights!! The place is huge, parking is a bit of a disaster, and standard to Miami... everyone drives like maniacs in the parking lot.... so be careful! Once you get inside you have to dodge a million tweens & teens. So, those were my gripes. On the plus side, they do have a large variety of stores and it is kind of nice inside. (minus the hordes of kids). I milled around and went in some shops then decided to catch a movie. The theater was nice and clean, my popcorn was good and the workers were pretty nice & efficient. There was just some idiot that would periodically flash his laser pen on the screen to annoy everyone.... I think next time I'll check out the place you can have a waitress that is supposed to be pretty cool :) I can't remember what it's called, but it's in the same complex. Overall, parking is annoying, kids are annoying. Plus side, lots of variety of stores (including some outlet/discount type stores) and decent movie theater. SO... not my first choice of somewhere to go shopping, but I will probably swing by from time to time.
I don't even know where to begin with this place. Personally, I hate outlet malls but who doesn't like a good deal? I also hate crowds and this place is infested with people. Tweeners and teens in mass hordes get under my skin and this appears to be their dumping ground. I think tourists are amusing and they don't bother me and they visit this mall in droves. The only reason I come to this mall is because the office is nearby. People from work come here for lunch often and happy hours. So if I'm here, it's usually on a weekday during lunchtime, Even then, parking is hard to find within a 2 mile radius. There are cabbies lined up everywhere and huge charter buses picking up and dropping off tourists from the airport. I feel like the whole mall is geared towards everyone and anyone. You've got Dave and Busters and the movie theatre for teens,  the Cinebistro, Strike and Texas de Brazil for the older crowds and a whole slew of stores/kiosks for everyone else in between. Walking around the mall is an adventure consisting of people asking in spanish if you want to buy their chotchkes or get your nails buffed and teens being loud and obnoxius. There are alot of good stores that offer great prices but you have to come with the right mindset at the right time. How anyone comes here on a weekend sober with their kids and ready to look for items on sale is beyond my comprehension.
I hate this place. No, I SERIOUSLY hate this damn place. Parking is a complete nightmare, the hoards of teenagers during the weekend will drive you absolutely insane, the people that work there are incredibly unfriendly, the mall itself is a bizarre maze of confusion and no matter what time or what day you choose to go it will most certainly be ridiculously packed with people. You need to enter this Mall with a battle plan that will lead you to the destination that you need to go to and will allow you to finish as quickly as possible before you get sucked into the load of garbage that is Dolphin Mall.
Have you ever checked out the bathrooms here?  Its like they are never clean!!  I mean, they can be seriously disgusting at times - beware! Also, the people working at the kiosks will pester you as you walk by. I understand they are working but sometimes they get a little aggressive and a little in your face. This place is big but the far wings of the mall seem dead at times.   Parking can be a bit crazy - park in the back by FYE for an easier time. Mall security is joke - don't expect them to help if you are having a real problem.  My girlfriend was being accosted and had better luck just calling the police than mall security.
This is a tricky mall to review. It all depends on what your intentions are when you visit. There are several options and I will try my best to split them up and review each aspect appropriately. It is important to note that the time of day and day of week can dramatically skew aspects of my review. That said, here we go! Shopping Originally this mall was only outlet shops, but more recently non-outlet shops (standard retail) have found their way into the aisles. Fundamentally, I do not like this shift and I hope the outlet aspect comes back. There has also been a large amount of constructing occurring recently, hopefully to help expand the outlet aspect. I find that the mall, especially on the weekends are VERY full. Even with a massive parking area, you can spend several minutes looking for parking. Overall deals on clothing can be hit or miss depending on the store. I would highly recommend AGAINST any electronics purchases because all (electronics) shops are overpriced and have poor selections. If you are shopping, stick to the clothing stores and avoid the overpriced kiosks. Food There are two "areas" for food. The stereotypical food court located in the northwest of the mall and the restaurant area in the primary entrance. The food court is just that, a generic food court with everything you can imagine; Wetzel's Pretzels, Hagen Daaz, pizza, Chinese takeout, etc. The restraint area has an outdoor bar in the center with pasta, American food (Johnny Rocket's), Hispanic food, and even a Tavera Opa (which is one of the newest options). Each of the restaurants should get their own reviews. Cinema (Movies) Initially, when the mall first opened, there was only one theater, a Cobb theater. More recently, a secondary option opened up allowing for dinner, drinks, and a movie all in one location. When the movie has a waiting line, the lines are setup outside of the main theater area and on the second floor walkways. Efficient? Yes. Convenient? Sure. Ideal for customers? Not really. Hangout More and more hangout options are slowly developing. Initially there was just a Starbucks on the first floor and a bookstore by the entrance. A Strike Bowling was later added to give more options of where to hang out. There is also a Dave and Buster's located on the second floor which has the food, billiards, and arcade incorporated. Bottom Line: Recommended
dolphin mall  ive been to this mall many many time back in the day when I was 18  every Friday Saturday nights. I use to love going there with friends  to have theam crazy smoke secions all over the upstairs in the back seeing people do crazy shit poping Xanax to ecstasy.   gang fights braking out a lot  upstairs in the parking lot everywhere . law enforcement even raided the whole mall one night because like 10fights  had broken out already  and more were to come . this mall was crazy back in the day . now in days the sweetwater police has taken over and none of the exict just a bunch of tourist and friendly people  . I still go hear to walk around and eat in there good resturants .
Large mall, it seems bigger than Aventura to be honest. I notice the stores here are cheaper and aren't as high end as Aventura. It's always clean inside and it doesn't get too packed. It has lots of resturants, a dave and busters, and a movie theathre. But I still prefer Aventura.
What doesn't this mall have?!?! It has to be the best mall in Miami when it comes to the variety of stores located here. You can get great designer clothes so you can look like a sopisticated douche, get some fishing gear for your boring fishing trip, there's a hawaiian shirt store in case you like looking like a moron and a movie theater so you can catch the latest Nicholas Sparks novel-turned horrible film. It may not come off, but I do like this mall. I'm sure if you're looking for clothes, you'll find it here & for cheap. There are many places to eat at the food court along with the major restaurants such as PF Changs, Texas de Brazil or the Kobe Japanese place. Or go to the CineBistro, it's an excellent place to treat yourself to a movie & wine. That is all
I liked dolphin mall.  It was pretty decent.  It's supposed to be an outlet mall, but it isn't really.  It does get a bit crowded and you'll walk a lot, as if you were in an outlet mall, but I found there was a good selection.  Lots of places to find cute shoes :).  Marshall's had some really nice surprises in that department, when I went.  I didn't see the swarms of teenagers (I've seen much worse at Sunset Place), but maybe I got lucky. Not the best place to be stuck if you are hungry, so make your dining plan before hand.  Food here is extremely overpriced and not quite centralized like you would expect for a normal food court.  One exception as far as price and quality for food was Gelateria Parmalat.  ~~YUM~~
I had to update my review. I liked the vibe, but when it came to shopping, meh! I didn't realize it was mainly an outlet type mall. I am really not big into the outlet versions of the stores I would normally shop in. Also, being from Orlando - if I am going to do Outlet Mall..we have some of the best to choose from. If Outlet is what your looking for, this certainly has lots choose from. I still really like the assortment of restaurants and open bar areas and the outdoor party atmosphere.
Here's my take on malls...I don't really dig them! When I need to buy something, I go straight to that particlar place and get it, if it's not there I'm willing to do 2 stores more at the most and that is it. I refuse to stay a whole day in a place where my money may disappear from my pocket without necessity. HOWEVER...I am very fortunate to have family from out of the country stay with me often and Dolphin mall never lets me down. It's a one stop shop for all the things people come looking for at cheap prices. Yes, I have subject myself to the masses of tourists and locals dressed in tacky chonga clothing but if I can manage to help my people get their things in one place, on one day that just means we get to go out and actually relax, have fun and forget about shopping. Love the theater here, plenty of places to eat... BIGGEST FLAW: very little places to sit around the stores.
I love Dolphin! It gets crazy busy on the weekends, so I try to go on weekdays in the early afternoon whenever possible. Also on weekends there are like a billion annoying teenagers causing havoc around the mall and generally just crowding up the walkways. I guess there's not much else for them to do in Doral... Bottom line: avoid on weekends. There are so many great outlet stores - Saks, Bloomingdale's, Michael Kors, Lord & Taylor, Nordstrom Rack, Cole Haan, I could go on and on - no matter what you're looking for you'll be almost sure to find it! The only problem here is parking. It's a nightmare. Luckily, I'm a mall expert and totally know how to find stellar parking spots fast, but even sometimes I have trouble! The line for the valet is quite crazy, so it's pretty much pointless. The best part for me is that it's a quick zip from Brickell. It seems like it would be a long haul, especially in traffic, but time your visit properly and it only takes 15-20 minutes - faster than going to Dadeland or Aventura!
I looooove this mall. I always save a on of money at Gap and Old Navy outlets. I love that it is a huge mall and it has a few stores that I frequent. Great place for the family to hangout and relax. Bring your comfy shoes because you will to do alot of walking
Unless you go with a strict agenda, prepare to be there for some time. This mall isn't as big as Sawgrass, but its big enough for you to take at least a half hour for a walk around. There are, naturally, a wide variety of stores in the mall. My go to places are probably just the nike outlet and marshalls. Burlington isn't bad either, but it always seems to be so messy all the time. Parking isn't bad either, unless its by the main entrance. They just opened a Buffalo Wild Wings, also.
I'm not really a mall kind of guy...and I usually only go when I need to buy some clothes or something, but I usually stay away from Dolphin Mall for a few reasons. The first reason being is that Dolphin Mall is generally packed beyond belief. Not only is it crowded beyond belief but is packed with a lot of kids that can tend to be pretty annoying. If you go there on a Friday or Saturday night it seems like every teenager in Miami has gathered at Dolphin Mall. Dolphin Mall does have a LOT of stores but if you're like me and generally just go to the mall to go clothes shopping, and you're a guy, then this mall isn't for you. They don't really have too many stores for guys clothes from what I've seen. As far as clothes go, this mall seems to be geared more towards women. On a positive note they do have a pretty good selection of places to eat at the food court, there are some pretty good restaurants, a nice movie theater (although that gets packed with the teens), a nice Dave and Busters and a pretty cool Bowling Alley. All in all it's not a bad mall, but it's just not the kind of place that I would go to do my shopping.
Alright, I'll admit- I'm an avid Internet shopper. I get most of my clothes online because it's convenient and it feels like Christmas every time there's a box for me waiting outside my door. Lately, I've taken to shopping at this mall. Mainly because my other half but dare I say I have grown to like it?! Pause. I still love shopping online but I have to admit this mall has a variety of stores as well as entertainment options. Though the people that work in the mall stores range from 'I-sincerely-care' to 'I-hate-my-life-what-do-you-want?', you can still find bargains. Just beware of the parking- expect to park far away and walk and you'll be glad you did. People tend to drive terribly in this lot.
Look at the end of the day you gotta love designer names, trends and high end brands. This is a no nonsense mall... you get what you pay for and it's dam worth it!!! Upsides: High end desginer stores: Bloomies, Saks off the 5th, Micheal Kors, BCBG, Brooks Brothers, Banana Republic , BEBE, Polo Store etc. Lots of choices and low prices Large selection and many different stores You can hit up the movies, cinebistro, grab a bite to eat or go bowling after. (pretty dam convient!!) You can also get a work out going on,, the place is very big so at least you can say you went shopping an walked 3 miles when you go! lol Go on a weekday much more enjoyable experience Do a chicken run " Head to the food court and  sample the lemon, bourbon, bbq, spict chicken"!!! This is a must! Downsides: DO NO GO ON WEEKENDS! HOT MESS!! Limited parking,,, they need to build a few parking garages here! Many tourist and people running and pushing there way through here. Look... AT The end of the day I enjoy and appreciate Dolphin Mall, not for the experience but for all the compliments I get from the stuff I purchased here :).
This is a good mall and not too big (not too much walking), basically have whatever you need. The Calvin Klein bag shop offer  really good bargains! The SONY shop offers amazing service. But I would go for Sawgrass Mills any given day :-)
This mall was designed to be an outlet mall. Many of the store are outlet stores. My favorite stores to shop at here are Ralph Lauren, Michael Kors, Banana Republic, Bath and Body Works, DSW, and Guess. The best time to shop here is first thing in the morning. Later in the day, the mall gets pretty packed. If you want to take the bus, it does not come right into the mall, you have to catch it at one of the bus stops on the side streets near the mall.
Dolphin Mall is always full to capacity. I've come at any hour and there are always herds of people there ranging in ages. The stores, I find, are mostly aimed at women... which I find convenient and there are several ways to pass the time if you decide to come here; You could go to one of many bars and have a drink, you could bowl, watch a movie, have dinner, go to an arcade... there really is a variety of different things to do. My reasons for not coming to Dolphin Mall more often are: The parking, you could come at 10:30 a.m. on  a Tuesday and you're going to have to park all the way in the back, the crowds... sometimes its really a pain to even walk next to your friend by your side because of all the people... even watching a movie... you'd have to show up at least half an hour before in order to make up the time you're in line to buy the tickets. I have had good times here, company happy hours for instance, playing games at D&B, even finding a great sale. But, I wouldnt say its my first choice no matter how versetile it is.
I am a fan of this huge mall, boasting with over 240 stores!  Although it doesn't have the big name brand such LV, Gucci, Christian Dior, etc., it has a lot of the mainstream stores that are at most malls, i.e. Calvin Klein, Aldo, Ralph Lauren, Banana Republic, Victoria Secret, Claires, etc.   The coolest part about shopping here is that there are a lot of outlet and factory stores, which equates to great savings!   Unlike some of the stores at outlets, these have better quality items and more up to date.  I scored some great savings today at Banana Republic Outlet and Aldo Outlet!  Who knew there were Aldo Outlets! This mall is huge.  They have a Dave & Buster, Texas De Brazil, Bass Pro Shop, quite a few restaurants, live band at nights, big food court, and is very busy throughout the day.  They even have smart carts for $4 for those who a buy a lot of stuff.  I've only seen these at the Airport.
I actually don't like that mall, too far, too crowded, too loud, smelly, but they have awesome stores and outlets!!! We exploded the shopping budget yesterday going to the Nike outlet store, Banana Republic, Oakley, Lindt... And I was also looking for Zara and Esprit but had to be reasonable... What I don't like at malls like that, it's people eating all the time, everywhere, everything! So it smells like food and fried food everywhere. It's crazy, you don't know if it's late lunch or snacks or early dinner! The food court is always packed and almost everybody is walking eating or drinking something! :):):)
It was my first time at this mall. And it was during the week, at an odd hour of the day. It was still full of people. When I go shopping, I go when there are limited of people so I can shop peacefully. Since it was packed, I was unable to enjoy my time at dolphin mall, in essence preventing businesses from making revenue from a customer as I. It is a mixture of a crowd at this mall, however, the people are rude. New yorkers would not mush or bombard people in the stores. If I go back, I will go in the early morning, on a random day.
3.5 for the parking (look below which saves the precious minutes) Yelp, why are there 2 Dolphin Malls when I searched the app? Anywho, I enjoyed this crazy busy outlet mall The same goodies I couldn't find in my local malls I found here in outlet-form Sweeeeet Thank you Saks Off 5th for the awesome add'l 40% off skinny jeans Oh Last Call you had the uber timeless oversized shades I coveted Juicy here had the charm that was sold out at my local Galleria Forever 21 had a Hello Kitty lunchbox that I've seen via online 4D Gelateria mangoed me well - tasty and refreshing So thankful for the valet parking Holiday season shopping needs services like these Be sure to have cash
I have a love-hate relationship with this mall.  The parking is atrocious, but I've learned the trick.... If everyone is going right, go left...Sounds like common sense, but apparently many people that come here follow each other.  Go to the North side of the mall and you will find good parking. To get out of the mall, leaving through the main entrance (NW 12 st.) BAD Idea... Go through any other exit and you'll be able to leave with your sanity.   Another good idea... DON"T go at night during the weekend... Tons of little kids all over the place and plenty of refs hanging out.  Not my cup of tea, so I tend to avoid it like the plague ( at night).   The stores are good and a HUGE diversity... which is nice if you need to buy different things or just want to "window" shop.  They are Outlet stores, but you get good deals. I gave it another star because you get to have some drinks and then go shopping or vice verse. I enjoy the "Let's Make a Daiquiri" to have some drinks, but don't linger too long around since the "refs" come out at night.... and nothing can ruin a cocktail more than a "OYE MAMIIII " Happy shopping!!!
EVERY SCREAMING CHILD in the state of Florida is apparently at this mall every time I go, to the point i will probably not be going back. It is PACKED at all times. I also have NEVER experienced such a parking nightmare or traffic control problem EVER (how about a light at the entrance people? I almost got smashed because there are 4 lanes of traffic that are supposed to STOP for incoming traffic (which they dont because they would NEVER MOVE). 35 minutes circling the entire mall looking for a parking spot - shortest time was 15 minutes) - just horrific! It is a large mall, with a decent selection, but the clientele leave a LOT to be desired. The stores are so busy, that you usually end up in line for over 15 minutes just trying to check out, and you can sense the frustration of the employees in any store you are in - I have been pushed, shoved, banged into and stepped on every time I am in this mall. I am usually a fan of three times and you are out - and I believe the Dolphin Mall on a weekend (due to its distance, i can only go on weekends) is out for shopping (but NOT for CineBistro!!). The only plus side is that the food court has alcohol.
Ok...Im kinda stuck on this review. Allow me to explain... The Mall itself (the stores) is awesome. They are outlet stores with awesome selections. The mall is clean and what not. However, the ambiance is HORRENDOUS! ...this is where my confusion lies. It's way too crowded with underage children acting as if they were of age...today we walked into the open area and there must have been about 80 kids waiting for 2 guys to have a fight. I was with my husband and 13 month old daughter. I didn't feel safe and was concerned for our well being. How sad is that? Kids are CRAZY nowadays, most of them carry guns so we had to move into the mall quickly. The mall was way too crowded and full of tourists rolling 2 suitcases per person! HORRIBLE!! The movie theater is full of teens who are making out or skipping in lines...AHHH! I could easily get arrested for punching them out! PARKING is a nighmare! Either you wait in at least a 20 car line for Valet or park a mile away! In conclusion, its a shame families can no longer enjoy a day at Dolphin Mall without shielding their children from horny/hormonal teens! UGH!!!
Had time to kill before cruise, so ventured down to Dolphin Mall. Luckily our Marriott had a shuttle had in front to take us, as taxi woulda been $40. Place is huge! Lotsa places to eat, nice variety of shops, and outlets. Apperance is kinda like a warehouse, not ritzy. but prices were good. Perfect place to kill a couple of hours...bought 18 pairs so socks! Great Deal on socks!
Frankly, this is a mall I will never visit again. It's not that you can't find good deals but I should have Yelped this before driving there, because I loathe outlet shopping. I am under the impression that retailers like Banana Republic or Ann Taylor, don't actually take the clothes they sell in their REAL stores, and put them in these Outlet stores heavily discounted once the season is over. I'm pretty sure they have another division making clothes JUST for their outlet brands, and this is why I couldn't find anything decent to buy or wear, keeping in line with their original retail store offerings. It was all fairly cheap fabric, some of it in strange cuts, but priced at a "discounted" rate, which is probably the retail rate of what it'd really cost, if it didn't have the store's name on it. Pass. I found it busy, and had to stalk a shopper leaving the mall to get a parking spot. I'd rather go to a real mall. Even the Saks off 5th which I LOVED in Dallas, was really disappointing here. I couldn't find a thing to buy. :(
This place is huge and CROWDED, but if you're looking to do all your shopping in one place, it is probably a good place to go. I just would recommend during the day on a weekday, as otherwise there will be a billion families and teenagers running around the place. We have been here often, usually to go to Texas de Brazil (before they opened the Miami Beach location) and most recently to go to a movie. I would not recommend the regular theater for anyone over the age of 18, as I am only 21 yet I felt so old and annoyed the entire time in the theater from all the younger kids. We haven't yet tried Cinebistro, but the 21 and over rule sounds much better, and we will definitely be checking that out for our next movie. This mall is supposed to be an outlet mall, and while all the stores may not feel like it, there are quite a few options that are really worth the trip. My favourite is the Bath and Body Works outlet, which always has amazing sales. I never shop in any other location anymore because of the deals that I always find in the Dolphin location. The Banana Republic also normally has some really good sales. There are literally tens of dozens of shops in this place, and while it is supposed to be smaller or less outlet-like than Sawgrass, I really prefer Dolphin when comparing the two despite the crowds. I'll write a review on the Cinebistro here once we're able to check it out, but for now I would say try another theater as the crowd here really isn't worth it.
WOW! Wow was the first thing that came out of mouth when I walked through Miss Dolphin Mall. This male is HUGE!!! I love how all the restaurants are connected too many to choose from. First off I never been to a mall where I had to rest every hour because its so darn big geez. Alot of High end stores and lil discount ones as well. I love the entrance of the mall as well. When I come back to MIAMI I will visit you again!! Add more PLUS SIZE CLOTHING STORES THANKS!
If you want the "Miami Experience" Come here: The girls are HOT HOT HOT...even if most of them are either grandmas or underage. The guys look super feminine no matter how tough they really are. There will be terrible drivers attempting to get you into an accident, and everyone has a major attitude problem, but that's all part of the arrogant Miami Swagger. There are some diamond in the rough stores like Aldo & A'gaci. Stay away from the food court or stick to simple items like roasted nuts, smoothies--nothing you have to eat with your hands or might end up on those nasty trays. If you get hungry, go to the outer area by the entrance for food. Kobe is safe, and delicious! Beware of the theater because as I mentioned the personalities earlier, it applies there too, plus popcorn and trash everywhere and they make comments through entire films. If you like to people watch then go to Dolphin Mall. Otherwise, might be best to save your shopping for International Mall.
The best time to come here is during the morning/day - and if you're like me, you're most likely at a little place we all call work.   There are many stores to choose from, lots of outlets, and pretty decent buys.  Food is not an issue, as there are various places sprinkled throughout the mall aside from the restaurants in the food court. There's a movie theatre here which I've visited maybe twice in my life because parking is ridiculous.  There's also a Cine Bistro; that I do make the sacrifice to come to beacuse it's the only one around.   So all in all, three stars for the actual stores, but bumped down to two stars because parking and crowds turn me off that much. I'm an impatient gal! Tourists are crawling all over the place, stringing along those annoying little shopping carts they love. If you come on the weekend, good luck - it's a jungle.
Parking is always a problem regardless of day and time BUT I love the selection of shops here. They always have good sales throughout the mall and the the Cinebistro movie theatre is awesome!
I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. Way too crowded. Way too loud. I go to run into Sam Ash with my husband, do a drive around to lot four to go into BCBG, and I'm out. Never, ever, ever  walk from one store to the next, I'd rather spend an extra 15 minute looking for parking on the other end than walk through this mall. Movie theater: full of annoying, bad mannered, teenagers (oh god I sound so old). Parking for movie theater, borders, barnes and noble, and other restaurants - Hell! Don't like. Don't like. Don't like. They don't even have a Banana Republic or Gap outlet - c'mon, I don't want to drive all the way to Sawgrass (as I don't like that mall either).
Dolphin Mall, you either love it or hate it.  Considering I spend most of my lunch hour here I LOVE IT!!! I haven't always had a LOVEY DOVEY  relationship with this mall but since a couple new additions & my friendly and benevolent food court mama's I have grown to love it. First off Food, this review is for yelpers after all, ok so if you do the sample round at the Food Court you won't need to spend a dime on food and you can spend it on shopping.  The "mamitas" at the food court love to hand out super sized samples. (maybe they know me & see my starving face but I love it) I have a particular bond with the "Mambo Chicken" & the Charley's Sub ladies.  If you want to go healthy you can go to the Japanesse Spot next to Charley's and get Loads of Veggies with freshly cooked chicken or beef.   Shopping: The Banana Republic Outlet is AWESOME...I go directly to the Clearance Section and always find a steal! The new Bloomingdales Outlet is incredible, I recently bought a dress and I thought I was spending too much, $60 was on the tag...mind you the original price was $270.  When I finally realized it was a bargain I was blown away when the cashier said "your total is $42.89" I almost died of happiness.  I'm pretty frugal when it comes to spending for myself.   I like the Ross here, it is not as bad as the others a little more organized.  Just a tad!!! WARNING: It's a mission to pay because of the tourist that visit. The Forever 21 gets me nervous, I don't know if it's the massive amount of tweens or hot S.Americans(who although tow 4 children, manage to look like Victoria Secret Models) that intimidate me.  Still get the staples here. Forever X1 IS ALWAYS PACKED!!!! I also love bringing co-workers here...they love it & I love their happiness! Movie theater is ok on the weekday, avoid the chongivity activity during the weekend.  Much love to my chongas!!!
This mall is totally LOL-worthy. I like it because I can find good designer things at Saks for cheap because nobody in Doral or Kendall would know who Diane Von Furstenberg is anyway! Definitely appreciate the Bath & Body Works outlet. I can find a lot of discontinued scents there.
This place is miserable. While it may have EVERYTHING, the problem is that the shops call themselves Outlet stores, but there are absolutely no deals to be found in these Outlets. I took the trek from South Beach to go shopping for some great deals and was very disappointed and aggravated. I bought a pair of Converse All Stars for the same price as they are for sale (at regular price) on Lincoln Rd. Walking through the mall is like walking through a can of sardines. It's miserably packed and noisy and lacks any kind of authenticity. I hovered between one and two stars, because it does deliver on the amount of shops. But to call itself an Outlet is a scam! In the end, just like Yelp's rating description, "Eek! Methings not." No, never again, Dolphin Mall.
This is a wannabe outlet mall. For the definition of an Outlet I suggest you visit Orlando Premium Outlets. To many guys starring at my girl as I walk around. No respect what so ever.
I came back down to Miami to celebrate my birthday and hang with my family & friends. My wife wanted to swing by Dolphin Mall to get her eyebrows done at some place she used to go to all the time. Needless to say, we knew we were back in Miami as soon as I got cut off getting into Dolphin Mall. I forgot how hectic the parking was and how horrible the customer service was. Don't get me wrong, I love this mall because of all the different stores and places to eat, but don't expect to get top notch service. I guess I'm just spoiled with the customer service that I've been experiencing since I've moved to Orlando. This place is always packed and parking is horrendous. Don't expect to park at the very front of any entrance at this mall; you either park far or valet your car. The traffic getting in and out of this mall is only going to get worse because they are building an IKEA right next door.
One of Miami's great malls, but this one isn't an outdoor one. This is one of the few enclosed, air-conditioned malls and this is a good one (and it being an outlet is another plus). At least it still looks good and is very colorful inside -- very Miami! All the popular stores are here as well as Borders, Dave & Busters, ChurroMania (for churros), a crepes place, Gelateria Parmalat (famous italian ice cream place), Haagan-Daz, TGI Friday's, Empanada Factory, Strike Miami (bowling), Texas de Brazil Churrascaria (rodizio), and a 19 screens theatre. There's a deaf social at night every other Friday at Dave & Buster's.
I appreciate the Dolphin Mall because it offers an alternative American indoor mall experience other than Dadeland Mall in the Miami-Dade area.  The cinemas are a big attraction, the TGI Friday's, the food court complete with Cinnabon, Chick-Fil-A, and all your favorites, and a pretty good list of stores and a variety of stands with merchandise.  They opened several things over the years at Dolphin Mall.  Strike was the first modern bowling alley in the area that doubled as a restaurant.   During Christmastime, Dolphin Mall is at it's best with Christmas decorations, trees, Santa, and Elves.  The demand for sweets and hot chocolate goes up despite the fact that the temperature didn't go down much.  The atmosphere is among the most Christmassy of the Miami-Dade malls.  Overall, I like it better than most malls in the county because although it can get packed, it was designed to handle a huge amount of cars in the parking lot and is a big enough labyrinth with so many attractions that not everything gets packed in a discomforting and intrusive way.  The mall could use more sports stores. electronic stores, hip hop stores, and other special interest stores.
Gets packed on weekends are you are more likely to hear Spanish spoken than English.  An interesting mix of outlet and regular shops, it's not nearly as big as Sawgrass Mills.  However it does have some nice options like a Saks, Neiman Marcus, and Bloomingdales outlets.  Dolphin also has some younger trendier non-outlet shops like  Forever 21 and Victoria's Secret.  For entertainment it boasts a movie theater, bowling alley and some larger restaurants (in addition to the fast food style food court indoors). Try to avoid parking in front of the main entrance or you may end up pretty far from the mall.
What a FUN place to go to! They pretty much have everything and anything here that you may need. On a recent business trip, some of my coworkers and I stopped here to get a few things. The guys went one way and another coworker and I went elsewhere. We saw everything from luggage to clothing stores. Neat place to people watch as well!!! If you have time to people watch or kill some time when you're in Miami, I suggest to stop here!
This is an outlet mall featuring primarily department stores that sell high end items: Bloomies, Saks, BCBG, etc.  I find that their prices and sales aren't really great though (or perhaps it was just the timing of my visit).   I was excited for my first visit to a Miami mall, but quickly left after a visit to a few of the stores.  Even the food court wasn't enticing me - and that is usually a big lure when I visit any shopping center.  Shopping should be made a sport.
A smaller outlet mall than Sawgrass Mills but a nice alternative.  Selection seems to be a bit better at Dolphin, its less picked over. Heed the warnings to avoid on weekends.  It definitely is that busy and crowded, like week before Xmas busy.
This place is the opposite of Disney World... It just stresses me out. I only come to the movie theaters and never to buy something. It just stresses me out sooo much like Martin trying to find Nemo in open seas. I just prefer taking the EAC and shop online. I give it an extra star just because it does have a lot of stores, it's big, clean and well designed.
I don't prefer this mall, but I do have to give it its credit for having a billion stores. If you can't find anything to wear after visiting this mall, then you might just be crazy. Overly crowded, filled to the brim with teenagers. Don't come here and "have your eye" on something special with intentions to come back the next day, because it will most likely be gone. Food court needs improvement. With a mall so big, I'd expect more variety. It's like 14 food joints and like 9 of them are Chinese. Why are the two businesses next to each other selling the same exact Bourbon Chicken plate? I come here when I really need to shop. People hate on Miami International Mall, but it has your general girly stores (Forever 21, Wet Seal) without all of the confusion that can sometimes be Dolphin. However, this mall is still cool with me, so I'll give it 3.5 stars.
It's a mall.... It's big... I had outlet stores. Other than that it's a bit aged (and not like a fine port) and "warehouse" feeling. The people who visit said mall are from interesting demographics, oh yeah and if you don't speak Spanish the staff in the stores will ignore you! Got some good deals, might come back at some point, a very transactional experience. The food court is gross, go elsewhere!
Dolphin Mall is a mall I'd consider going to if I didn't have the ability to go to Sawgrass Mills but really...the variety of outlet stores here is not as good as Sawgrasses. Go here for Strike Miami bowling alley, the movie theater, and Forever 21!...otherwise, you can find Aeropostale, American Eagle, Gap, etc. at other places in Miami. Go here if you're in the area...otherwise if you have out-of-town guests, take'em to Sawgrass. Really, Sawgrass has upped the ante by adding on their luxury-end of the mall. Who wouldn't want to visit the Coach outlet? Take it from this mall rat.
This is my 2nd favorite mall. It has a bit of everything.  Just come prepared with comfortable shoes cause you do a lot of walking.  There are some permanent stores and some other ones that rotate in and out.   It has a food court with plenty to choose from and even some restaurants outside the mall like Johnny Rockets, TGIF, PF Chang's, etc. The parking ia huge, but it gets crazy packed so I would opt to get there early and get out before the crazy rush of shoppers.
This mall gets 3 stars not because of it's stores but because of it's crowds. I guess that's not really the mall's fault but it does force me to go to other malls. The stores are great. Tons of outlet and budget friendly stores and some great restaurants to boot. But if you don't shot first thing in the morning on a week day, you are doomed to want to throttle someone. There are so many people (most of whom have no sense of personal space) it makes the whole experience really unenjoyable. There are some lulls, and if you can go in those pockets of time, do it, because it really is a great mall. There are stores for almost everyone! TIP: If you are going to the movies, never park on that side of the mall. Instead park by Sam Ash and walk through the mall. Otherwise you are doomed to park at the very end of the lot.
Wow, they definitily designed this place for your to blow every last penny you own, and even pennies you don't own yet! It's very customer oriented, and classy. I'd visit again, as long as I leave my credit cards in the car!
Read the other reviews and..... 1. Malls are the hang out of choice for teenagers, this one is no exception especially the theatre (Cobb 19)   2. I must agree parking sucks, but the place is always packed. The drivers are wild but it's possibly due to looking for a spot for 15 minutes! 3. It's generally an outlet mall......So if you are looking for Macy's, Sears, Sak's.....you are not going to find it. You will find outlet stores for Sony, Banana, CK, Brooks Brothers, etc. 4. Not the best place to bring out of towners, but it is different if you go on a night with the live band outdoors and have a drink at the outdoor bar while you people watch. The hidden Gems are: CineBistro, and Lucky Strikes
This is my favorite mall ever! dont get afraid by the weird stores you have never heard about, next to GAP...to the contrary, GO IN TO THEM! once again dont get scared if you see ugl clothes, just dig a little deeper and you will find the cutes pieces of clothes with even cuter prices!!! Go into ALL the shoe stores for the best deals & finds
Definitely try to go during the week if you want to do some stress free shopping. This place gets packed during the weekends - especially with tourists! Parking on the weekends is insane especially by the movie theater, but you can park by Neiman Marcus last call and get to the theater that way too. There are sooooon many people there on the weekends with all of their children! Its super loud outside, especially that every restaurant has their own "musician". Overall, there are plenty of options at dolphin mall - food, movies, shopping, everything to meet you needs.
You know, I speak Spanish... very well actually... but it drives me absolutely insane when someone working retail/mall whatever initiates a conversation with me in Spanish... and you will get a lot of that here also this place is FULL of jailbait lol
It's a pretty big outlet mall. My friends and I came here because it was pouring rain and we needed something to do while visiting from California. It definitely reminded me of the Great Mall in Milpitas back at home. It's a giant square filled with outlet stores and no-name discount stores you've never heard of. It's pretty popular. It also has bowling, Dave and Busters, and a movie theater inside as well so its a perfect place to kill time if you've visited Miami and it's a rainy day.
This place is a bit of a drive for us but we wanted to hit some outlets so we made the trek...twice. The first time was a Saturday afternoon which was the worst idea ever. There were some stores we didn't even bother looking in because they were too chaotic. Also we got asked in several stores if we were "residents", of Florida I am guessing but not sure. We asked a few people what that meant and no one knew. Weird. Also Husband got lunch at the food court because he was starving and didn't want to wait for the long drive home. It was gross. He said he would never eat there again, especially because it was clear that several of the places had the same owners. I say come here early in the morning before it's crowded if you need something specific for a good deal. Then get out while you can.
I come here for Dave n Busters, Cine bistro and every once in a while i will visit a few stores.. i mean don't get me wrong they have a lot of stores and many of them are outlets but its a huge commitment...For me its a bit of a drive, parking (omg!) is awful...especially on weekends..reminds me of the first week of the new semester at FIU...you have to be lucky or stalk people walking towards their cars and hope they know where they parked. The mall is pretty big and its one big circle, so if you keep walking you will eventually end up where you started. On the weekends its just too packed. Tourists come too, there are always buses i guess from the airport who bring a bunch of Latin Americans to shop for a couple hours. which i have no problem but there have been times i have stood in line for 15-20 minutes to buy a clothing item and realize i don't need that garment this bad and walk out. They have a couple nail salons... but the ones that smell really bad of chemicals, i guess if you still rock acrylics than your used to it. but i rather do my nails else where...they have a forever 21 store which is huge i think its bigger or at least the same size as the one in aventura, but their accessory store is in another store and not very close to the clothing store which can be annoying. They have neiman's outlet, blooming dales outlet, Ralph Lauren outlet, forever 21, Calvin Klein, Saks 5th ave outlet, banana, express, and much more. If you do plan on going, especially if its your first time just remember it will be a full day event. If you can try going on a week day.
decent outlet mall ( bloomingsdale, nieman marcus, saks 5) etc. not crowded on a weekday. food options are horrid. very generous sampling situation, on the other hand
Great place to eat to drink what sucks is th parking what  mission to park you literally have to follow people as soon as they walk out the mall in order to find a parking other then that it's a great place to watch a movie to bowl to shop drink eat you can do everything
you can find everything you need.
It's HUGE. It's probably bigger than some small villages. This might be good for browsing, but this is not a place if you need something. On the weekends, there's lots of people everywhere. The good thing is that security and the stores staff lots so there's no wait when you need anything.
Hadn't been here in a while, but went there recently for lunch. Walked around, and it wasn't as annoying as other times. Maybe bc it was a weekday. I can't stand the music they blast though. So annoying. It has a good range of shops, though, so you can usually find what you need. Parking is always a mission, so have patience. Did I mention I can't stand the music you are subjected to as you're going in? At least it has some good stores.
What can I say about this place. Woooo... Too many people, great deals, people running around with luggages, some miami retail attitude, a good selection of restaurants, good entertainment for everyone. And last but not least Live salsa music on the weekends. I am not talking about nightclub. I am talking about outside, people hanging out having a good time at a mall... Only in Miami...
I like this mall, almost as good as Sawgrass, tons of places to eat and mainly, they have Texas de Brazil, one of my favorite places to pig out on some steak. 2 Movie theaters: 1 regular AMC (i believe) and the CineBistro which is an experience of its own. Also, the Outdoor World is there. Seems like lots of outlet stores but the prices dont seem too "outlet" to me.
hmmmm how do you describe the Dolphin mall to anyone who has never been?  It's like the U.N. of shopping in Miami.  Why do I come here, simple there is a bar outside and you can walk around with your drink!  There is also a Dave and Busters, a ton of stores, but you see the most random things here and at every mall in Miami.  Tourists.  Not just any tourista's, but tourista's with luggage and walkie talkie's.  I am talking about full throttle shop-until-they-kick-me-out-I-maxed-out-the-amex-­in-miami kind of shopping.  I have never witnessed such ridiculousness in my life until shopping in Miami.  Shopping here or any outlet mall (sawgrass) is like watching a train wreck.  You can't look away but you know you should.
Last night my car radio was stolen while we were at the movies in Dolphin mall. We flagged down security and he shrugged his shoulders and said he couldnt do anything. Then why do you drive around in that stupid golf cart trying to look like a wannabe cop you dumbass ?
I never done this kind of review but the toilet paper in the restroom but was Horrible.
You must bring your patience if you plan on going to this mall....Unfortunately, patience is not my fiance's strong point. The parking is horrendous! I literally sank into my car seat as my fiance argued back in forth in Spanish with two men over a parking space. Thankfully though, I had no idea what they were saying. A lot of great stores, a lot of places to eat (which is basically what everyone seems to be doing all of the time). However, I was unable to find dress shoes for my 2 year old? Whatever, we came for the fake snow and the Santa anyway. Unfortunately, she wanted nothing to do with the non-English-speaking  Santa. .... Maybe next year Santa, maybe next year....
I'm a local, good big mall crowded but that's cause it's good. Tourist come to buy discounted clothes. Good entertaining
This review is for Dolphin mall massages. My good friend enticed me to get massages. I was like, " no way, we are in the middle of the mall." He quickly said that he had previously had one and that I was going to love it. For $12 I decided to give it a shot, with him in the chair next to mine, of course. What can I say, as the  masseuse gently did her thing, the background noise of the mall began to sound like waterfalls and ocean waves. For ten min. I got a great little stress relieving massage. I will never be scared of the mall massages again.
My goodness this mall is huge. When they first opened the stores sucked. Now they have tons of good stores especially for us guys. From Bass Pro, to Banana Republic they have some good spots where you can catch a good deal. The food court also has upgraded. Buffalo Wild Wings is a nice plays to catch a game and a beer. I know on weekends they have live music in the food court, which is cool. The only draw back to dolphin is that well it's kinda reffy. I am sorry I am hispanic and all but I can only take so many CONIO HACERE's in one day. I also get dizzy after 3 Ed Hardy shirts dyed white jeans sunglasses and rosaries all indoors in a damn mall. So after about 5 seconds I get aggravated at Dolphin. But is all goes away when I go to my sanctuary Bass Pro
I love this mall. But it can get extremely crowded in the weekend and our tourism peek.
This used to be a great mall. Maybe it still is, but you'd never know due to the mass amounts of tourists and teenagers who get dropped off by their parents so they don't have to deal with them. I am speaking as a shopper and a previous employee. People are rude to the max at this mall. DO NOT try to go to the movies on a Friday or Saturday night. I will get ruined by 12 year olds sneaking in. I've had to kick them out on numerous occasions. Sure, its an outlet mall with some good stores, but I'd rather travel to Sawgrass.
This mall is great! It's really big and has a large varieties of outlet stores mixed in this mall as well. They also has stores I had never heard of before which is pretty cool. Great mall to shop at if you want to buy some new clothes.
WARNING!!! THIS PLACE IS EXTREMELY PACKED!!! AND BEWARE OF THOSE LITTLE SHOPS IN THE MIDDLE--THEY AREN'T GOOD! Dolphin mall has a lot of stuff to offer, but it's ALWAYS extremely packed! 75% of the mall speaks more Spanish than English. When I have to go here I try to make it a quick in and out situation.
I was there
The Dolphin mall is not unlike any other moderate to upscale mall that i have visited with the lone exception being that it is a very scenic and it has quite a few outlet stores....which surprised me because it doesn't have that outlet mall feel to it. However the one unique thing about this mall is the very swanky bar that is located right near the main exit of the mall....and while I don't drink the people I saw coming in out of the establishment were definitely dressed to impress....even at 3:00 in the afternoon. I really enjoyed the ambience of this mall and look forward to going again in the future. Eat, Drink. and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
i hadn't been to a mall in ages and yesterday my mother and i decided to go to dolphin mall with my daughter so, that she could get distracted and have fun. i had forgotten how huge dolphin mall was. being that I'm expecting a baby walking around dolphin mall made me feel as if i was walking in a marathon. this mall is huge. in the end i was dead tired. pros: very good stores (Aldo,  loft outlet, banana republic, nautica, guess etc) whatever, you are looking for you will find it here. con: parking sucks and people are rude. note: if you don't have a child under 5 DO NOT PARK in the spaces for    babies .
I only wish CALI had malls like this!
Me and you, Dolphin Mall, have a love/hate relationship. I loved you when you first opened and hated you when the chongas and chulos made you your hot spot. Recently I'm starting to love you again with Michael Kors outlet, Polo outlet, BCBG outlet, Saks outlet & the recent openings of Love 21, Banana Republic, and the warehouse sized Forever 21. Let's not forget the opening of Bloomingdale's outlet. My own hatred for you now is your lack of reception in the mall. At first I was whatever with it but now it's out of control. I can't even text while I am in your mall. That cannot be right. Let's do something to fix this please. And while your at it, you can dispose of the ghetto factor that still lingers from time to time. Thanks!
Dolphin Mall has something for everyone. I particularly love Burlington Coat Factory, Ann Taylor, Loft, Guess, Aldo shoes, I could go on. They have a nice movie theater and good restaurants to choose from. It's always difficult to find parking around the main entrance of the mall, where the restaurants are. It's great for serious shoppers or people who just want to hang out. The best mall in the area in my opinion.
I love this mall! It has all the necessary stores for a woman. Big stores, small stores, designer stores, restaurants, a Dave-n-Busters and everything! The only thing that sucks about this mall is the lack of parking. I would recommend to wake up early, find a good spot, and wait until the stores open. otherwise this mall is the best one I've been to throughout my travels around the country! FIVE
This place is pretty huge and is one of those malls you loop all around.  Comparable to Sawgrass but does not have many high end designer outlets.  Gets pretty crowded though.  It's alright if you're just passing through and wanna do a little shopping.
Do not go to this mall on the weekend. It's like a little piece of hell in Miami. Too many inconsiderate people, too many strollers, and not enough good merchandise. I don't understand how they only have 1 starbucks there. Seriously, the mall is huge and you definitely need a coffee break when you are halfway through the mall and there isn't a place to sit down and relax and have coffee! Even the starbucks there is madness. I was so exhausted after 2 hours of being there that I didn't want to stay to check out the restaurants. Like most of the other reviews, the parking is a pain in the butt. If you enjoy outlet shopping, I suggest you go during the week.
Wow how I hate this mall. Always crowded, always dark. The mall is like a maze. The shops are never friendly. The staff is always busy with who knows what but you have to wait to checkout while they are fluttering around. There are a ton of stores but finding them is an issue! Dont even try to go to this mall on the weekend, no spots and crazy amounts of people. Take the extra half hour and go to Sawgrass, Beautiful outside shops! The inside is also a little crowded on weekends but better class of people.
Horrible parking, young kids everywhere past there curfew and too crowded for such a big mall. They have great stores, good music at the outside stage at night and most restaurants are open until late on the weekends. A lot to do, but crowded. U r warned.
Always a great place to shop. Lots of stores, some which are very unique that I don't have in Naples.
Not safe. Stay away from this place, especially if you have a rental car. We shopped at this mall last black Friday and our rental car broken into including 4 other cars on the same day. Mall security was terrible and not helpful at all. All the things we bought that day were stolen including personal belongings.
Huge mall with a lot of great brand name stores and outlet centers, including Desigual and Bloomingdales.  Good dining options in the outdoor area, and your standard mall fare in their expansive food court.  On this particular day, the lines were rainy-day ridiculous, so I opted to battle the crowds in hungry mode .. until I was finally worn out from dodging people and pesky vendors. I was in the area for a meeting so I had to check this landmark mall out but I probably won't revisit.
This mall is awful in so many ways.... To start, the parking is ALWAYS packed! People drive like animals trying to get in and out.  If you make it out of your car alive, don't think the people will be more courteous on foot.  I do go here because it can get the job done when you need quick accessories or something from Forever 21 (it is enormous!), but I always have to mentally prepare before I get there.
Parents #1 kid drop off location since it was made! Enjoy the madness!
I can't say to many good or bad things about my experience there being that my time was limited because I had to catch a flight. However, I entered the mall through the Ross store and it was huge and it by far had the most people shopping in there. You go figure.... With that being said, I would like to go back to explore more of it.
Well this was not my first visit to the Dolphin Mall and it won't be my last. Its a great mall it has all you need under one roof. I would recommend this mall for any ones shopping experience in Miami.
I couldn't find any stores, just horny teens.
This place is huge. But it is full of tourist lugging their rolling luggage around and running over your feet! Really people come on! Or they will stop right in front of you as you are walking! Come on! I have to agree with my fellow yelpers that the Forever 21 is GINORMOUS! There is a lot of stores, hence you will find something for every one! Food Court is has a nice selection as well as some restaurants on the outer part of the mall. Parking at this place SUCKS!!! And well the drivers in the parking lot are not the best either.
Great mall with a lot of stores. Some of Stores like Nike or Polo Ralph Lauren are outlets. But their prices are not that low as they are i some outlet malls if visited in other states. there are also some stores which sell fake stuff i think. all together it's a great place to spend a day and do some shopping.
The mall is ok, seems kind of old but it has a lot of cheap shops and good places to eat. Food court sucks but all the restaurants are good. Bowling, Dave and Busters and two movie theaters, one brings you food and drink to your chair and table. It gets super crowded on weekends and is easiest to valet or park on the far side of the mall.
my roomie and i spent 4 hrs wandering through this mall and gosh darn it, didn't buy a thing! we were drawn by the banana republic and nine west outlets for professional work clothes attire but this place is more the spot to get clubbing attire and just spend the day. recommended food court spot: kelly's cajun kitchen (their chicken is tasty!)
you have nothing to do on a weekday? lets go to the mall its big, full of stores and there are always sales. good for dinner in one of the many restaurants or for a little entretaiments like the movie theater and the bowling. Beware of parking: there is never any!
I love this mall. My only issue is that is huge (and I don't have lots of dinero),but you got all my favorite stores, from AX, to Nautica,Polo, amongst many others. But your stores overwhelm me, too much.
Wow, this mall has grown considerably in the past year. It's not as big as Sawgrass and doesn't have as many Tier 1 Designer Outlet Stores, but it is less crowded and there are some great new stores such as: Coach Factory; Nike Outlet (a smaller one than Sawgrass); Burlington Coat Factory and Bass Pro Shops. They also have just about every Athletic Shoe Retail Store so if you're looking for a new pair of sneakers, this is the place.
I really like the updated version of this mall. Cinebistro is especially fun and there food is pretty good as well. You can find pretty good designer brands of cheap here. My only advice is to not go here for food. Come here for shopping, drinks and that's it.
This mall isn't that serious.... The outlet stores aren't much of a cheaper price! Wouldn't come back!
Been a fan of Dolphin Mall since it opened back at the beginning of 2000s. It has come along way, from being a family mall to being the Mall of the Telenovela Stars from Univision, Telemundo and Venevision. No wonder that is located near Doral aka the Beverly Hills of Miami.
While it can be a little overwhelming, there  is a tremendous variety of stores to choose from and you can find almost anything you need at Dolphin Mall. Sometimes, the large crowds are a little daunting, but you can always find a store to walk into and alleviate yourself of the crowds. Everything from restaurants and entertainment to shopping await you at Dolphin Mall -- just don't expect a parking spot too close to the door.
Sometimes I'll go here just for s- and giggles, but it's a janky place to be. It tries to be like the Sawgrass mall, but it's just not. Go to Sawgrass instead if you're looking for good deals.
I have to say that I love/hate this mall. I love the stores and the variety it has, but I hate the parking and traffic outside! I always take the back way out because I feel like I'm going to get into an accident if I exit out the main entrance! Also, I think they should have more security during the night. People due tend to get out of hand on the weekends creating an unsafe environment for the kids that got there.
I haven't walked much of the mall but I do love the huge variety of stores. I still haven't found the food court, but I'm happy with the restaurants outside. Next time I'm here I will do more exploring. But this place is huge!
I have been here a thousand times. I use to work here too when it first opened up. This mall is like a fire hazard. It is always so crowded. And now seriously who puts a damn hotel in the middle of their parking lot. What's wrong with you. I like comiing here because it is the closest mall to me. But man it's always crowded. That's why I gave you a three.
The mall is so huge! Great variety of shops and food. On the downside it is a very crowded mall and parking is horrible.
I like to buy things for my self like on my bday or xmas time for family and friends. Of course, this mall i s affordable. I am basically lazy and i don't like to drive too far : ). But my experience is always basically good for several reasons. For example, there are several places to eat, movie theater, and also place to bowl. Since i am not a fan of bowling, i prefer to basically sit and have a nice cold drink like a glass of anytype of soda. Moreover, i've been wit my gfriends and had an awesome time eating sushi . Thank u see u again soon : ).
I have a love hate relationship with this mall. First of all, I don't like shopping at stores where I cant return. I don't like trying on clothes I just buy them and try them on at home. Unfortunately, many of the stores here do not allow returns.
A mall to have fun... shopping, restaurants, bars and lots of fun good looking people... enjoy it my friends!
Had not been here in the longest time! The  forever 21 here is huge, my daughters just love it. Crowded as usual, but manageable. You can count on a good diverse selection of stores for most interests. Es able to find what I went for, my only pepeeve is entering and exiting the mall... There are some rude, crazy drivers out there that seem to see cokecola instead of stop on the signs.
Great place with a variety of shops. If only one could get rid of the sunglasses-at-night-wearing kids. A bit too loud in the center area during the evening. It's hard to hold a conversation due to it being so loud.
Every time I'm in this place I tell myself I wish I could shop here without having to come here and then I remember the joys of online shopping I was taking for granted. Parking is a nightmare and it's crazy overcrowded with tourists buying luggage and filling it with purchases on-site. The wait for restaurants is usually outrageous and waiting in line for an hour to watch a movie is no fun but it's really a place where you can do a myriad of activities aside from just shopping and it's so massive I can see why it draws such a crowd but I don't like to shop here unless I know what I'm getting and can get out quick. Definitely not a place I would consider a pleasant experience but more of an infuriating tourist trap. Nevertheless, I still come here for outlet shopping when absolutely necessary and always get a good deal. It's really difficult to review this place to someone who hasn't been here, you've got to see it to believe it.
I really Love Dolphin mall you can't go wrong here. There is seriously something for everybody. Affordable shopping, bars, restaurants, two movies theaters, bowling, arcade. It's a fun atmosphere!
Great place to walk, and enjoy all the stores and food.  Are things overpriced?  Yes, because it's a mall and that's the way it is.  You just have to look around for a good deal, but there are still lots of stores you can just enjoy with your friends/date etc.
A medium/large mall on the outskirts of Miami, the products here are far cheaper than in the tourist areas. A reasonaly good mix of stores for both sexes. The food court has a good range of value (fast-food) kitchens. There are also a few bars and restaurants on the edge should you want to make a day of it. And, for the hard-core, theres an International Mall just road if your shopping thirst isn't quenched by Dolphin.
This is the mall of my choice.  But the parking is horrible.
The have an Oakleys store that I go to a lot and I like F.Y.E. The food court is awesome too, haven't had a bad experience with the food. The only thing I think is a little lame about this mall is the parking. It seems when I go to the mall so does all of Miami. I gave it four stars because a lot of the cart vendors are really annoying at times. I'm there to shop not buy something from a rinky-dinky independent store owner that overprices everything.
I love Dolphin Mall. It has everything I need and is continually getting new stores and restaurants. Parking is usually best near the Neiman Marcus and Music Store entrances.
Good service,good price,,
if you are looking for good deals on well-known brands, both for men and women, this is a good place. Be sure to wear comfortable shoes, if you are to cover the whole mall - relatively huge.
Very popular palce, theres alot of places to shop. They have mostly all the stores you need. Theres also a very nice food court with plently of places with different kinds of food to eat.
This mall is actually the place that i like to go and hang out with my friends and family i go every week at points to go shop or just look around as well the good thing is that there is always something for us to do at the mall like go to the cinemas and david busters wooo and party shows clubs and all good resturants but its expensive so you better be holding some cash in your pockets. Starbucks as well yipeeee!!! there are good shopping centers to hop at and the people that work there are nice well some compared to some stores like polo i love that store but the service is horrible omg but i dont blame the clothes all i blame is poor service.  i can't describe more about the mall but its actually one of the favorite place to work there.
It looks like past reviews of Dolphin Mall are all over the road, from 1 star to 5 and everywhere in between.  Personally I like Dolphin, and as I mentioned in my review of International Mall, the Dolphin and International malls are so close together that I can usually hit both of them in the same day and find most everything I'm looking for in the way of clothing and other stuff you typically go to a mall to buy.   I consider the Dolphin Mall a smaller version of Sawgrass Mills, without the 40 minute drive to get to Sawgrass; The general layout and signage is similar to Sawgrass, but there are fewer stores here.  Like Sawgrass, you won't find larger department stores here, nor will you find typical anchor stores.  Here at Dolphin you'll find a mix of other stuff such as kiosks and specialty stores, several retail outlet stores (Saks 5th Ave., Neiman Marcus, Perry Ellis, Calvin Klein, Banana Republic, Aldo), several standard retail stores (Borders, Radio Shack, Spencer Gifts, Burlington Coat Factory, FYE, Old Navy, Sam Ash) a good sized food court and things you might not find at a typical mall suchs as Dave & Busters, Bass Pro Shops/Outdoor World and Strike Miami, a 34 lane bowling alley. There are also some discount stores such as Ross and Marshall's.  Texas De Brazil is here as well.  In all, I think this mall has a lot to offer, you just need to go there with the understanding that this is not a typical mall, but more of an outlet mall and have the right expectation when you go.
no parking, confusing signs. rude people.
If you don't have patience then you should avoid this mall. You have to go in here with certain expections,  for example don't expect to find a parking spot even close to the actual mall. But hey, walking is good for you right? And if you actually find someone leaving their space then expect to fight with 3 other people for it. And the other reviewers are correct, this mall is overcrowded during peak times and if you don't speak Spanish then you pretty much don't communicate with sales associates. But if you can look past those things then you're bound to find some great deals from the stores. I've found nikes for 15$ , an outfit to go out in for under 30$ , and Micheal jordon Cologne for 14$ there are so many outlet stores here and smaller chain stores with funky pieces. I always find something! The food court is something to be avoided but the outdoor eating area is nice and really fun on the weekends!
short and simple THE BEST!!!!!!!!!
can hold its own with sawgrass. more shops for the ladies and teens, but a sufficient selection a man stores. plus side is that they have a bangin' cinebistro movie theater spot for grown folks; meaning no bad ass kids!  bass pro shops is off the hook too!
Food Court price : quality : quantity is 10:2:3.
Dolphin mall has to be my most ultimate favorite malls of all!! I've been going there ever since my teenage years. Its such a fun place to go, you see everything. Not to mention, Forever 21 is one of my favorite stores too! Everything is so enjoyable!
we were invited to meet up with some family here, not in the mall itself but right outside in the court yard area where they have a live band playing music. our family arrived early and were able to get a table/chairs (bad foot - had to sit down).... if you do not get there early then you will find yourself standing up... there is a live band who comes on stage, sings and dance. they usually do spanish dancing music. and when they go on break, there is still music played over speakers. some people stand around just people watching and others get up and dance. kids are welcome and encouraged to dance, play and participate. all ages are in the crowd. and the best thing is it is FREE! you can go spend as little or as long as you like. there are near by restaurants where you can grab something to eat. we spent a little while there and found it interesting. its a place to see the big melting pot we are a part of. people talking to each other.... sharing some time..... at NO COST!!! amazing! and much needed cause for alot of these people i am sure this is the highlight of their weekend! cool place!!
I think this is by far the best outlet mall in Miami and vicinity :-) you can truly find bargains here, depends on when you go and what you will stumble upon. It really helps to have a good sense of what costs what beforehand.  You do not find the latest trends in here! It is an outlet mall, but the prices are right and one can find very good quality clothes.  It is full of tourists though (looking out for a bargain, it has often long lines to get to a cashier to pay, and parking is kind of annoying - especially during weekends and holidays). The mall is very populated :-) I used to like the little Lindt store in there, as well as both Ann Taylor's. I think banana republic is a hit or miss in this mall. I really like the collection at Levi's and Calvin Klein. There are tons of other stores and food places as well.  It takes exactly one hour of walking to make one full circle inside of the mall! Almost forgot, they have a decent dsw collection and a great all star store.
This is a cool mall with a lot to offer. However, because it has a lot to offer, it is one of the busiest malls in the Miami area. Combine with the ikea store nearby and parking can sometimes be a nightmare. But once you get past that and the crowd inside, it's a cool place to visit.   I like this mall because it has everything a mall should with a lot more.  It has a wide variety of food options in the food court and numerous sit down restaurants and bars. Buffalo wild wings, pf changs, TGI Fridays to name a few. It has two movie theaters. One being your average theater, the other being a dine in theater. There is always some event going on so it keeps the mall interesting. Nothing worse then a dying mall with no pulse. I've heard people talk about crime in the mall. I've never seen it but considering the amount of people that come here, I can't be surprised. But I sure feel safer here then at the mall of America's. Definitely give it a shot.
The main problem with this mall is the parking space, it is a nightmare to find a spot and even if you valet park you still have to make a (car) line. Apart from that the mall has some good discounted stores, If you don't mind crazy crowds then go ahead and check it out. BIG ADVICE: be aware of petty thieves, they are abundant and prey on unsuspecting tourists. I have personally seen people realize at the drawer that they have no wallet because somebody stole it while they were shopping.
The newest and largest mall in the Miami area, between the array of stores and countless kiosk, one should be able to fufill all of their shoppings needs here.It's sort of like a mini sawgrass mills.  The mall has it own bus system that travels along the perimeter roads to take the lazy ones, or elders to the different "Ramblas". It's a tourist destination in Miami for the shopacholis that visit. Hotels and tour groups in Miami hire charters to transport groupls of people for "shop-till-you-drop" days. The mall was orginally suppose to be just an outlet mall. Stores like Polo, Bloomingdales, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Ave, Nike,Burlington Coat Factory,True Religion, Nautica,Calvin Klein, Sketchers, Hilfiger, Puma, Coach, Ecko, Gap, Carter's, Kenneth Cole,Disney and Michael Kors are of the outlet nature with great seasonal sales. Stores like Express, G, Victoria Secret, Armani Exchange, Champs, Old Navy retail the same merchandise as the other retail locations. Many small chain women fashions stores, are spread all over the mall. For the sportsman or fisherman, a Sports Authority and a massive Bass World Pro Shop is here,  Entertainmet wise you'll find everything  ont the 2nd floor, Dave n' Busters, Cool-de-sac, Strike Miami Bowling Alley,Cobb 19 movie theater, and Cine Bistro. One of Dolphin mall's major strong points, are the restaurants, who doesn't want to sit down and enjoy a refreshing beverage,and delightful meal after a long day of shopping? I personally come here just to eat sometimes,With a massive Cheesecake Factory and Brother Jimmy's BBQ, recently joining the other large restaurant chains that were alredy here, Texas de Brazil (head chain location), P.F Changs, Johnny Rocket's, Kobe, Buffalo Wild Wings, T.G.I .Fridays. Smaller local  family chains such as La fogota, Mojito's, and Rotelli's are in the main entraince courtyard as well, Towards the back left of the mall, you will fnd a massive food court with about 15 quick eat options. The one major complaint about dolphin mall though, is the parking and the lack there-of. Attempting to look for parking by the main entrance can be a nightmare on weekends, and especially during the holidays. On the weekends, by the main entrance you'll coomonly find rows of cars parked along the perimeter road in the grass. On the days in which you literally have to hunt, ask, hunt, ask for parking , I drive along to the back to back of the mall and park by the food court entrance with ease. Great place to leisure around, shop, or dine. 4.5
Only go during off peak hours unless you enjoy crowds and fighting for a parking spot. A couple of highlights.  Nike Store and Quicksilver Factory Store...very good prices at both.   Otherwise, I'd probably pass.
Aaahhh shopping. Some girls' dreams! But not me. I've never been the type to shop till you drop and kinda hate looking, looking, looking in hopes to find something I like to then try it on and be disappointed cuz I simple hate how it looks on me. That being said I don't have a personal assistant or styler so I gotta do what I gotta do. You can definitely find affordable clothing and shoes at Dolphin, once you actually find a parking space after looking for what seems like eternity. Advise on this would be to avoid parking by the main entrance and go around to less crowded areas and avoid coming here on the weekends. Yikes it's bad! Besides the stores you have the food court with many options to choose from plus a couple of restaurants (Cheesecake factory, TGI, Buffalo Wild Wings, Johnny Rockets, Latin food place and much more). I enjoy going to Dave & Busters and the movie theater. And I love love love Cine Bistro! We like taking our son to Cool de Sac and Bass Pro Shops. So yes, the parking is a huge fail (they do offer valet) but the mall itself isn't horrible (otherwise it wouldn't always be so busy).
Just don't do it. There is NOTHING worth coming here for. Nothing. My aunt had her wallet stolen from inside her purse while it was on her shoulder, and my brother had his car broken into in the parking lot. In fact, I can't remember ever having a good experience at this mall. Parking is an absolute nightmare at all hours of the day, every day of the week. The mall is always crowded. And I'll refrain from commenting on the type of people that crowd this mall. Just expect a lot of ill- fitting spandex for both sexes. *shudder* There's a banana republic outlet that I really wish were located somewhere other than this mall. It's actually a great store, but no. I can't. Just drive the extra half hour to Sawgrass.
This is the mall of malls in south florida. The first time I went to this mall was when it opened years ago and then didn't go for most probably a decade or so. Then we returned there this past month. And guess what it was completely different. I was like trying to remember if this looked anything like when it opened and it didn't. The mall is extremely inviting with indoor and outdoor activities. The shops have tons of deals to have but time is the key. If you have ample time you can causally shop and get a bite to eat but if you are crunched for time like we were you get there go to the shops you need to go and get the hell out of there. Either way it's a nice place to hang at!!!!!
Keep calm and shop on!   Going to the dolphin mall is not a scroll in the park. It's one of the largest malls in Miami of course its gonna be crowded and have packed parking lots! As for the language barrier... again it's Miami... that's nothing new. I'm not saying its okay but that's an issue everywhere in Mia ... even at the bank I have issues with language. Tips: 1. Get there early and that eliminates 2 issues: parking and crowds. 2. Don't park at a main entrance to avoid the rush. Park at Ross or Burlington Coat Factory. 3. Plan. Figure out the stores you want to shop at ahead of time. This will save you a ton of walking around. 4. Where comfy shoes or flats.. 5. Relax and enjoy. The sales at this place are amazing and well worth it! I love love love the BEBE, DSW and Victoria Secret. Although this mall may not be perfect it is still well worth visiting, check it out for yourself you decide.
I like this place. It's relaxed, and there aren't a MILLION people here - as compared to the ones closer to Miami. This is definitely worth the trip when looking for some deals. The parking was reasonable on a Sunday (even the holiday weekend - Labor Day). Overall great place.
Good luck trying to find parking. There is so much people it's crazy trying to get in. The stores are ok, the price depends on where you are going. It's not bad, but it's not great.
No. I suppose I need to write more than that. Hmm... The negative (and even the more thorough positive) reviews tell the tale. When I told friends I was coming here (in search of a particular store I couldn't find in Miami), they tried to talk me out of it. Unfortunately, everything they told me in warning was true. 1.) Parking is a nightmare. I saw two screaming matches and one circumstance where two men (one in his 20s and one who looked in his 50s) got out of their car in order to fight. Who does that? Where the hell am I? Redeeming a gift card is not worth this isht. Once I had gotten away from that foolishness, I was then subjected to someone pulling into a spot I waited for (had my blinker on, etc.). I should have just turned around and went home. Question: if parking was this much of a pain, how would the shopping experience be? Answer: horrible. 2.) Crowded. I'm convinced the entire population of a small nation inhabits this mall. I have lived throughout the country and seen many things. I've never seen a mall this packed the capacity, filled with people who are unable to understand how to.move.out.of.the.way. Walking in forward motion... who knew it was such a high-level concept? 3.) Language barrier. Much as has been written before, if you deign to speak English here, prepare for an attitude. I wouldn't have believed it had I had experienced it. Three times. Shocking. Unnecessary. Rude. Looking for helpful staffers? Don't look here. Regardless of the store (I went to three of them), service is something not to be expected. I think bonuses are given based on how rude and dismissive you can be to customers. 4.) Confusing layout. Perhaps the reason for the crowding, bunching and lack of remedial walking skills has to do with the layout of the mall. It's jumbled, confusing and not the best planned. Again, I am convinced that the Dolphin Mall is its own sovereign nation. That best explains the above problems. Never again... not even to redeem a gift card.
I love this mall I went in the summer for the first time and decided to get there early because I heard the place its crowded really fast I got there like at 9am and I bought so many things they have great deals and so many stores to go into and plus they even have a bar where u can buy a drink and walk around the mall with it :) I can't wait to go back and shop some more and catch a movie since they have a nice theater . If u decide to go make sure you get there early because by 10 or 11am the place is super crowded.
Oh Dolphin Mall, How do I hate thee? Let me count the ways. I hate thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach. I hate thee for your crazy, always packed mall. I hate thee for the amount of gas and time wasted circling around your parking lot trying to find a spot. I hate thee for your inability to control the teenie boppers running amuck. I hate thee for your rude clientele and employees. Yes, I avoid this place like the plague and very rarely make the mistake of going there. It sucks that the one movie theater that I enjoy, is located in this mall. Cinebistro, please move!
Parking is somewhat of a nightmare but it's great for shopping. Nice variety of shops and a few big name food chains to stop at for lunch or dinner (Cheesecake Factory, PF Changs, etc...) This place does frequent many tourists which for some can be  annoying, but I like to embrace everyone and everything so these things dont inconvenience me at all. This outlet mall is also  home to some of my favorite stores... (Banana Repulic, Ann Taylor, Last Call Neiman Marcus) and it also has Cinebistro, Strikes and Dave and Busters. This means its a one stop shop for all kinds of activities.
I totally agree with the other negative reviews; very accurate.   While there may be a few good stores at this mall, go early,  or you won't park.   Agree, also, the design/layout is a complex nightmare.  Mall is mobbed beyond belief on weekends (this is Miami....anyone like the beach??)... As for pricing,  don't be fooled by the "outlet" nonsense.   Recommend Dadeland.
It's an okay mall. I enjoy going to Dave and Busters with friends often. There are also quite a bit of good restaurants and the food court itself ain't too shabby. The shops are alright. There's a decent variety of stores available for everyone. I really miss the FYE though...  My favorite store is definitely the Bass Pro Shop. Parking can be a bit of a pain, especially on the weekends.
Been here many times but boy is it a headache. People don't know where to walk, they want to have a family reunion in the middle of the aisles, and sometimes they can be rude. The selection of stores are great! you just have to be prepared to get into the madness. Be prepared! We valet all the time. I think it is well worth it. I rather deal with the valet group then others who can't park. Holidays and Black Friday are the worse. Never been there on Black Friday but plan on never doing it. I rather have a day off during the weekday to go to Dolphin Mall if I was to shop here. I try to avoid weekends if all possible.
I hadn't gotten lost in a mall in a long time but here, I had to make a couple extra turns to find my way back to the door that I came in.  What I'm saying is that this place is pretty big.  Malls are malls though and they pretty much often have the same stores and food courts.  This food court was sub-standard though with not a lot of choice and really nothing that I wanted to part with money for to eat.   Yes, I know that its in southern Florida but what I found annoying was that every time I walked into a store I was addressed in Spanish.  I really felt like I was in a foreign country.  In one store I told the lady that I didn't speak Spanish, so she had to get somebody else to help me.  How do you get a job in a store in the USA without speaking English?!? Overall, it was a nice stop on our way to the Keys.
Dolphin mall is the worst to say the least. Parking is always impossible you literally will get into a fight with people that  are trying to take your spot even when they see you waiting with your indicater ON! Once you get in the mall it's huge and always packed. Everyone is always pushing to get by if not they are just standing around blocking the walk ways. Some stores are okay and since they are all outlets they have good prices but i'd save myself the time and hassel and just pay regular price at another mall. I probably only gave this mall 2 stars because of the daiquiri spot I always hit up before entering the actual mall (trust me it's necessary)
What a nightmare. Worse mall experience ever. Wish i yelped before driving here! mall is Too big, no class, too many tourists, locals, loud and everything is outrageously expensive!
This place is nightmarish. I saw someone walk into the Lindt store, grab some candy, and stroll out. Classy. I think the only shop that makes this place worthwhile is Saks Off Fifth. There were some very nice Vince sweaters on sale and some gorgeous Rebecca Minkoff bags that were half off. Still, I think I'd rather go to Nordstrom Rack. You can usually find the same brands and clothing items and there are about 75% more staff. PLUS, you can avoid the total nightmare that is Dolphin Mall. Tacky, tacky, tacky.
A typical mega mall. A lot of stores, a lot of trendy chain restaurants. The food court is mediocre for a mall so huge. The food court contains mostly counter places that sell greasy food covered in some red sauce.   The parking lot can be hectic at times due to the amount of folks who go there. It doesn't have the high end stores of Aventura Mall or the Shops at Bal Harbour but it still is a good family mall to hang out in.
I like this mall. I'm from Wisconsin so me and my boyfreind go here when we can. It's a lot better than the Malls in Wisconsin. I love how the stores are some stores I never have heard of. It's pretty big. I love the movie theater, very clean and not that expansive!. The food court is alright, pretty decent choices. Trying to get here however can be a bitch, with traffic but that's miami for you. Overall good place.
took a quick look around while coming here for Cinebistro. Nice atmosphere outside. Looks like it's poppin with the music and the lights. Clean and spacious.
My wife and I have been to this mall once before, and decided to make a trip back again while we were in Miami.  First off, I wish we had a mall like this in St. Louis.  It is absolutely huge.  It took my wife and I a few hours to go through the entire mall, all while stopping at many stores along the way.  This mall has just about every store you could possible want.  Everything from Sport Authority and Nike, to Michael Kors, Brooks Brothers, Steve Madden, Polo, Coach, etc.  If we had a mall like this in St. Louis, I don't think I would go anywhere else.  Don't get me wrong, we have malls that have these stores, they're just spread out at various malls.  Nothing all in one place.  Some of the stores are outlet mall style, so they're large and have lots of stuff to choose from at cheaper prices.  They have mall style restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, etc.) outside the mall, and of course a food court inside.  There is no shortage of options here.  I enjoyed my shopping experience here, and will be back again when I'm in Miami.
My go to place for nice clothes, accessories and a good hang out for the family. I love the stores in this mall, and the fact that everything is indoors, is a plus! Parking is always good at this mall as well, never an issue.
I personally hate this mall but somehow I always end up here. Why do I hate this mall, you ask? Because it's the league of nations up in there and full of tourists! Unattended kids screaming and letting loose like wild animals, balseros screaming "oyeh" and pervertedly staring at every girl walking by, and the chongas with their lip liner and big hoop earrings scavenging through sale racks. It's crazy annoying. End rant here. The positive thing about the mall; however, is that it's a one-stop-shop ... a bowling alley, two movie theaters, bars, restaurants, lounges, retail stores (I would hope so), hell, there's even Dave and Busters. Something for everyone. If you could get passed the fact that it's ALWAYS super packed with some crazies, then it's not so bad. Or just have a few drinks before coming and maybe your shopping experience will be a bit more pleasurable. LOL.
I hate everything about this mall as of late
Dolphin Mall is one of two of the best malls in South Florida.  Great dining and shopping!
I am white. I don't speak Spanish, and my passport is expired. And yet, I managed to have a pleasant shopping experience here on a Sunday afternoon.
This mall is not and I mean not a place to go on weekends. The place is completely packed, clothes are all over. I like they have all the high end outlets like Neiman Marcus,Saks, and Bloomingdales. I think ideally they have some good deals if you dig through items. The department stores seemed to be a little unorganized compared to the smaller shops.
Welcome to Casa CarajooOooooooooooOoOOoOooo!!!! Just today, I helped a poor Cuban man get his school bus (see photos) out of a tight sandwich situation.  Yes, it took a little while, but it was worth it to help out my people.  There was some applause from an RV (no kidding) of French tourists. So, this is the closest Finish Line location to my house since the Dadeland location seemingly closed overnight.  I've been putting off my trip for weeks.  I actually wanted to just go to Hialeah, because at least I could score some guayabas in the street for $4! Parking is loco every day of the week.  Sunday afternoon and Saturday all day/night are the worst.  Inside is a miasma of Venezuelan & Colombian kids, tourists with larger than life luggage, totally confused and disoriented white American tourists that are so alarmed that almost nobody is speaking English (I love that look of bewilderment) and of course the people that are just there to loiter and cause foot traffic nightmares.  If you're a good contortionist (as I am) or have circumnavigated the likes of Times Sq--I mean Manhattan's Theatre District, then you can snake your way through the crowd easily! The selection of factory and non-factory stores is good, just don't plan on shop hopping quickly.  Bring your patience and avoid chanclas because you will probably get foot raped once or twice. Don't even think of going into the Starbucks by the South Cheesecake Factory entrance.  You'll probably spend 45 minutes in line because someone ahead of you is trying to pay with Colombian Pesos or a debit card (with no MC or Visa logo) from Lithuania. Today's most memorable sight was a rather rotund Caracas-style woman wearing a tight burgundy moo moo hovering over the food court garbage can hungrily watching as all the wasted food was being thrown out.  With each new continental variety, her eyelids drew higher and more and more of her scleras were visible to the public.
I love this mall! The food, the service, the malls. It's all a great experience. SIDE NOTE: I've noticed many people have yelped saying " too loud , too many tourist " and " chongas with their hoop earrings and lip liner " ( you know who you are ) but I find it absurd that you can actually give Dolphin Mall a bad review because of the people. The mall has nothing to do with the people who decide to go there. Also, the mall is in fricking Miami, Florida. What did you expect? A quiet mall with nice elevator music playing throughout the mall? Miami is like a melting pot of nationalities and the biggest tourist attraction in the US yet you expect to not see tourists and people. Can white people stop complaining about every single possible flaw in the mall and just enjoy yourself and stop worrying about other Mall Goers.
I was in Miami for business and had a free afternoon.  I went to Dolphin Mall and had a great time shopping.  I didn't even know there was a Donna Karen outlet!  They also had some good restaurant options.  Since I was from out of town I was concerned about finding  taxi, but it was easy.  Another great shopping experience!
Dolphin Mall is one of the largest malls, within 10 minutes away from the Kendall area. Sure, there is International Mall which is a few minutes away, but what makes this mall stand out is that they have all types of retail stores which have really good discounts. Forever 21, Polo Ralph Lauren, American Eagle-- you name it, they got it! You can find anything you need here because they have a large selection of stores. They also have a really huge movie theater if you want to catch a movie. If you are into video games, also they have a Dave & Buster's. The only downfall about this place is the parking and crowds. Parking is hard to find some times, so you may need to drive around the mall and park at the back. The crowds are also very rowdy, and there isn't a lot of empty space because everyone is hustling and bustling to get where they need to go. And the adventure continues...
One of my fave malls to visit when I'm home. Forever 21, Off-Fifth, Last Call...There are so many shops to choose from and items that you're not going to find anywhere else. Caters to a lot of shoppers from South America, so the selection in the stores are gonna be forever changing and the discounts are deep.
Dolphin Mall, also known as the top place in Miami where high school students loiter. Food- A+ (I love the Cheesecake Factory and Texas de Brazil- two of my favorites) Crowd- C (too many high school students, too many people being pushy) I like how they sell lottery tickets at the information desk in the front. With so many stores, I feel you would find what you would need here. Stores have great prices too--and I think this place is considered an outlet mall, or used to be. Parking is a pain in the rear here. You may have to park all the way at the other side of the mall to get where you need to go. Interesting fact: The bathrooms at Dolphin Mall do not have mirrors.
Parking was a nightmare. The mall was beyond crowed. I think it exceeded the capacity for people in one place. Their were tons of people at the mall dragging along their luggage. I have never had so many customer service people speak to me in spanish. Seriously, I felt like I was at the plazas america mall in puerto rico. After that visit I decided to take spanish classes. It's just a mall. I don't see the big deal about this place.  I much rather shop online then to deal with the masses of people in this mall. Just finding a parking spot is enough to make me want to go home. No mi guesta El Dolphin Mall.
A big indoor mall with a lot of stores for all ages and a lot of restaurants. The prices are really cheap here (a lot cheaper than say dadeland mall). Only thing is the fashion in most of the stores for my age isn't my style. A lot of stores are very "Miami Fashion" and I prefer something more conservative and more prep/business casual (like say Banana Republic or Jcrew clothes mixed with LK Bennett heels and Chanel accessories). And parking can be of an issue if you come here on the weekends. It is a far drive for me (aka traffic) and I have to pay tolls whenever I come also which is a pain.
3.5 stars rounded up to a 4. Pros: - SO MANY STORE SELECTIONS! You can spend a whole day here and finish Christmas shopping for your friends, family, pets, co-workers, neighbors, past teachers, past co-workers, family doctor, the mailman, etc. etc. - Easy to navigate - THE FOREVER 21 STORE IS HUGE! - There's a food court and tons of individual restaurants in case you get hungry - There's also a movie theater, bowling alley, and a Dave & Busters Cons: - Parking is difficult to find, especially from Thursday evening - Sunday evening - 2/3 of the people there are tourists... (rude tourists too) - Because of the number of tourists, the lines at the popular stores will always be long (Victoria's Secret, Forever 21, Starbucks, Coach, Nike) - A lot of walking if required if you plan on visiting all the stores - There's a Starbucks but don't bother going unless you want to spend an hour in line and another hour waiting for a drink Dolphin Mall has always been a hang-out spot for me and my friends. We would get froyo, watch a movie, and then just go shopping. But over the years after the addition of many stores, the crowds of people begin to grow and the atmosphere is just taking a fall (I really hate having to weave my way through tourists with huge shopping bags and suitcases). The variety of stores and restaurants keep me coming back though!
This mall sucks sweetwater cops be all over . I thought ppl had rights till one night I was sitting down with some friends 6 sweetwater cops aproched us and wanted to search us we clearly was doing nothing but sitting down and talking ,  cops threaten us searched us and even had beaten up one of my friend cause he did the right thing and didnt want to let them search him. We live in a world where we can't even trust the law sweetwater cops are jerks
I was at this mall the first time today. This mall really sucks. The parking lot is so bad. The place was too crowded to even shop. I gave up after few stores. I will never return again!
The only time of day this mall could be tolerate on weekends is early in the morning. If you arrive early, you can enjoy the outlets (the only real reason to come here) while the mall is still pretty empty AND you can always find parking which is a major plus. Trust me. You'll thank me later. Aside from that, I really don't come to this mall for the eateries or to watch a movie. Don't believe the hype. I think I rather go to Muvico in Hialeah than deal with Dolphin Mall parking and people. The outlets have great deals sometimes and that's when it's worth the drive.
This mall is really hard for me to review. There are so many things that I love about this mall: 1) the biggest forever 21 I have ever been inside of 2) I never have to go anywhere else if I'm looking for something specific because there are so many stores it just requires a little legwork to find it 3) the movie theatre in the mall is always great to go to But then there are all the bad things like: 1) no parking ANYWHERE 2) people are going to hit you while walking and then always look at you like it's your fault 3) the food options in here suck So I'm gonna go with three stars and a piece if advice, don't come in here thinking that it's going to be a lovely experience. It is always overwhelming to shop at Dolphin Mall.
I like how there are so many places to See and visit, however it's too crowded sometimes! That's because I have only been on the weekends, but overall it's a beautiful mall! A lot of tourists!!
Undoubtedly one of the worst mall experiences you could have can be found at the Dolphin Mall. A mall that reminds us of the mistakes this wonderful city. The boneheadedness of the Dolphin Mall goes beyond the lack of its stores and a proper departmental anchor. Dolphin Mall is really a blueprint third-rate mall that wears the mask of a first-rate. First off, it was built in a highly-developed area that's know as little Latin America. Its within a 1 mile radius of a well established mall (the Miami International Mall). It was placed in an area that is not quickly nor easily accessible from the Dolphin Expressway (even its own namesake shuns it). You also can't get there fast enough anymore without paying for it via Sunpass. The Florida Turnpike doesnt advise the area either..you have to get off 12th or else you passed it buddy! The design of the building itself is also a head-scratcher. Its not an end to end kind of mall, instead its a square pathed mall that is not evenly spread in terms of stores. The middle to south east areas are almost always packed while the northwest side (bass proshops area) is as dead as elvis. The selection of outlet shops look less on the sawgrass tip and more on the navarro/sedano tip without the second-hand pricing to boot.  The majority of the outlet shops also are not very inventive in display-age, unlike to that of the sawgrass mills mall. On the upside, they do have a very good movie theatre in Cobb..as well as a nice bowling alley in Strike. Let's not forget about D&B's & Friday's too. But the problem is that these locations are so saturated in the fecal-end of our species that it makes it very difficult to enjoy these locations thoroughly. Let me also comment that this location has the one thing that earns this horrendous mall's one star. The shining star that is Texas de Brazil. A steakhouse that caters to a clientele that doesn't really match the location its in. Texas de Brazil is a direct reflection to the city Dolphin Mall resides in; Doral. A nice neighborhood that's across the street from dust-filling refineries, ugly warehouses, and a garbage mountain! The last thing and most important thing to take from this rectal bashing of a review is this : Be careful driving in the dolphin mall. The entrance road to a mall is a road that does not have a stop sign unless a stop sign is placed there. Drivers at the dolphin mall do not *i repeat* do not follow the road signs. They will not stop when you drive in, you must yield your way to get to your parking spot which 92% will be more than 3 blocks away from the mall's doors.
This mall went from being a nice, comfortable mall with so-so stores and a great Bookstore to a horrible place wall to wall full of rude unpleasant people and better stores. After being there for an hour looking for a dress for my daughter, we both decided the extreme pain in our heads was due to the oppressive stupidity and absolute rudeness not only of the people wandering around the mall but even the ever present "dead behind the eyes" look and attitude of anyone that works in that mall especially at Cobb.   Thank the dear lord for Modcloth. I remember how pleasant this mall was when it first opened (Ahh RIP Earthbound, Mars Music and Borders) to the chonga/toolicious magnet it is today.  Unless you can make it on a weekday at 10AM then it isn't worth trying.   The only reason it doesn't have one star is the fact that yes, they are getting better stores. If only it weren't sheer hell trying to shop in this mall.......
I FINALLY did it.  I FINALLY walked around the entire Dolphin Mall!  I did the WHOLE circle!  Phew!  What a workout.  So proud!  :) This place has everything you need and discounted prices.  You really cannot beat that!  Not to mention that its HUGE and includes most mall stores.  Now it does lack in the High-End stores, although there us the Off 5th outlet, but for the most part you can find something for any occasion.   It does have huge crowds, so as Gus states, avoid this place on the weekends, but if you must, no worries.  Park far and walk.  Trust me, its worth it to avoid the hassle.  Valet is a nightmare when trying to retrieve your car. Aside from shopping, there's a bowling alley, Dave & Busters, tons of restaurants, and a movie theatre.  You can pretty much spend the whole day here being interactive!
Every now and then the rain just starts pouring down. We needed a plan and decided to hit the mall. I'm already thinking my luggage is too tight, I have enough clothes and want to save my money - but I needed some Miami wear. Let's GO! The mall has a lot of shopping choices. I got mini skirts, mini dresses, hot high heels and clutches....yes multiple. It is my birthday trip, so I blame the over shopping on my birthday. The only thing I hated about this mall and Miami in general is the lack of toliet seat covers in the restrooms. Everyone hovers peeing all over the seats. The bathrooms are filthy, pee on the seats, toilet paper...eww. It's says "Ladies Room", not Messy Room. Other than that, I was happy and made it out with bagfuls of goodies. Happy Birthday to me, haha.
One of two things that made this Mall tolerable was the book store that I could hide out ion while Face went shopping   Now, that book store is a "Toyzam!"    What the eff is a Toyzam??? I hate this place so much     The only reason anyone should go here is if you are a 15 year old girl
Many visits to this mall and finally got around to this review. Huge outlet mall, and what I do like is if you just keep walking and walking you will eventually come back to the same place you started at. So no worries you can not get to lost in here. Many stores to choose from. For some reason I still like Sawgrass Mills better. Dolphin Mall has some good stores to choose from but then they also have some that are not so nice. My one complaint at this mall is in so many stores here they speak to you only in Spanish. Hey, I wish I spoke it but I do not and if I go to my all famous Allapatha shopping area I expect them to only speak in Spanish. But this is a mall, come on people a mall where I can not understand the language. There have been several times where I have just walked out of stores because the staff refused to speak in English to me. I come here basically for one reason and one reason only, convenience. It is the closest mall to me, and they have Charley's which I love their cheese steak, yummy. It's just an OK mall, nothing to exciting for me here.
This place is just horrible! I rather drive to Sawgrass to get a good deal in outlet stores. The mall itself is great but the people that come here make it the worst mall in all of Miami. Any person that was raised in Miami avoids this place at all cost. On any given weekend you can barely walk in the mall, so beware of holidays! My parents are Latin but the people here are just too much for me! Stay far away from the movie theater here.. You will only find middle school kids that get dropped off by their parents! If you watch a movie here, good luck if you can make it through the entire movie without immature comments or something being thrown. I live in Doral so sometimes this is our only option to stay close to home but its just terrible. Watching Paranormal Activity here was really something else. If you must go shop here try and go during 9am to 5pm and park as far as you can so your car doesn't get hit!
I wanted to give it 2.5 stars but I can't. The problem with Dolphin Mall is that it has way too much traffic. And I mean crowds. South and Central Americans flock to this mall just to shop so you are not going to really get a good deal because they already bought it. The mall has hotels surrounding it just for this purpose. I'm sure you can find a few items (I found only two out of the entire place) but you have a better chance of hitting the actual stores at malls with big sales. Otherwise, good luck finding your size, or anything specific, because it is gone.
Dolphin Mall and I have a long history together. This mall opened in 2001, a prime time to become a mall rat at the age of 15. I spent every weekend exploring every corner of this godforsaken mall. This was my place for first dates - the Cobb Cinema and Friday's. I worshiped this place simply for its adequacy as a loitering spot for teens that had no cars and nowhere else to go. As an adult and with a new world that comes with acquiring a car, I deem this mall one of the worst in Florida. It's an outlet mall, so you can find good prices, but the store selection is mediocre and the layout of the mall itself is the worst. You will walk god knows how many miles in circles until you find what you're looking for. You're better off going to International Mall across the street, or better yet, go to Dadeland Mall. Worse yet is the Cobb Cinema. Be prepared to deal with dozens of middle-school kids in a movie they obviously don't care to see - singing, yelling, and throwing food. As a matter of fact, just a few weeks ago someone was stabbed during a showing of Pineapple Express. Seriously, Pineapple Express? My 15 year old sister is now stuck in the Dolphin rut along with plenty other Sweetwater/Doral kids. She's doing the same thing - Cobb Cinemas followed by a dinner at Friday's. I guess the only thing you can take from this if anything is - this mall sucks for adults. But hey - at least they try. They recently opened a "Cinebistro" - a movie theater for those aged 21 and over that directly deals with the issue of "this mall sucks for adults". Except a movie ticket costs $17 bucks. Yeah, thanks - I'll be at Sunset Place...
This review is for the Movie Theather... I guess I am getting older...or the crowd is getting way younger. My hubby and I decided to go watch The Fourth Kind on Sat night and we were not ready for what we got. The Cinema was full of young teens , it just so happen that  most of them decided to see that same movie that night...and wow...between the "comments" ,the noise, the laughter etc...I was barely able to concentrate on the actual movie. Plus we had a teenage couple making out right next to us...Jesus!! Not a good experience at all...I am sorry ....but my teen years are way over...We will go somewhere else for movies next time...maybe a place more suitable for grownups.
Walking through the hordes of teenagers, you start to feel a bit out of place in this mall. Suffice to say, I'm not a fan of this place. I only come here when necessary. I like some of the stores located in this mall, namely Forever 21 (which I love), Banana Republic, Old Navy, Bath & Body Works, etc. But the joy of shopping at these stores is quickly diminished when you see the goth-wannabe children or the tacky-hoochie teenaged girls that frequent this mall, all on their cellies by the way. Side note, why would you need a celly when you're 9 and your parents are right next to you? Anyway, when I do come here, I try and weave through the children and trashy looking people to get to the stores I like and leave as quickly as possible. Again, not a fan.
