Awesome shop that from the outside looks tiny but does get bigger plus the upstairs section is all mens.. More room down stairs for the ladies.. Anyhoo, customer service is amazing and I found my new favorite perfume here .. Not, telling which one but there small bath & body section and candle area yields some awesome stuff that was new to me... Love my Halmut Lang dress that I picked up here.. It's also my new fav. This place is also right near the beach which offers beach wear for those who want to lounge in fashion.
My own worst enemy lies on 8th and Collins. Best brands on the beach, housing top designers like Marc Jacobs and limited edition pieces from Kate Moss for Topshop collection (yes i suckered to the goddess of style). Summer deals are at an all time high as of now, so be sure to stop by the back of the store where you will find the best in designer savings. Peek in every couple weeks for new deliveries from Helmut Lang, 3.1. Phillip Lim, DVF and more. Find the perfect fit amongst the wall of jeans, a great selection in a variety of styles. Attention males: it takes a little effort, but once you hit the top of the staircase, it'll be worth it.
I couldn't tell where the music was coming from - the beat was fast, upbeat, and pleasant - the vibe you'd expect at a south beach lounge or nyc spring fashion show - and so when I discovered it was coming from hidden speakers outside Barney's Co-Op, Miami (BCOM), I smiled cause I wasn't far off. BCOM is def an interesting spot - industrial interior design hidden within an unsuspecting white beach house, it's a great blend of new york edge and south beach cool. What you'd expect: the usual Barney's suspects throughout - Khiel's and RL on the first floor, the likes of Mcqueen, Comme de Garcon, Allen up top. They have all the premium denim starting line players - rock, true rel, earnest, citizens, etc. and a strong collection of tshirt from the uber trendy trovata and marc jacobs, to the wtf? billionaire boys club... Happy to have Barney's Co-Op in Miami but wtf?, you're a CO - OP, maybe carry some local flavor? They're a bunch of hot miami designers, show a little love to the locals and maybe the miami gods will be kind next hurricane season...
Prepare yourself to find the perfect jeans. Even if you have short legs and a regular jeans shopping experience involves you spending six hours at a mall and leaving empty handed. The salespeople are friendly and helpful, specifically Mario in the men's section. There are some interesting pieces at this store, but usually way out of my budget. It was refreshing to come during a sale and come out of it with great quality, fitted jeans - one of the few things in life truly worth paying a lot for. :)
Another well stocked Barney's Co-Op in the heart of Miami Beach.  Menswear is located on the second floor, womens on the ground floor.  The shopgirls/boys were very friendly and helpful when asked questions about sizes and fits of certain designers. Loads of sale items were available during my visit at an additional 20%, where they had already been marked down up to 75% off, nothing like a recession to bring prices back down to earth.  Amazingly, they still had my sizes available on most of the sale items (medium/large).
Surprisingly awesome for Miami Beach shopping. Here you'll find options if you don't wear skintight white jeans with lacquer-ed on spandex tops to showcase your enhancements. I was surprised how dark and low key a lot of their selection here is. It's curated more like a NY Barney's than the actual Co-op in SoHo! I would have loved a few more shoe and Co-op line selections for the ladies, thus a 4/5 star. However, the men's collection is superb. We went in half-expecting to walk right out, nothing new to see here folks, but he found the jeans he's been searching for in like a million different states. He put them on and loved them, and the sales guy was surprisingly honest. When he went to try on a second pair, he was like "Yeah, you won't like these. Those are the ones." And so he got 'em! New favorite jeans. The sales associate was super helpful and suggested places for us to check out for food and places to see that day. The men's collection is great--amazing shirts, jeans, and scarves, and all really well selected.
This is a great place to exercise shopping therapy and the location from the beach (2 blocks away!) makes it so much more tempting. This place stocks designers I can't find anywhere else -- I love how they have Botkier bags here mingled with the diptyique candles and other super-trendy (but in a good way) brands that you usually only read in fash mags. If I had bank to blow, I would definitely splurge here.
Amazing selection of all the great stuff I can't afford :) Friendly sales people who arent pushy or following you around the place.
I love all the Barney's in NY but this one is actually probably my favorite.
