Really excellent and big park in sobe. They've revamped the tennis pavilion and it's very clean and modern, on par with a lot of private facilities. Clay courts are very well maintained. Staff is also very good there too. Pool is also clean and big.   Only downside is parking. You need a permit to park? What??
I love it, it's so clean and quite and also dog friendly. I come here very often to walk my chihuahua and he loves it too. It's really nice if you are looking for a place to clear your mind and stress and also to spend some time with your pet!
This park's demographic is a bit of Euro-trash, narcissistic dude's with tribal tattoos, Pitbull-Cubanos, and Cross-Fit-Yuppie-types. It ain't a bad park -- just a friendly reminder that drones will walk into parks, too.
I play tennis here and am pretty pleased.  The staff for the most part are friendly, they have great hours, the courts are in good condition for intermediate players, etc. etc. etc.  All mostly positive!!!
I want to like this park so much.  It's like a movie starring your favorite movie stars and favorite director that you want to like, but despite all the right elements, nothing seems to come together and at the end, you are left with the feeling of disappointment and wasted time.  Yes, Flamingo Park is like that. It is perfectly located in South Beach.  It is a good size and has large fields, basketball courts, racquetball courts, baseball diamonds, soccer fields, water park, tennis courts, dog park...  All this would seem like the ideal place to spend time outdoors, but here is where reality meets concept and kicks it squarely in the proverbial balls! The park is so poorly maintained that prison exercise yards seem like paradise in comparison.  The grass is less grass and more weeds, poison ivy and crab grass, with dog poo scattered like land mines everywhere to a point that the UN may intervene.  The basketball court has more potholes and broken ground than Jersey, not to mention the rusted backboards.  The swimming pool is where the US government weaponizes bacteria into chemical weapons, despite smelling like a large vat of Chrlorine!  The racquetball and handball courts are open-air bathrooms for homeless people and more useless than a Kardashian.  Parking is damn near impossible to find with all the residential spots, and make sure to pack a gun if you are going to be here at night...    I can go on, but I am sure you get the picture. It is sad for me, who lives so close to this park and want so much to have a beautiful place to spend the day, throwing the ball around, playing racquetball or just relaxing with a picnic basket.  If they take some care of this park, it can be the centerpiece of South Beach outdoor life and a hotspot of locals and activity.  For now, I give this place two stars and cross my fingers with some hope.
This park has public clay tennis courts, two full court outdoor basketball courts, racquet ball courts, a pool and a dog park. The basketball courts are lighted and usually open until late afternoon and the evenings. It's more or less a SOBE scene with the West courts unofifically reserved for a full court game and you'll need to assert yourself to get into that game. The two East courts usually have unofficial 3 on 3 games and again, you'll need to assert yourself to get the next game. You can reserve a tennis court by calling or try dropping in, but on weeknights and weekends you should reserve a court. There are also tennis lessons. Don't be surprised if they limit your play to an hour only, even if it is busy. It's a SOBE thing. I've played on a company COED softball league on the baseball field. The league we were in was very competitive league but was well organized. The baseball fields are lighted. There is public parking in the main lot near the swimming pool and tennis courts. There is also street parking on the East and West sides of the park.
Not only does this public park impress with the variety of playing fields and recreational options, but you can even call in advance to reserve a tennis court. The only downside can be their court scheduling. On a bad day, you could be running between courts kicking people off the court they swear they've reserved for extra time. Also on the downside is they $13 fee per court (for residents, more for non-residents). Hit up 305-673-7761 and just let them know your name and desired court time for a reservation.
All around great park!  Used by tons of people, but the city really maintains it well, there's always working doing work somewhere.   The park has 2 fenced in areas for dogs.  One is always locked because they spray for bugs and do landscaping while it's locked and the other will be open.  They switch about once a month.  Also, if you have a dog, there are always people with their dogs off leash in other parts of the park.  Not "allowed" but mostly overlooked.  Extra thumbs up for the many "doggie bags" available in case you forgot to bring one.   Park also has tennis courts, swimming pool that is free to miami beach residents, kids play area with surrounding fence so the kiddies don't wander to far, soccer fields, baseball diamond, racquetball facilities, basketball courts, picnic tables by playground (always people having kids birthday parties), running track, parking lot ... so much going on I'm sure I'm missing something. Bike friendly, skateboard and rollerblade friendly (sidewalks).  People are very cool and local.  Gets busy in the afternoon, esp between 5-8pm.
Flamingo Park is a huge green expanse located in the center of South Beach.  They have a full-size football field (where Miami Beach High plays), with a track around it (4 laps = 1 mile).  There's a gym, but you have to be a member of the Police Athlethic League to use it.  There's an outdoor pool, a bunch of tennis courts, racquetball courts, basketball courts, a dog park, a baseball diamond, and even a soccer field.  Not to mention a playground for the little ones, and tons of green space to just relax and enjoy the sunny SoBe weather. The park is well lit, and you can find people there getting their exercise on at pretty much ever hour of the day.  Check out the website, or go an ask questions about joining the pool or signing up for tennis lessons.  Prices are very reasonable, even if you're not a Miami Beach resident.  The park is walking distance from most of the SoBe area, but there's parking all around it if you're coming from farther away.
I'm a little surprised this park is a little ran down it needs a face lift. Overall it offers almost everything you need in a park. It just really looks like it should belong the hood. Nothing wrong with the "hood", but Miami beach taxes are not low you would think this park would be somewhat beautiful and up to date.  I can't even sit on the benches cause the odor of dog crap if so strong. My favorite part of the park Is the track because it's really clean and quiet. I cannot understand why they don't have a track for rollerblades or bikes? I mean.... I'm just saying!
Ok, so Flamingo's Bark Park is the closest one to my apartment. It's within walking distance and it's pretty sizeable, so I give it credit there. Beyond that, I can't think of many good things to say about it. I've been going to this dog park for well over a year, and they have never had both of the adjacent parks open at the same time. When it rains just a little bit, both parks become nasty muddy messes. The larger of the two parks is always muddy due to poor engineering in regards to runoff from the watering station. The bag stations are frequently empty and the trash is always full. There are way too many dogs in sobe to have only one small dog park open at a time. Forget about going at 6pm during the week; there are too many dogs and people to feel safe there. Not to mention some of the unsavory characters and animals who frequent it (pit bulls, unspayed females in heat, unfriendly owners who get upset if their pup wants to play with other dogs). With so many dogs there, how can one be sure they are all under flea control? Up to date on rabies shots? Sick or with worms? Maybe I'm hypersensitive, but I want to give my buddy the best, and this park doesn't cut it. Bottom Line: Flamingo Bark Park will pass in a pinch but there are better places out there to take your furry friend.
On those gorgeous Miami days when swimming in pool significantly outweighs my desire to sit behind a desk, I head to Flamingo Park. You just show your local ID and voila, instant gratification. If you're stringing along a fleet of toddlers, there's a separate area complete with water squirters... I often feel like I'm in an amusement park. The more serious swimmers can do laps in the sectioned off lanes while casual swimmers can hit up the open swim area that offers a nice depth. When being dry is my next mission, I park it on a nearby lounge chair. A great find indeed!
Really cool neighborhood park!   It has a public pool, fitness center, children's playground, tennis courts, stadium, track, basketball courts, baseball field, batting cages, and raquetball courts.  Gotta dog?  You'll love the Bark Park, two fenced off-leash areas complete with obstacle courses, fire hydrants, and doggy water "spa" stations.  Entrance to Bark Park is at 14th & Michigan Streets. Great place for you and your dog to stay fit and socialize!
I love the courts at Flamingo Park in South Beach! Yes the place is packed and yes, they double-book the courts quite often, but the atmosphere, the climate, the clay/ har-through surface are all amazing and unique. Very different (and better) experience from hard courts. There are 17 outdoor public courts here with lights. There is also an active 3.5 and 4.0 seasonal tennis ladder which you can join for $20 and issue challenges to other participants in the ladder. Tennis clinics are run often by some of the local pros. The cost was $20 in 2007. Since this is a public tennis facility, the court fee to play on the courts is nominal - a few dollars, depending on whether or not you are a South Beach resident, which (they can't and) rarely check. You can reserve a tennis court by calling (305) 673-7761. There is a $2 "phone fee" for taking a court reservation over the phone, which they never remember to charge you for.
I would give them 3 stars for trying and for providing a pretty cool do-it-all here central location for so many cool activities, but: - They did a great job updating the swimpark...then forgot about everything else.  As Kevin said, the raquetball court needs to be updated...as does the basketball court...as do their horrendously flawed tennis courts.  I realize that it's contracted out, but I'm sure one of the stipulations is that the courts should remain in good condition.  They have craters that would make anyone fall on their face there. - The dog park is in HORRIBLE condition.  No one picks up after their dogs, the run area is tiny, and barely any of it is shaded.  They never do anything to hose it down and it constantly smells horrible. - FLEAS!!!  My dog has gotten fleas from this park not once, but twice.  Why, you ask, would I be so stupid as to bring my dog back to a park where she got fleas?  Oh, right, because I thought the park was treated and figured she must have picked them up somewhere else.  However, after a little test of not taking her there for a month and instead taking her to several other parks, I took her back and the fleas were back again. 2 stars for the great potential, 0 stars for upkeep and fleas - ew!!
The variety in this park is amazing. They have a track, a kids park, a swimming pool that's actually really nice for training, a dog park, and all these other things. Basketball baseball etc. I live right in front and it's so fun to run laps around the entire park and see how many different activities are going on. Well lit at night too.
When I moved to south beach I was told to move by flamingo park because I had a big dog that needed to run every day.  I got a place off meridian and it was a two minute walk to the park. The first time I went there I was kind of disappointed. I came from colorado, who are known for parks and this park wasn't what I expected.  But it quickly grew on me.   I started to meet people there and my dog met more and more playmates.  I do like the park and think everyone should check it out.
This is one of my favorite places to walk my dogs! I usually have a few clients who live near this area and so when I'm there I take my dogs to their Dog Park and also walk them in around the park. There's always friendly people there as well as dog owners walking their dogs! Great place for a stroll :)
I recently took a vacation to Miami.  I was planning on getting some open water swimming in but ocean was very rough the first couple days in town.  I was resigning myself that I was going to have to settle for dryland training when the good folks at Crunch directed me to the pool at Flamingo Park. This was a great find.  The pool has plenty of lanes (I am thinking 10 but not really sure) and the depth goes from 3.5 ft to 7 ft in each lane.  The regulars are nice and I never had a problem getting a lane one the 4 days I did my workouts. The cost of the pool is free for residents but they will allow vistors in for $10 a session. The locker room is clean but I would probably avoid using it in the future.  Come ready to swim and leave your bags out by your lane. Since Crunch wanted $35 a day the Flamingo Park pool was a great find.   Even though the ocean did eventually calm down I still did a morning work at the pool before heading to the ocean. Flamingo Park is only a 5 minute walk on 11th from the hotels on Ocean Drive.
Flamingo Park hosts a wide range of sports activities with a Baseball diamond playing area, soccer field, swimming pool, clay tennis courts, raquetball court, climbing frames, running track, basket balls courts, and play ground for the kiddies with picnic tables thats fenced for safety. The baseball and soccer grounds are locked unless you make a reservation with the park to use them at a charge of $400 dollars. Dog owners come here alot especailly in the evenings, there are two dog parks that are maintained every month, one is always locked for a tidy up and debugging for those doggy pests. There are three car parks on the premises, one at 11th Street, and two on Michigan Avenue between 12th and 15th. Flamingo park is a great place to come play with your buddies some basketball, and all the other vacilities on offer, open to the public both local or out of towners.
The track is concrete, not rubber (update: they're rebuilding it as of July 2013), but otherwise a great park right in the heart of South Beach. The softball/soccer field is usually open for any chosen activities. Very nice re-done tennis courts. Basketball courts too and a swimming pool. Racquetball courts and a designated fenced-off dog area.
what do i do at flamingo park? i go play racquetball often. what have i done at flamingo park? while unemployed, i interviewed over the phone for a job in dallas texas while sitting under a palm tree. by the way, i got the job. what wouldnt i do at flamingo park? walk through it at night.
I'm SO glad that they expanded the dog park! When I stopped by this week, all the equipment looked new and clean, the grass was fully there, and I didn't see any mud even though it rained recently. Yay!
This is a impressive facility given that it is municipally owned. Hard tru courts that have recently been refurbished.
Forgetting the fact that the basketball/handball courts are straight out of a state penitentiary, Flamingo Park has a good amount going for it. To begin with, it's much bigger than it looks. Multiple soccer fields, tennis courts, baseball diamonds (including one with stands), a dog park, basketball courts, a football field, handball courts, a running track, parallel/high bars, a playground, a swimming pool with bells & whistles (literally), palm trees, shade trees, and a public gym are just some of the goods you'll find in the park. With all these amenities, expect a decent amount of green space in area known for its beaches. It's a nice surprise. With all of these goings on, expect it to be packed... and it is. The park is always busy. Expect the shrieks of little children, families picnicking on the tables, more dogs than a Best in Show show [point of order: dog owners, clean up after your pooch. Seriously.], bike riders committed to the idea of running over pedestrians, young ruffians playing soccer and/or basketball, restaurant workers getting some calisthenics in between/after shifts, prison muscle working out in the gyms, older men who, for some reason, keep going in and out of the men's room (must have small bladders), lots of tennis players, teenagers who, if their public behavior is to be followed to the next logical step, will soon be parents, construction workers, very few tourists, and one dashing community manager cutting through on the way to and fro. Oh, and everyone there will be talking much more loudly than they need to be. And, despite all of the insanity, it's actually a peaceful respite from the day-to-day of South Beach. Check it out but, maybe, steer clear of those bathrooms.
There's something very peaceful about Flamingo Park. Set in the residential area of western South Beach. The grass is always perfectly kept. There is plenty of parking (a rarity here), and many different activity sites such as a large pool, football field with running track, basketball hoops,etc. Lots of lovely, well maintained trees to provide shade for you on a sunny day.
Despite my mother's constant worried warnings that this is the park "where the boyz are," I found myself here quite a bit.  I guess that explains a lot.  Actually now that I think about it, I suppose by "homosexual," my mom really meant to say "local."  And indeed it is.  Hardly a tourist in sight.  Come here for a morning jog, a game of raquetball, or whatever physical activities the "locals" enjoy, which always involves staying fit.
This park is beautiful.  It has been transformed since 2006 into a fantastic 36 acre park for kids and anyone who likes activities like tennis, pool swimming, squash courts, kids play area, bountiful grass for resting or reading, and overall good atmosphere.  We'll be back!
Thank goodness for Flamingo Park!  One of the best things about living in South Beach is how walkable it is.  It's one of the only places in MIA where you see people out and about, strolling and just enjoying the beautiful FL weather.  Flamingo Park is a great place to see people playing with their kids or their dogs, sports teams (whether pick up or organized), and just to get a little greenery.  I go there in the mornings to walk around the track and it's such a great community resource.  My only wish is that they turned on the track lights a bit earlier, since it can be a little sketchy when dark, but that's really a pretty minor complaint.
Flamingo Park was our home away from home during our years on South Beach.   Within walking distance and with ample parking available when the streets were packed it almost literally had it all.   We took the dog to the dog park and watched as he slowly walked the perimeter, avoiding the other dogs.  We spent most weekend days during the summer months at the pool and playground, enjoying the shade of the large trees.  The pool was free for residents, $2 for non-residents.   The field was great for soccer and the long sidewalk made bike lessons and skateboarding safe and easy.  We miss it.  It was a great park nestled in the middle of a hectic little beach town.
Great tennis courts and lots of them. Lots of half naked male bodies playing pickup basketball on the bball courts. Racquetball courts, playground, handball courts, dog park, and roller blade paths. GREAT park.  Open to anyone no membership required.  They sell balls, drinks and raquet restringing at the pro shop, and have showers in the locker rooms.  Walking distance from my hotel.  Loves it.
The pool is nice. Set up for lap swim in the morning and evening. The lifeguards and manager are friendly. Everything is clean.
This is a large public facility in beautiful Miami Beach. They are all clay courts in OK condition. They do have a pro shop. If you are a Miami Beach resident then its very cheap to play here but if you live anywhere else this place is really expensive.
Lots of dog walkers, city is always upgrading it so I think it will just get better and better. Lots to do, free yoga on Saturday mornings, adds a little spot of green to an overbuilt city.
This has to be the most active park in the entire Miami Beach area.  There is always something going on from baseball games, to basketball, to soccor, to tennis.  I like just walking through here as a cut through to other parts of the beach simply because it is interesting to just look around.  On occasion I have joined in the basket ball games, there seem to be games for all levels of players, but I mostly play a short game, realize I am still not good at this sport and move on.   The tennis courts are great.  I believe they are clay, and yes you have to pay to use them, but it is worth the money.  My friends take clinics here as well that they speak highly of, but I just come with casual players.  On the courts it is always best to call ahead to make sure there are some open. The open fields are normally the site of yoga classes and pick up soccer games, the latter being fun to watch, the former painful to participate in.  There is a playground area for children and an incredible family pool, that is often a bit to crowded for my taste.   Attached to the park is also a foot ball field and a 1/4 mile track, which with all the beautiful runs in the area I cannot understand the constant use by so many people.
Ive been going to Flamingo Park since I was a kid...nearly 50 years.  I'm a Miami Beach resident since the late 1960s.  Over the years, the park has had its ups and downs.  As of today, half the park is improving.  I love the fact that it's getting upgraded here and there from the new tennis court to the new football field.  That's awesome!  I just wish the rest of the park would get fixed up.  I was extremely sadden when they took out the legendary choo choo train from the kids play area.  I remember playing on that train since I was little kid.  I really hope they bring it back. As for the rest of park, it needs some huge improvements.  The basketball and baseball fields must be redone ASAP.  It's just been falling apart for over the past couple of decades.  It's weird that one half of Flamingo Park looks modern but the other half looks dated and worn out.  I'm surprised they never took out the old shuffle board and the old buildings nearby.  They haven't been used since like the late 1980s.  I'm like curious when they plan to rebuild the Boys and Girls Clubhouse?  I used to go there when I was a kid but it got torn down nearly a decade ago. A "public park" is meant to be for the people and I know it's a slow process to allocate funds but Flamingo Park needs help.  Anyway, the park is okay for now.  I take my 5yo niece to the park here n there.  The kids playground is safe and secured.  She loves having fun on the stuff there.  The park swimming pool is great too.  We have a nice time there too.
Miami Beach's park for basketball, softball, baseball, tennis, racquetball and swimming. So why only 3 stars? Racquetball courts need to be totally updated. This is where we go to play every week and it is almost embarrassing how poorly they are maintained.
great public tennis courts
This is a shout-out for the P.A.L. gym located near the Flamingo Park pool. The gym is clean, and not overcrowded.  It's perfect for the true weight-lifting / bodybuilding crowd, and  has a huge selection of free weights.  Best of all, the membership fees cost less for a whole month than other "boutique gyms" charge for a single entry.  It's a great place for Miami Beach visitors, who want to continue their workout without paying a fortune.
