When I first moved to Brickell, finding a new yoga studio was no easy feat. I came from an intimate spot in Coral Springs where I was among three students and had frequent one-on-one lessons by luck. I was looking for the same experience in Miami.....longing for the zen moments that keep me happy, calm and most importantly: sane. I went to all studios from Coral Way to the Beach and found nothing to reawaken my spiritual prowess, until I tried my first class at Biotonic. Nestled into a small storefront space in the Four Ambassadors, the front room is dedicated to "biotonic" power plate equipment (which I haven't tried, but have been told offers an incredibly tough and satisfying workout). Through double French doors, the yoga studio is hidden in the back. Calming lavender walls and dark wood floors invite yogis of all skill levels. My first class was with Gisele, an amazing instructor whose soothing voice and gentle demeanor immediately made me feel comfortable. The power flow class was simultaneously challenging and calming, as Gisele guided us through different poses, inspiring the class with powerful mantras and positive perspective. 75 minutes of pure bliss. We ended the class in a typical shavasana (corpse pose), and Gisele went one step further in the full-body relaxation process by massaging my tired, hard-working feet. I walked out of Biotonic feeling completely refreshed, relieved to have disovered my new happy place. Yes, I pay visits to yoga in the park and occasionally stop by Exhale for time with Jodi and Eben, but Biotonic is the hidden gem that I'll keep coming back to. Many thanks to Naya (my favorite Tuesday/Thursday teacher) and Gisele for bringing out the "light" in me.
Gisele & Marjorie are amazing trainers & people ! Thank you so much getting my body in top notch shape with the power plate! You get both your physical & spiritual needs met at once here Enjoy ;)
Look, I have limited yoga experience but even I know that the yoga class I experienced today is top-notch. If you're looking for a relaxing workout, but a SERIOUS workout nonetheless -- Biotonic's yoga class is perfect. I'll be going back . . . Once the soreness (which is imminent) settles. The experience was incredible. Five minutes into the session, sweat was dripping on my mat. It was pretty fast-paced, but easy to get the hang of (he-llo, I'm a beginner and did pretty damn good -- if I do say so myself!). The instructor (Sorry, I didn't catch her name!) had strong energy (does that make sense?) and so it was easy to really get into the class, to remain motivated, and push through the challenging poses. She was also extremely attentive and would fix people's positioning as the class progressed. At the end when everyone was just relaxing, she gave every person a mini face/neck/shoulder massage to ensure ultimate relaxation. Perfection. Here are the other highlights: 1. Timing: the Saturday class is at 11 am. NOT at 8 am like everywhere else! 2. Friendliness: The yoga instructor (and Biotonic's owner!) was ridiculously approachable and super nice. 3. Atmosphere: Biotonic is a small place with a small area for the Biotonic power plate exercises (I'll explain later) and a yoga room, but I liked that. It made the place more comfortable and intimate. 4. Location: It's on S. Miami Ave., so if you live on Brickell or nearby -- it's a quick walk away. It's literally next door to Tobacco Road. 5. Price: The first session is FREE. Single sessions are $15, but she has monthly packages available. She currently has 6 yoga classes a week -- she also offers private sessions. I will definitely be back for Biotonic's yoga. I think she's got me hooked! *Biotonic Power Plates: "Power plate uses the principles of Acceleration training exercise to stimulate the body's natural response to vibration. These vibrations transmit waves of energy throughout the body, activating muscle contractions between 25 to 50 times per second. These contractions lead to enhanced muscle strength, circulation, and performance in as little as 10 minutes a day, 3 sessions a week." (From the website) -- I haven't tried this but my friend swears by it!!
Couptessa brought me to Biotonic Brickell but Gisele, the owner and one of the power plate instructors, will keep me coming back!  I'm hooked! My first experience with power plate was at Biotonic Brickell.  I was nervous going as a first timer-- I have two left feet and don't do great at exercise classes.  Gisele calmed my fears, made me feel extremely welcome AND gave me a great workout!  She provides the perfect combination of encouragement and "push."  Plus, each "class" only consists of 3 people at most.  This means that you get a TON of one-on-one attention and guidance.  AWESOME!! I have completed 9 power plate sessions so far and am already seeing results and feeling better overall.  The regular priced sessions are pretty expensive but my experience has been so great that I plan to keep going!  Thanks, Gisele!!!
Great place! I love the powerplate workout- intense but also fun and so different. PLus you get a little powerplate massage to ward of soreness after. Going back to try the yoga but the owner is super nice and fun. Love this place!
This place is the BEST! I've been to a lot of yoga studio's in Miami and Biotonic has been my favorite so far. Gisele Omores is an amazing yoga instructor with attention to detail and works with everyone on their individual level of yoga. Her music is awesome. She is super sweet and classes are small and comfortable. It's one of Miami's hidden gems!!!
I wish I could give this studio 6 stars. I've taken Power Plate classes before, but the class at Biotonic Brickell seriously kicked my a**. My butt, abs and thighs were so sore afterward - I knew I got a great workout. Giselle was a phenomenal instructor. She was fun, professional and knowledgeable; she knew how to push me to my limit without overwhelming me. I definitely plan to go back!
