Great health center.  I could write a long review about how great it is but you have to take a tour and see for yourself.  From the 6000sqft weight room, the six lane lap pool, the 50 yard turf field, the two Mma octagons to the rock wall, the owner built this place right.  I'm happy there is a gym like this in Syracuse now.
READ THE FINE PRINT! I guess this is a given with health clubs, but unless you absolutely know you will use the club for  a year, you will pay a lot to get out of your contract.  Did you know, if you DIE, you will be assessed a $75 cancelation fee? That's in the contract.  My spouse signed me up after being told I could cancel at anytime, they didn't say if I did, there would be a $75 fee and I'd need a doctors note. Even when my spouse kept an active membership! We had to both come in with our new lease showing we  were moving out of state, and still had to pay the fee. There was not a single apology or "sorry, that's our policy," but instead had to deal with incredibly rude managerial staff.  You would think that since they are providing a service they would be more service oriented. I've told my friends to stay away.
I've been debating about posting this review since my health club experience are perhaps a little different than some people around here. To preface this review I belonged to a few very nice gyms outside of the area but needless to say I'm back I the area now so I need of a place to exercise. I don't want it to sound like this place is horrible but it does have some issues that need to be sorted out. In syracuse this is probably a 4 star gym but in a city probably not so much. Some of the issues in my mind are as follows. Well just a quick update nothing has been improved in fact things are getting worse. For example the entrance is getting dangerous.  The potholes will ruin your rims. Also why are people allowed to exercise barefoot?  Also  I'm so surprised they let people carry duffle bags around. It's a trip hazard someone is going to fall and it will be a huge insurance claim. The staff spends more time texting or face booking they never look up from their phones I really wish they would resolve some of these issues or at least put in a comment box 1.  The mens locker room and the hallway headed to it. The smell is not good. No where near enough hvac extraction with the volume of people here showers and sweat please make the air move it needs out 2.  Cardio is some of it really running on battery power?  Seriously get the appropriate amount of electrical service to make sure all equipment functions as it should specifically the elliptical's  ramps don't work on low batter power 3.  TV situation really 3 tvs set up like a pseudo jumbotron?  Need more in other places cardio is so long 4.  Why no purified water stations only one elementary school style water fountain. Really?  Yes they sell water but come on 5.  Towel service - yes a pet peeve of mine it's not just convince it's also sanitary. Towels are for laying on equipment before people do. Most people are too lazy to wipe down a bench we all know that That being said there's good points to. Wifi yes people seem nice and honestly from what I've seen there are not many better options in the area unless you want to drive downtown and deal with the parking or happen to work downtown I don't hate this health club but honestly it's more of a gym than a health club. If things change I will update this review  hopefully this review will help make the place a proper health club and not just another gym
