Great escape from the city! Love coming here to sit on a bench overlooking the bay and just relaxing :)
Great park!  I feel very safe going there to walk my dogs and when I go jogging.  Very clean and well kept.
Morningside is a true neighborhood park - a hidden gem found behind the deceptive guardhouses which are there just for show. It's a huge, waterfront park with lots to offer, including: -Tons of charcoal BBQ grills in shady locales throughout the park. Rarely full -Ample playground and kids' areas -Fields used for Soccer -Tennis courts -Basketball courts -Volleyball court -Kayak rentals (Saturdays only) -Stand Up Paddleboard rentals (Saturdays only) -Large running/walking loop around the park -Boat ramp -Probably several things I am forgetting I am withholding the elusive fifth star because it's not the safest park. Someone had their car broken into in broad daylight on a Saturday when I was there once (she left her purse on her passenger's seat, omg really? but still). Also, the bathroom situation is seriously lacking. There is a building in the center of the south side which looks like it has bathrooms, but they are always locked. There are bathrooms by the kayak rental area, but they are disgusting. Like the water is a horrible brown/yellow color and they are dirty. I heard there are bathrooms by the office on the north side of the park, but it is easier for me to go home than walk all the way over there. Alcohol is not allowed, but they are not going to hassle you about it at all unless you're being a total jerk. Overall, this is a gorgeous park. The trees are large and old, offering ample shade. It's well manicured and generally clean and well cared for. There is plenty of parking, but do lock your doors. It's a lot to combat for a small staff and a park which is, at the end of the day, super close to a not-so-nice neighborhood. Bottom Line: Park perfection for exercise and recreation alike with ample choices of things to do. Family fun in the sun!
A hidden gem located off of the hustle and bustle known as Biscayne.   Best part is that it is guarded by a guard house to keep the riff Raf out.  It has all of the amenities that you would look for...and much more.   I love how you can rent a kayak or even a sailboat for super cheap.
This park is great for tennis.  Hardly ever any waiting and they have night tennis too.  Open till 9pm on the weekdays, 8pm on the weekends. Advantage: MARCOS : )
I love parks and the outdoors so I will always give them high ratings if they have the common park necessities. Morningside is a great park that due to the gatehouse to get into the area, I bet a lot people don't know about. Actually the whole area that is Morningside is really cool. One of those places that you automatically want to live at. I did not see the kayak rentals that Joseluis talked about but I didn't look that hard. GAme, Set, Match: GEORGE
I went here specifically for the playground. It was just ok, not great. There are no swings (what's a playground without a swing?). My daughter was done with the play structures for the 2 year old crows in 10 Minutes. There was also quite a bit of trash lying around. The park itself is full of dogs, which is great if you are a dog lover, but not so great if you have a little toddler running around.
The first time I came to this park, it was for my daughter's middle school softball game. The park sits right on Biscayne Bay. The grass field is used for soccer practice (no goals); football, softball and dogs (be careful). During the weekends the park can get very crowded. I've played tennis on these courts several times. They are hard courts, not grass. The courts are somewhat maintained. You pay a minimal fee to play since it is one of the City of Miami courts. They also provide tennis lessons here, both group and private.   I did get my tennis racket re-strung here for $20. It was very informal, I dropped off my racket (no receipt) on a Saturday morning. I returned in a few hours and picked up my racket. It was a much better experience than some of the local sporting good stores and tennis pro shops. I've played basketball here a few times. The court is used by many of the local area kids and some of the local area adults. There is only one full court so if the group wants to play full court, that could be problematic, even if you are shooting around. The park is located in a gated community so you must stop at the gate and the attendant log your license plate. It is not necessary you roll down your window and speak to them, unless you want to.
I took the aqua aerobics class here on a Saturday morning at 11 and it was SO MUCH FUN. Um, and the class cost ONE DOLLAR. That's, like, free. The instructor Alexis has got the energy of Richard Simmons and lemme tell you...my calves are killing me!!! So instead of laying on the couch and eating Cheetos (to quell my hangover) like I normally do on Saturdays, I basked in the sun and took in some fun aqua aerobics goodness with one of my besties. I'm so glad I did, because now I don't feel so bad about binge eating at Philippe earlier.
Morningside Park is a really nice, big park in the Morningside neighborhood. It's located right on the bay, has boat ramps, kayak rentals, a workout course, tennis courts, a public pool, basketball courts, a playground, etc ... It's a perfect spot for a stroll, and the huge Banyan trees are not only fun to look at, they also make excellent hiding places for little kids playing hide and seek. During the summer, the pool has an hour-long aqua aerobics class taught in the early afternoons that's low-impact and really fun. There's also a boot camp taught throughout the year in the park. The only problem with Morningside Park is tracking down the info for the services offered.
morningside park just acquired 4 sailboats (big enough for 4 people) and those will start renting within two weeks for 35$ an hour. they will also start giving sailing classes for those interested. i am SO looking forward to this. oh and by the way, they already fixed their launching dock so its ALL good now. gotto love this park.
Don't let the "gated community" fool you. The houses have bars on the windows for a reason. When we were there last week a fight broke out in the parking lot...the cops came. Sketchy characters abound.
Yeah for a good neighborhood park to run through. I normally go to this park in the mornings. The view of the bay with the sun rising over the water and Miami Beach is spectacular. There are regulars who run, walk, or fish most mornings. A few people sit on the benches and take in the view. Sometimes there are a few "iffy" people roaming about, but for the most part everyone is just out for morning exercise and contemplation. I only wish that there were actual running trails in the park in addition to the paved pathways. It would be nice to have a break from the pavement.
It's located in the gated community of  Morningside, and makes for a perfect quiet afternoon with the kids. With shaded benches and picnic tables lining the gated and covered playground, it has all of the accommodations for you to be comfortable and stay awhile.
I have been coming to this park for years! I love this park, there are tons of activities available for the public! They are opening the Kayaking Center this weekend cant wait! The park is beautiful right by the bay so peaceful. The staff is very helpful and accommodating. Along the lines they are going to offer paddle boarding! Recommend this park to anyone looking to spend a wonderful day outdoors!
Nice park.  Nice view but not clean. People need to learn to curve their dogs so watch your step!
So this is another one of those public courts in a gated community. I find this very weird. They have about 7 hard courts in good condition. After 5 PM on a weekday it get busy and you only get one hour to play. If somebody is in line you will get kicked out. The price is very inexpensive. They don't have a pro-shop so all you can really buy is water and gatorade. They do have a pro which seems to be very well respected. I have not used the other amenitioes of the park but they are very active with basketball.
Good Park in a good (gated) neighborhood. They have only 1 full basketball court, wished they had more.  Near the bay as well.
