Wow! What a great Labor Day weekend! We went with Mike for the sunset Paddleboard with wine and fruit. He is such and interesting person and not to mention a patient instructor. He is extremely knowledgeable and told us some tricks to help us Stand up. He boxed us under the bridge because we wanted to take a wine and sun break. We also paddled up the channel to look at usher's house. What an awesome experience! Must do if you are in Miami!
I'm a newbie to paddleboarding, and speaking from a newbie's lens, my boyfriend and I both feel that Mike Hirooka is the absolute best instructor we could've hoped for.  The introduction was very simple and easy to understand.  I was standing up on my paddleboard after only a two attempts.     We approached Mike with the AmazonLocal deal I had purchased, and he never treated us any differently than a client without a voucher/deal.  At no point did he ever make us feel rushed.  Instead, he consistently advertised for us to just make sure we are having fun because that was what was important to him.   The communications with Mike was very informal - we would simply text and call as though we were old friends.   If you are visiting the Miami area, make a session with Mike the very first thing you do.  He is also chock full of information about where to eat, stay, play, etc.   Only great things to be said about Hirooka Surf.  Can't wait to return!
At this point I have taken a few paddle boarding lessons with Mike now.  After going out paddle boarding again today to show my sister while she is in town I decided I needed to see if he was being reviewed on here because he is so great!!  He is super patient and kind.  He has a super easy going laid back attitude which makes things really fun and relaxing.  Overall really cool, chill guy.   He is super flexible and is always open to taking you new places and showing you around.  Even though I live in Miami there are always new hidden treasures to find he is great for showing them to you.  Absolutely call him you won't regret it.
Kiteboarding had been an item on my bucket list for quite some time when I had decided to plan my trip to Miami this past December. So, I figured while there I may as well check it off my list. It was everything I thought it would be (except a little bit more difficult than I anticipated) and Mike was the perfect person to introduce me to it. I found Mike through a LivingSocial or Groupon Deal (can't remember which), and signed up for lessons with a friend. We did three days of two person lessons and by the third day, my friend and I were both body dragging comfortably and confidently in the water, and I managed to get up on the board (I only made it about 5 feet before I fell though). On the fourth day (only I took a lesson that day) I was able to get up on the board by myself. Not cruising, but I was up and went more than 5 feet! Success! Mike was a fantastic instructor and I would recommend him to anyone trying kiteboarding for the first time. He accommodated my friend and my different learning styles so that we each got the most out of our time with him and he was very patient and calm (which was helpful because my friend and I are both uptight New Yorkers). He's incredibly experienced and I had no doubt in my mind that he knew what he was doing and was qualified to instruct beginners. He focused on kite safety our first day and a half and continued to reinforce that and etiquette the entire time. It was reassuring that he also knew almost all of the kiters in the area and was confident on the beach when we ran into some inconsiderate and a little dangerous/reckless kiters. He kept us safe when they got too close to us. He knows what he's doing, he's professional and confident, and I trusted him with my safety the entire time. Not to mention, he knew I was determined to get up on the board before I left Miami, and he made it happen! Thanks Mike, you're awesome, and I'll be seeing you soon the next time I come to Miami!
About five years ago I was taken far away from shore by the ocean current while relaxing on a water raft in Hawaii. Once I realized I should try to get closer in, I tried to start swimming in but wasn't moving anywhere thanks to the strong ocean. Just when I was ready to give up and settled on becoming a shark's dinner, I was rescued by a man on a paddle board. I had never seen one before and was intrigued by the concept. (Not to mention very thankful he rescued me!) Since then it's been on my to-do list. After watching a bunch of deals on rentals and lessons go by, I promised myself I would get the next one that crossed my inbox. So I took advantage of an offer from Gilt City to try get a private lesson from Hirooka and tried it out. They don't have an office yet so I met Mike Hirooka right on the beach behind the Gansevoort hotel. It was easy to spot him and the equipment as there was a group of four before me that he had been helping out. Their smiles were reassuring so I strapped on a board and headed to the water to see what I could do! The water was pretty choppy (not ideal learning conditions) but Mike was very helpful and gave me the right pointers. It's a fun way to get in a workout where you don't feel like working out (until afterwards when you're exhausted) and you get the added on bonus of a tan! Although my lesson was only scheduled for an hour he was more than happy to let me go for as long as I wanted since there wasn't anyone scheduled right after me! They have a paddle board bootcamp I'd be interested in trying out. He also specializes in kitesurfing and you can take a lesson or just rent out some gear for the day. I so happy to say I tried paddle boarding/ It's definitely something that takes practice to get really good at so I'm already looking for another time to go back.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!  We had an extra few hours in sunny Miami before our flight back to wintry weather.  Mike was totally flexible and wiling to accommodate our last minute request for paddle boards.  The boards were the real deal and Mike was fantastic!  Call him, you won't be disappointed!
Had THE most amazing time on Saturday. Paddle Boarding has always intrigued me and when I saw an online deal I jumped on it. I decided to surprise a guy I have been seeing for about a month...SO glad I did (he loved it btw and had never done it before either) Mike was a super cool dude..very patient and all around good guy..It was more like we were with a group of friends than a lesson. I chose the 2 hour sunset tour with fruits and champagne. We paddled out to Monument Island.and chilled for some time with our fruits and popped bottles with the house from Jay-Z's "Big Pimpin'" video in the background (bonus for me! LoL)..and never in a million years did I think I'd be going under the Venetian :) Anyway i highly recommend him to anyone whose ever considered it. We will be back for sure!!! Thank You for helping me score major points too hee hee
Mike is an amazing kite instructor! I have been kiting just a year but have been really scared to ride the beach where the conditions are more advanced than what I have experienced out in the flats. I took a lesson with Mike and he gave me the confidence and instruction I needed to succeed. He even got me on the surf board in the waves!!! I had one of the best days ever and can't wait for the next beach sesh. Highly recommend :)
Paddleboarding always looked like so much fun so I thought I would give it a try. Whoa - it is not as easy as it looks but don't let that deter you. Mike is an amazing instructor!! He is so patient and kind. If you are interested in boarding, surfing, or kitesurfing, you should definitely reach out to Mike. He is the best!
I met Mike when i took a board paddling lesson with him a couple of months ago. He is a very good instructor that adapts to anyone's skill level. It was my first time board paddling and he was very helpful in helping me get the hang of it. I've since board paddled with him again, and have been very satisfied with him as an instructor. He has yoga work outs, stretches and other exercises that are done on the paddle board and provide a very relaxing yet challenging work out. Cannot say enough about how professional and courteous Mike is. He also teaches surfing, kiteboarding and wakeboarding. I'm learning how to wakeboard with Mike and hope to be doing with a kite soon :) P.S. He has top notch equipment, and is an authorized dealer for those brands. Check out his website.
BEST instructor! I did a group lesson with 6 girlfriends for a bachelorette party and we all had an amazing time. Fun to do with friends, If you are visiting Miami its a MUST try!
