Truly the best workout in the world. Yes the price is high but the workout is better than anything I've ever tried, including personal training. Pop in three- four times a week and you're in for a sick transformation! Great location near green monkey yoga and flywheel. The bathrooms/ showers are lovely with Malin and goetz products. The staff couldn't be sweeter and the trainers will kick your butt, but you'll love them for it. Try Michelle, Ivan, Ethan, or Kate!
Amazing workout. Great amenities, service, instructors, and a tasty smoothie bar!!! Barry's is a great addition to the Miami workout scene, attracting all kinds of people ranging from the ultra health conscious to those looking to step up their workout. The classes are challenging and rewarding. The only downsides are the price (stiff at 30$ a class) and the jam packed crowd, but hey, you get what you pay for, and this is definitely high quality.
Nice new addition to the workout studio scene in Miami. Pros:   -Classes are tough but good -Clean -Good schedule and variety. Cons: -Price.  $30 per class. Ouch -Profanity.  The two Instructors I've gone to use a lot of it.  Completely unnecessary and cheapens the brand. The studio overall is pretty good.  I see myself coming here again....maybe...
Crazy hard workout! Time after time.  Very consistent and yet insanely challenging.  Only down side is VERY expensive 30 dollars a class. However it does feel like personal training.  I just wish they had more deals for people who can't pay hundreds of dollars a month to work out.  So I just go twice a week and mix it into other exercise routines!   My favorite instructor is absolutely Derek, despite the large sizes of the classes he teaches they all still feel super personal.  He doesn't call you out, which is something I appreciate.  Overall I highly suggest trying a class!
What a great workout!! Staff is super friendly and instructors are fabulous. The bathrooms are clean and well stocked with malin + goetz products which i love. Complimentary lockers and towel service are a really convenient addition. Be sure to stop by the fuel bar after your workout or anytime!! They even have Vegan proten options. Classes may seem expensive at $30 each but it's well worth it. Get up and GO!
disclaimer: I spent many years as a trainer and group fitness instructor so am a bit picky. That said, any business no matter if it is the super trendy South Beach Barry's Boot camp comes down to customer service. My wife and I love working out so we rode 15 miles from our house to  Barry's for a 7:10 am class. Now we all know how important first impressions are but no one got the memo at Barry's. We were let in by a man named David who greeted us with some serious attitude and the guy couldn't even crack a smile.  Both my wife and I felt that he couldn't be bothered by us. It was our first time going and after he checked us in he said, "do you mind finding your way around I have some things to do." Well his other things were catching up and chatting with the other trainers. Our instructors name was Rachel and she was very nice, friendly and greeted us in a pretty cheery way. She was very motivating and the class itself was pretty good. One big thing was that it was billed as an arms and abs class which it was and Rachel did great but we didn't do any shoulder exercises. How can you have an arms class and not do shouldars? We did plenty of abs, bi's and tri's. Thanks Rachel for closing the class with cool stretches and a smile as we walked out of the door. I don't know if we'll go back as we've found other boot camps for less than half that are much better. Companies- that front desk person is so vital.
best workout in Miami Beach.  Great instructors and a clean, modern facility.  The juice/smoothie bar is awesome, too!
Its my first time doing bootcamp and i had a really good experience. I have taken already several classes with different trainers and they all take care of you as if it was a personalized training. You can tell that Barry's Bootcamp did a great job searching for a professional staff! Also the atmosphere is really great. As soon as you get inside, you feel welcomed. I highly recommend this kind of training because it fits all kinds of needs, if you need to gain muscle and burn fat its a great training, if you want to loose weight, its also an amazing way to do it. Everybody should come and try it.
Talk about no pain no gain! Barry's bootcamp will work you until you crawl out of class. Absolutely love this spot and highly recommend if you want a good workout. The class is set up to have half the students on the treadmill and the other half to start on the floor. Each class specifies in a certain area so check the name of the class before you book so you know what areas are going to be focused on. The room is dim and they have club lights that make you feel sexy while working out - like you are up in the club! The instructor will call out different instructions to both groups at the same time so you really have to surrender and practice your active listening else your going to feel lost. These classes are like having your own personal trainer and I feel the price is worth taking classes here. They also have a juice bar where you can get a smoothie pre made for you so it's ready when you get out of class- no waiting! And of course they sell my favorite paleo friendly bar- ginnybar! The staff is friendly and the owners make sure you are having fun while getting  a good workout. Book your class in advance so you are mentally ready to sweat last nights drinks off.....
