what a great place!! I had an amazing experience.  once I walked in the correct door (the door is by the driveway) I already felt like I wasn't in Miami.  just a bunch of young surfer "dudes" outside super nice and willing to help.  Bonnie was my point person.  she is awesome! super helpful and nice. Vincent carried my SUP to the marina and besides being very nice eye candy he was very helpful.  and for once in Miami, he was actually really nice, he always called me by my name (major kudos) and I felt like we have been friends for years.   they rent out real paddle boards...not the inflatable ones.  I will be going on an inflatable one next week from a groupon I got.  not looking forward to it.  but like bonnie said "you get what you paid for."  I am going to do it, but for all future SUP rides I will be calling Bonnie and paying a little extra for a good board and great service.
Love this place! First time kayaking in Miami and I definitely picked the right place. Bonnie and all the guys there were really chill and made you feel comfortable and welcomed. It's been a few months since I last kayaked so one of the guys there gave me a quick crash course and off I went. Location was awesome. Convenient parking all around, so if you're complaining about not being able to find a parking space, you're not just not looking! I hear Sunday nights they have a moonlight paddle board/kayak kind of tour. Definitely worth a try. Weekends like today are busy but no shortage of kayaks. I hear weekdays are much calmer. Views were pretty and nice. Although there were a lot of people you don't run into anyone and there's no shortage of space to roam. Make note to wear a bikini or swimwear, you can get pretty soaked especially if you're an epic kayaker like myself... Five stars for South Beach Kayak! I will return at least once more before I head home and definitely come back my next trip to Miami :)
If you want to paddleboard or kayak, go here. The brother and sister duo are a pleasure to deal with. They love what they do, and it shows. They will outline a route for you to take based on your expected time out on the water as well as weather conditions. They provide a quick primer on how to kayak or paddleboard with very useful tips. They are also fairly flexible if you run over on time etc... The only downside is that you'll have to lug your board across the street and into the water. A bit awkward to do, but manageable. It does add to the experience though :) One of the shops guys can help you out if needed. We plan on being regulars here, unless we buy our own board. We may do their moonlight island trip! ps. Steer clear from the other paddleboard shops you see posted all over groupon etc... Those shops keep opening up and shutting down while creating new yelp profiles. There have been countless complaints about those ones.
Enjoyed a great group outing Sept. 7th 2014, we kayaked to a beautiful island in Biscayne Bay, watched the sun set over downtown Miami and then enjoyed barbecued hotdogs and s'mores, good music by super-friendly guides made us all safe and helped us enjoy the amazing Miami beach skyline as the full moon came up! Highly recommendable outing!!
Great service! Staff was so nice and the paddle boards were great quality. Perfect place to paddle board. Lots of wildlife!
Amazing service! I left my ID here but the owner remembered I had a flight to catch the next morning so he personally and promptly delivered it to my hotel. They were also incredibly helpful. For us first timers, they mapped out a couple of kayaking routes. While we didn't have enough time to kayak to monument island (minimum of two hours), we ended up doing the one hour route through the canals and behind the million dollar homes. It was still beautiful and scenic! The rentals here are also very affordable. My only complaint was that the shop is across the street and parking lot from the dock. That means for us 5 girls, we had to pull our own tandem and single kayaks to/from the waters due to limited staff. But no worries, that's what these guns are for (*flexes and points to arm).
Came here to go kayaking to celebrate 5 amazing years with my boyfriend and it was super pleasant I loved every second and the experience overall is great: the guys are awesome too and really prep you to get out there on your own. Coming back like every weekend !
Worth more than 5 stars.  Took a tandem kayak out to monument island.  The service, pricing, kayak, paddles, experience, etc was all perfect.  Really enjoyed my experience with South Beach Kayak.  Highly recommend is you're looking to enjoy a couple hours seeing the best views of Miami, all while getting an easy workout in. NOTE: the kayaking place is a little hidden..when you arrive at the address, you will see a small building closer to the street..this is a music place, just to the left and a little further back is the actualy kayaking spot.  They also have stand up paddle boards.
Bonnie was awesome! She helped me out tremendously!  I was only in Miami for a few hours, and she was so helpful in getting me out on the water.   The boards are average, paddles are a little heavy.  The route is gorgeous!  I saw several manatee and yellow fin tuna.  This was a a great experience.   I highly recommend going to this place if you want to paddle board in Miami!
It was our first time kayaking and it was fun. The price is reasonable and we decided to do the tandem kayak for 1 hour. Service was very friendly and gave a brief lesson and let us go. The view of the city was great and looking at the big houses is a plus. Did not get to see any wildlife but had a scare with a big leaf that looked like an alligator. Bring flip flops or wet shoes.
What a wonderful experience! I don't normally write reviews but I think the service warrants an excellent rating. Extremely nice service and knowledge of the area. The prices are very affordable and rental process seamless. The store even stayed open for is as we were running late following a storm. A great example of an excellently run small business.
Good price and good service for Paddleboarding. Don't be put off by the garage headquarters,  a quick walk across the road and your into South Beach inland waters and canals and free to paddle around to your hearts content. Bit of training and help from the staff and a secure box to leave your valubles. All good!
Highly recommend this place to everyone...local, tourist, young, old, fit, beach bum ...come one and come all! Friendly staff and great location!  Grab a kayak or a paddleboard and cruise the intercoastal ... view the fancy schmancy mansions, enjoy the water, soak in the sun and dont forget to stop off at the little uninhabited island before you head back over.  Its a great place to rest and relax if its not already filled with people. Piece of advice...go in the morning before it gets too busy out in the water with boats and jet skis.
we were 6 girls who wanted to end our trip to maimi and key west with a fun activity closer to our hotel. And we all ended up having a great time. Micheal the guy who was running the place was extremely sweet and nice. 5 of us did the 1 hour paddle board but sadly we took more than an hour because it was our first time. he didnt charge us extra, infact he didnt even mention it. I highly recommend this place to everyone. Nice place!!!
I absolutely recommend this place to everyone! There's a new manager there who took over 7 months, and he provides such great customer service! This place is a little tricky to find because its in the back corner outside next to this music shop, which might seem sketchy lol but its legit, and sometimes there's a car parked in front, which blocks the entrance too, but you can just walk past it. If its your first time kayaking, they can give you a mini kayaking lesson, which is really helpful. The prices for single and double kayaking are a tad bit expensive for my taste, but for the area you're kayaking in and the service, totally worth it! They have two different areas where you can kayak, which the guy explains on a map in there office before you head out. You leave and come back in the same location, in this marina dock loading area (I don't know the technical name for it lol) so you can either kayak to the right through these canals in calmer water or go out to the left and go underneath the Venetian Causeway, if you go that way there's this awesome island called monument island! It's like hidden beach, absolutely beautiful! Without a doubt my best experience so far kayaking, love this company!
Miami has a bad reputation, and most of it is well-deserved.  Fake people with fake parts, attitude galore, douchebaggery, high prices, terrible drivers, scams, bad politicians, horrible service, users and abusers... the list goes on and on.  Sometimes, it is easy to get caught up in it and forget that beyond all that crap, this place is still... paradise.  This is the destination for millions of people from all over the world, beckoning with its sun, sand, beautiful beaches, waters, wildlife, architecture, nightlife and outdoor possibilities. That's why South Beach Kayaks rocks. SBK has been here for a very long time, but recently, Micheal (the owner) took over personally and the place has come to reflect the passion and care that he has in what he does.  The equipment is new, the staff friendlier than ever, the prices affordable, the location perfect, and the experience, unique.  Prices start at $15, and if you don't know what you're doing, they will take the time to patiently teach you the how and what of it so your experience is always good.  They also have Full Moon Kayak runs, that take you to Monument Island where you get to hang out with others, 'cook out' and make friends.  You can go alone, in groups and even in tandem kayaks and not have to worry about a thing.  Pro-tip:  Bring water and hydration; it tends to get pretty hot out there. When I go to SBK and get one of their cool, new ocean kayaks, or paddle-boards and ease into the waters of the Biscayne Bay, I am baptized of the all that frustrates me about Miami and overcome with a smile that comes from giving myself over to the natural beauty of Miami. Sliding that kayak into the water, taking that paddle and exploring the beautiful islands of the Venetian or Star, Palm and Hibiscus Island, effortlessly cutting the water (and daftly avoiding boaters and jet-skiers), sun shining on my face and shoulders, chancing an encounter with dolphins, rays and birds, I forget Miami's bad reputation and remember why I live here.  I remember that I have the pleasure of living where most people come to vacation.  In a kayak, I remember that Miami can be paradise.   Behind the wheel of a car, is another matter altogether!
First time stand up paddle boarding and it was as fun as I anticipated. Excellent instruction, answered all questions, and you cannot beat the price!
Looking for a good paddleboarding spot in Miami? You will find what you're searching for and more in South Beach Kayak. This laid back, adorable little company allows for an effortless day of fun on the water.  The people who work there are friendly and knowledgable about the wind situation, telling you in advance what the hardest and easiest parts of your ride will be so you know what to expect. If you're a first timer, they teach you all the ins and outs of paddleboarding and I'm sure they do the same for kayaking, if you're in to that sort of thing. Once you're on the water the route is extremely scenic, lined with beautiful houses that allow a glimpse of how the other half lives.  So recap- south beach kayak= guaranteed good time.
What a great company and experience. I was introduced to South Beach Kayak through a meetup group I'm in. We met a few weeks ago to do the Full Moon Kayaking trip to Monument Island. We left about 4:30, kayaked about 30 minutes, pulled into the island, drank,BBQ'd and had a great few hours with some really nice people. The full moon tour only happens during the full moon (obviously), however, don't let that stop you from trying this out sooner. You're trained briefly before heading into the water. For first timers, don't be worried, you'll be ok.  And if you do the tour you're not traveling alone and they'll assist you. The people truly love what they do and it shows. I felt very comfortable around them. Others who were first timers were put at ease because the staff was so easy to get along with. I don't have a bad thing to say about my experience there. I'd go every day if I could afford it and if I didn't have to work. Definitely look into the full moon tour, or just go on a week day or weekend when you have a few hours to kill and want to be outside on the water. You won't regret it.
My daughter and I rented a tandem kayak here and had a great time!  Prices great, staff friendly, Michael is hot and it's worth going just to see him!  The only bad thing is parking, the meters only give you 12 minutes for a quarter and they only take cash.  The kayaking around the canals and the million dollar houses with the multimillion dollar yachts was a blast.  Saw dolphins twice.  Tried to go back again this Sunday but they were closed because of high northeast winds.  Want to try the monument island trip and the full moon tour.  Definately going back!
I highly suggest this company.  Our time changed due to our friends running late.  They accommodated us even though they were sold out for the day.  There were some first timers and the guys made sure we all knew what we were doing before they sent us out.  We were doing a photo shoot and they gave us a beautiful route with amazing back drops for our shoot.  We were late getting back, but they were very understanding and didn't charge us for our extra time.  They even gave us a group discount that we didn't even ask for and knew nothing about.  I've rented paddleboards from numerous companies throughout the world and I have to say these dudes were the nicest and funny too ;)  I have a jacked up arm and when the guys saw my friends trying to help me carry my board they came over and carried all our equipment for us- complete gentleman.  I can't wait to go back when we go back to south beach in May.   The Bay is a great place for beginners, it was very calm once we got out of the marina.  The beginners stayed on their knees until we got to the canal, but once they were up they stayed up- even through the boat wakes that made some nice swells to practice with :). YAY!
I bought a Groupon for this place, and they treated me (a cheapo Groupon user) with the same respect and courtesy that any respectful business would treat a valued customer.  This was even more appreciated, because I was an annoying customer-- I asked to change the date twice and was late for my reservation.  They took everything in stride and were so understanding.  I wish all businesses were like them!  This is customer service at its best. The experience was fantastic from start to finish.  The kayaks were new and had a wheel on the back, which made rolling it across the street to the dock much easier than carrying it.  The route around the bay was very scenic and the day was all around A+.  I highly recommend trying SB Kayak!
I love South Beach Kayak.  They are all friendly and helpful.  Bonnie told me where to go tand I saw a manatee!  The gear is in good shape and they are helpful in any way they can be, like taking your kayak to the water or suggesting fun paddle paths. So, I keep going back!
I purchased a groupon for 2 hour kayak rental. We scheduled online but the day we scheduled for was too windy. It was super easy to reschedule and once we got to the place everything was smooth. They gave is a map, brought out our kayak and off we went. Very nice people, would use them again.
As an adventurous Miami resident, I have been kayaking in several places. I have never experienced the level of customer service that I received here anywhere else. Both the manager and Bonnie, who works at the register, were genuinely welcoming and friendly. I went on a 2 hour stroll around the islands and I had a great time. Love the fact that they have a Miami Beach locals discount. Also as I realized that I was going to need water fro my 2 hour kayak trip, I asked if there was anywhere I could buy one, Bonnie simply handed me a cold one from their fridge and told me it's on the house, accompanied by a nice juicy tangerine. I will definitely recommend that you try them out. I'm making this my go-to Kayaking spot in all of Miami! Thanks, for a great afternoon! Two-thumbs way up!!!
These guys totally rock! I was visiting my cousin in FL, and he suggested we go kayaking around Monument Island. We decided to rent a kayak from these guys, and they were super helpful and extremely reasonable when we ran over a bit. Plus, they're generally cheerful dudes who just want you to have a great time (of course there may also be women who work there, so let's say I'm using "guy" and "dude" in the androgynous sense). The kayaking route they recommend is amazingly scenic, and pretty relaxing to finish up in under 2 hours. However, I'd recommend going out even longer and exploring Monument Island a bit, then taking the long way around Star Island and enjoying the scenery which includes some crazy nice mansions/estates (complete with iguanas on the grounds), techno-blasting party boats, and the possibility of sighting an elusive manatee. Good luck! And stop staring at the water - get out on it!
Michael & Bonnie were great! From the day prior to coming in for a kayak trip, Michael was so accommodating in setting up a reservation & even keep me updated with weather updates the day of, so as to save me a drive in case the weather conditions were no longer suitable. Needless to say the day and weather turned out perfect & we had a blast. Such a great hole in the wall successful business that made me feel comfortable and welcome. Such affordable prices as well! I will definitely be back soon for future kayak trips!
I had an adventurous out-of-towner visiting for a few days and paddle-boarding moved to the top of the list for our glorious day off. South Beach Kayak proved to be a great little bungalow with a smattering of kayaks and paddleboards for rent. After little debate, we settled upon the paddle boards. The two guys were really lovely and accommodating and once my friend and I intensely lugged our boards across the street to the boat ramp, the kind dude pointed us in the direction of Monument Island. We stood up with ease (this is very beginner's friendly) and paddled our way through relatively calm waters. Monument Island sits in the middle of the bay with ritzier digs floating nearby (Palm Island, Star Island, and the other luxury isles are only a stone's throw away). To get to Monument Island though, you'll have to be on some kind of water vessel. Along the sandy beach on the north and west side of the isla, my boof and I splashed with a few water sports enthusiasts. Had we brought some cold ones, this spot would have been idyllic to sip on an afternoon brew. On our way back, we switched between standing up and laying down and relished in the memorable blue skies and soaked-up afternoon.
Stand up if you like water sports! Rented some paddle-boards from here on a Saturday afternoon. We actually arranged the trip through Girard at sobesurf.com and a confirmation email was sent to the wrong address so there was a little confusion the day we went and had to wait for the person to show up at the shop. But after that everything worked out quite nicely. A 2-hour rental was like $40 per paddle-board. We launched from the boat ramp next to the Marina and paddled over through the Sunset Islands. It was a beautiful day and it was easy to paddle since the water was so calm. I didn't fall even once, which is amazing since I have the balance of a three-legged, lopsided giraffe. MAKE SURE YOU SLATHER ON THE SUNSCREEN! Don't make the mistake I did which will make you look and feel like a fresh-boiled lobster the next day.
This was easily the best activity I did on a recent trip down to Miami.  I'm not much of a club scene person, and I typically am not good in large drunk crowds, and prefer more relaxed and laid back activities.  In fact, Miami and I aren't really a good mix, I've learned, but it doesn't change the fact that my experience kayaking through South Beach Kayak was without question the best part of my entire trip down there. $25 got me a two-hour rental of a single kayak, where I could freely paddle as much as my inexperienced paddling arms could take me.  Being the tourist that I am, I didn't know about Monument Island or anything, but I did see it, and I guess was a little intimidated to paddle out there on my own.  Regardless, I still enjoyed paddling around Belle Isle and underneath the bridge repeatedly, and getting the hang of kayaking in the bay.  Easily two of the best hours of my life right there, relaxing in the sun, enjoying the bay breeze, and watching as boats, jet skis, and dock parties full of sexy co-eds exuded life all around me, making me realize that this kind of action actually did happen in real-life Miami, and not just in the background of Dexter and Nip/Tuck. If I ever come back to Miami in the future, kayaking again is easily automatically in my itinerary.  Everyone whom I spoke with over there was friendly, candid, and extremely helpful to the barrage of questions I had for them being such a noob.  South Beach Kayak was totally awesome, and I'd love to kayak with them again in a heartbeat.
Pros - Laid back friendly staff, awesome prices, good equipment, relaxing time for $42 we had a 2 person kayak for 2 hours, no reservation. We were given basic instructions (it is a kayak, not a 500 hp Donzi) and told where to go and what to avoid. We had a great time kayaking around the Venetian Islands and enjoying the gorgeous day. Cons - Lack of any storage for even the smaller of items (I left most items in car, but my shorts and car keys needed to go somewhere - the idea was to leave it on a ledge at the police station...) Not the establishments fault - it is not their job to store your stuff - but having a few lockers available for the public would be nice at that park area as there were so many people. Parking - Parking is a nightmare if you are not there at 8am. we had to park blocks away and use a street meter - we only had enough change for 2.5 hours (trip alone was 2 hours) this is not the businesses fault - SoBe has not gotten around to putting proper new parking meters in this area. Overall - cannot wait to return as well as make sure all my visitors know that this is the place to go for Kayaking in Biscayne Bay off of SoBe!
Had a blast today. Rented a 2 person Kayak, which I'm glad we did vs separate , so I didn't have to do all the work. Truly enjoyed paddling around the islands and looking at the million dollar homes. The guys were friendly and helpful. Highly recommend . Thanks.
Bonnie and Kevin were very helpful and really nice. I group of us went out on Saturday to celebrate my friend's birthday. Everything went very smoothly, we were all new to the experience however, with a quick tutorial we were all ready to go. The boards were very nice, equipped with a life vest and a bungle cord that you could tie your sandals to.  The board has a handle in the middle, which makes it easy to grab onto and get yourself back on the board if you fall, which we did, but it was fine and fun. We had a beautiful route and saw a manatee. We all want to do this again and will definitely go back to the South Beach Kayak Company.   Thanks Bonnie and Kevin:)
"Woohoo! As good as it gets!" - is right. I recently spent a weekend in Miami and was lucky enough to come across South Beach Kayak. My friend and I were interested in paddle boarding and since this place had such great reviews, we figured we'd give it a whirl. Neither of us had ever paddle boarded so we figured the extra $10 for the 15 minute instruction session was a good idea, it was required for first-timers anyways. The instruction session was SOOOO great! It taught us everything we needed to know to be able to steer and stay afloat. We had a great time. Next time I'm in Miami, I'll be sure to stop by again!
I'm from out of town and my friend who lives in Miami suggested that we spend the afternoon kayaking.  We rented two one-passenger kayaks for $27/each and embarked on a two hour trip.   I am neither athletic nor am I a good swimmer, but with my wide kayak and life vest I was pretty content as we paddled around the Venetian Islands.  Definitely a cool way to see Miami and the folks on boats and such who we encountered were friendly.  Gorgeous scenery and a solid workout.   The staff are full of useful advice regarding where to go to avoid choppy waters.  Would definitely recommend this!
If there is a local kayak/SUP place in Miami Beach that absolutely needs to be supported is SB Kayak. Family owned and operated. Friendly staff. I have seen children, tourist, adults all get treated the same. Good prices. I was shopping around for a new SUP and needed to try different size boards, Mike who owns and manages the business let me try out 2 boards to see what size fits best for me. I ended up purchasing a board from Mike because you will NOT get a better deal than what he offers. The board took a few days to get here and instead of me picking it up this guy drove it to my apartment at 11 p.m. That's right!!! 11 p.m. Listen I have never received such good customer service from a business in Miami Beach. Highly recommend checking these guys out
Great customer service! Fun paddle boarding route! Really nice owners! Do recommend!
These people couldn't have been nicer on a super busy day.  Hard to believe Michael is a Miami Beach native.  It's true, Miami is known for rude people and poor customer service.  Although, I love this city regardless and have lived here for 20+ years.  SUP is a great way to spend some time out on the water.  Go around the corner to B&B when you are ready for something to eat.  They are also quite friendly and have great service.
Went here yesterday to paddleboard. They charge $30 for an hour which is better than some other places and they carry the boards over to the water which is important because they are so heavy.  I thought the guy who helped us was really nice and had a great attitude, the boards were nice, clean, seemed pretty new and we had a blast being able to paddle around the islands.
Laid back and friendly staff, as several of the other reviews have already mentioned.  Solid, stable, relatively new-looking "sit-on-top" kayaks too. I showed up at South Beach Kayak at 5PM one evening wanting to reserve a kayak two days in advance.  I wanted to kayak but was also a little apprehensive about it, since it had been a few years since I'd last done it.  I walked to the door of the little shop tucked away into a leafy, shaded walkway behind the South Beach Music Exchange, was welcomed inside by Carlos, and we ended up having a great conversation that left me more more at ease about my plan to kayak on my own.  In addition, his palpable enthusiasm for paddle-boarding got me to put learning how to paddle-board on my agenda next time I'm in Miami Beach. So I reserved a kayak for a couple of hours, with plans to start at 10AM a couple of days later.  But when that day came, I wasn't able to get to South Beach Kayak until 1PM due to an auto accident on Collins Ave. in front of my hotel the night before that delayed the valet retrieval of my my rental car (and OK, I'll admit it, I was hung over from clubbing the night before and wasn't really up for 10AM kayaking in any case).  I did let them know I'd be late, and it didn't seem to be a problem at all.  When I got there, Allen was ready with my kayak, towed it to the landing across the street for me, and gave me some quick tips on where to go.  I got my 2 hours of kayaking in, around the Venetian Islands and to the Flagler Monument Island for $27, and it was a great cure for my hangover.  Probably the best $27 I spent in Miami.  I even had to go a half-hour over my time after paddling against some unanticipated swells and headwinds at the tip of one of the islands, but they were cool with it. I will say that as a map aficionado, it would have been nice if they'd had little maps available to pass out, at least of the nearby islands in Biscayne Bay.  However, it isn't horribly difficult to navigate around that particular part of the bay near the Venetian Causeway as long as the winds are calm, and one can always just use Google Maps on one's phone, I suppose (I brought a dry bag to protect stuff like my phone, and I'm glad I did).  And like others have said, since they don't have lockers on site, it would be a good idea to take your valuables with you, leave them in the safe at your hotel, or find another safe place for them.   Overall, though: South Beach Kayak helped to provide me with a really good, unique experience during my trip to Miami--one that I would like to repeat next time I'm in the area.
Super friendly service and a pretty good price, $40 for two hours in a plastic sea kayak.  We went to Flagler Memorial Monument and werent very impressed (with the island, not the kayaking).  We didn't see a single living creature in two hours, besides a pelican and an iguana.  Wish that the environment around where the marina is was more interesting...
I came here to do paddle boarding through SOBE  SURF. I really feel sorry for the guy up in Cocoa Beach (Girard) having this company do his work for him. Several times they have either closed when I have had an appointment without calling, had customers come back late which then made me late or not had the boards I reserved several days in advance. They are however very nice which is great but it still isn't fun to wait outside for them where there are tons of flies and stray cats. They do help you carry everything and they aren't expensive compared to the rest of the places on south beach.
I was here not to long ago to try out paddle boarding, which I am now addicted to. Once everything was up and running I had a great time, as did my friends.  The area right above the venetian causeway is fun because you can paddle around the islands, go under the bridges, and also up and down the shore line.   The problems I had with the place were that they did not open on time.  In fact they were about 45 minutes late.  There is no place to store your shoes, wallets, purses, or other things you have brought.  Come with as little as you need and flip flops you are not going to be heart broken if you lose them from the office.  Classes are not included in the rental, which I understand, but we were just handed the boards and told to head out across the park and to use the boat launch.  Seemed a little vague. What I did like, the equipment is very nice, the staff is exceptionally laid back, we rented for an hour each time and re told to just be back when we thought an hour was up and not to worry about time. I do return often, and I like it.  I do not have a comparison yet, but I have a living social coupon to another place, so I will have an update comparison in the near future.
Staff was very helpful and informative.  Kayak was great (so nice that it has wheels so its easy to roll across the street!)  This was the perfect activity for a couple of hours, and we will definitely rent kayaks (or maybe a paddleboard) when we go back.  Not super inexpensive but worth it.
The guy who runs it is very helpful. Also, stand-up paddleboarding was a ton of fun.
My friends and I had a great time with the standup paddle boards we rented from South Beach Kayak. The owner was extremely helpful and friendly. He patiently answered our questions and gave us tips on how to best catch an up close view of the local manatees. He even dropped off my ID at the restaurant I was at after I had realized I had forgotten to pick it up on the way out. You can't ask for better customer service! Very stoked with my experience. Next time I'm back in Miami Beach, I'll be giving this shop another visit.
Really cool and helpful employees, great equipment, beautiful scenery, and reasonable prices. What more can I ask for?
This was the worst paddle boarding experience I had ever had. First of all the two guys that worked there were rude and unhelpful. When we asked for help taking the heavy boards down to the ramp we were told we had to do it ourselves. The owner listened but just defended and made excuses for her staff that has no clue what customer service is. I will never go back or recommend this place to anyone.
