I found this class when I first moved to Miami and even as my yoga practice has progressed I've continued to attend. The teachers offer a great variety of poses and have a true passion for sharing yoga. The atmosphere is very open and inclusive which is amazing when you get 200 people together! It can at times be loud with things going on around the park, but usually it's a pretty great setting for outdoor yoga.
One word FREE!!! Great views, great location Great way to work some nice activity in your routine Great way to meet new people I think everyone should take advantage of this, I most certainly do. I reeallyy love that there is free yoga at bayfront park  it's so much fun to me. so stretch it out people!!
Yes, that's right FREE yoga at Bayfront Park near the Intercontinental Hotel. FREE! FREE! FREE! I went on Saturday morning from 9-10:15. It's a large class under a small pavilion, so make sure to get there early to save yourself a spot. I got a little lost looking for it and ended up getting there too late to have a spot under the pavilion, so I had to do yoga next to the pavilion, which isn't shaded. Needless to say, I did some sweaty yoga. This class is for all levels and all levels are present. The instructor is a little hard to hear when planes and helicopters are flying over, but hey, it's FREE! So what if you can'thear her, you can just check out what the person next to you is doing. Just bring a mat, some water and an open mind and get ready to do some yoga. Ommmmmmm.
I did Yoga in the Park for the first time this morning as I live across the street and enjoyed it. Yea, I am a big guy the size of a football player but I nestled myself in between the soccer moms and yoga masters. The instructor was great and I felt comfortable going at my own pace. You cannot beat the setting and yep, its free. I was waiting to be asked for a $5 donation but none whatsoever. Simply sign your name and get to breathing. I was out there sweating like a whore in church but I felt great! Kudos to Yoga in the park! If you see me come slap me on the arse.
Love. It.  As everyone has mentioned, it's FREE.  We all know how expensive yoga is in a studio.  Some of us aren't rich yet, so the free part is a big plus.  I also really like the instructor on Wednesday.  He is hilarious.
This is an absolutely delightful idea. Free yoga by the bay? what could be more relaxing. It is great to see many come out to support community activities such as Free Yoga at Bayfront Park. The instructors-both of them- are really great. I would recommend anyone wishing to attend to arrive early for a good spot, otherwise, it might be hard to hear the instructors. I do not live in the city, but the drive is definitely worth it.
Free Yoga, overlooking the water?  Couldn't ask for more... oh yea, and free frosty smartwater's passed out every other Wednesday? I could def work on being more bendy at this class.
Decided to check this out with a friend after work one day, grabbed my yoga mat and headed to the park.  Set up right where the stage is, we snagged a spot several rows back.  For free yoga it was definitely a great deal, the instructor was friendly and did a great job, plus the view was spectacular.  Also, since it was later in the evening (starts at 6pm on Mondays and Wednesdays, or Saturday mornings at 9am), it wasn't too hot and we got a really nice breeze off the water.   Another great aspect of the class is that the instructor offered different variants of the positions for different skill levels, so more advanced student didn't have to do the same moves as beginners.    The biggest negative I can see were not about the class itself, but more about the atmosphere.  Since it was in a park there was a lot of street traffic (with honking horns, etc.), and also dogs barking, people playing catch nearby shouting and other noise that made it hard to concentrate.  That being said, it's something different to try and a really great deal, I'm hoping to stay to try the self-defense class (also free) soon!
I really like the instructor. It is pretty relaxing. Although it can be distracting, it is certainly pleasant to do your practice outdoors.
I have wanted to try this for weeks yet I kept putting this off, oh but the parking, it looks cloudy, I am a beginner, I have no one to go with, what if I totally suck, what if its closed... Well today i was all adventurous and gave it a try. Parking was not an issue (if its a heat game or some other event your SOL but that will be a rarity) It was a meter i paid 3 dollars. The yoga is at the south end by the Intercontinental. They have signs advertising it! The restrooms are close by but not to close its smelly. it so painless i was astounded you just sign it and that's it no registration nada. EASY I brought my own mart most people did, one girl forgot hers and magically one was found for her, i do not know if someone bought and extra mat or what but people are helpful. That was super nice. Come early because it get crowded. I did not go early so i did not get a spot under the awning. When the rain sprinkled i got a bit wet but i was so thankful to be cooled off bc it was a great work out i was sweaty all over the Miami sun shower was refreshing, I will be earlier next time. Now this is out side you get the breeze, you get the sun and you get the bugs but it was so pleasant that was all part of yoga outside it was great! Now i am an out of shape beginner and i did what i was able to and watched when i got lost. This class had all levels. No joke some people were balancing on there heads like Yoda. I was impressed. The instructor was great! He was loud enough that all 100 of us could hear him and   he was able to direct people in a way that we could all follow him. Now he didn't get to each one of use to correct our form but 100 people 1 instructor be reasonable people. He fixed what he could while moving the class along! Yes I was outrageously awful but I had a blast and got a great work out 30 min later my heart was still going. I am now a believer that yoga is a work out! This summer i want to get much better at yoga and i think i can do it here!
Awesome, but always packed. Make sure you get there on time. Both for a parking spot and for a mat spot. But the instructors are amazing, so it's totally worth it.
I enjoy a wonderful yoga class and great people!! The teacher was well knowledgeable. Very open is atmosphere and it is free!!
This is such a good class!!! It's sometimes a hassle to do the whole parking thing. However, if you are looking for a well rounded class that's focused on fitness and not really weird or airy fairy, this is it! Plus, it's free!!!! A great way to start your day in my opinion.
I LOVE THIS!!! What is better than FREE yoga??? FREE yoga OUTSIDE in a beautiful park in Miami! You get a nice breeze off the bay, you can stay under the pavilion if you arrive a bit early to shield yourself from the sun, the class is at a nice pace, there is a HUGE range of people that participate. It's a very non-threatening environment. You have people that have never done yoga before & you will see some experienced Yogi's that you can aspire to or use to help you figure out what pose you are supposed to be in. This is a great way to get back in touch with yourself, nature, and get fit! I will definitely be adding this to my regular workout routine. Thank you whoever organizes this!!
I really wanted to love the free yoga but no such go Not bad but not amazing. First the environmental factors: - the wind was blowing and that meant some of us had to adjust our mats the entire time - airplanes flying over - leaf blowers Next the actual class: - the instructor seemed unhappy to be teaching and that was a bit of a problem - not the best fit for beginners I'll be back on Saturday(s)
In the words of the famous first reviewer... it's FREE! FREE! FREE! ;-) And that includes parking too, between Bayside and the pavilion at Bayfront Park... free parking in downtown? Come on guys, you should be sold! I went on a Saturday morning and it started at 9. Now, I'll admit - I take the environmental-friendly route - embracing the Miami Metromover which just drops me off right there too. And when the yoga is over, it's nice to walk around the park and Bayside - the fountain was working (surprisingly) and Bayside was nice (quieter but still busy as it was filled with the morning crowd - which I liked better than the evening crowd). The instructor was good, but your first time doing yoga may not be easy. Second time will be easier as you get used to the routine. And in case, I recommend you to bring gloves so your hands can have more cushion as you balance your weight with them. And bring a yoga mat - the free ones (not to keep) made available for each session run out fast. Lastly, come a bit early so you can get a spot under the shade. Great location near the water - you could definitely feel the breeze.
As a fan of yoga I know how expensive it is to belong to a studio. So this free yoga is a great alternative. Two classes a week for free! While you are bending, stretching and working on getting your dog to go more downward...you can see the beautiful inner downtown of Miami, or the blue water of Biscayne bay. With a nice breeze the weather is perfect, and when it cools down in the fall it will be amazing. Although it is a little crowded, you can easily get a spot in the pavilion if you show up a few minutes early. Signing a simple waiver is all you have to do to join the class. If you are new to yoga this class would be great, with easier poses and a moderate pace keeping up is a sinch. However this is a great class for veterans as well. Practicing your Half Moon while enjoying one of the best parks in Miami is reason enough to go.
Yeah, I can't believe it either I actually look forward to doing this Starts at 6pm, Monday and Wednesday- 9am on Saturday and is done rain or shine or Redbull Flugtag Seriously, how can you not be a huge fan of this?!? I prefer the outdoor setting to a studio FREE
I AM IN LOVE!!! FREE yoga in the park is what i look forward to on Mondays & Wednesdays. not only is it yoga outside in beautiful downtown miami but did i mention that it's FREE! if you've ever been to a studio, you know that its usually expensive for a session. Yoga at Bayfront is just as good as going to a studio. The class ranges from beginner to expert and the instructor is also really good & really stretches you. She sometimes has her band come & play during savanasa. it's REALLY relaxing!! i love doing back-bends and staring at the skyline. not to mention the wonderful breeze. if your a hippie at heart, i think you'd really enjoy this :D (did i mention it was FREE??)
I can't believe I can find such a calming oasis right off of bustling Biscayne. Monday and Wednesday nights I jump over any and all hurdles that I can to make it to the Bayfront Park. You definitely have to make sure you get there on the early side if you want to get a spot and take full advantage of the session. You'll find all types here but everyone is there on a similar mission which is to stretch and relax. I love using it as a chance to take in some fresh air and can't believe how great I feel afterwards. The class is basic Vinyasa and the instructor offers modifications to adapt to your skill level. She even comes around and corrects certain poses to ensure you are getting the best workout. Afterwards they offer self defense classes. I've never been but would be curious to try it out. Until then, I will stick to my downward dog and pigeon poses to help me get through the work week!
Word to the faint of heart - this outdoor (free on Monday and Wednesday) yoga is NOT EASY! But did I mention it was free?  Held by two different instructors the classes start of with the basics each and every time but then gradually become more difficult until the final savasana (corpse' pose - or point of relaxation) at the end.  Classes run from 6 - 7 PM but usually take an extra ten minutes in the cool down.  The Bayfront Park location with the high rise temples to capitalism on one side and the flanking cool waters of the Bay dotted with yachts and cruise ships make this a beautiful place to find one's inner self and do a litle exercise with meditation.  The classes draw adults from all ages and don't be surprised to see a strong and supple looking handsome youth or lithe lass struggling just like you, while Granny gets her groove on and twists and turns into a human pretzel with spectacular ease.
Ouchies! I am so sore from that yoga session yesterday. Let me tell you, I was not expecting much from a free yoga session, but I got to admit that it really worked me out. I heard there are different instructors, so I do not want to rate the program overall, but for the class I went, there was a little bit too much advanced stretching and poses, and not enough vinyasas. I was expecting more of a power yoga session, but the class seemed to work more on improving your postures. I can't really complain about a free class, but it is definitely not for beginners. The instructor I went to did not really correct the beginniners who may have been doing the poses incorrectly. The parking lot by the Metro Mover was also a little pricy. It was $6 for 2 hours, and I got there at 5 pm and left at 7:30 pm, so you are bound to pay between $6-$9. I suggest using the Metro Mover if you want to get to this class. I will probably not do this again until I properly improve my yoga poses and my flexibility.
I found this great opportunity to enjoy a wonderful yoga class at no cost along with lovely weather and great people.  The teacher was well knowledgeable and mindful of every student. Like Sean said in my video, the classes seem to be designed for both beginners and advanced students, so everyone can enjoy
