By far, one of the clear highlights of our trip to Miami. Parasailing is such a fun thing to do, and it's made better by the folks running the show. Everyone who works here is friendly, professional, and made sure we had the best time. The photo package is definitely worth it, too! Hot tip: they have early morning specials that are worth waking up for. The weather is milder, it's less expensive, and they have fewer reservations then as well. Speaking of reservations, they handled them properly, considering a lot of people kept walking up asking to be taken up right away. Reservations come before walk-ins, so well done there!
Parasailing itself was amazing. To be high up in the clouds is a great feeling. The staff and the camera guy SUCK. First of all, we arrived on a Thursday to go parasailing. We had not paid yet since we were on standby because it started raining a lot. After a half hour, the rain started letting up and the sun came out and a group of us wanted to go parasailing. However, the staff was insistent on going home. They wanted to leave and get out of there to watch the game. I mean who does that? This is a business and you are here to make money. Yes, it WAS raining but it let up. I was angry that my time got wasted here. They said come back tomorrow before 11am, we will give you $10 off. (This wasn't a discount or anything. This was already on their website.) The next morning, we couldn't make it so we came in the afternoon, ready to parasail. It was my boyfriend and I and we wanted pictures as well. The total came out to be $180, $75 per person, and $30 for the photo package. I asked if they would give us a little discount since we had come yesterday. They wouldn't even give us $10 off. Ok, fine we said, we still wanted to go parasailing. Like I said above, the parasailing experience itself was great. The pictures are HORRIBLE. They do not look like anything in the sample book they show you. Chris, the photographer, took horrible horrible pictures. I told him what I wanted specifically, and he didn't listen to me at all. I wanted photos so bad to show my family and friends, but there is not a single picture that I can show them because the photos stink. This photo package is a waste of money. I had no one else who could take the pics for me and I really wanted pics but you're better off saving your money, not buying the picture package, and just take a pic off from google of random people parasailing in the sky because that's how you'll look if you have this team take your pictures.
A great experience. The weather was not the best. A little chilly. But when my friend and I saw the parasailers in the sky we decided to do it as well since we didn't have anything planned for our vacation. Once we signed up we had to wait 20 minutes. So we decided to play in the water. Came back to where we had to meet in 30 minutes. Don't worry, they didn't leave us. For 2 people it's $150. To have pictures taken, add $30. It's a great experience, calming and fun. I suggest parasailing with someone rather than going by yourself. Ask them to dunk you in the water towards the end. That part was fun. Minus 1 star for the pictures. I'm assuming the camera guy doesn't know how to use the ZOOM button. When my friend and I were up in the air we looked like dots in the pictures. I've gone parasailing before and in the past the photographer did an awesome job of zooming in to see our faces while I was up in the air.
It was a great experience. I took my girlfriend parasailing for her birthday. The entire staff was great. I was not impressed with the photos that they took for my photo package, which was a down point of the trip. Get there before 11am and save some bucks. They are able to have up to 3 people go up at once. Also to get better photos ask them to dunk you in the water when you are landing.
My sister & I went here during our visit to Miami. Great experience. Staff was great at explaining how it all worked & the procedures. We bought the photo package for $30 and got over 100 shots. Loved every second! Highly recommend this company.
Although I felt like I was going to fall off the whole time in the air. I loved it!! Would definitely recommend!
I had a wonderful experience with Miami Beach Parasail!  They were polite, helpful and very attentive to my desires to make it the most awesome experience!  I would recommend them to anyone!
Guys were awesome and overall a really great experience and  good way to break a beach day. It's better if you end up going  with a group of six ( even if you're not all together) because then you get a bonus 30+ minute boat ride while the other people go. If weather if iffy, call prior - they do shut down. Also, credit card machine was not reliable - recommend cash so you don't end up having to run back to wherever you left your wallet.
