Okay if you do one tour in Miami, this is the one you MUST do. My boyfriend and I went on the jet ski and snorkeling tour with Felipe and we had a great time. For two hours, you have complete freedom on a jet ski while touring around Miami and you get to snorkel in the reefs. Felipe also took pictures and videos and e-mailed them promptly that night. You really can't beat this experience. My only advice is that if you go on the jet ski tour and wear contacts, make sure you wear goggles or sunglasses because the salt water will splash into your eyes and will hurt like a betch!
My girls and I came for a 4 days vacation. We called Felipe and his team in regards to their Jet Ski and paddle boarding. And man, was that amazingly fun! For tourist, I will strongly suggest the jet ski snorkeling tour which you will go with Felipe and he will show you around famous celebrities home and differnt miami areas + snorkeling. After the jet ski, we rested for an hour and get on the Neon sunset tour for paddle boarding. The tour was lead by Camilo wich was also amazing, unforgettable experience. During the paddling, you can see the view of Miami downtown and the beautiful houses next to the shore. At dawn, underneath the board will light up neon lights which looks like you are standing on a floating space board. The overall quality of the tour is definitely 5 stars. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable The price is very competitive and better than other companies. If anything i'm upset about, it will be I wish we have time to do the Jetpack aventure.
What a great time!  Felipe runs a top notch tour. The jet ski and the tubing were awesome but the service was even better. He and his team are so friendly and literally take care of every need you have. If you are unsure about chartering a boat do not hesitate to call these guys.
Great Jetski experience and Felipe, our tour guide as well as the contact person, is very friendly! Definitely recommend to my friends!
This is a MUST do when visiting Miami!!!! Never would I have thought that I would jump in the middle ocean! I don't even know how to swim. We had the most amazing view of Miami from the jet skis. Felipe was great he was even nice enough to buy us drinks. This made my trip exactly what I was expecting from my trip.
We had such a great time on our chartered boat! Felipe set us up with a great package that included the boat for 6 of us, snorkeling gear, & a paddle board. Our captain was amazing and gave is great snorkeling & a great place to paddle board. He took care of all of our needs and was awesome! We will definitely be using them again!
Parasailing experience was so much fun! I had no difficulties making a reservation via phone. The captain and helper were both very professional and made the experience fun. They even let me jump in the water after the parasailing. I purchased the parasail with jet ski. The only reason that I did not give 5 stars was because I had to wait a long time in between excursions, other than that, I had a great time and would recommend this group to anyone.
My gf & I had an awesome time with Felipe! Had a rough start bc it was our first time ever riding the jet ski (fell off twice). But after we got the hang of it we were good! I definitely recommend this business to all who seek to have a great Miami experience. The team made my birthday an unforgettable memory.  We have stories to tell on our way back to Durham, NC!!!
My friends and me did jetski tour with snorkeling with Felipe!!! It was 100% fun)) Felipe is a great guide, he showed us around, took a pictures and then make us a little videos! Also we did parasailing with this company.  Everyone was super profesional ! For my  Next water adventures in Miami area I would definitely do with them!
Totally awesome. Friendly, safe, would do it again in a heartbeat. The parasail crew is great (ask to be "dipped"), felt safe the whole time. The hour jetski tour is a blast! Felipe is an awesome guy, actually had us out almost 90 minutes and I wanted to ride the ski wide open and he let me do so the whole trip. Also got to do some tricks and turns, pilot up a serene mangrove with manatees and blast all down south beach. Would definitely go with these guys again, all around awesome.
My wife and I planned a 3-day weekend to celebrate my 29th Birthday in Miami, Fl. We contacted Miami Tours And Water Adventures and ask them to give us the best deal and best experience possible for my birthday in 3-days span.  And let me tell you they exceeded all my expectations, the amount of fun, freedom, and adventure it made me feel like I was 10 years younger.  Day 1. We went on the jet boat Adventure tour what a blast! The crew trained me to use the equipment and in a few minutes I became a pro in wake boarding, and tubing. The photos and videos the tour provided were great memories to keep. Also, it was a safe environment.  Day 2.  We had the jetski tour of south beach, Virginia, key, and star island with a snorkeling experience. Never rode on a jetski before, by the end of the tour I was riding like a professional. In the evening we were booked the Party like a Rock Star VIP treatment tour! Started in Bella Cuba Restaurant, the best mojitos and churrasco in town. We went to the best clubs in South Beach with no cover, no lines, escorted by our own VIP host. One of my best nights, a must do in Miami!  Day 3. We relax and enjoyed the sunset in a sport yacht, and sight seeing the key Biscayne area in jetskies. A beautiful and memorable day to conclude the weekend, we landed in coconut groove and wine and dine in Monty's restaurant.  I highly recommended, and looking forward to booked other tours. I would like to Thank Felipe our host and great friend for given me the best Birthday in Miami. I felt like a Rock Star.
Felipe and Scott were GREAT!!!  A group of four of use were scheduled for a Four Hour adventure and we had an awesome time.  Boca Chita Key was beautiful.  I would definatly use Miami Tours and Water Adventures the next time I'm in Miami!!!
Excellent customer service and had a greattttt time!!! Felipe with spectacular personality will train you how to jetski. Great price and great time. I would definetely come back here!
Warning! Warning! Warning! Warning! Warning! Warning! Warning! My girlfriends and I scheduled our jet ski/snorkeling tour with the "owner" Felipe (Philipe A).  He was very friendly and pleasant and accommodating on the phone but when we met him, he was nothing close to being professional.  He reeked of alcohol and looked a mess!  And he made sexual comments throughout the trip!  Of course we had fun being on the water, seeing the sights but looking back with no help from him other than bringing us to the water, we could've just played in a water puddle and still had the same amount of fun, he was super sleazy and disgusting.  We tried to keep to ourselves but you can tell he had his attention elsewhere other than the body of water.   He was pushy trying to get us to go on the clubs with him-not cool.  We wanted to get our money's worth minus harassment and away from him!  He also introduced us to his "captain/friend" and we asked if this is how Felipe acts with his other customers, his "captain/friend" had no reply and laughed.  Obviously!   What a perfect job for a sleazeball like him, he gets to see girls in bikinis, it's the equivalent of a child sex offender living next to a school! Maybe if we had husbands going with us on the trip, I could've given him 5 stars too like the first review!  He needs to be report to BBB! Go on the FB page, all you see are babes in bikini, makes me wonder what other pictures he's taken that he didn't published and kept to himself.
I just returned from Miami for Spring Break with a close friend, and I had an amazing time! HUGE thanks to Filepe and his team for enhancing my Miami experience. We originally ordered the Island package deal, but once we arrived in Miami, our financial circumstances had changed. Filepe was completely understanding and made appropriate changes to better accommodate us. He even gave us extra time on the jet skis!! They were patient with us when it came to learning the equipment and were beyond kind the entire time. If you have any questions about Miami in terms of things to do, places to go or nightlife, they have all the answers! Next time in Miami, I will definitely book a deal with them again...no hesitation.
My boyfriend and I visited South Beach last month and wanted to do some sort of tour on the water. We decided to go with the jet ski and snorkel tour led by Felipe. I highly recommend it if you are visiting Miami. The tour consisted of jet skiing really fast along the shore with views of South Beach and Downtown, looking at celebrity's homes, visiting a couple of the surrounding islands, and snorkeling at a reef. It had rained the day earlier so it wasn't the best visibility for snorkeling, but it was still worth it since we did see fish, crabs, lobsters, and starfish. Definitely consider taking this tour if you want a combo of a fun water sport plus a great tour of Miami!
My husband and I had a great experience doing jet skiing and snorkeling here... Thanks to Felipe.. He is an amazing host and guide... Had a great time...  Definetly recommend this place.
We chose to go with Miami Tours because they were close to where we were staying and they had good Yelp reviews. When I called, I reached Phillip. He gave me all the information on services they provided. We chose to do both the 2-hour jetskii/snorkeling tour and parasailing. Phillip was able to give us a good break on the price for booking the bundle of activities. When I asked him how long we would have to wait, he told us he actually lives in the same complex we were staying and to meet him downstairs and he would walk with us over to the point of take off. Awesome! The jetskiis were in good condition and fun as hell! He gave us a quick run down on safety and operation. Within a few minutes we were off! I've rode jetskiis on the lake many times, but never on the ocean. If you have not jetskii'd on the ocean before, let me warn it's pretty damn bumpy! I'm definitely feeling the soreness today. The big advantage of the ocean is jumping waves! He took us on a tour of the bay where we saw many beautiful celebrity homes. As we left the bay there were some HUGE waves and I caught some major air! That was my favorite part of the tour. We also stopped by a beautiful little island that was lined with Mangrove trees for some snorkeling. The water was a bit murky, but we saw plenty of fish, starfish and a lobster. Phillip also found a nice shell for my girlfriend to take home as a keepsake. We gave Phillip our camera at the beginning of the tour and he snapped all kinds of photos for us so we could relax and enjoy the tour. It was a great experience. I would highly recommend the tour with Phillip. When we got back it was on to parasailing. Sadly, since the whole parasailing process was so quick and exciting I don't remember the names of the gentlemen that helped us on the boat or on land. I do know that all three were very pleasant to work with. We parasailed with a nice couple from Michigan that took photos of us while were in the air. The staff on the boat was professional and fun. Parasailing it self was great! The lift off was so exciting. Once in the air, we flew for a good 5-7 minutes. We even spotted a sea turtle that surfaced for about 10 seconds. So cool! Once we were back on land the gentleman that signed us up even offered to drive us back to our resort. This group of folks gets a solid five stars. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for some daytime Miami fun! Thanks for the memories guys!!
I agree with whomever stated this place is a scam. Bought a groupon for Kiteboarding lesson. I have left 3 messages and NO ONE has called me back.
I had called in advance to make a reservation and one was set up for 11am a couple days later. My boyfriend and I reserved the jetski snorkeling tour for $300, he told us it would be $360 in cash and to meet him at this hotel. He even texted us to confirm the appointment. We arrived at 10:50am and I called but got no answer. I called and texted and by 11:20 we starred to walk away because we had been sitting in the heat for 30 minutes now. Felipe then called us at 11:30 saying my phone died and I'm at the hotel and don't see you. He said meet me at the pool so we walked back to the hotel and found the pool area but he was no where to be found. I called again and he proceeded to tell me that last night he was really drunk and met this girl and he was out late dancing. He said he lived next door and we would be there in 2 minutes. We waited ANOTHER 20 MINUTES FOR HIM and he still was not there!!! It is so rude and unprofessional to run a businesses and tell your paying customers that are waiting that you are hungover and even though you had an appointment you stayed out late and are an hour late. I do not need to know your personal business and if there are people waiting for you than you should at least try and hurry. After waiting an hour we left because we did not want to pay so much money for a rude hungover tour guide. He then kept calling and texting me saying bummer you decided to leave I'm still going snorkeling but never apologized. We ended up renting jet skies at a legit stand on the beach called Miami Beach Sports. I would strongly recommend going with Miami BeachSports or with a real legitimate business, not this guy.
My husband and I went to Miami for the first time and wanted to have a snorkeling experience since we had never had one before, being from San Francisco where the water is way to cold and ugly to get in. LOL We called Miami Tours and Water Adventures at the recommendation of our hotel and WOW what an experience! We thought we were only going to get a snorkeling tour, but we got a really fun jet ski tour as well! Felipe and another tour guide took us on a jet skiing adventure of a life time! We jet skied through Biscayne Bay as well as the warm blue Atlantic Ocean. Not only did we get a jet ski tour, but we got a tour of the famous people's houses too! From Shakira to Versace and the inventor of Viagra. Lol They took us to a little private island with the whitest sand I've ever seen and even I got a go at the jetski! Then, we got to go snorkeling in the Atlantic! The nicest part, was Felipe was so down to earth and made us feel like friends rather than customers. He took pictures of us the whole time and sent them to us afterward so we would be able to cherish these memories. We were so surprised because after our water tour was finished, he took us to a local spot where we could have some refreshments. I will never forget the place he took us, "Jimbo's." It was awesome, and not to mention famous! The movie, "The Claw" had been filmed there. My husband and I walked away from our adventure feeling that we had a once in a lifetime experience. We will definitely return. Great pricing too!
