Wednesday Night Racing, every Wednesday until May 28th! Anyone can attend and join the race for $20. No special skills needed! Skippers are provided. Registration begins at 5, boats leave the dock at 6PM. Don't miss out!
Visited shake a leg for last two years. They were in partnership with Veterans Ocean Adventure and Veterans Administration.  They also offer discounts to disabled veterans.  Not five star because they did not train their volunteers to handle questions.  Other than this, a potential five star volunteer organization.  Safety is always prioritized, which makes me more comfortable with my mental and physical challenges. The diversity of highly qualified Captains is impressive. Classroom facilities and bathrooms up to par.
Many already know Shake A Leg for the unparalleled work it does for the community - specifically for folks with physical challenges - but one thing I didn't realize is that Shake A Leg offers kayak rentals. Granted, renting a kayak for an hour pales in comparison to spending an afternoon in the liquid bay with avid and amateur sailors, but it's the little things that dot the weekend with fun and adventure. While I don't know much about the non-profit side of the SAL's business or how the sailing works, I can attest to the blast we had on a 2-person kayak with our pup in tow. For $20, we took the boat out for an hour and paddled over to the nearby island (I can't remember the name, but it's like the Grove's version of Monument Island). We (very slowly) zig zagged between anchored sailboats until we finally reached the sand. Had we packed a lunch, we could've even enjoyed an afternoon meal at the picnic tables. Meanwhile, Hank (the dog) took great pleasure roaming through the brush (there was a trail) and hiking up the ramp of the wooden gazebo. Now, we look forward to kayaking from Shake a Leg every weekend :)
Mind you I am not really a fan of activities involving water (yes...it's true! a Miami-an that could care less about spending my days under the sun killing my skin) but this place is amazing. They are a non-profit organization that caters to both kids and adults with or without physical or mental challenges. They teach environmental classes, therapeutic swimming, sailing and kayaking among many other activities. I had the privilege to come here and do community service through my place of employment and even though it was hard labor I did it with all my heart because everyone that dedicates their time to those who come here totally deserve it. Make sure to check out their site and if you can or know someone who can benefit from their services let them know or if you want to get involved yourself give them a call or simply donate. Ahh.. the view from the third floor is pretty amazing!
I can't say enough about this organization, they truly give back to the community and beyond.  Check it out its right in the Grove next to Monty's. Stop by and go for a sail, learn more about them and you might be tempted to support them
Dear Shake A Leg, You are so near and dear to my heart, since my fiancée's disabled little cousin works here and takes lessons here.  The opportunities you have provided her and the joy her little job brings her is like nothing else she knows in her life.  For that, we are eternally grateful.  Where else can a girl in a wheelchair learn how to sail?!  It's just amazing. The sailing facility and boathouse are beautiful and located right on the water, next to Monty's in Coconut Grove.  You offer sailing lessons for all ages, and in the summer there are camps for the kids. My fiancée and I have also attended a few of the charity family events that you have hosted here, in order to support the community, and they are always a blast!!!  There are always tons of activities for the kids and the adults, lots of food, and information on the different disabilities. Just a spectacular organization and your motto is right on!  Thank you for all that you do for the community.  It is greatly appreciated!!! Keep up the good work! Much Love, SabrinaAnna*
Growing up in Miami, sad to say took me 27 years to check these folks out. For $25 a person, you can go out on a moonlight sail in the Bay. Your money goes to support the neat things they do for kids with disabilities and other issues.  I am pretty sure you can also pay to learn to sail and other things... Great alternative.
An amazing Miami institution. Not only are they located in lovely Coconut Grove, but they specialize in helping underpriviledged and disabled folks learn to love and participate in water sports. The people there are amazing and dedicated to spreading the love of the sea to those who probably could never have that chance. Anyone can stop by and take advantage of their rentals - the money goes to their community outreach efforts. Seriously, you want to kayak anyway, why not have it help the community? I got involved through the Veterans Oceans Adventure program, which helps Disabled Veterans learn to sail, kayak, SCUBA; while transitioning to civilian life. If you are interested at all in learning to sail, or just want to help give back - check out Shake A Leg!
"Moving beyond disabilities" is their slogan and they really live it... This excellent sailing club is more than just a great place to go sailing and meet incredible people. The club teaches sailing to anybody, kids and the ones that may need some special help. Whether you volunteer or just hang out to learn to sail, this place and people are it. Stay around afterwards at nearby Monty's or better Scotty's landing. There are also some special events right on site... I volunteered a few years back and will get back as a skipper soon. If you think about learning to sail or just like to volunteer on/near the water...give them a try!
Paddles up, people! Hitting the water on beautiful Biscayne Bay is a fun, peaceful way to spend a day. Make a right out of the launch area and you can row your way down to The Barnacle. You'll pass through serene mangroves and islands. On the side of the islands closest to the shoreline, you'll find still water and a small marina. My favorite time to go is during low tide when a cool little sandbar opens up on the first island. You can dock there and lay out in the sun. During the week, yoga takes place around 6 pm on the third floor of the main building overlooking the water. They ask for a small donation. The moonlight rides are fabulous and the staff is friendly and professional. For the do-gooder in you, there are plenty of ways to volunteer and money you spend goes to help children with special needs.
Shake a leg is Awesome its a great place to actually get away from reality i love the people who work there I go back for sure because its a place where dreams come true and boats launch
Amazing place
A great place to learn sailing. I was even sailing around Vizcaya. So beautiful, and fun, and stress free. The instructors are quirky but great. I had a blast at this place and I can't wait to take the intermediate class.
