Thank you so much for an incredible evening aboard the Hula Girl!  My fiancé : ) and I will remember that night for the rest of our lives.  I couldn't have asked for a more ideal way to propose to the woman I love...on the ocean off the coast of the Miami skyline, after the sun had set,  and as the moon rose into the starry night sky.  You went so far above and beyond what I had expected, bringing us cheese and crackers, fruit and champagne as we enjoyed the view, then preparing the meal I had brought for a very very romantic dinner.  So amazing.  And to top it off those pictures you took were incredible, you even captured the moment I proposed!  And at the same time, it was very private, much of the time it felt like we had the boat to ourselves.  That seat on the very front of the bow, just above the water was perfect for the proposal.  Heather would have said yes no matter where I asked her, but I wanted us to have an incredible memory, and a story to share for the rest of our lives. Thank you so very much to you and Captain Mike! -Alan
AMAZING!!! A huge Thank you to Captain Mike and Sandy for helping to make my bachelorette party even more wonderful! This half day sail couldn't have gotten any better. They were extremely knowledgable of the waters, and pointed out special areas explaining where we were going. They let us crazy girls play our music throughout the whole boat where we danced, sang, and enjoyed every min. Sandy took pictures for us and helped to serve us drinks. Just remember your own sandwiches and drinks for the boat and you are set for the perfect day sail! I HIGHLY recommend using Hula Girl for your special event. Thanks again Captain Mike and Sandy!
THANK YOU to Captain Mike and Sandy for the perfect day on the water for a girlfriend's bachelorette. Her MOH planned 4 days of activities in Miami and this was my favorite part. Hula Girl is a beautiful boat! We were a group of 7 girls. Mike and Sandy were so accommodating, friendly, fun and easy to talk to. Surround sound music played the entire 4 hours, we laid out on the front of the boat, danced, took pictures, stopped at a sandbar for a swim with noodle floats they provided, ate lunch and had some drinks. It was the perfect day. I highly recommend you use Mike and Sandy for any group gathering!
We hired Hula Girl for a 1/2 day family cruise during the Christmas holiday. Capt. Mike & Sandy were awesome hosts. Great views, sun, wind, surf and fun times were had by all. I highly recommend it for family outings or group gatherings.
My boyfriend surprised me with a sunset sail with Sandy & Mike for my birthday.  The 2+ hour sail was awesome, made ever more so by the great hospitality and overall considerate spirits of Mike & Sandy.  They had a fabulous spread set for us with wine, olives, cheese and more, fulfilling my boyfriend's requests. The sail was perfect and I had an awesome bday celebration.  When I'm back in Miami, I can only sail with Mike & Sandy.
Thanks to Captain Mike and Sandy for a great cruise for our family.  We just moved to the Miami area and wanted to take the kids on a special adventure.  The Hula Girl is immaculate and we had fun motoring around and sailing home at sunset.  Sandy suggested we take the kids to a spot where everyone could jump into the water.  It was heaven.  While we were swimming near the boat, Captain Mike floated some beverages out to us.  We had a great time and plan to book again when family and friends visit.
We threw a surprise party for my mother that included a four-hour charter on the Hula Girl with Mike & Sandy. It couldn't have gone better. Because my mom is older, we didn't want to cruise, anchor and swim, so Sandy suggested a cruise, dining at Boater's Grill in Key Biscayne, and cruising some more. It was such a great idea and we had so much fun. Sandy & Mike are great hosts and they provide refreshments and snacks and there's also a grill we chose not to use since we were eating at a restaurant. The Hula Girl also has four bedrooms for overnight charters. I spoke with a few companies before choosing this one and I have to say from my first conversation with Sandy, I felt I was in great hands and I was right. Marvelous way to spend a day in Miami. Prices were very reasonable.
