This is a great gym on wide waters Parkway. They offer a lot of amenities including: large amount of cardio equipment tons of free weights as well as Nautical machines. They have tennis courts, squash courts, an aerobics studio, a cross training "yard", and a cycling studio. They offer personal training, but it's kind of expensive. Overall it's a great gym to belong to and gold's has additional services for kids and families too.
Roger Markell, Master Trainer is the Best ! At 47 years old and 250 pounds, impulse led me to Roger Markell, the trainer for my weight loss challenge team. I had no explicit goals. I just wanted to lose some weight. Even though I had a skinny past, that past was never fit and as I sat more, worked longer hours, fasted all day so I could eat a big dinner with my family, my only exercise a daily walk with my dog - the weight packed on. 6 weeks into my weight loss challenge, I lost about 30 pounds and began to realize what I might be able to do if I committed to a true lifestyle change. At that time I began to work with Roger Markell twice a week. The results have amazed me. In 6 months, I lost over 90 pounds with more than 30 inches gone from various body parts. From huffing and puffing up a flight of stairs, I now walk up multiple flights without losing my breadth. I can push more than my weight with my legs, do 10+ 'guy' push-ups, jog around that track without getting a stich in my side, and am valiantly working to do pull ups! When I started, everything hurt: my knees, hips, back, etc. I was taking Tylenol to help reduce the ache to sleep. Now, I still ache but it is muscle ache and I don't need assistance to sleep. Roger helped me to eat more nutritiously, providing real examples of how to eat those 6 meals through a jam packed work day. Always concerned about my health and well-being, he works to maximize my work out benefit while keeping me injury free. Roger helps me to stay accountable to myself. When the sweat drips into my eyes and puddles on the track, Roger's humor cheers me on. His confidence that I can accomplish what he asks gives me the confidence I need to keep going. I've now been with Roger for 2 years. I have a maintained my weight loss and fitness.  As a team, we worked to get my body fit. As a team, we work to keep my body fit.
Roger Markell is my dream come true trainer.  I have been training with him almost 2 years now, and honestly, he is the one who makes me keep going back to Gold's.  He is knowledgeable, consistent, responsible, professional, and, unlike many young come and go trainers, he is RELIABLE.
