Today was the third time I went sailing- can't tell u how much I love this place, and how much fun this is. Hands down this beats any day drinking thing. This is an adventure!!!, the staff is so helpful- will teach u to sail before u go out and will even take u out for a bit. Super cheap, super easy. U can bring some snacks on board and music and u have a whole day to play in the sun and water! Can't wait to come back. Makes a great date too!
Recently hired Miami Catamarans for a fun-filled "Boat Day" for my graduating class of FIU medical students.  We had four hours on the Adventure Prize catamaran with included snorkels and chilled bottles of water, and we threw in some kayaks for kicks.  We cruised to Key Biscayne where we anchored on a sandbar and drank and swam and snorkeled and kayaked to our hearts' content.   I cannot thank Miami Catamarans enough for this experience!  My class is still raving about it.  As the organizer, I was amazed by how painless the rental process was.  I was, of course, the one responsible for working out the contract and payment, but Annabelle just made it so easy for me.  She was extremely responsive to my requests and questions and was open and honest about everything. Our captain and crew were also great!  They were very accommodating to our group of silly, dancing, intoxicated, and fun-deprived med students. My only advice is that if you want to provide your own music, bring an iPhone 4 (or earlier gen) because the connector does not hook up to the iPhone 5.  And make sure it's an iPhone not an iPad--just trust me on this.  Other than that, the sound system was actually REALLY good.  We turned our music way up, and it felt like a club party. I would work with Miami Catamarans again in a heartbeat, and I recommend it to anyone planning a group charter!  Great customer service, well-maintained boats, and an awesome time.  It's a win-win for everyone!
We rented a Hobie cat for the afternoon and were thrilled with the quality of the boats and the professionalism of the staff.   Everything was in top-notch condition ... the boats literally look and sail like they are brand-new.  Very attentive & efficient staff, and they paid attention to little touches that made the experience great: clean comfortable PFD's, sunglass strings, a secure place to store our shoes, fresh water, walk-talkies on the boats.  To top it all off, when the owner made a billing error and undercharged us, she comped us the difference. Oh, and the sailing in Biscayne is great.  Get off your computer and go rent a Hobie now!
Concierge Catamarans! New boats helpful staff just show up and everything is done for you. I've owned Hobies for years and will never have to own one again
These guys have good equipment in good shape and a great spot for sailing. All boats have waterproof radios and they have a motorboat and will come and get you if you get into trouble. Sailing by the hour and lessons and all day or half day packages are offered.
I have been going to visit Jacques and Eva on a monthly basis for the past 2 years since having moved to Miami! The service they provide is great and the boats are always in great shape! I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to have an enjoyable and relaxed time. This is great for families, friend gatherings and even dates! Great for beginners, intermediate and advanced levels ... if needed they provide lessons and even chartered trips. I recommend miami catamarans to anyone!
Nice sailing
