Wow! So I had a pleasant surprise one afternoon when I received a phone call from the owner of Clean Start. She wanted to genuinely make it up to me for my previous facial experience, which I wasn't too happy about, and although I insisted that I don't need anything, I was offered a free facial from a different skincare specialist. I am actually typing this right after my facial and I am thrilled! I am so happy with the facial and all I can say, is that I highly recommend Meisha Robinson - she KNOWS what she is doing! My face feels so nice right now and she extracted so much and gave her expertise advice to maintain my skin. I am actually very grateful to have found her! All I can say is that Clean Start really cares about making their clients happy and although I wasn't happy the first time around, they really worked hard to change that. I look forward to coming back to Clean Start and using more of their services. Thank you Meisha and Clean Start!!! Exceptional customer service!
Professional, private, & a friendly staff that provides a very comfortable & relaxing atmosphere.  It's the only place I can find in Miami that provides the continuous water flow colonic which is so much better for your body & system.  Absolutely terrific therapists!  Highly recommend!
Love, love, love this place! Been there for a few services and keep going back for new ones. They have the friendliest staff, EVER! I also love how they inform you of things without trying to sell you the products. Of course, that's their goal, but they understand if you can't get it and still educate you.
Very impressed with this place. Everyone was very nice. Private, comfortable and professional.
I went to this place with the knowledge that I would not be reviewing it. TMI for yelp, was my thinking. I know that others feel the same way because when I was looking for a colonics place, Yelp kind of left me hanging. Fortunately some brave souls did post reviews and as usual, pointed me in the right direction. So here's my thinking for finally deciding to write this review, 1.) The whole, take a penny, give a penny situation. 2.) I was impressed by the place and 3.) Although I was initially embarrassed by telling the world I had a colonic, I'm essentially saying that my body is squeaky clean so it should really be the ones who HAVEN'T had one that should be embarrassed! I get to the place nervous as hell. I made the appointment during one of my spontaneous moments and had not really fully thought it through but there's a 24 hour cancellation policy and I made the appointment less that 24 hours before, which basically forced me to go since I am not about the get charged for NOT going somewhere! So I get there... nervous. The place is so clean and calming. There was a yoga class going on and Buddha all over the place. I sat on the couch and thought that despite my nerves, I might actually fall asleep there and how peaceful it must be to work in such a tranquil facility. Lilly introduces herself and explains the procedure. Here are the 2 things I feared the most: The "insertion" and having a stranger sit next to me the whole time. My fears subsided when she told me that I could insert the TINY tube by myself and that she would step outside once the machine was turned on. The whole thing lasted less than an hour and I left feeling great. I'm sure you're like me and think people are nuts when the topic of colonics are brought up (you know, just your typical conversation)... then again, you're reading this review so I guess you're at least considering it. Great staff and great facility. Make an appointment so you can stop being gross on the inside.
Omg... had a foot detox and facial today. Feeling like brand new. Highly recommend this place. Very therapeutic and relaxing.
Very comfortable experience and not awkward at all. Catalina was great and walked me through the whole process. Very clean facility as well.
I have to say, Melissa is the bomb. I just had an hour deep tissue with her from reading a review on yelp about her, and I'm extremely pleased with my experience.  Shes very skilled in her profession,  and I loved that after the first couple minutes she asked if I preferred it harder or not. For two years I've tried many many spas in the area and this was by far my favorite.  I also had a foot detox that was pleasent. Will definitely be coming back to Melissa!  Thank you!
Had my first Colonic hydrotherapy session after being injured for 2-months. Before starting my 15-day detoxification, I was recommended in scheduling an appointment for a colon irrigation, and so after a long research in finding one near the midtown Miami area, I found that Clean Start was the closest to my house. At first, I was a bit nervous, but I went in and went out. The session lasted 30-40 minutes for a grand total of $100. The service was cool, the girls who work their are friendly and are very open-minded, answering any questions or concerns. I'll probably come back, someday.
Very great instructors. Amazing place and the pricing is good. Have tried most of classes and love everyone of them.
You will love the staff at Clean Start. Everyone is knowledgeable and everyone committed to a healthy and clean life.  I am hoping to detox and get healthy and Clean Start is the place to be. I highly recommend the treatments and finding what minerals your body may need depending on where you are in your life.  Thank you Clean Start!
My experience was great here!! Very nice nice and relaxing music playing. VERY CLEAN place which i love.I had gotten the foot detox and the colonic hydrotherapy. This is my first time experiencing these treatments.. The technicians were very attentive and informative. After leaving this place I felt like a new woman lol!! Definitely recommend !
I love, love love Clean Start! Friendly and knowledgeable service. All the staff Is always ready and willing to help and go the extra mile. I have a pretty hectic schedule, and often want to book services last minute, Candace and Caroline always try to work with me to "squeeze me in" The colonic machine they have is the absolute best. And the therapists are just wonderful. I highly recommend Clean Start- it is a true healing oasis!
I have been searching, seeking, looking to find a place like this since I moved to Miami three years ago. On Monday I got an appointment for an Ionic Detox Foot bath, (ooh Lord Little Baby Jesus & His 12 homies). That thang made me feel so good and light afterwards. Now for those of you who don't know what the heck I am talking, it's a foot bath, sort of like the ones for a pedicure but not quite. This bath is meant to pull toxins out of your body via your feet. A basin is filled with water, your feet are submerged in it, and an ion electrode gizmo is placed in the water with your feet, then turned on.  There are little elves and fairies in this water, I promise you. You sit there for about 20 to 30 minutes while the happy snappy ions pinch, prick, and penetrate your feet. For me it only took about five minutes before I started to see the toxins surfacing in the water. By the time the machine's bell sounded that once clear water had totally changed to... all I'm going to say is...it was not pretty... not pretty at all. You will be amazed at all the things that are in your body that honestly need to get but your too scared to try something new and convectional to get it out. This will get you on the road to changing your health for the better. The staff that I met was Candice and Melissa. Candice the young vibrant lady that talked to me, setting up my appointment as well as providing me with great detailed answers to all the questions that I had to ask about the spa and the wide variety of services they offer there. From Ion detox foot bathes, to hydration colonics, to full body massages, yoga classes and all the herbal cleansing systems that will assist in getting your whole entire body back in balance and harmony with itself. I also took the yoga class that same night. The class was instructed by Melissa. She was great. The aspect that stood out the most about her your was that she asked each student what were the things that we wanted to work on. Whether be stress in the neck and shoulders, decompressing from a long day at work, centering your thoughts and calming down, or strengthening specific muscle groups. She gathered all this information from her students then, because the class was a small, one she  able to tailor the poses that we did to address the concerns that each of us had mentioned. This is a place that I have already told a few people about. I will most definitely be coming back here ago real soon.
This is a new place I recently discovered by the groupon foot detox. My boyfriend has had a deep tissue massage there with, Melissa, and he said it was one of the best he has ever had. The foot detox is cool and I felt good after it. They have an herbal shop (Nature's Sunshine) of high grade herbs.  The Herbal Sleep and Melatonin has done wonders for my sleep (no more sleeping pills). The Stress Relief also has a positive impact on my stressful day (I notice a huge different). They are knowledgeable in holistic health and have many products and cleansing kits. Yoga with AnaMargret on Wednesdays is what I choose because it is best for my beginner phase. The place is very nice and ascetically pleasing.
All I can say I Love , Love, Love the experience.  My daughter had done her research & saw someone review & made an appointment & I took her.  As soon as you walk in the place you get the sense of peace & serenity.  The staff is amazing they are very personable & make you feel comfortable.  I had a Colon Hydrotherapy a.k.a Colonic Cleansing & it was so worth it.  I have already scheduled a Foot Detox prior to my next Colonic in 2wks. &&&&& it gets better besides offering a different range of organic & vegan  supplements they also host Yoga classes & the teacher is amazing she lets you go at your own pace so you don't feel out of place in class.  Overall experience Fabulous I'm hooked :)
Clean Start is an integral part of my health and wellness plan! Instead of running to the pharmacy when I have an ailment, my 1st stop is to see Candice at Clean Start to see what kind of herbs she will suggest that can aid me. Yesterday I went in for a colonic and I have to say that as far as colonics go, this was the best I've had (and I've been to several places locally). Henry (the colonic guru :)) is super knowledge, friendly and gentle. The colonic machine that they have uses a continuous flow of water so you have more control over the amount of pressure and/or discomfort you experience during the treatment. I highly recommend giving them a go, particularly if you've never had a colonic before, but just as good for experienced colon cleaners too :) I have not had a chance to try the foot detox but it is next up on my list. I have seen the results of others who have and it is quite impressive. Clean Start is also a great place for a yoga class too. They have 3 different instructors offering varying styles. I could go on and on and list all of the really cool treatments and stuff that they offer (like massage, iridology, biofeedback readings, facial, vibration machine), but suffice it to say Clean Start is definitely my one stop shop for holistic health and wellness! (and it doesn't hurt that the owner and staff are FANTASTIC (knowledge, friendly and helpful) - making it just the kind of place you want to visit time and time again!)
back to have a cleanse, Henry is amazing
I highly recommend Clean Start. I was skeptical at first but after my first appointment I was convinced. I now use their services regularly for cleansing and detoxing. The staff is knowledgeable and extremely helpful. They are open to discussing any issues you have and will spend the time to craft a program for you. They also have an impressive stock of herbs with recommendations for any ailment. I have stubborn weight and yeast (candida) issues and this is the first place I have gone to that has been able to aggressively solve these issues for me. They have also helped my with my insomnia. It is a process but I feel progressively better each time I go. If you are not feeling well I would definitely try this place. It is a must!
