Like many others below, I too took advantage of Miami Spa Month and visited Lapis... The deal is beyond amazing and completely worth the price. For $120 (after taxes and service fees) I got the best facial (60 minutes) I've ever had in my life, access to all spa facilities - I'm talking gym, eucalyptus sauna, hot tub, spa pool, rain room, unlimited citrus water, juices, and fruits. That price also includes all day access to the hotel pools and beach. I swear I'd even pay regular price for this. Beyond impressed with the facilities and the service. If I could give it more stars, I would.
Making an appointment - impossible Was put on hold first time for 15 minutes then I was hung up on Second call on hold for 20 minutes or so then disconnected Third call the front desk had to get involved and personally walk to the spa to have them answer me only for me to be placed on a ten minute hold then I was informed of incorrect prices and booked an appointment Upon arrival The color selection was very limited and I was told I could only get a regular manicure because they didn't have time for French which was what I booked the appointment for Then because of the color I selected upon check out I was charged 40 dollars more because the Polish was a designer brand of which I never heard of in my life. I was then rushed out as if my 115 dollar regular plain manicure and pedicure wasn't worth their time. - anywhere else including NYC  these services would be worth 45-65 together Again this was not gel. They did not even have dryers And my paint chipped upon paying and they didn't have time to fix I will never step foot here again! I will never come back
Went to Lapis Spa during Miami Spa Month and got the Swedish Massage. The treatment was good and I enjoyed it but what I really liked about the Fontainbleau spa is the amenities. We booked our service at 11am so this gave us plenty of time to enjoy the property. After our massages we hit up the hot tub, the sauna, the mineral pool and last but most definitely not least the rain room. The rain room is located at the very end of the co-ed mineral pool and sweet baby Jesus this thing is amazing. You walk into this room where a hard rain is falling and you lay face down on a slab. This was one of these best things I've ever done to relax--- correction this is one of the best things I've done in life. The timer lasts for about 5 minutes and a hard warm rain falls on your back, I could sit here all day and try to describe it to you but you just really need to experience this for yourself. At some points you think you may drown but it's so good you take your chances. Overall my experience at the Lapis spa was a good one and I'd definitely come back for another spa day here! I suggest booking your service early so you have plenty of time to enjoy the amenities.
Great experience. Could definitely spend the day here with all the relaxing options they have. It was a wonderful 1/2 day escape from reality.
One of my all time favorite me time spots. It's a little expensive but worth the money for a special treat. Make sure you get there early to take full advantage of the pool. You will not be let down.
So we went here to check out the spa and relax a little bit.  When we got there we heard they were running a $99 Miami Spice special.  Basically a 50 min massage that they stress to tell you is a light to medium touch (more on this), use of the spa amenities and a pool pass.  Sounds pretty good, but tack on service charge and tax and you are at $120 for a 50min massage. You are shown inside and the amenities and given a tour of the different pools.  They finish by reminding you to show up to the lounge 5 min prior to your session and they will come get you for your service (more on this as well). The three stars are really for the various mineral baths they have.  They were all excellent and the steam room is quite nice as well.  One thing I noticed was that there were no iced towels available by the steam room.  Most high end spas I have gone to offer it as a way to keep cool in the steam room if needed.  I asked a gentlemen's locker attendant for some and he was able to put a couple together for me, should be something the spa may want to consider in the future. After thoroughly enjoying the pools, I show up at 12:50 for a 1:00pm massage.  I relax on the chairs and wait for someone to come get me and take me to my massage room.  5min passes by, no one.  10min, no one.  15min, no one.  At this point it's 1:05pm and I have to walk to the front to find out what is going on.  When I mention to the gentleman at the counter that I have been waiting 15min and my appointment was at 1, he looks for my info, then simply says follow me.  As we get in the elevator, I ask to make sure that I will still be allotted my 50min massage and he just says talk to the therapist. As we get out of the elevator, we see the therapist on the phone calling downstairs to see where I am.   Without apologizing for being late, the make attendant hands me off and I feel the need to apologize for the tardiness.  I ask the masseuse if the massage will still be the full 50min as it is 1:10 at this point she replies no, that because I was late, she cannot make it up as she is on a schedule. I try to stay calm as I was pretty relaxed from the baths and asked to speak to a manager if I was going to be short changed on the massage.  She took notice that I was getting upset and said ok, no problem and she did end up spending 50min on the massage. Now as far as the massage goes, it was probably the lightest massage I have ever had.  At one point she asked how the pressure was and it took all of me not to laugh.  My wife ended up getting the same massage package and her masseuse was the same way.  When my wife was asked about the pressure of the massage, her masseuse told her she paid for a light to medium massage and was told she could upgrade to a firmer massage for more money...she simply replied that she didn't want an upgraded massage, she just didn't want to be rubbed with oil and no pressure, she could have done that herself at home. In any case, we got our massages, showered up using their bathrooms, which have ok products and headed out.  We tried to use the pool at the hotel but it was a zoo.  Pool service was atrocious, tried to relax, but headed back to our hotel, Metropolitan by Como (fantastic boutique hotel!).  All in all, it was an ok spa trip.  If it wasn't for the baths and the fact that it was only $99, I don't know that I would give it more than one star.
Lapis spa goes above and beyond to make sure that your spa experience is enjoyable. From check in, to the massage, and ESPECIALLY all of the unbelievable ameities you are sure to have a five star experience.  Myself and my husband have been to many 5 star hotels and the amenities are not even close to as amazing as the ones offered at Lapis.
Awesome spa. Went here with my bestie for a girls spa day during Miami spa month. It was amazing! The staff was attentive and friendly and the amenities are like no other spa I've been too. I loved the mineral pool and the sauna. Not to mention you get an all day pass to the amazing pool. The massages we got were both awesome! I had the bamboo infusion and she had the aromatherapy-both were on point.
The most amazing massage I have ever had. And such a great atmosphere and experience. Martha did my massage and she was so sweet and professional. It did not feel rushed at all. The hot tub, rain shower, and atmosphere of this spa was 5 star. I will most likely be returning next month! If you are looking for a place to make you feel like you are in heaven for a day, this is your spot!
I had the most amazing experience with Lapis Spa. I read reviews ahead of going, and was seriously nervous being late for 10am appointment. I got there 9:56am and was greeted with smiles. From there on it just got better and better. Amenities were fabulous, attendants were pleasant, but let me tell you-the service itself that I have received was OUT of this WORLD! Bamboo massage with Sergio was the best present I have given myself in awhile. Sergio was very very courteous and professional and went 1,000 extra miles to get all my back knots out, leaving me reborn, refreshed and amazed! Best massage I have received in the USA, and I went on about 100 of them. So please make sure you ask for Sergio to do your massage! (When asked about male or female masseuse I asked for their names, and when I heard Sergio I asked for him, though I was inclined to choose female masseuse, BUT I remembered one of wonderful yelp reviews mentioning him as a great therapist, and let me tell you that massage was healing and therapeutic experience!) Highly recommended spacious spa and amazing massage! Enjoy!
Ok there is one star for for service I received from Natalia. She was amazing. We booked a 5 o'clock service on a Monday. Two facials. Facial was perfect. Spa was fun with rain feature rooms and elements of water. We enjoyed the beach has well. Cons: 1. The pool was dirty with bratty kids throwing drinking cups around the pool as of it was a game. 2. The spa was dirty with a layer of crud on the hottub step railing so thick and gross. 3. Spa closed at 6:30 so immediately after our treatment we RUSHED out. It was nuts on the woman's side of the lockers rooms. It was like a sorority house with woman literally fighting for the mirror and pushing me!   4. As staff rushes us out, they were out of items like brushes!  Is this really a top-rated spa!   Where is management at this hotel!!?! I love Fort Lauderdale Spa week. I prefer it. I love Harbor Beach and they treated me w respect.  Definitely not at the overrated Fountainbleau. I can't believe I have waited so long to visit this place. Never again.
Thanks to Spa month I enjoyed the Lapis spa! The facility really is beautiful and so relaxing. It was worth every penny. I will be coming back very soon.
My awesome mother-in-law treated me to a day at Lapis Spa at the Fontainebleau about four months ago and I am still thinking about it. Not surprisingly, the prices are high, but watch out for sales and head on over whenever you get the urge to splurge on a relaxing daycation. This is not a bad way to get that "me time" you've been putting off, but are so deservingly of! I found it to be a great way to disconnect from the world and relax and regenerate. They offer several packages to choose from. The one I received covered access to spa amenities for the day and a 30min massage or facial. It also granted access to the pool. We really made use of everything and had an excellent lunch at one of the restaurants on site. I would definitely return again the next time I need a break from real life.
Yaaassss!!! It had been much too long since I'd treated myself. I decided that I was going to take a personal day and do all sorts of good things to and for me. Using Tom and Donna as my spirit guide, I set off for a a good day. The day started with a favorite juice then some eye candy in fancy digs. I got my fitness on with little distraction. I couldn't be bothered to ogle [redacted]. I was leading up to some spa treatmentS and I needed to make sure I was tight and right. I can't just go au natural in front of anyone at any time. Fitness achieved, I headed to the Lapis Spa. Instantly, I felt at ease. I was worried that I was going to be surrounded by all manner of foolishness but then I remembered that I wasn't coming here during discount days (of COURSE the place is as packed as Walmart on Black Friday at that time; don't schedule something relaxation when a metric ton of people are making a run on the same thing). I got checked in and met my aide. He showed me to the lockers, pool, sauna, outside pool, and waiting area. I luxuriated in the rain shower (bad for Mother Earth... but so indulgent). I soaked in the jacuzzi (hoping that I wouldn't get pregnant). My OCD, then, sent me back to the showers. I followed that with a stay in the eucalyptus sauna and sweated out toxins of the biological and emotional kind. Relaxed, I took a real shower, got into my towel and robe, sauntered over to the waiting area, and got my citrus water on. Feet propped up and deliciously hydrated, I received notice that my time was at hand. I was scheduled for the Lapissage: chakras, crystals, mind, body, soul realignment... yes, please. I drifted out of consciousness as my masseuse made me a better man and restored my balance. The time went way too quickly. I didn't have to go home, but I couldn't stay on that table. I made my way back down to the waiting area and more of that life-affirming water. Some pseudo-napping by the pool, sauna, rain shower, and real shower later, I was on my way to MORE treating of myself. But, i made a note that I would need round 2 at Lapis soon.
Went with friends and family for Spa Month. They had a good deal for $99. You get a 50 min.massage and get to spend the day at the pool. I founded to be very busy, seemed like a factory with so many guests. Other than that it was amazing. The staff was very friendly and has great amenities. Would return for sure.
Oh Lapis Lapis Lapis...how I wish you were in my life daily... This is one of the best Spas that I've experienced. I've been to many spas in Miami and this one tops all (so far). I visited Lapis in August 2014 during Miami Spa month. My mother and I went together on a Monday so that we could avoid the crowds and would be guaranteed a service at our desired time. Wow what a good call on our part. Regardless, they had a good amount of ladies in the spa that day and I they are definitely staffed to accommodate very large groups without the guest feeling like they are busy. They have tons of therapy rooms and plenty of therapists. We only had Swedish Massages and they were AMAZING. My mom and I both had male therapists and were so pleased with our massages. Their facilities are large and fully equipped with full length lockers, changing rooms, large bathrooms, showers, relaxation/meditation/nap room (Silence is Golden), steam room, rain showers, indoor hot lap pool, another smaller hot tube, and the list goes on and on. With your entry to the Spa, you also get access to their outdoor pools, pool chairs, and their gym. We spent about an hour in the gym and 2 or 3 hours in the pool. The only thing it did not include was chairs by the beach. This would have been an extra fee...But I understand why it's not included. The beach there is very small and the number of beach lounge chairs and umbrellas is very limited compared to the size of the hotel. All in all this is a great spa, and I look forward to coming back again for another relaxing day.
Every year during spa month my husband And I try out a new spa. This week we visited Lapis Spa at Fontaineble. We've stayed at this hotel a couple times and can't believe we've missed out on the spa which is the best spa we have visited. When we first arrived we checked in at the glowing front desk and then called in by name to our respective locker rooms. Given a locker and robe with sandals. You keep the locker all day so you can use the outside pools/beach and then come back as many times as you want. I was running a little late so skipped the tour and went upstairs to a little waiting room. Mihaela my therapist came and led me to my treatment room. The massage type selected was the hot stone. It was wonderful and extremely relaxing more so than a swedish.  The hot stones melted the tension in my muscles and If it wasn't because of the heat of the stones it was hard to tell when Mihaela was using her hands or the stones to massage...she was that good. Ok so once I'm done and in a Spa daze my husband and I meet up in the co-ed area which consist of a mineral pool and a rain room which we couldn't get enough of. I. In the women's only area there's a eucalyptus steam room which is not to be missed a rain tunnel some more hot jet pools and loungers as well as cool cucumbers to place on your eyes. The men's has the same. Once you exit that area there a silent room if you choose to take a nap and a refreshment are with vitamin c water,fruit, pretzels, tea and honey. There's showers and blow dryer/curling irons available to get ready afterwards. I recommend making this a full day experience and la cote for lunch as you can go very casual in your swimwear and cover up. Enjoy your relaxing day!
I went to the Lapis Spa about 4 years ago when they had recently reopened after a renovation.   Love the water experience..the rainshower is my favorite.  But after visiting again 4 years later, I found the spa to be in need of another face lift.  All the water pieces were working properly but I noticed that there was a lot of mold/mildew on the tiles when I was in the jacuzzi  and even in the regular shower! I know that the spa gets A LOT of traffic because its so popular, but there really should be better maintenance between renovations.
Heaven. This place was beyond my expectations ( which is very hard ) I went to with my coworkers yesterday and enjoyed the whole day. The rainfall is by far one of the best inventions ever. We arrived early and enjoyed the outside pool and all the spa activities. Enjoy my bamboo massage. I will be back
I went during Spa Month for the $99 Special, so I don't know what this spa is like at full price, but let me say that what I got was out-of-this-world.  As in YUMMY delish!!!!  Faboosh!!!  A-Okay+++++++. I had a pedicure, mini facial and mineral soak.  Valerie in the locker room was wonderful, and so was the lady who did my soak.  The facility itself is just gorgeous.  All around an A++++++++++
The most amazing spa I've ever been to! The service is fantastic, the facilities are gorgeous, and my massage was INCREDIBLE. During my most recent vacation, we enjoyed the Miami Spa Week $99 special - I had a bamboo massage and a friend got the hot stone. Every knot and kink was rolled out, my masseuse Nancy was incredible. Once done with our massage treatments, we enjoyed the eucalyptus steam room, hot tub, rain room, and mineral bath pool. We were then issued day passes to enjoy the seven pools at the Fountainbleau hotel. Such a memorable experience, and I will be sure to visit Lapis every time I am in Miami!
Not as visually impressive as the Spa at The Water Club but not bad either - it's a different experience. The weekend when I went there was a special offer, 50 minutes of Swedish Massage for $100, you can't go wrong with that.. They have the usual waiting area with nibbles and a few drinks that you have to pay for. There's a hot tub and a lap pool .. there didn't appear to be any natural light so it felt a little artificial and gloomy. Their tagline is something like "Emerge Rejuvenated" but when I emerged I felt like I had a Vitamin D deficiency. The treatment rooms are nice, spacious and relaxing - I didn't hear a peep from the corridor or other treatment rooms. My therapist Claudia was excellent and I enjoyed my treatment. In short, there's no "Wow" factor with this Spa but you be the judge, I'd try it again or failing that I'd pop over the Bliss at the Miami W.
AWESOME! Really enjoyed visiting the Lapis Spa @ The Fontainebleau Hotel. I wish I remembered the name of my masseuse but she was great. I booked a 50 minute Swedish massage with the Miami Spa month deal. We were staying at the hotel, so it was just a quick walk down to the spa. We checked in at the desk and after our check-in, we had someone walk us to our lockers and let us know that we can change into our robes and slippers, once changed, she took us up the elevator to the waiting room where the masseuse will call-out your name and take you to the massage room. My massage was awesome, did I mention that? It was much needed and I truly enjoyed it. So glad that my masseuse was quiet and did not chat, she would ask how the pressure was and that's pretty much it. Usually once you get up from a massage, they hand you a cup of water, which didn't happen here. But not a big deal. After the massage, I met up with my friends and we changed into our bathing suits to enjoy the spas, pools, steam room and mineral showers. There are towels all over for use, cool cucumbers to put on your eyes, or eat as a snack (HA!), there is also a place for tea, water, fruits and pretzels located in the women's area (obviously, not sure about the men). I didn't really get a chance to check out amenities in terms of products available to spa users but I did notice that there were hair dryers, curling irons available and face wash, lotion and moisturizers. Go visit!!
If I could give them less than one star I would. The Lapis Spa, located in the Fountainebleu Hotel, has a very questionable business model.  Let me start by saying that I get my hair blown out two times a week -  and since I live in NYC it does not come cheap, clearly I have no issue spending money on my hair. I booked an appt on line as I was staying at the Fountainebleu Hotel for a conference.  My hair is about an inch below my collar bone so I booked the option for "medium" length hair which was $66.00.  When I went to pay my bill,  the total was $99.00. When I asked about the price increase I was told that my hair is considered "long".  Clearly not true but my question is why did they not say anything prior to the service?  I would have had it done either way but when it comes to costs for services, price transparency with your customers is paramount. Unfortunately it gets worse - they also added 20% as a "service charge" (which at first I thought was ok as I would usually leave a 20% tip) but I was told this was not a tip for the stylist who did my hair, it is actually just an extra charge used to collect money to be "spread out amongst the rest of the spa staff so everyone gets something". WHAT? I didn't use any of the other services at the spa nor interact with anyone but the woman who did my hair. Why should I be charged 20% more so they can equalize the rest of their staff? Let them pool their tips and divide them or let the owners pay their staff more, but to charge a customer a 20% service charge and then expect us to tip the person who actually did the service on top of the 20% that I just paid is more than absurd, I question whether it is actually legal. The woman who did my hair was very personable and while she took a bit longer than I am used to, she did a good job, not great but good. I doubt they have repeat business - probably just other guests of the hotel and that is why they are getting away with the 20% "rip off"  thing. But bad business practices are bad business practices. Go somewhere else!
I just spent the weekend in Miami Beach and enjoyed a spa day at Lapis.  The spa amenities were great -- loved the Jacuzzi, sauna, rain room.  It was such a pretty day outside, so I was inching to get in the sun, but I did enjoy the inside pools.   I like facials.  I get them often.  Not as often as I'd like, but I know a good facial from a bad one.  I appreciated her describing what she was going to do to my face, but I wish she would have talked less throughout the 50 minutes.  All I wanted to do was lie there and enjoy the facial and instead, I had to have small talk and hear her say "oh yea, that made a great difference" like 10 times.  By the end of the facial she said she had written me a "prescription" and handed me a list of 6 items I should buy from them.  She spent about 3 minute total doing extractions.  While my face felt rejuvenated afterwards, I did not feel that I had received $155 of services.  i fortunately didn't pay for this, I had a gift card, but had I been using my own money, Lapis would have lost a star. I had a great day, but I ding 2 stars because: 1. Front desk staff seemed disheveled and we never even got a tour, explanation of where to go for our service, etc. 2. 20% service charge is added to every service. Unclear as to whether you have to add additional tip.  They explain it as money that is divided amongst all the staff.  They need to drop that charge or figure out how to explain it because I have a feeling that folks doing the service aren't getting properly tipped. Not fair. 3. There should be a private exit/entrace to the outside pools. Awkward to walk through the hotel in a robe.
I actually enjoyed my spa treatment at Lapis during my recent vacation to Miami Beach. Luckily there was a special on spa treatments since it was spa month.  When I arrived, hospitality was great. They explained the process in great detail and proceeded to the  waiting area where we were greeted my another person who gave us a tour of the facility. Make sure to come prepared with swim wear if you plan to use the facility after the treatment. Facility had many amenities to use for men from robes to slippers. They also have a good selection of food in the waiting area. The massage and facial was great. What is great is that I was able to use the facility until the end of the day. Overall, I would return and highly recommend this spa to anyone.
I purchased a package during spa month and for the grand total, including service fees and taxes, of $180 I received four services.  I was able to get a 50 min soak, 25 min back rub, a 25 min facial and a 25 min body scrub. I will walk through my experience and you can take my opinion for what it is worth. When I booked my services I was looking for a facial and a body scrub. When I saw the spa package I figured I would take it since I've never had a soak before. I stayed at another luxury hotel and I wasn't willing to pay $500 for what I wanted. I received a confirmation call the day before and I could have sworn she told me to be there at 9:15 am since my appointment was for 10 am. I could be mistaken and she could have said 9:30. When I got there, the doors were locked so I scouted the pool area while I waited. When I got back there were about 4 other people waiting. The doors opened promptly at 9:30 and I signed in. I didn't complete a questionnaire as usual and payment is taken upon check-in which I thought was weird. I was then led back to the ladies locker room where the attendant gave me a brief tour. The facilities were clean and I received my large locker. The robe was the usual but didn't have pockets which I would loved to have had to keep my glasses and my itinerary in. The waiting area had pretzels (which were kind of on the stale side), strawberries, oranges, lemon lime infused water and tea. I would not have known to have been in the waiting room 10 mins prior to my first service because I wasn't told. I actually overheard another attendant mention it to another guest. By the time I changed there were about 6 other women waiting for services and they kept coming. I was called back with two other nice ladies and taken for my soak. We were led into a steam room, with the option of using the jacuzzi instead. We all went into the steam room for 7 mins and it was the longest 7 minutes ever! It was so hot in there it was hard to breathe. I've been in steam rooms before and the steam normally shuts off for a brief period and then starts again. Nope, this bad boy kept pumping out steam and I wasn't sure I was going to last. After that we were led to our hot bubble baths. The three of us were separated by wooden dividers and the tubs were nice. We had ice water with a lemon, cucumbers for our eyes and fruit to snack on. I love taking baths but going from the hot steam room to a hot bath was a bit much. I tried to stay cool by drinking all of my ice water, turning on the cold water and using my wash cloth to douce cool water over my head. The attendant did ask if the water was okay when we got in and I should have told her to cool it down. When she finally came back I had her run the cold water for 2-3 mins. After the hot soak, we were led to a cool shower to rinse off and use a body scrub. It was nice to finally have a chance to cool off. Then the attendant disappeared and we didn't know what to do next. I went to the front desk and they told me we could wait in the waiting area until our next service. There were even more people in the waiting area and another attendant started calling out names. This is when I felt as though we were nicely being herded like cattle. The now 5 of us went upstairs to another waiting area. When we got upstairs other guest were waiting and some had to sit in another area because there was no more room. One by one each person was called by the respective person for that service. I was headed back for my massage (back rub with lotion). I have a massage therapist which is amazing so it's hard to find someone other than him that I like. I will say the gentleman that gave me my massage was professional and courteous. I could have gone without that service though. After my back rub I had my facial. It was short but nice. It was my second favorite service of the entire day. The best part about my spa day was the body scrub. It was amazing. I can't remember the woman's name that gave me the body scrub but she was fantastic! The Vichy Shower was awesome and the sugar scrub left my skin feeling soft. I highly recommend that service. At the end of a spa treatment I am used to having some sort of consultation about my skin, my muscles or something. That didn't happen here. Because it is so busy, I believe that everyone is focusing on the next guest. There was no check out, no how was your overall experience and no one asking if I wanted to leave an extra tip. That is why I say that Lapis is more concerned with quantity. Overall I enjoyed my experience. However, if you want a tailored experience I would suggest you go somewhere else. Maybe it's different if you purchase just one long service rather than four. From what I noticed at the large and crowded pool area, the experience I had at Lapis is on par with the entire hotel.
Hands down, my favorite spa. I've been here 5 or 6 times now and I can't get enough. The facilities are fantastic. The spa itself is huge. There are some areas that are for women or men only and some co-ed. The spa has a huge rain shower room with different temperatures and water pressures. It also has a large heated mineral pool with built in seats to relax in before or after your treatment. Everywhere you turn, they have stations setup with tea, water, mixed nuts and dried fruit, strawberries, apples, coffee, etc. The treatment rooms are also nice and spacious and the therapists are very professional. I've never had a bad experience here. One of the best perks of going to the spa here is that you can also use the pool and hotel facilities while you're there. It's great to go with friends and spend the day having drinks poolside at the Fontainebleau. If you're planning on going, check their website for special deals as they usually have a pretty good promotion going on... Get your spa on!
Every party needs a pooper, and I guess I'm just that party pooper. I went to Lapis for Miami Spa month today with Grisel L. looking forward to leaving with the 3 R's - revived, refreshed and relaxed.  But I apparently never got that far into the alphabet... I was unimpressed, which was peculiar since everyone raves about this place. First off, the entrance to the spa is pretty tacky for such a high end spa.  Merchandise like perfume, hair accessories and nail polish are lined up on the walk to the check-in desk.  I felt like I was in Dolphin Mall. Secondly, I don't know if this is usually the case, but there were so many people booked for massages that I had NO WHERE TO SIT in the waiting room.  I don't know about you, but standing around munching on strawberries in a robe with a cackling group of 15 women (no joke) is not very spa-like for me.  It was terrible.  I (and a few others) described it as a field trip or conveyor belt.  Very impersonal. Amenities are okay.  They have a mineral pool, a mineral jacuzzi (um, isn't that just like the pool but with jet streams?), rain showers (I can just stand outside during a rainstorm - we are prone to those in Miami), and the Eucalyptus Steam Room (probably the only one I enjoyed).  Additionally, locker #17 apparently hated me and would neither unlock or lock when I needed it to.  I literally had to stand with all my weight up against it to get it to work.   The massage itself was okay.  I opted for the Bamboo Fusion because it sounded new and adventurous, but quickly found out there was nothing glamorous about it since it's basically being rubbed with a bamboo stick.  I would not recommend it - I kept hearing the stick squeak as the masseuse rolled it on my back, and after being poked in the head with it a few times, I was really to karate chop the hell out of it.  But thankfully he put it away for a little while and just gave me a regular rub down. Hallelujah! Service was okay, except that the girls in the spa check-in forgot to put the date on our pool passes where it specifically says "date."  And due to this oversight, a 17 year old security officer (okay, 21, tops!) who took his job veeeery seriously wouldn't let us into the pool area, which resulted in us hoofing it all the way back to the spa to stand in line and correct this problem... but hey - at least we burned some calories from that strawberry water we had... good deal! Positive comments: clean, modern facility; even offered little combs, shower caps, lotion, hair products and blowdryer/curling irons to spruce up.   But honestly, for being the big, bad FountaineBleau, I expected more. And putting all sarcasm aside, this review is really the experience Lapis had in store for me today.  The most disappointing thing was the amount of clients that were booked for massages starting at the same time - waaay too many!  I didn't leave revived, refreshed, or relaxed, and I have to say that Lapis was not, for me, all it was hyped up to be...
I likey! My husband booked a couple's massage and day at the Fontainebleau Spa for my birthday - turning 25 means needing some serious pampering and rejuvenating in my old age. It doesn't need to be mentioned - the Fontainebleau is gorgeous. The spa is no different. We were running 5 minutes late to our appointment so we were immediately rushed into the massage room without a tour of the place. There's very little leeway with appointment times, so make sure you plan ahead. We had a deep tissue massage that didn't feel too deep tissue as I expected. Regardless, it was still nice and the room was very serene. Next, we hit up the other spa amenities. * Co-ed Mineral Pool: Nice when it isn't packed. We went early in the day and had it to ourselves. After about 3 PM it got packed. * Rain showers: Interesting, but took a few tries to get the point of it. Laying face down was the best. * Steam room: Fantastic. Pro-tip: take a cucumber infused towel from the various ice buckets spread throughout the spa to put on your face. * Individual bathtubs: Had a bit of an awkward moment here. I walked by several bathtubs that were separated by a short partition. A bunch of them were filled with bubble bath. Next to each one, I saw a bowl of fruit, an ice bucket of cucumber infused towels, some scrub or cream or whatever, and other accessories. I walked by these tubs in curiosity a few times (important to note: I wasn't given a tour) until I decided... I'm gonna jump in one of 'em. And I did. With bubbles in my hair, strawberry in my mouth and cream on my face I stared innocently as one of the staff approached my tub in confusion and asked, "uh.. do you have an appointment?". I ran outta there. Aaaanyway... * Relaxation room: I recommend you come in here and snuggle under the fuzzy blanket and drink some tea after you've hit up the other amenities. It was pretty awesome. Overall, had a pretty sweet time at the spa for a few hours. You can ask for a pool pass and lounge by the awe-inspiring pools if the weather is nice. You can also grab a pretty expensive snack at the cafe nearby (the quesadilla is great.) Between The Standard, The Viceroy and Fontainebleau - this is my favorite spa so far. Between having the most amenities, largest space to prance around and most non-spa fun you can have (between the pool and various amazing restaurants) - it's a pretty easy choice if you're prepared to splurge.
I got to experience a little bit of everything at Lapis. I booked a three treatment package here during Miami Spa Month. It included a 30 min. mineral soak and scrub, a 25 minute facial and a pedicure for $99 (plus gratuity = $120). They charged my credit card the service amount and gratuity before I was allowed to enter the spa. The staff was all smiles and were very helpful. They loaned me perfectly sized slippers and a giant locker with more than enough room and a free tote bag. The robes weren't the best - they were thin and hard to keep closed. I sat in the lounge for a bit, which was well stocked with food, drinks and magazines. After a few minuts, an attendant brought me past the jacuzzi and rain tunnel, into the Eucalyptus steam room where I sprawled out for a few minutes. When my time was up, she came back and brought me to the mineral soaking tubs. The water was hot and brimming with bubbles. She poured in a cup of mineral salts and explained the tray of accessories that was set out for me. There was a glass of ice water and a plate of juicy, fresh fruit to much on including strawberries, pineapple and orange slices. Next to that was a dish with a towel, some cucumber slices and ice cubes on it to cool and calm your face. I like that there was natural light coming through the highest windows and I could watch the clouds floating by, in between cucumber/cold towel treatments, of course. After about 20 minutes in the tub, my attendant handed me a small jar of body scrub and showed me showers around the corner. The water came down like a gentle waterfall and I used every bit of the sweet smelling scrubby stuff. I dried off with one of their tan colored towels and headed back to the lounge to wait for my next treatment. It was like people had multiplied exponentially from the time I arrived. This is the most crowded spa I've ever encountered. There wasn't enough space for everyone to sit down. An attendant came and herded us into an elevator (it seriously felt a bit like we were cattle) to take us upstairs to the treatment rooms. There wasn't enough room for everyone to sit in the lounge upstairs either. After a few minutes, a line of spa specialists called us out one by one. My facialist led me down a dim hallway to a small room. The bed inside was very comfy and fully adjustable. She spent almost a half hour cleansing, exfoliating and massaging my neck and face. She finished by applying some anti-aging eye treatment and some sunscreen. Lapis uses all natural, aromatheraputic products. I went back downstairs and was able to proceed immediately to the Salon for my pedicure. It was a bit chilly so I made some tea with a little bit of sugar and fresh lemon. I picked out a sparkly OPI nail color and waited only a few minutes for my nail tech to retrieve me. There were several pedicure stations and all the area is very clean and all the tools were taken from sterilized packaging and everything else is single use. All the pedi basics were covered from a bubbling soak to cleaning to filing, to cuticle shaping, to scrubbing to (very brief) massaging to polishing. My tech was very friendly and efficient and I even got to keep the plastic flip flops and foot file. I had access to the pools and water spa areas for the rest of the day, but didn't have the time to indulge in everything. I took a few more minutes to walk through the rain tunnel and dried off on one of the padded loungers.  They had everything you could possibly need in the locker room and I slathered some lotion on before clearing out my locker and changing. I forgot cash for the valet and it was a mission to find an ATM ($5 service charge, WTF), navigate the crowds throughout the lobby and outside and finally getting my car after waiting a while. (Valet is validated - $7 for 8 hours). Several spa employees told me that Lapis is extending their spa month specials through September, so if I come back I'm definitely making a day of it. Overall experience = 4.5 stars.
As a part of Miami Spa Month, I ventured out of my spa comfort zone (in full disclosure, Uhma is my spa of choice) and tried Lapis, the spa in the Fontainebleu Hotel. The package started with a Mineral Soak, which looked beautiful and inviting. As the other three women and I discovered, it was shockingly uncomfortable. We spent the next 25 minutes slipping and squirming, trying to find a comfortable position in the bath so we could actually relax and recline. Any attempt to recline would land you under water, with your butt completely sliding out from under you, and your head going under. (The size 0 to the size 12 were having this problem.) The head pillow provided did not hold your head in place, so your head would follow the rest of your body's descent under water. Ultimately, we realized you could either wedge yourself into a corner or you could brace yourself still with an arm or leg -- either way, you were not just laying still, not reclining, not quietly soaking your ills away.  The lovely accoutrement provided -- cucumber for the eyes, cool towel for the face -- couldn't be enjoyed either, as you really could not recline. Two women got out before the 25 minutes were even up (the most compelling evidence of the discomfort), and one woman's tub spontaneously drained dry. When she told the attendant that her tub drained, she was told, "That's okay, your 25 minutes was up." I spent the next hour relaxing by the coed pool. The marble chaises are surprisingly comfortable and warm. My 50-minute Swedish massage was really, really bland. I am definitely used to having masseuses who question you about your physique and condition before laying hands on you. Once I realized that my masseur was beginning, I volunteered information regarding my specific muscle pain. Although my masseur was perfectly pleasant, he ignored the information I gave him. This massage would not be worth the normal $140 price tag.
*sigh*.... I so desperately want to write a good review.... I truly truly do.  But I can't.... on principle, I just can't.  So here is how the story goes.  I was at the Fontainebleu for a Bachelorette weekend.  We were staying at the hotel, and some of the girls, including the bride to be, were all going to get massage's.  I, who was driving from Palm Beach, was just going in to get my nails done, "Rescue my nails" treatment.  The treatment itself was $45.  Ok.  Done.  I made the appointment.  Mother nature attacks and it takes me MUCH longer to get to Miami then I thought.  Down pour for half of my drive.  My friend who was already at the spa told them that I was going to be running a little late because of the weather.  Ok, I thought everything was going to be squared away and all would be ok still.  No.  Not ok still.   My appointment was at 10am, I arrived at 10:20am.  I apologized for my tardiness (I get it, it was my fault for being late).  Very swanky and beautiful spa.  The receptionist then led me to the "salon" where my nails would be done.  Once I arrived to the second receptionist, I was told that they would not be able to do my treatment because I was late.  Once again, understandable as I was late.  What they could do for me is give me a polish change.  I graciously accepted cause it was a bachelorette party weekend and I wanted my nails done.  So I was ushered to the color wall to pick my color.  I was offered a beverage from an elaborate table of different drinks.   And then I was called in.  Quick quick quick.... polish on, bada bing, bada boom.  DONE.  all within like 10-15 minutes, compared to the 45 minutes I was supposed to be getting had I not been late.   I go to pay, and here is where my issue was.  And maybe again it was my fault for not fighting more (my inner lawyer stayed home apparently).  Even though all I got was a polish change, they charged me $54 for the total spa package.  All I kept thinking was "what??  I didn't get anything done though".  But I didn't yell, I paid.  There was also a 20% gratuity added on.  Which is fine, but still. After all that.   My friends who were getting their massages on were not done.  So I waited around in the lobby of the hotel until they were done.  Once they were done, they told us they were using the spa amenities and that everyone should join them.  Since I got a "spa" service, I thought I would be allowed to use the amenities..... WRONG, sooooo wrong.  You can only use the amenities in the spa (like the pools, and showers, saunas....) if you spend $80.  My $54 was not good enough.  I would have to pay $35 extra to use the amenities.  Ummm... no.  I will not.  It's just the principle behind it.   I am not going to rush to go back to the spa any time soon, unless I'm getting a massage, etc. etc.  Really beautiful, but go for actual spa stuff, not nails.
I went there today for my Miami Spa Month grand finale, and it's absolutely the best experience I have had these two months, visiting various spas.   I agree all the line up of merchandise at the entrance is weird, and not even great looking as merchandising goes.   I received excellent service the moment I walked up to the reception.  I received a very nice tour of the facilities as well as a discount coupon for a future trip, which I am totally going to take my husband.  They also asked for my shoe size and it was nice to walk around in something that fits rather than uni-size.  Throughout my stay I saw lots of staff refilling the snacks and towels, cleaning up... so everything was tidy and nice.   Changing room is huge, with lots of lockers.  There are changing rooms as well for those too shy to change by the lockers.  The lounge area is well stocked with the ubiquitous fruit-infused water and nuts, plus a variety of tea with honey and lemon, apples, sliced oranges and strawberries (hulled even!)   I have to admit though, the space there is somewhat tight.  I went on a weekday morning.  There were about 8 of us waiting for our appointments, plus people who just finished their appointments and relaxing there, and a few other people... and the place was totally crowded.  Can't imagine how it would be like on a weekend.   My masseur Frank was excellent.  I asked him what the bamboo massage was like (as I was considering getting it instead of hot stone) and he took out a bamboo stick for a short demo (which made me glad I didn't order it as the bamboo is much less giving than the hands, so the pressure on my body is strong).   I hung out in the spa area a bit.  There are steam room, water-jet bath, and a larger co-ed pool.  Didn't really care for the shower tunnel; living in Miami, I can get my warm rain shower from Mother Nature.  I did like the rain room though.  Word of warning: be careful.  I guess my body was still a bit oily, (despite all the water I've dunked and showered in) and I almost slided off the bench!   Oh, they have plates of sliced cucumber for you to cover your eyes while steaming - and if you like steamed cucumber you can eat it afterwards. : )  It's all these little touches that say this is a better spa. The best part of coming here versus other places is, at Fountainbleau you have free access to the pools and beach.  They have a nice, big pool, and several smaller ones, include a kids pool with a water slide.  I had such a great time I had to start checking the time to make sure I don't run over the 6 hours validation valet limit.  Never thought that would happen.  At $7 it's cheaper than the meter! So, in conclusion, top notch massage, nice amenities great bonus of pool access.  It's not perfect, but pretty darn close to it.
There's nothing like some good pampering and relaxation. I visited the Lapis spa during Miami Spa Month last year and I loved it! As soon as you sign in, you are given a robe, slippers, and a locker to put all of your belongings. After changing, the staff gives a full tour of the facilities and services. The spa is very modern, classy, and contemporary in style, which can only be expected of the Fontainebleau Resort. I believe that service will make or break your experience, and it certainly made this one. All of the staff was nice, helpful, and exuded serenity, which is exactly what I look for in spa staff. As I waited for my massage appointment, I was taken to a quaint relaxing lounge stocked with refreshing lemon-water, fruits, nuts and cheeses. Now on to the good part: my massage! I received a 50 min. Swedish Aroma Therapy Massage, which included a scalp massage. The scalp massage was amazing; it  was so relaxing, I nearly fell asleep. The swedish massage, my preffered type of massage, was great as well and I didn't want the masseuse to stop! The masseuse was very professional and sweet, making sure to ask if the pressure was okay. During the massage, soothing sounds and delicious aromatic smells filled the dimly lit room. I walked out of that room feeling like a relaxed piece of jello :) As if all that wasn't enough, then came the amenities, which were included with any spa service. They have the Mineral Lapis Water Rituals, Rain Tunnels, Coed Jetted pool, Eucalyptus Steam Room and Bleau Rain Room. My favorite was the Bleau Rain Room because the rain falling down on your body feels like you're getting another massage for free; it's so relaxing. The spa also gives you an all-day pool pass and access to the hotel's private beach-which I also took advantage of. The pool area is very chic, complete with cabanas and beds to lay on by the pool and music playing loud, upbeat music to keep everyone entertained. I spent an hour by the pool looking at all the eye-candy, and then had lunch at the restaurant by the pool. The restaurant was pretty pricey and the food not so yummy, but there was no other option but to leave the hotel, and that's just too complicated. No doubt the hotel knows this and that's why it was pricey. After the pool and lunch, I went back to the spa to end my day the right way - with a dip in the mineral pool and another freebie massage in the Bleau Rain Room ;)   This place gets 5 stars because it has what all other spa's have, and then some!
After looking at quite a few spas, a friend and I settled on Lapis due to the "extras" that it had to offer (like the outdoor pools, spa pools & rain room, etc). The prices seemed about the same as everyone in the area (not ridiculous, but a tiny bit higher than expected), but the July/August spa month deals were just an added bonus when we was there. Even though the Fountainbleau is huge, it wasn't difficult to find the spa and check in desk. I thought their request to check-in 45 minutes prior to the treatment was a bit excessive. I understand not everyone is very prompt, but perhaps 20-30 minutes would've been sufficient for people to change & get the tour of the facility before waiting for the treatment. If people want to take advantage of the spa "extras," just let them know they can arrive early or stay later than their appointment. Each of the water-based extra things were nice in their own way. I like that the co-ed mineral pool was a little cooler than the things in the women's-only area. The rain room just off of the co-ed pool was very neat, as was the rain area in the women's space. The number of lounge chairs along the co-ed pool and by the women's jet tub were always occupied. If you weren't quick to get one as soon as the towels were switched by the ever-present staff, you were out of luck. Towels were located in every room, and the robe I got was very fluffy (but so long & stretched throughout my stay that it dragged on the ground & got a bit gross by the end). The calm/nap room was a cool idea, but I didn't get a chance to use it. I did appreciate that we had full use of the outdoor pools, as well as the spa area, but it wasn't really mentioned unless you asked for the day pool pass. The swedish massage by Sergio was great, and I didn't need to request more or less pressure. I'm not sure why, but the neck, scalp, hand, and foot massage portions were unexpectedly good compared with previous massages I've had. Maybe the "extras" beforehand had relaxed me more than usual so I could appreciate it? What they had for nibbles and water throughout were very good, but I thought they could've had a bit more variety for the nibbles (in the waiting area for treatments, it was strawberries, thick, juicy oranges, pineapple chunks, and cups of peanuts). The shower area was very nice, clean, and roomy with a rain shower-head. The lockers weren't large, but sufficient for all my clothes & purse. The personal space was a bit cramped if you got one in the corners, though. I would go again, but I would hope they would do a minor update/cleaning because there was a little mildew/mold visible in a few areas. Given the amount of heated water everywhere (so much water!), I'm sure that it is difficult to keep up on. A swimsuit dryer/spinner would've been nice, maybe some natural light, and maybe 1 area with cool-er water. Even though there were a lot of people at the spa on the Saturday that we went, the only place I was hindered was the lounge chairs along the co-ed pool & women's area. The outdoor pool was crowded, but decent chairs were still available at ~3:30 in the afternoon.
Far and away the best spa experience ever, save the slight 'tude from attendant who was perturbed that I wasn't wearing spa slippers. In my defense I wasn't given any! Anyway, had a very relaxing and professional massage then was left to explore the many rooms of the mutli-level spa. Rain rooms, eucalyptus sauna, hot tubs, marble beds, heated pools, snacks and couches kept me occupied for a good while after my treatment. This place is definitely worth the charge for any service (my gf also enjoyed her massage and scrub) and it's easy to spend an afternoon getting caught up in the other amenities offered to guests. *Definitely pack beach attire in order to dip in the pools, hot tubs, and rain rooms, which are sort of like high pressure massages with water.
Yum, I loved everything about my experience at the Lapis Spa at the Fontainebleau hotel. Parking:  $7 valet for 8 hours with validation.  $28 if you pass the 8 hour mark.   My friend and I came here for different massages that were a part of their "September Special," which means that you get a 50 minute massage for only $99.  I got the Swedish Rubdown and she got the Hot Stone Massage. I personally loved everything about my experience here.  The staff were all wonderfully friendly and the water was ice cold and fruit-flavored.  For snacks, they had an array of fruits out, as well as various teas and little cups of a dried fruit/nut mix.   My massage began right on time with a masseuse named Parker.  I would highly recommend Parker to anyone looking for a massage - she was very attentive and capable and took the entire 50 minutes for my massage.  Some places treat you like crap when you take advantage of cheaper discount deals (which is so counterintuitive because, if I'm trying your place out with a cheaper deal and you give me an attitude or give me a crappy product, of course I would never return to pay full price for anything!) but I didn't get ANY attitude whatsoever for using a cheaper deal, and my massage was superb.  The room was dim, the massage bed was nice and warm, and there was soothing music playing in the background.   After my massage, I took advantage of the spa amenities by walking through the rain-shower thing (it's a big room that just drizzles warm water) and the hot tub.  I then took advantage of the fact that we were allowed pool access for using the spa, and laid out by the pool for about an hour.  The pool is gorgeous and there is fruit-flavored water interspersed throughout the pool area so that you can be sure to stay hydrated without getting ripped off.  You can also order food by the pool!   Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at the Lapis spa and would return anytime I'm back in Miami.
Great for a girls weekend! You don't have sell your first born if you pay just to take advantage of the ammenities of the spa. $25 or $15 after 4pm. Once you book anything at the spa you have all day access, which is nice. I loved the "rain" areas where you can sit as it rains on you. The mineral pool is great also.
Lapis is one of those rare full-service spas with co-ed hang-out areas, which is why we chose it for our couple's spa day.  The co-ed area within the spa features a lengthy warm mineral pool and a spectacular rain shower room.  Included in your price of admission is access to the Fontainebleau's pool complex and private beach, which are also co-ed-friendly. The facilities are clean and luxurious.  Inside each gender's locker room, there are also hot tubs, rain tunnels, and steam rooms, along with lockers, changing areas, hair/vanity stations, bathrooms, and big showers stalls.  I heard that the gents' locker room also had a TV showing sports.  Complimentary treats include hot tea, cold fruit-infused water, orange slices, strawberries, apples, and trail mix.  The only negative I could think of was that the robes were not as soft and plush as I'd like them, and they did not have pockets -- but that's just being a little picky. ;) Our deep-tissue couple's massage was amazing.  The couple's room overlooked the beach, and the massage therapists used serious strength when massaging us. Parking is valet at a reasonable $7 for 8 hours. All in all, our experience was worth the high price of admission, but if we did not require co-ed hang-out areas, other comparable spas may give you more bang for your buck.
If I have a chance to get a massage and the extra cash on the side, this is my first stop for one. They have great deals often ($99 50 min massage) and the spa is magnificent. I keep coming back because of all the amenities they have to offer that I don't see in other spas. They have a nice size lap pool (co-ed) and then per gender, they have locker rooms. Now these aren't ordinary locker rooms. They have a Jacuzzi, lounge chairs, a "quiet" section, a rain tunnel, a steam room and so much more. Compared to other resort spas, this one is just not comparable. Normally you get a massage, sit in a quiet room and that's it. This is a whole day event. You can get your massage, hang around the indoor pool, Jacuzzi, rain showers, etc. But you can also go to their outdoor pool and beach.  A little tidbit: park at the lot next to the Eden Rock. Valet at the Fontainebleau will run you about $35 for the day. Oh and the massages are phenomenal. They are so relaxing and helpful!
This spa is beautiful. Clean. Relaxing. Rejuvinating. It was spa month. Great deals. Extremely reasonable prices. Great extra amenities. Strawberry water. Granola. Nuts. Fresh fruit. Slippers. Robes. A rain shower room. A hot tub. Showers. Luxurious lotions. Complimentary La Fresh makeup remover wipes. Cucumber eye slices. I could go on and on about the pure bliss and luxury of this spa. The clientele was not as pretentious as I thought it would be either. The staff was completely friendly, over the top accommodating in a good way. All with the exception of my massage therapist. My massage therapist totally stressed me out. She wasn't personable. Or particularly friendly. She shushed my college roommate when she talked in the quiet area. I get that it's a quiet area but she was pretty rude. We got in and she barked commands at me. I am not sure that she was intentionally being rude but her mannerisms were gruff. I was surprised when she didn't ask me how I liked the pressure. Everything felt very transactional, like I was just another number. But yet this place still gets 4 stars. That's because this place is THAT awesome. And that good. Make this place a top priority when you come to Miami!
I have gone to many spas and this one measures up to the amazing spas that I've experienced in Vegas.   Not only is the spa beautiful, clean, and professional, but the staff who work here are so very pleasant.  I have been to many spas in my day, and unfortunately have experienced some pretentious B's.  I was so afraid I would get some type of attitude here, since I had to check in my luggage with them since I was meeting friends here directly after my flight in.  But nothing.  Everyone was so kind and friendly, it was so refreshing (esp after coming from Chicago!) The spa itself is awesome.  They have a very comfy quiet room with the softest blankets.  They have a whirlpool, big steam room, and an amazing rainfall area that you can walk through.  They also have a long shallow co-ed pool and an area where you can lay down and get massaged by a waterfall. Insanely AMAZING. I almost forgot to mention my actual massage! Very relaxing... absolute perfection. But honestly, I would just come back for the amenities! Aside from a few ants near the fruits in the waiting area, this place is flawless.  Well worth the money.  Shouts to my best friend for getting us all a gift card here as a bridesmaids present :)
I and a friend went to the Lapis Spa on Sunday 08/12/12 during Spa Month.  While there seemed to be quite a few other patrons there, it didn't seem overly crowded to me. We both had Swedish Massage appointments at 10.  She with Roman, and I with Anna.  I was very pleased with my massage and feeling so relaxed, I just wanted to lounge around, eat fruit and relax.. We did manage, however, to make our way to the whirlpool.  The rainforest showers were nice too.  But the highlight was taking a nice cozy nap next to the mineral pool. Soon it was lunch time and we dared to venutre out into the world!  We ate at La Cote, beside the pool.  A burger and fries was $18.  Throw in a $5 fountain drink and you've spent about $25.  But BABBBYYYYY, that double meat hamburger was delish!!! After basking in the sun, we went back to Lapis and continued to lounge and enjoy the water works, intermittently.  Where did the 7 hours go? Now, I've done the Doral Spa and thought it was pretty good.  Lapis is definitely a different experience.  But one well worth the cost. In the words of the Terminator............:"I'll be back"!!!!!!
Yes, Lapis Spa I am a fan of yours.  Indeed this is one of the best SPAs in Miami.  Much relaxing area, individually, collectively, just lounging, whatever is it that you decide to do; there is an area for it.  We were the first in the morning appointments, but this seemed that 15-20 people were waiting for a massage.  It was crowded for waiting for a massage - the waiting room was F U L L!!!  Well, probably because spa month.  Definitely a place to go during the week.  You can enjoy ALL the facilities, outdoor pool, indoor spa areas ALL the time you want.  Of course, they close at what... 8pm or 7pm.. something like that.  But it is definitely a place to enjoy ALL DAY.  Hanging out in the outdoor pool is cool, people will help you find a lounge chair and set it up for you.  Food is available for order or you go buy - the food gets PLUS points!!! Affordable for the amount of food and the quality!!! The spa has so much areas that it is great to have a ME day.  The co-ed pool has some rain shower area that is lovely, you would love to stay there all day.  Time to relax, enjoy quiet time, and massages. Maybe because it was spa month... the spa needs a bit of upkeep.  The showers, the co-ed pool.... you are the best spa in town Lapis... try to keep it that way!!!  Service is great, but there is always room for improvement.
My girlfriend and I surprised our best friend for her 25th birthday and booked a whole spa day here. OH em GEE!!!!!!! This spa is so gorgeous, I literally wanted to hide in the locker room and stay here FOREVER!!! The massages were amazing. Left me feeling like jello (in a good way) We received day passes for the pool as well but believe it or not, the spa's amenities were more than enough, we all stayed until it closed lol. From the Co-Ed mineral pool, to the eucalyptus steam room, the blue rain room....trays of ice with sliced cucumbers for your eyes, within reach of every lounge chair and hot tub...Now this my friend, is what I call a SPA DAY!!!! Gather up your girls or surprise your significant other with this lavish treat.....you won't be disappointed!
Okay, here is a summary in just one word for Lapis Spa...FANTASTIC!!!  I tend to consider myself a Spa aficionado.  I go to Spa's like it's a sport I play on the weekends...lol  So maybe that would make me a pretty good judge in Spa rating...yes, no..Well, why don't you check it out for yourself and see what I mean. First let's start out  by rating the Service:  A+ quality Second locker rooms communal areas: A++ Clean, Attentive Staff, quality snacks, like nuts and fruits to keep you happy while waiting for your Hot Stone massage.  And if nuts, are not to your liking.... then there's fruits for you to nibble on like..strawberries,Oranges, and citrus infused water to keep your taste buds dancing. Third but not least THE AMENITIES!!  Aromatherapy Jacuzzi, Sauna, Rain Shower room, Outside Pool and Beach access. The pool area felt like a water park for adults and kids. And if the pool is not your style then their is the Beach access with all the service available as you would have if you were sitting at a restaurant. So with a strawberry daqueri in hand and the Sun in my face, I fell in love with Lapis Spa! I'll be back!!
I booked a surprise anniversary couples massage for the fi and myself and wisely chose 10:30am so we could maximize on the other luxuries offered. This was our very first spa experience and even though it was very expensive (discount included) I think it was money well spent. Our two masseuses were friendly and extremely attentive. After our massages, we both took some time in our respective steam rooms (with cucumbers!), rain showers and jacuzzis. I also inhaled a bunch of dried fruit, iced water and fruit in the designated snack area.  We met back up in the co-ed pool and rain room. The pool was by far my most favorite thing (after the massages of course). It was just so beautiful!! I had to include a picture for y'all to see. We rinsed off and then hit the gym for a bit before relaxing outside by the pool and ordering INSANELY expensive food and drinks. ($10 for a shot? what was I thinking?!) Having thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at the spa and Fontainebleau, we headed back to the locker rooms. Every possible bathroom accessory was available and there was even a steam option in your individual rain shower. hell yes. Anyway, you can count on it that I'll be back next time I'm in Miami.
A five star spa treatment has been awaiting me for a while now. Calling my name on the days my stress and anxiety were through the roof and yearning to soothe away every body ache and sorrow. I won a free spa day at Lapis through Twitter. How lucky am I to re-tweet something at the right time and win something so essential as a free spa day at the Fontainebleau? Let me give you a peek into my life-altering experience at Lapis. Upon my arrival I was greeted warmly by the front desk receptionist. She congratulated me on my prize and escorted me through the double doors of the spa. The spa is gorgeous--clean and modern, not a detail is overlooked. After I was given a tour of the entire facility, they showed me to my locker where there was a bathrobe and sandals waiting for me in my exact size. I was also assured that I had access to every amenity and facility (phew!). I waited in what I call the "snack room" for my  2:00 massage where I noshed on fresh fruit, trail mix, and fruit infused water. There was also hot tea and magazines to help pass time. It wasn't long before my name was called and I was shown to the massage area of the spa. I didn't know what a treat I was in for since I wasn't paying for anything. My masseuse was the sweetest and attentive person I could have ever been appointed. I was given a 50 minute, hot stone and deep tissue massage (score!). I mentioned to her that I had ran a 5k earlier in the day and she knew exactly what pressure points to soothe and alleviate for a runner. I finished my massage feeling like an entirely new person. After my massage I took a quick shower to rinse off the oils and then headed straight to the hot tub. I lounged for a bit on the adjacent curved lounge chairs with slices of chilled cucumbers over my eyes (something I've always wanted to do) then, I made my way to the steam room. From the steam room, I went straight under this huge platform where a pressure shower proceeded for a good five minutes. I had it all to myself and it was glorious! Then came my favorite part--a swim in the narrow mineral pool. After that I laid face down under a pressure shower of mineral water. I realize now my experience was a lot like going to a water park for adults only. Amazing. The spa has private showers equipped with soap, shampoo, conditioner, and shave cream as well as a dressing room with blow dryers, curling irons, and hair brushes. I made it a point to take advantage of everything since I don't know when I'll be allowed the time and money for such an experience. Since I wasn't a paying customer, I thought that I would be excluded from several privileges, but I wasn't treated any different than any paying patron. It was by far the best spa experience I could have ever asked for. It didn't hurt that it didn't cost me a thing either, but I was treated so well and intoxicated with such relaxation, that I am willing to pay for a spa session at Lapis in the near future. Side Note: Make sure you arrive half an hour early. It's important to get that tour around the spa or you'll have a difficult time trying to figure out where everything is. You'll also want to take the time to change into your robe and slippers and enjoy some of the snacks.
I cannot fathom the bad reviews unless these people went on a crowded weekend or at a prime time. I was there in September and got an amazing deal for spa month. 99$ massage and use of the facilities wahoo! It was yucky out but I checked out the pool anyway because it was there and included. There was nobody there! I was in the steam room and hot tub alone it was bliss!! I stayed away from the co-ed mineral pool where there were more people and did my thing. The staff was very nice the quiet room was relaxing as were the marble chairs near the hot tub. The massage was great with heated towel and bed. The showers were amazing and I loved the waterfall room where different pressures of water come out at you. I am going to Miami in a few weeks and booking my appointment here again. While I have to pay full price this time it is worth it. So relaxing and just great! The valet is 7$ I think for 8 hours cannot be beat!
Extravagant spa.  Highlights are the sauna; the rainforest showers with marble benches; the cozy semi-private room of chaise lounge chairs with fluffy white blankets. Awesome!
One of the nicest I've been to, you can get lost in the place and just relax.  My favorite was the rain room. Yeah, I'm the guy who lays down on the bench and just enjoys it.  Man it was nice. Caution: I went for something different, not sure on the exact name, some kind of Russian massage (deep tissue is what I thought) I was sore for two days, it wore me out but...it felt great also.  Yes, you get what you pay for with this place.  Very nice worth the trip and investment.
By far the best spa I've experienced. The facilities were amazing. It was clean, spacious and everything was provided: lockers, robes, sandals, towels, buffet of fruits, nuts, tea and water. My favorite part would have to be the waiting room beds after you get done with your treatment. The mineral soak was excellent. I soaked in that tub for a while with cold cucumber slices over my eyes w/ fruit to enjoy. I really love that we get access to the pools and beach even if you aren't staying at the hotel. I think this is the best spa month deal. It includes so much in the deal. My friends and I stayed in the spa for hours. We didn't want to leave!
Loved my spa day at Lapis. I agree with just about every single reviewer below about the greatness that is spa. This comment is to give future visitors some tips on their visit to the spa. First of all, get there early!!! Especially on the weekends as locals and tourists flock the spa and it gets really busy and less zen-like with all the chatter. The spa has great healthy snacks like trail mix, lots of fresh fruit and teas that are great replenishers in between treatments and spa lounging. I had the Hot Rocks massage and it was heavenly. It was my first time getting one so I told my masseuse that I was sensitive to heat, thank God I did! She turned down the heat on those rocks, and although they were very hot, her rhythmic movement of the massage was excellent. My only complaint during my massage was that the masseuse ran out of lavender oil, hello, are we not in Miami best spa??? How do you run out of a spa staple like that!!! Other than that, the whole experience was wonderful.
This  spa is a gigantic glass mosaic masterpiece.  Individual steam showers-WHAT!? OMG-Varied temperature rain shower walkway-women's and co-ed....mineral/sea algae infused whirlpool that you can practically swim laps inl! Heated solid marble loungers...fruits and nuts and teas and fruit infused water...amazing spa treatments...steam room, sauna...cucumber topped cold towels....comfy robes...too many to list here.   I only took off one star because it is crazy expensive. $$$$$$! But definitely worth the splurge if you hang out for the day.
If I could do zero stars I would. So our experience with this spa started like this: We got an email stating we got two free massages with our booking at the hotel. We called into the spa and booked the massages and referred to the email in our telephone conversation. We show up at the spa Sunday am for our massage. Walk in (and mind you we had rearranged plans the night prior and the AM of so that we would not be late for our early am massages) and they had our names but then they tell us that the email they had sent us was in error and that we were not able to get these massages. My sister and I were livid. We asked them why didn't they call us? or email us? and tell us about this "error" and they had no explanation for this. So we asked to speak to the manager - some lady who had no clue how to treat guests. She accused us of trying to get "free stuff" I honestly could not have been more insulted. Who was this crazy lady to accuse us of trying to get "free stuff" when all we did was respond to an email they had SENT us and we had called in, booked the appt (and referred to the email during the phone conversation) and they didnt even have to audacity to call us and let us know of their mistake. These people are fools, unprofessional and this spa needs to be shut down. or they need to hire people capable to properly running a business. I go to spas almost every other week and have never come across such stupidity.
I booked a surprise anniversary couples my husband and i received "our better late then never" wedding gift from my brother-in-law. It was so worth the wait. We had our massages here and even Do we've had better massages else where we did like it but we really loved the luxuries it had offer. Our two masseuses were nice. After our massages, we both had some alone time where i enjoyed the jacuzzi and inhaled a bunch of dried fruit, iced water with lemon and another with oranges and fruit in the designated snack area.   I love pineapple! Later on we met at the co-ed pool and rain showers... Very cool!    Every possible bathroom accessory was available at this spa and there was even a steam option in your individual rain shower. I've been to a few spas but I definitely recommend this one and the ritz Carlton in south beach!
I went during Miami Spa month and the service was exceptional! The hot stone massage was out of this world and super relaxing. My friend and I chose this place b/c you get pool access after your spa service. Another plus is the co-ed pool area in the spa - that way we got to hang out with our significant others after our services! I had such a great time and I will definitely be returning for another service soon!
I took my husband to the Lapis Spa for his birthday...Spa Month was a nice perk too!! This is my second time at this spa. It is beautiful, although a bit crowded during Spa Month. Lots of dirty towels laying around and lots of giggling girls.... Our massages weren't until 3pm...but we checked in early, used the pool, ate lunch, walked on the beach, then went back to the spa to relax before our treatments. My Swedish massage was fabulous. I've had a lot of massages and this was truly one of the best I've had. I'm a Spinning Instructor and an avid cyclist so I massages are my thing!! My massage therapist was Roman and he was fabulous...he found all of my knots and worked my tight muscles perfectly. I will request him when I go back.
My husband and I went to Lapis a few month back and I am just getting around to writing this!! It was during spring break and as you can imagine, the Fontaineblue was packed. We booked a couples massage and everything went smoothly until we laid down for the massage. The room next to us had a few ladies in there who were hanging out in their soaking tub after their massages. They were so loud, dropping f-bombs and just being flat out obnoxious. I had to stop my massage twice to ask my therapist if there was anything she could do to get them to lower their voices. Both times she tried but was unable to get them to quiet down. They were paying customers just having a good time, unfortunately the walls were so thin I had to listen to it throughout my entire massage, not relaxing at all!! After our services, which were fantastic otherwise,  I pulled the manager aside and explained to her what we experienced. Her (I'm sorry I do not remember her name) solution to our unhappiness far exceeded our expectations. It was very unexpected, but exactly how unsatisfied customers should be treated, especially when you are paying top dollar for a service. There are many nice spas in Miami and on the beach to choose from, but the level of customer service  we experienced at Lapis was stellar and completely sets them apart. Not to mention the facilities are fantastic!!!
I went here on a saturday during miami spa month and surprisingly it wasnt that busy. I was a little nervous due to the mixed reviews on here but i have to say it was amazing. I got a hot stone massage and Nancy did an excellent job. I will be bringing my mother here next month for her birthday. The only bad thing was that no one gave me a tour of the place so it was annoying having to ask where things are. If it wasnt for yelp i wouldnt even have known they had a pool.
The Lapis spa is one of the best spas I have been to.  One of my favorite things there is the rain tunnel. You walk through this shower while it changes the rain type, it is very relaxing. The Mineral Water Jet Bath is so soothing......The heated Hammam Bench is super comfy and relaxing. They have a co-ed pool, which they usually don't have at other spas.  I did the lapis mineral soak and the swedish massage. It was wonderful. If you want to use the pool at the hotel, know its really packed and hard to find a chair, especially along the pool.
A great break from reality The Fontainebleau is like the Titanic of hotels in Florida. By the end of the day your almost overwhelmed by too much luxury and dollars spent. Us common folk really cant afford to rent a room here but the next best way albeit not cheap either is to get some type of spa package and relax and use all of the hotels luxuries for a day. Walking to the spa you see everything the hotel has to offer: the great architecture, the people, the bar, the clubs, the pool, Gotham, buffet area, and the crazily priced stores. Inside the spa is clean and high class for sure and they give you a locker and robe and you have access to razors, towels, fruit, water, nuts, a lounge with a TV, regular showers, jacuzzi, steam room, waterfall like shower, and lounge chairs. I felt like Junior Soprano lamping in there. This mentioned area is only available to men, the co-ed area just features a weakly heated pool, lounge chairs, and a nice warm waterfall shower. I wish they had a co-ed jacuzzi, but the good part is that you can come and go as you please from the spa to the hotel and the hotel features a huge pool and a jacuzzi that is open to the public. The wise move would be to go in a group where you also bring friends of the same sex so you can have someone to hang with in the jacuzzi and steam room. The steam room was my favorite part it it even had a cold shower located in the room, i felt brand new coming out of there. I had a couples massage and it was good but i should've ordered a deep tissue, when they went deep i felt i was getting my dollars worth for sure. There's direct access from the spa to a gym overlooking the beach, so bring gym shoes. Get your valet validated when your ready to leave because it expires after a few hours. Its worth the money spent for a gift idea because from 10am-6pm you're treated like you own the place and there is plenty to do and its close to everything great in Miami.
Loved it! It wasn't crowded at all and the staff were very friendly. I got the foot rehab pedicure, and my feet felt so good afterward. The facilities were great too!
I came to this spa for Miami spa month and was really disappointed. I really thought this would be a great choice considering it is at the Fountainebleu. When I got there the first thing I noticed was how packed it was. I want to say about 17 women were standing around waiting for their 1 o'clock appointments. This really takes away from the spa experience. I couldn't enjoy any of the amenities because they were all full. The spa room had a lot of light and multiple tables, and my masseuse kept talking to me so I felt there was nothing relaxing about the treatment. When I got back to my locker I realized my 50 min massage was only about 35 minutes which really upset me. They also charged you before you began you treatment which I found weird and they include a 20% "service charge".
this spa was a-ok but nothing spectacular!! i stayed at the fontainebleau this past weekend and had actually called twice before to inquire about spa treatments, i was never able to get thru to anyone. anyways it started raining, a lot, on friday so my friend and i decided to hit up the spa. we arrived and inquired about specials, they have 25% off deal weekdays from 12-4 , so we said perfect book us, she said sorry our first available appt is at 4. we thought exactly 12-4. she said no. we asked for manager who politely gave me the discount (since it was my birthday) but not my friend - she paid full price. so we checked in got our lockers. they didnt give us sandals bc we were already wearing some. we didnt get a tour of the spa and facilities and were left to figure it out on our own, luckily we are both spa experts and know the ins and out of spa etiquette. there are plenty of nice areas, steam room (which had a lot of chipped tiles), whirlpool tub, soak area, rain tunnel (out of order), co-ed pool, rain showers, heated loungers, snack room with a variety of fruits, nuts, teas, etc, and a tv lounge as well!! i got called right on time for my 4 appt, and was taken upstairs thru long dark hallways to my trmt room. my masseuse was super nice although she didnt ask how i liked the pressure or medical history etc, i spoke up and let her know anyways.. she had great hands and my aromatherapy hot stone massage was absolutely awesome and super relaxing!! when done i went back down showered and did my hair while i waited for my friend to finish her trmt. they have all the toiletries you could need, including razors, q-tips, blowers, and brushes. overall its a nice spa with average high end spa prices. but it wasnt a personable or luxurious experience.
I was here today with a friend to take advantage of the $99 Spa Month specials. The options included several massage options (swedish, bamboo or hot stone), a facial, or a combo package. My friend (Jan N) and I opted for the massages. I selected to have a hot stone massage and she the bamboo. The package also included access to the all spa and resort amenities, which we took full advantage of. However, this review is solely based on my experience in the Lapis Spa. To begin, when I entered the spa area, I immediately felt like I was in a Navarro discount pharmacy. The entrance of the spa was filled wall to wall and down the center isle with an assortment of perfumes, body lotions, spa products, nail polishes, hair accessories, lingerie and other cachi vachis. it really looked out of place and didn't fit it with the whole "chic" euro spa ambience. Usually spas will have a store offering spa products, with one specific brand. But this was really all over the place, and quite unattractive. I guess this is some sort of gimmick to attract tourists, but for me it was quite an eye sore. So, after registering we were given a tour by a friendly employee. She showed us all the spa amenities we are able to use and directed us toward our lockers. After we changed into our robes and flip flops, we proceeded to the waiting area. Low and behold, there were was a group of about 15 girls waiting all for 11 am appointments. In waiting room #1, there were some refreshments such as nuts, strawberries, oranges, fruit infused water and tea. We waited for about 15 minutes before another employee came in to do a roll call. I literally felt like I was about to go on a tour excursion or field trip. Next, we proceeded up stairs to waiting room #2 along with the party of 15+. There was hardly any space to sit.  Most were standing waiting around for there technician to call them for their appointment. At this point, I really wasn't feeling relaxed but more anxious that I would not hear my name called.  But  I went in to my hot stone massage with an open mind. My tech, Martin, was very friendly and made me feel really comfortable. I have relaxation issues and am naturally tense 24/7. He took note of this and really tried to make me feel at ease. His technique was really good and he was very attentive to stress areas. I did enjoy the massage very much. Following my 50 minute massage, we decided to try out the other "free" amenities included in the package. Its a very aqua based spa. Most of their amenities include water. We dipped in a hot tub for about 20 mins, then went to the rain showers, the eucalyptus sauna, and then to the mineral pool. By this point we were watered out and pretty much over with the spa and decided to venture outside. Was it worth the $90? Probably not. I've had more relaxing experiences at other places without the hefty price tag. I really had higher expectations of the spa perhaps thats why I left a bit disappointed.  It was too crowded and busy for me to have a true relaxing experience.  The tacky set up in the front was also a total turn off.
I d really love to say it was great experience as I love the hotel, I however have to say I have experienced far better service in other places. I had manicure done, it took 20 minutes to complete, two days later it is starting to come off. Although it is beautiful, clean and calm place, I will try somewhere else next time.
I spent a very nice day, had a massage and enjoyed the different water journeys they offer. My only complaint is that they ran out of fresh fruit and did not put more, at least until I left...For the reputation and the price they charge they should make sure to always have water and fruit for their guests.
Beautiful Spa and tranquil atmosphere. Plan on spending the whole day at this spa, they give you a pass at the front desk to use the pool facilities also for the day. .(not big on the tacky bracelet they make you wear if you go). The Hot tub and rain shower were awesome. My sister visited from up North and she loved it. We both had massages. I picked the Aromatherapy one. They pour oil over your head and hair, supposed to relax your "third eye"., the whole experience was lovely. But I have to say...the price of $170.00 for a 50 min massage was STEEP! They add tax AND Gratuity automatically. It's normally $140.00 to start.  Get ready to spend. I wouldn't normally go here for just a massage because of the cost but on a special occasion is a great place.
My girlfriend and I went on a Wednesday in August, which is during Miami Spa Month, where selected 'treatments' were $99, which turned into $120 after a service charge, and $140 after a tip. I have never had a massage, so I selected a 50-minute hot stone massage. Since we went during the "dead" time of the "dead" Summer season, they also included a free soak in a mineral tub. You enter this utopia, and are welcomed to complimentary snacks, fruit-infused water, and assorted fruits. The facilities you have access to are amazing. I had free reign to use the jacuzzi, sauna, rain shower, and the world-famous "Scarface" pool. The mineral soak was nice, but the water was a bit too hot for my sun-burned shoulders. The spa attendant basically fills a tub of water with 104 degree water infused with minerals and oils. You are supposed to sit in the bath for about 45 minutes. Then the attendant tells you the time is up, and to rinse off. You then wait to get around for the massage, which isn't too bad either. You are then escorted upstairs to a waiting room. Then the masseuse comes to get you, and escorts you into a dark room. You then disrobe and lie under a towel. At first I thought I had to lie on top of the towel, and was quickly chastised by the masseuse, who saw my naked body lying on the bed (LOL). She then took hot stones in oil and massaged most of my body for around 50 minutes. It was a very relaxing and enjoyable experience!
Give yourself plenty of time around your appointment to enjoy all the amenities this decadent spa in the Fontainebleau has to offer you! Valet Parking is discounted to 7 dollars for an 8 hour validation. Spend the entire time here! Massage - My boyfriend surprised me with a couples massage ($320 per couple) during our vacation in Miami and it was one of the best gifts I've ever gotten. We weren't staying at the Fontainebleau, but we got to take full advantage of it by booking a spa appointment.  I would recommend staying at a more affordable hotel on the beach and getting a spa day of Fontainebleau!   The deep tissue massage was so relaxing, the masseuses had a good knowledge of anatomy and concentrated on areas i asked them too. However, don't say firm if you don't mean it! There were points that I felt like she was really getting out knots, but it was not relaxing. However, by the end, I felt like I was floating on a cloud.   Spa Amenities - The reason to splurge on the spa is the amenities!!!!! They wisk you off to separate locker rooms where you change into a comfy robe and slippers.  In the women's room they have a hot tub, steam room, showers (with shampoo, conditioner, shave gel and body wash), sitting area with fruit infused water, nuts, fresh fruit, and tea. Everything is so beautiful and clean. There is also a long elements rain tunnel where massaging water envelopes your body.  I have attached a picture because it is so hard to describe.  There is also a solitaton room which is kept silent with comfy plush blankets. My boyfriend told me the men's room had a man cave where he watched part of the football game. One downside, I wish more things were co-ed. There was a co-ed long heated pool, which seemed appropriate for laps, but seemed silly because I couldn't do that since there were always people sitting in it. Also there is an area with two benches where warm water pours from the ceiling massaging your entire body. We spent part of the day in the outdoor hot tub and pool. Try to explore around the hotel if you aren't staying there as a guest. Note for guys thinking of buying a spa day as a gift - treat your loved one with a spa day, and you will be sure to get brownie points. My boyfriend did,  but I won't share those details.
This spa was amazing! I loved their attention to details including the towels everywhere, the cucumber slices for your eyes & the fresh fruit and teas. I enjoyed all the amenities, especially the cascading rain section. This spa even gives you access to the hotel pools where you can relax and enjoy a great lunch. My massage with Nancy was wonderful. She was very thorough and professional. I can't wait until my next visit!
I visited the spa during spa week, so i was able to get a really nice 3 in one package for a very nice price.  The package included a soak, facial, and pedicure.  There were also lots of other things to explore while waiting.  This spa was so lavish... I can't wait to go back to Miami, so I can visit this place again...
In America, the best spa I've been too. I had the body scrub and facial done at lapis and both were great. I'd probably pass on the scrub in the future, but it was, nonetheless enjoyable. Compared to the scrubs done in Arab baths, it was lacking a little, so if that's your base, you're not missing much.  If however, you've never had one, you'd probably like the experience. On the the facial.  I had the tailor made facial by Amanda.  I kind of lucked out, b/c she recently moved to Miami from the city I recently moved to, so she understood my skin and skin concerns better than I could have anticipated. She assessed my skin, applied fabulous (an inexpensive!) products and did the high- frequency something or other.  My skin was amazing as I walked out of the treatment. Forget the old adage of "don't get a facial the day of a big event". My skin looked and felt brand new. So good, I booked a facial for my husband for the next day. He was seen by Lisa, who he also raved about.  I know she used the high-frequency on him as well.  I can't say much about the details of his facial, but he has a huge in-grown hair issue on his neck, and when he walked out, his neck was clearer than I've seen it in 7 years. I was amazed! Unfortunately we only get to MIA about twice a year, but a trip to see Amanda and Lisa will become priority on each visit. I don't think I need to say much about the spa itself.  Beautiful, relaxing, water therapy everywhere.  A GREAT way to spend a rainy day in south florida! In short, highly recommend the tailor made facial.
My favorite spa in Miami hands down. This is the best spa to go to if you're going with company. The relaxation areas and different facilities (mineral bath, co-ed pool, rain tunnel etc) are fabulous. The treatments are okay but the main plus to this spa is the fact that you can hang out here all day relaxing. The only downside for me was the lack of food service. At other spas, the concierge will order you food off of the restaurant menu and bring it to you at the spa. At this spa, you have to physically get dressed and leave the spa and find an overpriced restaurant at the fontaine bleu - that's where they lost a star. Otherwise, a nice place for girlfriends to unwind together. Not bad for couples either.
Was so excited about a spa day here because from the website the water facilities looked amazing but I left tense and irritated rather than relaxed and rejuvenated. First off all temperatures in the spa were not warm enough. The hot tub was actually cold and when I asked the attendant she responded "we keep it at that temperature" When I asked "are you sure" she stuck her hand in and said "oh no let me call maintenance"...it never warmed up. There is also no place to sit or lodge yourself in the tub, as another reviewer mentioned, other than the steps. The temperatures of the rain bath and steam room weren't hot either, although the water pressure in the smaller rain room is amazing. So basically I tried them all, then spent the next 15 minutes before my massage shivering as my hair was wet and it was cold in the spa. The masseuse was nice and covered me in extra hot towels to warm me up but it's hard to relax when you're freaking freezing. Massage was good, nothing fantastic but she was sweet and it was decent. I had hoped the water facilities would have warmed up when I came back down but they didn't. I tried to sit in the lounge chair and relax but  the attendees giving spa tours were practically screaming out the facilities as they passed them. Ugh! I head to the steam showers, surprise they're not working!  So, I take a regular one. I enter the locker area to be greeted by women on their cell phones and non stop chatter. Did I mention the spa was playing really loud club music...because they were. I get that we are in Miami but come on. On my way out I told the guy at the front desk that because I was so cold it was not the best experience to which he responded "oh that's because we are having a cold front in Miami and the spa is not equipped to handle such temperatures." It was 67 degrees...I didn't have the heart to tell him. Time to check out - They advertised that gratuity was included in my spa package, yet i was charged an addt'l 20% for it. Next they tell me that this 20% is a spa service fee that's divided up amongst all spa employees so i should leave an addt'l tip for my masseuse. Hmmmm, shall I pay the electric bill too? Next day I call back & guest services puts me in touch with the spa manager who offers to credit me $30, since that's what they charge for the water facilities. She did however feel the need to repeatedly tell me that she had been in the spa the day before and was not cold herself. Clearly being upfront in a business suit with your hair dry is the same as 'relaxing' in a wet bathing suit as you try not to drown yourself (or wet your hair) in a seatless, cold hot tub. Sooo not worth your money people.
I had been dying for a day at the spa and was trying to decide which one to go to. I had been really curious about Lapis, and since it was spa month I decided to call and book a couple's massage. It was sooo ridiculously packed, that it took the whole relaxing element from the experience. The women's locker room was insane, just a bunch of women throwing robes everywhere, walking around half naked and talking very very loudly over each other. It was a little uncomfortable in there but I should've known since the Fountainebleu is a huge hotel fullll of tourists. The spa attendant wasn't the most helpful considering the fact that she gave me a locker that didn't work. Correction: Most/All of the lockers don't work. It was a mess. I had to bother her a few times because I couldn't get the code in, and I thought I was just a moron because she made me feel like one until she also realized that all the lockers are broken and don't lock. The co-ed area is nice, its just a long pool with a rain shower which is pretty nice. When we went up for our couples massage, let's just say the treatment room looks a lot nicer online that what it really is in person. The 2 masseuses that attended us were fabolous; too bad that there was suppoused to be a DJ performance the following day (Steve Angello) and it just happened to be that they were building the stage and testing the sound equiptment exactly where the couples massage treatment room is. How is that suppoused to be relaxing when you're trying to close your eyes, enjoy the silence and the massage and you just hear Sean Paul blow up out of no where? It made my experience really really unpleasant. After our treatment we showered and left, and let me just add that the products in the Lapis showers aren't good. They feel like cheap hotel shampoo and conditioner. Overall, my experience was a little less than OK. I went in there expecting a lot more in every aspect, from the customer service to the experience as a whole. If you're looking to relax, don't come here because it's super packed and it kind of turned into a stressful experience for me. My boyfriend complained about the unpleasant noise outside our room and I was refunded $100.
I booked a last minute hot stone massage during the 4th of July weekend at the Spa Month price.  This is the first time was asked to pay for a massage (with gratuity) before service.  The staff was very friendly and gave me a tour of the spa along with a robe and odd shaped (but cute) slippers.  The relaxation rooms had tea, water, fruit and nuts and I loved that the hot tub had a tray on cucumbers on ice - which I was about to eat but I saw someone put them over their eyes so I did the same.  This was my first hot stone massage and I wish I was warned that the stones are HOT.  So after my skin burned for the first 3 or 4 seconds I felt uber relaxed.  The 50 minute massage felt a little rushed but overall it was a wonderful expirence.
Love, love, love. My husband and I got a couples massage here and it was one of the best spa experiences I've ever had. We were staying in the hotel so the day before I was able to spend the afternoon enjoying the other spa services: hot tubs, mineral pools, rain showers, etc and it was fantastic. The staff is friendly and helpful and they have fruit flavored water (oranges, strawberries - YUM) and a simple buffet of nuts and fruit that you can enjoy. Pamper yourself and make an appointment!
Great spa facilities!  I was staying with friends who live in the area, I booked a facial and had access to all of the hotel's facilities for the day.  It was a perfect activity while my friends were at work.  Insanely high tech state of the art gym, very attentive pool staff, access to the beach.  The spa itself was wonderful.  They had a spacious lounge and great whirlpool to hang out in while you wait for your treatment.  Special shout out to their steam room, which I didn't get to spend as much time in as I would have liked.  Best advice is to go early so that you can take advantage of all the facilities, especially if you are not staying at the hotel.
Staying at the hotel for the 2011 Miami Marathon. Hotel will not honor a request for late checkout knowing that most marathoners cannot possibly return in time to check out of shower. Their answer is to check out at 4:30 AM prior to the marathon and they will give you a discount to the spa for a shower. Another words, you are paying for your shower. Believe it or not they consider themselves a sponsor of the event. Handled terribly. Wont return.
Wow, Lapis was impressive! Loved the facilities. Very modern and clean... ample places to relax alone with your girls and there's also a huge mineral pool for your man to join you for a swim... massages fantastic and you can utilize the pool of the hotel, just get there earlier than later... or go to the beach! fantastic- lapis five stars.
I have to say that this year for my birthday I really was a lucky girl. I have the bestfriend a girl could ask for. A few days before my birthday my bestfriend was like how about we do a spa day I immediatetly was thrilled for  my stress levels were reaching boiling point. We arrived and started off with a mineral soak, I had just done a keratin treatment so there was no way I could wet my hair and the spa attendants were super helpful in protecting my hair. They provide you with cucumbers for your eyes some lemon water and a plate full of delicious ripe fruit. Next we did a swedish massage, the massage therapist was delightful she asked me for my problem areas and focused and relieved a lot of tension. Then we had a break for lunch and enjoyed it poolside along with some cocktails and shots! After getting a lil tipsy we ventured of to the salon and got mani/pedi's we laughed and joked with the nail technicians and my lady did an amazing job. Ofcourse after that we head back to the poolside bar for some more drinks and shots and end to a perfect day. I really felt like a lucky girl!
Regarding the facilities I would say it is beautiful, spacious and located in a hot spot. However the lack of customer service is definitely there... I enjoyed their services, although not the best I have got (deep tissue massages) but being from out of town, 2nd time going back there, pregnant, looking forward to a fantastic relaxing time, I have to say that I was and still am EXTREMELLY disappointed that because of a conference that was going on at the hotel, it took me about 20 minutes to park my car (valet was super packed and slow), another 5 to 10 minutes to get to the SPA and sign in and with that being said, needless to say that I lost 30 minutes of my massage and they did not care at all talking excuses about their policy. As an experienced SPA guest, I know what being on time is and that they do not comp for the time you have missed, however this was by far not my fault and I think they should have considered giving me the full hour, especially because IT WAS NOT BUSY being a Monday afternoon... if it was on a weekend I could understand but I would never even book an appointment on a weekend as I know how busy and it is definitely not the same than a calming week day... NOT GOING BACK AT ALL. There is a lot of choices out there and I will never recommend this place again as I know many of other places excellent in the Miami area.
Uh-mazing.  I had such a relaxing time here, the spa is absolutely beautiful and all the amenities that come along with it are great.  My hubby and I spent almost the entire day here and fully enjoyed it.  We got the couple swedish massage, I had to tell my masseuse to use more pressure on me since I'm so used to getting deep tissue, but she did a decent job.  I liked it when she massaged my legs with warm oil, it was very soothing.  My favorite part of my experience here is how they give you passes to go to Fontainebleau's pool and private beach.  We laid out by the beach for an hour then went back to the spa to use their rain shower, hot tubs, and steam room.  We also worked out for a bit in their beautiful ocean front gym.  The gym is equipped with new and advanced workout machines, I was impressed.  After all that pampering I went into the lounge and sipped on some mint tea w/ honey, munched on some delicious fresh fruits and nuts, and dozed off for a bit w/ cucumber slices on my eyes.  The staff here is also super friendly and helpful.  It was perfect!
Went here with a BIG group, I'm talking total group of almost 1000.  We had pre-paid spa packages.  I thought the service would be rushed BUT Isabel was very professional and did a fabulous job with my mani/pedi.  There was minimal wait time, and I got to use the Water Journeys spa to boot!  Overall great experience.
I guess everyone's experience isn't the same. I stayed at the Fountainebleau while I was on vacation so I decided to spend one whole day at the spa, and I had a wonderful experience. I got a mineral soak, massage, facial, and manicure. The soak was mediocre but it was relaxing and I fell asleep. The massage and facial were both great. There was nothing special about the manicure (just a regular one). Everyone that provided service was friendly and really good. The rain shower was great as well as the pool, steam room, and hot tub. The snacks (nuts, fruit, etc.) were good. I really like that they have all the toiletries you need. I ended up having to change robes 3 times that day because I kept getting the wet, and the staff didn't mind. The only complaint was the price. I think the service is overpriced (compared to other spas I've attended). But when I stay at the Fountainebleau (which I love), I will visit Lapis Spa again.
I looooved this place!  The locker rooms are clean and bright.  The lounging/waiting rooms are comfortable with plush white loungers and had a great selection of magazines.  The snack area had a plate of fresh strawberries and sliced oranges, mixed nuts, herbal tea and lemon water.  Yum!  I got the Lapissage, which includes the Mineral Soak.   The Mineral Soak wasn't super relaxing - the tub shape is not the best for just lying back and taking a nap.  I just read a mag while I was in there.  Not sure if the minerals were doing anything.  But it was nice sitting in a warm bubble bath with a plate of fresh fruit (fresh strawberries, orage slices and pineapple) and a glass of lemon water.  Yes, they put a plate of goodies next to you.  After about 25-30 mins, the girl working there let us know that it was time for the body scrub - essentially rinsing off, lathering yourself with Lapis' scented body scrub and washing off under their rain-showerheads.  That was nice and refreshing, and made me think about how nice it would be to get a body scrub as my treatment - it's a lot more relaxing when someone else is doing the scrubbing for you!  My massage was awesome.  The Lapissage is a relaxing massage, using melted shea butter (it was basically a candle of shea butter that was dripped on and massaged into the skin), chakkra? stones and a lapis stone.  The massage was very relaxing, especially the scalp massage.  I fell asleep towards the end.  I forgot my masseuse's name, but she was wonderful!  I used the water ritual elements afterwards.  The eucalyptus steam room was perfect and the massive rain shower (probably 18 X 30 ft) was fun.  I went on a monday morning/afternoon and there weren't too many customers, so it was nice and relaxing.  All of the staff were really nice, pleasant and warm.  I have nothing bad to say about this spa.  I didn't get to spend enough time here since I needed to catch a flight (I had to rush out of there because I was having such a good time!).  I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in Miami.
We booked a couples massage for 50 mins for the early evening. We enjoyed the spa facility in the am and everyone was friendly and it was clean. When we returned around 430pm to use the facility before our massage I found the spa attendants to not be as friendly and the place was dirty. The only thing I saw the attendants do was empty towel bins and fill lotion bottles. There were cups and used towels everywhere and not to mention you couldn't find a clean towel anywhere. There were used cucumbers sitting in the steam room with used towels as well. The water in the jacuzzi was cloudy. I requested a deep tissue and it was more like a Swedish. The masseuse did a lot more of compressions, chopping and rocking than actual massage. Very very disappointing for the price that was paid.
