Great gym!!! Very clean and organized well. Great selection of equipment and layout. They have trainers wearing blue shirts on the floor to help if you have questions on form or how to use a machine. I have started with a trainer and am very happy with the high standard they hold their trainers too!!  You get what you pay for.
Very clean, great location, free parking, friendly staff, spa is nice, very nice bathrooms/locker room area.   Downsides:  its on the small size, some of the machines and equipment are showing their age, and very crowded since David Barton closed.  I've been a member for 7 years since it opened and some of the equipment has been with me the whole time and could use a refresh.   Overall though, its still the best gym in south beach.
Best gym bathroom I've ever been in. They have fresh towels for you, private mirrors stations with outlets, blow dryers and gel. Premium shower stalls, soft floors no cheap wall tiles and scum soap. Natural Kiehls products that you can use for your hair, face and body. The training area is a little small but ok. Nothing like the old and beautiful but now closed David Barton gym which i miss. Eye candy is abundant and a selling point. Eucalyptus Towels make me feel refreshed. Attentive very friendly staff. Sexy location. Gives you a reason to love working out. Not cheap at around $140.- pm but worth it. Two thumbs up.
Everything is great until you try to cancel your membership.  They tell you that you have to come in and are down right unhelpful!!   Buyer Beware!  If you want to cancel you have to be local!
High fees (around 110 PCM ) for high quality. Lovely well lit space with bathrooms equipped with designer Bliss toiletries , razors, mouthwash, seriously. Free parking in week, reduced fee on weekends. Lots of exciting classes from acro yoga to Zumba.  Nice range of equipment, wifi and large tv's. People there tend to fAll into the model/actress category with some with steroid like veins popping. Staff super helpful but can be intimidating - class levels vary a lot; one yoga class involved back bends , handstands and ... A couple kissing while upside down. Yeah,really. Good to get your sweat on but if you're not size 2 or below you will feel invisible.  Worth it if you have the cash.
a multitude of SNOBBISH Racist Narcissistic Jerks in this place....the $150 per month is not worth it.....although the steam room is well-kept and the equipment is up to date....the trainers will be your FRIENDS until you choose not to pay them $1200 to make them your trainer....then it's "F*** YOU!"....they promise to give you free shirts for joining but never have them in stock....the managers are useless here. Parking here is pretty tricky too.
Pricey but worth it.  Very clean.  Best gym in South Beach.
This is a nice little Equinox located in the heart of South Beach. While not the biggest or newest Equinox I have visited on my travels they were by far the friendliest. Generally the memberships are local and you have to pay a semi-outrageous fee of $35 to visit as a guest even when you are already a member. The people running the check in counter were so friendly they waived me through and told me not to worry about it. If you have been to the location in the Back Bay of Boston the layout and look is extremely similar. You won't be disappointed with this gym.
Let me begin this much needed update by stating that Equinox is much more than a gym and what I mean by that is the simple fact that the management and staff view their members as an extended family and it was only through a recent hardship that I was able to make this amazing discovery. I talked to management about a personal issue (not gym related) I was having and they did not pass judgement and helped me come up with a solution and provided support I was not expecting. This sounds like a straight forward, uninspiring story but that is so far from the truth. My personal trainer, Tony P. (I will get to him in a bit), the GM, Chris G., and everyone else involved were completely understanding and took the time out to listen and help me. I don't know about you but I would never expect a gym to be an extra support system in my life but equinox has proven to take on that role and they've done it exquisitely. I'm currently in the process of trying to convert to a healthier life style and Tony has followed me through this continuous journey every step of the way, encouraging me to be the best version of myself (no easy feat). Being a soccer player, I have several injuries (including turf toe and shoddy knees) that prevent me from doing routine exercises which are crucial to achieving my fitness goals. Luckily, Tony has the knowledge and skills to modify all of my workouts to make them more comfortable given my circumstances while still providing the same effective outcome. He has helped me to correct my form and is always positive even when I'm not, which is exactly what I need. The biggest compliment I can pay to Tony is that I know I WILL accomplish my goals with his support. I truly love Equinox and I will retract what I wrote at the end of my previous review; equinox IS worth the money. Even if this was not a benefit offered to me through my employer I would still sign up and be a member. Trust me when I say that this gym can serve as the best platform to execute your fitness goals. As for Chris, the GM, thank you a million times for your kindness and support. You are inspiring and sincerely an asset to the Equinox family. Never change!
This is my one year anniverary at Equinox and the best part of the gym is the staff. They are very friendly and supportive. It took me a while to get going but I met trainer Ray Lopez and he got me moving again with no judgements. I love that he got me to do new types of excercises that I didn't think possible! I am not a big yelper but I feel Equinox deserves a shout out! Thank you Equinox team!! PS it is super clean too a big added bonus :-)
In between running next to A Rod and stretching beside Pauly Shore, I've really grown to love Equinox. The open floorplan offers a more-inviting-than-usual gym atmosphere while the spare room near the spinning room and group exercise studio features ploymetric blocks, a big ol' punching bag and enough jump ropes to satisfy Mr. Balboa. Today's favorite discovery happened in the women's locker room though (where I've only ventured into for the first time after a year of being a member)... alas, there it was, the steam room. Walking into the locker room was akin to staying at the W Hotel: chic, contemporary, spa-like and generally cool. Love this gym.
I love equinox! Perfect location in the heart of South Beach. I typically attend the yoga classes and sometimes get a deep tissue massage at the spa. There are fitness classes for everyone's work out preference and of course cardio and weight machines!
As a member of Equinox in NYC, this Miami outpost is one of the better locations in the chain. Located right on the tip of South of Fifth this place is definitely a clean medium sized gym that has all you will really need. Though there is a lack of hardcore equipment, i.e. a better leg press, more benches, and power racks, this place has more than enough to get the job done. Sufficient amount of cardio equipment as well, locker rooms here are very clean and well maitained. Saw Carlos Boozer training here last time I trainedand even picked up some hot Brazilian with a bumper similiar to that found on a Buick. Many of the members here are light in the loafers which some people can find annoying, but plenty of milfs and "Kept" miami housewives to balance it out. Also saw a chick who trained here who looked like Bo Jackson in a wig, talk about intimidating, definitely know who I would look to hire if I needed a female bodyguard or mercenary for that matter. There is a juice bar in the front of the gym that makes a damn good shake. Only downside is it cost 8+ bucks before tip, talk about a rip off!! This is probably the only gym I'd train in while in Sobe.. David Barton is nice but they charge about 50 bucks per day for a guest pass. If your staying in Brickell stick to LA Fitness at the Four Seasons, that place is top notch in my opinion and has some of the hottest and most beautiful broads on the beach.
Scam! I went to the spa for a massage during vacation and they charged both my friend and I twice for the massage. When we called to get it fixed they just kept saying that the spa manager was at lunch every time we called, and it wasn't at lunch time. I had to call my credit card company to dispute the charges. This has been quite a hassle. Despite this, Sandra gave me the best massage I ever had. Too bad she works at such an unprofessional spa! I've never been scammed like this before, but I truly believe that they double charge thinking people don't check their credit card bills. I'm sure they have probably gotten away with it so they keep doing it. I believe the front desk people are on to it too since they quickly feed you the line that the manager is at lunch no matter what time you call. If you go here be prepared to pay double if you charge it!
There really is no gym like Equinox. This is the best club out of the three in Florida. The locker room (as with the rest of the gym) is always immaculately clean. Only once have I seen it messy and that's because it was a new employee who didn't know how things work at Equinox. It's always fully stocked with Kiehl's moisturiser, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, mouth wash, and apparently everything you need should you wish to shave too... though I do that at home so idk if something's missing or not there lol. It's also secure.. while its not advised, many people leave their belongings in lockers without a lock and don't think twice about it.. probably because if the members can afford a $150 membership, they don't need to steal to get by.. Equinox also restricts guests so it's usually the same crowd which only further adds to the comfort and security. The machines are always in working/clean order, they're plentiful and the latest and greatest. VERY rarely have I ever needed to queue up for a machine. There is always at least one "floor trainer" available to assist you should you require them for something minor. Parking validation is 100% M-F (until 12:01pm) and 50% F (after 12:01pm)-Su. Being right on South Beach, this is in-line with everything else so no points will be deducted for needing to pay for parking. Everyone's beautiful.. but this is SoBe.. so that's not really out of the ordinary.. just a nice bonus for your eyes whereas at some other gyms you may be more inclined to gouge your eyes. It's one of the more expensive gyms, but if you can afford it, absolutely check it out. If you're ghetto, scream when lifting, like to slam weights, a creep or a slob, David Barton is right up the street for you!
Best gym bathroom I've ever been in. They have fresh towels for you, private mirrors stations with outlets, blow dryers and gel. Premium shower stalls, soft floors no cheap wall tiles and scum soap. Natural products that you can use for your hair, face and body. Two thumbs up.
Small, cramped, expensive, rude managers and noisy yoga studio! Equinox in ny city s great but they are awful in Miami.   They also cut back on classes so they were also packed! Chris the new Gm has really made this gym wonderful!
Just joined this gym and thoroughly LOVING IT!!!!  It's clean, never crowded, friendly, accessable, right temperature, right mood, right EVERYTHING..... They have good flat screens above the cardio equipment, the dumbells and weights are always put away - no one's screaming their head off...a nice juice bar, ample supplied locker room.   They have available matts I pull from the aerobics room to do stretches and abs anytime I wish.  The long hours are great.  Just awesome-ness - all the way around ;)
Wow. This place is super nice. I've been to the other 2 Equinox locations in Florida and they were mediocre. Now this one is freakin' awesome. Located right next to the beach, it just gives that super chill feeling while you work out. This location is pretty spacious. Parking is above the gym, but don't worry about the fees. You do get your parking validated. Very clean gym, and not crowded during the time that I went (11am). You'll find the same things you'd find at every other Equinox, but this one isn't located in a shopping center or mall like the other 2 locations. All in all, THIS spot is where I'd go when I come back to Miami. Awesome gym in a great location.
They have everything you need. Great equipment, clean and never crowded. I usually never take s bath at the gym, however, everything is so deliciously clean and neat here that I look forward to my steam bath and shower after workout. The one negative thing is that if you have an injury be cautious with the advice and especially the overly confident trainers. On my one session with a trainer that didn't quite understand my back injury I ended up hurting my back and had to get recovery acupuncture done to function again. So - if injuries avoid the trainers. Other than that a good experience.
Everything a gym should be.   Clean, well-managed, courteous staff and members.  They always have up to date equipment and best of all, its a comfortable and motivating place where I can work out. I love this gym.
Great gym very clean new equipment and well maintained locker rooms.  A little pricey at $150 per month for a gym, as the club isnt very big and only offers weights, steam and cardio.
THE WORST. Signing up to this place is like making a deal with the devil.  Sure the equipment is nice and the classes are good, but you have to enter into a 1 year contract with them, and are not allowed to cancel it unless you MOVE or HAVE A DOCTORS NOTE (any doctors note wont due, make sure your doctor brings it in himself). Once you do try to cancel after a year, they will ignore your phone calls, emails and pretend to always be busy. The fine print in your contract says that they can automatically charge your account whenever they feel like it basically, and do not have to send you an email to let you know in advance. This is why i was charged for an additional month after my cancellation from the gym- and i am still waiting to receive my $147! Basically, this is like dealing with the rest of the people that try to screw you; cell phone companies, cable companies, etc. GOOD LUCK.
I stopped in while in SoBe on a business trip to see if I could get a temp membership.  The staff were extremely helpful and welcoming, and told me that a 3-day pass would be free with the purchase of a Spa service (minimum $100 purchase).  Best. Deal. Ever!!  Had a fantastic aromatherapy massage to soothe my aching back (carrying all those bags, those terrible airplane seats, stress, etc.), and 3 fantastic workouts in this immaculate, hi-tech gym with a fabulous steam room.  Katie was the best; she helped me choose the package--and remembered my name the next time I stopped in!  It's the little things, people...
The best gym I've ever belonged to, hands down. The fitness classes and teachers are great - classes start at 6:30am and run until 8pm, which is perfect for before and after work. Staff is very friendly, the gym itself is exceptionally clean and well kept. They happen to have a partnership with Kiel's... So all the shower products are Kiel's which is a huge bonus!
Just signed up a couple of weeks ago and I am VERY happy so far. They have EXACTLY what I need...good classes, good equipment and a happy staff! They have something for everyone and every mood you might be in...
With my job, I eat. A lot. When I lived in Chicago, this wasn't an issue. I just put on sweaters, parkas and other tundra wear and kept the cupcakes coming. Now that I live in Miami, this is an issue. In a city where a.) it's hot and b.) people walk around wearing nothing, how can I keep mawing away at everything in sight like Pac-Man and retain my sexy? It was time to rejoin a gym. But, which gym? After a scaring (literally) experience with a Chicago gym, I was pretty gun shy when it came to making a commitment to workin' on mah fitness. I knew that I wanted a place that was relatively reasonable in price, had a good location that was close to my house (so that I'd actually go), wasn't full of intimidating members, was clean, had usable locker rooms, and hours that worked with my schedule. It may sound as though I was looking for a lot but when making a commitment like this, you want it to be right. Some gyms were too far. Others were too expensive. Some were broke down and decrepit. Others didn't have what I wanted. Some were feeder schools for Sanky Panky University. Others were straight up whorehouses. Ugh. What to do? Follow my boss to her gym, is what. Enter: Equinox. Admittedly, the ads with the fitness model librarian picking up a book in front of the bodybuilder business man gave me some pause, but if working out here promotes health, literacy and commerce, well, that's a win win win. I met with Chris, the location manager who'd moved here from NYC. He's awesome. He wasn't pushy. He listened to my needs/wants and made sure that this was something that could work for me. He took me around the club and showed me everything. If you're familiar with other (NYC/Chicago) Equinox locations, know that this is a bit smaller. There's no pool. There aren't any courts (basketball, racquetball, etc.). But there's a crapload of machines, free weights, cardio equipment, and class rooms. There are also trainers and massage therapists for your individual needs. It's not so busy that you have to wait for what you want. I'm usually able to get a good workout (in and out) in about an hour. The locker rooms are big, well-maintained and, thankfully, free of the kind of scenes that (literally) scared me in Chicago. I have decent muscle memory so I started to see improvements right away. Thing is, fitness has a dietary component that I just can't seem to get right. I like pizza... and beer... and tostones... and beans... and cheese. Hmm. When it comes to taking pictures, just shoot me from the neck up. Just kidding. I'm a sexy beast -- which is a good thing in a gym that's frequented by celebrities and porn stars. I mean, not that I *know* they're porn stars. I mean, not that I've ever seen such things. I mean, heeeey! Get your sexy on.
I have been a member off and on since 2008 and i can say that Equinox is the best gym on the beach. The staff is super friendly the members are courteous and there is a wide variety of classes and activities to never be bored. The gym itself is very modern and spotless. So from now on its only Equinox for me.
I usually don't write reviews other than about food but I have to in this case.  I've been an Equinox member for some time now and recently got the opportunity to try out some of the other local gyms - can't compare.  Equinox continues to offer the best customer service and hospitality out there.  Their staff is so outgoing and helpful it makes working out there such a pleasure and I just want to say how much I appreciate their team and facilities.
Recently after nearly becoming the Duke, I received two messages back to back asking about the parking validation at this location.  So, if two people are asking then it must be confusing.  This is how I understand it: Monday through Thursday:  Parking validation for 100% of the charge Friday 12:01 PM until Sunday:  Parking validation for 50% of the charge So, if you plan on working out during the 50% validation time, you might as well stay in South Beach for the night and take advantage because you'll pay just $7.50 for the whole night or if you stay just two hours! This club is well kept and doesn't suffer from "equipment vanishing" like the Aventura club.  You also have numerous windows, two Woodway treadmills, TechnoGym treadmills and recently updated locker rooms.  Up until recently, I had not been back to this club since 2010 and it has changed for the better.  The hours are the same on Friday (no 10:00 pm closing) and Saturday and Sunday this location closes at 9:00 pm. There is a nice little "nook" to the left as you enter up the staircase with a punching bag up all the time and some other TRX trappings.  It's also a great place to watch a crash or two on Collins. Of the current three clubs in Florida, I would say this is the best.  The manager, Chris G.,  clearly has good control of this club and governance of his pretty stellar staff.  The front desk (aside from the weekend crew) is excellent and welcoming and I've never seen the cleaning crew take a pause.  Are they IR-controlled androids?!?  O_o Now for some sick humor...  The men's locker room is well kept and clean.  I have absolutely no problem with the staff, my problem lies with some of the creepy members.  Yeah, I'll probably get some hate mail screaming that, "it's a damn locker room, Austincito!"  Yes, it is, and a certain degree of nudity is to be expected, but it's quite another thing to see Ol' Berny's recently bleached ass staring at you as soon as you open the slippery steamroom door.  And it's one of those staring-you-directly-in-the-face kind of things that you see immediately upon walking in and then promptly start to feel ill from within as you move farther and farther away from the crude offender.  And if it wasn't bad enough with the visual atrocities, then Ol' Berny goes on a five to ten minute heavy, heavy, heavy breathing session complete with I'm-getting-raped sounds followed by a toweless and awkward shower inside the steamroom with more crude sounds and full frontal nudity which sends myself and the others filing out and rolling eyes/shaking heads.  Of course Ol' Berny isn't his real name, I do not care what his name is, where's he's visiting from nor do I care to attend any Art Basel events with him!
I had a massage at the spa by Victor Martin and it was hands down one of the best massages I've ever gotten.
By far the cleanest gym I've ever been in. They constantly are cleaning and this is noticed by people like me and others. I actually shower there and am not concerned. Of course it's the most expensive gym on the beach but you get what you put into it. If you never use it then its a waste but if it helps you be healthy and happy then you cant beat that. David Barton was gross compared to this and Crunch is absolutely disgusting. Really is nothing like it around.
While I haven't actually tried out the gym at Equinox, I have been to the spa--and let me tell you, it is fantastic-o. Todd, my personal knot-reliever, was amazing. He used a blend of massage and stretching to get all my muscles back to where they should be: sans tension, stress, aches and pains. He started off exploring my neck, back and shoulders, seeking those tensed up areas of my body. Once he found where the knots were  hiding, he gave them a surrender or be rubbed away ultimatum, using a lemongrass massage oil along the way. Then Todd spent quality time on my feet, and what girl doesn't love a man who will rub her feet? Seriously? Neck, hands, legs, back ... all the bases were covered. And I'm feeling like a whole new person.
I hate working out but this place motivates me. Its super clean and big enough for you not too feel as though someone is on top of you the locker rooms are amazing the staff is friendly and their class are the best! LOVE this place. And they also have a parking garage which is free for the first two hours if your working out.
I go to Equinox in South Beach and I like it a lot because is a very well managed gym. Everything is very clean and is never crowded. The only thing I don't like is that this location does not have a pool or Pilates beds, other locations have them and they charge the same fee per month.
I have only been to Equinox gyms in NYC, but I was in town for Art Basel, so I wanted to give the South Beach location a try.  I brought a guest who said she was potentially interested in joining the gym, but at one of its NY locations, and the greeter quickly warned her, "Oh, South Beach is VERY different from New York."  And it was.  Physically, the gym has the same bones as its NYC counterparts:  new equipment, fresh ventilation, and gorgeous showers.  Things become a little different when it comes down to the patrons.  EVERYONE looked like either a model or a professional athlete.  Well, I take that back. Some people actually WERE  celebrities because we saw A-Rod working out with his trainer (no joke).  Overall, Equinox has lived up to its reputation with this gym and proved that their consistency continues to be their selling point.
This is by far the nicest gym I have ever been to.  It is never crowded, has new equipment and some of the best group/class instructors.  The spinning equipment is better than other gyms.  The spa/locker room is luxurious.  The only drawback is the membership fee!
HAPPY 20th Birthday Equinox! In honor of this big birthday I'll finally write your long awaited review! Sorry, I'm such a tease- I was holding out on you for over a year. How do I describe a place that gives me so many emotions? Pain, joy, pride, calmness, and exhaustion. What can I say...you're my favorite drug. I love OD-ing on endorphins here that keep me buzzing all day. Equinox is as sexy, cool, functional, result driven, and modern as any gym can be. It is always squeaky clean with Kiel's products always topped off in bathrooms and perfectly rolled, chilled towels. In a refrigerator. With heavenly scented Eucalyptus oil. There are Mac's in case you need to briefly check your email, dozens of magazines hot off the press, and free parking in garage. Also casual parties with great food/drink/DJ every few months. So yea, the shiny perks are great but that's not why you pay a premium to work out here....you want to sweat! The Equinox group prides themselves on getting you the results you want and aids this process with the industry's newest methods and machines. It's not the biggest gym on South Beach, but I've never been unable to find a machine I wanted. My favorite classes are Kettle Bell with Alex, Whipped with Geoff, Pilates with Diana, and Spinning with Terrence. In my opinion, Terrence is their shining star and his classes are always packed, bumping with great music. He goes above and beyond to connect with his 'riders'. Anybody can yell demands into a headset, but he strategizes the ride and always explains spinning terminology to newbies. The instructors and trainers I've interacted with have been professional and courteous. Periodically there are free personal stretching sessions or massages offered by trainers. If you can recruit a buddy to join the gym, you can also  score a hefty referral $ credit $. When I first joined, I was given a trainer to complete my EQUIFIT assessment as an attempt to sell training packages. The guy was a pumped up beefcake that didn't seem to have much knowledge of cardio training. Since I was focused on triathlon/running at the time, I totally lost interest in him and they lost a sale. So be sure to outline what your goals are and request a trainer with similar interest/knowledge. The only downsides are that spinning computers malfunction without being fixed, there's no pool, and early AM fitness classes are pretty scarce. Besides these quirks....Equinox is my Unicorn Gym!
I went several months ago with intentions of joining and was given a 1 week pass to try the gym. The sales person was very friendly and wasn't pushy. It was a pretty nice gym, and looked and felt mostly like a spa. I went many times during my trial membership and had a good experience most times. My one complaint is that the lifting area is pretty small. If there are 2 guys using the dumbbell/bench area, then there's really no room for anyone else. After some haggling, they were going to charge me $150 to join and $110 per month with a year contract. That seemed pretty steep to me, but I guess it's cheaper than what others pay. My friend pays $140!! I ended up joining David Barton because they were $89/month and there is a LOT more room for weights. Parking is included for free at Equinox, so it is actually cheaper than David Barton if you count that...as you have to pay parking at David Barton. I'm interested to know what others pay. Why isn't anyone putting that in their review?? Please when you post a review tell how much you pay. I could be persuaded to leave DB and join Equinox if they're willing to offer a good deal.
Equinox has to be the best gym at the beach. I tried Crunch and Golds and both of those were not as clean as Equinox. Plus if you work in the hospitality industry you get a a discount.
I'm a certified personal trainer so I've been in my fair share of gyms and then some; this one is truly a gem. They have every piece of well respected fitness equipment a trainer could ever want. The staff service is impeccable. The amenities are great. I can't stress how rare it is to find a gym this well staffed and well equipped. I've never found it too crowded. The location is prime. It's an expense, but if you can afford it, it's worth it. As far as personal training (disclaimer: I don't work at Equinox), the level of continuing education and the certs the trainers here have to have is something else. These guys/gals are the real deal from what I've seen.
The only reason Equinox is not getting 5 stars is because they are SO expensive that it makes me depressed. I love love love love this gym! All the equipment is brand new and the staff is amazing! Recently I got an hr massage by Sandra and I swear it is life changing..they sold me I will be back for massages at least once a month! All I can say is that this gym is basically perfect...could not ask for more...except lower prices :) if you have the money join join join!!!
I went to this gym for about a year. It is very clean inside which I find a big plus.  You rarely have to wait for a machine and everything is new and always working.  The staff is very friendly as well.  If your looking for a large gym with a pool this is not the gym for you.  It is relatively small but never super crowded.
I've only been to Equinox once... on Christmas:)  I must say the facilities were very nice and comfortable, for a city gym.  The showers/locker rooms are top notch and I see why celebrities and professional athletes are members.
This place is really amazing. The equipment is clean and there are always cardio machines available. We went at 6pm on a Friday evening (notoriously bad gym time) and there weren't too many people, but it wasn't dead. Love that they have Kiehl's products in the locker room/showers, I can understand why they push that as one of their selling points. Unfortunately, this gym is VERY expensive and in my opinion just over priced. I understand that it's in South Beach but I was a member for over a year at a gym in the heart of Chicago that was just as nice (if not nicer) and paid a third of the cost.  I would definitely come back if it was more affordable!
Beautiful, open, light-filled space with lots of brand-new equipment. The locker room includes big, fluffy towels; razors, and shaving cream -- even hairspray (!). The entire place is spotless and super-clean. Never too crowded: I worked out almost every day around mid-afternoon; there were often fewer than 20 other members there. Sometimes, the staff outnumbered the customers. The front desk staff is one of the most friendly, customer service-oriented I've ever encountered. One day, a staffer said goodbye to me by name when I left  to go home. (Amazing she could recall my name, since I'd joined for just one month.) One negative: This is one of the few gyms I've visited where there were no signs reminding members to return weights to their racks. And, sure enough, more than a few members failed to do so. This rarely happens at my home gym, and it's got signs posted everywhere.
Friendly clean & everything is on the same level + fun instructors.
I don't know what's better -the staff or the equipment.  Perfect gym!
clean and small location!
I LOVE this gym!! The staff is genuinely friendly and attentive.... the club is always impeccable.... where do i start... the clean warm towels that are soft and smell great..... the stretching area with a variety of sizes of phisioballs, bosus, and medicine balls.... I'm a group fitness person and in this department the gym does not disappoint!  My favorite classes were Zumba with Suyumi (went to 3 gyms in Miami Beach and her zumba was by far the best!)..... 'Brazilian Butt lift' and Videosync.... wait... but then there's kettlebells...  catch my drift? The smoothie bar was great too... a lot of choices and proteins that actually help people who are watching what they eat (I dare not mention the gym I once went to where they put SYRUP with HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP in the smoothie.. hello??!) Anyway, I unfortunately will not be able to move to Miami Beach (at least not this year, wiping a tear) but when I do I'll visit Miles for my membership-- another genuinely helpful, friendly (and not pushy) person at Equinox... you will be missed!!
