Ahhhhh-amazing!!! One of my better and most relax in spa experience. The ambiance and hospitality from front desk to my massage room was on point. Everyone's voices were so soothing and soft --- so soft that this hearing aid wearing chicks missed a few words but it didn't bother me because I knew they were trying to create an experience. LOVED: Even though I didn't have the time ti use all the amenities provided I loved the option of hot and cold pools, steam rooms and all in grand lush airy spaces that make you want to float. The decor is minimalist with pops of color. The views of the bay add a nice touch Now I didn't give it 5 stars because even though the room was airy and bright I thought more could have been done ambiance wise beyond the white curtains the masseuse table. Maybe some candles....blue accents just more attention to details in the massage room like that of the spa lobby itself. In addition - I've always wondered why massage rooms don't give your eyes something to feast on when you're face down on the bed. Ok - maybe my eyes are supposed to be closed and most probably close their eyes because they don't want regular tiles as part of their spa experience but think about it- azure mosaic tiles or some other interesting floor design could provide for a well thought of spa experience. Don't you think? Anyhoo...overall my recommendation - soak this experience up as often as you can. The flaws are ones that can be overlooked to enjoy everything else they thought of. It's great!!!
The gym here is great. Top quality equipment that is usually maintained well. The gym is fully staffed so it stays clean and they have towel service. It's limited to residents and hotel guests so it's never particularly packed. The people who work the front desk are very friendly, especially Alan. The group fitness classes are pretty good and there is a very robust schedule of options. The spa itself is beautiful and relaxing. It has a sauna, steam room, cold plunge and two hot tubs as well as men's and women's locker rooms with shower facilities. Expect free fruit and tea and coffee in the spa. The only reason I give four stars instead of five is the treatment prices are outrageous. Well above a similar day spa with really not justification for the premium. If you're living at Icon or spending a night at viceroy you should definitely check out the Spa.
What a beautiful spa! Love the different pools that they have in the entrance and the views are amazing. I definitely loved my mussier, he really listened to me and gave me one of the best massages. The only compliant is that the viceroy demographic has changed and the locker rooms felt a little tight.
One of the nicest spas in Miami , sad they don't do acrylic and stopped offering makeup application but the fitness classes and spa rubs are better then most places. Meru gave me a five star facial
What a luxurious treat! I was stunned at the beauty of this spa. The view are unbelievable. The whole spa smells like a dream, I literally want to eat the air. The locker room was absolutely great. I was able to shower and everything I could ever need was provided. I opted for an aromatherapy massage which was exactly what I expected. I typically like more firm massages but this was advertised as light-medium and it was still heavenly. I would definitely come back and highly recommend this spa to everyone.
Ahhhhhhhmamzing! I love this Spa! I had a facial from MERU that basically sent me to another planet. I was walking on clouds for several hours. My skin still feels amazing 5 days later, and 2 flights. I hope you all get to enjoy her VERY special touch. Namaste
If you are someone who loves to be pampered and enjoys luxury, this is the spa for you!  The facility is located on the top floor of the Viceroy Hotel and has spectacular views overlooking Biscayne Bay and Brickell Key. As soon as you walk in, you feel yourself start to unwind and relax.  The front desk staff is knowledgeable, professional and very helpful if you have questions or need to make any adjustments to your appointments.  They will even call the valet to make sure your car is out front waiting for you when you leave which allows spa guests to skip the line downstairs.   I always see Meru for the Iconic facial and I highly recommend it!  Between the incredible Valmont products the spa uses and Meru's talented hands, I leave feeling transformed.  My skin is always glowing and feels younger and refreshed.  I've become addicted to the product line and even though it 's a little pricey, I can definitely see an improvement in my skin since I've started.  In addition to being very knowledgeable regarding all things skin-related, Meru is one of my favorite things about coming to the spa!  She's incredibly sweet and genuine and will make you feel comfortable and at ease right away.  Stop by...I promise your skin will thank you!!
Beautiful!  The entire facility is gorgeous with tons of character. The water room, spacious with several relaxing options while you wait for your treatment and a fully stocked restrooms to clean up after a full day. We arrived early to take advantage of the amenities. Receiving a treatment grants your access to all of the spa and pool facilities. Lots of lounges and beautiful view, it's like an infinity pool deck that spills over into the Biscayne Bay/Brickell Key. Their staff have conquered aggressive hospitality. One could easily get lost in this place but there was always someone to help you whether your looking for towels, a cup of tea, or your lost boyfriend. My only complaint was our actual massage treatment could have been better, they were a bit of a tease. Being a massage therapist myself (which I will be telling my service provider prior to treatment in the future) I've come across many therapist who because it's a Swedish Massage or in this case Swedish AND Spa month, therapists expect less commission and less tip and fall into mindset of "They're only here for the promotion otherwise they wouldn't be here". Don't get me wrong, my therapist was very welcoming, great energy and great touch and relaxing flow, but when requesting full body that means hands, feet, neck and a truly effective service.Time yourself. My boyfriend experienced the same. Again, as a therapist, I know it doesn't mean you have to go full force bows deep into a person's back to provide the kind of service expected. I would say the service was just going through motions giving the EXACT SAME massage that had been given to all of the other Spa Month and out of state guests who they believe they won't see again :( Overall, wonderful experience. Would absolutely return for a lovely day at the spa, just next time reveal my secret which I'm sure would have made a difference, us therapists have to look out for eachother!
I visited this spectacular spa with my husband during Miami Spa month. It's the most beautiful spa I've ever visited. The spa is located on the 15th floor. The views are breathtaking. The spa is stunning with it's larger than life 'library' and murano glass chandelier. Upon check in we were taken to our locker rooms. We had arrived an hour early to enjoy their 'library' which consist of different hot tub/jacuzzis with different temperatures and large beds to lounge. This room makes you feel like Alice in Wonderland and the waterfront views of Miami add more to the enchantment. As we relaxed in the jacuzzi one the spa attendants came to ask us if we needed anything, he brought us complimentary orange slices with honey and spa water. He also brought us warm towels. When it was time we were called and taken to our treatment room where we had a very relaxing Swedish massage. Afterwards we went to their many pools outside to enjoy some drinks. The Viceroy spa is very luxurious and modern. It's in my top 3 Miami spas long with Lapis spa.
I have to admit that I am a fan of being pampered, but what girl isn't? I love to get manicures and pedicures, massages, facials, and all of the above. I decided to treat my overworked and overstressed self to a day of relaxation at the Spa at the Viceroy. I had been told that with the purchase of my massage I would have access to all the spa amenities for the day, so I arrived a bit early to see what the Viceroy had to offer. After checking in and getting a tour of the spa, I made my way to the pool where I was able to relax for about an hour before my massage. The pool overlooks Biscayne Bay and the view is gorgeous! I would love to go back just to use the pool and have that view again. Once it was time for my massage I made my way back to the spa where I was met by my masseuse, Cindy. Cindy was really great and took very good care of me. The massage was a Swedish massage with a scalp treatment and it was heavenly. Before I knew it the massage was over, but I didn't want it to end! The massage was great and Cindy did an excellent job. She knew what to do and even gave me pointers of things I can do at home to help with tense back (hence the aforementioned overworked and overstressed statement). I refused to admit that it was time to go home, so I decided to stick around and use the steam room that is available. The steam room was great and since it was late in the day I had it all to myself. I had a really great time at the Spa at Viceroy. My only regret is that the floating library and water lounge was under construction and I was unable to use it. I was given a voucher to come back and use the facilities anytime I would like because of this.
Updating my review! This time was way better! Specially the music! This place is becoming a necessity for me! No more loud mouth ppl yay! Lol only thing they need to do now to become fully 5 star in my book is to honor the yelp check in free glass of champagne which they still don't! And I don't even drink! That's just the principality :P
Last night I'm shallowly flipping through the latest issue of InStyle Magazine (no idea where the subscription even came from), and there's a little fluffy Q&A with J.Lo. I like JLo, good morals, a nice butt, does her thing, and looks fantastic. Ok, sidetracked...her favorite spa in Miami is...? You guessed it, The Spa at Icon Brickell. I feel so famous. I also find it to be my favorite spa in Miami. Yes, the only one I went to, but stillllllll. (*FYI her treatment of choice is the oxygenating facial). FIRST: Guests of the Viceroy Hotel are privy not only to the workout facilities (pretty decent, great view, fresh water/fruit, very clean), the locker and steam rooms, but also to the waiting area at the Spa. I realize this conjures up thoughts of  stiff chairs, zen fountains, bad music and crappy magazines, but think again... The waiting area is complete with 3 jacuzzis (ranging in temp), and a maze of shallow water pools with chairs...for soaking. It's pristine. All white tiles, huge oversized bookshelves and chairs. It's where the Alice in Wonderland cast would go to blow off a little steam and relax. For real. Ok, so...of course, after spending a day or two languishing in these areas...we were tempted by what was behind the "treatment" room signs, and booked a couples massage. (which basically means two rooms that used to be divided by a curtain, are now NOT divided. No weird stuff, be polite! this is supposed to be relaxing). Anyway, we booked our service with the front desk, and everything was fairly flawless. Returned at our appt time, were given robes, sat in aforementioned waiting area, were taken to room, rubbed around for 60 minutes, awoke with a smushy face, and dabbled through the rest of the evening in a state of drowse. Mine was quite good/relaxing, and I'd most definitely opt again. Cost for 60 minutes (2 people): $230 + tip. (18 percent gratuity added for hotel guests). Yes, it's a vacation treat for moi, but I would certainly return. The facials looked out of this world, but unfortunately had the prices to match. They do run specials (April was 30 min massage, 30 min facial, 30 min manicure, champagne for $130), so its worth checking into. CCu (me) and JLo approve, well hey...5-stars it is.
I visited the Spa at the Icon on Valentine's Day and was nothing short of impressed. The giant moat in the main pool area includes a couple of jacuzzis, an ice cold water area and plenty of seating overlooking Downtown Miami. The steam room is not co-ed, so both ladies and men have their own area with lockers, showers, any bath accessories you might need (razors, hair dryer, q-tips, etc., etc.) They also have a bar near the pool area where you can order alcoholic drinks or have complimentary tea. On V-Day they had complimentary champagne, which was really nice. I had a facial done here, and it was one of the best ones I've had to date. The woman was very knowledgeable, I only wish she would tell me exactly what she was doing step-by-step since I'm new to the whole facial thing. My skin looked great, and the ambiance really lends itself to some hardcore chilling afterward. You can even deviate away from the spa and go to the outside area if the weather is nice where you've got plenty of large couches overlooking Downtown. I'm looking forward to coming again soon once its a bit warmer out. That infinity pool outside looks insane. Even the 2nd larger pool is actually an over-sized jacuzzi. Good to know: * Valet is $7-$8. I had mentioned I was going to the spa, but I'm not sure if that changed the rate. * No worries if you forget your sandals. They've got some Habainas in your locker waiting for you. Ladies, if you're over a size 7, they might be too small. * The staff is very friendly and will give you a quick tour upon your arrival. * 18% gratuity is included on all services.
I was fortunate enough to take advantage of the month-long specials going on at the Spa at Icon Brickell (which is also the spa at Viceroy Miami - it's all one huge, inter-connected complex).  And boy, what an experience! It's a little confusing driving up, and since I didn't know Icon and Viceroy were connected, I pulled up to the valet for the Viceroy hotel.  The friendly valet man showed me the error of my ways, and directed me to the valet for the Icon around the back.  After checking in at the front desk, I was led through the maze of corridors and elevators to the spa.  And good thing too, cause I would've never found it on my own!! The spa is located on the 13th & 14th floors of the Icon Brickell, with gorgeous picture windows overlooking Brickell Key.  The main lounge area, complete with wading pools and jacuzzis, is completely white, with lounge beds and chaises, and several huge stocked bookshelves, though all the books have plain white jackets on them (but they're real books inside, I checked).  You're given a tour upon your arrival, and then left to your own devices till your appointment. I opted for the signature "Raindrop Therapy" treatment - a 90-min massage with essential oils.  My therapist was Sorrell, and he was awesome.  I probably could've fallen asleep on the table, I was so relaxed!  Normally this signature treatment runs $235, but with the special I took advantage of, it was only $55!  What a steal! The locker rooms are equipped with everything you need to get freshened up after your treatment, including any kind of toiletry you could possibly imagine.  Of course, there's a spa menu and juice bar, but I didn't get a chance to check those out. I'm already saving up for my next visit!  Here's hoping they'll be participating in the upcoming Spa Week!!
I had a massage here a few days ago and it was not very good. The usual people that I request were all off/god knows where so I had to be stuck with someone that I had never had a massage by, which I will never do again. If you go to this spa and request Marcelino, DORRIS, or Carmen, you are assured to have the most fantastic massage, ever. If you get stuck with someone else, don't expect to have a relaxing massage as my shoulders still were hurting right after I left. For facials, see Carmen. Also, I went to take a shower after, and those little bugs that I previously wrote about (only seeing 1/2 and not being a big deal) were a huge deal as there were 8 in the ONE shower, disgusting. They were on my towel, my robe, me, yuck. They really need to get that problem under control as after a long massage, the last thing I want to see are bugs in the shower. 1 or 2, eh no big deal....8!! Big deal.
PREPARE YOURSELF FOR GRANDEUR. From the moment you walk in, this spa will literally take your breath away. The front desk overlooks the "water lounge," which you can see in the attached photos. It has an over sized chandelier, fireplaces at either end, two jacuzzis, a cold plunge pool, and chaise lounges overlooking an amazing view of Brickell Key. Booking a spa treatment entitles you to use of the facilities, including sauna, steam, and pool, so definitely plan to make a day of it. The pool is almost as amazing as the spa with spectacular views and Alice in Wonderland themed seating. Finding the spa can be a bit of a challenge. The Viceroy Hotel and the Ikon condo building are twin towers and the pool/spa area is like a bridge between them on the 15th floor. The service is wonderful. You'll be greeted with a hot towel for your hands at check in and given a robe and slippers and shown to the locker room. You wait in the water lounge until your masseuse comes to find you and brings you in for your treatment. For me, the highlight is hanging out in the water lounge with a book reading, staring out the window, and soaking up the quietude and elegance of an over-the-top luxury experience.
The staff is great however.... Women's shower's have pantry moths in them, hair on the walls clogged up in the drains super gross and the dispenser's are always empty Hot Tubs are NOT clean there is dirt around around the edge of tubs
I can honestly say the massage treatment I had, was one of the best ever.  The young lady consulted with me as to where I held stress and really worked on those areas.  Again, treatment wise, no regrets. BUT, this place is so funky, it's strange.  The warm saunas do not have a high enough capacity for the amount of people they serve so your left to the large, cold pools.  There too cold to enjoy so your left to lounge on the funk-a-fied couches.   The bathroom, not expansive, translates the small condo vibe and the developer's frugality for space.   The layout is awkward! When one dreams of a spa, you hope for an encapsulation of luxury, relaxation and SPACE!  Overall this place is tight and doesn't leave you with a relaxing day-long experience.   Best for a quick treatment after a long day of work. For an all-day detox, head to the Fountainbleau.
Have I forgotten to YELP about you?!?  Ahhh...what to say, what to say?  This place engages excites all of your senses! I'm all about service...and this is what Spa Icon provides...excellent service.  I went to several spas during Miami Spa month and conclude...Spa Icon, you've won my heart.  The view, the massage (ahhh, Ileana, will you come home with me??!) the pools...the books...the roses, that chandelier?!?!?  WTF, that chandelier?!?   Just try it...take pics and show off to your friends, I'm sure they'll be green with envy :)
Two words MERU MATU. Best facial in all of Miami. Not only will she transform you, but she is a sweet and lovely person to be around. If there's one reason to visit this spa, it's definitely to see her. I lived here for 3 years and still go back just to receive her treatments. Highly recommend!!!!! Also great at healings - very deep and spiritual person.
My experience at the spa was really nice. Unlike other reviews, I found the spa to be pretty clean, with the exception of a few towels that were left lingering in the steam room. I was there on a Thursday night and you could tell they weren't too busy. When I used the steam room, I had it all to myself and same with the sauna. So maybe that would explain the extra cleanliness. At any rate, the staff were all extremely friendly and welcoming. Checking in at the reception was fast and easy. I don't know if it was special treatment or not, but the receptionist comped my valet parking too. (yay!) That definitely added to my great experience. Overall, the only thing I found wrong with the place was the plung pools. It was a little awkward to be in my bikini in such a big open indoor space where the majority of the people were walking around fully dressed. And it got worst when all of the pools were freeeezing, even when I turned on the jets in the jacuzzi. I just ended up running back to the locker room until my treatment started. As far as my treatment, I had the energizing leg massage that I purchased on sale from Gilt City. My masseuse was so sweet and she definitely left me feeling relaxed. I definitely think I'll be back.
By far... The BEST spa I've ever been to.. It was amazing. I highly recommend it. They let you use all the facilities with any spa treatment, so plan to stay at least half a day. I'll be back very soon!
Holy Spa!! Fabulous experience! From the rooftop pool to the floating library, our entire experience was wonderful! Took my mom here for her birthday and we're already planning our next visit!! Took the advice of other yelpers and arrived early to enjoy the floating library and other amenities before our facials. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful!!
Beautiful spa at the viceroy. The glamorous chandelier in the middle of the water room is simply breathtaking.  The sauna rooms are great to detox and the staff is very helpful.  I highly recommend a trip to the spa for a day of complete relaxation!
Love this spa. Been there a few times for Miami Spa month and also getting a great Gilt City deal initially.  My Gilt City coupon had expired and when I called and explained my extenuating circumstances (I was not in town for the duration of the deal), the manager was very understanding and honored the deal when she easily did not have to.  Good that she did as we made a great girls spa day and two more joined on top of the two deals and we ended up getting over 2000$ in products.  Um yeah, they products are super expensive but we shall see if worth it! Maru, the facialist is one of the best in the city. Highly highly recommend. Especially for a girls day. Hand by the pool or spa and make a day of it.
the viceroy wasoffering 50% off all treatments thru sept 30. so i treated one of my best friends to a 60 min massage for her 30th bday. its was only $72, reduced from $145. we got there and valet parked at the viceory (not the icon) we had to go up the elevator - to the 15th floor, walk across the pool towards the back left, go into a door marked spa, down the hall to the right and take another elevator down to 14 for the spa. (luckily it wasnt raining) you pass a beautiful party room, a pilates studio, a mini movie theater, and then it opens up to the main common area and WOW i was speechless. the pictures shown here are true, actually even more impressive in real life. the locker room is nice - a bit on the small side. has all toiletres, a sauna, steam room, and plenty of bathrooms/showers. you get a pair of havaianas and a comfy robe thats one size fits all (not really one size, i am by no means big, and it was a bit snug on me) the water lounge has cold, mid, and hot whirlpools. as well as different and unique seating to lounge around. the treatments are small and all white, great heated beds, and nice music playing for full relaxation. we had access to the gym and all the pools on 15th floor which are freakin spectacular. an infinity edge pool that seems to just spill into downtown miami!! i heard they offer $30 day passes to use pool, gym, and spa facilities, not a shabby deal. this place is totally worth it, especially if you plan to spend all day there. but be aware that valet is by hour, i spent 6 hours and had to pay $16. eeeeeekk. my only gripe which would knock this review down to a 4  is that there was a group of very rich and snobby teenage girls there. it was one of their bdays and their mom paid for day passes for all of them - they were not getting actual massage treatments. they treated the spa like it was their own house. the mess in the locker room was insane, clothes shoes purses thrown everywhere. hello you are assigned lockers to put away your personals. they were talking and laughing super loud and being completely inconsiderate of other guests. i was a teenager too, and i remember it vividly, but wow these girls just had a complete lack of respect for the other paying guests. if im paying over 100 to relax, thats what im expecting, not a bunch of rowdy teens!
Since I live at the Icon, I have a different perspective of the spa.   Dislikes: (1) As a resident, we have access to the spa facilities for free.  With that said, don't expect any special treatment.  Why would I mention this?  Well, have you heard of the saying, "There is no such thing as a free lunch?"  Here you have it!  Good luck getting a locker with a robe and slippers.  They save most of their lockers for paying customers.  What they don't realize is that we, the residents, pay an arm and leg on rent, which then the owner of the unit, uses that money to pay association dues.  So we are paying dues on a monthly basis for what?  To be turned down and told, "Sorry, we don't have any lockers for you."  But yet, a paying customer comes and they walk them down with a key in hand.  I've been through this so many times.  The only time a locker is ready for me is when I am paying for a massage.  Even then, good luck!!  I booked a massage for last Thursday and my husband accompanied me so he could relax in the plunge pool area.  Of course, they had a locker for me (the paying customer), but when he asked for a key, "Sorry, Mr. Sanchez, we don't have any for you."  (2) The water in the plunge pools are always filthy.  I go down maybe once every two weeks.  The water is always mucky with stuff floating, mostly hair and other small debris.  (3) The staff at the front desk needs a course in customer service.  For the amount of money you dish out, attend to your customers right away.  Don't make them wait 10 - 20 minutes while you are on the phone.  A spa of this level should never do such a thing.  Place that person on hold and attend your present customer(s).  (4)  They always have an issue with locating my husband's credit card on file.  The check out process always takes about 15 minutes.  Ridiculous! Likes: (1) The view from the plunge pools.  Very relaxing.  (2) The locker room has another great view as well as toiletries to use after your treatments.  (3)  The only masseuse I use there is Ileana.  This tiny lady has hands of steel.  I'm amazed with the amount of pressure in her hands!  She is so sweet, such a joy to speak to, and knows what she is doing.  Should I need a massage, she is always available for me.  Love her and recommend her!!!!! So with that said, that is why I give this spa three stars.  Maybe if I was a guest, didn't live in the building, and visited this spa for the first time, I would be in awe just like everyone else, but NO.
Usually go to standard for full spa day experience and this Spa is even better. It's a bit more relaxing of an atmosphere. Valet is easy and fast. Spent the day at the pool, worked out in top notch gym, the whole facility overall was exquisite. Cafe on site had good healthy fare as well (not overpriced like the Standard). Oh, the massage therapist Alexander was also top notch! im going back for spa month specials for sure.
The massage I had was very good but the place has many cracks in the veneer! It's a pain to get to and you actually have to go up the 15th, go outside and cross the pool area, re-enter the building 50 meters later, take the elevator down to the 14th and then wend your way through a maze of corridors. If you look, the carpets are dirty, the showers have broken or non-functioning soap dispensers, the buttoned leather bench in the locker room is missing some buttons, and the paint is peeling off the wall next to the steam-room! There is a definite feeling of "laisser-aller" which for a place reputed to be J-Lo's fave spa in Miami is hard to justify.
My husband booked a weekend at the Viceroy for our 1 year wedding anniversary. We are Miami locals and had heard so much about the Eos restaurant and spa and decided to give it a a whirl. The room was city view on the 11th floor, very beautifully decorated with an "old Florida" feel, the bathroom had a giant tub which I totally took advantage of.   We arrived in the morning and used the gym facilities for a little work out followed by a facial for myself and a couples massage for me and the H. Somehow the Spa managed to mess up the time schedule of our massage/facial and as a result we waited for longer than we were supposed to but they gave us complementary champagne and fruit by the spa and lounge. The facial was so dreamy and our couples massage was a nice touch.  I do have to say I was a little dissappointed that the room we had set up for our couples massage was actually two adjoining rooms with a curtain hanging in between I think I would have liked something where we actually sat in the same room, I guess to each his own!  All in all the day at the spa was fantastic and the Viceroy comped our massage for our inconvenience, that was a plus. For dinner in we ate at Eos and the food was delicious. It is a tapas style restaurant, slightly pricey but definitely enjoyable for a special occasion. Sunday morning we ordered room service and had breakfast in bed the entire hotel staff was very accomodating and overall the stay was a great experience. Highly recommended
If the Dollhouse were designed by Starck and had panoramic views, this would be its gym.
Please do not even waste your time going there now, they are going under renovation and while you are having a relaxing massage they are going under construction at the same time, the noise is impossible to be there, I booked my appointment they did not even say what is happening so you as  a customer now what you are getting, when I was leaving I ask for a manager they say they were busy, someone will contact me, I called again next day, the manager is always busy, I never had a chance to talk to them, so I wasted my money, maybe when they finish construction but do not go now, you will regret it.
Beautiful ambiance....had a massage and a facial... got a great deal for $170...they were having a special this week!  wouldn't mind coming back for regular price... I felt like I was in heaven...
The staff is great, the spa was practically empty the whole week we went there so it was nice to have the place to ourselves. Hot water tub and cold water tub. Very clean (probably due to how few people were using the facilities). Great amenities available in the shower including razors, lotions, bathrobes, sandals. Massage was ok, kind of overpriced for what it was.
My wife and I had facials here the first day we got in. My wife's aesthetician was great and she had a good time, and mine wasn't terrible. The spa is beautifully decorated and first thing in the morning it is clean. Also it's great to lounge in the differential temperature wading  pools early in the morning because  past midday all the Icon brickell residents start piling in and then it's a hot mess. The residents get discounted services so they are constantly walking in and out of the spa area making it very difficult to relax in the common relaxation area before or after any service. I highly recommend going in early if you want to enjoy the spa.
Worst SPA ever. I can only imagine that the guy who designed had never visited a SPA in his life. Just don't waste your time and go elsewhere.
The Spa is at the Viceroy hotel. You have to walk to get to the spa after you valet. Take an elevator to the 15th floor, then cross the pool to the end and take the elevator to the 14th floor. First the view from the pool is awesome. They have bed type lounge chairs, huge chess game, lots of regular lounge chairs. Upon arrival at the spa you have these gorgeous picture windows overlooking Brickell Key. The main lounge area has a very cold mini pool and a sauna, some chairs to relax, several huge stocked bookshelves, though all the books have plain white jackets on them - real books though and a huge huge chandelier hanging in middle which is like a bright yellow as seen in the pictures posted by others. You're given a tour upon your arrival, and then shown to your locker. The locker rooms are equipped with everything you need to get freshened up after your treatment, including any kind of toiletry you could possibly imagine. They even have a water dispenser to freshen you up after the steam or sauna. There's a juice bar, but I didn't get a chance to check it out. I opted for the signature "Raindrop Therapy" treatment - a 90-min massage with essential oils. My therapist (female) was was awesome. I probably would've fallen asleep on the table, I was so relaxed! The massage was AWESOME. From head to toe I was relaxed. My only suggestion is they lower the music a bit- it was a bit loud. They had a special of 20% off the price so it wasn't bad. The bill does include a 18% service charge.
Watch out for the filthy pools, rude attendants, and lack of time fulfillment for massage services at the Viceroy Spa. I paid for one hour massages and only got 30 minutes. The staff was rude and the facilities were filthy...black slime in the "Relaxing pools" and hair all over the showers.  VERY DISAPPOINTING!  NOT WORTH IT!
BOOK MERU NOW! She is the best esthetician there is. In the past,  I always hated getting facials, as I would leave all red and irritated. I always felt I looked worse after the facial than when I walked in. Meru completely changed the meaning of a facial to me. After a treatment with Meru, you leave looking like a photoshopped version of yourself. She makes you look flawless. Aside from the great results, the experience she provides you during the treatment is absolutely amazing. She works not only on your face, but on your neck and shoulders, arms, hands, and feet. She provides a full body experience for you that will completely blow you away. She makes you feel comfortable, and makes extractions actually painless! Even when I go to her for a wax, she somehow makes it feel good! Whether it is waxing or a facial, there is no one more passionate about making you look good and feel good than Meru.
I took advantage of the 99.00 miami spa month and I am really glad I decided on the Icon. It was absolutely amazing. The spa is located on the 14th floor with breath taking views of Biscayne  Bay. The decor was mainly white with alot of marble. The staff was very professional and welcomed me on my arrival with a hot cloth. I was given a tour of the facility and on my way! There is a indoor hot tub with a floating library and full sized windows which overlooks the bay. There is also a cold pool you can enjoy inside after soaking in the hot tub. The changing area has everything you would need and a steam room and sauna. Outside is an infinity pool which overlooks the city and bay. There are plenty of loungers and chairs and even sofas to relax on. The place really exceeded my expectations! I have been to the Canyon Ranch spa and also Espa at Aqualina but this place is the best!!!!  I would defiently go here again. The valet was extra while it was included at Espa and Canyon Ranch but it was worth it!
