I've been to lots of 5 star hotels and resorts worldwide and spent up to 3k per night on room and I have to say, this hotel has top my highest expectations when it comes to service. The hotel boutique style and very classy and luxurious. Food is excellent and price is very affordable for what you get in return. The 5 diamond award is well deserved.
I've stayed here many many times.  Only because I accompany my mother who loves it here.  I, on the other hand, usually stay at The Eau in Palm Beach which is the old Ritz Carleton Hotel. That hotel is a much more kid friendly hotel, food is better. But, let's start with the PROS: -Most staff (aside from one concierge guy) do an impeccable job. -Accommodations are gorgeous.  We are in an Ocean View two bedroom suite.  It has a full kitchen, dining area, living room, 3 bathrooms and an extra little room aside from the two bedrooms with a single bed.  Very very nice. Master bathroom is so dark though- not good for applying makeup) - Nice pool area, cabana service is good. - Use of hotel car to drive us anywhere within 5 miles was helpful. - Gelato parlor on ground floor open late. - I love that they had Hagen Das stocked in our freezer. CONS: -Food:  every meal eaten on property was HORRIBLE!!!  Breakfast was gross, buffet bacon was so floppy mushy, etc I requested some crispy bacon that came out absolutely glistening and coated in grease.  Yes, bacon is greasy, but I have never been served bacon that was so wet and coated like that.  Turn off!! -Lunch room service grilled cheese- bread was so hard it was inedible. - Il Molino food has declined in a major way too.  Not good. Note to chefs:  you need to learn how to serve children better.  (Kids do not want fancy, gourmet food).   Last night, for my final night, I had an odd request.  I wanted a chaise lounge chair brought up to my balcony.  Instead of getting it done, (we are spending a small fortune staying in a two bedroom suite) the concierge told me only the beach people could bring it so I would have to wait until morning. I cried BS!   I asked if they were really going to deny my request on my last night?  Finally he relented and got some men on the job. 30 min. later, they show up with a chair but not a chaise!!  I have 4 chairs on the balcony already, I didn't need another!!!  When I told the poor guys of the error, they were bummed because they said a chaise lounger would have been so much easier to bring up.  I was bummed too because I wanted hang (comfortably) on the balcony listening to the ocean all night if I chose.   A concierge at a hotel of this caliber should very rarely say no to very doable requests. Especially when you are paying an insane amount of money to stay here. I'm not famous, but I'm sure if I was, my request would have been handled with no questions! Lucky for me and my two kids, my mother is treating us to this vacation. I would definitely come back with my mom again. But, this is not a hotel I would choose for my family.  Try The Eau Hotel for family!
Pros: Grounds are nice. The adults only infinity pool is great. The suite is nicely laid out and the direct ocean view is lovely. Food at AQ is delicious. Cons: Electronics in room did not work. Private spa was not in operation and that was not disclosed when we made our booking which included a spa package. Restaurant manager was on cell phone while we sat there waiting to get service. The staff does not grasp true hospitality given they work at a hotel of the caliber they hold themselves out to be.  This is not to say the staff is not nice, because they can be nice, just that they need to show sincerity and hospitality and understanding when there is a legitimate issue the guest has.   For the amount of money spent. the service side of things should have been 70% better. Electronics should have worked and at the time of booking, it should have been disclosed that the private spa was not in operation. Again, the food was good, staff was nice for the most part and the main part of the hotel itself was well taken care of.
The spa is first class all the way.  I got the deep tissue massage I requested and really worked out all the mussle knots.  Lunch by the spa pool was very nice and the RELAX room is a sanctuary.  I loved my spa day and I will be back!
Best spa in Miami! Staff is very friendly and nice
5 stars doesn't begin to do Acqualina justice. I've been putting off this review for fear that I'd write and write and write without end.  And also because I'm sure I won't adequately be able to express my love for Acqualina. I was married here on December 8, 2012.  In total, I stayed here for 5 nights before and after my wedding.  They were some of the most magical nights of my life. Over the course of the week, we stayed in both the bridal suite and an intracoastal room.  Both were amazing.  Though we usually stay at five-star hotels, I'm typically still creeped out by sheets and towels that aren't mine.  And I never walk barefoot on the carpet.  None of that applies here.  Acqualina is immaculate in its cleanliness and I felt more at home than I do at my own home. Beyond the rooms, the heavenly experience is largely thanks to the service.  No detail goes unnoticed and no request ungranted.  This is the type of place where everyone knows your name and your drink request.  The type of place where the food is delicious, the presentation is gorgeous and the pool cabanas make you never want to hit the beach.   Our wedding went off without a hitch and each of my MANY detailed requests were pulled off beyond my expectations.  For such a fine hotel, I was shocked at how accommodating they were - our after-party went on inside at Piazetta until 2am!   The day after our wedding, we served brunch for all of our guests at the pool.  The setup, the service and the variety of food blew my mind.  When the last of our guests departed, my new husband and I hit Espa for a couples massage that was the perfect ending to an amazing week.  The spa is definitely deserving of all the praise and one would be remiss not to check it out. Since our wedding, we've been back a few times while passing through town.  We've stopped for lunch and each time, the staff remembers us and is beyond welcoming.  We can't wait to go back for our 1 year anniversary, and every anniversary thereafter. Acqualina is an experience everyone deserves to have at least once.
This is one of the nicest resorts we have ever stayed at. We were looking for a resort on the beach with nice ammenities and a nice pool. We found this resort on Luxury Link. From the moment we walked in everything was amazing! They offer you champagne upon arrival, too bad I am pregnant! The room was stunning. A 1 BR condo basically. Giant and spacious with marble floors throughout. Large balcony accessible from the bedroom and the main living area that faced the ocean. The bathroom was huge with luxurious features. A gourmet kitchen with a Wolf oven. We didn't cook at all though:) The staff is so attentive to every detail. Setting up your towels and chairs down at the beach, moving umbrellas when needed, bringing food and drinks. They even sent a maternity pillow up to our room! There is a car where they will drive you places near by. Everything was great. They even have a guy who pushes the elevator button for you! LOL. I would recommend a car, there are a lot of great restaurants walkable, but we went down to South Beach and Miami a few times, which I thought was fun. The Miami Zoo is great. Also, as you can tell by the price, the hotel isn't cheap and neither is the food! So, just be aware of that. But you can tell that you get what you pay for, everything, including all the food was amazing. I would love to go back if I can afford it again! :)
The service at this resort is extraordinary - comparable to any in the world. Everyone is friendly, accommodating and eager to serve. I like the fact that there is always security personnel near the elevators - makes you feel very safe. The beach is a few steps away and pristine. The pools are heated and feel great. The hotel, both public areas and rooms, is super clean. We had a one-bedroom suite which was very large and the full kitchen is great, especially with young kids. The breakfast buffet is your typical variety found at a hotel/resort but the quality of the food is top notch. Note that the beach is being restored and there is a high-rise under construction next door. If I were to fault one thing, it's that the beach service is sometimes slower in the afternoons. Besides that, I can't say enough wonderful things about this property and its people.
Wow, I went with my hubby and kids and we had a blast! This resort is top notch from the amenities to the service...The only thing I was not a fan of was the restaurant "Il Molino" being that we are from New York City, we are used to the best Italian restaurants in the world and unfortunately this restaurant was just OK, but not world class like the resort that it's in...Luxury at it's best! Also, check out the Mansions being built next door :-)
champagne upon arrival...need i say more? Acqualina Resort is a definite luxury hotel that pays attention to the finer details. Flying in from San Francisco to Miami we arrived in the late evening to the hotel.  We were warmly greeted by the front desk staff offering us champagne.  My best friend and i were taken aback for a moment...finally I let out a YES! (that's how loud it sounded in my head) to the champagne.  The front desk staff gave us a mini-tour of the hotel then lead us into the room where music played in the background with the lights dimly lit.  Okay, it wasn't a honeymoon trip we were on BUT for those looking for a honeymoon spot in the U.S. this would be a great location for one.  It was a girls getaway so we felt relaxation begin to melt into our bodies. Exhale. For the next two days we frequented the beach where the cabana boys set us up under a bright apple red umbrella and beach lounge chairs.  Exhale.  It was followed by a facial treatment at ESPA (hotel spa) on the last day of our vacation. Exhale. Would I go back? Pardon my French but HELL YES.  We were able to get a good package price for hotel and airfare at travelocity.  This is the place to go if you want to just get away from it all with some beach, sun, and relaxation... If you want the nightlife in Miami, I recommend you stay closer to South Beach (a cab ride to South Beach is $50).  But there is always the local bus for $2.  Whether it is for a honeymoon or girls getaway I would highly recommend staying at Acqualina.
Best.  honeymoon.  resort.  in the world. Acqualina was WAY out of our price range, but we got a special deal through hotels.com that made it affordable.  We also managed to escape without too many added costs for amenities.  This place is so nice that they don't need to squeeze every extra dollar out of little things like bottled water, beach chairs, and internet access (all free).   The room was simply gorgeous.  We had the cheapest level room (intercoastal view) but had trouble imagining how it could get any nicer.  A giant bed, two flat screen TVs, a whirlpool jacuzzi tub, a marble shower with a built-in bench, and a balcony with a sweeping view of Miami Beach. The Acqualina has three pools, including one large pool mostly populated by families during the day, and one "tranquility" pool for adults only, which was empty at around midnight for nightswimming every night we were here. The beach is perfect for relaxing all afternoon with a book.  The water is warm, unlike the Pacific Coast beaches that I am used to. One of our friends gave us a $120 gift certificate for the ESPA spa here, which we used for an excellent 50-minute swedish massage.  I was a little intimidated by the Sauna and Steam Room, but I was nevertheless impressed by the quality of the spa facilities.  Unless one of our books becomes a best-seller, I doubt we will ever stay in such a nice hotel again! There's a Starbucks, Einstein Bagels, and CVS within walking distance, as well as a "Waves" beach shop for things like beach bags, bikini cover-ups (the Acqualina does not allow people to walk around inside in swimsuits), and sunglasses.  The valet parking is $30/night and the lot is filled with Lamborghinis, Farraris, and Jaguars.  But they didn't treat me any worse for driving a Camry. One nice touch: they sent us complimentary chocolate-covered strawberries with a congratulatory note for our honeymoon.
Hands down the nicest place in the Miami area that I have been to. My sister and her husband took a week long vacation and brought the kids to Florida to visit me. They booked Acqualina (Trump owned) as their resort which worked great for me because I could never afford this 5 start piece of heaven. Let me paint you a picture of what I am talking about. Multiple pools (including an adult only pool which should become required in my opinion), beach front, marble everywhere, amazing restaurants within the hotel not including the great room service. When you pull up, it's like Ferrari heaven. I could go there just to look at the cars. Who knew this was nestled just a little north of Miami in Sunny Isles. If you have the money and don't want the typical South Beach experience, I cannot recommend a hotel better than the Acqualina. Perfect for honeymoons!
I recently stayed at Acqualina for a few nights this past Memorial Day weekend to attend their Wellness Expo.   The valet was prompt and the bell staff didn't hesitate to bring my luggage up to my room. When I checked in, I was pleasantly greeted by their front desk staff and welcomed with a complimentary glass of champagne or bellini.   The deluxe intracoastal hotel room I had was over 700 square feet of luxury and every amenity possible.   Acqualina's staff is professional and friendly and I look forward to the next time I stay here.
The grounds of this hotel are wonderful. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We took several swims in the pool during the day and night time, both of which were great. One of the Jacuzzis was broken....but luckily, there was another close by we ended up using. We used the fitness room, it was small, but got the job done. This being our first time in Florida, we were not familiar with the area at all. We did not know that Miami beach was a ways away from this hotel. There were several restaurants within walking distance of the hotel and also a grocery store. We did end up getting good bus directions and schedules from the front desk to help us get to Miami beach.
Had a weekend escape with the wifey. Wow, is the resort staff extremely friendly and welcoming!!   Just in the front of the hotel entrance on the ramp, all you see is high-end cars...from Maseratis to Ferraris.  Woah!  Talk about high class!  You should just go visit just to check out the collection of cars valet in front! From the moment you arrive, you are treated with the utmost respect and assist you in any way you need.  They offer you a bubbly or Bellini at check-in and they escort you all the way to your room making sure you arrive comfortably and along the way the show you around and explain all its offerings of amenities.   Everywhere we went, we were greeted by all the staff. Very pleasant overall!  Oh...did I tell you that the staff is extremely NICE?
We were treated to fabulous service where the attendees second guessed our needs, especially on the beach where the service men brought towels and umbrellas without us asking.   The beach was also kept private as random people walking on the beach were ushered along if they didn't have a blue wristband that indicated that you were staying at the Acqualina. The suite we stayed in was amazing with a huge tub for bubble baths, several flat screen t.v.s (even one that was mechanized to recede into a privacy stand), a long patio that faced the sea to enjoy the morning views and waves, and another patio that faced the city and strip of businesses.  The amenities and attention to detail were also amazing at the Acqualina. Marble floors and an enormous  kitchen helped make breakfast time cooking and mixing drinks before heading out to enjoy Miami's nightlife easy. Depending on what the trip to Miami is for, the Acqualina can be very romantic. We were there for spring break so  we didn't use the space for that purpose. The price of the stay was expensive, but it was well worth it!! I would recommend the Acqualina for a luxurious stay if you can save up enough to stay the weekend at $600 a night.
So gorgeous inside and the people working there will bend over backwards for you. Pull up in your car and don't even bother touching the handle of your car door, they will open it for you. When you go to the elevator, don't worry about straining your finger, there is a guy there who pushes the button for you. Go to the salon on level "M", it's great. Also, if you pull up in anything less expensive than a Lexus be prepared to feel ashamed when you see the row of Bentleys, Mercedes and BMWs in the front.
Acqualina is a great place to stay, from the door, to the most exquisite detail. The Spa is one of the greatest places here at Sunny Isles, also the 3 pools and of course the ocean and the great service and food all around, with their red sun beds and chairs, make this place simply awesome.  But if you fall in love with Acqualina I have good news, you can purchase an apartment here, 4 bedrooms, yes they are big enough for you and your family, as primary residency or second (vacation) home, if you want to see some of these fabulous apartments just contact me at 786.553.31.33 I am a Realtor for Beachfront Realty, inc. there is great ways to enjoy your life here. Claudia Salamanca-Licon
OK so for my second time in Miami, I got a really good travelocity package with this hotel. I did my research beforehand about this hotel and was astounded of all the good reviews I read online. This place is ULTRA high class. More so than the Las Vegas hotels that I've stayed in (The Venetian, The hotel at the Mandalay Bay). As soon as I pulled up on the valet, I noticed all the luxury cars that were parked, which made my rental car (Hyundai) look like trash. Just note that valet parking is $30.00/day (ouch!). If you're on a budget, you can park in the street behind McDonalds across the street and it's Free! :-) I went to the reception area and checked in. The front desk clerk even came up with us to our room and showed us all the room features. I was impressed! The room we got was the intracoastal room. It was almost a suite (a little smaller than the standard venetian suite) but was very very elegant. There was also a receiving area for guests with a couch and a lounge chair towards the entrance of the room. There was even a large balcony facing Collins Ave and Biscayne Bay. The bed was extremely comfortable. The TV was a flat screen plasma that comes out of a console at the end of the bed that swivels around and faces the receiving area if you want to watch TV on the couch. The bathroom was huge with 2 sinks and it even had a jetted tub. Shower was huge with a place to sit on for those long showers. Toiletries were from their ESPA spa down downstairs and they were of good quality. They clean your room twice a day (the second is the turn down service) which is nice. This place has 3 large infinity pools, a few hot tubs and steps away from the ocean. Pools were very well kept and clean, but the best part was hitting the beach. There were a lot of cabana boys that will help you get an umbrella and tanning bed on the beach including towels. You can also order snacks and cocktails from there. It was awesome! Food was OK, but very expensive!!! What do you expect? This is a 5 Star resort. Expect to pay more than the usual for drinks and other services as well since you're staying at a luxury resort.  Overall, this is probably the most luxurious hotel I've ever stayed in. The customer service and the amenities were top notch! Great job, acqualina for keeping the place very nice and elegant.
I was here for a friend's wedding, which was on October 24th. It was beautiful outdoor cocktail hour (with sunset and the sand), and even more beautiful inside - you'd think you're in a room for the Victorian era :) FIRST COURSE Prosciutto Seared Buffalo Mozzarella on Tomato Carpaccio with Grilled Leeks & Balsamic Syrup - Tasty, tasty. :) ENTREE Tuscan Roasted Breast of Chicken with a Lemon Tarragon Sauce. Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes & Fresh Asparagus - This one fullfilled me and put a smile on my face. DESSERT "Torta Negra" wedding cake - a cake with wine and rich taste of grapes! Yum! All I'm gonna say is that I was so impressed at all this. The bride and groom certainly didn't look or feel rushed.
There are few places in Miami that offer such an amazing view, great dinner, service, and atmosphere. This is one of my favorite places to go hang out if I don't mind spending a pretty penny. The staff is helpful and friendly ((a rare thing in Miami)) and the food is good. Drinks are fun and the servers have nice attitudes.
The spa is worth every dollar! Clean, quiet, first class!
I went only to the spa when i was on vacation in FL 2 wks ago, OMG amazing! Got a bargain deal for a 60 min treatment because its Miami Spa Month (google it) and it was only $99 for a $275 service. Perfect relaxing and private spa pool area what more can a girl ask for?
Absolutely the very best service , food and experience !!!! I love the spa and hair salon too!
I got married here. Best service ever.  Their spa is the best for me in Miami.  We have done a couple of staycations at Aqualina.
There are so many things about this hotel that are AMAZING. 1st, we got a complimentary upgrade (compliments of my bf's sky high credit card statement every month, hahaha). So they upgraded us to a deluxe ocean-front 1 bedroom suite which was BEAUTIFUL. 2nd, Alejandra is an amazing person. She figured out our car situation getting from the airport to the hotel- even when we missed our flight she rescheduled everything, then we were late, and rescheduled, then i left my BB in the car and she had the guy come back and bring it to me. 3rd, Javier the pool boy is super cute. 4th, the spa is incredible.. and relaxing. All the concierges made great arrangements the entire time we were there, from booking us a convertible BMW for our trip, and then having the guy pick up the car at the airport when we were done, to dinner arrangements and nightclub arrangements. We had a cabana for 2 days and it was amazing. I mean, this hotel is incredible. We've never had more fun in our life. Not to mention the suite was completely jam packed full of alcohol.. all kinds of wines, champagnes, beers, mixers, everything. Amazing. Amazing.
I came here for a very romantic date.  We had dinner on the beach at one of the restaurants (forget the name) and we were literally 2 steps from being on the beach.  It was so beautiful, it could'nt have been a more perfect setting.  We had mussels, lamb chops, and Sea Bass.  Everything was delicious especially the Sea bass.  I would loooove to come back here and visit the spa!!  I've heard so many great things about it.
**disclaimer, i stayed here bc they were doing a june birthdays promotion where your 1 night room rate is your age.. so for 29 dollars (plus tax) i had the most exquisite night of my life.** this place is true luxury!! i drove up and was in disbelief at all the cars in valet... maserati, porsche, bentley, rolls, rovers, etc... actually the bmws and escalades looked out of place. i walked into the lobby and was greeted by the ultra friendly front desk staff who offered a welcome drink - mimosa, bellini, fresh juice, water.. whoa amazing and the floral arrangements were unbelievable!! the same front desk attendant, gave me a tour of the hotel and then showed me to my room. when i walked in i almost choked on my drink. omg it was nicer than my house!! mood lighting all over the room, even under the crown moldings, the tv pops up from a piece of furniture in between the bed and the couch and it swivels so you can watch it from either side. the bathroom had double sink, jacuzzi tub and separate shower. a huge outdoor terrace. mini bar came stocked with all types of drinks and alcohol, holy jesus, you name it, it was there, bacardi, grey goose, patron, black, veuve..etc.. there is a button by the front door where you can push "do not disturb" or "make up room" who needs those door hangers anyways? there are only 4 rooms per floor, and they deliver ice to your room twice daily or upon request. the beds, pillows, and linens are to die for. ive never been wrapped in such luxury, i swear i slept better than ever. i spent the day at the beach. they actually check your room number and give you a wristband, apparently they have people trying to sneak in and use their facilities. there is an abundance of cabana boys who are eager to help you. they escort you wherever you want to go and set up anything you request. the options are endless. i had lunch at the beachside cafe while i soaked up the sun. they even come by to offer you an ice cold evian mist. even the ocean was better here.. it was crystal clear - i could see my toes, no seaweed at all. and the sand wasnt even hot. im telling you i had to pinch myself to make sure i wasnt dreaming!! there are 3 pools (excluding the spa pool) for guests to enjoy, with cold lemon water and books available to borrow. when i checked out and was at valet waiting for my car, they gave me an 'acqualina' water bottle for the car ride home! i was so sad to leave, really borderline depressed. i could live there.  havent stopped day dreaming about the next time me and the acqualina will meet again...just need to win the lottery to make that a reality!
I didn't stay here, but I went to their spa - it's called 'Espa".  It was totally awesome.  My masseuse - Rafael was terrific!  Everything was top notch here.  You can stay after your treatment and use the facilities all day which we did.  They have a private pool just for the spa people and it is overlooking the ocean.  July is Miami Spa Month so for a 90 minute treatment it was only 99.  In Miami that is a steal!  The treatment is normally $240 and it does include a mini-facial.  They have a steam room which has these sparkly lights that make it seem like you're in a spaceship because other than that it's completely dark.  The lights on the ceiling look like little stars twinkling.  They also have a dry sauna and gourmet teas and cold water for you to enjoy.  After the heat from the saunas they have these rolled up cold washcloths that you pat on a huge container of ice and then put on your face.  They're scented like lavendar.  Mmmmmmmmmmm.  Don't forget to try the 'experience shower' on the way out.  Theres' different settings and it massages your skin while you stand there.  You HAVE to try it.   This is the best spa I've ever been to hands down.  Top notch all the way.
The most gorgeous place and the most fantastic service ever.
