A few random people have called this place "dingy".  Screw them!  Russian Turkish Baths is outstanding!!!  The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because the front desk staff really are rude. Russian Turkish Baths has 2 locations:  This one in Miami Beach and one in New York City (that has been there since the 1880s).  All of the walls of this place are covered in "kudos" type newspaper articles over the decades.  Russian Turkish Baths are located on the lower floor of a hotel so valet is your best bet. You pay when you leave so the only thing you really need to do when you get inside is to get your locker room key and hand over your wallet and valuables for them to lock in a lock-box.  I would recommend bringing your own towel if you can. Men and women have their own locker rooms but all of the baths are co-ed so you can't walk around in the nude (damn).  Bring a bathing suit. The first thing you see when you step out of the locker room is the oversized jacuzzi that uses salt water from the ocean.  It has a waterfall that falls into the jacuzzi.  From here you can head down the short hall to pick from 3 different rooms:  redwood sauna, aromatherapy sauna, and turkish steam room.  My favorite of these was the aromatherapy sauna which is filled with a steamy, herb and mint smelling green mist that is extremely hot.  Many people get massages in here.  The redwood room is a dry finnish sauna so you don't want to stay in there too long as it is DRY.  Outside of these 3 rooms is an ice cold dipping pool.  The water in these dipping pools are literally FREEZING.  If you are brave enough you can jump in but most people just pick up the buckets provided and dump ice cold water down their entire body after they burned up in one of the saunas.   If you go down another hallway you will find 4 more sauna rooms:  the rain room that literally rains warm rain all over you; the hydrotherapy room where you can lay down on a table while your fellow man hoses you down with a real fireman's hose--this is recommended as a form of massage (note:  the day we went they were using the room for private sessions so sometimes it may not be available); the polar bear room which is like an icebox, and an amethyst room which is just a simple sauna-like room that is shrouded in real amethysts. Probably the most well known room is the Russian room also known as shvitz.  People this room is SERIOUS BUSINESS.  I'm surprised you don't have to sign a waiver before entering because this room is mother f*ucking hot.  Like, when you step in your lungs will burn and you will struggle to breathe from the intense heat (read: you will be choking and gasping for air unless you are conditioned to such).  I feel like I am a very tolerant lady and I had a hard time staying in here for more than a minute or two.  The room is covered in rocks and has buckets and water flowing so you can constantly dump water on yourself to control your body's temperature--which will evaporate immediately of course.  They offer olive branches if you would like to fan or have a massage with such as you "rest" in here.  The biggest ice cold dipping pool is located outside the Russian room and let me just tell you how intense the effect is taking a dip in here after burning up in the Russian room.  Supposedly this ancient ritual leads to a complete cleansing of mind, body, and soul. The final room is a "resting" room with bunk beds if you want to take a nap.  They also have a couple of heated, marble chaise lounges to rest on if you want. Don't forget that if you go outside you can take advantage of the Olympic sized swimming pool.  You also have access to the beach if you want to go swimming in the ocean.  There are also tennis courts and a small gym.  If you are thirsty the pool has a tiki bar.   Don't forget to get your parking validated!!  Parking is only a few bucks for valet with validation.
I am so in love with this place. It's very clean, despite the creepy looking pictures on their site. A maze of rooms to go through, each has it's own purpose and personality. You'll walk out of here feeling like a million bucks. A hidden gem in Miami, seriously, it's like a water park for adults! The hydrotherapy is awesome, so much fun and wonderful. It's a social experience and a great place to have fun chit chat with random strangers without worrying about them trying to pick you up. I even made a few friends there. I got a massage there, I'll rate the place in general but the massage that I got there a 3, why? The woman BRUTALIZED me, and not in an entirely comfortable way. She even pulled my hair and started wacking me with sticks, hahaha. I can handle a pretty brutal massage, but the way she tore into me with her hands it was like she hated me, that was a bit much, and what made it worse was that she was literally blasting this crazy Christian music the whole time, I had to hold in my laughter because I was ready to break down and start busting up because it was so surreal. Definitely an experience I don't regret for entertainment value, but not exactly one I'd like to go through again. But overall, after several hours here, you'll feel balanced mind and body, especially if you live an active lifestyle. If I could live here, I would! ***EDIT I initially gave this place 5 stars but I am taking 2 of my stars away because the creeper factor was through the roof when I went there yesterday. (Monday, January 14) The guy that gave me the platza treatment tried to lure me out onto the beach at night time after he did my treatment he told me to go to the front desk, I went up to the front desk and he grabbed my hand and was like "We go to ocean..Ocean?!" GROSS. Then there were these creepy middle aged men that kept following my friend and I around, I'm in my 30's but my friend is only 19 and these guys wouldn't leave her alone, it got to the point that I had to get nasty with them and tell them that they were old enough to be our father, they got extremely butthurt, but whatever, it worked? I also overheard another group of girls talking about the creepy guys, so we were not alone in this! Ladies, make sure to go with a male friend or a friend or you'll probably get hassled here. Guys: BE POLITE! Just because us ladies are hanging out without males, that does not mean we want you to hover around us like vultures. It's okay to chat but  have some respect!
I used to go to the RTB in NYC when I lived there. I was too, way too happy for words when I found out that there was one here in MIA. I am a spa freakizoid so me being able to get hydrotherapy, for a minimum of two hours, plus at a price that is under $40.00 per visit. Man, I was happier than Groupie at the ESPY Awards. I am about to get it in. LOL From the 500degree radiant heat room, to the Aromatherapy room (scented with Lemongrass and Mint), to the Haman ( wasn't able to stay in there longer than 2 minutes...way too hot), the high pressure hose room, the Rain room (this one is my favorite). The ocean water Jacuzzi will be the first thing I jump into every time I go.  On the day I went it had been raining so the outside area was cloudy and not too appealing. So I was not able to go outside to see what the pool and private beach access was like. But I surely will do that the next time I go. All I know is that this little hole in the wall place is a gem in Miami. Because it is so low key, the location in NYC always had celebrities and masters of the universe coming to just enjoy the steam. One thing that everyone has in common regardless of your economic or social standing is that we all SWEAT! This is an amazing place to do just that. Just try it...you will love it. PS. ONE more important message...BRING THE BIGGEST WATER BOTTLE YOU CAN FIND. You will need every drop of it. If you can get a Coconut water in there too...DO IT! DETOXING WILL DEHYDRATE YOU. BRING WATER.
FYI, Russian Turkish Baths is co-ed but no nudity is allowed accept for girls going topless at the pool and beach.  This makes no sense really but that's the way it is.
After a weekend in Miami there's really only one thing you need (aside from a nap): detox.  The Russian Turkish Baths are a slightly sketchy, but totally legitimate bathhouse experience.  If you're okay spending your afternoon in a secluded cavelike atmosphere and want to indulge in a a no-frills sauna experience, this is for you. Whether you want to sweat it out in the hammam or cool off with a DYI mud facial, they've got the goods.
Excellent traditional Russian/Turkish Bathhouse.  It's a nice and affordable too.  Highly recommend if you're into this type of thing.  It's not fancy like The Standard but if you're looking to detox and enjoy a traditional sprtiz, then this is your place.  The sandwich shop inside the spa is good too.  I highly recommend any of the soups.
positive:the variety of sauna is interesting, and the sea salt part is very unique. Negative:they push the cash purchase or package purchase that makes a student or a tourist a little be uncomfortable. is not a very clean facility, the floor needs to be cleaned over night. the noisy and nosy workers walking around is not a good experience. they speak in different languages very high volume, no tranquility. and looks like policing their guests, although there is camera at most of the spots. the dark room with beds to rest has a very strong scent (not being cleaned) I might go again to use the facility but i won't expect too much relaxation or peace, and I wll be careful about the heigin.
Aside from the fact that I was in some seriously good company, I loved my experience at the Russian Turkish Baths. I had been very busy with so much going on for the past months that this couldn't have been a better idea. Its rustic, its authentic, it detoxifying...its exactly what I needed. Valet is reasonable and for $30 you get to relax in any or all of the many diverse rooms they have. From hot to cold to laying on a bed or jumping in the salt based jacuzzi. The food was good, and though the decor can be a bit too "russian" for me, I would recommend this to anyone that can appreciate an authentic spa, and that really needs to relax. Dont expect to be spoiled...expect to relax.
Differently from other yelpers, I used to bus to go there, it stops right in front, so cheaper than valet (validated or not), and no need to walk 2 blocks. The pictures look a bit creepy but it's just because - the lighting is dim, to favor relaxation - they use all natural stone and woods - they use special colors by room to convey a different atmosphere and/or benefit. There are several rooms, hot and dry saunas, with different degrees of humidity and heat, some with running water, other with "rain", etc. Definitely fun. All rooms have different names, so if you go with friends and separate it's really easy to communicate to the others where you are going to be (yes, there are that many rooms, it's not just like "oh, i'll see in the other room", no no, multiple corridors, many rooms). It is fun because, differently from other "pseudo-meditative" SPAs, they allow talking and interacting with other guests. You also get access to a gym and an outdoor pool. It's awesome. Small downsides: - no drinkable water inside, and from their bar it is VERY expensive, so bring your own GIANT bottles - the floors are all wet and slippery, definitely bring some flip-flop or other sandal You pay at the exit, the best deal IMHO is the 7-session package. I'm always up for this and to meet yelpers: if you are going there, private message me and we'll meet :-)
Love this place. Going to come at least 1 a month. Many options to choose from love love love.
Love this place.  Only for the adventurous.  Great variety of sauna rooms and treatments.  Prices are reasonable.  Check out the packages on their web site.  Parking is only $4.00 with ticket validation.  Its located at Castle Beach Hotel so guests have also use of the pool an beach.
Friend and I recently went when they had a 2 for 1 special....The ocean supplied whirlpool was great.. Saunas/steam rooms were clean enough but the women's locker room was definitely lacking. They need to spruce up that area (and update it) as it dark dank, wet and kinda scary...Fresh squeezed juices at the restaurant were nice. Hope the construction is done there soon. Definitely worth going back... So nice to have it be coed so you can go with friends or mate...
Platza SCAM - the platza masseuse will tell you the massage costs $14 but it's actually $40. My boyfriend and I both asked the Russian masseuse the price separately and we both clearly heard $14! The manager was completely unsympathetic and even smirked when he said "he doesn't speak good English." Otherwise, it was a very enjoyable experience.
I Love this place! Im going in there later today on this ugly rainy day! Everytime I go here I have a great time with my friends and the hubby. Everyone thought it would be creepy but its totally not. Super relaxing and now let me get started on the food, its cooked by two Russian people who sure know what they are doing. Delicious Salanka soup, Yummy Baltica beer, everyone seems to drink tea here so I am going to try some today. Ok and you also have to try their lamb shish ka bobs mmmhmmm heavenly. Im so excited to go back for the gazillionth time. I wish my hungover peeps would wake up already so I could start soaking in heaven. Im counting down until the bath house and I meet again....2 hours 4 minutes and 17 seconds. LoL
I only entered the Russian room followed by the Polar room. I didn't have the guts to dip myself in the cold pool outside the Russian room but my mental note after leaving was to bring water... lots and lots of water for future visits.
Very nice,, I didnt expect place like this in Miami... only thing is the shower need some lights .. I dont know why there are no lights.
Much better than the one in NYC. I will be a regular by now!
When we pulled up to the hotel, we thought it looked pretty oldschool. When we walked down the hall, we felt like we were in a hostpital.....a very ghetto hospital. The man at the check in took our valuables and directed us to the locker room. The locker room was tiny with one shower and one toilet. The whole place had a weird, eerie feel about it. The walls were covered with article clippings and the place didn't feel clean. We left after 10 minutes as it wasn't the kind of experience we were looking for, perhaps we should have done some research about this place before going.
I gave this "SPA" a few tries, but every time I got disappointed. Four of us went there on Sunday evening. It wasn't busy there at all. An hour later we decided to eat at the "Russian restaurant" that they have there. First, we couldn't find anyone to place our order with. A few minutes later we found the kitchen "personnel" taking a nap on one of the beds in the relaxation room... That guy being typical Russian with the worst attitude yelled at us, "My wife is in the kitchen" when we attempted to ask him if it wasn't too late to have some "authentic" Russian food. Unfortunately, his wife was there so she served us a basket of bread with some cockroaches in it. We decided to cancel our orders afterwards. At 9.45pm the guy from the front desk announced that the SPA will be closed at 10 pm instead of its usual time 11pm. He explained it that he just received a late notice that supposedly pest control was going to be there any minute. But I appeared to be that they just wanted to close earlier on Sunday night as we were the only customers there. The front desk staff is very rude and inconsiderate. They never greet their customers, and curse in front of them( especially the Latino guy with a short black hair and big belly and the disabled guy with a long grey hair). The locker room always looks and smells like a swamp. It feels nasty and dirty. A week of antibiotic prophylaxis before going there might be a great idea.
This place is a gem, hidden away in the basement, to depict it best: its a DIY Detox Day. Go late on a Sunday to beat the orgy of people in the Russian room (it's hot enough). Diva disclaimer: This is not a spa girls! Go big and stay all day, work your way into the hottest room, but don't do it all at once & hydate hydrate hydrate. The one thing that still boggles me about this place is why they serve alcohol. Otherwise, my first experience def will not be my last, membership card here I come.
The most relaxing place on earth!    Down side: Front desk staff are not friendly!
my wife and I love this place!!!... the baths, food, shvitz...ahhh!
This is BY FAR in my top three favorite things to do in all of MIA!  Whether you are looking for a divine day of solo relaxation or a sexy, adventurous place to take a date, the Russian Turkish Baths will meet all of your off the beaten path relaxation needs.   The baths are located in the basement of a Miami Beach hotel so in addition to the spa, there is a large pool (that has a newly added tiki bar in the latest renovations) and easy beach access which, in my world, elevates an already amazing experience to new levels of awesomeness! Upon arrival at the hotel, you will valet park your car ($5 with spa validation) then you will be asked for id at the hotel desk and finally, when you get in the spa, you are required to hand over something of value (a DL) for safe keeping in exchange for a locker key.  There it is, the most stressful things you will experience your entire visit.  It is smooth, relaxing sailing from there! Now let the delicious relaxation begin!  Change into your swimsuit, lock you worldly belongings away in the locker room and leave the world behind....First, meet your date in the huge ocean fed, salt water jacuzzi with giant massaging waterfall.  Yes, you read right and it is indeed HEAVEN on earth!  After the jacuzzi, it is a toss up, the polar room, the infrared sauna, the crystal room, the rain room, steam room, ice cold dips, a 279 degree Russian Shivitz, authentic Russian food in the cafe or healthy fresh squeezed juices.  As if all this isn't enough, standard spa services (massage, hair, nails, wraps) and a workout area are also available. Sounds amazing?  You read right....It totally is!  One visit can be a bit pricey, ($28?  $32?  Don't remember exactly....Go to their website in advance for a discount) but you will love it so much, you'll be buying a multi-pass card in no time.  This is a whole day experience....Arrive at noon and plan to spend the entire day (and night....open 12-12) lost in blissful relaxation!
I've visited this place about twice a year over the past ten years! I've really enjoyed it, however It's not without it's quirks. The decor is the tackiest of tacky. It's straight out of the 1970's with various upgrades that don't match each other. However the stone sea water hot tub in the middle and the various hot and cold therapies are amazing. Once you've spent a few hours here you can basically just call it a day because you will be drained of everything in you but in a good way. I love melting away and detoxifying in this random hidden place, however with it's increasing popularity it has attracted more than just the usual patrons and got a little noisy and smelly towards the end of my last visit.That's why I had to reduce it down to just three stars.
I won't bother recounting what all the other good reviews say, simply because it's redundant and they're all true... but wow!  Just simply amazing.  So many rooms, many different ways to relax and unwind.  I highly suggest going with someone else though, just more fun to pass the time I think with someone by your side.   Not a major complaint, but my gf and I got massages and while she loved hers, mine is what kept the rating from getting 5 stars.  First of all, the masseuses all spoke Spanish and little English, and the concept of making an appointment was very odd (we made an appointment for a couples massage, but 2 of the other masseuses essentially 'stole' us earlier at the expense of their coworkers).  Plus, we were paying for all the services on credit card, but we were not allowed to leave credit tips.  Became very awkward trying to leave a tip.  Also my massage felt good, but was all over the place as opposed to the usual focus on neck, then back, etc.   So despite the massage aspect, everything was wonderful.  Next time in Miami I will be back for sure.
I had the best time with my mother. I cannot believe I found such an inexpensive amazing place to unwind. The staff made me feel completly comfortable and relaxed. The cafe had Borscht soup! I love this little place because it had me feel like I was in trans to another part of the world.
This place is amazing -- such a hidden gem of a spa experience. I highly recommend it -- and the fresh juice and authentic Russian food at the end as well!
Don't let the outdated decor fool you. Russians know their banyas. Best quality heat, layout and atmosphere of all  banyas i visited. Very affordable too considering that it's a half day activity. Cafe raised their prices but you don't have to eat there, though food is great.
I love this place.. When I leave from here I feel like I'm walking on clouds and at night I sleep like a baby. All the rooms are enjoyable.. And the fact you can use the pool/beach is amazing. The pool area also has a bar/restaurant with alright food and drinks. One thing though ladies while inside the Russian baths you have to watch out for creepy guys and roaches sometimes. parking ticket validated for $4. If you go on the website you can get your ticket for a reduced fee. Make a day of it!!!
Holy crap. Where to begin with this place.. So I was kind of nervous about going here because of the mixed reviews but have been wanting to try it since I lived in NYC and just recently found out there was one here. I am now kind of obsessed with this place. I brought my husband as a surprise and didnt know how he'd like it or if I even would, but I'm so glad we tried it out. I don't even know how to describe it, its a totally random place inside a hotel, the staff gives you a key for a locker when you check in and they keep your valuables up front and then you're on your own from there with pretty much no direction. You split off into ladies and men's rooms and come out through another door, which I had no idea and was aimlessly walking around the front clueless for a minute until the guy who checked me in saw me and told me. You come out to a saltwater jacuzzi, and down the hall are all the rooms. Tip- the rooms entitled 'room #' are actually private rooms where massages take place, yeah didn't know that until I found out the hard way. We went on a Sunday and it was busy, but luckily not as crowded as I thought it would be. All of the rooms were pretty cool, but the rain room, Russian schvitz, and hammam were my fave! I didn't think I'd be able to handle some because of other reviewers saying the hotter rooms were similar to a torture chamber but I loved it! I especially like the stinging I could feel on my ears when I walked out :-D. The ice bath was pretty sweet too, I got in it fully once and dumped buckets on myself a few times. This was probably the most uncomfortable thing there but after you feel great. Overall I loveeee this place and wish it was closer to me. Definitely plan on coming back. I don't think it was as weird as some other people thought but definitely something different and I think a must try. I was a little skeeved out being that I am a germaphobe with certain things but I tried not to think about it too much and jumped right in the shower and used the soap they provide when we were finished. Yeah customer service is kind of non existent there but what do you really need them for anyway. If you're a female I definitely recommend going with another person, at least for your first time until you feel comfortable. Also, definitely bring flip flops! We brought water and our own towels too.
This place is so weird. I don't really know what else to say about it. I mean, that's not true, I spent a whole Saturday afternoon here, but the thing that stands out the most is how kitschy it is. At the end of the day though...if you're looking for a no frills spa experience this is the place for you. An important note right off the bat. For several reasons, you should come with a friend - especially if you're a woman. Reason being, this is the only "spa" I've ever been to that had more men in it than women, and during the opening hours it is dominated by large Eastern European men. Also, this is a very do it yourself thing. For a couple of the more fun areas, it's good to take turns helping each other out. Now that that's out of the way, I've never been to a spa that had more rooms and options for things to do than the Russian and Turkish baths. From the hammam, to the two steam rooms, sauna, rain room, fireman's hose, crystal room, polar bear room, saltwater jacuzzi, and I'm probably forgetting something, there's more than enough to keep you going back and forth for a few hours, which is more than enough to make the $35 entry fee worth it. We especially liked the room with the fireman's hose. It's like getting a water massage, and also just a lot of fun. Other pluses: when you go to the baths you also get access to the pool, which has a pretty decent (read casual and dive-y) tiki bar attached. Cheap beers! Yes, that's what I'm getting at here. Not so great: I guess those Eastern Europeans have developed thicker skins than us puny Americans because I couldn't spend more than 2 minutes in any of the heated rooms at one time. Not that it isn't fun to dump the buckets of cold water on each other, but I do kind of wish it wasn't because I felt like my lungs were on fire. Also, if you're looking for anything even remotely fancy this is not for you - the towels look like old kitchen rags. I sort of think that adds to the charm, but I'm a trash bag, so that may not apply to everyone.
Gotta love all the different steam rooms, and once in a while try a relaxing salt treatment. Weekdays are usually less crowded than weekends.
Going in here I did not know what to expect looks sketchy but it was literally the best thing I have ever done and for 35 dollars you can not go wrong!! The ice bath is so amazing between that and the shvitz it makes it all worth it
Ive been to multiple bathhouses in my life. Thus one was yuck! Dark, small rooms, tonssss of cramped decor, grimy atmosphere and just plain weird. Why are there news articles on the walls? I'm already there, they don't need to advertise it to me.The sauna rooms were tiny with barely any lighting.  Infrared room? Is that even safe? The jacuzzi is too splashy & humid. Weird amethyst & ghetto rain room. All the water everywhere was crazy hot. The locker room was nasty. No soap in the bathroom... Whole place feels like a bacteria cesspool. Oh and they charged me $7 for two bottles of water!!!! Wtfffff... They make money off of you staying hydrated in their hot rooms. Poor
Let me tell you about the most wonderful and bizarre experience Miami has to offer. I heard about this place through a friend and we decided to make a day of it. It's located in an old hotel/condo that's pretty non-descript. As soon as you walk into the place, you know this is not your typical spa. The decor is kinda strange and excessive; the walls colorfully painted. When you get to the counter, the guy asks you to put your valuables in a safety deposit box, which I found kinda weird since they give you a locker anyway, but I went with it. My phone and wallet made it safely. They give you two towels and you're on your way. After we changed and put our stuff in the locker, we walked in. The first thing you see is the salt water hot tub, which is surrounded by stone and colorful tiles. Very visually striking. We decided to hold off on that to check out the rooms, of which there are a ton. First, we went to the hammam, which was hotter than hell. We didn't last in there very long. We went across the way where it was less steamy and more dry heat. Still about a thousand degrees so we went around to the back corridor which has a ton of rooms. The polar bear room is a room with the AC on high, but it was so necessary after those other rooms. The infared sauna and the amthyst room were nice because they weren't too hot. The amthyst room was full of crystals and for some reason made all the veins in our legs visible. There was also a rain room where you turn on the water and it goes Rainforest Cafe on you. One of our favorites was the Firehose room. You read that right. You go in there and turn on the fire house and let your friends spray you like a criminal in a Russian jail. If you lay down, it feels like a massage. Finally, we made our way down to the schvitz. I read the reviews on here with people talking about throwing buckets of ice water on them and I thought to my self... get outta here, nothing could make me throw ice water on myself. False. The schvitz is the closest I've felt to dying in a fire. The thin parts of your body like your nose and ears start to sting almost immediately. There is cool water running into buckets and all you can do is throw them over your head. My arms, my back, everything felt like fire. When we got out, we absolutely dumped the freezing water on ourselves. And it was awesome. We went in there like 3 times. There was a girl doing yoga in there.. God bless her soul. My water bottle was practically melting onto my lips within 20 seconds. You put me in that room for longer than a minute and I would tell the Russians ALL our NSA secrets. We also took advantage of the hot tub which was actually very pleasant in temperature and full of large Russian men. I've never been to Russia, but I imagine it would feel a lot like these baths. The one thing that I thought kinda sucked was the fact that they give you metal keys for the locker. I'm not cattle, babes, I don't wanna be branded by Masterlock in your 500 degree saunas. Some tips: bring flip flops. Bring water for sure. They give you two towels: I suggest keeping one in your locker cause our towels got soaked. Be friendly, some of these dudes come here often and are super nice and helpful. I know there are a lot of comments on here about how it's dingy. Yes, some of the rooms look ghetto, the decor is tacky and weird in some parts, but those Ace buckets full of cold water will be your favorite thing and by the end of it, I was so relaxed that I was almost half dead so it serves its purpose in a really interesting (and kind of hilarious) way. And look... it's $35 ($28 if you prepay online), if you were expecting the Mandarin Oriental, that's your bad.
Amazing, simply amazing.  Pure bliss!  It is a unique experience that should really be had by all.  The facility may he a bit outdated with decor however I believe a lot of it is traditional styling.  Also it is kept extremely clean, which is what really matters.  I would urge anyone thinking about going to get up and do it!!
A fantastic experience! DO NOT be put off by the ambience! Russian Turkish Baths is not a typical "spa" experience, but it is a wonderful way to spend the day. Located in the ground level of the Castle Beach Club, RTB has way more DIY options than the Standard. Here is what is on offer: -salt water hot tub -Turkish hammam -steam room -sauna -infrared sauna -incendiary sauna (comes with oak leaves so you can beat up your friends) -amythyst room -rain room -fire hose room -polar room -nap room -heated loungers Don't forget the access to the gym and the outdoor pool, a cafe inside and a tiki bar outside, as well as the ocean at your doorstep. If you buy a multi-visit pass online, it works out to ~$15 - $20 a visit. My only complaint is that the towels are small and really threadbare, but hey, what do you want for $20?! If you ask, they will give you another one, no questions asked.
They either don't want too many people coming here, or they just need a referral for better photographer or publicist.  I'd say the real place is pretty nice and clean.  They don't have plushy towels stacked everywhere, cucumber to cover your eyes, fruit and nuts in the lounge, or water fountain with slices of strawberry in it, but it's a good place to tie me over between Miami Spa Month.   There are many rooms to explore.  My favorite is the rain room, and you can adjust the water temperature.  It does make the treehugger in me very guilty as my body enjoys the rain pounding on my back.   The polar room is a good place to literally chill off between the various hot baths.   Beyond that, whether you like to be steamed, slow roasted, or baked depends on your preference, but it's fun to try them all.  I wish some rooms were bigger so I could lie down without taking up half the seats. There was a Russian guy walking around with some oak leaves branches offering platza service.  I decided to be adventurous. OMG they should give people a certificate for surviving through one!  First, it was done in that inferno Russian room.  The guy wrapped my head with a towel drenched with icy water, and regularly splash me with cold water, but relief didn't last long!   I loved that fresh, foresty smell of oak leaves under me, that's supposed to dissolve my stress.  But no!  He started beating me with the branches.  At first it was light and refreshing, the leaves dropping cool water onto my body, but then the leaves started getting hot, and I was like, who'd think I can get 3rd degree burn from oak leaves!  Had to try my hardest not to run screaming.  After that, I was to dunk myself into the cold pool outside (for some reason the guy insisted THREE times, and he pushed my head in to make sure I was submerged... I started wondering if he was a Russian mafia).   It was torturous, it left my skin with red leaf-sized patches (which thankfully as the front staff said disappeared after an hour), but was also strangely exhilarating, and my body did feel good.  Guess it's like childbirth once you forget the pain you'd want to to do it again.  A guy who saw me did it told me he gets his fix once a month.
This is a phenomenal place but service leaves a lot be desired. No one said anything. They locked up my valuables, handed over keys on a rubber band along with two towels and returned their attention to the tv. As a newbie, I am grateful I had the privilege of reading Yelp reviews and receiving recommendations from a fellow Yelper. I knew the layout, what to expect and that service was horrible. I do not understand why the steam rooms are first. Sure, you can choose as you see fit but I went in them first because they were the first rooms I saw. After sitting through the torture of them, the other hot rooms felt like a cake walk.   The entire experience is mini torture with a small amount of pleasure. I mean intense heat or steam is punishment in and of itself. Unless you have had the opportunity to spend time at Lucifer's crib. This intense heat made cold water a real treat. I never dumped the bucket of cold water on myself. I chose to splash a little here and  there. Another option is a dip in the ice cold water. It is freakishly cold. I tried it once. OMG! You deserve a medal if you give this a try. It was frost bite cold. But, I preferred cooling off in polar bear room. It is a cold room. Puts you in the mind of entering a nice cool place after spending hours baking in extreme sun. It was the perfect way to cool off before moving to what felt like the next torture chamber. While this all felt challenging to say the least. I also felt calmer, lighter and refreshed. At the same ---- time. Bring your own towel, flip flops and at least 33 oz of water. They sell small Fiji bottles for $3. I bought my huge bottle from the store down the hall for $3. The lockers are average size for a spa. I was able to pack my things without issue. I did not have a backpack but I had a good bit of stuff.
I have mixed feelings about Russian Turkish baths... Yes, I like the ambience, and it is relaxing, but close your eyes and think about it.... everyone is sweating, everyone is sharing a pool, so there might be sweat in this pool... I still like this place-- it is simple, classy, and relaxing, but if you want to enjoy this place, don't think about it... Not a place for germaphobes. And the adventure continues...
This place is a dump. The people who run it don't give a crap about you or weather or not you have a good experience. I came here on my birthday ready to have a massage and spend the afternoon. We ended up walking out when they demanded that we go back to our room and bring them back Jewelry to secure payment even though we had cash in hand. The Russian jerk at the counter was disrespectful and said he did not care about our business. We have found this attitude to be the norm at the Castle Beach Club from the Valet to the to the snack stand they actually think they are doing you a favor by doing business there. Skip this place, By the way the massage dose not even include the cost of admission to the spa that is $35 more per person. We were told the place is owned by Russians. With service like that I can understand why we dislike them so much.
This place is amazing! I was a bit hesitant with coming, but then man-ed up and came... Wow! I was so wrong... Place is amazing! The rain room was amazing!
So, a friend of mine invites me to go with him here.... he had to talk me into it because I equated this to "bath houses" that aren't really bath houses... he reassured me it was not that kind of place, and I apprehensively agreed to go. So glad I did! So the place is downstairs (which did not alleviate my fears) Anyhow they will lock up your goodies, then give you the key & it corresponds to a lock in the locker room to lock up your clothes. They give you 2 towels, put one in your locker for after & bring one with. So after I throw on my suit, I go out to meet my guy on the other side ready for some serious sauna action. Rooms: -Russian room -- hotter than hades, where we started and ended our circuit -Polar room -- took a break between rooms in here, its nice to go hot/cold/hot/cold - the 3 room section: one I can't remember the name, the Aromatherapy room (my fave, its a steamy one), and the cedar room -infrared room -hydrotherapy room --- AWESOMELY fun -- you literally unleash a fire hose on each other... most fun deep tissue massage ever (I think that's it, I might have missed one) Tips: -bring LOTS of water, you will sweat out every toxin in your body it would be a tragedy to dehydrate -dump the freezing water on your head it feels really good -bring LOTS of water -be careful walking between rooms, it's a little slick in your flip flops -bring LOTS of water -you can buy additional services (get beat by a Russian man with sticks etc) -bring LOTS of water -don't wear make-up, you will be a hot sweaty mess & drenching yourself with COLD water -bring LOTS of water Just go and detoxify yourself, you'll like it!!
The day I finally let my co-worker drag me out to the Russian and Turkish baths was filled with a mixture of excitement and a sprinkle of dread. I sat quietly in the front seat, trying not to entertain nightmarish visions of stark, morgue-like rooms with large, sour-faced Russian women scrubbing and beating me with no regard to my level of comfort or relaxation. I was pleasantly surprised upon arriving to discover a very different kind of place. The romantic, curvy statues, the ornate mirrors, folksy artwork and breath-taking natural rock areas throughout the spa make any visitor feel a million miles away from the spastic pace of a Miami weekday. The schvitz is an experience in and of itself. Have a seat on the wood and stone bleachers, and let the nostril-searing heat draw all the crap you've accumulated your entire life out through your pores. "FROM WHENCE YOU CAME", I shouted to the flurry of toxins as they evaporated by the single halogen lightbulb of the schvitz. If you smell yourself starting to cook, no worries. Just grab one of the plastic buckets in the room, fill it with freezing cold water from the reservoir and toss it over your head. The shock of the cold lasts only a second and quickly turns to relief as the water warms. If you can handle the process of dunking yourself in a tank of ice-cold water upon exiting the schvitz, consider yourself thoroughly cleansed and rejuvenated. I only got crotch deep in the tank and quickly leapt back out when I felt the blood crystallizing in my legs. Make your way to the gentle fragrance of the Russian aromatherapy room and prepare to FORCE yourself out. The gently lit room, thick walls of steam and subtle fumes are dangerously relaxing. If you REALLY wanna get your smell on, visit the larger, much darker Turkish aromatherapy room and bask in the unavoidable stank of lavender, and contemplate the mysteries of what the hell those lion head sculptures, sequentially attached to the walls, are for. Feeling tense? Still chilly from your post-Schvitz dunk? Plunge thyself in the scalding, rolling boil of the Ocean Jacuzzi, and stand under the "waterfall" as it hammers away the knots in your shoulders. If you start to feel light-headed - and you will - cool off in the Polar Bear room. Frigid by normal standards, this unassuming little room feels like a gentle breeze after all you've been through. If you're STILL not relaxed and have some spare cash to burn, holler at Michel, the resident masseuse. In just 30 minutes, this sweet and funny Cubano will tear up those knots and make you feel like a million bucks. He even hooked my girl up with a free t-shirt because he didn't want her to catch a cold while waiting outside for the valet. What a doll. I truly cannot wait to go back and try the Platza treatment and the cafe fare. Scrounge up $30, pack up your swimsuit and flip-flops and set a couple of hours aside for this unusual treat. You can thank me later.
Oh my god, where am I? This place exists outside of Miami. There simply isn't anything familiar about the Russian Turkish Baths and I might as well stake my place as a regular. Let's put it this way, if your friend/date/or otherwise blindfolded you, stuck you in the passenger seat and led you into the Russian Turkish Baths, you'd probably be convinced that in a short drive you've actually crossed the Atlantic, backpacked across Western Europe and landed in some sacred local's retreat in Eastern Europe. It's that special. Before you head there expecting some fancy spa experience, be prepared, there's nothing flashy about this amazing spot. They will beat you with tea leaves in the competitively hot wooden sauna. You'll have buckets of ice cold water dumped over your head. You'll hop in and out of polar bear rooms and aromatherapy steam rooms. Your friend will shoot you mercilessly with a firehose. You'll take a dip in the massive sea water whirlpool with water derived directly from the ocean (and since this spa resides oceanfront, it's pretty conceivable that the water you're currently wading in has somehow traveled from God's creation into this otherworldly wellspring), and the whole while, you'll wonder how you even found this holy place. There's just nothing more I can say, gah, so good! Tips: No need to book an appointment, just show up. If it's your first time, I think the best way to enjoy it is with a friend or S.O. It's co-ed, (but everyone's in a bathing suit). $35/person for the whole day and you even get access to the outdoor pool! You'll have to valet, but it should be $4 to $8 dollars with validation from the spa. There's a juice bar on-site.
This unique spa is relaxing and stimulating at the same time. The Miami baths are beautiful, with grecian statues and faux stone walls giving the feeling of an underground ancient grotto, with well maintained fixtures and a clean environment. The locker rooms are clean and modern, with multi-head private showers. You then move on to the huge salt water jacuzzi, with a high pressure waterfall perfect for massaging tension out of tense shoulders and lower back. From there, you have the choice of a dry heat sauna, a turskish hamam soap room perfect for an exfoliating scrub, an aromatherapy room filled with soothing botanically scented steam, and the shvitz, an ultra heated steam room heated by hot boulders (no joke)! Showers are strategically placed in and outside the individual rooms for cool downs, as well as two tubs of ice water which you...get this...fully immerse yourself in! The hot to cold is traditional in the shvitz, and it actually increases circulation and gives an overall sense of well being. It takes guts to jump into the cold water the first time, but once you try it you'll be a believer. For those who can't bring themselves to do it that way, a polar room has recently been added for a water free cool down. This place is perfect for a post indulgence recovery, a chance to relax and chat with friends, discuss business deals, or pamper yourself and your significant someone. Admission to the spa has the added bonus of granting admission to the private hotel pool and beach access, the poolside bar, and the russian style kitchen run by mama shvitz. Try the chicken kiev and the mushroom barley soup...extra sour cream! Also available; traditional leaf massage in the shvitz, turkish soap massage in the hamam, mud wraps, seaweed wraps, swiss massages and a variety of muds, creams, and bathing supplies. (bring your favorites from home, too!) Bar none, my favorite way to indulge myself....but I guess thats pretty obvious by now, isn't it? ~Jewel
Be forewarned: If you ask me about my vacation to Miami Beach, I will probably begin waxing poetic about Russian Turkish Baths. For at least twenty minutes. It was the day before I was to leave the sunny southeast and I wanted to get in some serious R&R before returning to my office job in dreary, frigid Chicago. Minor complication--it was also Christmas Eve and almost no spas were open. None except Russian Turkish Baths, that is. Walking down Collins, I actually passed the Castle Beach Club. Several times. Finally working up the nerve, I followed an older fellow into the aging, nearly vacant condominiums, dead-quiet and covered in scaffolding. A tough-as-nails-looking security guard took down my driver's license number--seriously--and I warily headed into the building's underbelly. The spa's odd location? Just the first indicator of what a unique experience I was about to have. Following the customers before me, I plunked my phone, iPod, and wallet in the secure valuables box, a relic from when it was common for gents to be carryin' and needed to check their , uh, security at the door. Collecting two towels and a locker key, I shuffled into the tidy, modern women's locker room. Strip down to a bathing suit, lock up your clothes and bag, and brace yourself for the best high pressure shower you've encountered. Leaving the locker room, spa goers generally start in the massive ocean water fed Jacuzzi. Standing beneath the huge waterfall pouring from the ceiling is a great way to work out knots in your back and shoulders. From there, meander to the multitude of steam rooms including the floral-scented Russian room, the incredibly humid, lavender-scented Turkish hammam with cold ocean water , and a redwood lined room. Part of the Russian banya experience is the interplay between hot and cold, so be sure to take advantage of the cold plunges, showers, and waterfalls dispersed through the facility. After enjoying a ton of time blissed out in the Russian room, perched atop my towel and sweating out a week of too-much-fun in South Beach, I began wandering, trying to gather the courage to try the Schvitz, the 200* steam room. In the meantime, I came to love the Swedish hydrotherapy (I was there alone and a friendly snowbird from Cape Cod offered to administer it), a room in which your sore muscles get blasted with water from a fire house. Calm and relaxed (only briefly), I poured some icy buckets over my head and entered the Schvitz. I observed a platza (not for the faint-of-heart) and one of those famous bathhouse scrubs, inhaled the nostril-searingly hot, humid air, laid on the warm oaken benches and emerged a new woman. Other awesome facilities include private and couples rooms for shiatsu and deep tissue (I think?) massage, mud masques, a cold room, a warm rain room, and an awesome infra-red dry sauna. The vibe here is great--it's not a meat market but rather a community space with Russian natives, snowbirds, young folks recuperating from a brutal weekend (hey, Miami can sure party!) and even families. In light of this, people were eager to help me out and show me how to get the most out of my experience as a first timer. To boot, Russian Turkish Baths has a great little café with Eastern European food and drinks for sale. Despite this place being very, very no-frills, it has an amazing variety of services and facilities available. Polished tile and $100 skin treatments it ain't... but, nonetheless, this Midwestern girl that entered with blocked up sinuses and unhappy skin exited refreshed, squeaky clean, relaxed, and happy.
Found this gem from yelpers. Where should I start, first of all you do not need to use the valet, there is a large public city parking lot on the 53rd block. But if you use the valet once you get your ticket validated by the Bath it is only 4$, rather than paying the full 18$ for valet. This place has multiple cold and hot treatment rooms,  I have never experienced anything like this place before.  You even have private rooms for massage and also skin treatments. The  women who work inside the facility seem very helpful and friendly.I loved the pressurized  heated sea water being dropped on my head or back or  how ever I wanted it. I need to  frequent  a place like this since I run and lift weights.You also have access to the hotel pool and small weight room,  there is also a juice bar/restaurant on location. My body feels like I just went through super therapy in this place. They also will provide you with towels and flip flops I believe.I have I can only imagine what else I can discover in South Florida using yelp.   PRICES & SERVICES Admission * 1 Day $35.00 * 3 Day $80.00 * 5 Day $135.00 Massage * 1 hr $90 *30 min $55 * 45 min $75.00 Dead sea salt scrub * $55 Black mud treatment * $55 Soap scrub * $55 Platza oak leaf * $40 Hamman oak leaf * $40 NOTES -if you come in a group you can barter the entry price.. -they also have packages. -they take all major credit cards. -tell them it is your first time and ask for a tour. UPDATE: I had recently tried the massage with Cassandra. This is the best deep tissue massage I have had outside of massages I received in China. She is very strong and apply's a the Massage routine unique like the girls I experienced in Asia. 2nd UPDATE I had a massage with Lilly, coincidentally she is Cassandras sister. Before we started I had identified the area where I wanted to be worked on the most.The deep tissue massage was incredibly relieving. I loved the massage technique of Lilly, it was unique in its own right. I realized during the massage that Lilly had mastered the science of applying different levels of pressure. The massage was so therapeutic It took me like 10 minutes just to get up after the massage.
My neighbor dragged me here after me declining his offer before. Man, I should have come the first time he asked. The hotel it's in is really close to our building, and the fact valet parking is only $4 was a plus. $31 and I have the whole day to spend in multiple rooms for as long as I want? SOLD. Didn't go into the steam rooms, but the salt water jacuzzi was fantastic, the polar bear room was refreshing, and the room at the end of the hall...he called it Hell. If you can't take the heat, try it anyway. You won't regret this place for a second. Even though people are walking around in bathing suits, it's a relaxed atmosphere and great conversations with people you'd never meet elsewhere. Never knew what I was missing, which explains why we were there 5 hours. I'll slowly become a regular.
4 or 5 star, maybe 4.5. As a native, I can say there is NOTHING like this place anywhere near the tri-county area. So bonus star for uniqueness. There are sooo many reviews for this establishment that has been around for a good long time - Most affordable day spa sums it up best. No better dollar value for the general admission. It's a little pricier on the specialty treatments - the massages going well in excess of the norm in Miami (with an additional admission fee) - so minus a star Dingy - I don't think so - in fact I found it to be remarkably clean considering the volume of water, heat and people in a below grade structure. Does it show it's age here and there, yes, considering it's in the former Playboy Hotel built in the 1930's. (ohh, if the walls could talk) A couple of tips - Come early (opens at noon) if your don't want to be freaked by the crowd and stay as long as you like. (I swear, NO ONE is encouraging you to leave). Trust the lockers - leave want you want there. (phone, snacks) All the charges are billed to your locker # so no money or purse is necessary and you don't want to schlep them anyway. DRINK LOTS and LOTS of WATER. We brought our own water bottles. If you are too squeamish to drink tap then bring extra bottles. YOU WILL NEED THEM!!!!! If you are going to spurge (and I fully recommend that you do) then find Sergey in the Russian Room (all the way in the back) and let him beat you to 50 shades of Grey. Yes Sir! Don't argue, just trust him. He will beat those bad little toxins right on out. A little negative - the cafe didn't open till 4:30 and I was starving and there is some construction going on near the pool area. WE thought we would go to the pool but after so many rounds of hot and cold clean water, the thought of chlorine didn't appeal. Who knew such a day could whoop you so good. A delightful lunch and 1 beer and I slept like the dead and woke up renewed.
Remember when you were a kid and spent an ungodly amount of the time in the bath tub until your parents screamed, "get the hell out of there already!!" Then you ran around and showed your shriveled up raisin fingers to everyone you crossed paths with? You can relive those days again! For $35 (+ $2 tax if you pay with plastic) for an entire day (Noon - 12) and they are open 365 days a year. So you can walk in the day after thanksgiving and burn off those calories without having to work out. (The freezing cold buckets of water that will mercilessly be dumped on top of you will help you burn an insane amount of calories, as your body fights to keep your organs warm. Bet you didnt know that. Well, now you do) BUT, if you're a more reasonable person you can actually workout. There's a gym on premises. And you'll usually have it all to yourself. Let me tell you, this is the most relaxing experience of my whole life. The changing of temperatures really does a number on you. You really should  dump those buckets of cold water on you after the hot steam rooms. The few seconds of shreaking-cold horror are well worth it. You feel the blood run through all your muscles- followed by a deep relaxing feeling. You will leave there feeling like a new person. The vibe is great too. It's such a giddy-fun time in the rain room. Or when you're getting hosed down by your buddies. You end up laughing and bonding with the other strangers there. Might be a good place to meet a new boy-toy (or girl. Depending on what you're into) The ocean-water-jacuzzi is warm and fun. Didn't taste like salt to me though. Which was a plus. There is so much water running around this place and it almost made me feel guilty thinking on what this does to the environment. I said almost. And if sun is what you crave, they have a huge pool at your disposal. Germ-a-phobe? Then they have direct access to the beach. Do's: - Make sure you get your ticket stamped for the valet. It's only $4. $20 w/o it. -Take a bottle of drinking water. Despite the plethora of running water. There's no water fountain. And I don't recommended drinking the fart water everyone has been twirling around in. Small cafeteria bottled water = $5 ! -Take your own lunch/dinner. Food there is overpriced. And eat in the changing room. Don't get caught. -Take your the bathing suit that makes your body look bangin'. Lots of cuties. -Take your best slip-resistant flip-flops. 24/7 water on the floors. Don't slide around moldy floors barefoot. Ew. -Take more than one towel from home. Although they provide them there. They have a funky feel/smell. Don't: -Take your camera/cell phone/Ipod. Water and steam everywhere. People will splash you even when you try to avoid getting wet. Water and electronics don't mix well. Unless you enjoy shock -therapy or are on some kind of suicidal mission. -accept services out of a whim. They will approach you. Services are not free. ask for prices. -forget to shave. that's gross to look at let alone share a jacuzzi with.
I went again today and much to my pleasant surprise the pool is open! There is still minor construction going on but nothing annoying. I am so relaxed. When I was leaving and ready to pay, the man behind the counter offered to sell me a 10 visit card. He made an offer I couldn't refuse. I bought a card for 10 visits and they didn't charge my husband or myself for today's visit and knocked 10 bucks off the 10 visit card. This means I saved the $60 for today's visit, another $10 he knocked off and then got 10 visits for 20 a piece, which saved me another $100 in the long run = $170.    :)   If you can get this deal, go for it but after you have enjoyed the spa and are ready to pay out. Oh and they won my heart over even more when I walked in to find a cat cage in the lobby with some adoptable lil' stray kitties that were found on the property. Aw, THEY HAVE HEARTS!
I've been to this place three times and every time I've had such a relaxing experience...aaahhh I cant wait to go back. I know the photos posted on the website look somewhat creepy/dingy, and it looks like they host big orgies, but it's a total legitimate bath house experience. It's a good place to relax and clear your mind. I totally recommend it! p.s Bring lots of water and extra towel.       Valet parking $5
Wow is all i can say when it comes to the Russian and Turkish Baths. It was such a relaxing experience and i cant wait to go back. Looks really shady at first and the first thing that goes through your mind is 'where the hell am i?' but as soon as you got to the locker room to leave your things and head into the ocean water whirlpool you become instantly relaxed. Theres also an aromatherapy steam room which was great and sauna's which help you detox. Its $37 with tax and you also get access to the hotel's beach and pool Things to make sure of: Bring your own towel bring water pack light (lockers are small) eat before, the juice bar is expensive.
I have been going here for years, so this is a review long overdue. You arrive at the old Castle condominium, which in itself has it's own sorted history. I remember back in the early nineties the pool collapsed and flooded the underground garage. Then not too long ago a fire started somewhere on a lower roof. Eventually the whole building was shut down and all the condo owners had to move out while the place was fixed up. None of this has any relevance to the BATHS, other than that they were shut down for at least 1 year. FINALLY, when they re-opened, I was happy to see it was just where it left off. The lobby (and the entire place for that matter) has random ornate statues and sculptures, some tacky, some lovely. After getting your towels and locker key, you change and head into the first room, the Saltwater Jacuzzi that uses water from the ocean. There is also a heavy stream of water pouring down in the middle of it, splashing everyone in there. The ceiling tile work is great to look at. After that you have various other rooms to explore; The Turkish Hammam (which recently has been WAY too hot), the Aromatherapy Steam Room, Swedish Dry Sauna, Infrared Sauna and Polar Bear Room (COLD!).  After these rooms I usually get a drink at the Russian Snack Bar. With the Russian Cable station on the TV and a Russian staff, I feel compelled to be authentic, so I always get the Russian Seltzer Water BORJOMI, which is awesome and gross at the same time. The Final stop is the Russian SHVITZ, which is a long room @ about 200 degrees F. After about 30 seconds, I usually ready to get out of there, but I usually force myself into 1 minute of egg-frying detoxification. Then I step out and dunk myself into the FRIGID ICE POOL. Pleasurable and Torturous at the same time, there is nothing like it. Oh yeah, they also opening up the HOSE-YOU-DOWN room, so you can go and HOSE your friends and family down with a real fire hose at Maximum pressure. FYI, don't aim for the nether-regions. Everytime I go, I have a wonderful experience. Its a great place to go with Family and Friends.
Unfortunately, when I went they were re-varnishing a few of the saunas so they smelled like paint!  And I'm sure breathing in the fumes was terrible for my lungs. Personally, I think they should close down when painting. It's too toxic. I did enjoy the very strong deluge in the jacuzzi. The pressure of that thing pounding down on my shoulders was incredible!  The eucalyptus sauna had to be my favorite. It smelled and felt amazing. The aromatherapy steam room wasn't worthy of it's name, as there wasn't too much aromatherapy that I could detect. The Russian sauna was super hot. I got yelled at by the platza master for using his branches to flog myself. The were sitting right outside the sauna with no suggestion not to use. How was I to know? Sorry, dude!  The real reason for only two stars though is that my massage was crappy. Totally uneven, no rhythm or rhyme. Her hands were all over the place without dedication to detail or timing. The pressure was uneven and inconsistent. And she really hurt my forearm. The pain is still present the following day. My advise, go for the saunas, skip the massage unless you can get a recommendation of someone good.
I never thought I could sympathize with plight of an oven-baked turkey on Thanksgiving, but the universe conspired to make us brethren nonetheless and in the process, introduced me to one of the coolest... um, make that HOTTEST places in all of Miami. Russian Turkish Baths is a Miami curiosity and a closely held secret by the people that frequent this place.  I'd say that if Hell had the ultimate spa to reward its minions for meeting their soul quotas, it would be this place! It is where pleasure and pain come together to create a union of fire and ice, to bring order to your toxified skin, tired and sore muscles and stressed, tormented soul.  Am I being dramatic?  Go for yourself and you will see that it is an apt description. This grotto-like labyrinth holds many rooms, each designed perfectly to treat your body to the ultimate forms of relaxation.  Rooms include Turkish steam room, dry finish sauna, hamam with waterfall, infrared sauna, rain room, ocean water jacuzzi, polar bear sauna and that my absolute favorite: the Russian shvitz which is apparently located directly inside an active volcano.  To single out a room is to do disservice to the others, each one being a unique experience all its own.  In between these searing sauna sessions, there are ice pools scattered about, that you can dip in or simply pour on your head for a near heart-attack inducing jolt of life and coldness.  Yang, meet Yin!  And to top it all off, they offer some great spa treatments, including the absolute BEST massage I have ever had.  I am convinced that that the lady who administered my massage has a titanium skeleton and kills grizzly bears with her bare hands for fun... strong, confident strokes that pinpointed every sore muscle and knot and expertly tamed them. Wow! What can I say about this place?  I can write a book about my experience, but it is all for not, until you experience it for yourself.  And don't worry.  This is not the place filled with fat, old white men with sagging manboobs talking about the good old days.  Instead, you will find yourself among some surprisingly young, fit and good looking Miamians who have discovered this hidden gem.  I love this place and the $35 fee is a deal, considering you can easily spend the whole day here, taking in the baths, the gym, beautiful ocean-side pool and restaurant!   As an added bonus, I can now live my life to its ultimate pinnacle of debauchery and pleasure, knowing that after my time inside the Russian Shvitz, I no longer fear Hell's heat.
One of my favorite new things to do. Great place to be around health conscious people. I have had many enjoyable chats with interesting folks here. This is not a hook-up spot from my experience, just a place for people to go relax and detoxify. I have been a few times and the staff is helpful and you can tell they care about their business, which is a rare fukin thing in this town. there are a bunch of options to indulge in, and there is a reasonable flat fee and you can stay as long as you like. Towels, lockers and slippers are included. I personally dig the way the place looks and feels, and it is definitely clean. The place has a real spiritual vibe to it. enjoy
You know you are in a legit Russian Turkish Bath when a 6'2'' Russian, weighing 285, strolls past you wearing a tracksuit with the word "Russia" strewn across his shoulders. For being as old as the place is (I think it was built in the late 60s), I expected some grime, but it was clean enough. My two favorite rooms were the schvitz (who knew pouring ice cold water on yourself and your date could be so exhilarating) and the aromatherapy room (it's easy to get lost in the steam). This is a good occasional date spot as it gets you nice and limber before a round of pilates/whatever you want to call it. My one tip is: instead of tossing the keys to the valet, I'd recommend parking in the public lot north of the Eden Roc and walking the one block north to the hotel/Turkish Bath - otherwise the location can be a bit hard to find and the attendant is anything but... ps. Effie's review is spot on!
Really old school way of leaving reality for a little while,  The salty waterfall in the middle of the jacuzzi obviates the need for a real hands-on massage, and there's a great variety of saunas - hot, cold, aromatherapy, eucalyptus, steamy and dry. Note that the outdoor pool area is under construction and the beach isn't well kept, but the indoor spa area is great.
I know their website makes this place look a little shady, somewhat dirty, and crowded but I've been here many times, and fortunately none of these things are true! There are many different rooms to choose from, all are clean and none are dark/creepy, and besides my visit today (which I will get to in a minute) there have always been maybe a little more than a handful or less of people in the spa. I like to come to the baths because it's relaxing, enjoyable, and there really isn't any place like it in Miami. Today however when I came here around 1pm, there was a very large group of people who came on a bus for a day tour of Miami. I understand people might hear about the baths and want to come for a spa type of day, but when the group is about a dozen or more people who are all congregating together anywhere they go in the spa it ruins the experience and relaxation for anyone else there. The owners should either limit the amount of people in a group, or make them rent the place out. I know that would mean no one else would be able to use it that day, but honestly I'd rather of not been able to enter today than be subjected to that again, awful. Come on a weekday if you can, it's almost all yours and all the rooms are at the temperatures they should be at since no one else is in there or opening/closing the doors :-)
I am torn on the number of stars for the Russian Turkish Baths. It is located in a nice looking hotel but as soon as you enter the Russian Turkish Baths it looks kind of dingy and weird. Luckily I was with a group of girls so all was good. When you go to check in, this stern man asks to see your confirmation from PayPal if you paid in advance online (he tried to crack a joke when I was leaving but I found it hard to laugh). I tried to show him my confirmation on my cell phone but he would not accept it even though their website says a cellphone confirm is fine so for those who do not have a print out there is a store on the same floor that will charge you $2 for printing stuff. After giving my print out, you have to put something into a small locker at check-in so that you can get a key for the locker rooms. They give you two towels which is nice but the locker room overall is really small for the volume of people - one shower and one bath. The variety of rooms at the Russian Turkish Baths are amazing. I wasn't sure what to expect but there are a handful of different spa rooms ranging from incredibly hot rooms to very cold rooms. I've never seen a rain room before. I liked how they had a refreshment bar too in case you just wanted to chill, get a drink and watch some tv. We tried to search for the beach but it seemed far from the Russian Turkish Baths so beware if the thought entices you. No one who worked there could give us directions to exactly how to get there but to point in a direction and tell us how nice it was. It was funny. And lastly some of their other visitors who were there that day were questionable. Couples were harmless but one particular group of men was making rude and at times racist comments to my group of friends. Granted that is not directly correlated to the business but does leave a bad taste. It makes me just want to stick to just all women spas now however if you take those men out of the equation I just might go back.
I was in need of some serious detox and relaxation and a friend said lets have a girl day at this Turkish baths place I was recent;y taken too it has several different types of saunas.  At first sight its a bit odd...its in this rather old building on Collins and you go down to what seems to be a basement. the decor is rather shabby but keep going... If you keep an open mind it gets better.  First you lock up your valuables and then you get a regular locker for your clothing.  Then the first thing you find is this fabulous salt water Jacuzzi with powerful water shooting down the ceiling that will massage your shoulders and back....can you say ahhhhhh...then you have choices for sauna's!  Yes, choices you can go in the aromatherapy sauana, the hamma, the fire dry sauna, the rain room (where you can control the pressure of the rain and the temperature) the ultimately hot sauna (which I didn't make it into) freezing cold water to cool you off from the steaminess.  A relaxation room in case you need a nap after all the relaxation going on.  For $30 you can spend the day there and enjoy all the different options or just hang in the salt water jacuzzi.   It was a great day and very relaxing worth venturing out, its recommended to go during the week since you'll practically have the place to yourself on the weekends I've heard it can be crowded.
The saunas are co-ed (so you can't relax in the buff) and there is only one shower in the locker room and one shower in the general area - both with apparently no lighting at all. The Turkish Baths could definitely use some remodeling... all of the saunas have makeshift heaters surrounded by large metal plates which ruined the ambiance, not very luxurious. I would not return due to the steam sauna not being hot enough and parking is valet only. However they do have an ocean supplied whirlpool.
Hoping to find at least one good Turkish bath and steam room in the Miami area, this was a letdown. Aside from it being dirty and dreary, the water is luke warm! Even the tacky, kitchy decor dosen't help. Finally, the fact that it is in a third rate hotel seals its fate. I can safely say that you can spend your time in better places.
Love this place!!! For $30 bucks you get unlimited time in the baths and access to the beach. Please do take in the decor  in the lobby and restaurant, it's so tacky it's fabulous. Love the Russian bear statues. Imagine if you will, Versailles (the Cuban restaurant) but spa like. I started by day with a few hours on the beach. Since there is no public access to the beach, there are not many people around. Yay! Note you can check in, store your stuff in the safe deposit boxes and the lockers and just use the pool or go to the beach until you are ready for your steam extravaganza. At about 4 I went to, as I bbmed to a friend, "get my steam on". Started in the salt water jacuzzi, moved on the the swedish sauna, the aromatherapy steam, the turkish hammam (my favorite), the infrared, the polar bear room and then the grand daddy of them all, the schvitz. NOTE you have to drink LOTS of water and make use of the showers & ice water tubs in between rooms. It was my first time there but people were nice and friendly and gave me suggestions or guidance when I asked. No creepy vibes at all. I would suggest going earlier rather than later. I left at about 6:30 and the place had definitely gotten busier and noisier.  I prefer to sweat in peace and quiet. All in all a great experience. I felt totally refreshed and invigorated when I left. As I bbmed the same friend after "ok, it was paradise. angels singing and sh*t."
This place is a gem!! I'm not going to lie, the place is a little bit raunchy. Keep an open mind and you'll enjoy this place. What to bring: a bathing suit, chancletas (flip-flops) and ladies a brush for your hair. The idea is you go from one extreme temperature to another. Ex. Super hot sauna and then you dump ice cold water either in the room or just outside. The atmosphere is very laid back. They serve beer, food and have rooms you can even nap in. Definitely worth checking out.
After my sister insisted we needed so much needed spa time, she suggested the Russian Turkish Baths! So we decided to take a drive in her convertible to North Miami Beach, it;s located in a older hotel, kinda haunted in my opinion. Anyways security told us to head downstairs to out russian spa experience. Honestly i didnt know what to expect but I was up for anything. At there entrance there was some odd statue and some strange looking mafia turkish men. He said "place keys  wallet in lockbock, with no hesitation" I was skeptical but did so. We paid online  so it was 35$ per person. I think it was a litte cheaper. Anyways we entered this strange grotto looking undergrounf turkish baths. He gaves us keys to the locker room we changed into our bathing suits and headed to the jacuzzi. It was relaxing. There was different room, steam rooms, aromatherpy, cold...noooo really  ice baths, Showers, rainfall showers. It was fun, theres a option for a dead sea salt scrub and mask for $50 I will def get that next time. One condition: this place is UNISEX, so It may feel wierd for some ppl., didnt really bother me. There was one room that was like a firehouse and squirted water really fast and you lay down on some table, It was hilarious. After the spa you can head out to the pool or the beach in the back. It was def worth the price. The place attrach the turkish and russion foreigners so dont be suprised. Theres also some wierd leaf wacker bush they use. I saw some big russion lady walking around with the leaf weed wacker, I thought it was a fan but apperantly you smack someone with it! WTH?? Anyways I'll be back def for the mask and sea salt scrubs! O Turkish Baths,,,, you were a experience!
I went in the evening, so my review is only for the indoor portion. 30 dollar entry (was gifted a groupon though, so got in free, scwhing!) 4 dollar valet: Thank you 8lb 3oz sweet baby Jesus. I am on the verge of boycotting all places where parking is more than 5 dollars. This place was a lot of fun with a Little group. There were a fair amount of couples there, and I could have gone without the googly eyes and foreplay, but it was the night time. And they weren't too over the top. But you will be reminded how single you are.. They have like 6 rooms perhaps, you can lay in the rain, schvitz til your heart's content... or combustion. The polar room: brrrrr. Hamam, spray each other with a fire hose, the website gives a good overview. Why not 5 stars say you? Minus one: SUPER rude man in the front basically screamed at my sister when she asked for a towel. We didn't get any when we went in and when she went to ask for the 3 of us he blew a gasket and accused her of lying about not getting our preliminary towels. He also was getting sassy on the PA about towels, and said on a few occasions, "I make the rules." Well how about you make like banana and SPLIT! Now that I am thinking about this and what a %$#*^% this guy was I almost want to snatch back another star. Minus the other one: The general hygienics of the place is one of those things that makes you go hmmmm. I guess it's clean? I guess? I guess this is part of the experience. I did get some other people's hair on me when leaving the hot tub, which kinda grossed me out. There are just so many sweaty and kinda nakey people (swimsuits, some more euro than others) it just seems impossible to be squeaky clean. Anyway: it was a blast! So relaxing, and I will definitely be back. I will just be sure to wear flip flops again, get my towels in the beginning, and pop that towel guy in the mouth one good time.
No-frills, and a little confusing to figure out at first, but a wonderfully relaxing and detoxifying alternative to a traditional spa day. My friend and I were in heaven after enjoying all the saunas, steam rooms, saltwater jacuzzi, cold plunge, aromatherapy room, refreshing "Polar Bear" cool room, and the fun firehose-massage room. Afterward, we spent a while on the little private beach out behind the pool area. The pool area seems to be a work in progress. Anyway, it's all more than worth it for $30 admission, half that if you buy a package special on their website. plus $4 for the valet parking (get your ticket stamped). Massages and other treatments are extra. Tips: * Wear flip-flops with good traction that you don't mind getting soaking wet. * Bring a LOT of water to drink, at least two or three large bottles per person. You will go through it. * Bring a beach towel, sunscreen and a book for lounging at the pool and beach areas next to the baths. * The baths admission fee includes a safe deposit box for valuables, which is at the front desk, plus a locker-room locker to keep your clothes and so forth. You carry the key around the baths with you on an elastic band. * The locker-room lockers are as tall as a small kitchen cabinet, but very narrow. I had trouble stuffing my backpack in. So don't bring too much. * There is a cafe, but it's a tad overpriced (example: $8 for a smoothie). The rules say no outside food, but you can probably get away with packing a picnic or snacks, especially if you eat it out on the beach.
My partner found a coupon to this place, 2-for-1, so we went based on the advice of a friend. Honestly, I don't think I can add any more to the numerous other reviews that are very humorous (well written!) and very detailed (in fact, I learned reading them that I missed a bunch of other stuff like that Schvitz room!), I really just want to vouch for everyone else's experiences and say what an AMAZING place this is!  Can't wait to go back.  I left there completely reborn!!!
Make sure to bring a scrub to rub on your body when you go into the baths. It helps with exfoliation and detox. I also recommend bringing your own towels as I find the ones they give you be way too thin and flimsy.
The facility can use an updating, some eucalyptus aromas....and I would like to rinse myself using buckets that do not say ACE Hardware".  The price is very reasonable, however.
I have found the best time to visit here is midweek, early afternoon.  The place is very clean and will accommodate your sauna needs.  It was also empty so if your a single female and you get upset over the creepy tourists, this is your time, the place seemed to get more populated by 6 or 7 pm.  Use the valet parking and get your ticket stamped, its the only way to go. The staff is nonexistent unless you know to go to the front desk to find them and then they will get you anything you need but ask for three towels from the start.  The place is extravagant, large steam rooms and Shvits that rival any spa I've been too.  The salt water tub is a great start, I enjoyed the high pressure water fall on my back and shoulders.  After a quick ice cold water rinse you will have one dry heat and two wet steam rooms close by.  The dry heat room is so hot that you will have to have a towel to sit on and to open the door.  I didn't see a temperature guage visible but I'm sure the rooms are well beyond the allowed temperature.  The two wet rooms, Turkish and aroma are very clean.  The Turkish room is super hot but you have a cold shower inside the room to cool off.  The aroma steam room is at a good temp and you can lie down inside and enjoy the steam.  If you go around the corner you will have the huge shvits sauna.  This room was super hot but is bearable because of the running water.  You can pour the buckets over your body and on the bench to cool off.  Right outside the shvits are a cold water rinse and two showers with full body sprays.   The mini deli they have is just for spa visitors, it has great food and the pricing is about what you would expect to pay at a spa.  I think its worth it, the herring was fresh and potatoes where cooked just right. The juices are made right at the time you ask.   A welcome site was the guy running the deli, he is Russian and you can talk to him in Russian and watch TV when you want a break.  He shows how professional he is by the way he prepares the food and serves it.  They have Baltika beer but not number "7", he takes the time to explain how each beer tastes and what the other Russian beverages are and how they taste.   Along the hallway to the Shvits are hydro therapy rooms, cold room, warm infrared room and a quarts room.  I tried each one and they are all very clean and well maintained.  Next to the deli I found a quiet room with nice cushioned bunk beds to take a nap in, this is common to have in Russian spa's and the room is cool and clean.  There are also mud therapy and massage rooms down this hall way as well, they require appointments through the front desk.   I decided on a half hour massage, its was at best OK but I won't do it again.  The masseuse is at best average.  She tried but if you don't know you can't do it.   I like this place because I can live without towels everywhere like at the NY spa's, you can walk out to the beach or pool and due to the size of the rooms I doubt it will ever seem crowded when I go.   So, the pros:  very clean, very well maintained, inexpensive, large expansive spa rooms, beach access, good deli and relaxing. Staff is nonexistent in a good way, when you want them they can be found The cons:  No towels, this means you have to go to the front desk to get a towel, it can be a pain because entails going back to the locker room to exit and walk down the hall to the desk, usually you are wet and it can be annoying.  Shower facilities and small locker room, might not be an issue for me but it needs to be noted.  There is one bench in the men's locker room and one shower along with ??  no towels...   I'll return to this place because I like the rooms they offer, I know how to deal with the towel issue and the locker room I can live with.  My spa days are long ones, I spend the day there when I go.  This place is better than the NY spa's by far, but it doesn't beat the NJ spa I used to go to.
My morning after glow is still shining after a Saturday night spent with The Russian Turkish Baths. Think of The RTB as the burly man-spa for the budget-conscience-spa-goer. For the extremely affordable price of $35 (just went up $5), I spent the whole night soaking, steaming, drying out, and of course, dumping ice-cold-water-buckets over my head. The spa is completely coed, so you do have to don a swimsuit, and believe me, at times, you are happy for that. My roomie and I wanted to really utilize all the rooms and take our time being worked over by the man-beast that is the RTB. The salt water jacuzzi was our first encounter and has a giant faucet that shoots out pounding water to massage your shoulders (make sure your swimsuit is tied tightly!). At first, I felt a bit violated (by this and other treatments), but then I grew to love being roughed up by RTB. After the jacuzzi, I went steam, cold shower to aromatherapy steam, to what?? I'm supposed to dump this ice cold water bucket on myself?!? After what seamed to be the longest 1,2,3, I successfully dumped the frigid water all over myself and successfully screeched uncontrollably, which amused the regulars. The more frigid buckets I dumped, the smaller my screeches became. Some of the steam and sauna rooms were equipped with these ice cold water buckets or showers as well. Another highlight was the Swedish-Hydrotherapy-hose-whatever. It's a fireman's hose that you can adjust the temp and pressure and hose your friend down for a surprisingly fun rub down. Definitely hit the RTB up when you need a one night stand to get roughed up and worked over. He'll wear you down, but it's worth every punishing treatment you can stand.
