Let me start by stating that I've had countless massages over the years. Massage is an essential part of my health regimen. My work is physically demanding and I need help keeping this tired, old carcass of mine performing at its' best! I was referred to Stewart at Bodies Kneaded by a client of mine whom I trust.  It's hard to find a masseur who can find all of my problem areas and massage them out with enough pressure. "Don't touch me unless you're willing to go deep!" I LOVE the location right off Espanola Way. I moved off South Beach eight years ago and love an excuse to visit the cute and unique areas still left on the Beach. From the moment I walked in until the the moment I walked out, the staff was entirely professional and courteous. It's clean, spacious and quiet yet the artwork says "We take our work seriously but our fun even MORE seriously.  I felt like I was home. Stewart greeted me and I felt immediately at ease. I could tell that he was someone I could imagine having drinks with later but he was extremely PROFESSIONAL.  He showed me to my room and left me to undress and get on the table. I immediately went to the bathroom first, as I do every massage; to pee and to spy. The bathroom was perfect (as I suspected). Now.............about the massage.....................did I mention that Stewart uses hot stones to heat the muscle? At one point I had to ask,  "Is that your hand?"  It felt like his hand but it was a STONE. In other words, the hot stones were an extension of his hands! Together, the hot stones and Stewart's intuitive hands were a tag team of relief!  FINALLY, someone to massage away the my weekly tension. YES, I said WEEKLY! I suggest trying Bodies Kneaded for an hour massage. If you like it as much as I did, buy in bulk and buy 90 minute full body massages. The price goes down when you buy 3 or more and 90 minutes is the only way to go (in my opinion). BE AWARE:  This is for deep tissue stress relief.  None of that light crap. "Don't touch me unless you're willing to go deep!"
I've had over 100 therapeutic massages in my day from a bunch of persistent injuries. While in buenos aires I was in the back of a taxi and a piece of metal flew off a truck, while a loud clang my amygdala reacted throwing my body to the seat with my arms cover my head and face. Thankfully, the metal only struck the window and didn't penetrate the car. Following this I was on a 10 hour flight to Miami. Needless to say my neck and shoulder tensed up on the flight. I needed a massage, bad. I looked up massage places on my trusty Yelp app and found this one. I walked in, was offered a water and to fill out a form on my background. The massage itself wasn't that fantastic. The therapist was using his elbow my shoulder but doing it so fast it felt uncontrolled. I get very nervous when someone is moving over my spine and neck with type of speed and power. I feel like he could have decreased the speed .5x and it would have been much more reasonable. I hate to write a review on just one experience but I wouldn't go back to this place.
Mariano gave me an awesome massage in this sanctuary by the sea. I had strained my back after too much yoga and the massage was so healing. I have tried massage around the world and really enjoyed the pressure and multiple techniques used by this master therapist. Mariano is also a talented artist and I really enjoyed my visit at Bodies Kneeded! Thank you:)
Let me start by stating that I've had countless massages over the years. Massage is an essential part of my health regimen. My work is physically demanding and I need help keeping this tired, old carcass of mine performing at its' best! I was referred to Stewart at Bodies Kneaded by a client of mine whom I trust.  It's hard to find a masseur who can find all of my problem areas and massage them out with enough pressure. "Don't touch me unless you're willing to go deep!" I LOVE the location right off Espanola Way. I moved off South Beach eight years ago and love an excuse to visit the cute and unique areas still left on the Beach. From the moment I walked in until the the moment I walked out, the staff was entirely professional and courteous. It's clean, spacious and quiet yet the artwork says "We take our work seriously but our fun even MORE seriously.  I felt like I was home. Stewart greeted me and I felt immediately at ease. I could tell that he was someone I could imagine having drinks with later but he was extremely PROFESSIONAL.  He showed me to my room and left me to undress and get on the table. I immediately went to the bathroom first, as I do every massage; to pee and to spy. The bathroom was perfect (as I suspected). Now.............about the massage.....................did I mention that Stewart uses hot stones to heat the muscle? At one point I had to ask,  "Is that your hand?"  It felt like his hand but it was a STONE. In other words, the hot stones were an extension of his hands! Together, the hot stones and Stewart's intuitive hands were a tag team of relief!  FINALLY, someone to massage away the my weekly tension. YES, I said WEEKLY! I suggest trying Bodies Kneaded for an hour massage. If you like it as much as I did, buy in bulk and buy 90 minute full body massages. The price goes down when you buy 3 or more and 90 minutes is the only way to go (in my opinion). BE AWARE:  This is for deep tissue stress relief.  None of that light crap. "Don't touch me unless you're willing to go deep!"
All I can say is:EXCELLENT HANDS! I am a regular massage client; usually Four Seasons which is more of a full service spa. This massage parlor was great for my Miami vacation. Very professional, thorough w/the hands & pleasant. I definitely recommend. Just don't give them your credit card info. to secure an appt. I did so and when I returned home I saw that they charged my card .01 cent.  Their explanation was that some people were not keeping appts & they needed to make sure they'd be compensated for their time so they run the card through to make sure it was legit.  WTH???   Needless to say I had a huge problem with this! It wasn't the amount of the charge, but the unauthorized charge that ticked me off. After about a month of back & forth the problem was finally resolved and he called with a sincere apology.   For this, I am not a fan &, I'll never return.
This is a quaint little spot on Drexel that I never knew existed. Stewart was absolutely ahhhhhhmazzzing! I had really bad tension in my neck, upper back and arms and he def kneaded it out.  He was so pleasant as we got to know each other during my session.  He made me feel very comfortable! I would go back for some more kneading for sure!
The most effective and pleasant deep tissue massage I ever had.   Stewart is absolutely the best.  He has a light hand and is very knowledgeable.  The location is also priceless and relaxing.  It was my first time at Bodies Kneaded and I will be back, whether I am in pain or not.
From the second you come in you get that calming and soothing vibe. I got the deep tissue massage with the hot stones.....amazing!!!! Stewart is incredible. I came in with really bad back pain and when I left I felt like I had a new back. He is very professional and nice. I highly recommend him.
My daughter who just turned 13 is an athlete and wanted a massage while on vacation.  We read these reviews and made an appt with stewart.  the place is funky and cool.  stewart was great putting her at ease immediately.  she said it was great massage.
My boyfriend and I came here for our massages during our vacation. I got the deep tissue and he got the Hot-Stone massage. We were so relaxed that we didn't want to leave! It was one of the best massages we have ever had (and we get massages often). If we lived in Miami, we would be regulars here!
Absolutely heavenly deep tissue massage.  We came in from the c-c-c-cold Midwest and were ready for some sun & relaxation.  The little massage studio is perfectly un-fancy, zero stuffiness.  For our visit there were two male therapists who ahuffled us into our respective rooms and kneaded us to heaven and back.  All of the art on the walls is by one of the guys (he's from Argentina and is kind, talented, and a great artist.)   Was $90 per person per hour.. $20 tip each.  More than worth it.  Ahhhh..... Ps --my hubby is 6'6" & about 270# & his deep tissue massage was in fact deeeep tissue and excellent which is no easy task for the masseuse!!
Visited Bodies Kneaded again over Valentine's Day weekend. What a wonderful way to celebrate the day. I emerged refreshed and refocused. Excellent. I have enjoyed treating myself to a good massage for special occasions over the past few years. This spa remains my favorite for its lasting impact on my wellness. He actually works the knots OUT not just around. He's excellent at identifying your specific areas of tension and concentrating on what you need. I love this place. Can't recommend it highly enough. Check it out while in Miami. You won't be disappointed.
This is a real massage by a real massage therapist. Bodies Kneaded offers a wide variety of massages and treatments.  I have gone three times now, for the deep tissue and hot stone massage, and have received consistently excellent care.  I suffer from extremely tense neck and shoulder muscles, and felt much better after each massage.  I highly recommend Stewart.  In addition, the place is clean, eclectically decorated and manages to be airy and cozy at the same time.
No frills deep tissue massage at a reasonable price. The place is pretty bare bones, but I wasn't looking for aesthetics, just a good massage. Good it was and my masseuse was knowledgeable about my sciatica. The massage helped - now I just need that treatment everyday...
Awesome massage - he found my knots and kneaded them out! I wasn't a fan of the back exfoliation, but my husband's didn't hurt as mine did.
As good as it gets... I got the "Deep deep tissue" massage and there was no BS'ing in the name. I travel and work on computers a ton, leaving me locked up. I love massage to the point of mercy. Only once before have I had a deep tissue massage even close to the one I got at Bodies Kneaded.  Clearly the masseuse knew how to find and correct my problem areas. It was crazy intense, but released knots in my neck and back that I've suffered from for a long time. The Deep Deep is def not for the faint of heart, but worth every penny.
My wife and I and a couple of friends of ours got massages here many months ago. We had such a great experience that I haven't been able to shake the feeling I need to leave this review, now months after the fact. I've had a bunch of different kinds of massages at different kinds of places-- gritty no frills places and fancy-pants salons. The massage at Bodies Kneaded was the best massage I've ever had. Icing on the cake: My wife was badly sunburned at the time, and they really took extra care of her, recommending and providing a great product to help. We don't get to Miami as often as we'd like to, but every time we do, we're going back.
Great spot!  A real massage not a light rub down.  Well worth the 95 dollars which I thought was expensive, but so worth every penny.  Get Stewart, you will not be disappointed.
Loved this place!  My therapist was amazing - I had the best massage I've ever had.  It's been 3 days and I still feel great.  This is a deep tissue massage and not a wuss massage but for someone who is pretty active, this type of massage is welcome and needed.
All-around great experience: easy to make an appointment, friendly, clear description of costs/services, and an expert massage. One of the highlights of our Miami Beach vacation! Thanks!
AMAZING!!!!  My husband and I both got a massage, one of the best in our lives!  Both physical therapist had knowledge and experience in identifying knots and adapting their massage to our specific needs, even some we weren't fully aware of!  We both continued to feel the benefits of our massages in the following days.  It truly felt catered to each individual.  Again, so worth it!!!
hands of magic!! I have chronic hip pain from too much dancing and not enough stretching... ... this is the ONLY massage therapist who was able to work out the knots and relieve my pain after the first appointment.. i love it!! even better is the music in the background and the environment (Miss Piggy inspired art when i was there-- loved it!) Being from california where everything is so zen it was nice to see and hear a different ambiance which was equally relaxing.  what a treat!! i'll be back definitely before returning home!!
In response to Stewart C., I did not curse at him or anyone else from his firm.  I guess he needs to make inaccurate assertions about my character to try and justify his shady business practices.  But was I upset?  Of course.  And I certainly let them know that.  What reputable business calls the client 1.5 hours before the appointment claiming that they can no longer accept payment for an appointment that was made weeks before?  It is their responsibility to ensure that all of their payment processes are sufficient well in advance of the appointment, not a couple hours before.  If you weren't sure you could accept the gift card, you should have never told me that you would.  Once I made the appointment with the explicit understanding that I would be using the spaweek gift card, we had a contract (secured by my credit card if I didn't show up), and you should have honored the terms of that contract.  I stand by my assertion that they acted in a most unprofessional manner, hence my one star rating.
