After weeks of sleeping on my firm new mattress, I finally caved, purchased an expensive pillow top and treated myself to a massage.  My first massage ever! My experience at Hand and Stone was wonderful! So wonderful that I became a lifestyle member.  I really like this spa, it's crisp and clean and not pretentious or stuffy at all. The staff is upbeat, the girls in the front desk are peppy and always willing to help and I've never had an issue with a time change or last minute add on. But the biggest kudos goes to the masseuses. So far I've had great experiences with Thomas and Michael. Professional, patient and caring.
I've been here twice. My initial visit I liked it so much I signed up for the monthly membership. Upon entering your warmly greeted by the staff (First impressions are lasting impressions.) they have a cozy waiting area with products strategically placed in the forefront (great marketing). I've yet to wait more then 5 minutes before my masseur leads me to my destination. I forget the name of the the guy who did my 1st massage but Thomas did my last one and it was soooooo amaz! The rooms are cozy and relaxing, the beds are comfortable, the music is serene and both of my experiences exceeded my expectations! I park in the attacked garage which runs me $2-$4 depending on how long I stay. Not bad, and it beats risking a parking ticket!
Sort of mediocre. They have a similar kind of membership as the Massage Envy chain. It was our first time, so the price of a 50 minute massage was $59/p. We arrived at exactly our scheduled massage time (4pm) and we're out of there at exactly 4:50pm. We wasted about 15 minutes filling out paperwork and getting undressed so our massages were really like 30 minutes. Even thought they did advise us to arrive earlier, that's just crappy. FYI- the "enhancements" don't add any time to your massage. I paid for hot stone AND a scalp treatment and it was all done by the 4:50 pm time. Again, crappy. My actual masseuse wasn't bad but not great either. Probably won't be back.
What better way to start your week then by getting a massage. Nicole & Michael are definitely the best. It's so hard to choose between them that I always have to alternate each month. They both have great hands and leave you feeling brand new. I can't wait until next month comes rolling around.
Went for the first time after hearing good things about the place. It's really nice and the staff is friendly. I had my massage with a guy named Mike who was super, super good. I normally have girls do my massage but I think I'll go to him from now on. Strong hands but gentle not painful and he seemed to know where my pain was before I did LOL. So worth spoiling yourself! I'll definitely be back!
Picked this on a whim and was sorry I did. My massage was ... meh. The masseuse identified my tight muscles and problem areas in my back, but didn't seem to know what to do when she was there. Did not feel rejuvenated or refreshed when leaving. I also paid extra for a scalp massage which ended up being about 2 minutes of half-heartedly running her fingers through my hair. The kicker was offering me water at the end of my massage ... then handing me a Dixie cup with almost enough water to wet the inside of my mouth. I had to suppress a laugh. All in all not a bad experience, but not what I expect from a massage. There are better (and more economical) options out there.
I had an AMAZING hot stone massage here.  A friend had told me that it was worth paying extra to have an 1 1/2 massage and she was right!  When my session was over I wished I had opted for the extra time.  I felt so relaxed after my massage.  I also liked the fantastic attitude of the ladies working at the front desk.  They were very helpful and informative.  The masseuse was very good.  She found all my tense spots, the room lighting, music, temperature was perfect.  I was nervous at first because I had never had a massage before, but it ended up being a great experience.  I cannot wait to go back.
Went for the first time last month and was very pleased. I learned about this place through one of the estheticians, Morgana, who I just so happen to be her hair stylist. It was perfect timing. She came into my salon a month before my wedding and boy was I in need of a facial. I immediately made and appointment. The girls at the front desk were so patient and helpful booking my appointment. When I arrived they clearly explained everything that I needed to know. I was attended early by Morgana. She really took her time with the facial and made me feel very comfortable. I've had bad experience with facials before where I've left on multiple occasions with scars all over my face. This wAs different. I left with GLOWING skin. She also took the time for a bikini wax. She did a fabulous job with both! I actually signed up as a member because I was so thrilled with the experience and the prices! Go see Morgana for your facials. You won't be sorry!
I am a huge massage fan. I love them, so I usually use Groupon or liveing social deals to try out all the massage spas to try out place I can never afford.  My parents got me a special to go here as Christmas present. It was an 60 min facial with a 90 min full body massage. I have never had a facial before this was my first and it was 5 star. She did extractions and put all sorts of creams on me. With out trying to sell me anything, she advised me that for my skin to use a softer daily cleanser not a scrub which has actually helped my break outs tremendously. My face looked so good leaving it wasn't red or blotchy just super smooth and glowing. I Wish I remembered her name because she was 5 stars. I have since tried a facial at another place and it was awful left my face hurting.   The Massage part was amazing. I always get a Deep Tissue Massage, the some what painful one that gets all your knots out. It requires a lot of strength and sometimes I leave massages feeling like the therapist just almost relieved the pain. Which I hate. Not the case here, the therapist I got was Ron (he has since left this spa) he was great I told him to skip my lower back b/c of an injury but my upper back was very stiff so to use a lot of pressure. He did it! Even though at times my upper back hurt the relief was so great. He also gave me some stretchers for my upper back to help prevent it form getting so tense. I left feeling so relaxed that I joined their very reasonable monthly plan. Since Ron left I have tried 2 other therapist, one was a lady who just wasn't strong enough to relive my upper back even though I told the receptionist I like deep tissue and need very strong therapist (why it is 4 star and not 5 star). And my new therapist Carlos who is fantastic he not only is strong enough for my very tense upper back he has given me tips to stretch and relive my lower back pain. This place is really a 4.5 but they didn't have that option.
Well, I was literally DESPERATE for a massage. I had insufferable back soreness, and I did not want to travel too far. So, despite my okayish experience the last two times, I decided to return to Hand and Stone. I am surprisingly glad that I did. Like usual, I called on the phone a couple days before to set up the appointment. And  guess who much the woman said it would cost? Just guess...90 BUCKS. I told her that they had totally raised their prices and she slightly rudely said they had not...ummm okay whatever. However, luckily for me I still had one of my introductory offers left so I got a special price :) Win. Seventy dollars for a hot stone massage which isn't bad. Onto the massage. So I am waiting and the massage therapist came out and seemed immensely formal (he called me ma'm) and seemed kind of uncomfortable...Needless to say I was kind of regretting my decision to return to Hand and Stone at this point, however, he PROVED ME WRONG! I think my issue with massages is that I am never clear enough about the pain, but this time the soreness was so severe that I was not taking any chances. I told him exactly on my back the spots that hurt and whether or not he had sufficiently beat out the pain (lol..yes I say beat because literally that is how tight my back was). The hot stones were a nice touch which I was also not expecting. The next day, my back felt so much better and I also did feel more relaxed! Win. I am not sure if I would pay ninety dollars...that's kind of expensive. But, the 70 for hot stone was a pretty good deal.
On my day off I was looking for a spur of the moment massage and called Massage Envy, however, they were booked until early evening.   I pulled up my Yelp application and searched for massage places in the area.  Quickly I found Hand & Stone Massage and I called.  Luckily they were able to see me within the hour.  The location is great, right in the heart of South Miami (2 blocks from Sunset Place and down the street from Town Kitchen). They have street and metered parking plus there is a garage next to the establishment. I came in as a first timer and was asked to complete a questionnaire about allergies, ailments, discomforts, etc...  Several minutes later I was asked to accompany the masseuse to one of the massage rooms.  The masseuse took several minutes to read the questionnaire and confirmed the reason for the visit and if she needed to focus on any problems areas. One of the things I enjoyed the most is upon starting the massage, Majorie, the masseuse, asked if the pressure was OK.  The massage was 50 minutes and was literally from head to toe.  Majorie was amazing and truly relaxed me and made me feel comfortable. Upon finishing the massage, the front desk employee's do give you a sales pitch, however, the sales pitch not pushy or assertive; it's more informative than anything else.  I have visited other places like this one (not mentioning any names), however, I was highly impressed with Hand & Stone Massage. Overall, I recommend this place. As a first timer, you pay the introductory price of $49.00 for massage of 50 minutes.  The place is serene and calming and truly felt more like a spa.
I bought the Living Social deal for a $35 hour-long massage, and I was NOT disappointed! This place is incredibly convenient, clean, and relaxing. In addition to my massage, I got an upper lix wax and they charged me member pricing ($10)! Both the aesthetician and the masseuse were nice and accommodating. Alicia, one of the ladies at the front, even let me move my appointment back an hour (at no charge) when I was having trouble picking up the address on my GPS! Upon checkout, the ladies at the front told me about the membership package where you pay $50 month-to-month and get a complimentary massage or facial each month PLUS member pricing for all other services. Needless to say, I am incredibly tempted....
I really enjoy this place minus the traffic this area has to offer.  Although their prices are similar to message envy however, the atmosphere, the decor, and the therapists overall are a substantial amount better.  I've had almost everything done this place has to offer and have yet to be let down (their web page doesn't seem to have been updated recently though).   My only complaint is their music is not very tranquil.   It reminds me of the music from the computer game the Sims (childhood days!).  I personally would like to hear more of the sitar, nature, and/or simple flutes.   I also never feel any judgements from the staff (thetapists and receptionists) and they are always willing to answer any questions. If you are open minded and ask about new things you are interested in, they are more than happy to assist you down the road to relaxation and physical health that suits you best. Like I said before I have never been let down, just make sure you speak up no matter where you get a message they can't read your mind! So far the employees that have stood out to me most were Ashlyn a very enthusiastic and helpfull receptionist and Alberto, a very versitile and knowedgable therapist.   Thank you again as always and you know ill be back!
Getting an awesome spa treatment while hanging out with Adaza
Even though the reviews on yelp were good I was a little worried about purchasing a living social massage deal since last one at a different spa was not the most desirable. However ...... I am sooooo glad I came here. $35 for one Hr full body massage is unbeatable . The GPS on my phone had trouble finding the location. If you are familiar with the restaurant  town just go  down the street (opposite direction of sunset place). Now for the massage..... Incredible!!! Andrea was my masseuse , I recommend you ask for her when you make your appointment.  When I first walked in the room the massage bed was cold and the masseuse had a little bit of trouble turning on the bed heater. Once she finally got it to work she made every possible effort to make me comfortable. She adjusted the height of the face part on the bed, she provided me with a pillow for the girls, she made sure the bed was not too warm, adjusted the volume of the music, and discussed with me trouble areas in my back n neck that needed work. Again the massage was incredible, she not only used her hands but she incorporated her elbows, and part of her forearms. She hit all the sore spots and melted away the knots on my shoulders. The place is extraordinarily clean, restrooms were impeccable, the decor is clean and simple. Also I had to change my appointment about 3 different times and the staff on the phone were always nothing but patient and understanding. I can't wait for another deal so I can return here and de-stress !!!
I was very impressed at my first visit to the spa. The 1 hour facial with neck & arm massage is wonderful. I am used to 1 hour and 30 mintue facial so when it ended I felt like I wanted more. A beautiful space and great staff. Love the introductory price & membership prices!
OMG! I have found my spa and it's close to home!! This place is awesome! I stumbled upon one of their $49 1 hour massage coupons in VALPAK. I also saw this same coupon, along with a $49 1 hour facial, again and again in several magazines around town. So, of course I first checked YELP, notta...then checked their website and saw they are a chain all around the U.S. so I figured I would give it a try and I am so glad I did. First off, it is located on the opposite end of Town Restaurant in S.Miami. There is metered parking all around for $1.50 per hour. The spa is super clean (it's also brand new). Everyone at the front desk is very friendly and welcoming. The lobby was very well lit and nice relaxing music was playing. My massage therapist was Rossmery and my God was she wonderful! She was very friendly, but more importantly, she has been doing massage since the age of 11, and hands down, is the best massage therapist I have ever had!! The rooms are on a dimmer with both lighting and music, so they ask how you would like the lighting and sound before they begin. The candles that are lit throughout make the entire area smell delightful and relaxing. Rossmery asked me if I had any concerning areas and then stepped out so I could undress. The beds are so comfy with super soft sheets. Rossmery worked for an hour to soothe my stresses away. It was the best birthday treat I could have done for myself. I was going to get a facial as well, buy I already had one scheduled with my regular esthetician. However, I will be giving this place a try for a facial in the near future. I am not sure how long the $49 deals with last, so   go check this place out, you won't be disappointed. It has blown away any and all other places I have gone to here in Miami. It is A M A Z I N G. Also what a great gift for the holidays!!!!
I went in this past saturday for a classic massage and a detox facial and both treatments were excellent. Nancy was my massage therapist and she was extremely professional and comforting. Sandra was the esthetician who performed my facial and she was very knowledgable and even gave me sample products of dermalogica to help with skin calming and moisturizing. This spa is very clean and professional, it is easy to say that I will be returning for more treatments,
I went today for the first time. I had such a great massage...and overall experience...that I purchased a membership!
