I have never exercised before in my life (am 35). I now take Chi Gong and Kung Fu classes fairly regularly (a few times a week) and Yoga occasionally, monthly. 1) The instructors are professionals, life long practitioners of what they teach.  It is a family business with everyone chipping in/changing roles/participating as well as teaching. It is the utmost in professionalism, experience, and relaxed, welcoming atmosphere. 2) it's a small studio, but works perfectly well for the different needs. 3)Prices are fair, with options for monthly family packages 4) the center is focused on being a community to their clients, so they host parties and special events, free of charge.  It's definitely a community spirit aimed at lifelong wellness. Such a great space.  Such a great atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
Came here for a massage due to my arm being sore and tingly from a crossfit exercise. This place is small, unpretentious and the owners are very friendly and helpful. I did not know what kind of massage I needed, but explained to them what I was feeling. Ana advised that I get a deep tissue massage and that she would focus on where I was feeling the discomfort. She made me feel relaxed and the massage felt great. I'm not sure if it was the massage, the resting, or both but 2 days later and I felt improvement in my discomfort. I don't usually get massages, but will do so more often now that I am doing this intense kind of workout and I will be coming back here. Checked out their yoga schedule for beginners, and they didn't have many options in the schedule (weekdays at 9:30AM), so this was the only negative. BUT I came for the massage, so that's what I'm basing my review on. Thanks Ana and Chet!
Ridiculous customer service! Called them at 5pm to ask if they had room for an appointment and the man on the phone said they probably do at 545. He said he would call me back at the same number within 5 minutes with a definite answer. 5 hours later no answer? Definitely a quick way to lose a good customer.
I've been going to the Nityananda Center for almost a year now. They have several classes which you can partake in ranging from yoga to kung fu and chi gong. They also offer two types of massages: deep tissue and thaiatsu. In my review, I'd like to focus on the massage as I have the most amount of experience with the center here. I was a little nervous about going initially. Previously I had gone to several deep tissue massage places in Miami and even had someone come over my apartment for a bit, but I ended up quickly moving on from these as none of them had helped with the debilitating pain that I experience with my lower back. I've had surgery on my L5-S1 disk and am constantly having trouble with it. The Nityananda center was down the street from my house so I decided what the heck, I might as well give it a shot. I decided on the Thaiatsu massage (a combination of Thai and Shiatsu). I thought this form of massage would be optimal because it focuses not only on pressure points, but also stretching. I had been stretched before, everyone has been stretched before, but this was something else entirely. I'm not very flexible. I'm the guy in the back of your yoga class, who secretly prays the instructor won't notice him because he's terribad at even the simplest of poses. Anyway, Ana really stretched me hard at the end of the massage and I have to say I felt wonderful when I left. During the stretch I may or may not have squealed like a thirteen year old girl at a Justin Bieber concert, but looking back it was entirely worth it. After going for months, I can say that what doctors and physical therapists haven't been able to do, Ana did easily. It was this and the fact that Ana and Chet have created a wonderful experience for all persons engaging in activities at the center. You can feel that they absolutely love what they do and go about it with professionalism and care. And they always go the extra mile for you. To elaborate on this, when I leave after a massage, Ana will talk to me and give me very helpful advice on what I need to be stretching / exercising to remedy the issue.  She's basically giving me the ability to heal myself. I would absolutely recommend this to a friend or fellow yelper. Enjoy. Thanks Ana/Chet!
Amazing 90 minute massage from Ana.  Very clean and comfortable studio, friendly owners, and a great deep tissue massage.  I strongly recommend, and would return on my next trip to Miami.
A special center with a different focus than many other "factory-like" yoga/martial arts studios.  Classes are intimate and taught with mindfulness and kindness towards your own personal growth, beginning from wherever you are in your individual journey.  Classes are invigorating, constantly evolving, and contribute to a holistic sense of strength. Thanks to the staff and all of the students, Nityananda Center is a truly special place.  I highly recommend!
I had a deep tissue massage from Ana - she was really great. I went because of upper-back and neck tension... she had intuition about what areas needed work, and I left feeling so much better.
I just received the best massage EVER!! From the time you walk in there to you leave you feel totally relaxed. Ana the owner of nityananda worked out all my troubled areas. I'm soooo happy that I founds such and awesome place. Thank you Ana :)
I went in for a massage.  I was pleased to get an appointment same day since my neck was really in a bad way.  The environment was simple and relaxed.  My therapist was very nice and gave me a very good massage, targeting my troubled neck.  She was really helpful after the session she gave me some home care advice.  I got a swedish massage, but am curious to try their other types.  It's affordable, and close to home, so I will definitely return- and maybe check out a yoga class too!
I came here as I was interested in trying out a new massage place. As a frequent Yelper, I obviously pored over the Yelp reviews to weigh my options. I wanted a place that was within walking distance of a metro or bus. And, of course, I didn't want the massage to be too expensive. Even more importantly, it needed to be a good massage. Picky, picky. But, I was not disappointed with Nityananda. When I first walked into the location, I was very surprised with how small it was. I arrived a bit early....oh just about 2 hours, as I thought it would be more difficult to find. The massage therapist was able to see me early which was very generous of her. She is the wife of the man who owns the center. Both were very nice and accomodating. The lobby is tiny, but even before my massage began, I already felt calmer because of the spirit of the owner. I also explained the trouble spots to the massage therapist, and she was able to target them. You can tell she has great expertise and training. She also did a couple of stretches at the end that loosened up any further tight spots. Nityananda is pretty much a hidden jewel. It is not a Ritz Carlton or a large spa, but the family owned atmosphere is so much better.
Though it's located is a old looking plaza, it was SUPER nice inside. Very relaxing and friendly. First time I fell asleep during a session. WOW! Aromatherapy + Thaiatsu massage were great!  Can't wait to go again! Great price and easy parking!
Vinyassa classes in evening are fantastic and challenging. Great instructors and super friendly staff. Great atmosphere, good pricing.
There is something really special about this studio. A place to not just work on your body, but also your spirit.  The classes I have taken there have been transforming.  I also like that the classes are intimate and not too crowded, so that everyone gets personal attention.
