We had a great experience here today.  A few friends and I booked their October special- $50 massage or facial.  They ended up being $80 each ($10 service fee and $20 automatic gratuity- which to me is well worth it for a 50 minute massage.  I'm assuming they tact on the tip so people aren't cheap and well... you know...don't tip... I tend to like to tip at my discretion, but for a discounted treatment like that I understand why they do that).  I forget the girl's name that performed my massage but she was fabulous!  I blame the few drinks post massage for my memory lapse because she was awesome and I want to ask for her again!  If I remember, or call to book again, I will add her name- she was THAT good.  My massage was deep tissue yet she had a gentleness about her, so while the pressure was very firm, it was never uncomfortable and boy did it do the job.  The spa is clean, modern, and decorated beautifully.  I could lounge in their treatment waiting area all day... literally.  The valet was validated and cost $10 which was nice.  We weren't offered pool passes (we never asked to be fair if that was included) but we walked to the beach behind the hotel after our services.  Didn't hurt that it was an exceptionally gorgeous day.  I highly recommend.
One of the best massages I've ever had! Mukesh was excellent - I felt completely relaxed and at peace during and after my massage. The relaxation room is gorgeous and the spa amenities were great. Highly recommend the spa - and specifically Mukesh if you are in the area and wanting to be pampered!
My best friend and I took advantage of the "spa month specials" for July.. We got facials and massages for $99 each service. They normally run $145 each. The place is BEAUTIFUL!! Ocean view lounge area! They have 2 hot tubs, eucalyptic infused steam room, sauna, and sauna cool off shower. They don't rush you to leave and that's amazing! You get your own locker that you set the code for! Well worth it!! Gratuity is added into the bill.
All love. Went to Lapis a week before at Fountainbleau and almost gave up on Spa month. But Elle was perfect, delectable and I even passed out during massage and after!!!  Special thanks to Stephanie in ladies area.  Only weird thing was older woman naked and soaping up in steam room...even though sign clearly says to not be naked for sanitary reasons.
I got the all day package which included a full body massage, exfoliation, facial, mani/pedi along with lunch and unlimited champagne!  The service was great, one in particular,  Maryliu gave me a deep cleansing facial that worked wonders on my skin. We were also served lunch in a private cabana oceanfront, wish I took some pics but my phone was dead!
Lovely spa, nice people, but my nail polish was peeling off within 12 hours of the service. I get manicures every 2 weeks and typically the polish will still look pretty good after a week. When I went back to ask for a polish change the next day, there was no one available to perform the service. The young man at the counter let me use their polish to "patch" my nails, but I'm disappointed that it wasn't a priority for them to make this right.
Yay! My experience here was relatively limited - I got a voucher for a free day at the spa for 2 so my sister and I spent the morning hanging out in the sauna, steam room, sensory shower, hot tub, and sitting in comfy chairs reading magazines. We didn't get any spa services, so I can't speak for any of that, but I thought the spa itself was really nice. Jade, the girl that showed us around and gave us our lockers, was really sweet and helpful.
My boyfriend and I were in Miami for a quick getaway.  We stayed at the Eden Roc hotel where the Elle Spa is located.  We both agreed, this was the best experience we have ever had. We planned to get spa treatments during our stay, but saw that they had spa month specials for several of the local spas when we visited last September.  One of the specials at Elle was for a discounted massage.  We asked for a couples 90-minute massage and they offered us a great rate for the upgraded service.  We made our appointment for early morning at 8:30 - of course we were the only people in the spa at that time.  We arrived for our appointment and were taken to our separate locker room areas.  I was shown to my locker and given a brief tour of the spa amenities.   After getting into our robes, we met in the relaxation room which overlooks the pool and beach.  There was tranquil music playing and you can help yourself to tea, herbal water, and healthy snacks.  We were then greeted by our masseuses - Anya and Belkis.  They were friendly and made some small talk on the way to our treatment room.  Once we stepped inside, each did a brief consultation and asked if we had trouble spots, health issues, and where we preferred to have the focus of the massage.  Then they got to work!  Belkis performed my massage. Once it massage began, she checked to see if the pressure was okay with me - I told her deep tissue would be great because my back needed a lot of work.  Do not be fooled by Belkis's size - she was tough but it was amazing.  While the pressure sometimes felt like I almost couldn't take it, at the same time it also felt so good.  I could tell she was not just rubbing my back, but was knowledgeable about the muscles and how to work with them.  Her movements were never jerky or abrupt and, though she worked hard, I did not feel "beat up." I felt great afterward and never had a better massage before or since this experience.  My boyfriend said the same of Anya, and we highly recommend them both! After our treatment, Anya and Belkis gave us our massage "perscriptions."  They told us about our problem areas and where we might need more work.  Then they escorted us back to the relaxation room and provided us with a tray of snacks and herbal tea.  We lounged looking out at the beach and took it all in. We then spent some time in the spa's hot tub, deep water plunge, sauna, and steam room.  Because they are connected to the locker rooms, there are two  separate areas for men and women.  While it would have been nice to relax together, we set a time to enjoy the amenities on our own and join up later. With spa services, you get an all-day pass to the spa.  After we left, we decided to get some sun, a bite to eat, and take a nap.  We then returned to the spa later to sit in the hot tub and steam room a bit longer.  The staff was just as friendly and welcomed us back. If you visit Elle for massage services, definitely request Anya or Belkis.  And when you make your appointment, be sure to give youself plenty of time after to relax in the hot tub, cold plunge, and steam room.
Shaky service at check-in Great blow out Beautiful location I know this location well. I use to be a member of the previous SPA OF EDEN that was here before the remodeling. It was my absolute favorite gym with spa perks. It is now more of a spa with gym perks. Classes are only offered several times a week I have been told. I  made an appointment for a wash and blowout for 12:30pm and planned my day around it. I figured I would lounge poolside and head to the spa minutes before my blowout (20 minutes to be exact) for a quick shower and then straight to the blowout. I arrived, checked in and was told I was too early (12:10pm). The hostess signaled me with her hand (like when you shoo a fly away?). She said " well, hmm, maybe you can wait over there until they are ready for you". I am standing in their small store/front desk area . I turned to look and see where I was being "shoo-ed" to. There was nothing there. I said "well, I was hoping to use the facility for a shower since I am getting a service here" to which she replied " well, if you want, you can use the facilities for $ 35.00".  "You mean a $ 35.00 shower then?" I replied. After all, it's all I wanted to do. I don't think she liked that reply. Now I was annoyed. I stood there with my bathing suit on and now I had to run back to my room, shower there and rush back all in time to make it for my 12:30pm appt. I checked briefly at the brochure in my room which says " fee is waived when you book a spa treatment". Nowhere does it say "unless it's hair because if that's the case you are S-O-L and you have to haul your as* back to your room". But really, what was I going to do? get my hair blown out and then go into the steam room, hot tub or sauna? or sneak into a massage room? Ran back, showered and made it back by 12:33pm. Sigh. Stressed. The original hostess was no longer there. Someone else checks me in again and walks me to the salon which is right next to the nail station. Maybe nail salon users get to use the facilities? hmmm The stylist mentions that she is running 10 minutes late and if I would not mind leaving and coming back. I could not help myself and I snapped " no, I already left and came back!" . Then I caught myself, spared her the story and luckily this new host, much nicer host ,says not to worry. He says he is going to take me not only to the relaxation room but on a tour of the facilities since I used to be a member. Well, waddayaknow? Isn't that nice? I mean, it was REALLY nice. I enjoyed seeing how much was done during the remodeling and the relaxation room was heavenly. Was that so hard for the first hostess to do? It would have taken me 5 minutes to shower and just do what I was doing now: wait in the relaxation room instead of standing around in the shop. For now, Elle Spa, get it together. If hair clients are going to be exempt from enjoying the facilities then specify so when appointments are made and IN WRITING on your brochure. I spa. A lot. And this is the first time I have heard something so ridiculous. The only exceptions at other locations have been when a hair/nail salon are detached from the hotel & property. When they are under the same roof and you are paying $90.00 for a blow dry it should not be an issue. Like I said, the location is spectacular. If you are in the gym area you face the pool/ocean side (much like it did before when it was a more of a gym). The facilities are beautifully designed with pebbled rocks on floors, homey furniture, warm woods and attention to detail. It did not seem to be too busy when I was there even though it was a Saturday. The blowout was very well done and the stylist was very nice making it for a great experience.  I believe they are still expanding and only being held back due to some Miami Beach permits. Shocker. Not.   I look forward to visiting in the future and see how they have evolved.
I didn't get a treatment but ,bought a really cute swimsuit ..a very nice gift shop
We stayed at the Eden Roc over memorial day weekend for about 5 days. Of course the first day it rained like crazy! I went down to the spa, which smells amazing, and they were having a special like 60 facial plus massage package and I booked one for myself and the staff were so super accommodating to try to find something that my hubby would like. They ended up doing a couple massage for us (as part of my package) and we just paid a little extra. They were very nice at the front desk. The walked us back and literally the spa is like a beautiful tranquil experience. The decor is so beautiful and serene and the common area over looks the beach and the chair's are like huge lounge chair and they have a fireplace and sofas too. They have really yummy flavored waters and treats, like banana chips. I guess Elle spa is def associated with them, because their mags where all over the place, which was fun and relaxing to read. I literally had the BEST massage I have ever had in my life. I wish I could remember the lady's name but she was amazing. She flipped me over, put her knee on my back to twist me and the proceeded to just massage the hell out of my back. I told her that I wanted to put her in my pocket and take her with me. lol. My husband loved his massage too! At the end, the two ladies walked us back to the common area and gave us a glass of champagne each! So posh! lol Next I had a facial (I think with Maritza?). She was a little intense but I think that is because she was the only facialist in that day and she was completely booked. She literally gave me the best facial ever. Even my husband commented on how I was glowing after lol. The special was for the Decelor white glow facial and the products are so luxe and high end and she gave the best massage and she gave me a few good tips and tricks too. The whole facial was ultra relaxing and flew by. She didn't leave the room once, which loved! If I ever go back to MIA, I am def going to make it a point to come to Elle Spa again! Loved it!
From start to finish, a great experience for me and my other half. Elle spa was exactly what we were looking for and while we had to cab it from South Beach to North Beach, it was totally worth it. What drew us in were the amenities and the extension of the spa month that allowed us to be able to afford the life of luxury for the day. We arrived at 2 which gave us a few hours to indulge before our massage appointments. They took us back and we each had a locker room with an array of relaxation spa options. With a comfy robe and shower sandals, I started in the jacuzzi tub for 10, the steam room for 10, the rain shower, and then the sauna for 10. I finished in the cold tub which gave me a boost of energy. I relaxed for a little in the spa room on a comfy lounge chair. We met and went to lunch at the outdoor restaurant, which was delish although the service left a lot to be desired. It must have been the auto gratuity. After lunch, I laid by the adult pool which offered an unbelievable view of the ocean until it was time for my massage with Anna. I cannot say enough about Anna's capabilities as a masseuse. She really knew how to work out the kinks in my neck and shoulders. I felt like new by the time our hour was over. I indulged in the paraffin wax for my hands which left them baby soft. After our massages, we had hibiscus tea and snacks at the relaxation room and I went back to the spa for one more round. All in all, an excellent day of rest and relaxation. Everyone should treat themselves to such an experience. The entire staff was helpful and courteous.
Went on a Saturday for my best gals bday and had an amazing time! At our arrival to the spa we were checked in with no problem! We arrived at noon and practically had the entire spa to ourselves! I decided on the hot stone massage and Diii was awesome!!! Left the spa feeling like a million bucks!
My friend was having a bachelorette spa party here and what an experience!!!  From (almost) start to finish it was first rate.  We were all local but the bride to be and a couple of us were staying at the hotel. My friend was able to get a few abbreviated services and blocks of time set aside for our group. Several great options to choose from and all included using the spa facilities. Our group managed to make it in although we were about 15 minutes late. Felt a little rushed by the initial escort lady which annoyed me a little. I get we were late but to not even show us how to use the lockers or tell us about some of the other fee based services and then keep pushing us through like cattle made me stress a bit. After we were done with her, though, everything else was amazing. Check in was a breeze. The guy at the counter was so sweet and helpful.  Thankfully one of us remembered where to go (our escort ditched us lol) and it was beautiful and peaceful.  Our therapists were waiting for us and greeted us by name.  our therapists were kind, calm, and helped usher us in to relaxation.  After our services our therapists made suggestions and gave me a "prescription" on how to relax.  I loved that.  Even if we were not going to buy the products, the information was helpful.   Once finished, my therapist took me back to thr lounge area and brought hot tea with enough cups for the group.  we were able to lounge and sip tea while we waited for the rest of the group. Not sure what the tea was but I could not get enough of that stuff!!! There was also some snacks in the lounge area and plenty of water. We utilized the sauna, steam room, the relaxation area and even the cabana!!! The area with the sauna and steam room also have lounge chairs as well as towels and water. Seemed everything was right at our finger tips. Sauna even had fresh cut cucumbers for our use. Icing on the cake was the spa team making my friend feel special. They decorated the cabana with bridal showered themed decorations and the manager made it a point to come by and say congratulations. My friend definitely felt like a princess. We ended up staying in the spa area from 11 am until well after 3 pm and the entire group loved it. Aside from the hurried receptionist I overall LOVED this experience and have already made plans to return!
If you happen to be in Miami during Spa Month promo..July 1- August 31...make sure Elle Spa is on your list.  Best Spa I have ever been to...my massage therapist knew exactly what she was doing and was not afraid to use pressure and make sure I had an amazing massage. Spa is beautiful, relaxing atmosphere with grey tile and river stones throughout...Cold plunge pool, jacuzzi, steam and sauna...plus sun deck with bar and cabanas. Very special...spend the entire day!
DO NOT GET YOUR HAIR CUT HERE. The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because the staff was still very nice. However the hair dresser royally screwed up my hair. My cut was completely uneven and the layers do not sit nicely at all. I cannot stress enough, STAY AWAY FROM THE SCISSORS  IN THIS PLACE.
Awesome! Great service & atmosphere, beautiful spa - my husband & I both loved our massages & enjoyed the steam room & water spa. The relaxation lounge was beautiful.
Massage therapist was great! She was petite and small...but has power of  a Greek Warrior in her hands, wow!  Decor is surreal...very earthy and modern at the same time. I got a great deal since I went with a Bachelorette party group. Very relaxing environment ;)
I've spent the past three days here at Eden Roc- with 90% of that time in the spa.  Absolutely beautiful facilities.  I've been to my fair share of destination spas- this ranks up there with the Enchantment spa in Sedona and (on a smaller scale and different decor) the spa at the Greenbrier.  All the staff have been very friendly and accommodating.  Facilities: We've spent much of our time in the relaxation room- overlooking the pool/grassy area and slightly in the distance, the beautiful ocean.  It's very quiet and relaxing, if not a bit chilly- but there is also a fireplace to warm up by.  The "aqua therapy" is where the sauna, steam room, spa, and cold plunge pool as well as the lockers and showers are located.  Very nice and only one time (on Sunday) did it get "busy" which is really to say there were four others there at the same time.  The spa and cold plunge are super tiny, but with the variety of facilities, it wouldn't be a bother to go to the sauna or steam room and then come back- but we never had to.  It may be more busy in the summer months or maybe when snowbirds come south- who knows.  The outside terrace is beautiful with comfy couches and a gorgeous view.  The restaurant is only open Thu-Sun this time of year, but they had a server come up from Cabana and take our order and bring it up to us.  Services: we did the ultimate indulgence (50 min facial, 50 min massage, essential mani and pedi) as well as paraffin tx for feet and eyebrow wax.  The ultimate indulgence was great- Marilu was an absolute standout as an esthetician- best facial I've ever had, and I've had a few!  She also did the eyebrow wax- which turned into a tweeze because in her experience and wisdom, an eyebrow wax and spending time at the beach in the sun don't mix.  She recommended tweezing instead and she did a fantastic job- much more shaping than would be possible with waxing, and also without the angry redness I always get with waxing.  Price: it's pricey but that's what you expect from this type of spa- it's not just the spa service but the location and amenities that you're paying for- I think it's well worth it for a splurge.  If you just want a massage and have to run in/out- I'd go elsewhere, if you're here for an experience and to spend the day- I'd totally recommend it.  Great for girls only vacay (which is what we did) or for romantic getaway.  From Julie, of Sean "& Julie"
