I noticed that there are not that many good reviews. I am a bit surprised. My friend and I purchased a massage from Groupon. We scheduled the appointment over the phone. Valet parking is offered at the hotel for $18 with validation. The valet Parker gave us direction on how to get to the spa. Yes the spa is not located inside the hotel. It is just around the corner on Collins. A nice 1 minute stroll. When we arrived we were treated with excellent service. We were taken up the elevator to change into our robes and led into a very cozy waiting area. The space is extremely clean and very well organized.   Now the massage. Omg amazing. I was given the choice of whether I wanted oil or cream. My masseuse was amazing. Mia had strong hands that released all the knots in my back. I actually fell asleep during the massage.  It was 75 minutes of pure BLISS. Overall great experience. If the deal is offered on Groupon again I am definitely purchasing it.
First off, rather disappointed with the valet at W.  The entrance to Bliss is not inside the hotel, but around the corner on the Collins side.  Now it would be excellent service if the valet people also escort me to the spa, like in Setai or a few other places.  But at least the guy at W should tell us where to go, when I told him we're heading to the spa, instead of letting us wander into the hotel. Of course, that's not Bliss's fault.  Once we walked in, service was excellent.  The staff downstairs showed us to the elevator, and by the time we were on the second floor, the receptionist there had our robes and slippers in hand to show us to the lounge. I was surprised that they have a spacious and comfortable lounge.  The locker area has a big sofa, and there's sauna and steam shower.  There are also plenty of snack: cucumber and lemon water, tea, cheese and crackers, olives, caramel popcorn, brownies, ... (yeah, that's one full star in my book!)  I can totally chill out here!  Moreover, as Bliss has its own line of products, the vanity table has the best line up of skincare products of all the spas I visited: body butter, mouth wash, deodorant... The facial itself: most definitely the best I have had in my life! I used a living social deal for the Triple Oxygen Mask.  It includes a full extraction, and part of the procedure was a foamy oxygen mask, which was fun to feel the bubbles dancing on my face.  The skilled esthetician let me know at every step what she was doing and when I had my mask on, she was busy massaging me: my scalp, my shoulder, my hands, and even my feet!  Wow.  And my skin definitely feels lovely for days after. There is a public parking lot in front of the hotel.  As the spa entrance isn't even inside the hotel, next time I'd park in the lot.  And definitely I'd come early to spend more time inside the lounge.
I was orginally set on going to the spa at the setai then I found this amazing deal on gilt city for bliss spa. I was skeptical at first since I've heard the ones in NYC aren't up to par as they claim to be but I had an amazing experience here. I received the blissage 75, triple oxygen facial, mani and almond milk pedi. My massage was done by Frederick, I cannot express how good I slept that night because of the massage, he is very talented and skilled. He was also my first male masseuse and made me feel totally comfortable, definitely recommend! My facial was done by Oksana, she was very thorough and made sure my skin got the treatment it needed. What I appreciated was that she took her time with me and my face looked instantly clearer! My mani and pedi was done by Maria, they were done perfectly and she gave me some great tips on other services! I'm not sure what these other reviewers are complaining about the facility is spotless and clean with necessary amenities and a sauna. Overall 8/10 no wifi unless you're a guest at the W hotel and the sauna was set at 85 degrees which is way too low!
Do NOT get a manicure or pedicure here. You're better off getting a $30 mani/pedi at any nail salon. The pedicure is horrendous. You dip your feet in a pot of water. Seriously a pot that you would boil pasta in. The manicure is even worse since there isn't even any water involved. To make matters worse, the technician (although a very sweet woman) could not paint nails. They're lumpy, thick and probably never going to dry. Very bad experience and not worth the $125 I paid for the worst mani/pedi of my life.
I'm reading the other reviews & only a Groupon or Living Social deal makes this place palatable. The W Hotel makes a big fuss about having no connection to Bliss. Curious, no? You're given crummy flip flops & a robe & told to change. Predictable but okay. Oh, the music!! Not an exclamation of joy. Jazz, blues...no, loud jazz, blues. Not conducive to relaxing. You wanna kill your man...or yourself before you're done. My masseuse graciously turned it off but I could then hear employees talking & worse yet street construction. Music back on. The massage was adequate. But she used so much oil & grease on me I thought she was gonna fry me up in a pan! She did offer the aroma therapy oils for $20 more. No thank you! At least she didn't push every product @ 5 minute intervals the way they used to in NYC. I once said, I'm not buying any products so carry on. No need for that here thankfully. Maybe they had it on my card. The rest was really uneventful. If I had paid $155 I would have been really pissed. They add an 18% tip on the original price but in their defense they tell you that you can change it up or down. Suffice it to say it didn't go up! The staff WAS very apologetic about the choice of music explaining that the original owner had that music playing in her house. Is she now deaf, insane, living in a convent?? Everyone was nice; unfortunately Bliss's day has come & gone. It never was really any good; it certainly didn't get better.
Love Audrey she is my favorite esthetician there!!! I love the peel off masks so refeshing and relaxing! Also go to their website they always have deals!
I live in Miami and have tried spas like the Biltmore, Doral, Lapis (Fontainebleau).  This is definitely not one I will return to.  The place is small, no area to relax, they will not let the spa guests at the pool.  The massage was great but rather go to the other ones which were just as good.
Oksana is another master with waxing. Almost painless. Excellent technique & understanding of  how the hair grows and how to reduce the pain. So, Svetlana or Oksana are the Miami go-to for wax. Pricier than the other wax factories spas but oh so worth it. They have discounts for multiple waxes.
Staff was friendly but the facility needs more up keeping, ladies locker room was dirty. I was also disappointed the spa does not offer pool access, there's is practically no place to lounge around with friends. Now on to my sports massage, the masseur was nice but borderline rookie.
My spa experience ironically started out a bit stressful because it took forever to find parking at the W on a Sunday afternoon. You can valet for $15 but I eventually found a metered space. My boyfriend bought me the Blissage 75 massage ($150 for 75 min.) for an anniversary gift. The best way to get to the spa is through the entrance facing the street. Once inside, you take an elevator to Heaven. Everything is bright, white and blue. Very minimalist yet modern. I didn't care that I was the only one eating; I got my snack on and devoured some cheese, crackers, and brownie bites that were delicately laid out for consumption! The lockers are high tech and big enough to hold all your stuff. I changed into my soft, white robe and too-small clear plastic slippers (It's not my fault I have to shop in the Sasquatch section of the shoe store!) and met my masseuse who led me to the massage room. He asked me what in particular was bothering me. I run and work on a computer so I wanted extra attention on my feet and shoulders, respectively. I started facedown and experienced some firm Swedish with a bit of deep tissue on the knots. He did one shoulder at a time and I could tell a huge difference between the freshly-kneaded left shoulder and the yet-to-be-touched right shoulder. After some initial foot attention, he wrapped a "warm wax foot wrap" around them, which is a standard part of the treatment. They felt like really weird, squishy shoes. The experience ended face-up with a cucumber eye mask and a little more  shoulder, arm and hand massaging. (PS, the table is fully automated to achieve prime tension-relieving positions.) This is a "full body freestyle massage", so definitely speak up and tell your masseuse the parts where you want the most attention. I should have asked for a little more attention on the right shoulder because it never reached the muscle nirvana that my left one did. He tried to up-sell me on the Bliss body products and said that I'd get 20% off anything I purchased after the massage. Well, it worked, only because I needed a new shower scrub anyways.   Overall a 4.5, because it's not the best massage I've ever had but I can't wait to go back for more Bliss during Miami Spa Month!
Heaven is at the W. It is a little hidden, almost like you are on a treasure hunt. I caught the elevator and embarked on a journey to the 4th floor, down a long hallway of rooms, around a corner and found the elevator to Bliss. Up to level 2 you are transported from the ultra hip W to a blue and white world of luxury and playfulness. My wonderful husband bought me a day at the spa for my birthday, and if every Monday could be spent this way Monday would by far be the best day of the week. I checked in and was taken to the locker rooms. Every inch of the spa space is decorated to the nines, you can't help but be in awe of how cool it looks. The locker room has a reception area with couches and a coffee table where your therapist will come to retrieve you. The lockers have pad locks and your robe and flip flops to change into. The say not to leave any valuables but it seems safe to leave general items like your phone, etc. They have all the Bliss products you'd need to freshen up, in the awesome steam showers they have shampoo, conditioner and soap ready to go. They even have disposable combs and razors along with lotions, Qtips, mouthwash, spray deodorant and hair spray. I had the privilege of enjoying a 75 min Bliss Signature massage (Ah-Mazing!!), a 75 min Triple Oxygen Facial (my first facial ever and I apparently really needed it! Painful extractions but the rest was a joy). I then had a quick break to shower and change back into my clothes to head over to the Nail Salon for a manicure/pedicure. I love the individual TV's above each station, I got to watch Sex & the City Movie while I enjoyed the hour long pedicure. The whole day you are never far from a snack of cheese, crackers, cucumbers and olives with the decadent brownies to sweeten your day. The only downside is when the day has to come to an end. In my opinion, for a pricey but worth every penny day at the spa you should look no further than Bliss!
I am a HUGE fan of Bliss products and have visited other Bliss Spa's around the country.  Unfortunately the Bliss Spa located at the W South Beach falls short.  I mean with all of the great spas we have in Miami, this spa would probably be the last one I would visit.   DECOR:  Inside you'll find the cute yet very commercial bliss signage everywhere.  The waiting area consists of a couple couches with very little privacy.  I had planned a spa day with the ladies and due to scheduling conflicts, I had the spa to myself. There really is no room to get together and enjoy a spa day with the girls. Oh and sitting in a steam room to catch up with your girlfriends... not happening either.  The steam room/shower is inside of a stall and there are 2 of them.  You can probably find a better steam room at your local gym. EXPERIENCE:  The staff is polite and attentive.  I enjoyed my massage and purchased all of the products I needed at the front desk. OVERALL:  If you're going in for a wax or a specific treatment it's OK, but I would not recommend Bliss for a full spa day of relaxation or a group.
South Beach spas, why so pretentious?? Had a triple oxygen facial here with Svetlana. The facial itself was outstanding and beyond my expectations. Svetlana was able to help me realize things I was doing wrong for my skin apart from skin regimens. (like drinking too much wine) ha! Yes, she tries to upsell you a couple times, but roll with it...she's very good and my skin improved. She does talk quite a bit in the treatment so if you're going for relaxation you should definitely look elsewhere... not just because of that but also Bliss does not have a lot of amenities. The only place to sit is one couch in the corner...and a locker room that's a bit stained. They do have a steam shower, but I didn't try it. (she also told me steam is not good for my specific skin! very insightful!) Thank you Svetlana! The reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is simply because checking out was a complete nightmare. 30 minutes of hell actually... management is horrible and I hate to pick on the sweet 18 year old boy at the front desk, but he was clueless and the mgmt makes it way worse.....never again!
I'm an extremely well seasoned spa goer and this place blew my socks off. From the decor (airy and minimalist) to the actual service (fully-loaded facial) it was an over-the-top experience. Sure, it's expensive, but it's well worth the splurge. My aesthetician was Jackie Perkins and she was amazing. Also nice touches? Brownies in the locker room, cool music (no Muzak here!) and a tres cool retail shop on the first level. Overall, sheer bliss!
Perfect massage for a windy Miami day! The staff was so helpful and the spa is upbeat and full of relaxing energy!
Ramero gave a great deep tissue massage. He was super sweet and really listened to what was bothering me and paid attention...wasn't just going through the motions.  I can't wait for  the next one that I already booked next week!
I just wanted to take the time and write a review for this amazing spa. I'm always attracted to cute beauty products with "good for you" ingredients, so naturally bliss got my attention. Not only did Bliss in South Beach live up to my expectations, but I left with some products that I absolutely adore. I got the Blissage 75 massage and left feeling so wonderful that I wanted to hug the receptionist. The staff was very welcoming, and even made restaurant suggestions for my girlfriends and I. I also purchased the fatgirl slim, and i must say that it is AMAZING for the derriere in the summer months. It tightens my skin instantly. :) I also purchased the foot patrol foot cream, which softens my feet and cools them. I am always on my feet, and it works wonders on tired feet and legs. So thanks bliss. :) I'll be back on my next miami visit. {{hugs}}
More of a day spa than anything else.  I'd give it 5 stars, but due to the lack of amenities (hot tubs, saunas, etc), it only gets 4 stars. I was expecting a little more as the spa is located in the W Hotel. Very good massage though and would probably return.
5 stars for Plamena who gave me the best prenatal massage, "Great Expectations" massage, I've had my entire pregnancy! And I've had about 5 others! I live over an hour away and hate driving through South Beach, so am so excited to be back down that way so I can get Plamena to work her magic again. For the pregnant ladies... not sure if it's Bliss technique or just Plamena, but if you've been getting prenantal massages, have you found them to be a little too gentle to really help? Do you feel like the masseuse is holding back, afraid of hurting you or something when the fact is, you really need to get those darn knots out? Well, Plamena did the perfect balance of working out the awful knots while still being gentle on my relaxin-relaxed muscles (it's a hormone that preps your body for the delivery process). I didn't find the facility lacking, and found it really nice compared to Bliss Fort Lauderdale, Bliss DC and even Bliss NY (don't remember which one I went to years ago). Check out did take a while but I feel like everything in Miami goes so slow any way. And they did try to sell me add on products after, but when I said no thanks, there was no pressure.
Got the triple oxygen facial here. The facilities are kind of small, but quaint. I love the clean, chic, baby blue decor and the sign that says "to spaaaaah" in front of the elevator. :) The facial was amazing. My skin was literally glowing for 3 days afterwards and I didn't even have to touch on concealer or foundation. The sage and mint aromatherapy showers/ sauna here is great. I sat in there for at least 15 min just soaking in the delicious scent. As a side note, I love the mini brownie bites. They were arranged in 3 neat rows of 5 (cheese cube-sized). I'm ashamed to say that only 2 were left on the tray by the time I left the spa (and that's after they refilled the platter).
Went with a group of girls yesterday to Bliss and was very unimpressed.  The facilities look like they need a major update and in general are not up to par with other spas at (or below) their price point. The steam room is just their shower which takes 10 minutes to steam up. The lounge area is very plain, not a lot of places to sit, magazines are covered in plastic. Just not the kind of environment you pay $200 for a treatment. Also I guess none of us were general fans of the Bliss concept. Bright blue walls, weird R&B and oldies music, green carpets. Just wasn't what we were hoping for. You can't use any of the facilities in the W Hotel which was also disappointing to the group.  If you are willing to spend this much, go with Cowshed or Aqualina, same price point or cheaper and much better facilities and treatments.
Bliss spa is amazing! The atmosphere, the staff... everything was lovely. I only popped in for a quick Brazilian, but I would absolutely go back to sample all of the services. As for the Brazilian itself, I've been getting them for years including many at the bliss spa in my hometown... but this one was by far the best I've ever had.  Svetlana was an absolute doll, and made the experience... dare I say... enjoyable?  If you've never gone Brazilian or ever had a bad experience, this will cure you; the combination of bliss's magical wax and  Svetlana's amazingly capable hands will show you why women ever do this more than once ;) I visit South Beach several times a year and will be factoring a visit to Svetlana and bliss into my travel plans verrry regularly!
I went there last year in December vacation.  I needed a facial badly.  It was conveniently located near my hotel. I decided to book it there. It  was very expensive and I see no result after the facial. It was just ok..
Svetlana is the BEST! I had the triple hydration facial with the cucumber mask! My PH - balance is off she told me dairy red wine & spicy food all of the above my favorites btw are really bad for my face... I am working on it giving up dairy :) Anyway I highly recommend her & the triple hydration by her!
Convenient location being attached to The W, but very few amenities if you're looking for a spa experience. Overall, the massage I had was just okay, and would only return to kill time like we did today after check out.
I luv this place. If i could go everyday I would. I had the double chocolate pedicure, hot cream manicure, leg, bikini wax and blissage 75 massage. Totally worth the money paying for. Get there early! U dont want to miss the steam shower room!
Recently went back to Bliss Spa for the triple oxygen facial (my personal fav!) and the fabulips treatment. Had a wonderful experience overall! I went on a Tuesday, so the spa was basically empty except for me. I arrived about an hour before my appointment and enjoyed the sauna for a bit, then gorged on the brownies :). The facial was, as always, great. I love that bliss includes massages during the breaks with their facials when you are waiting for the facial to soak in. I've been to places which don't include the massages, but the arm, leg, shoulder massage at bliss was definitely much needed. Also, I love the feel of the oxygen facial as it starts bubbling up. During the facial, I also received the fabulips treatment. First, they applied a cleanser similar to the triple oxygen facial, and then scrubbed down my lips with a vanilla scrub (warning, smells so delicious you will want to eat it!!). Then they added a minty lip plumper, which made my lips look glossy and full. Only sad part about the facial/ lip treatment was that it was so comfortable I fell asleep for a good 20 minutes of it :(. At the end, I caved in a bought both the triple oxygen facial gift set ($75 package special now!) and the fabulips gift package that includes the exact ingredients they used ($45!!). I've been using them now and love it! Also, customer service was great, no wait time whatsoever! Although, I was the only customer around :P
Had the "fatgirlslim" wrap w/ Tuyana and I am in love w/ her! So, I booked an appt for the detox wrap before I leave south beach. Will update!
worst "spa" experience i've ever had. terrible shellac manicure that chipped within HOURS when it is billed to last 2 weeks! nice massage but very basic - no offer to upgrade and no bliss products used. when I went to check out, the receptionist told me my total but offered no explanation about the charges and it turns out they add 18% gratuity (not how any other bliss spas operate!) so i ALSO left a cash tip without realizing. the girl at the desk watched me count out the 20% cash tip and still didn't make any mention of the automatic gratuity she was in the process of charging me. the process was so shady that i actually think she wanted to pocket the cash i left. TRY and complain to bliss for any of this - i dare you. phone queue was 8 minutes long just to get a call center who can only take messages. the W staff couldn't assist. and the spa manager took 2 days to return my voicemails. the only consolation he offered me was a gift card for another shellac mani - how lovely. fat chance i'll use it when the service was literally worthless and chipped after a matter of hours. he thanked me for the "feedback" and seemed way too relaxed about the fact that i had a horrendous experience all around. for the money, go literally anywhere else.
Just had an amazing massage had-to-toe. This place is very nice and professional but I think is important to come early in the morning because some visitors are really messy(some female forgot how to be a woman not pigs) I'm more than sure that I will come back.
5 stars to Yulia! I got shellac done in Bliss spa salon, and i really liked it. Shellac was amazing, and it stays without chipping  for about two weeks. It was very good experience!!!
I had the pleasure of getting a gift certificate for Bliss Spa. I am a hard critic because I am also a skincare professional.  I had Dana as my esthetician and she was fabulous. Described all she was doing and let me relax and enjoy my treatment. I would highly recommend.
I love Bliss Spa. You can go to just about any Bliss location and your treatments will be amazing. Love the South Beach location. All the estheticians are brilliant. I am back to my facial routine, going monthly and my skin has never loved me more. The estheticians here are honest with you and will not offer you a service that your skin does not need. My only issues is the staff that checks you out. Last month they were not very attentive. Nobody was at the register when I went to pay, so I waited for about 10 minutes. I was back 2 weeks ago; the girl checking me out was on the phone chatting with someone at the desk downstairs. I had enough time to scroll through my emails while she chatted...and noticed that I had just been sent an email from Bliss for 30% off products. So I went and grabbed a face wash. The employee would not give me the discount. She said I needed to print the coupon, yet the coupon gave the code for the employee to type in...Just a little frustrating! I'll be back this week, but will only purchase products online from now on.
Trying to get info on Bliss in South beach is like trying to reach the president. The website does not give pictures of the facilities...when you try and call the phone # you are on hold for 20 min or more. The website for Bissworld.com looks like a grade schooler put it together. I was looking for massage therapy for my wife and 2 friends while in Miami Beach...I will be sending them elsewhere...very surprising as the W hotel is known as a high class establishment. Even the W hotel website does not give information about it's own spa!
i am a loyal bliss spa-goer! they have the best products and the facials are amazing!  (esp. the oxygen treatment)  can't wait for my next appointment
