We visited on the first morning of our honeymoon, showing up when they opened based on recommendations in previous reviews. Suffice to say, we left in a state of complete satisfaction, and disbelief at the combination of delicious food, friendly service, and cheap prices (usually you're doing well with two out of three). AND that's not even to mention eating outside on the beautiful temple grounds, the communal atmosphere of the place, and the view of the river. This place is so unique, and so good, that I would recommend it without reservation.
I am not going to be able to do this place justice with this review. We brought our three year old with us while on our way to the zoo, and she was not happy about the delay in her zoo trip, so we were rushed. I hit the first line I saw for thai pad, but I'm not even sure that's accurate is thai pad should have noodles and what I received was pork on rice. That's how rushed I was, I didn't even have time to accurately identify my dish! Whatever pork dish it was, it looked boring, but let me tell you it was full of many flavors and was absolutely delicious!  Savory might be the correct word. The wife hit the fried banana line and those were great too, as was the Thai tea. The temple is beautiful, the ambience is chill. My greatest regret is not making it to the noodle soup line. We will have to get a sitter and come back, I can see myself spending a few hours here next time, and I will update my review according.
I have to start my review stating that I can't wait to go back since we got our food to go. It's football Sunday and Papi has a date with the sofa... I think we were lucky that it stormed badly last night because the lines weren't ridiculous as expected so we were in and out in less than 15 minutes. I ordered the small beef with medium noodles first. It didn't look like much, but boy is the broth really tasty. The beef in the soup was well seasoned and already cooked. From the curry line I ordered the red curry chicken and the mango papaya curry chicken. The curry was fantastic but you don't get much chicken! I also ordered fried bananas. I loved the crunch of the batter. The batter also includes sesame seeds. Very different than the fried banana I grew up eating Filipina style. The reason I always liked turon was because of the crunch that the lumpia wrapper gives the banana, but these Thai fried bananas have a good crunch without a wrapper! The temple and Palm river setting is beautiful, so I can't wait to come back when I have more time to chill and enjoy it.
This Thai temple is a truly awesome experience! The grounds are beautiful and it's tucked into a residential area that I'm sure hates the Sunday morning traffic it creates. The food stands are staffed by volunteers and have lines marked on the ground. We were first greeted by the curry rice line, and meandered down the side to see some other options before joining the mass of people. The line moved quickly and we ordered a red curry, a ginger chicken dish, and a spicy something. We then picked up some beef on skewers at another table, followed by a spicy beef salad, a couple Thai iced coffees, and the lemongrass pork sausage at the booth near the plants for sale. We opted to skip waiting on the noodle soup line because it was getting too long and we had enough things to sample. The food was all wonderful. Everything tasted fresh and the flavors were complex. My favorites were the sausage, beef skewers, and the beef salad. I was a little underwhelmed with the amount of meat in the curry and their iced coffee/tea is mostly I've unless you ask for less. Other than that, no complaints. There were tons of happy people and we manage to hijack the end of a picnic table that was already in use. I'll definitely be back when it cools down. So will the rest of Tampa, because this is definitely no secret/hidden gem!
We wound up at the Thai Temple because it's dog-friendly (and it seemed neat). The grounds are beautiful, lots of old trees, right on the water. It's a really peaceful location. It's open 9:30 to 1 on Sundays (check the website to make sure the hours are the same when you want to go). Get there early for the best availability of food, and parking. We ended up there around 12, so it was winding down but there were still a ton of people! You can look around the inside of the temple, but there was a service starting by the time we went to do that, so we didn't go inside this time. We had the pad thai and it was yummy. I hear the noodle soups are really great (I'll be trying one next time). And Thai tea is only $1! Dogs are welcome on the grounds, but aren't allowed up in the area where food is prepared/served. So don't go alone with your dog if you want to get something to eat. The website states a dress-code, but it doesn't apply to the Sunday Market. Be respectful--it is a religious temple--but shorts, tank tops, t-shirts, etc are allowed for the Sunday Market.
I finally made the trek this morning to eat at the Wat Mongkolratanaram, or otherwise known to some as, Thai Temple. A group of friends and I got there before the madness began, and were able to have great parking, minimal lines, and a great spot to enjoy our food. Since this was the first time I had ever been here, I wasn't aware of the setup. I decided to grab some noodle soup before the line got out of control. I chose the beef pho with the small noodles and was looking forward to savoring the delicious smelling broth. I asked the gentleman to put it in a to-go container full well knowing that I would be taking leftovers home. My next stop was the egg roll booth. Unfortunately for me, they had sold out and were frying another batch. I decided not to wait and started searching for the spring rolls. I was able to pick up a container of four with minimal wait. I also picked up a beef stick. After making two treks to our table, I forgot to buy something to drink, and quickly ran to purchase a bottled water. Finally, I was able to eat! I started with the beef stick because it was the easiest thing to eat. It was delicious. I, then had two Shrimp Spring Rolls and they were tasty, too. The dipping sauce for the Spring Rolls was very good, as well. The heat was unbearable, so I decided I would wait until I was in the comfort of my own home to enjoy my pho. There were also some insects at our table, but that is to be expected sitting outside under trees. There were some beautiful flowers and orchids for sale. I decided against buying one because I have tendency to kill all my plants due to neglect. The Temple itself was gorgeous! I wanted to go inside but there is a sign that clearly states "No shorts or low-cut blouses." Out of respect, I decided to stay outside and look through the window instead. Much to my dismay though, there were several people who had shorts on who had ignored the sign and were wandering around in the temple! Seriously? This may not be a place of worship for you, but please respect it is for others!!! Besides the heat, my experience at Thai Temple was a good one. The key is...get there early and everything is so much easier! I was able to enjoy my pho later in the day at home and it was very good. I will definitely return to the Wat, but it won't be until late fall when it is much cooler.
All outdoor dining, cash only, dog friendly (if you bring a friend who can hold him/her while you order). ONLY OPEN ON SUNDAYS The food is great. I can usually get my fill and then some for under ten dollars. You may consider bringing more money than that if you want to buy something to take home. They have a small selection of plants (orchids and other ornamentals as well as edibles) for sale as well as food. You can bring your dog if it is well behaved but only service animals can go into the food line areas so you would need to bring a friend who could watch him or her near the tables. My fellow fur-parents typically go as a small group and order in shifts.
I can't believe it took me so long to check out Wat Tampa, as it is called. Who can pronounce Mongknbwhdjksshgd anyway? It was so wonderful. The Buddhist Temple is beautiful, but don't wear shorts or low-cut blouses if you want to see the inside close-up, as a sign specifically mentions them as disrespectful and forbidden in the temple. The shining,  gorgeous edifice is nestled amongst the live oaks,  dripping with Spanish moss, alongside the peaceful Palm River. Next to the temple is a huge open-air market on Sundays,  selling all types of authentic Thai food. I had the basil chicken and it was amazing. I also tried a skewer of spicy beef which was delicious. Next time (and there will be a next time) I have to try the pumpkin curry chicken. It looked so good. My kids had the fried chicken wings which looked crispy and mouth-watering. So many choices abound, including lots of sweet treats if that is your thing. We scored a shady picnic table right by the river. Although there were hundreds of people there that day, we did not have to wait in any lines more than a few minutes and the sprawling grounds seemed to have plenty of shady seating for everyone. I'm addition to all the freshly prepared food available the Sunday Market also had lots of beautiful orchids,  both cut and potted, for sale at great prices. They also had many other types of ornamental plants for sale, as well as Asian fruit trees and Asian vegetables. Can't wait for our next visit to this Tampa Bay gem.
Quick Summary:  I love the outdoor location, it's perfect for a Sunday morning/afternoon outing with family and friends. The food is very delicious and for a pretty good value.  Come early to avoid the crowds (930 ish is good) and you can grab a seat in the shade. Finally made it out here with the company of some yelper friends.  Took a moment to explore the Temple, which is quite nice.  As a (technical) Buddhist, I probably should know more about the temple, but I've never really delved into the religion. The Temple itself is quite ornate, with lots of gold, and the altar inside is something to definitely see.  There's a HUGE gong on the inside... which is ever sooo tempting to just grab the mallet and give it a solid whack... but I successfully squashed the 3 y.o. in mean and opted not to do that... this time... The food is sold in an open market like venue. For the most part, there is only one vender per items, though I believe drinks were probably duplicated.  We went for the noodle bowl, which was definitely the most popular based on the fact there's a very long line that builds up for it.  There's a pork and beef option, and you get to pick the thickness of your noodles too, super thin, med, or fat.  I opted for the pork which was pretty good, though only two meatballs was a little sad... Also tried vegetarian spring rolls... which were ok... a little flimsy... needs a better wrapper. But the fried bananas and plantains were quite yummy... I saw a lot of other typical thai options, but didn't get to try them... and I was very interested on the grilled meats... they smelled delicious. Thai coffee/tea for only a buck is a good deal, and very satisfying for a hot day.  Though, the seating area is mostly covered by trees and right on the water so it's not that bad. Overall it's a nice place, cool to visit, and with pretty good foods. I liked the "chill outing" feel of the place and will definitely go back for some of the other foods (I saw Larb Gai and must HAVE it!)
The meditation and chanting on Sundays is so peaceful. Keep an eye on their website for special events, parking can be difficult then. The food is amazing. I love the fried bananas and Pad Thai. Such a variety, it is always too hot for me outside to try it, but my friends love the Pho too. Real inexpensive lunch...everything is a $5 donation.
I sometimes want to call the Thai temple a "hidden gem" but considering the crowds it's safe to say it's no longer hidden. Get here early to get your fill of delicious and inexpensive Thai cuisine. I'm partial to the $1 Thai tea and fried bananas. They're aren't quite as many vegan/vegetarian options as I would like, but the options they do have are so delicious that I don't mind the lack of variety. Even on a hot Florida summer day, the shady trees and breeze from the river always makes a Sunday morning trip to the temple a great experience.
It's insanely hard for me to get up at the asscrack of dawn on Sundays, but it's what you have to do if you want to get some soup at The Wat without standing in a 30 minute line.  I've heard this story again and again from a friend of mine who has been going once a month for 8 or 9 years now.  Heeding his word, La Chica and myself decided to take it easy on Saturday to allow an early wake up time on Sunday.  We got there at about 9:15 and there were no lines anywhere.  We grabbed a delicious chicken stick for $3, and then got in the soup line.  I ordered a small beef soup bowl with medium noodles.  I then added a few dashes of fish sauce, one scoop of Thai chili pepper mix and one spoonful of sugar.  This was my first time here, so I was eager to see if the soup was better than Pho.  After one bite, the verdict was in, Pho can go Pho itself.  Thai noodle soup is king. Before leaving, I also scooped up some ghost chili mango jelly and a beef salad with sticky rice to nom on later.  The beef salad was amazeballs, and I think I enjoyed it more than the soup.  I had some of the jelly the next morning on toast with peanut butter, and it was impressively good.  I thought it was going to burn off my face, but the heat was very muted, making for some very enjoyable morning toast. Make sure you walk over to the river and take a gander at the catfish.  There are a ton of them who apparently also make the morning trek to The Wat.  I wondered why at first, but then I saw some folks begin to feed them.  Smart fish. All-in-all this place just wins.  Having a ton of friends who are Thai, I can't believe it took so long to make it here.
Nature, food, authenticity. ..a great outdoor experience. Outside of religion and philosophy classes, my interaction with Buddhism has been very limited. Coming to the "Wat" has been an mind-expanding experience. I have been to the temple when there is a monk answering guests questions through a translator and it is super cool to learn about their powerful beliefs. Although I was mainly interested in the food, I left with an itch to learn more about their philosophy. OK... the food! It depends what time you get there...the earlier the better: Better parking, more food options, less wait, less lines. So far I've had: Beef on a stick ($3) Chicken on a stick ($3) Coconut Custard w or w/o Green Onions ($3 & $5) Pad Thai, Red Curry Chicken, Green Curry Pork  ($7) Coconut Juice, Iced Tea, Coffee ($1) Noodle soup with Pork ($6) I'd say that the flavors are great and the presentation is OK. When I feel like going back I think of the Beef on the stick and the Coconut Custard (my favorites). Still, I don't come here for the food only, it's sitting in the picnic tables outside with a lot of people around and watching the river and the gardens, and while your friends are distracted you could score an extra roll, coconut custard or meatball. Tip: Bring cash, and if you want to try the coconut custard make sure that you place the order as soon as you get there because the average wait after 10:30 am is 1 hour on that particular item.
Came out with some fellow Yelpers to experience the Wat. I got here about 9:30AM so parking was still plentiful. I actually got front row right up front by the trees which gave me a bit of anxiety as I tried to figure out how the heck i was going to get out later. I actually had to do a 3 point turn and thankfully all the other cars were gone so I had a lot of room. I watched the smart people come, grab all the food they wanted and leave the temple before the crowd and heat came out. I see what you guys did there. Pretty smart! So I guess I should have tried some more foods, but was too busy listening to interesting conversations and laughing and debating if I wanted to get back up and wait in lines again. The coconut custard wait list was insanely long and the Thai ladies said it would be about an hour wait. Next time! What I did get to try: Noodle soup. That noodle soup line is ridiculous. And it never got smaller the whole time we were there.Two sizes for soup: a small ($6) or med/large($8). You get a choice of small, medium or large noodles with beef, pork, or vegetables. I got a small beef with medium noodles. It was ok. I guess I should have added some more condiments instead of relying on the broth solely? I had only added some hot pepper. I still love my pho better. ;) Thai tea ($1)- refreshing in the heat! Vegetarian fresh rolls- love the peanut dipping sauce. The rolls were kind of limp and...floppy (Lol). It tasted good though! Strolled down by the water afterwards. Had a look inside the temple. Very serene and beautifully decorated. I love the ceiling work. The Wat is a very beautiful place to come hang out and eat. Next time I will try more foods! Thanks for the good time guys!
This is a Lao place.  Not a Thai place.  I love Lao food. It's a shame that Lao people have some sort of inferiority complex and pretend to be Thai.  When you get the papaya salad, make sure you ask them to make it Lao style.  Otherwise, they whitewash it and leave all the good spices out, and call it Thai salad ;)
This place is so cool!  Easily one of the top places you want to visit while in the Tampa area.  It seems to get really crowded but there is a really large parking lot with multiple sections and attendants to direct you to the nearest open spot.  There will be a lot of people there!!   The building next to the temple has a porch all around it and this is where the food stands are.  Decide what you want and get in a line.  There is a lot to choose from.  Different drinks: Thai iced coffee and tea, juices, and coconut water.  Different food: spring rolls, noodles, rice, soup, sweets.  I wasn't sure what some of the food was.  The prices are all reasonable.  I tried the pad Thai, and sticky coconut sweet rice with mangoes.  All of the drinks and food were delicious.  The grounds are beautiful.  There is a scenic temple, statues, and lots of flowers, including orchids hanging on all of the trees.  Picnic tables are set up next to the river, under the trees, and there is also a flower and plant stand.  I totally recommend going.  It's also good for people watching.
The Venue: 5 stars I wish I live closer to the Wat because I love going here. The temple is gorgeous and the grounds it's on is enchanting. It's located right next to the Palm River and has lots of tall trees which provide much needed shades onto the many picnic tables provided for us to use. The Food: 4 stars I love the variety of Thai food the Wat offers. Some of my favorites are Fried Plantains, Pumpkin Curry and Shrimp Spring Rolls. There's a Noodle Soup (reminds me of pho) that's wildly popular according to the outrageously long line, but I don't particularly care for. I've also had Pad Thai and wings and I think they're just okay. If you're a fan of Thai desserts, then you gotta check out the dessert assortment. The Drinks: 5 stars You can't beat $1 each for Thai Iced Coffee, Thai Tea, coconut water, sodas and bottled water. I always get at least 1 coffee when I'm here. Parking can be a little difficult if you arrive after 11am, but I'm sure the helpful volunteers will find you a spot. The Sunday Market is from 9:30am to 1pm, but it's best to arrive before 10:30am or the lines will get long and some items might run out if you get there after noon. I love going to the Wat because despite the hundreds of people being there on any given Sunday, there's a feel of tranquility once you're on the property. It's a great place to spend a Sun morning or take out of towners or meet up with friends.
I loved it! Beautiful outside area and noodle soup with veggies was wonderful! Great time for family or friends! Beautiful.
The food and atmosphere is great! Dress appropriately as you will spend most of your time outside. You MUST try the sticky rice and coup bowls. The lines are long as the day go on so get there by 10. My daughter loved the fried bananas and the coconut custard. Also, be sure to bring cash! No cards.
This was flipping awesome. For starters, the temple and land are beautiful. It looks out on the water, and the vegetation is a thing of beauty. Added to this is some supreme Thai food. I had the soup with pork and angel hair pasta. I also had chicken skewers, some kind of tofu rice situation, and the rice and mango. It was all so, so good. Some of the people I was with also bought orchids that were being sold along with other  plants. When we finished eating, we went into the temple and witnessed part of the service. After that, we relaxed in the meditation  garden. It was calming and humbling and wonderful. I have no complaints except that parking was insane, but this is by far the coolest culinary experience I've had since moving here. I highly recommend it.
The Wat Mongkolratanaram (Thai Temple) is hands down the best place in Tampa to mix religion, nature and consumerism. On one side of the grounds you have this golden temple full of worshippers and monks. On the other side you have long lines of people waiting to donate (which really means buy) thai delicacies. The cash flows at breakneck pace. Adding to the allure of this Sunday destination is the fact that it sits just in front of a largely undisturbed section of the Hillsborough River.   The fun starts early Sunday mornings (around 10). Your should start around this time too. Unless you like long lines, crowded porches and paying to park in someone's back yard. You into that? Arrive whenever you feel like. Not your thing? Go early. This past weekend we visited the temple during their Thai New Year celebration. It was a mad house. One of the most popular food items served at the temple is the scallion coconut balls. These can only be made so many at a time so the wait by 11:30 (the time we arrived) was already an hour and a half long. Thankfully our friends had gotten there early and saved us a few. The coconut balls are rich and sweet. A handful should be enough to satisfy you for hours. No need to order the large size. Trust me.   Another popular item is the fried bananas/sweet potatoes. These fried bad boys are pretty big and filling. The batter is nice and crispy. They tend to run a bit...okay a lot...greasy. They are served in a paper bag and, again, one or two should be enough to satisfy most people. Our next stop was to the pad thai/curry line. While we waited, again long lines, we were able to sneak in and grab two veggie egg rolls (no line here). These were nice and crispy outside with not much grease. The inside was fine although it seemed to be mostly cabbage. Our normal main course of action is the tofu pad thai. On this particular visit when we finally arrived at the counter I was disappointed to see that it wasn't listed. I inquired about it but due to the language barrier I wasn't able to understand if they had ceased selling it or run out for the day. I decided to get one of the other tofu dishes they offered. It was a red curry tofu. They give you the option of having it over fried rice or steamed rice. I went with the fried. I like the flavoring of the curry tofu but they amount that they gave me was minute. My dish was a lot more rice than it was tofu. I would have liked it the other way around but could have settled for something closer to a 50/50 split. We ended our visit with a Thai Coffee (for J-Fur) and some pictures along the water. Overall, I enjoy visiting Wat Mongkolratanaram. It is in an awesome location and has decent food at really cheap prices. Some Sunday when you grab your paper at 9 AM and notice the weather is amazing (not too hot, not too cold) may I suggest packing up your family and heading to the thai temple for a unique experience.
Yay Thai food!   Lots of good stuff here, and very cheap.  We got something from just about every counter, and still walked away with a fair amount of cash.  Panang curry was tasty, beef skewers were the best things we ate (awesome spices), the wife loved her noodle soup, thai tea is outstanding.  Next time I'll hit up the other ones.   Parking is free, but terrible.  And if you're coming from 41, be careful going over those railroad tracks, they're gutted with huge potholes that will cause some serious pain.  Getting there after 10:30am is an exercise in frustration, not only for the parking situation, but the lines.  The noodle soup line was 100 people deep - and while the servers at the counter were working very quickly, 100 people is still a 15-minute wait.  If you're okay with that, more power to you, but that's too long for me.  Seating is goofy, too.  Obviously they're not going to be bussing table and serving like a regular place, but seat saving is rampant.  People, it's a Buddhist temple.  Be nice to each other and let someone sit next to you.  It won't kill ya. Those issues are for the most part out of the temple's control though, so five enthusiastic stars for everything else this place does.  Lastly, to the fat guy who decided baggy shorts with no undershirt is appropriate dress for a holy site - don't step on the mats in the temple, people pray there.  Your pictures can wait.  And pull your pants up, Siddhartha doesn't want to see your asscrack.
This place is so serene, and beautiful! Not only is the temple a sight to be seen, but the nature surrounding the temple is also very pretty. This temple is located alongside the hillsborough river, where there are multiple picnic tables to sit and enjoy the beauty. There is also a market where you can buy traditional Thai food. The market is quite large, but get here early because it does get packed! My husband and I were able to try the red curry chicken, shrimp spring rolls, and sweet sticky rice with taro. Everything that we ordered was delicious, and cheap! We did not pay more than $5 for a dish, and it was big enough for the two of us to split. We can not wait to go back!
This was my first time going to a Buddhist temple and I must say, it was a great experience. The temple itself is beautiful and the grounds were pretty as well. Even with the hoards of people that were there to partake in some delicious Thai dinning and to learn about the temple, there was a sense of peace and tranquility. I enjoyed everything I ate and the Q&A in the temple was a great learning experience. It was a gorgeous day so exploring the grounds was a real treat. Great place to learn, eat, and take photos. These are the things I tried, keep in mind that everything was delicious: - Pumpkin Curry Chicken with Fried Rice - Beef Noodle Soup - Chicken Kabob - Coconut Custard Pancakes - Sweet Coconut Sticky Rice with Mango - Thai Tea I'm getting hungry thinking about all that food! I can't wait to go back.
I'm always looking for a cool place for Sunday Brunch, so I stumbled upon this location (like everybody else) and was not disappointed. The food was just ok in my opinion. But, the experience and atmosphere out weighed the 'ok' food. I really liked the set-up with the different stations. The lines weren't that long with the exception of the noodle soup line. I also liked the casual picnic styled dining. They also have bins to recycle, which is great. In addition to the food, they sell orchids and other plants which were reasonably priced. Overall, great concept and experience for a Sunday brunch in Tampa.
First time here, and it was serene and delicious at the same time. Parking is not an issue as when you first enter the grounds, volunteers will direct you where to park. Walking around you will smell the incense and the cocktail of smells from the sunday market stalls. The food prices here range from $1-$5 (with $5 being mostly the main entrees) and cash only! Just a note though, it was PACKED, especially the noodle soup area. My family and I first got the mango sticky rice. I've been meaning to try it all my life, and I'm glad I did! Although I have tried typical sticky rice before (xoi), the combination of both coconut milk and the mango was delish....the juiciness of the mango and the sweetness of the coconut milk...yumyuminmytumtum We were waiting in the long-ass line for the noodle soup but then after getting a smell and glimpse of one of the bowls coming our way, it smells straight up like pho. I thought it would be similar to vietnamese bun rieu (which I am craving). So we didn't continue. Instead, we got some chicken wings, fried plantains, nam sod and something similar to banh koc (don't know the translation to english). The chicken wings are not your normal popeyes/kfc/bojangles/publix wings...just think of it asian style...a healthier version in which you dip in fish sauce mmm. It was three HUGE wings. The fried plantains were delish..$3 for 7 half slices.Not to sweet to hate, not too fried to feel fat...just right :) The nam sod...omg...have you guys tried the mama instant noodles? IT TASTE LIKE THAT BUT HEALTHIER AND NOT SOUPY AND WON'T MAKE YOU FEEL GUILTY IN THE END. My fiance needs to learn how to make this delish dish (or I have too haha) The banh koc tasted like vietnamese banh bo. My only wish was that there were scallions and meat in it. Overall it was a nice experience...the parents and I wandered around the plant and vegetable area and explored..we got 8 starfruits for $2! There is also a dock there for those with boats can park at, and you should look down in the water..there was a school of catfish underneath! Anyways, the only con of this place is that...since this is a temple, it would be nice if people didn't trash their grounds...yes I know its windy, and we are sitting outside...but if you know you are sitting outside and saw wind along the way wouldn't it be nice to cover your napkins/bags/etc with something heavy...don't trash a nice place people. Or atleast pick up your mess. Napkins almost flew in people's faces or their food. In addition, don't table hog if you are only two people there. sit along the side so other people can sit too. Sharing is Caring and Buddha will see :). No need to pay $5 for getting goodluck  for the new year by dispensing reused coins along side the buddha statues if you act as a good citizen to others by sharing tables, and helping monks/volunteers by keeping the place clean. Be respectful.
I would call this a hidden gem but judging by the number or reviews and the crowd there today, the secret is out! I recommend doing a full lap when you get here to see all of the offerings. The noodle soup line gets so long that you may not realize there are additional stalls. Beyond the noodle soup line are curries, pad thai, curry puffs, and more. I tried the green chicken curry, panang pork, a pork roll, and fried bananas. Everything was fantastic. I wish I could have tried more dishes but I was too full! The temple grounds are beautiful -- it's such a serene setting along the Hillsborough River. Even if you aren't a huge fan of Thai food, it's a neat spot to just hang out on a nice morning. I'll definitely be back. I think my goal for 2014 will be to try everything here. (Dream big, self.)
While the food isn't the most glamorous or innovative, it is most definitely tasty.  I have been to the Wat for their Sunday festival day numorous times.  My favorite dish is the scallion coconut custard.  The line gets long and there is usually a wait, but you'll be assured of getting fresh ones.  The fried bananas are good too.  Sometimes they can be soggy though.  You have to get a noodle soup dish to round out your meal.  The outside venue is great, right on the water.  Great for families and friends, and big groups.
After hearing about "Thai Temple" for so long living in Tampa, I was excited to finally see what the fuss was all about.  I knew that all the reviews were glowing, so of course, I had high expectations.   Coming from a highly uncultured person- it's kind of a mix of a flea market and a picnic buffet.  It's a non descript building with a wrap around deck- and all along the deck are different food stations- some served hot for you to eat there- and some pre-packaged to take home.   As far as overall experience goes, it was a really cool place.  Nestled in a random area in Tampa, the grounds are all along the Hillsborough River- so it's a beautiful place to spend a nice afternoon.   Prices are great.  $5 for a generous helping of rice and curry chicken. $1 for a soda or water.   As for the food- I am not personally a fan of Thai so I can't really fairly comment on it. We were told to get there super early, as lines get long and parking becomes scarce, so we arrived about 10:30, but thankfully it wasn't very crowded (people christmas shopping i presume).   I'm giving it 4 stars because it's so unique from anything you can experience in Tampa. It's something I would bring a guest to if they were a big fan of Thai food.  However, I probably won't go back on my own- I can't imagine waiting in super long lines for it.   It's worth checking out either way if you've never been :)
HOMEMADE COOKING BY HOME-COOKERS Tears didn't spring to my eyes and angels didn't sing, but this food was still great. Don't expect the vegetables to make that crisp crack in your mouth from freshness... remember--the cooks here are not restaurant professionals but regular families from the Temple. They are home-cooking for the masses so like most families will take a few short cuts because of what's available to them. My chicken curry looked like mush while the noodles in our soup were softer than preferred. But while the textures were slightly off, the overall flavor was great. Not too strong or weak. You could still taste the proteins through the sauce and enough noodles or rice was provided to accompany. The fried bananas were crispy and oily and was definitely a sinful little snack. THE VALUE IS INSANE But dang it, when you compare the prices of this home-cooked meal to area Thai restaurants, this BLOW the competition AWAY! That home-cooking taste or feel is never as crisp, fresh, or bold as restaurant versions, but has that ability to still make you fall in love with that cooking... and with spending less. I totally buy more than I eat and just empty everything into Tupperware which I bring with me. HEAVENLY AREA There's around eight 'tables' to buy food with a good variety. You'll find Temple members selling fried bananas, curries, noodle soups, stir fry, drinks and more. Buy your nommies then take your treasure to one of many outdoor seating along the beautiful waterfront. Often a breeze and all the shade from the trees make this a very enjoyable outdoor experience. Definitely a hidden and unique gem in Tampa Bay
What can I say that 138 people before me haven't said? hmm... I can say I gave it 5 stars because this is as close to a foodie's dream that you can get. All of the right elements are there: a bit shady, a bit of a language barrier, a bit of a line, and a bit of a right-of-passage that almost makes you feel like you've earned something when its your turn to order (or point). The right to say "give me whatever and take my money!" :) I could have gone to this place blind-folded and still been completely satisfied. We were dumb first-timers and I had zero cash and my friend had $17. We can make this work. (I paid her back) 3 meals (beef salad, curry w/ chicken, some noodle dish, a thai tea, and 2 bottles of water later (we found $1 of change in her purse too) we were full and looked at each other in disbelief that being who we are...why have we never been here? I leave you with a quote from The Beach as Leo has already put into words what I was thinking the whole time: "Trust me, it's paradise. This is where the hungry come to feed. For mine is a generation that circles the globe and searches for something we haven't tried before. So never refuse an invitation, never resist the unfamiliar, never fail to be polite and never outstay the welcome. Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience. And if it hurts, you know what? It's probably worth it."
On Sundays the food at this open air market is amazing and totally fresh, most of it prepared right in front of you.   Situated at the Buddhist Temple next to the river, the weekly event draws quite a crowd, so it's best to arrive early and be prepared for lines.  However, it still manages to have a soothing atmosphere; you can hear the monks chanting over the speakers at times, and people are friendly and polite.  I've had spicy papaya salad (shredded right in front of me), coconut custard, soup, grilled chicken, fried sweet potato, rolls, Pad Thai, etc.  I have always been happy with both the flavors AND the prices here - they do a great job.  In addition, they often have produce and plants for sale too.  It's a great place to bring a date or a small group of friends, just not in the middle of July perhaps. NOTE:  don't go on "free" day, as it is  absolutely mobbed
Amazing authentic Thai food at their Sunday market - beautiful setting on the water with plenty of picnic tables.  Finally found the mango sticky rice with coconut milk that I once had in California.  Delicious.  Small produce/flower section - focused on serving already prepared food. Reasonable pricing. Can't wait to return.
Over 100 reviews and 4.5 stars says it all. The Wat is a culinary and cultural gem. My only recommendation: Find out what line serves what. You may find yourself unnecessarily standing in a long line for something you may not want. You really can't see the signs until your up close to the servers. So either do a walk around prior or ask someone who is familiar with the maze.
Stay away! Don't come here! That's what I'd like to tell you because I want to keep it all to myself. You see this place is pretty much perfect aside from the amount of people that have figured out what a gem it is. Where do I start? It's hidden somewhere down an overgrown street in Tampa and you'll know when you see it because there's a gorgeous and authentic temple just begging you to strike a pose in front of it. Once you've had your fun, you head around to the back where there's a patio of different food stations with one million options to choose from. Get there early... like as early as you possibly can. We got there around 10:00 am and still wished we were there earlier. We tried the pad thai, which was decent and then the meat on a stick that you can buy near the garden area. That stuff was delicious. I'm not even sure what kind of meat it was, and we didn't even care because it tasted THAT good. After that we walked around and enjoyed the grounds as well as the waterfront views. You can pick up some orchids and some desserts to take home, but one thing you should buy while it's nice and hot is a big ol' bag, (yes, order an entire bag), of friend plantains. Holy mother of god these things were amazing. My skeptical boyfriend took one bite and had to stop himself from eating the entire container of bananas coated in a sweet batter, fried and then covered with sesame seeds. This place isn't just a temple or a place to grab brunch, it's an event. Get there early and order everything you can.
The best place for a peaceful brunch/lunch with your friends, family or even by yourself. This place is full of good homemade cooked Thai food. Plenty of outdoor seating overlooking the river. A very peaceful serene environment. Every now and then there will be Thai holiday event going on as well. You know it's good Thai food if you see Thai grandmas preparing food in the back. It definitely lives up to its reputation and the food and drink is very reasonably priced.
Have you ever lived in a place that was considered a melting pot?  The kind of place where  on your  walk to lunch you  bypass a Greek or Italian or Vietnamese spot to get to the Kosher deli you were craving  all day?   Well, I have.  That's one  of the things I miss  living here.  If have never experienced that or want to experience that or just miss that feeling, this is the place for you. On Sundays at the Thai Temple they sell food. It's open air market style. The kind of place where women chatting at a table peel bananas a few feet away from their irritated uncle waiting next to a wok with bubbling oil ready to make money. This is the kind of place where Blacks,Whites, Hispanics, Asians- old , young and anyone else you can imagine , come to eat, meet, and enjoy the beauty that is Florida. The food is absolutely authentic, portions are generous, and prices are more than reasonable.  They only take cash here and I don't think there is an ATM.  The most expensive dish I saw was $8.00. It was a huge bowl of noodle soup filled with beef and dumplings and the most delicious broth. They sell chicken with red or green curry, sticky rice, fried bananas, tons of desserts and many other things that I have never seen before but can't wait to try. I had pork dumplings.  The dumplings overstuffed with steamed pork that had hint of ginger and complemented the soy ginger dipping sauce perfectly.  I also tasted fried banana,  beef noodle soup and  red curried chicken served over a bed of white rice.     You can do take out but we decided to sit at one of the many picnic tables to eat.  We were facing the river and watched a boat pull up to the dock and park so its passengers could get a bite to eat. After eating we did a little exploring and went inside the Buddhist Temple.  There was a meditation class going on so we could not walk around but I was told that if you're lucky you can come and listen to the monks chanting.  There was a little playground for the kids and a basketball court as well.  This was one of the most relaxing, tasty places that I have had lunch at in a very long time. If you are looking for something different that the whole family can enjoy, check this place out one Sunday. Let me know what you think.
Like like most retired folks I've met from around these parts, my in-laws they are generally trepidatious about visiting ethnic eateries because they may not be able to identify what's good to eat or communicate with vendors. I LOVE squeezing as much culture from my trips as possible, so I convinced them to give the place a chance.  Much to my satisfaction, this was the gateway experience for them.  Not only are there a variety of people from all walks of life (which made my in-laws more comfortable being there), but the Thai Buddhist community makes absolutely delicious homemade food.   We shared jasmine rice with green and red curry, vegetarian egg rolls, sweet coconut custards (a must have!) with scallions (which were a nice touch, surprisingly), and thais iced tea.  We came here for Sunday brunch (10:30a-2pm), but it's better to come here at 1pm because it isn't as crowded.  Fear not: there will be plenty of food when you arrive.  Prices are super reasonable, parking is free, and the food/environs rival the Hsi Lai Temple in LA.
Go!!! but get there on time. You want the real thing, that is the real thing, a little bit of everything to please everybody! Great cultural activity for the kids with an outdoor picnic type of deal. Summer little hot, but wonderful during fall and winter days. I think is one of the best kept secrets, for Thai food, almost hesitating to posting the review. Do take cash!
I must say that my trip to the "Thai Temple" was something that I was looking forward to for MONTHS. I definitely had my expectations way too high based off of all the rave reviews from Yelpers and foodie friends. I had a very mixed experience. Parts of Wat Mongkolratanaram deserve 5 stars, parts deserve 1 star. I am going to break my experience down: 1- Atmosphere: 5 Stars Amazing Atmosphere. It is really neat to experience another culture. The temple and the grounds are gorgeous. I could literally hang out at the picnic tables on the water all day long in the cooler weather. 2- Service: 4 Stars. Most of the people we interacted with were outstanding. The young gentleman we purchased an orchid from was very helpful and nice. The lady making our noodle soup was friendly even though my Husband confused her with the way he ordered. However, there were a few people that made me feel uncomfortable. I was at the fried banana stand for about 10 minutes before they acknowledged me (I guess they assumed I was waiting? Not sure..). I was also told one price to have it raised a few minutes later. Maybe I misunderstood. I'm not sure and the prices are cheap so I paid it. 3- Food: Varies. Overall 3 stars. -Noodle soup: 4 stars. This was one of our favorite things. It had a great flavor after I added a little bit of everything at the "spice table". However, the "meatballs" were gross. They were rubbery and probably not meat. It also had WAY too much cilantro and bean sprouts. I did like the medium noodles and broth A LOT. -Curries: 1 star. We lost our appetite quickly when we went to eat these. The chicken was just nasty. Mine had something that looked like a bone, sinew and fat hanging off of it. It looked like the stuff I cut off of chicken and throw away when I make it at home. I had pumpkin curry and ginger chicken. My Husband had red and green curry. None of the curries were flavorful. The ginger chicken was bland and had some sort of liver or tongue or something scary in it. No Thanks. -Thai Tea: 5 stars. I really liked this! It tasted like tea with coconut milk in it, although I am not sure if that is what it is. Definitely a refreshing treat. -Fried Bananas/Sweet Potatoes: 5 stars. The fried bananas were my absolute favorite thing. The batter is so good with the toasted sesame seeds. I liked the sweet potatoes too, but I thought the bananas were way better. Their sweetness made them perfect. These were too hot to eat there, so I munched on a few on the way home. The rest I ate cold the next day and they were even better like that! -Multicolored dessert ball thingys: 2 stars. Okay, I have no idea what these were called (uploading a picture) or what they had in them. I looked at the binder and it didn't really clear much up for me. So, I decided to get what I thought were coconut macaroons. They weren't and it was disappointing. These looked like fluffy little cakes out of the package and had little flavor. They had a very light sweetness. I wouldn't recommend wasting your money. Not bad, but not really good either. We also grabbed some spring rolls for home, but we haven't tried them yet. 4- Plants/Produce area: 5 Stars. It is really neat to look at the different plants and fruit that they have. I tried a fruit that was huge and green and prickly on the outside with little pink circle fruits on the inside (I asked the name, but didn't really get an answer). It tasted liked cantaloupe. I also purchased a beautiful orchid for only $5!! 5- Temple: 4 stars. It's a little cheesy looking, but very neat. You can go inside if you are dressed appropriately (NO SHORTS or cleavage) and take your shoes off. You can also attend a service / chanting, but we left before then. I was also a little disappointed that some of the things recommended to me were not available. No mango sticky rice. No Kanom Krok. I didn't see any meat skewers. Overall, we enjoyed our experience here but we won't be in a hurry to return again anytime soon. For us this is something to do once and say we did it. I just wish I could get cheap orchids and fried bananas closer to home. THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW: -Check the website!! They opened on 9:30am the week I went. They also have etiquette (don't point your feet at the monks, it's rude! What to wear, etc.), service times and other information on their website. -Bring Cash (We spent around $40 for two people, ate a ton, tossed $10 in curry and took home some food and an orchid) and an appetite. -This is all outdoors with several vendors wrapped around a deck, if it is raining or hot out you may be somewhat uncomfortable. If it is a day like I had this past Sunday, it is fantastic.
I love this place for a few reasons. It's a unique experience to get to walk around the grounds of the beautiful temple, the gorgeous river out back full of fish, and perhaps even pick out a few perfect orchids or plants at amazing prices. Second, the food is authentic and awesome. In true Asian style, you pick up what you want off the stands and pay with cash, and there's plenty of food to choose from. I would recommend getting there early (between 10-10:30 am) to sample stuff before they run out. Bringing several people may help to get the most variety. Here are my favorites... but try everything! - Pumpkin curry - tender chicken, steamy tender pumpkin. Quite delicious. - Pad thai - the authentic stuff. - Fried bananas - You get a ton of it and the sweetness is so good with the crunch. - Thai custard - Make sure to put your order in for these early, they may take an hour to make. I would just put in your order, eat, then go back for the custard. They're savory sweet and delicious. - Thai tea - at $1 a pop, you can get lots of these, although they get a bit sweet after a while. - Don't forget the sausage and meat skewer stand down by the area they sell the plants. Love the sausage and pork skewer. I haven't had a chance to try the noodle soup yet but from the looks of the line, it looks awesome. Will have to do that next time. Grab your food and find a picnic table. Then when you're done with a few rounds, feed a few scraps to the fish.
Great place to grab food on a Sunday morning. For those that haven't been, they have lots of awesome stalls of food. You can find everything from tasty desserts to awesome noodle soup. I especially like getting the fresh rolls and layered pandan rice cake from the dessert station before I follow up with some tasty entrees. The only thing I don't like is that their food isn't very spicy, as they want to keep it accessible. The flavors are all quite authentic, so I just load up spicy stuff at the condiment station. Be sure to bring cash! It's cash-only but pretty cheap, so you can burst with food for only $10.
Nice relaxing lunch by the water. The soup is awesome and one cant go wrong supporting Buddhist Monks ;)
Not enough can be said about the Buddhist Temple. Not enough can be said about the Buddhist Temple on a Sunday morning. Just be prepared to walk in and dive into a morning market filled with the amazing aroma of Thai food in the air. I love what they do here because it is so raw and real, and there is simply nothing like it anywhere around. A true and local market that must have started up with word of mouth, because it seems as though more and more people catch on every weekend that I spend there. Get ready to just drift away in a peaceful oasis and have amazing and authentic food with the nicest people around. if you are looking to grab a great bite to eat and then learn a little bit about Buddhism, I would definitely recommend this destiantion on a Sunday morning. CAUTION though: Try and go by 10:30 AM because it can definitely get packed and the lines can be long, but that is just an indication of how popular the Buddhist Temple is, and how beautiful and tasty the food and culture tastes and feels!
Who takes off work (yeah I work Sundays) to go to the Wat? Me. Yep. Long story short... I'm a fan. There's really nothing in Tampa like the Wat. It's a quick and convenient drive from my neighborhood in East Tampa, the scenery is beautiful, the atmosphere is peaceful, and the food is tasty and relatively affordable. I also like the "different" kind of crowd you see here. Not the normal after church crew (the Wat being a Buddhist temple, I guess you wouldn't expect that type to spend their Sundays here anyway, but you never know- people of all ages, backgrounds and affiliations seem to love it!). I've gone here with school friends, boyfriend and beyond, and everyone is a fan. Yay! And... best of all... it's dog-friendly. I'll be back soon enough.
In Summary: Bad food but a great/interesting environment. Wow, I hate to say it, but, as far as the food goes, this place was a HUGE let down.  I was really looking forward to some good food, and WMoF did not come through.  I've eaten a lot of Thai food in my life, and this was some of the worst.  I didn't get sick or anything, but it just wasn't good. I like to eat, so I got three things: pad Thai, veggie tofu, and veggie spring rolls.  I've had substantially better versions of all three of the dishes.  If I had to rank them, though, I'd say that the rolls were better than the pad Thai, which was better than the veggie tofu. Veggie Rolls: These were OK.  I paid $5 for 5 or so, and they were mediocre. Pad Thai: I was pleased to find out the pad thai was vegetarian, but it wasn't very good.  They did give me a huge portion (for $5), but it was lacking on ingredients and flavor.  The only ingredients I remember were noodles (obviously), some egg, one or two bean sprouts, and some low-grade sauce.  I ate the whole thing, but only because I have a stomach of iron. Veggie Tofu: This was BAD.  I didn't get sick, but I didn't finish the whole dish.  And I almost always finish my meals--no joke.  I can't remember the last time I threw food away, but I had to throw this dish away.  It was right on the fence between gross and bland. All that being said, the place was beautiful.  It's right on the river, people were feeding the catfish, and you can enter the temple (if you're dressed appropriately--e.g., no short shorts or spaghetti straps).  The whole place really has an authentic feel.
I can't say enough good things about this place. It's just fun! You go for the experience, if nothing else. I have an incredibly detailed write up on the experience, photos included, on my blog. It's worth viewing if you really want the scoop on this place. shaqworld.com/2013/06/17… Get out there and see for yourself! Take the kids!
Don't go to the Sunday lunch.  You won't like it. Fresh, flavorful food at very reasonable prices, in a beautiful, reaxed setting.  But, who likes great Thai food anyway? Really.  You won't like it.
This place (aka Thai Temple) is amazing.  There is a huge variety of food to eat here, from pumpkin curry to soup, to egg rolls, desserts... All very affordable and very delicious!  Highly recommend if you are ever in the Tampa Bay area!
This place is definitely a Tampa gem. All the reviews were extremely helpful to set up my expectations for this place and boy, did it not disappoint. Musts: Bring cash, arrive early, go on an empty stomach. We arrived to the temple around 10:18 am and there were already cars parked and pulled in. There was someone directing traffic so that was nice to lessen the confusion. We pulled into a concrete parking lot being one of the first cars to park in that section (the lot right next to the river looked full and parking was less organized there).  By the time we left around 11:30 am, the lot we were in was completely packed with more cars pulling in trying to find parking. The early bird... The temple itself is gorgeous! After visiting Thailand this December, I can really appreciate the fact that we have a Thai temple like this one in our city. Love it! The location is beautiful with plenty of seating right outside near the river but since it was chilly, most people opted for the indoor seating. There was a section solely dedicated to Thai desserts that were already pre-packaged and ready to carry out. I noticed many people bringing bags and bags of food home. I could smell the fried chicken wings right next to the dessert stall bring sold for $5 a container. This stall also sold fish curries and Thai papaya salad. When you turn the corner you see the fried bananas stall. They sell it in a $3 portion and a $5 portion. They also fried sweet potatoes but I opted for the $3 fried bananas. It was a generous portion served in a paper bag soaking up the residual oil. I couldn't help but notice that every group literally had a bag to share at every table. I stood in line for the noodle soups. You had the option of thin, medium or thick noodles. You also picked between beef and pork. The lines moved fairly quickly and the staff was extremely friendly. Every customer had a smile on their face. It was definitely a fun crowd of strangers to stand in. I chose an order of pork thin noodle soup and beef thin noodle soup. Two bowls of noodles for $10? Count me in! Condiments, spices and utensils could be found along the wall across the stalls. While I stood in line, my boyfriend and brother went to the curry section. My boyfriend came back with a fried rice with chicken, bamboo shoot curry over it. My brother came back with Panang Pork curry and a beef curry over rice. $10 in total (seriously, the price can't be beat) We made our way to the indoor seating area with cafeteria style seating. I really liked how casual it was. The food was delicious! I also noticed everyone was extremely good about cleaning up after themselves, busing their own trays and throwing away extra trash. The bathrooms were extremely clean too (always a bonus) We went to check-out the river view and get some skewers from the stall out back. We ended up trying one of each skewer they were offering including the chicken hearts. Our favorite was definitely the pork skewer that was marinated and charred perfectly. $1/skewer! We also picked up some Thai iced tea before we went to buy our fried bananas. $1 for a cup of Thai iced tea is amazing. I mean, it's mostly ice but it tasted fantastic. The fried bananas were delicious and a must. We were absolutely stuffed but I knew we couldn't go without trying them. I'm actually proud that I stopped at two slices. I could have finished the whole thing but I knew I would explode :) This is definitely something I'd go back again. I also noticed that dog owners would bring their dogs while enjoying the food at the picnic tables. Love that it's pet friendly.
This place is the bomb!!!! THE SCENE I started a talk thread in Tampa about 1 month before my visit asking the natives of the city to give me their favorite restaurant recommendations. The Tampa community was gracious and overwhelmed me with options. One suggestion in particular caught my eye (thank you Coty S). After checking the reviews and pics, it was clear this place is a must. After all, how often could you ever say you ate on the grounds of a Buddhist Temple with real live monks walking around. We decided to meet a few yelpers here that would definitely appreciate the quirky and unusual setting. I've shared compliments with Brian S from Rhode Island often, but we've never met in person before today. You may know him from his many lighthouse, public parks and library reviews. He is also one of only a few yelpers worldwide with over 65,000 compliments (which makes him sort of yelp famous). He, along with the Scruffy Tourist that appears in so many of his pics spent the day with us here and also at Fort DeSoto afterwards. It was a fabulous day filled with good food and good company... even though it was so cold outside that I saw a politician with his hands in his OWN pockets. ********** HOW IT WORKS HERE First, I was advised to be here by 10:30am on Sunday morning, but it would actually have been better to be here by 10am and wait for the different businesses to open. Some of the lines get REALLY long, especially for the pho soup.   The setup is mostly outdoors, so take that into consideration when planning your visit. It was really cold today and although the vending areas were covered, the plastic shielded the wind but not the temps. There is a large enclosed barn-like eating area, but most areas for eating are picnic tables surrounding the building. TIP - Each vendor has their own line, so it might be wise to split up if you are with a group and have each person go different vendors to order. ********** THE FOOD * I enjoyed fried chicken wings at a place specializing in curry chicken that was freakin' incredible! I can't tell you the name of the place to save my life, but it was the only place I saw serving fried chicken wings. Follow your nose and you'll find this vendor! * MY FIRST PHO experience turns out not to be pho at all :-(   Another yelper informed me it was just beef noodle soup, but Pho or not it was well worth the wait and so delicious! My only regret is that I A) should have got the larger noodles instead of the angel hair ones and B) If I had known I would have requested no cilantro. I hate cilantro! Otherwise this noodle soup was amazeballs. * Curry Pumpkin Chicken near the noodle soup vendor was incredible. All kinds of moaning was going on as we sampled food from 5 different vendors (probably a dozen more that we missed). I was truly as happy as a tornado in a trailer park! * The fried banana's and fried sweet potatoes HOT out of the frier were delicious. You haven't had anything until you've had these! You get a HUGE bag for just $5. Matter of fact, most everything here was $5 and the portions were Ginormous. The only exception were the egg rolls (located between the soup and curry pumpkin chicken vendor). They were $1 each and they were so good we ordered a dozen. ********** THE VERDICT I lost my mind at Wat Mongkolratanaram and I need to go back as soon as possible to find it (lol).  I plan to come here EVERY SUNDAY I'm in the Tampa area visiting to indulge myself in the best food experience ever created. This place is amazing and I am forever grateful to the Tampa yelp community for suggesting it!!!!     Nothing fancy, nothing pretentious, just good food, great prices in a festive atmosphere where total strangers come together like old friends. This is by far my favorite yelp find of the year 2012. Yelp100 [26]
A gentle place for gluttony When my good Yelp friend Richard R from Ga suggested we meet in Tampa I quickly agreed.  Richard is one of the most interesting, nicest and most eclectic reviewers on Yelp and you never know what he is going to review next. Parks, covered bridges, hotels, bowling alleys and water falls.  He jumps from place to place with ease and keeps the reading guessing with his unique and creative style. So when Richard asked if I wanted someplace quirky and unusual I took notice.  I love quirky and unusual.   However when he said he wanted to have lunch at a Buddhist temple I started to have some reservations.  I'm a serious eater,  a small bowl of rice or a stick of celery isn't going to do it for me.  What kind of food could they possibly have at a Buddhist temple?  I soon found out. Wat is indeed a Buddhist temple and a very lovely one at that.  Located right on the Palm River, it's a place of peace and serenity.  However on Sundays it changes from the ethereal and holy to the carnal and gluttonous. Vendors from who knows where show up with food from the Gods.  All kinds of stuff that I never heard of and other things I am very familiar with.  The great smells are almost overwhelming and the hard part is focusing on what you want. You get in the appropriate line and order your food and then sit in a sort of a barn or better yet outside by the river.  Yeah it does get crowded but the lines move pretty quickly and maybe because it is such a holy and peaceful place, everyone is very polite, patient and friendly. The food was great and the prices so low it seems unbelievable.  I have idea what exactly I ate because I was sharing with Richard and his family.  I know I ended up eating a whole lot of many very delicious and cool things, including things that I never had before. Quirky and unusual?  That's an understatement.  I should have known that someone as creative as Richard would find a very cool place that also happened to be incredible delicious.  I definitely did not leave hungry. I got to meet Richard and his very cool family, see a beautiful Buddhist temple by a lovely river and stuff myself till I almost exploded.  A very quirky, unusual and fantastic day.  I just hope the Buddhist gods will forgive me for committing the sin of gluttony in such a peaceful and holy place.
The most amazing thing about this place is the people that it attracts. For Sunday lunches here, you will find people from every ethnicity and background, Asians, blacks, Latinos, hipsters, the Goth crowd, young, old, families. This place attracts all different kinds of people, which I think is really cool. Some people recommend coming here early like 10:00 or 10:30. I've arrived around that time, but know that if you come that early the pad thai isn't even ready yet! Anyway, you should come here and take a walk around all the different stands before you start ordering. There's plenty of food and lots of variety. Some tips: - There's custard that you can get near the Thai iced tea line. It's really good! But you have to place an order for it. When I did it, I had to wait 45 minutes for it. So this should be your first stop, so that you can place your order, get some other food, eat, and then come back to pick up your custard. - The noodle soup is really good. - The pumpkin curry is also really good. - The eggrolls and summer rolls are also really good. Basically, you'll find lots of excellent options here. Everything is reasonably priced (even the orchids that they sell!).
I have not wanted to write this review because even though it's been a month, I still have not forgiven my boyfriend for not letting me eat more fried bananas while they were fresh and actually tasty. So because of Richard R, we had to come here. Funny enough while in line for those fried bananas, I saw a guy in a Falcons hoodie and I was like, that has to be him. So even though we're both Atlanta Yelpers, we met in Tampa. Awesome. This has to be one of the coolest places I have ever been to. I have never even seen a Buddhist temple in person before, it was so beautiful. And it being right near water too was so serene. The food though I suppose is why lots of people come here, it was for sure why we were here. And it was some of the best Thai food I ever had. I had massaman curry and basil chicken and I could have eaten all of it if I had room. And it was only $5. Both times we ordered stuff it was like having a bunch of Thai grandmas, you know how grandmas are where they will never let you leave without giving you a ton of food? My boyfriend only wanted one dish from the curries and she made sure he had plenty. Same went with those fried bananas, we didn't want too many but that didn't work. We also were very fascinated by all the amazing orchids for sale, and for so cheap. Considering my last foray into growing an orchid, I knew it would be a total mistake to buy one even though they were the most beautiful orchids I have seen in my life. I settled on what I believe is some type of money plant, and a month later I have not killed it so I think we're good. I'm glad hockey realignment means Tampa still gets stuck w/my team, because I need to come back here and eat again.
We came in here a little late around 1 pm but my sister is really raving about coming to this place after church! (Little tip: come here really early before noon). The Thai temple as it is called is really magnificent, and you can go inside (remove shoes please), but observe silence as some people pray, and just soak in the tranquility and wonder the nice ornaments inside the temple. Outside is a really wide open space with tall trees and a lot of picnic tables. And what are the tables for? They have an outdoor market and they serve really good Thai soup, noodles, and spring rolls. Being early helps to sample everything! And the picnic area is beside the beautiful river. It's really a wonderful natural place to be in! Highly recommended if you're in the area!
Not an experience easy to duplicate elsewhere. Picnic tables and benches along a river where tropical plants grow wildly. A Buddhist temple that makes the flashiest Cape May painted lady seem spinster like. A long wooden raised porch with stalls where food is served as I have seen street hawkers do on travel channels. The longest line snakes around the women making bowls of noodle soup. It is no wonder as the soup is superb. I read some reviewers who say they have had better soup. I so envy them. I shared a river side bench with two Thai men where we sat in the sun drinking from our bowls. There are many desserts spread on tables but I prefer European style desserts so did not feel tempted by the oddly colored concoctions wrapped in plastic. I had a papaya salad and some fish cakes. Both were better than any I have had elsewhere. I took off my shoes and sat in the temple listening to the guide talk about the history and worship. For a short time my mind spun thinking I should come back for a worship service. As I  put on my shoes I also rid myself of that notion. Patience and politeness are the norm for the rainbow of people that form lines at the stalls and tables. Being surrounded by so many lessens the gentle impact of this consecrated place. The crowds are wonderful for the temple's bank account but a detriment to coming here often. Visiting here has rekindled my taste for Thai food. I had lost it after too many one dimensional restaurant meals.
Love the Pad Thai, spring rolls with peanut sauce, coconut custards, coconut juice, waffle cookies and fried plantains. Some of the thai food is hit and miss. I recommend bringing $10-15 per person and you can eat a full meal with drink, and taste 1-2 side dishes. I like to go in the mornings around 9:30 am to meditate in the temple before eating. If going into the temple, take off your shoes on the steps. Dress modestly - no short shorts or bikini tops.
Arrived at 10:30 a.m., we waited in line for about 20 minutes for the noodle soup.  Disappointing at best.   Batter deep fried bananas, taro root, and sweet potato - Okay to Good. Curry chick patty - didn't know it was sweet curry - tasted okay Curry dish - rice w/ your choice of types of curry items. We got 2 chicken ones - tasted okay. Shrimp spring rolls - Okay to Good. Overall - Go once for the experience.  That's it.  We don't intend to go back.  Better food in St. Pete.
Wowwwweeeeeee!!! Yes, get here by 10:30, bring cash, a bottle of water if you have one, wear flat shoes and prepare to sweat if you're coming in the summer.  Do not come here if you are an agoraphobe, don't enjoy dining al fresco, or have a closed mind.  It is BUSY. This is a VERY casual outdoor dining experience, and one you will love if you enjoy Thai food. Ladies, bring a scarf or something to cover up if you are going to enter the temple.  They request modesty. A few years ago, the "restaurant" began as a way for the temple to earn money to fix a leaking roof...members would cook at home and bring food in to sell, like a bake sale.  They raised so much they built a new temple...and now they just keep on cooking. Walk the entire "line" of vendors.  Sweets $2+, Thai bbq, Thai tea $2 (DRINK COPIOUS AMOUNTS OF THIS), chicken dumplings $3, veggie pad thai $5, curries $5 and lots of traditional food I hadn't heard of.   You will see a wide variety of people...I saw families, high schoolers, gangsters, and a couple of hippies who tried to cut me in line...what they didn't know is that I will cut a man who stands between me and my thai-hot green curry....yes, even at a pacifist Buddhist temple. Once I got my place back in line, they offered me help ordering.  I took their reccos of pumpkin curry, green curry, and rice...for $6.  I mean really?  This was an enormous amount of food and I am an enormous eating kinda girl.  It was DELICIOUS.  I had never had pumpkin curry before...amazeballs.  The pumpkin melts in your mouth...the chicken green curry was the kind that sets the bar.  $6! The family got pad thais, (enough for 2-3 portions $5)  they ar veggie...so no meat.  Keep that in mind.  These beautiful little, open-faced chicken dumplings with a sweet soy sauce that were soooo tasty $3-5. We picnicked on the waterfront and just took our time drinking our Thai teas $2.  Four of us ate and took home leftovers for $30.  No joke.   Then we went into the actual temple.  It's beautiful...and air-conditioned.  Ladies, please Keep Calm and Be Modest, as their sign out front says. It's a really lovely experience.  Not zen the way you would envision a Buddhist experience, but very worthwhile.
The Wat temple has beautiful scenery with its gold and red temple and the smells of various food. I can go and spend $20 for two drinks, 2 noodle soups, pork dumplings and fried bananas. I've had the noodle soup on hot days and cools day and it still tastes delicious. You get to choose the size of noodles with beef or pork. They also offer vegetarian noodle soup. The fried bananas and sweet potato go fast and can fill you up quick. We get there at 10:00 - 10:30 and there are already lines (about 10 minutes for noodle soup) The drinks are cheap and you can choose from Thai iced tea, Thai coffee or a sweet (lychee fruit) drink. Outdoor seating and you can bring your pet. It's a great place to visit at least once while you're in Tampa.
We've eaten here many times, we always enjoy the soup, specifically the beef, small or large noodles are fine for us. We've enjoyed all the rice dishes we've eaten here especially the curry. We also get an order of the fried taro and fried sweet potato. The tiny round coconut dessert is an odd mix of savory and sweet, definitely worth trying once. We also love the pork dim sum, probably one of the best we've had, even when it starts to cool off! The desserts are hit and miss, some weeks they're all super delicious, I suppose it really depends on who is making them, but we still love to try anything. My favorites are the green jelly with coconut milk, or the green jelly- similar to jello, they usually are flavored with pandan (my favorite). The yellow desserts are usually egg based and probably my least favorite. There is also a small flower market in the back, they sell all sorts of beautiful orchids and plants, my parents have often purchased plants and they are always good quality and have lasted us for very long. We love coming here hot or cold weather, be prepared for a super long line for soup when it's freezing, but it's completely worth it. For those hot weather days, actually any day, get the Thai tea, we love it!
This place is totally different and totally wonderful. I first heard about it from Brian S.'s review, and it sounded interesting, but of course it was far away and we'd never be here... Except we were, this past weekend, and our local friend had also recommended this spot for breakfast. We got there right around 10, to make sure that we got to try everything before the long lines and food running out. The vendors were starting right about that time, so it was perfect. We didn't know what to get, so I tried to get a little of everything--pork and chicken over fried rice, chicken curry pastry puff, fried banana potato and taro, and sticky rice in banana leaves. Delicious, all of it. My favorite was probably the chicken puff, but really, everything was fantastic. AND pretty cheap. All of the food came to a whopping $13, and it was all served up in very generous portions. We even took some home for breakfast the next day. And the place itself is wonderful. Picnic tables under the shade right by the river, idyllic and lovely. Definitely a must-see. Cash only, and make sure you get there pretty early so that you can try all the wonderful food!
Wonderful time today at the Water Festival. The food is amazing and it was a delightful experience. We look forward to more Sunday mornings visiting and sampling the delicious offerings. The temple itself is beautiful and offers a great insight into the Buddhist religion. What a terrific place to visit!
Wow, this is really a nice place. Food is amazing and the kids can see all kinds of fish in the river.  Dog friendly, too! Essentially, its a Temple Community Center, that has a big, wide covered porch on 2 sides. There, the Temple congregation has set up lots of stations that serve different Thai menu selections.  There is also a plant sales area, with tropical plants and flowers for sale at good prices. The stations are clean, the food is fresh, and the people are very friendly. Lots of smiles from everyone! There are lots of shaded picnic benches that overlook the river that make up the "dining room" and people share the benches with other diners.  It is peaceful, fun and everyone shares which dish they liked, and in what line you can get it. You can get a glimpse of the inside of the beautiful temple on the same property. This is a great destination for Sunday morning. Great for kids, adults and dogs.
After many years, finally went there to try out the food and see what all the fuss was about.  Location and the amount of publicity that they generate is five stars.  The food is barely two stars.  Since the food is supposed to be home cooked, I thought that it would taste like the food that my friends from Thailand made.  Truly disappointing. Go for the ambiance, but if you want good food avoid at all cost.  Also, just expensive for the quality.
I'm looking over the previous reviews and I see that the four people who have reviewed this before me rated it 5-star as well, and really, there's no reason not to. It's one of the most accurate and consistent Yelp ratings I've found so far. So Sally, Carlos and I met here this morning for some early morning, post 4th of July partying Thai tea and food. This was my second visit (and I only just got to uploading all of my photos), and it was as good this time (if not better) than the first go around. If you're not familiar with Thai people or culture I can see how this might be an overwhelming experience, but if you keep the following in mind you shouldn't have a problem. =] 1. All of the "booths" are marked. Everything from "Fruit Juice" to "Curry with Rice". Just keep an eye out for something that either you're familiar with or interested in. 2. ASK QUESTIONS. The people here are amazingly nice and incredibly receptive. If you don't know what something is, or what's in it- they'll tell you. Their English might be broken and they might struggle, but honestly, they'll do the best they can to accommodate you. 3. Keep an open mind. Thai food is foreign to a lot of us and if you go in here hoping to find Pad Thai or fried rice, you've got another thing coming. This is not an American Thai restaurant like you'll find elsewhere in Tampa. This is traditional, market style cuisine (the best way to have it, in my opinion). You can't get it, "Without sprouts, onions and peanuts". No, no. You get it how they make it and you like it. Most of the dishes are prepared ahead and only plated when you order. Keep that in mind. 4. Bring cash. They don't take any form of plastic or check. Look to spend 5-10 a person, depending on what you want to drink (average $1), eat (average $5/plate) and whether or not you want dessert (average $3-5). It's inexpensive, especially for the portions and quality. 5. Give yourself some time to poke around. They do have a produce tent set up (I've got it pictured), and some of their stuff is really, really nice. Also, because it's located right on the river it's nice to sit and chat. The temple is gorgeous and begs to be looked over, and the people around you are friendly and willing to chat. Coming here is an experience, not just a meal. I think that covers most of it. I hope a lot of people make it over here, because really, it's the first time I've felt like I'm "home" since I got Stateside again five years ago.
TIME TO GO HERE:  10:30 am on a Sunday morning for brunch.  Arrive later and it will be mobbed and you will not be able to park.  Also, pick a day that is not too hot, because you will be spending all of your time outdoors. WHAT TO BRING:  Cash and comfortable clothing.  They are cash only at all stalls, so bring plenty of cash and possibly even take items home.   WHAT NOT TO MISS:  The grilled meat stand down on the ground next to the plants for sale.  They have the meat lemongrass sausages, pork skewers, and chicken wings.  Many people do not see this stall and miss out on the best stuff! We arrive promptly at 10:30 am and there was still plenty of parking.  The place sure filled up fast and so did the seating.  It is just East of US 41, we took 41 all the way from Bradenton and the drive was great.  Then, we hopped on Adamo and headed over to Brandon or just continued North into Tampa.  Cash only, Sundays only, consider it brunch and here early.  This is real deal Thai food, not the same old stuff you would find at restaurants. I recommend going all the way around the building to the end of the line where the soup and the curry area is.  Most of the entrees are $5.00 there and are cash only.  Only order one entrée of each to share with others to try new items.  I regret ordering an entire bowl of soup for myself because I wanted to try everything.  It is best to come here with a large group of people. Do not neglect the grilled food section on the ground level behind the building.  There are whole thicken legs and thighs for $3.00 each, grilled pork on sticks (my fave!) $1.00 per stick, chicken wings $1.00 each for both parts of the wing, and pork sausage $1.00 each.  All of these meat items and marinades are homemade and worth trying.  Especially the pork sausage, which is tender inside and filled with lemongrass and hoisen flavor.  They will run out of these items fast. Another must is the fried banana area.  They will ask you if you want a $3.00 or $5.00 bag,  I recommend the $3.00 because it is a lot.  Also, ask for a mix of items and they will give you fried banana, fried taro, and fried sweet potato.  The batter is a flour batter with sugar and sesame seeds added, the sesame seeds become toasted when frying and give the snack a wonderful flavor.   The juice stand is $1.00 per cup and served on ice.  My favorite is the Coconut Juice, but they also have Thai Tea and will add cream when ordering. On the way out, make sure to check out the dessert stall for some pre-packaged items.  The Sticky Rice with Mango being my favorite for $5.00.   Grab a seat at one of the picnic tables in the shade, and feed the wandering dogs a snack.  Please make sure to clean up after yourself as well.  I watched one table of idiots today not return their bowls.  It really made them look like asses.  We will definitely be returning here soon to relax in the shade and enjoy the lakeside scenery.
Why 5 stars?  Because it's Thai at its finest.   ---   ---   --- I love Thai food, and it's surprisingly hard to come by a good meal in Tampa.  If you go to Wat Mongkolratanaram, you won't walk away feeling like you got cheated.  Everything Thai is here, and it's all cheap.  I enjoyed Thai Tea, some kind of beef soup, wings, Pad Thai and these delicious battered fruits.  We had bananas, rhubarb and something else that I'm not sure what it was.  What I do know is that it was amazing.  All of it. As many others have said - get there early!  The lines were insane.  I have lived in Tampa for 5 years, and despite seeking out places like this, I'd never heard of it until recently when I read about it on Yelp.  My friend has lived here her whole life and had not heard of it either.  You'll be shocked when you see about 1,000 people or so at this Buddhist Temple for some Sunday lunch. This is absolutely one of the coolest places to check out in Tampa, whether you are a tourist or a long time resident.
Wat is quite possibly the coolest place Ive ever been in Tampa. Its like stepping into another world. The experience is amazing. Before I came here... I didn't think I liked Thai food. I was apparently wrong. The grilled meat area is my fav. Chicken hearts & gizzards? Yes please.. a little bit of white rice and then off to the huge woks frying up taro, bananas and sweet potatoes. I would come here every Sunday if I could... but heed the Warning.. Get there early!
A dragonfly travelling around the grounds of Wat Mongkolratanaram would observe the following: The brightly colored temple-red trimmed and guarded by gold-leaf dragons-worshippers' shoes arranged neatly on the front steps, and hidden speakers projecting the soft spoken Thai sermons and meditations of monks within. Arcing east down palm river, the treed and pagoda'd meditation garden. West, heavily populated picnic area. Families, couples, exotic languages, and so much food. Finding the plate to hand to mouth cycle. A Thai produce stand, and then, following his dragonfly scent glands, the food tables. Every one swamped by hungry mobs. From right to left, a curry and fried rice table (try to squash curry), a savory beef-brothed soup station with (order extra veggies!) and mounds of condiments behind including heavenly sriracha (ask a regular how to properly season your soup). Sticky rice rolls with plantain and bean stuffing wrapped in banana leaves and steamed. Sweet and savory coconut custards with green onion, their smell drawing dreamy gazes from passers-by. Bubbling woks of oil with rice-battered starches bobbing gently within: sweet potato, plantain, and yucca (get all three), and, turning a corner, a green papaya salad bar, and a plentiful arrangement of desserts, each intriguing and unique. The dragonfly, tracing circles around the proceedings, might notice the diminutive sums of money being exchanged for this feast. He might notice the quickening of steps inspired by the smells wafting from styrofoam boxes, the eager rush towards a seat, towards satisfaction. He would watch children, streaming like migratory herds over ancient plains, running in groups while the adults ate and called them back to finish their selections. As a dragonfly, he wouldn't understand how unusual his situation was, how the location of the temple in a run-down neighborhood in Florida might be considered strange by those he watched. But we are not dragonflies, which makes us very lucky indeed.
With the memory of Berkeley, California's Thai Temple and their Sunday brunch in my mind, I'm waffling between a 4-star & 5-star rating for Tampa's Wat. I think I have to go with 5 stars because it's really not fair to compare a Tampa institution with one from Cali. The Wat's Sunday brunch is pretty damn good. Nicole, Carlos & I made plans to meet this past Sunday, & I wasn't disappointed. Mostly. My panang curry didn't have the merest hint of spiciness -- which I do appreciate because I know lots of people who can't handle spicy food, but the only option to spicify it was basically red chili sauce, & the vineagariness of it sort of overpowered the curry. But for $5 for a heaping takeout container FULL of rice & curry with delicious veggies & pork, I'm really not complaining too much. Or at all, really. Just be prepared to not have your food spicy. The $1 Thai tea makes me happy. Very happy. Even though the drink stall doesn't advertise the presence of tea ("Fruit juice $1"), it's there. I promise. & when you go back for a refill, be eco-friendly & have them reuse your styrofoam cup! Nicole & I are meeting up again this coming Sunday with our respective male counterparts & this time I plan to try the noodle soup. I'll let you know how it goes! ETA: Noodle soup is a definite win. I think I liked it better than the curry.
Finally, after seeing everyone's reviews on Wat Tampa, I was able to play this amazing Temple a visit & get my grub zen on. Let me tell you, Wat Tampa is a Thai food lovers fantasy. Upon first pulling in at 11:30, we noticed the place was crowded. Not too bad, as I am now accustom to standing in long lines for Food Truck Rallies, but you did have to wait in line for about 10 minutes to get a dish. Upon instruction from other bloggers, I made my way over to the noodle station promptly. I ordered Beef Guiteow and my BF got Pork Guiteow (Noodle soup). The chicken spring rolls were amazing. They were made fresh and where I generally order my spring rolls with shrimp, the chicken was really good with the peanut sauce. The Kanom Krok was a first for both of us. They were these little airy coconut savory pillows, I could have ate the whole lot - and I don't like coconut! We each had 2 Thai Iced Teas at a whopping $1 a piece. I found myself buzzing around the market, snapping photos and taking the whole experience in. Our entire lunch cost us $24. As much food as we consumed, you cannot beat that. Do not go to Wat Tampa without checking out the Temple. Trust me when I say to go spend a beautiful Sunday day here. You will leave feeling a sense of  Foodie Zen. If you have a pup, you can bring him/her along too!
I'm amazed how much this place has grown since I first came a few years ago with activity. It is springing with life now and is visited by all kinds of people with an interest in Thai culture and food. The market remains the same, friendly Thai natives selling delicious food and drinks for a fraction of the price of what you would regularly pay in a restaurant. Thai Tea for one dollar? You know I'm going to buy like 5 or 6 for that great price! I was a little sad that they were not selling khanom krok this weekend because it's my favorite, but it's just a new excuse to bring myself back here next weekend! The view is great and shows off a very nice river and dock, a little beauty of Brandon that I would have never seen if it wasn't for this place. They have little cultural shows and sometimes even performers at the temple and it's the only place I've been in Brandon where you can see monks actually practicing their faith. Nicole and Sally were great partners at the temple today and it was like a mini side-quest to our Unofficial Yelp Mini-Asian Tour. We were a little tired still from the fun of 4th of July, but the place was perfectly relaxing for us to grab some Thai goods and relax on one of their many benches and chat. This is just a really great place of culture and food, it reminds me of going to places like Japan-town in San Francisco (though of course not exactly).
I discovered this little gem thanks to my fellow Yelpers and I am so happy for it!  There really is nothing negative to say about the Wat at all.  Everyone there is extremely friendly and helpful, even if you may have trouble because of a language barrier.  Don't let that stop you, as the people who run these booths are here to generate money for the temple and are happy to help out in any way they can. On the day I went, I had a pork noodle soup bowl which was absolutely divine.  I also had Thai tea because I love it and it's hard to find it in this area (especially done right) and fried bananas.  The fried bananas have to be the highlight of my morning at the Wat, simply because they were so surprising.  The batter-of the tempura persuasion-is studded with sesame seeds which toast in the oil as the bananas fry, giving the final product a golden brown, sweet, nutty taste that I've never had before.  I loved it.   We didn't venture into the temple on this trip, although it is open for you to enjoy.  I plan on visiting and taking a few moments to reflect next time we go to the Wat for Sunday market. I think the most important things to note are: -Get there early, as parking fills up quickly and lines become long in the blink of an eye -Follow other diner's leads as to where and how to dispose of your dishes and trash -Be observant and respectful of the fact that you are, in fact, at a place of worship -Don't be afraid to strike up a conversation and try something new!!
I kept hearing people rave about this as a Tampa "must-do" - so I finally did. It is really as amazing as people say! Our group was sharing several plates...we got pork noodle soup, green curry chicken, Pad Thai, chicken curry on glass noodles, and a hearty helping of summer rolls with really awesome peanut sauce  - everything is really just $5 each! And these are big portions. One of my favorite things was the tempura taro. They were already out of banana tempura, which apparently is a hot commodity -- the tip of the day, we learned, was to order these as soon as you arrive so you get 'em before they run out.  Another station was making coconut custard desserts, fried into little round patties with green onions. A new and interesting flavor, for sure. The scenery though, is what makes the whole experience. You eat at picnic tables under enormous trees, right on the Palm River.  All the while, Buddhist monks are chanting in a beautiful temple, not 25 yards away. It seems surreal -- like you stepped out of Florida and into another world. I would definitely recommend going while the Florida weather is cool / mild -- the whole experience doesn't seem  like ti would be at all appealing in the dead of summer. I will definitely be back again!
A great place to take friends & family from out of town.  A true "thai" experience in a random part of Tampa.  Fun food market location with inside and outdoor seating along the river.   Tip:  Bring lots of cash
Driving up to this place, the first thing you see is the temple which is absolutely gorgeous. The inside and out is adorned with gold and mirror as well as intricate designs and statue pieces. They have a prayer/meditation session on sun from 1-2pm but if you only speak English (like myself) you'll sadly miss any messages they're trying to send. The grounds that the temple sits on have picnic benches with water front seating and a meditation garden which make it very relaxing and serene. The ice cream truck driving through the parking lot took away from the awe a little however. The food section reminded me of a flee market at first entrance but once you start looking at the giant woks and 10 gallon soup pots, you know these people mean business. The ordering system is a little confusing at first, there's a couple of stations set up with donation suggestions listed under the foods but you figure it out after awhile. I wish I would have come with more of an appetite really. The first place we stopped had curries and dumplings, got the dumplings which were jam packed with pork and such. Yum Yum. The soup section reminded me of pho and like I said, if an appetite had been there, I would have jumped at it!! Waited about a half an hour for some fried bananas. But I must say they were worth it. $3 for 9 pieces but I really only needed like 2 to be satiated. They're lightly fried in a crispy batter with sesame seeds. Must try. Good experience overall.
Visited today after a friend recommended it to me, and it was simply amazing. There were many little booths selling  all different kinds of  deliciousness.  The food is very inexpensive,  to the point you're broke because you buy everything!  can't complain though as it helps the temple and I was never disappointed.  Things to try  would be  the noodle soup bowls and  fried bananas!  Get here early though,  as  the lines are long!
The Thai Temple is surely one of the best 'hidden" gems in the Tampa Bay area.  As a foodie constantly craving good authentic Asian food, this felt like a godsend during my first visit. They offer great, cheap, authentic Thai food - They have a hot food station (with your classic favorites like pad thai), a noodle station (always a long line, but well worth the wait), fresh fried bananas (along with other fried goodies), fresh spring rolls, and a large assortment of to-go packages of thai dessert.  YUMM! My only complaint is that they are not open every day! Oh and the fact that it  gets super crowded during the prime lunch time hours (also food tends to run out if you come on the later end).  I prefer to go as soon as the place opens so that I get a chance to sample something from each kiosk before I leave.  Also they have picnic tables outside and the temple itself is located right next to water, creating a wonderful ambience for a fantastic lunch!
Wowza!  Yes, that's the word I would use to describe this place.  Tampa yelpers; big thanks to you!  I was only staying in the area for 2 weeks and got a chance to visit it on the second Sunday. :-(  Oh, well. I took my relatives there and they were so impressed by how amazing the food offerings were.  They had regular items such as Pad Thai, Thai ice tea, and rice & curry.  And they also had stuff that I rarely saw in any Thai restaurants such as Thai noddle soups, mango hot sauce, tapioca balls with pork filling, and numerous desert items.  Most items cost between $3 - $5.  The ice tea was $1 and was absolutely divine.  I was going back to get second and they already ran out of it! The setting of picnic tables by the river is brilliant.  I really wish I could come again, but I would have to leave!  Oh, well, this is definitely on my list to visit next time!
I can't believe I've lived in Tampa for all of my 27 years and I've never heard of Wat Mongkolratanaram (or the easier title, Thai Temple). I happened to speak to a girl in my training class at my new job and she told me that I just had to go to the Thai Temple on a Sunday for their food. We arrived at 11am and the place was packed. However, it wasn't unbearable. With advice from my friend, we headed straight to the noodle bowl station first. You can choose from beef or pork and we got both to try, with medium-sized noodles. The broth was amazing, the noodles and bean sprouts were to die for. The entire bowl was unparalleled. After getting your noodle bowl, you can head to a table to add fish sauce, jalapeno peppers, sugar and crushed red pepper. I added a little bit of everything because, why not? We then grabbed some drinks (I had Thai Tea because it's a $1 and it tastes like Creamsicle) and headed to a bench by the water to eat. We also tried a skewer of chicken and a grilled ear of corn. The chicken was delightful; the corn was sweet and juicy. As a to-do, we opted for the fried bananas and sweet potatoes, both of which were as good as I had heard they'd be. After the food that we did eat, we were so stuffed that we called it a day, knowing that we would have to come back again to try everything we missed. Make sure, no matter how stuffed you are, that you go into the temple itself. It's breathtaking.
I love this place!!  They set up food every Sunday morning.  The temple is there everyday. I've been coming here for several years now just because the food is that yummy.  My two favorite vendors are the noodle soup, the fried sweet potatoes/bananas/taro (you can choose what you like, I always get combo) and the freshly made papaya salad.  There's always a line for both vendors by the way, so I suggest you arrive EARLY and get in line! I always go around 10AM.  I think I came one time at 12:30 and a lot of things were sold out already... and things were winding down already.....so once again I repeat... GO EARLY!  And one other important tip: BRING CASH! It's cash only. There is also a vendor selling fresh vegetables.  Lots of other Thai food too!  There's just sooo many things to try here.  And what better way to spend a Sunday morning/afternoon than sitting along the river eating great authentic food?  The temple is quite beautiful too.  It's a Thai Buddhist Temple, which you can step in and absorbed the beauty of the structure and learn about the religion if you so wish.   I found out that all the vendors are volunteers at the temple.  They spend the previous day preparing the food.  All the profits are donated to the temple!  It's just a nice and friendly community!  It's a gem in Tampa.  If you live around here or just in Tampa for a visit, this is one place you must experience because not many places have something like this.
Why did it take me so long to hear about this place? Why didi it take me so long to go here once I heard about it? Why am an such an idiot? (please don't feel like you need to answer those, especially the last one). This was one of those experiences that was really about being transported somewhere else.  Want to feel like you are not in the same hum drum florida BS?  Then come to Wat Mongkolratanaram some sunday.  I just kept wondering what great place I was at as I slurped up my pork and noodle soup.   What could be better than sitting by the river under the trees eating some delish food?  A big bowl of spicy noodle soup, some grilled lemon grass sausage or other meats on a stick, curry soup with chicken and a ton of fish sauce, fried bananas, sweet potatoes and taro, what is not to love about that?   Finish things off with some cocoanut water and consider stoping by MD market on the way home.  You'll be glad you did.   Follow Coty's recommendations as well.  Get there early unless you want to wait in long lines, and bring cash.  It is still deal and you can get out of here for less than $10 if you want.  OR if you are crazy enough to resist all the great things to try.
Another dining experience I heard from my girlfriend as well as saw as a popular destination from Yelp. My experience was overall great. The food was authentic and the experience was unique. It is definitely something anyone in Tampa should try on any Sunday morning. From the night market type experience to the variety of food, you will find something to enjoy in front of the serene water surrounding. Ambience: The temple itself is beautiful and has ornate decorations. The main food is surrounding the outside a main area used as a dining hall. The feel was almost like a night market with many stalls with various Thai and Asian delicacies. There was also a grill stall outside near the river. There were also many seats outside by the river which was a serene area. As it was a chilly morning (for Tampa standards), we ate mainly inside in communal style. Food: There are so many options. Everything looked and smelled authentic made right in front of you. I went straight for the curry stall (big surprise). My girlfriend went to the noodle stall. All in all we got fried rice with chicken red curry, white rice with pork Panang curry and a beef and green bean sauce. Also beef noodle and bar-b-q pork noodle soups. All shared among 3 people. All was delicious as we shared everything. My favorite was the pork Panang curry. All of it was only 20 dollars. After we went to the grill stall and tried various skewers of meat. The pork and beef were both flavored well. Service: The volunteers manning the stalls were nice and helpful to the newbie that I was. They were also very quick and efficient getting their food. Other Items: Get there early so you don't have to del with parking. The parking attendants are good and get you the various lots in the compound. But by the time we left, you could see a lot of cars waiting to park.
Wat Mongkolratanaram is a Thai Buddhist temple that does a Sunday market-brunch for the locals. A couple of friends brought me here yesterday, and I must admit I was amazed at the variety of choices of food and we eventually settled on the line for soup. Delicious, filling and full of simple and tasty stuff, the soup was well worth the wait at the end of the longest line in the place. I had pork meatball soup, and spring rolls in addition to Thai tea (who could resist?), and enjoyed my meal in the middle of a beautiful stand of trees on the water. Wat Mongkolratanaram's grounds definitely invoke that sense of mindfulness and simple joy, and the pleasure of good fresh food to accompany it is a bonus. I'd love to go to one of their festivals to see the grounds during another busy time of celebration. Tips: 1. Bring cash, especially singles and fives. Everything is cash donation only, and they give you donation amounts. 2. Everyone serving the food is friendly, so be nice to those around you and serving you. They are volunteers, and without volunteers, there would be no awesome Sunday brunch. Respect their kindness and willingness to serve others. 3. I haven't been inside the temple, but be aware that you are on someone else's hallowed grounds. This is a place for polite behavior, thoughtful conversation, and respectful enjoyment of the tranquil environment they have created. The happy dog wandering around is just a happy dog; ignore him or be nice if he comes by to say hi, but he appears to be well-fed enough. The website has information on temple etiquette if you are interested in the main reason for the grounds themselves-- read up on them and try to follow the rules.
Ok seriously, the best thai (well, a very very close 2nd to Thai Island...) for lunch.  The setting and the entire atmosphere and every-Sunday event is what makes this one special. Everyone says get there early, like at 10:30....who can eat lunch at 10:30 in the morning on a Sunday?  I'm barely getting up!  We find that as long as we leave by 12:30, we make in time and there's still plenty of food to be had.  And less people, we can find a picnic table under a tree very easily. The beef soup is wonderful....we've had several different curries and custards and we really really like it here.  :) Best of all, you can get here by boat!
I. Love. This. Place. It really is an experience. The temple is absolutely gorgeous- colorful and gilded with sparking mirrored accents. The inside is even more so. You have to remove your shoes to go inside the temple, and once inside it just feels so sacred. It has this calm, silent energy that is just- indescribable. I know I sound like a crazy hippie, but as soon as I walked in I was just hit by something. It was amazing. On to the food- YUM! I was a little overwhelmed by all the different stands, and I think we skipped a few promising ones. What we did eat, however, was fantastic. I had the beef noodle soup, which was delicious, but I barely made a dent in it because the bowl is so huge! My husband had the green curried chicken over rice. I wasn't sure about it at first (never had Thai, so all the flavors were new to me) but it grew on me & I'd definitely come back for more! We also had an egg roll and a chicken curry pastry. The egg roll was fabulous- not greasy at all. The curry pastry wasn't really up my alley. Next we found the grill and the floor level and got lemongrass sausage (did not enjoy at all), a chicken wing (good, but bland), a pork skewer (sooo good), and a beef skewer (amazing mouth explosion). To top off our Thai Temple feast, we got the fried bananas. THE FRIED BANANAS OH MY GOD! I am dreaming about them. I sunk into a deep, deep depression once we finished them. I'm amazed that this place is in Tampa and neither I, nor my husband(who's been here 28 years), had ever heard of it! Bottom line: I can't wait to go back!
Since I moved to Tampa, I have been on a mission to get to the Thai Temple. I found this place after many 'Thai food me hungry' Google searches. My usual partner-in-culinary-crime, Tristan, and I decided today would be the day, and man, did we pick the right Sunday to dabble in this tradition. We thought it would be a trek into another dimension (North Tampa), but it was just ten minutes away from my house? WHAT! Before I begin making you consider licking your computer screen, let's be serious for a moment (Hey, you have to sit through the guest lecture to get the free wine and cheese, right college students?). There is a great article on Creative Loafing's website called "Food Nirvana at Tampa's Thai Temple" by Andy Huse (get it... buddhism... nirvana). Andy has been supporting this food goldmine long before I stumbled upon its glory. I see that not much has changed since he wrote the article in 2009; this place is a land mine of flavors and aromas, from the first smell of curry (oh, we'll get there...) and the last bite of deep fried bananas, speckled with sesame seeds. So this is what it feels like to be seduced.... Following Andy's suggestion, Tristan and I started with the Noodle Soup. We chose beef, and added some condiments (a couple jalapenos, a dab of chili sauce, some fish sauce, and a pinch of sugar). Our eyes pleasantly watered as we dug into this delicious bowl of nommmmmm! It hits you with its spices, but coddles you with its comforting noodles; kind of like those mean little sour gummy bears on those commercials... continued with photographic evidence on my food blog.
This five stars review is for the khanom krok - the small coconut pudding rounds topped with green onions.  They're sweet, salty, and absolutely delicious.   The other foods, however, are just okay, in my opinion - nothing to write home about.  I had the pad thai once and the amount of bean sprouts in it was incredibly overwhelming.  The noodle soups are decent, but again, not something I'd have again because of the msg aftertaste.   There are many options for everyone to try, from prepared foods (fresh rolls, papaya salads), hot foods (curries, noodles, soups, etc.), fried foods, sweets, and drinks (thai tea) all for under $10.  You can also buy fruits, vegetables, flowers, and plants, too. Overall, a nice temple and experience with cheap Thai food!
This is still my favorite place for Sunday brunch, and apparently most everyone else's too!  My favorite is the beef soup, still.  Unfortunately they haven't been making the fried coconut custard balls the last few times I went though.  Hope they can fire that oven up soon! Definitely try to get there early. If you show up at noon, expect long lines.  The food is worth the wait!
If you want real AUTHENTIC Thai food, this is the place to go. The Sunday market is open from 10:30-2pm. I suggest getting there early, because the lines do get very long for the popular food items and the food will run out! I had the noodle soup with beef and pork meatballs which was unbelievably good and cheap!! Most plates are only $5. I also had a bite of my friend's basil chicken pad Thai, also amazingly good. Parking is very easy and there are attendants there to guide you, no fee for parking or entrance, which is a plus. The Palm River is the perfect backdrop for the beautiful grounds and views of the temple. There is also a nice breeze off the River, so the outdoor eating is bearable. You can also visit/ walk into the temple there, but please respect the Monks or if any pray services are going on. No photographs allowed of inside the temple. My only regret is that I didn't buy enough food to bring home!
Open to the public on Sundays.  The Pumpkin Curry here is great, but be sure to try the fried sweet potatoes and fried bananas! The festivals here are really fun. Depending on what it's for, there will sometimes be free food, dancing, etc. There are also guided meditations, if you're into that.  Otherwise, come for the great food and beautiful atmosphere and friendly people.
Fun, Cultural, and most importantly yummilicious. Make sure to bring the paper money. They don't except anything less. From reading the reviews, it says donations, but they surely expect how much they post for the cost. Be careful too, they don't speak English, and they will try to rip you off of money. Just saying. It's like your in a foreign country for real. I had spring rolls, and beef soup. It was so good. Got it just bc everyone else had the soup, yes definitely was scrumptious. Hubby had ginger chicken mushroom with rice for $5. It was spicy though. The rest of the chicken options were gone. The fave was definitely the fried bananas. Totally different than spanish fried bananas. It was definitely a heaven. The setting is gorgeous by the hillsbourough river, and there are picnic tables through out the treelined area. The temple is very pretty, small but pretty and detailed. Gotta check it out! Definitely a staycation destination!!
The Thai temple is one of my favorite places in Tampa. It's open on Sundays but get there early because it gets crowded and they start to run out of some stuff after awhile! The temple is beautiful and it's amazing to sit outside on a nice day -- they have a bunch of tables where you can sit and eat outside right by the river. On the porch area is where all of the food stations are set up -- they have a station with pad thai, curry, and other traditional Thai entree dishes -- all are great!!!! And cheap!!! One of my favorite things to get here is the beef noodle soup -- it's similar to pho and SO SO delicious!! Also highly recommended are these little coconut patties -- they are basically small round coconut patties with green onions. A must have if you like the sweet/salty combo. You have to order them in advance, but it's worth the wait!! Lots of other little stations with all kinds of food, as well. Make sure to bring cash!!!
I got up and out a couple Sundays ago to attend a UYE at the Wat. My friends Nic and Scott have been raving about this place for months, so I called a friend and off we went. Based on prior posts found on Yelp, we made sure we got there a little early- around 10:45am- to ensure we were able to get a taste of everything we wanted. Boy, am I glad we did, cause sure enough, by Noon, the place was PACKED! We tried the Beef Noodle soup, which was AMAZING. The Fried Rice was OK. The Thai Sausage I did not like. The Grilled Chicken legs and Pork Sate was awesome, and the best hands down was the fried Banana and Sweet Potatoes. It was a really hot and humid morning, but the atmosphere and the food made it so very worth while. I will definately be back (maybe wait until the fall when its a bit cooler) and hope to drag some more "newbies" with me. Oh yeah- don't forget to take off your shoes and go inside the temple itself. Its stunning!
Hands down my favorite dining experience in Tampa. I tried several items: Sesame Balls: Spheres of dough filled with other, slightly smaller, spheres of... mashed plantain or something in the middle? These were good, but still my least favorite item of the day. Banana Leaf: This is actually a bunch of cooked, mashed bananas covered in a layer of rice and cooked inside a Banana Leaf wrapper. DELICIOUS!!! I wish I had bought more of these things. Beef Noodle Soup: It's almost like Pho, with the mung bean sprouts and the basil, but with a different kind of broth and a variety of noodles (skinny, medium, and fat - I chose fat.) But it is not quite like Pho. This was delicious. There are pieces of beef (okay), meatballs (did not really like these), and vegetables (wonderful.) The broth is beef so there's no way to make this dish vegetarian, but I would have enjoyed this without the actual meat/meatballs. I added all of the available condiments because I did not know what all of them were. And it was delicious. All of this together cost me about $10. For that, it was a steal. The grounds of the temple, which is on a river, and the temple itself, are gorgeous. After finding Wat Mongkolratanaram on Yelp, this was my only "must visit" dining experience for Tampa and I'm so glad I made the trip out here. EAT HERE ON SUNDAYS!!!!
I love this place.  Does it have the best Thai food ever? Probably not, but it is damn good, and really the experience as a whole is fantastic.  I only wish we had a place like this in Baltimore.  Love the coconut custard - amazing!
TAMPA THAI TEMPLE: Wat Mongkolratanaram of Florida . Apparently the Wat has been there for more than 25 years. One lady I met there said at first you could not see the water for trees and bushes. Probably mangroves.  It certainly is a nice place now and a very pleasant discovery for me.  I arrived first in April and during the Songkran or festival of water. I have been in Thailand (Land of Smiles) several times but never during the festival as the weather is so hot there then and its certainly a good time for a water festival.   All the workers there at the 15-20 food booths are volunteers so there is a lot of social activity going on among them and you can join in on the merriment too. All the money goes to temple funds. There are about 6 resident monks there and all that I spoke to were from Bangkok.  The food is like Thai home cooking and its great.  The lineups are long but its good to start a conversation with the people in line with you and enjoy it, Take your meal to an under roof picnic table or out to the tables at the riverside and if no room left then ask to share with some folks who have room at the table and make some new friends. I have some photos posted here if you have further interest  picasaweb.google.com/lym… inkwatu.com/2008/04/06/w… If you like spicy try the Papaya salad~!  Its a Thai standard. Update January 2010 photos of the Monks Convention at the Temple here:  picasaweb.google.com/lym…
This is a hidden gem in Tampa. Nestled along the banks of the Hillsborough river, you will find a beautiful temple with Thai food stands along the perimeter. Definitely stop at the fried sweet potato stand and the coconut puffs-unbelievable. For $40 I got a wide array of food and a potted orchid. This is definitely an event worth experiencing.
For weeks, I was thrilled and excited to visit Wat Tampa - I'm a huge fan of Wat Berkeley and was expecting the same sort of food.  What I found was crazy different - not only is this place ENORMOUS - like they are expecting four or five tour busloads of visitors - but it doesn't seem like they have set up the food service stations to meet the demand. First - the green papaya salad is pre-made and pre-packaged - if you want it spicy, they take the lid off and sprinkle some chili flakes, snap it back on and ask for $5.  At Berkeley, all green papaya salad is made to order - and it is way better! Second - the fried food was being prepared continuously, but in small shallow woks instead of regular deep fryers - and nothing was being drained.  The result is that you have to wait 30 minutes for fried bananas/sweet potato/taro - they give you a number and write it on the bag - and everything is shockingly greasy. Third - vegetarian options are strictly limited.  They have the beef-stock based soup just as at Berkeley, but the rice options are not just heavy on meat/chicken but horribly overcooked and unappetizing looking.  For "vegetarian" I was given the option of some pad thai (which was just overcooked noodles with egg, no semblance of a sauce or other vegetables) and overcooked mixed vegetables (snow peas & carrots, mushrooms & mini corns out of a can).   Fourth - how can you screw up mango sticky rice?  The mango was underripe, the rice was salty and dry, and you get about two tablespoons of coconut to pour on top of all that mess. The tea was nice, but that's about it.  Sadly, I will not be going out of my way to dine here again next visit to Tampa.
I'm so sad that we didn't get to go here for their market, but we still came to check out the temple. The temple is gorgeous. Lots of gold and sparkly inside. It's very quiet so I can see how it would be amazing to come here to meditate, maybe have a moment to yourself. It's also right by the water, which gives it a very calming ambiance.
I've only missed one Sunday since my original review.   :)   My latest favorites are the veggie spring rolls (wrapped in rice paper, not fried) with the peanut sauce and the papaya salad! If you like spicy stuff, have them add some of that red chili hot paste lookin stuff to the papaya salad. Yum. Both are $5 each. I tried the tea and it was WAY too sweet for me. It has kind of an odd flavor too. Definitely an acquired taste. They have some new railing and pretty lights up along the river now too. Just go check it out if you haven't already!
Amazing experience! the food is cheap, and tasty. very authentic. you can sit out on picnic benches over looking the water. please dress conservatively if you want to check out the temple (don't be rude) everyone is very friendly. Also they sell plants and veggies and fruits they grow themselves. I def recommend it. get there early for good parking. Its only on Sundays!
Best Thai food in Tampa.  As mentioned in the other reviews: arrive early on Sunday (they open at 10:30 am) or be prepared to wait in line.  The food is authentic and you get a huge meal for around $5.  Even after we got egg rolls and beverages my husband and I spent $15 for lunch. This isn't a restaurant so do not expect a waitress or drink refills.  Bring cash!!!  I am a slave to my debit card and rarely bring cash with me, luckily we were warned prior to our visit.
Unique, delicious experience of more varieties of Thai dishes than you are likely to find in any restaurant.  Very well prepared by temple members and volunteers, mostly Thai and other Asian, but also a good mix of English speakers to help with transactions and describing dishes.   It is a bit of a mob scene with multiple waiting lines, and the longest (30 min. plus at noon) for the hot entree entree buffet & soups.  But other stations sell dried bananas/taro, sauces, salads, prepared curries, spring/egg rolls, dessert/sweet items and drinks.  All are very low priced as described by other reviewers. Seating is on your own at picnic tables, with some under cover but more under trees overlooking the river.  A very scenic locale and the ornate, gilt Buddist temple is the centerpiece.  A few saffron-robed Buddist monks mingle some.   Parking is a bit tight at peak hour (noon) but parking attendants will find you a space.   All transactions are cash in even dollar amounts, with no tax.  Today we had a family excursion and fed 5 adults and one child for under $50, with drinks.  And the left-overs brought home were another meal.   And there seemed to be no way to tip.........find me a similar high-quality, low-price, no tax or tip food emporium anywhere else in the area.
This is our Sunday go to place for brunch/lunch.  We've been at least 10 times.  Get there early as they sometimes run out of some of the food.   Bring cash.  Depending on how much you want to eat (bring home) You'll probably spend about $10/person Try to get there by 10 and get in line for the hot soup, the line gets busy fast and this soup is totally worth the $7 for the large size.  We always get "large, veggie, mixed" which basically means no meat, and you'll get a mixed size of noodles.  Delicious.  I love that you can spice up your noodles how spicy you want them afterwards.  I think they also have beef/pork, but we always get veggie. The thai spring rolls are also amazing, I've tried all 3 (shrimp, veggie and chicken) and all are great, as is the peanut sauce that comes with it. The thai iced tea is delicious as well.  The fried bananas are really fried, so be aware.   Sweets: If you're looking at the sweets table and feeling a little overwhelmed, don't worry, I felt that way the first time too.  Ask them for the binder that describes what each sweet is and what ingredients they use.  We really like the coconut cake and the mango and sticky rice dish.   Sitting by the water is so relaxing.  If it starts to rain, there is seating on the porch, and sometimes they'll set up seating inside the garage. Don't forget to check out the Thai Temple also, it's a very soothing experience.   Enjoy!
We came to Wat Mongkolratanaram one Sunday morning for brunch and I absolutely loved it!! There were so many different selections and the prices were very reasonable! They had something for everyone as well...and the fried plantains were amazing!! Order them as soon as you get there though, they are a hot item!!! We had to wait 30 minutes to get our order, but they were worth it! The only downside to our experience was the parking.  It gets very crowded and the parking area is very small and confined.  Although they do have traffic directors to help you find your parking space! In my opinion, it is a very peaceful and unique place to spend your sunday morning.  It also gives you the opportunity to enjoy and educate yourself about a different culture and cuisine.....bring an open mind with you and leave the negativity at home! :)
What a Tampa treasure!  If you like Thai, you'll love this place, if you don't like Thai, you'll love this place.  A beautiful setting on the Palm River, an amazing Thai Buddhist Temple, friendly people and incredible food make for an awesome Sunday!  As others have suggested, arrive early unless you want lots of opportunity to get to know your neighbors (aka stand in line).  My wife broke for the fried bananas and I went for the noodle soup.  The soup order starts with a regular or large bowl, with thin, medium or wide noodles and a choice of pork or beef.  The meat selection is served with both a meatball and strips of the selected meats - the strips of pork were amazing.  Soup flavor was great, you can spice it up with sliced pickled jalapeños, crushed dried chilis and other accompaniments. On the side, near where they sell Thai vegetables and plants (great orchid selection!), they have a grill set up, serving chicken and beef skewers along with Thai sausage - all very good.  We also got a selection of Thai curries to bring home along with dumplings and spring rolls.  The prices are ridiculous as well, amazing value.  Bring cash as it is all pay as you go. Strongly recommend, we will be back!
Week 3: The Return to Wat Mongkolratanaram An excerpt from The Meatball Chronicles sundaymeatballchronicles… Back in Tampa after a 700 mile holiday severance. We've missed one whole week of Sunday brunch...where to go, where to go. Although the desire to continue with new venues is tempting, I've been craving Wat Mongkolratanaram (Thai Temple) since Thursday. The Thai people and their reversible silk robes are calling. Due to an entire Saturday of absolutely nothing, I woke up refreshed and ready to take on brunch by the horns. I do believe this is the first Sunday I haven't looked like a diminutive train wreck. My boyfriend however, is a walk of shame. I've been holding him captive since New Years Eve--which means his only option for brunch is formal attire. Fitting into my gym shorts is not an option. Hmmm...should I offer to take him home first? Nah, it's out of the way. It's New Years weekend and it might rain; we won't see anyone we know. Fail. We should have known better. Thai Temple is the Cheers of Boston--but with diversity, picnic tables, meat on a stick, babies, deep fryers (the babies are not near the deep fryers), a Buddhist Temple to pray, a river, a man missing a hand, signs written in incomprehensible Thai, a meditation garden and Grapefruits 6 for a dollar. Now that I think about it, Thai Temple and Cheers have nothing in common. The point I was trying to get at is that it's a place "where everybody knows your name." Not only did we see people we know, we saw people from Friday night--that were well aware Ryan had been wearing the same outfit for 72 hours. We joined a friend (and two new friends) at a picnic table near the water. I'm not sure what sparked our conversation about races--- it could have been the diverse crowd, the mentioning of adopting Chinese babies, or the fact that we had two siblings sitting at our table arguing over whether they were Indian or Chinese. I can't honestly say we added much to the conversation because we had pounds upon pounds of glorious Thai treasures in front of us. But what did stop me mid-chew was a comment someone made: "I'm not white. I'm Polish." I'll just stay out of this conversation and continue chewing. It's probably for the best. To be honest, Thai Temple isn't about crazy experiences in an outrageous setting. I'd like to say that I fell in the river, or that the man with one hand sat at our table, but he didn't. It was a beautiful Sunday filled with beautiful food. After almost a half dozen visits there, we've got the vendor lines down to a science. We skip the desserts, flowers, praying and plantains. We go straight for Pad Thai, Spring Rolls, Dumplings, Kabobs, Basil Chicken, Rice, and 2 Waters. We're guaranteed a fabulous meal every single time, and that's why we're faithful patrons. Next week, we'll be back to venturing unfamiliar grounds.
What a special place!  Great food, wonderful people.  This experience is real and this place is a hidden diamond in the rough that most people will never know about.  The people, food, atmosphere, it hits you on multiple levels.  It's fun, relaxing and just plain good for your soul!  Just go and you can Thank me later!  :-)
Yet another adventure to the Wat, and as always, it was well worth the trip!  This occassion was for a UYE set up by Carlos H & Nicole Lee S.  Thanks guys!  I needed the excuse to return!  About once a month just isn't enough... One of the many addictions I have developed in my visits is to the fried bananas.  Order early!  On a busy day it could take 20-45 minutes to get your order filled. Another amazing item for purchase are the orchids.  I am stunned each time I see $6, $8, and $10 stickers on them.  Mom's collection has grown much larger at those prices.  They seem to come in all shapes and colors. The rest of the fare is amazing and cheap as well.  LARGE bowls of soup, stuffed to-go boxes of all manner for only $5?!  No wonder I see people walking out with grocery-sized bags of food. If someone would just turn on the air-conditioning, I might never leave this place!
This gets four stars because of the atmosphere.  I'm surprised people rave about the food so much as I didn't think it was nearly as awesome as the others.  Very little meat/veggies, lots of rice though the flavor on the curries wasn't bad.  Noodle soups were good, not amazing.  I'd probably stick with the curries.  Best bet is the meat sticks. Can't beat it for $1.   The atmosphere is amazing and that's why you should come here.  It really can't be matched elsewhere.  We left thinking we'd go back every few months or so.  Great place to bring guests too.
This is a Thai food experience that is as good as it gets.  Every Sunday - as a fundraiser for the Thai Temple - is a fresh brunch of Thai food from Papaya salads to fried taro root to pad thai to coconut creme dumplings, the food is fresh and delicious. You eat looking over the Hillsborough River in a tree covered setting. Tips: You need to make sure you get there early as a lot of the food will sell out. Bring cash - no credit, checks or debit cards are accepted. Most food is $5 If you want the coconut creme dumplings order them first and then get your food.  They take a while to cook.
Two words: Cultural Experience. One word:  Amazing.
I can't say enough good things about Thai temple. Great food, awesome prices, and a great cause. This is a great place to bring out of towners and it's very dog friendly. The setting is beautiful with lots of shade next to the water. I highly recommend arriving early, as it tends to get crowded later in the day. Plus you don't want to miss out on some of the popular items, which can sell out pretty quickly!
Definitely a very cool place to visit and experience. On Sundays there are volunteers that prepare and serve a variety of Thai foods and desserts are fair prices. There is a very good selection of different foods to try ranging from the most popular soup noodles (get there early otherwise its a long wait in line and they may sell out) to spring rolls (not very good or fresh). We visited once when there was a special festival going on and there seemed to be even more variety of foods. Make sure to visit on a nice day as there is only outdoor seating.
Cool place. I would recommend going to one of the celebrations.
I loved this place.  I have known about it for over a year, but finally made it out to Brandon to check it out.  It was a cold morning, so the noodle soup was what the doctor ordered.  I suggest getting in the fried banana line first so you have something to snack on while waiting in the longer soup line.  The Temple is very beautiful and it is on a river. It was a great stop before heading to Ikea.
I heard of this place from my friend and thought I had to go since I love Thai food. My boyfriend and I got here a little earlier so we did not have a touble finding a parking spot, however all the food stands were not ready yet.  So we decided to check out the temple and how they were praying.  The temple reminded me of the time I went to Bangkok.  Thai people love to decorate their temples with a lot of colors and shining gold.   Now let's go get some food!!  Most of the meals they have are $5 and desserts are $3.  I think some of the sales go to the fund of this place.  It is definitely cash only.  We had a noodle soup and dumplings and fried bananas.  Second time I went here I think I ordered a green curry.   Everything is alright.  But please remember they are all food stands so do not expect restaurant quality food from this place.   What's fun about this place is that you see a lot of people and food, and get to eat your food outside on a picnic table.  There are not too many Thai temples where they hold a Sunday morning market.  It is definitely a place you should check out once!
There is no where else that I know of, that you can get this much variety of Thai food for SO CHEAP! After walking around the market to decide what we wanted we ended up with Pho, Basil Chicken, Green Curry Chicken, an egg roll, a sweet bean pastry, and two Thai iced teas for $17!!   Amazing!  The food was so good!   To make it even better, the temple is located on the river, so there are tons of picnic tables to sit and look at the view.  There was live music in the garden, but we didn't notice that until we were leaving. There are also fresh vegetables and plants for sale. I have a feeling I will be frequenting here!
Ive been trying to get here for 6 months now. Having just left from the temple I can honestly say that Thai restaurants are ruined for me now. Walking through the grounds on a cold Florida morning, the scents of amazing food filling the air. I couldn't have imagined a better morning in my life. The soups are fantastic, not spicy until you add the condements.  Grilled meats and sausages for a dollar will make any meal better. The onion and coconut custard is strange. A bit more sweet than I had expected and the fried plantain taro and sweet potato were just right. This is truly a gem in Tampa. If you experience only one thing in this city, go here.
I didn't know there were so many Thai people in Tampa!  This place rocks on Sundays... food, dessert, and Thai people ... great combo!  I love how on Sunday this place attracts so many different people... it's wonderful!   The food is delicious! The Temple itself is well kept and beautiful.  There's also ample seating, and lots of shade!   It's one of my favorite things to do in Tampa.
Wow! I saw the reviews for this place and decided to check it out. No wonder it is so popular. The site is extremely relaxing and everyone is friendly. The food was delicious! The only downside was how crowded this place is. Since it was so crowded you couldn't see which was the end or the beginning of the lines and which line went to which food stand. I strongly recommend coming here with someone whose already experienced it to help guide you through the process. I never had the chance to try their soups or desserts but I will the next time around. Besides the food they also have a calendar of events, as well as meditation workshops, which looked like they were free, but I would look at the website to be sure.
This is a good place to go with family or friend. beautiful , variety food and nice people. Every people work there for volunteer for temple. If you want to try Thai food i'm recommend "papaya salad","coconut custard","noodle soup" and some many kind of thai desert. check it out on every sunday around 10am-2pm. specially when they have a big event you will see a culture and beautiful thai dress. If you want to meditation this place will be great ,you can ask a information there they are kind and like to help you.
First: Bring cash! The food is pretty good, but sometimes a bit too oily. Most of the time I get Pad Thai and Basil Chicken with a soup. The sausage things are okay, more herbs than I expect. The temple is beautiful so bring your camera too. Early morning tends to be less crowded than the 11 to 1 crowd. Also, stay away from the mung bean creations; they look cool but boy do they taste funky. Unless, you like mung bean, then by all means. Overall, if you have friends or family in town, take them here as it would be a great experience to see some local Tampa flavor.
The best Thai food in Tampa.  It's too bad you have to wait until Sunday.  I highly recommend coming bright and early to beat the crowd, they open at 10:30am, otherwise you'll have to wait in long lines and risk not being able to eat certain dishes if they run out.   I love to get the noodle soup (even though it's not as good as I've had it, it's the only place in Tampa I know where I can get it), Thai BBQ chicken and sausage, and kanom klok (it's right by the Thai beverage stand, I think they call them coconut custard or something).  I also like their curry noodles (kanom jean nam yah), it's by the som thum (papaya salad).  Their Pad Thai is extremely bland.  I would stick to trying things that you normally wouldn't find in Thai restaurants, they're usually better.   I not too fond of their set up though.  All of food, with the exception of the barbequed food, are on a raised deck.  It's kind of a pain to have to bring your food down the stairs, especially while holding a tray with a bowl of noodle on it.  I like that it's by the water though. This is my temple's (back home) younger sibling.  So, if any of you happen to be visiting the bay area in California, the Wat (temple) in Berkeley offers the same food market on Sundays.  However, their hours are more limited and it's even more crowded there. p.s. This review has been sitting in my unfinished reviews for a few years now.  I should have posted this sooner.  Back then, the deck wasn't complete though, so I guess you're benefiting from knowing how it's set up now.  Oh well, happy eating!
If you want to spend your afternoon eating delicious, authentic food on the cheap along the river, this is the place to be. Aside from all the non Thai people who are here, this area feels like a bit of northern Thailand - the food stalls that sell authentic dishes, the river views and palm trees, and of course the beautiful temple. Altogether, this place is inclusive, non-pushy, and generous. I would highly recommend getting here at opening time: 10:30am, or else you're going to have to deal with long lines. Best food to get includes the beef noodle soup ($5) - made of authentic noodles and very flavorful broth - and the mango sticky rice ($4-5), which is very close to what you would get in Thailand. Let me stress again the MANGO STICKY RICE (get this early because they will run out quickly!!) - it is outstanding!! I would also recommend the Thai iced tea and the young coconut juice, which are $1 each. The Thai iced tea is just like the real thing and the coconut juice is naturally sweet and tastes like it came just out of the coconuts from SE Asia. For great food, great atmosphere, pleasant/friendly company all on the cheap - this is definitely the place to spend your Sunday afternoon, especially with a group of friends or family.
Coconut custard with onions are my favorite.   Be prepared to wait an hour or two. Place your order for coconut custard when you get there; have your lunch. Get there early, food sells out fast.
WOW... so this place is AWESOME!!  So much food to choose from!!  I think my husband and I spent about $30 but that's because we couldn't resist from buying a little bit of everything...  now that we know what they have, we'll probably spend only about $20 for the both of us (to include drinks and desserts).   the location itself is wonderful.  it's right on the river and the temple is beautiful..  lots of outdoor picnic tables; pets and children have a great time running around
At the outset, I should say that I'm an Asian, so the standards I apply may be somewhat unfair given the lack of some ingredients here in the US, etc. As many reviewers suggested, I went early (around 10am), and had no problems getting parking. Friendly ushers everywhere. Food stalls were really busy, and it did feel like Thailand, with the temple, colorful banners selling drinks, the grounds being next to the river, and that you could actually go there by boat! Really nice to see activities organised for the kids, etc. You can tell its a genuine attempt to make people understand Thai culture (/buddhism). As for the food, I thought it was only average. Soupy noodles were kinda oily.
The Sunday market is definitely something to experience! Especially if you are curious about the Thai culture/food, there is definitely plenty of authentic dishes and treats to taste all for mere donations. There is also plenty of seating down by the water and an area to purchase exotic plants and herbs. Definitely something to experience, and I am sure I will be back again!
I don't really have anything to add to the reviews before me except that they give you a pretty good picture of what the place is like.  I can't say the food is great (just ok) but the experience was fun and the people real nice.  If you are in Tampa on a Sunday, it is worth going to for brunch.  Just try to avoid July and August because you will be eating outside and it is quite hot during these months.
Sad that I just recently found out about this place, as my family has been going since I was young. My uncle, cousin, and parents would mention that they were going to the buddhist temple, but little did I know that the buddhist temple consisted of a market selling delicious Thai food and drinks.I always chose to stay home and do something lame like study... If I had known, I probably would have gained about 20 lbs in high school and undergrad while still living in Tampa. We tried the pumpkin curry, papaya salad, stuffed sausage, pad thai and the beef soup (very similar to pho). Thai tea was only $1! Everything we had was excellent! Sunday brunch is always packed, so come early to find parking and a picnic bench...Lines can be long, but the food is cheap and oftentimes better than most Thai restaurants....
Still such a fun experience and way to eat yummy Thai food on a Sunday morning. However, it gets pretty crowded, so come early!
After many years of knowing about the Sunday market, I finally made it down there today and I am regretting that I didn't make it sooner. The meal I had today was some of the best Thai food I have come across in a long time. All and all my group had the Basil chicken, Ginger chicken, two of the other curry dishes, chicken satay, fried bananas, and Thai sausage. Oh and did I mention all for only twenty bucks? The only thing we didn't enjoy was the sausage, everything else was delicious. I can't wait for my next visit. Based on the other Yelp reviews, we knew to arrive early and I am very glad we did. The parking lot at was about half full when we arrived, and when we left about 45 minutes later, the lot was just about full.
It was once a quiet temple now it is over crowded and the lines for food purchase are too long.
Not only is the food excellent at the end of every line you might be waiting in, the experience is just as good and interesting. Any place you can go by boat is a plus and the dock will fit maybe four 20' to 25' boats depending on the tide. The longest line there is usually for the soup and it is well worth any wait. The lines might look long at times, but they move very fast. One of the coolest parts was walking around to the other areas and I found a woman selling pork and beef jerky that were really good and really cheap. Two people can stuff themselves and still have food to take back for under $20 total. If you haven't been yet, you're missing out on a great Sunday experience.
I LOVED this place. Before I get started on the review I would like to note, as others have, that this is a Buddhist Temple. It is not a restaurant. IMPORTANT: Bring cash. They don't take credit cards. Entrees average at about $5 but I would bring about $10 a person for drink and miscellaneous treats! :) I can't begin to pronounce the name but I know how to describe it... "Mmmmmm!" I went with my brother and his girlfriend. It's a little overwhelming at first. You feel a little bit like you're on streets of Thailand. I recommend taking a lap and picking our what you want after you've had a chance to check everything out. We wanted to get a couple of different things and share. We got pad thai, pork noodle soup, egg rolls, Thai sausage, some sort of coconut "Thai cupcake" (their words not mine), and crumbs from the fried bananas. Don't judge us. We were hungry! I'm not a huge fan of pad Thai in general. Their's was pretty good though. It was a little salty for my taste. My brother and his girlfriend loved it. The noodle soup was really tasty. They build the soup when you order it like this. First, the put a handful of raw bean sprouts, then the add a bunch of the thin, white noodles typical in Asian foods. The lady doing this speaks very little English and asks, (much like the Soup Nazi) "Beef or Pork?!" They add cilantro, peanuts, pork (or beef), and other goodies. The finally product is really good. I wouldn't get this if you are self conscious at all. It took two hands, one to twist the noodles with chopsticks and the other to hold the spoon and get some broth. Inevitably, some noodle comes out of your mouth or broth drips on your chin. The egg rolls are good. Nice and crispy without being too much breading. Next, the Thai sausage had curry in it. I have a severe aversion to curry so I obviously didn't like this. My brother liked it so it might be delicious to those who have a taste for curry. The "Thai cupcake" is really interesting. It has a light coconut flavor and green onion. I wouldn't call it a cupcake since it wasn't very sweet. It took eating the second one to decide I liked it. The crumbs from the fried bananas are delicious. I wish we would have order bananas. I loved the crumbs though. They are light and sweet. When I asked my brother if we should get them a girl passing us said, "Yes! And take the leftovers home and put them on vanilla ice cream." I would definitely do that. For a $1, I think everyone should get some. Overall, I really enjoyed "Thai Temple". It's a fun and different way to eat. When the weather is nice it's much better than sitting in restaurant and I think it's just as good as anything I've had. Get there early though. We went at about 1 and they were out of a lot of things (including satay, bummer). I can say I will definitely go back. I might even attend the service they have that day! As the buddhist say, "Eat to live but live to eat."
Had to add this so that it is listed when I go there next weekend.  They are only open on Sunday's for "Brunch".  I think the hours are from 11-?, but other websites advise getting there as early as 10am.  I can't wait to review it for real and add pictures.  A lot of hype about this place.  FYI, it is a Thai Bhudist Temple and on Sunday's they open to the public and do an "open air market" style dining.  Food is for $5 average donation that goes to the Temple.  Then you can go sit at benches along the river to eat. I am putting 5 stars in hopes it is as good as the hype.  I'll let you know next weekend.
This is a place to eat, but it is more a beautiful place to visit and experience. The Thai  food is excellent and inexpensive You get to see all the ethnic food prepared right in front of you. Take your pick. Seating available with picnic tables alongside of the Palm River.  Wonderful Florida/Thai experience.Recommended.
My hubby and I just love Wat. The food is amazing, especially the noodle soup and egg rolls. We were a bit disappointed with the increase in price and the dramatic decrease in size of some of the portions - most notably the Thai tea. Don't let this deter you though. The food is amazing and the grounds are lovely.
The temple and grounds are beautiful any day of the week but the Sunday market and food stalls are what draw the crowds. Get here early unless you are tolerant of standing in lines, no fast passes here. There is a huge variety of home cooked items to sample here and all money collected goes to the temple funds. It's necessary to bring cash but leave the big bills at home, most items are $1 - $7. The picnic tables by the riverbank are perfect for relaxing dining and meditation. Overall, an experience not to be missed if you are in the Palm River area.
The correct name of this Wat is "Wat Mongolratanaram of Florida" confirmed by the Wat.
I love the scenic location and grounds of the temple.  I arrived at 10:30 and the place was packed!  The prices are very inexpensive and the amount of food you get is crazy.  According to their website you can have it seasoned to your taste but I didn't find that to be the case.  It was so incredibly spicy that I was sweating and didn't enjoy it.
Wat Mongolratanaram is a very special place. It's not a restarant, it's a cultural and culinary experience.  I've been going to the Temple for over a decade. There's a recently built authentic Thai Temple on several acres of shady river front property. It's like taking a trip to Thailand without leaving Tampa. You won't find any better Thai food anywhere else in the bay area. Try to get on the mailing list so you can get a heads up on special Thai holidays and events. They have awesome parties and festivals throughout the year. Must eats: Beef soup, Thai style papaya salad, fried bananas, various barbeque meat, pad thai, chicken larp, pork dumplings from heaven, fried eggrolls, Thai tea and much more. Please don't bring your own drinks. The whole point of the food market is the proceeds go towards maintaining the Temple so we can continue to enjoy it.
Just an amazing atmosphere and great authentic thai food, drinks, and desserts. Highly recommended!
Great food for great prices!
Get in the soup line fast!
Fun times, good food
If you like authentic Thai food.  This place is heaven. Literally.  Everyone is so nice and the energy is so peaceful here.  Made me wanna pray and I'm not even Buddhist.
This place was AWESOME! Some of my friends had been talking about it and it sounded absolutely delicious so one Sunday, we decided to go and check it out. It was after noon and it was packed! The grounds are definitely beautiful and we sat at a picnic table by the water and the temple. I had a thai tea ($1), which was delicious although too much ice for my preference. My 2nd one, I just asked them to refill my cup since I didn't want to waste another cup or have any more ice. They also had lychee and fruit drinks that seemed yummy. However, I cannot say no to a thai ice tea. I also had a beef noodle soup ($5), which was absolutely delicious. One of the guys I was there with had a seafood soup, which looked really good and is definitely what I want to try next time I go back. For dessert, we got a box of these coconut treats that were sooooo good! I wanted to bring some home with me. I can't wait to go back and the only thing that makes me sad is that this is only around on Sundays. This is definitely a place I would recommend to anyone.
It took me a year to find it. I'm not going to loose it! :) it's a Thai Heaven, and you can actually visit Heaven when your there! So many flavors to choose from...noodles, broths, veggies, meats, curries, sticky sweets... All under $5 to choose from.   Life is good.
Great little retreat in Brandon, FL.  Authentic thai food - I love the fried bananas!  I'm not a fan of some of the dishes, but I enjoy the overall vibe.  Great way to start a Sunday morning!
Had the penang curry, pad thai, spring rolls, and mango sticky rice.  All were among the best that I've ever had.  You cannot go wrong - everything is absolutely delicious here!
I visited this place several months ago for their Sunday food and service.  I was a little bummed there weren't too many vegetarian options, a lot of their food is cooked with fish oil.  I ended up with some rice and veggies that were really good... oh and bananas!!! so good!  The lines were long and kind of hectic, but it was a fun experience.  The deserts were great!!!  We took our food and ate near the water out back, which was really nice.  Then we went to their open meditation service.  It was a little hard to keep up because it wasn't in English; overall a very interesting cultural experience. :)
The food is a bit overrated.  It was good but it wasn't "that good".   Its convenient to have a temple in Tampa but it is a bit small. Overall, the place is nice.  It provides a unique escape in the city of Tampa.  Its quite enjoying to have some Thai food by the Hillsborough river.   I would bring cash and come early as seats get taken up quick.
This is about 5 years overdue. This is an excellent "hole-in-the-wall" Thai food -- although its fast becoming a Tampa area favorite, everyone seems to know about it. Food is cheap, you sit outside in front of a river, nice view. Excellent thai food made by thai people.
Love! This place has authentic Thai food, the actual temple is so amazing with gold and glass decorations all over. Cafeteria and picnic style which helps remind you of "simpler times".  They open at 9am on Sunday's and I recommend going early as they sometimes run out of food.  However, if you go on Sunday around 1pm there is Thai chant which is very spiritual and great for meditating. They do sell spices, plants and flowers outside of the food line.  Cash only!
Awesome! Culture is good. Nice setting. Can't really say more than what has been said before.
Something to understand when getting food at a temple: this is not a restaurant, this Sunday deal is probably for the upkeep of the temple and what not, they have to make food for the masses that is quick to make so the quality may not be as good as a restaurant, it'll be more like Thai street food. There is definitely MSG in their food and that's what makes it taste good. People who have not had a lot of Asian food will think this place is awesome. So when going as a yelper to this place please keep this in mind when judging the food. Now on to my review... I went to this place with a very high recommendation from my friend. I love going to temples that sell food for donations because I get to try food from the source of the culture and help out the temple whether it is my religion or not. This was definitely a great adventure seeing the temple and getting to taste the food, but this was by no means great or best Thai food. I've been to Thailand and know what flavors to look out for. I'm not saying this place was bad. It had a great variety of things to choose from (curries, pan friend noodles, noodle soups, fried desserts, dessert drinks, and other dessert like sticky rice). i think that the temple offers good solid Thai food. Between my friend, my roomie and I we got papaya salad, nem nuong, nem chua, panaeg curry, massaman curry, beef noodle soup, sticky rice, vegetarian green curry, fried taro, fried banana, eggrolls, chicken curry puff, and thai tea. So I would say that we got a good variety of things at the temple to adequately judge a fair amount of food. I have not tried the papaya salad, nem nuong, nem chua or sticky rice yet because I bought that to eat later. (You can't get this in south Florida) I'm not sure why others have been saying that this papaya salad is not handmade because I watched them make it and package it in those clear boxes. Just because they didn't peel the freakin papaya in front of you eyes doesn't mean it isn't fresh or that they didn't make it. . Anyways, back to the food I actually ate. The noodle soup was very similar to a Vietnamese beef stew dish and was good. They do disclose the ingredients people might be allergic to including peanuts, fish sauce, and MSG. So it's no wonder the soup was tasty. If there was no MSG in there I don't think that soup would be as good. The panaeng curry also lacked a burst of flavor and they didn't give a lot of sauce. The massaman curry was also ok. Barely any sauce with the massaman curry so it just tasted like peanuts, vegetables, and ground pork. It was definitely a plus that you could put as much extra hot sauce, fish sauce, chili, and pickled jalapenos as you wanted on it. I haven't really seen much of that in south Florida so I was happy to see it at the temple. My friend is a vegetarian and unfortunately this temple doesn't have a lot of vegetarian dishes to offer. The papaya salad has fish sauce in it so that's a no go, although you can ask them to make it without the fish sauce. Then they have the vegetarian curry, or the sweet bean curry puff for savory options. The rest of the vegetarian options would only be the sweets. The eggrolls were definitely good...but who can really mess up an eggroll. The curry puff is good but very starchy and filling, so it's best to probably have it first like an appetizer. Everyone keeps raving about fried taro and fried banana. I mean it was good, but it wasn't anything amazing. I've still had better tasting ones elsewhere. I do really hate to poo poo the temple. But overall it was good solid food that should not be passed up because of the experience that you get to have. I very much appreciate the temple for doing what they are doing, providing Thai food cooked by Thai people, and a great experience. The view is also amazing. To eat cheap food with an amazing view is not easy to come by.   i don't regret spending my money here and after reading this review you don't feel like coming to eat the food as much, well then I still definitely suggest going for the adventure. It's best to enjoy this in a larger group of at least 3 or more.
A small group went today for the first time. We arrived at 1030 and pretty empty- by the time we made our rounds and checked out all the booths, the soup line was about 10 deep! Line moves really quick. Pretty easy to figure the ordering process. Sat by the water at one of the picnic tables. Nice time and tons of food. The fried plantains, sweet potato and taro were amazing!
Another very good find through Yelp.  I was very excited to go to the Wat after reading all of the reviews.  It did not disappoint either!  Was a little hike getting there for me, but well worth the drive.   People are so nice there, the food was very good, and people that were selling were very happy - such a great atmosphere!   Things that I tried: Beef noodle soup - Very different, but very tasty.  Was a little confusing after I was done.  I was not sure where the bowls were suppose to go.  I went back to the spot where I ordered, then kiddie corner to that was where there was a dish pan for the dirty dishes.   Fried Banana, Sweet Potato, and Taro - My favorite was the sweet potato.  It's sort of like tempura, but better.  Not sure what type of flour that they use for the batter but it was super crispy on the outside and sweet potato was cooked to perfection on the inside.  I asked the lady for $3 worth and told her that I didn't want a lot since I just wanted to try it.  It was still a lot.  Had to take it with me. Thai Iced Tea - What a bargain!  $1!!!  It's as good as the ones that you pay $3.  Not sure what the other Yelpers were saying that it's expensive, it's truly not yet the opposite. BBQ Wings and Pork Skewer - The bbq pit was found outside in a tent near the river.  Both were very good.  The chicken wing was huge! Spring Rolls -  Took some to go.  Were very tasty as well.   If I ever get to go to Tampa again, will definitely visit the Wat again.
Fun experience... can't believe I never knew about this.  Parking and the line was a chore, but worth the effort.  Unbelievable value and a fun way to spend an hour on a Sunday.
i would have never guessed this one. a thai buddhist temple in tampa? amazing. must admit i did not go into the actual temple because my friend took me here for the food market and that pretty much kept me busy. long lines but worth it. every item on the menu is $5. a true south florida treasure this is. cant wait to go back.
It was a hot day.  Lots of people between 11:30a and 12:30p. Food runs out quick but they replace it.  Noodle soups are awesome and come in three sizes and it is yummy.  Chicken on grill with Thai season was good and very tasty.   Items not pricey at all.   Going back and will try other dishes.  Check them out and menu on-line.
I'm in Tampa a few times a year and when I visit, this is one of the first stops to cross off my list. Besides the fabulous fresh noodle soups, salads, grilled items, and a crazy assortment of desserts in a rainbow of colors, shapes, and textures, you get to eat under the palms on the Palm River. In good weather, this experience may be get you closer to enlightenment than the nearby gold-painted temple. Get there by 10:30 though or risk waiting in some very long lines.
Bring friends and/or to-go containers because you will have plenty to share or eat later.  Bring cash too.  Dog friendly.  You can also bring water or sodas but they do sell cold drinks for a bargain.
I can't stress how awesome this place is, not just for the food even if that's your main reason for going. It's an actual Buddhist temple and you can sit in on meditations, get lessons in basic elements of Thai culture, and so on. Very welcoming group of volunteers that staffs this place. Everything served is awesome and authentic and you especially have to love the Thai Tea for $1 (!) that is the best around. Just keep in mind the temple isn't actually a restaurant so take in the sights of the place and show a little decorum.
Get there early and just go for the experience. DON'T go just for the food, it's ALL part of the experience.
The temple is the best way to spend a Sunday Afternoon. Get a Bowl of the Beef Noodle Soup, sit at the picnic table and Enjoy the peaceful Riverfront.
go here. too much styrofoam. bring your own not-styrofoam.
Love this place. I went here last Sunday for the luncheon they have. It's more than just a meal. The way they prepare the food in the large kettles is reminiscent of a market place. The food is great, and they have a variety of different dishes at the various stations. I tried the panang curry, which was quite good, along with a soup that resembled a Pho. It's great to check out the scenery too! I wish it would have been warmer the day I went, but I will be back again, maybe this weekend. I highly recommend this place for great food, and an even better cultural experience.
Good family fun. Hang out by the river and get a smorgasbord of different dishes. All the dishes may not be the best food around but the place, people, and experience makes up for what is missing. Do order the bananas early and then check out the other items. And they do run out of the favorites first, so we likely missed a few of the best dishes. Will be back.
This place rocks on sundays. Great Food ! Relaxing by the river and mantra heaven. Wonderful feeling and relaxing
I went during one of the festivals and it was quite interesting.  It reminded me of a busy Sunday market with people enjoying a day together. I know that it is a temple, but it didn't have the festival feel.  The vendors sold wonderful foods, varying from soups to desserts. There is outdoor seating right on the river and the city looks so peaceful during that evening.  The food is good but it isn't restaurant quality.  All of the money goes towards to upkeep of the temple, so you know where your money is going to.
This was great fun. It isn't terribly clear what the protocol is, but basically you give donations for whatever food you want. The inside of the main building ( not the sanctuary) is where the nuns and monks were eating. There was a huge table full of what looked like home made food, and there wasn't exactly a queue on which to stand, but some nice lady took pity on me and ushered me in ahead of her. For our morsels, we offered five bucks ( one plateful). Outside, we discovered what seemed more like vendors with desired donations listed per item. Be warned that the fried bananas ( plantains) take FOREVER FOREVER FOREVER. They are totally worth it. Order them and then go sit to eat the other food, and send someone back to check periodically on the progress. The deal is that a man will ask you how many people you want to feed, you tell him, then he tells you Joe much to give ( he can change for a twenty), and then he gives you a number. Silly me thought they would call me quickly, but no- you have to wait until the paper bag bearing your number re- appears in the tray next to the man from whom you ordered. It takes awhile. Like 40 minutes, in my case. Totally worth it.  Also, there is a group of ladies making green paw-paw salad, and it is killer. Spicy, sweet, sour, umami- you name it. The sanctuary is lovely, and itnis generally a happening, happy place. No booze!! Please respect the house rules.
Its the place  to be on a sunny Sunday afternoon...delish
Good solid thai food in fun atmosphere!
Wondeful ambiance... GREAT food, people & atmosphere..! What is not to like...! Definitely will continue to vist & enjoy this place..!
Love the food on Sunday I drive an hour just for the noodles
Wat Temple is a hidden gem. It's a great way to spend Sunday lunch. The welcoming open market atmosphere and authentic quality of food make your visit special every time. Be sure to get there early for the pumpkin curry! The fried sweet potatoe and sticky rice with coconut milk and mango are a must.
Delicious Thai food! Definitely worth the trip from Brandon.
This was a fun, interesting experience.  I had never heard of this event before and decided to take some relatives from out of town to it.  I was pretty surprised at how large (and full) the parking area was.  As you're walking up you can't help but marvel at the temple.  It's absolutely gorgeous.  With that to your right and the market area to your left you almost feel like you've been transported to some exotic land.  I got to try some things that I had never seen before, such as these small, round coconut pastries that I actually quite liked.  Normally I hate the taste of coconut.  Once you've gotten your food there are plenty of picnic tables by the river where you can sit and eat.  The one complaint I had is that there's just so much waiting.  The wait for the fried bananas took forever.  If you want seconds of anything that means more lines.  Even the bathrooms had a line.  But if there's that many people there that obviously means that they're doing something right.
Move over Busch Gardens. The time I spent at this Buddhist temple during their Sunday market was my favorite part of visiting Tampa. Vendors line up selling (at awesomely cheap prices) a mouth-watering variety of authentic Thai treats - curries, salads,  soups, fried veggies,  coconut custards, Thai tea, etc. Everything we tasted was delicious. But it was more than just the food. The entire feel was something truly special. It was full of a diverse mix of people all there to enjoy some Thai goodness, waiting patiently in lines, being nice, and just having a good time on the humble grounds surrounding the temple. Even though this market benefits the temple, not once did I feel like any religion was being preached... but then again, the food was so good that the experience of eating it was bordering on religious. This is the one place I visited that makes me seriously consider returning to Tampa for another visit.
Excellent, had a great time.  And oh my Buddha, you can eat and eat and eat and eat--and spend very very little.  I had the basil chicken curry, pumpkin curry (the best pumpkin curry I have ever had!), Thai coffee, coconut cake (if you like coconut this is delicious)  Pumpkin cake (might remind you of Flan), and fried bananas and sweet potatoes.  They have more curries, desserts, soups, tea etc.  I wanted to try everything, it is worth it and it is delicious.  The temple is gorgeous--it was built in 2007.   It is like leaving the country for a couple hours.  Highly recommended!
First visit to the temple earlier this month. What a revelation! I'll be spending future Sundays there for sure. I went with two other people and between us, we managed to sample just about everything. There are vendors selling desserts, vendors selling fried bananas (and other fried goodies), delicious hot noodle soups (pork or beef - both quite good), pumpkin curry, pad thai, thai sweet basil chicken, etc. They didn't have Thai tea when I was there but others informed me that it's there sometimes. Delicious food at reasonable prices. Nice view of the water too. Will definitely go again.
awesome food, nice setting, love it!
Perfect in every way. Amazing.  Get there before 11 if you want a seat.  The soups, Lop Gai, veggie summer rolls with spicy peanut sauce, and handmade lemongrass sausages are insanely good.   My favorite place to eat in Tampa - and not just for the food.  The people are so warm and welcoming - and the crowds are so happy to be in such a lovely environment.  It's a beautiful way to spend a Sunday morning.
I love this place.  Good Food, good company, very relaxing.
