Whatever I can't find at Pearl Art Supply store on Hillsborough, I can usually find here about half the time. If you're into crafts, you'll be in heaven here. They have art supplies too, but their focus seems to be on craft related projects. I always try to go here as much as I can because I usually find something interesting that I can use on a current or future project. I've made many accordion style books, and a clam shell box that involved some of the diverse paper they offer. Michael's would be almost perfect if they offered book binding supplies. So far I haven't been able to find any place in Tampa that offers such. I was told they carried book cloth by a friend, but a worker informed me that only certain Michael's locations offer it. (sad face) Despite that, it's one of my favorite places to shop and a place worth checking for those into arts and crafts.
Huge store, tons of inventory. Lots of coupons in the newspaper and the Michael's app. They also have lots of different classes each month. Only negative is it's sometimes hard to find staff to help you.
Big place, full of lots of crafty bits and pieces. Mid day, mid week, its all older women in search of some odd thing or other to glue together and decorate for some holiday or other... (Aside: Still sad that Pearl is gone, this place just doesn't make it as a replacement, of course, thats not their fault - its a crafts store not an art supply store). The staff generally knows where stuff is, and helped my mom find what she wanted in short order.
I love Michaels, plain and simple. It's like the Walmart of the craft world. If you are a parent, it's the answer to all of your child's school projects. If you are an artist, you'll find pretty much almost anything you need to create beautiful things. If you are a senior citizen and need to make that certain floral arrangement, Michael's has your back. The staff here is super friendly, always willing to help you find your way through the labyrinth of endless supplies. They even frame pictures! Although I will say I miss the more art oriented Blick and Pearl Art Stores Michael's still does a great job!
My wife goes here what seems like all the time. I've been here a few times to get a picture framed or get some type of crafty thing for my daughter to do. They have everything from paint supplies, fake flowers, stickers, stamps, kids toys, etc. You'll be surprised what you find
Huge location, tons of inventory, lots of sales. I can always find what I'm looking for and more. No complaints!
Lots of sales. Almost too many sales because you can't use their weekly 40% off coupons on sales, so you end up buying something you don't necessarily need just to use the coupon. Has a lot to choose from though.
Me and my friend  had her craft birthday party for her two children at Michael's and it was absolutely wonderful! They were extremely helpful and made it very nice for the children. You can choose from a variety of projects, depending on what your child prefers. It was also reasonable, especially taking advantage of coupons to purchase the supplies. I could not find many reviews out there prior to having our party but I am so happy with our choice. I would highly recommend Michael's as a fun alternative for birthday parties
my only really complaint was that I spent more time in line than in the store.
