Awesome food. Their prices have gone down which is also a good point! the atmosphere is quiet and welcoming. The wait staff is super helpful and explain all the food. I don't have anything bad to say. I love the food here.
Delicious.  The gyro is awesome with the Turkish rice.  Enough for two - it's a huge plate.  Order extra pita.  The lentil soup is really amazing.
I absolutely don't understand the negative reviews on this place. I can only think they are talking about a different place than Gengiz khan on interbay. Like AD's review--they don't use frozen fries...they're hand-cut and baked. Also, what on earth on their menu could be canned?  It's all fresh middle-eastern food that if you can find in a can...u must not be in the US.  This place is always great.
A recent dinner outing took us to the Gengiz (funny spelling...) Khan Restaurant on S. Mac Dill Ave. The food was pretty decent, but fairly pricey for what is on offer...must be the South Tampa Effect. The appetizers are mostly some spreads, of which a few cubic inches cost you $7 each. While tasty, we felt somewhat ripped there. The entrees are well-sized and consist mostly of some grilled meat on rice and some veggie/salad sides. The prices range from $10 (vegetarian) to $19 (lamb). Stay away from the Turkish wine...the $33 bottles they sell cost $5 if bought in store, and the stuff tastes pretty rough. The interior is on the tacky side, sort of "Kurdish Martha Stewart". The booths are quite uncomfortable and have very soft cushions. The service was very friendly and attentive. A visit to the bathroom revealed a reasonably clean locus, however the absence of soap and paper towels made me recall some trips to the mediterranean...;-). Bottom line: Food of this style and quality can be had for less, but if you are hungry in South Tampa, this may be an option. Eat the vegetarian dishes (tasted great!) and stay away from the appetizers.
Stop searching because you have found what your looking for (Quantity and Quality). We went here as a family on a busy Saturday night and I was very satisfied. We went in and the bartender greeted us and seated us in one of the booths with a friendly attitude. We were given a few minutes to decide what we wanted to order, while she brought us our drinks. I was so happy that they had EFE beer which I must say went down well with dinner. This place has one of the best Mediterranean sceneries you will ever see in your lifetime, its exotic, welcoming and offer complimentary music which is why I give this place 5 stars.  The waitress was very friendly and brought our dinner, I had ordered the Lamb Adana and compared to other Mediterranean restraints their lamb tasted slightly better. I also posted a picture on their yelp website if anyone wants to see before trying it. In addition, their Baklava tastes the most authentic compared to others places I've had this specific desert at. Overall I would recommend Gengiz Khan to anyone interested in in trying out healthy and yummy mediteranaen cusine.  It is a bit far for me to go on a weekly basis, however when in the mood I will surely be back.
Can't tell how many times I've been by this place and said next time. I finally decided to try it for lunch. I wanted to do take out but realized that their online menu was very small with little detail so I walked in to place the order. They have two menus lunch and dinner with plenty of options. It was empty except for one table but I went late afternoon. I ordered the chicken kebob which it's more of a platter it comes on a bed of rice with a side salad and bread. I also ordered the grape leaves these are fantastic. I would return to order just that. It took about 15-20 to get my order so if you know the menu call ahead.
Gengis Khan is a small Mediterranean restaurant on MacDill.   It's not divey but it has a bit of a strip mall feel to it.  But, more importantly, it's a decent spot to get your hummus and falafel fix. The hummus is a bit on the smooth side and does not have a strong taste. It has definitely been "watered down" for the masses.  I miss real hummus.  But it's decent enough.  I'd order it again. The falafels are big and green inside.  Not sure where the green comes from.  I'm hoping it wasn't Soylent Green.  (It's people!).  But they are tasty and topped with a bland tomato sauce and a little bit of hummus.  Again, tastes have been toned done. It's a shame. You gotta cater to the masses.  I guess.   The gyro and falafel sandwiches were nice.  This is definitely a good lunch spot.  I wouldn't, however, recommend it for dinner.  It's not nice enough and the food too bland.   I like it, but not enough for that fourth star.   But I'm coming back for the filet migñon kabob.  Sounds delicious.
The food Was alright, the atmosphere was nice, service was ok. What was really annoying at the end of the night, with a group of 10 people, the waitress wouldn't split the bill, even though we told her at the beginning it be different checks. She left it up to us to figure it out and then call her when we were done! Zucchini pancakes and falafels were awesome, but service let a lot to be desired! Don't think we will be making a comeback.
In close proximity to our home we decided to check it out. My wife liked it a lot. They have a pretty good wine selection. We brought our baby which didn't seem to be an issue. My wife made the comment "this is a good place to go that is kind of under the radar we can get in without to much of a wait in a relaxed atmosphere." I would compare this place to Byblos. Food not quite as good but we'll be back because the place was clean, service quick but server didn't interact much (only 2 servers and all had their hands full) and close to our home. Total bill before to was $54 which we had 2 glasses of wine,  2 entrees, and I got a lentil soup appetizer. Large portions so value was there though I couldn't finish my entree (iskender-thinly sliced lamb over pita with a tomato based sauce and homemade yogurt on the side). I shouldve included a picture. Next time.
This place was alright. Certain menu items were better than others, but I did not find myself totally blown away by anything. My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday evening. The restaurant wasn't too busy and we were able to get a table right away. We started with a yogurt dip appetizer and it ended up being pretty good. I really like Mediterranean-style yogurt dips and this one was no different. The yogurt had hints of garlic and mint in it, so the flavor had a pretty decent variety. Instead of pita chips, we asked to have cucumbers/vegetables for dipping, an upcharge that we were not told about. I feel like our server probably should have been more upfront about that instead of having us figure it out on the check. We obviously didn't mind paying extra for the vegetables but I still would have preferred not being in the dark over the cost. I ordered a lamb/beef patty dish called kofte. The patties were really tasty and well-seasoned. The entree came with a salad which was not bad but had way too much dressing on it. My boyfriend got the gyro, which he enjoyed. It wasn't a ton of meat but it was still pretty tasty. For dessert we had the baklava, which was pretty good but not the best baklava I've had. I prefer the flakier type over a doughy pastry. Gengiz Khan's was pretty doughy. It reminded me of a brown sugar pop tart. Service was okay. Our server left our plates on the table for way too long in between courses which is a pet peeve of mine. She wasn't awful but wasn't great either. I would come back to try some other entrees, as I spotted several around the restaurant that looked like winners.
Conflicted about this place because there are some fantastic foods and some mediocre foods; some good service but sometimes egregious wait times. The gyro was good but the meat was a little overlooked like it had been regrilled. The beef filet shish kebab and bulgur rice was really good. However I've waited between 15-45 minutes for lunch which is a pretty large spread if you're time-constrained. So it's hit and miss. They need to improve consistency before I can make a better determination: you might love it or you might hate it and there's no way to tell beforehand right now...
Good food, but the service can be slow at times. Even when placing a to-go order, be prepared to wait. I waited over 30 minutes for my food once I placed my order at the bar and there was only one other customer at a table. Even when I have ordered in by phone in the past, it has never been ready by the time I would get there, and this would be about 30 minutes later. The staff is friendly, it just seems the kitchen is very slow. The food is good. The rice and orzo blend is delicious and the meat is always cooked perfectly. It is a little pricey for what you get though, so expect to easily spend over $50 for two people to eat dinner...without any drinks. It's close and convenient at times, but with Byblos just a bit farther down the road, it's worth the extra drive since it ultimately will take just as long anyway.
Authentic Turkish flavor, wonderful service and average atmosphere (could stand an update). I've been several times and we are never disappointed.
This is the very best Mediterranean food in south Tampa. Trust me I've tried them all! Their hummus is the best, great wine selection, everything on the menu is amazing.
Was craving Turkish/Mediterranean food and stopped by for dinner with my wife. We started with the minty yogurt dip as our appetizer. The pita that came along was soft and freshly prepared while the dip itself was ok, not bad but not great either. I got the lamb adana for my entree and my wife got the beyti special which seemed like lamb adana wrapped in pita bread and sliced like sushi rolls. Both were great but we felt it could have been seasoned a little more. The side of rice was overcooked. Overall, a decent meal and we may be back to try something different.
I lived in Turkey for four years as a child and have been craving authentic Turkish food since I've been back to the USA (1992). This is the first one that met my expectation! I went with two coworkers at around noon. We were the only ones there besides one other table. The waitress was wonderful and attentive. She took our drink orders right away. I ordered a cold appetizer that was pita bread and yogurt with garlic and nuts. Unfortunately no ekmek but the pita was Nom. It came out in about 5 minutes and was devoured. My coworkers ordered the kebab platters and I got the lamb kofte with Turkish rice.  HEAVEN on a platter. The tzaski sauce was light and minty but the kofte was so flavorful. I admit I ate off of the others' plates. So delicious and real donor kebab meat!!!  Finished it off with baklava which was just right. Sigh! While this is not my annae's cooking (no one can match my annae) they have gained a loyal customer with one visit! Side note: The waitress was personable, lovely, and attentive without appearing fake. I don't understand how anyone could dislike this place.
Good here is great! Never have any specials but I enjoy coming here.  Lots of great unique flavors.  You can tell the shish kabobs are freshly ground. Which you don't find in many places anymore.
I have friends who are regulars of this place and they rave about how great it is. I went last night for the first time and won't be coming back to give it a second chance - it was just that bad.   First of all it was a Friday night and I am realistic with my expectations.  Any place is going to be slammed at 7pm on a Friday night. Well apparently slammed for Genghiz Khan is to have 2 people at the large bar and about 25% of the tables filled. No really this is "busy" for them apparently, as my friend who had dined there previously a few times stated. So in reality, not that many people. Well when we were being seated, a server was wiping off our table with what we quickly learned was a smelly, moldy rag. This pretty much set the tone for the rest of the meal. It took the server around 15-20 to even get to us to get our drink order. Again this place was not that busy but definitely understaffed. I had overheard our server taking the order of the table behind us. She made a comment that someone must be hungry because they ordered a lot of food. I thought that comment was bizarre. When she came to take our order, my friend and I both chose to order double salad as our sides instead of French fries or some other filler carbs. Our server then commented that we both must be on diets. I was just plain puzzled why she'd even make that comment out loud. My friend and I are not overweight and I am considered skinny in all respects so I was just floored she'd make that assumption out loud.  I just chalked if up to her being a nice person but completely clueless on social norms. Onto the food. It was ok. Nothing to write home about and probably the least memorable thing I ate all week.  If it even matters, I had the shrimp kabob and my friend had the lamb Adana. By the time we wanted our check, it of course took awhile to flag down our server. By this time were tired of waiting around all night and just wanted to get out of there. The decor was average and a traditional musician was setting up when we were leaving so for ambience, I'd give the place 2.5 stars. When we left my friend apologized for the horrible experience as it was her suggestion to go there and we both were sad by our smelly, weird and torturously long dinner. Meh.
We were disappointed after reading so many good reviews and then having such a So-So experience. This is a difficult review, I'm struggling how to describe what I had. It was suppose to be falafel. But it tasted like Eggplant Parmesan or Mozzarella cheese sticks, but not falafel. It looked beautiful, in patty form, and it was crisply and evenly fried to a nice brown outside. The texture was crisp outside and perfectly soft inside. The color inside was a nice green, indicating a good amount of parsley. I looked forward to biting in, but when I did there was no falafel flavor. It was so mild a taste it could have been anything else. In an unusual change it was served on top of red sauce,yes, you heard that correct, Marinara Sauce, with a dab of hummus on top. I didn't find that combination to be compatible with falafel, but that's just my personal take on it. So, all in all, I'm glad we have another falafel source located in S Tampa, but I'm not going to have any dreams about this falafel. On the other hand the Mediterranean salad was good. The gyro was good. The moussaka was good but it was served cold (room temp). We came late in the evening so maybe that's why it was cold? There's nothing wrong with this restaurant, the portions were good, the food was certainly edible, but we weren't blown away by any measure. Maybe we went on a bad night? The other reviews are so excited...
Consistently delicious food and welcoming atmosphere, this place has been a favorite date night spot for me for over a year now.  Every dish I've ordered and have sampled off a friend's plate has been superb, and if you order the Sangria, you won't be cheated on an icy watered-down glass of wine with an orange slice--instead you'll receive a hearty glass of wine with an assortment of fresh cut fruit that's sweet and has a hint of cinnamon...mmm. So far I've had the Lamb Adana, Lamb Kofte, Chicken & Hummus, Calamari, Zucchini Pancakes (which are amazing), and I highly recommend the Turkish Rice that is a side option with most things. As for the service, recently I was here for my birthday and we were a table of 7. Our server was great and our food came out in a decent amount of time for the size of table we were. At the end of the night we were looking to head to another spot before they closed and wished we could have gotten our checks a little faster, but we had a number of individual checks so that might be understandable. All in all, it's a great restaurant! I just wished there was a belly dancer or a musician to make the place a little livelier that night, for a Saturday it seemed pretty quiet.
Great food, slow service . Waitress didn't come to check on us at all. Every time we needed something I had to go look for her . Amazing food
This place is a hidden south Tampa gem and I'm A-Ok with that. The fact that the parking is never full and it's got excellent food and service makes me happy that this isn't a "hot spot" which gets too much attention, making it tough to dine in peace and without waiting an hour for a table. Score! I've eaten the cold appatizer plate with hummus and yogurt dip and pita chips and it was excellent! The beef mousaka keeps me coming back for the more. With the delicious bechamel sauce, eggplant, warm potatoes, and melted cheese, it's the star of the show. It comes with rice but it's not needed as the mousaka is enough for two! The kebabs are also quite tasty and cooked to perfection regardless of the meat you choose, If you are looking for something different and tired of the Greek food you should defnitely try this place. It's Mediterranean at it's finest!
Have eaten here twice with the family, and this place is a hit!  Very good hummus, excellent baba ghanoush and truly outstanding falafel -- well done and crispy just the way I remember it growing up in New York City. The salads are very fresh and high quality. You can add kafta to any salad for a nice healthy meal. We have also had the meat platter, which was enormous and a big hit with the kids. Very nice proprietor and friendly service. Good ambiance. Great spot for date night, although an off beat location. I encourage you to give this undiscovered gem a try!
Check it out for super tasty (veg) lentil soup, fresh salads in generous portions, and a Turkish twist on falafel. The service has improved dramatically. The best waitress in town brought a vase filled with water for the flowers I brought my mom, in addition to being amazingly on top of things. Oh, and the bread's still good.
Zucchini cakes.... you have to have them! Falafal, ditto!  Lamb shank? Yes please!   Went here for the first time and had an awesome experience.  We got the mixed hot appetizer which comes with calamari, zucchini cakes, falafal and some sort of cheese/spinach roll.  (sorry, don't remember the name)  It was delicious.   For dinner we got the lamb shank with eggplant.  The lamb was with a nice red sauce and the eggplant was creamy and delicious.  For dessert: of course, baklava and turkish coffee.  This is probably the best baklava I've ever had.  The kitchen was just one smidge slow, but service was super knowledgeable and friendly.  Aleksandra is fantastic!   Restaurant is clean, and the entire menu looks delicious.   I can't wait to go back.
My boyfriend and I frequent here, we love the service and the food. There is a awesome waitress named Alex who is extremely friendly and will make sure that your experience is great.  We typically get tabbouleh, hummus, and chicken kabobs or chicken and hummus however they have a very large and tasty menu. If you haven't been here yet, definitely check it out!
We've been here a couple of times. Always good food. Always good customer service. Portions are generous and flavor right on the spot.
Terrible cheap, canned, and microwaved food.  This place needs to go out of business.  My husband and I went there a few days ago on a Friday night. We were one of 3 tables in the whole place. First of all, please do yourselves a favor and don't order the horrible Turkish (cooking) wine. The waitress looked like she was figuring out how to open the bottle for the first time in her life. The wine is bad and tastes like cheap cooking wine. The other reviews saying it's good are simply wrong. The rest of our food was either canned or microwaved and came out lukewarm. We had to ask for it to be reheated which of course was just in the microwave. Not only are people on yelp recommending this place but so were people that I work with (but don't know well).  I made the unfortunate error of listening to them and this site. This place is terrible and a complete waste of money.  Even completely removing the prices from the equation, the food is disgusting and I couldn't even force myself to eat it. This place needs to close. I cannot effectively express my contempt for this restaurant on my phone.  I regret ever having read the above reviews which influenced my decision. One star is way too many. If you have any brains at all, you will ignore the other reviews. This food is not fit for a dog.
Great Turkish coffee, and great Turkish food. The quality of the food is really good. Not to mention the great service Aleksandra gives!  Falafel is really good and the zucchini cakes are amazing.
We came here on Mother's Day evening to celebrate 4 people's birthday and also for the appreciation day.  We read the reviews about the crappy service and boy, do they delivery on the crappy service.  My friends got there 10 mins before I did, and they told us they only got water out and no menus.  My family sat down for about 10 mins before the waiter came over.  He asked for our order before giving us the menu.  The waiter did manage to give us enough time to figure out what we wanted to eat.  After reading some of the reviews, we knew the service would suck, but we chosed it anyways because we wanted to taste the food.  We had a bet going on how long it would take us to get out of the place.  Most of the bets was for 2.5-3hrs.  We ended up leaving at 2.5 hrs. I had the homemade gyro platter, husband ordered the 3 hot appetizer, and we order a kid's chicken kebob.  The kid plate was a large meal with 3 big chicken chucks, Turkish rice and French fries.  The 3 hot appetizer was a zucchini pancake, a bean type patty, a goat cheese fillo roll of sorts, and French fries.  Homemade gyro was a large plate of meat and salad with Turkish rice and grilled pita.  The portion was very generous.  The food was good, but I thought it was kinda bland considering that Turkey has a lot of spices available.  The waiter forgot my grilled pita basket.  It took an additional 10 minutes for him to grill it and bring it out.  I can't believe he forgot about it after having a discussion with me that I wanted the bread to be heated. The decor was modern and nice.  It reminds me of a trendy bar.  The location, I thought was kinda wierd but maybe they are targeting the military base nearby. Overall, I would give the food 3 star, but 2 star for service.
Great food. Meats are so flavorful, juicy and well-cooked. Even the French fries were awesome. Went for lunch with the husband. We will return.
Middle-ranking, middle-east restaurant.   Had most of the standards for the area, similar to Greek/Lebanese.  We also ventured that deep into the S. Tampa peninsula in hopes of finding something different/special, using a coupon. The coupon cut the cost but the food was not really special, once you have had kebabs, hummus, baba etc. elsewhere.  Service was quite friendly & prompt and we did not have a bad experience like described by other reviewers. Due to its somewhat isolated location and unexceptional food, we would be unlikely to repeat, even with coupon.  You do not have to go south to eat east.
This restaurant offers excellent Turkish food and the staff are fantastic. I've visited several times and always have their pita with lebnah. The pita is always fresh and warm. The atmosphere is very casual and comfortable. We often stop in and eat at the bar and have a glass of wine. Definitely worth the trip to south Tampa!
Plus-the food was fresh, not too heavy or greasy.  It was authentic. Minus-I paid close to $7 for a kids portion of chicken.  I received 2 small pieces of chicken, which were great, but a whole lot of rice and fries with it.  For the price, the amt of chicken was not a good deal at all.  Plus, why do rice plus fries???? 2 starches? Falafel app-taste was ok-kids were put off by "green" color. which I'd like to think was natural. Most unimpressed by the tzaziki (cucumber) app.  Although light and with a nice taste of cucumber and mint, it totally lacked texture.  Seriously?  We received it in a soup sized portion.  Please at least use good Greek yogurt next time. Too pricey for the food we received, although the servers were excellent.
One of the best things about living in Turkey was the food so I had high expectations for this place. I havent tried everything on the menu but I've given it a fair shot with 3 different entrees and several appetizers and...I don't think I'll be back. The service is great as is the ambiance but the food is just not on par with the dishes I fell in love with overseas.
I've made visits to Gengiz Khan a couple times and I've had pretty positive experiences. Some of the things I've tried here: hummus, lamb adana kebab, iskender kebab, and the kofta. Across the board the food has been really good. Decent sized portions, lots of excellent flavors, and nothing too fatty. They have a couple options for sides but the Turkish rice is the way to go. I have yet to try their baklava though because I've ended up at Datz afterwards because it's so close. I will note that the inside is a little cozy and middle of the road in terms of appearance. The staff has been interesting when I've gone. The last time I was there, our waitress was really nice, dealt with our larger party like a champ, but it took a while to get our checks sorted out. The first time I was there (it's been awhile), it was a night where there was supposed to be a bellydancer (I don't think this is a weekly/planned thing here) dancing at a certain time. The waitress said it would be another 5 minutes half a dozen times for about 40 minutes. They were waiting on a big party to arrive before having the show and I guess they were late to their reservation. Meanwhile the dancer's friends were at the table behind us drinking and the dancer herself wandered outside to smoke some hookah or something. Needless to say it did annoy me... But not as much as the musician who was playing while we waited. His guitar playing was good but I could have gone without the singing. It made those "5 more minutes!... 5 more minutes!" really painful. We quit waiting on the girl and paid so we could escape.
Food was great was recommended by La Souk owner.  We were offered free chai after we mentioned our honeymoon.
We come here regularly! Can't go wrong! Make sure you try the zucchini pancakes - to die for! You have to come hungry - the portions are large! All the meat items are good- have yet to go there and get an entree we didn't love!
Propably one of the worst dining experiances of my life. I am not picky by any means, and from working in the customer service field for over 10 years Im sensitive to waiters and staff that deal face to face with the public, but the wait staff here was down right unattentive and rude. my husband and i were the only people in the resturant. It took 45 mins to get a drink and once we got them no one came to take our oder for another 30mins. Once the food arrived (an hour later) it was smoothered in olive oil and no other seasoning. At this point it was 10 and they were getting ready to close. I felt like they were staring at us eating wanting us to go faster and when we were done...it was like they disappeared...not check no...how was your food...can i get you anything else...... I had to walk up to the counter and ask for the check. never again
This is the best Turkish food in the Tampa Bay Area.  The shepard's salad and lamb adonna are some of the best I've ever had.  Service is speedy and courteous.  Definately a winner
After spending a summer in Istanbul, I had been craving Turkish food to re-live my memories. To be honest, I was expecting to be disappointed by whatever I found. But, thankfully, my expectations were not fulfilled Things tasted as good as I remembered, and they had a large selection of many of the dishes that I craved. They had real Turkish wine and my friend and I shared the lentil soup, the cold appetizer selection, and the Gengiz Khan Special that had all of my favorites. I enjoyed everything. The staff were kind, bright, caring and attentive.
Great little place! Staff were friendly, decor was appropriate for the type of restaurant, and the food was fantastic! Had the baba ganoush, the falafel, lentil soup, and the mediterranean salad...but honestly wanted to order everything on the menu! Needless to say we will be visiting this place again.
I went there out of curiosity and not expecting much.  It was very tasty.  I had the combination kebab.  I was a little disappointed with the rice though, it was a bit soggy.  The service was also excellent; they were very attentive.  If you're in the area and in the mood for Mediterranean food, you should definitely give this place a try.
Just not good, the service nor the food.
It's a little neighborhood restaruant & true to form, like most neighborhood restaruants it is a gem.  I like the slightly off the beaten path location & the outside seating along with the really good food, it is a great experience.  I sat outside because it was a great day but the inside is top notch on the decor.  I'd be back if not for the fact I live in Northdale.  I would reccommend this palce to my South Tampa friends.
The food is decent, as is the service. Good food but nothing to write home about...
One of my favorite places in south Tampa to eat.  The fillet minion kabob is AMAZING!
Really good since the last change in ownership, not as pricey as before.  The grape leaves dinner is always a favorite of mine since they do them without meat, and the hummus is perfectly garlicky!  I love the grape leaves dinner!
Pretty good place to eat. I don't care about what bad things others had to say about this place. I met the owner and his wife the other day and they are awesome people. I would say everything on the menu is good. The Turkish sprite soda is great. The desserts are really good. I love the beef shish kebabs. This is one of my favorite restaurants in south Tampa.
This is a genuinely authentic Turkish restaurant in a metropolitan area sorely lacking in fine Middle-Eastern cuisine. The food is very fresh, the variety of salads from a cold eggplant salad to a chopped shepherd's salad can satisfy those seeking food that is very nutritious as well as flavorful.  The entree's are excellent, including the most tender chicken kabob I've ever tasted. Having spent most of my life in metro NYC, I was pleased to find this restaurant stood tall against comparisons to the plentiful availability of Turkish cuisine in New York. Sadly, it seems that the restaurant is on shaky ground due to a lack of awareness of this fine cuisine in Tampa Bay.  Perhaps it's the out of the way location, south of Gandy.  I do hope they stay open and that more TB residents discover this most satisfying dining experience.
This place is incredible! I had the bean salad and stuffed eggplant appetizer and my husband had the iskender plate. We were both happier with our meals than any in recent memory -- and we eat out often. Everything was fresh and incredibly flavorful. Service was perfect. Very highly recommended!
We thought we'd try and find an Iranian or Turkish place while in Tampa, and were lucky to find Gengiz Khan. While the food was not superb, it wasn't bad, and the service was wonderful - from the waitress, to the chef, to the owners - who just took over the place a month ago (July 2011). The owner came out and spoke to us for some time, and told us about how they took over the restaurant, and also about some of the food.   We ordered lamb shank, and iskender kabab for our main entrees and the zucchini pancake for an appetizer.  This zucchini dish was amazing like many of the reviews say - While it is not turkish, it is definitely worth enjoying while there. My wife enjoyed her lamb shank - the flavor and portion were just right.  The iskender was okay, but since I've had it in Turkey and other turkish restaurants, I knew it wasn't ideal.  When the owner asked me about it, I was candid, and he admitted the meat wasn't as tender as he'd liked and the flavor wasn't fully there because they used a pita bread instead of the normal bread turks make to put at the bottom of a good iskender dish. They did bring us complimentary turkish tea at the end which was very nice of them. The service was great, the ambiance was pleasant, and the food was better than average.   We would return to this place if in Tampa and looking for a Turkish place to eat.
Good food and I like the way they have set up the place.  I'd been to Turkey so I wanted try some of the local Turkish food.  Since it was my first time at Gengiz Khan I told the waitress I would order whatever she recommended.  I ended up with a mixed hot appetizer sampler  plate, a lamb dish, and a chicken dish.  All of it was great, especially the appetizer sampler.  If you go here, just ask your server what they recommend and go with that.  Don't be afraid to try something you normally wouldn't order.  I used to never eat lamb until I tried it middle eastern/Turkish style.  For some reason, lamb is much better when it's cooked that way.  The waitress was very helpful and I'm grateful she gave me such good recommendations.  I noticed that the kitchen isn't too quick, maybe it just takes awhile to make this kind of food.  If you eat here, you need to be prepared to wait awhile for your food, have a Turkish beer while you wait. It's a nice place inside (or sitting outside) so spending time there is a pleasant experience.   It's small but has nice decor and a good atmosphere.  All in all, it was a good restaurant, I'll eat there again.
