Don't miss an opportunity to eat here.....ever!  A grand slam for takeout lunch or dinner, every time.  If you are into Cuban cuisine, look no further. Pulled pork and chicken is the best in the area. Sides are equally as good. A variety on mac&cheese, okra, black beans, yellow rice (a must), and collards to name a few. But the real star here, in my opinion, are the plantains. OMG - they do them right here. After the owners (who are brothers from Cuba) notice me coming in day after day for a few weeks they showed me how to make plantains after I couldn't stop raving about them. The deli is really great too. Cuban sandwich is great. As far as convenience stores go, it's your run of the mill store to get chips, drinks, candy and snacks. One detail that's always stuck out to me about this location is that I've never been there and not seen one of the brothers (i.e. owners) there. Tells me they take LOTS of pride in their business. Something that needs to be practiced at other businesses these days.
One star because I'm a bit of a germaphobe. I went here to get boneless chicken breast, since the meat market by me closed. I hate raw chicken but my husband likes when I make chicken. I try to touch it as little as possible so I ask for it butterflied. Well, the butcher asked me if I had a knife at home, instead of just cutting it. He was pretty rude. I told him raw chicken grosses me out, and he then handed me a bag of chicken with juice all over the top and outside! Shudder. I'm quite surprised that I didn't end up with salmonella poisoning just by being there. Rude staff and not the cleanest. I won't be going back.
Any one who has lived in South Tampa knows about the "green store" on Interbay. People mostly go here to get food from the deli. They serve hispanic food mostly. I always get yellow rice and maduros. I go here on days when I am especially hungry and I wanna spoil myself to something good. Cuban sandwiches are also worth trying. Go hungry! :)
Why 4 stars? Because they had what I needed.   ---   ---   --- And what I needed was a lot of ribs. They had the exact amount that I was looking for. In my personal opinion, they weren't the greatest. But I had so many people tell me that they were the best ones I've ever made. I know I'm a professional reviewer, but the people like what they like, ya know?
I have to admit, l have lived close to "The Green Store" for many years. However, I had never bought a anything more than a lemon over over 5 years. BIG MISTAKE! The Cubans are my sons favorites! As for me, the can't get enough of the breaded steak sandwich. I also just recently had the pleasure of trying the Cuban Steak sandwich and I wanted more!! I highly recommend anyone in the area to stop in for a sandwich. I promise you won't be disappointed.  **if you like a little heat added to your sandwich or dish.....ask for a side of hot sauce.
Love their beer selection and fresh cut meats.  The butcher knows what he is doing! I always grab our filets from here and it's cut right. Of course you can't ever go wrong with fresh ground beef.  Your burgers will always be delish!
If you want a sandwich this is defiantly the place to go. My gf and I were both a little hungover and she had to be at work at 8am, we both agreed we wanted sandwiches and this was open at 7am on a Saturday! they have a humongous sandwich menu and I'm sure if it's not there they can make it for you, from pressed Cubans, reubens, and italian subs they have it all. There are some basic grocery merchandise in the store also. the Cuban lady behind the sandwich counter was very nice and made me me the breakfast sandwich of the day, Corned beef hash!? very interesting but delicious and it cured my hangover. You have to try the roast beef it says they make it there and sure taste like they do. Great place to stop by before a trip out on the boat or to beach.
The Green Store, a store with character in South Tampa.  A place to grab comfort food, craft beer or a bottle of wine, dessert and then watch teh new episode of Grey's Anatomy on a Thursday night.  Great Cuban Sandwiches and Cafe con Leche, my usual stop before heading to the office in the morning.  The hot meals are great, specially for working families. Fresh and very well cooked.   Hot meals = comfort food meets Cuban food.  The pulled pork is great with the rice and black beans. The ribs are good for the price.  Portion are very generous, usually I eat twice from the same serving.   Not only is about the food, it's a deli and meat market...nice cuts and really fresh.  Employees are friendly and helpful.
Truly love this place. I treat myself every couple weeks and am just as impressed as the first time. Many will recommend the Cuban sandwich. I, for one, don't see anything special about Cuban sandwiches, but if I had to have one, I'd get it from here.  Their hot food line is amazing and have  EXTREMELY good prices. Ropa vieja is my favorite. Staff is friendly and very accommodating. Love this place!
Never been here for anything other than lunch. The sandwiches are always good and made to order. I prefer the hot bar - good portion size, fresh food, I've not had a bad meal. But my new favorite here is the Greek salad. It's got all the right things in it and plenty of feta! Plus it's enough for two meals or two people, take your pick.  Try it with chicken on top. The service is good, the people are great, and its really pretty fast service for made to order. Gets busy at lunch time, but put your order in then wander a bit. Plenty to look at while you wait. :-)
Super friendly independent super market. Huge meat selection. Lots of premade items should you not feel like making side items for din din. Pretty good selection of Latin packaged foods. Deli selection. Dry goods, etc. Better yet - very nice collection of craft brews that are hard to find at other places. They seem to have an affinity for Southern Tier. What a coincidence, I do too. Stop by. You'll find something.
THis is my go to Meat market, the always have a fresh variety of meats, Lam, chicken and I find it tastes much better than the local grocery stores. The have a small section of produce, mostly for forgotten recipe items. Their lunches/dinner consist of roasted pork, chicken and have  sides from mac'n'cheese and collard greens, all made fresh. Their breakfast sandwiches are fantastic and the cuban is to die for. What a great beer selection as well, they have wine but better off going to the ABC store right down the street. If I don't feel like cooking, this is where I come.
This is the best local market in the area. We get wings and spicy sausage regularly, but also enjoy the prepared food. We love supporting local businesses!
This is a great place to go to get meat, especially pork.  The butcher is friendly and helpful. There is also a deli section with mostly Cuban food to go.  I tried the devil crab (okay, a little heavy on the onion) and a Cuban sandwich.  I found the sandwich a little salty, but it was fast and decent, and my husband enjoyed it.  For $4 for a "small" sandwich, I cannot complain.
Interbay Meat Market better known as "The Green Store", it is our larger than average neighborhood convenience store. Offering not only grocery items, but also fruits, vegetables, beer, wine a salad and soup bar, meat, seafood and so much more. Their deli offers a large selection of sandwiches which so far have all been really good. Their hot dinners to go, consist of one meat and two sides for $5. Where else can you get yellow rice, roast pork and sweet plantains for $5 that actually tastes really good? One convenient  perk for me since I do live South of Gandy is, they offer a large selection of Latin products that I would normally have to go somewhere in West Tampa to find. One important thing for me that always keeps me going back to any business is, the owner and staff make it a point to get to know you and are very friendly.   If I had to say one negative thing about the Green Store it would be that they do not offer deli and food services on Sunday...ugh!
This is only for the deli section. The sandwiches were great. Had multiple Cuban sandwiches, and ropa viejo. Good stuff. Very cheap too.
I don't know about the grocery side of this store...but the deli is amazing !!!!   And their cuban sandwiches are wonderful. Make sure you call ahead, for any large deli orders. The guys at the counter are fun and helpful....and make really great lunch trays. There are hot and cold sandwich options -- and a pretty big selection to choose from.
Amazing price for a good lunch! The rice and beans were tasty authentic. The quarter chicken lunch was just ok (hence the 4 stars). Mac and cheese was decent. Their Cubans however, are where it's at!!! That's what I'd go for as a first timer.
Love the Meat Market!  My faves are the Roast Pork all the way, the Ropa Vieja, and the fried Sea Bass with extra tartar sauce.  Oh, and they've got awesome steaks and country ribs for grilling too!  Been going there for over 5 years now.  Always consistent quality.
Deli in this grocery near MacDill AFB is outstanding. Prices are a bargain even when you don't factor in that the servings are enough for two people (and I'm a BIG eater). Food is delicious both at breakfast and lunch. Cafe con leche was perfectly made. Grits were creamy and enough to swim in. Sausage, eggs, bacon, biscuit and potato hash were all done to my finicky standards. Sandwiches, salads and hot food bar are  all worthy of my repeat business. Everyone is friendly and eager to please. I love this place and will be haunting it from now on.
"The green store"...Fast, Friendly Service, delicious food for a great price. There isn't much more to say. I go here at least once per week! It has never disappointed me.
My friends actually introduced this place to me as "The Green Store."  It is very convenient for people that live or are visiting near MacDill AFB.  I like that it's more than your average convenient store and deli.  They also have a small grocery section (on the opposite side of the deli/room) and also offer hot food combo plates.  Although nothing really blew me away, it's still good for what it is.  I also have realized that when you come here to pick up dinner, the hot food does not taste as good.  In fact, it became saltier.  Maybe no one got that dish the day before and they decided to reheat it and sell it again the day I came, who knows. I've had better Cubans, but they still do a decent job; especially for it being $4 for a regular and $7 for a large.  You can also call ahead, if you don't want to wait during peak eating times.  I do not come here very often, but I am glad it is close to base. I'm giving them 4 stars because of the convenience and the fact that it is above average for a convenient store and deli.  If it was based on their deli and hot food, I'd say just 3 stars.
The owners and staff are absolutely wonderful.  They are great for a quick dash out for a take out dinner or an easy plan for some good wine or beer.  Their hot bar has a good selection such as roasted chicken, yellow rice, black beans, spanish chicken, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, collard greens, etc.   They have a big selection of sandwiches and special order items, which you can call in advance and pick up.  The location is so close to our house and we are frequent visitors.
Interbay Meat Market? Those of us who have lived in South Tampa know this place by one name... "The Green Store". It's a fairly unassuming spot, but drive past here enough times around noon and you'll notice that the parking lot is typically packed with people swinging by the deli to get lunch, and for good reason... the food they prepare is absolutely fantastic. They make everything from wings to sandwiches to some of the best Cuban food you'll find in Tampa. The Cuban sandwiches are made to order, the ropa vieja is the best I've ever had, anywhere (ask them for a little extra juice on your beans & rice, and definitely get it topped with fresh onions). To be entirely honest, the grocery side of the store is pretty standard fare. Like any other neighborhood grocery store, the prices are a little higher & the selection isn't as expansive as you'll find at Publix, but it's the trade-off that comes with having a convenient corner store. I live in Philadelphia now, but every time I go back to Tampa, I swing down to The Green Store and get an order of ropa vieja. If you're in the area, it's a can't miss choice for lunch or dinner.
Interbay is a neighborhood market specializing in hot lunches and gets very busy with people from MacDill AFB.  They have a vast sandwich menu, salad bar and hot food bar.  Everything is reasonably priced and you get huge portions of the hot food for around $5.  The spanish style pork over rice with beans is off the chain.  The fried chicken is also really good. The meat counter also has great sausages in the spicy, mild, garlic and jalapeno flavors.  Give those a try.  They also carry a decent wine selection and have a good amount of craft beers.
Interbay Meat market is the best place to go for quality Cubans! Even better is the Spanish Cuban fusion food...I know this does not look like the best place to get lunch...but it is. The beef stew is my favorite and the salad bar is quite awesome. You can even call ahead and place your order. A close second, for things I love best about this little gem, is the price. Stop on by you will be glad you did!
The green store as many call it makes a great sandwich and has a ton of hot food options as well.  Have not got a bad thing yet and its nice to pop in for lunch or on the way home for dinner.  I love the options of salad bar, fresh meat and made to order food.  The stuffed potato was great and best Cuban sandwich around.  I like the roasted pork as well.  Take many friends and business associates and no one has complained about this amazing gem in South Tampa.
I've been coming here my whole life and I definitely think they have the best Cuban sandwich in all of Tampa.  They have a delicious lunch menu, all fairly priced, and the people who work here are wonderful.  The rest of the store is pretty nice, you can get all your necessities.  There's a cute little park down the road where I usually take my food, and it's just a very wonderful experience all around.
Great Cuban(and HUGE if you get the large) sandwiches, and hot food at reasonable prices.
This place is located super close to my apartment and they have awesome Cuban food. It's fast and inexpensive and they are always so nice when I stop in. I sometimes get Cafe Con Leche before work and it's heaven. They serve breakfast sandwhiches on Cuban toast that are huge! The ropa vieja is also delicious and you truly cannot beat the prices.
From outside, Interbay Meat Market just looks like a little neighborhood grocery store.  However, the minute you step inside you the constant stream of customers at their food counter.  They have all types of cuban and spanish food and sandwiches and everything I've tried there is fantastic!  Most of the lunch plates are $4.99 which gets you a meat, 2 sides, and a slice of tasty bread.  I'm hooked on their Cuban roast pork, but I also really like their ropa vieja (shredded beef in a nice tomato sauce) and their spanish beef stew.  I wish I lived in Tampa so I could go here all the time.  Instead I just have to make do with eating here when I'm in town for work.
I love the location! (Walking distance from my house) The is a true gem in SOG (South of Gandy). From meats and seafood to grocery items and beer/wine, this is the perfect place to stop for a quick shopping trip or to pick up dinner. They offer a great take-out menu with a focus on Latin cuisine. My favorite quick dinner is the 1/2 roasted chicken with two sides. They have recently expanded their craft beer selection and they always have great buys on wine.
Amazing food.  The sandwiches are fantastic, I had the Cuban.  The Ropa Vieja is amazing with the rice and black beans.  I haven't had a meal there for over 6 bucks.  Great food, great price.
Stopped here recently for a bite and tried the Cuban.Atmosphere is Deli-esque , staff was very friendly. The Cuban was not the best I had in Tampa but It held its own and was enjoyable. Prices are reasonable and its a treasure for this part of south Tampa.I look forward to giving them another whirl next time I am in the area, lots of menu options.
Me working there is the best thing, I get to eat from everything everyday. And I love to see the nice customers that come to our store.
Just went yesterday for lunch while waiting for my new bumper at Calvin' Body Shop...  Cuban is still as good as my nostalgia remembered.  Read my first review for more details though.
The outside of the people might deceive you into thinking this is just a junky little market, don't be fooled! The Green Store has it all. Deli sandwiches, a hot bar for meals, great meats, a HUGE beer selection, and your basic groceries. Basically a mini supermarket with everything you need. And the staff is always friendly and helpful. Stop by and check it out!
Aka the "Green Store", the Interbay Meat Market has been around for quite some time. I'm there a couple times a week as it is close to home, but I also go out of my way from work to grab lunch. Whether I'm in the mood for the salad bar, soup, hot homemade dishes like roast pork or ropa vieja, or a sandwich, I know i'll be spending just around $5 for a complete lunch that is always good. The butchers are always willing to help and the meat prices are always far below the local grocery chains. The staff is always friendly and happy to see their customers. Don't be surprised to find a line of military and civilian people waiting to order a hot meal or a sandwich (usually two different lines). What many people don't know, or forget, is that Interbay Meat Market's breakfast is just as good and for under $4, you get eggs with two sides. I usually go for the scrambled eggs with cheese and sides of bacon and corned beef hash. Their cafe con leche is excellent as well. Go before Noon or after 1 if you want to avoid the longer lines. Call in orders will also help you skip the lunch lines.
This is much more than a little mom and pop grocery. It doesn't look like much on the outside, and the neighborhood is, well, a bit downscale, to put it mildly. However, step inside and you will find, not only a great selection of above average groceries, but also one of the best quick lunch counters in all of Tampa. It's true. They serve a large menu of ready-to-eat hot food, most for $5 or less, including two sides and a drink. That would be a bargain, even if the food was just okay. However, the food is way above average, hot, delicious and the selection of mostly Cuban specialties is well worth the trip. They also stock a near perfect collection of craft beer and wine. The meat case is another high point: very fresh looking meats. The sausages look especially good. You can take your lunch outside and eat on one of the many picnic tables. My Cuban sandwich was well filled with meat, the bread hot and fresh, and the side of black beans and rice was near perfect. Make your way here soon. You will not be disappointed.
