The staff is super friendly and makes a great hookah. They will definitely be able to help you choose a flavor best suited to your own personal taste if you are new to hookah and know how to blend to the connoisseur. My husband is from Turkey and has a lot of hookah experience. He says this is some of the best prepared hookah in the area, and we have tried many in both Pinellas and Hillsborough looking for the best. The fresh fruit makes a nice addition to the hookah, and while they may have limited snacks available on their own menu they are more than happy to run next door for you and pick up something from the Turkish restaurant. The music is tasteful, before around 11:00pm it seems to be relatively relaxing and chill with the likes of Bob Marley on the tunes and a game on the TV. The seating is comfortable with two small groups outside for breezy Florida nights. All in all, a really nice place to relax and spend a few hours with a good hookah. They know their stuff.
I'm currently on a hookah binge and this is now my go to place in Tampa to fulfill my hookah cravings.  It's a small, intimate lounge on Macdill that has outside/inside seating.  The atmosphere is upscale compared to your typical hookah joint and they offer a menu of beer, wine and liquor beverages.  The owner (?) was very accomodating and went out of his way to make sure our experience was enjoyable.  I highly recommend the creamsicle flavored hookah!   This is a great place to hang out with a few or a group of friends and I already have plans this week to go back!
Got a groupon for $30. The most I can get a $18.95 app platter. The sangria tasted like cheap grape juice. We ordered baklava just because we had a $30 groupon ( which is only for their "food"). I could taste the dust on it and how they nuked for 20 seconds in the microwave. The service was so incredibly slow and we were the only ones in there when we ordered everything.
I came here with my family, we were pretty disappointed. We are middle eastern, I grew up smoking hookah. The ambiance is weak, cheap, and poorly done. The hookah flavors we chose were good, they did mix them well. The seats are very uncomfortable, and very worn.  Service was alright.
I must say, Le Seok came as a surprise to me when I visited because I didn't even know it existed. Usually, when I'm down for some hookah and I am in town, I go to Zoya down in Ybor because I have never been steered wrong there, ever. Unfortunately, it seems as they they are down and out, and my adventures persisted to find a hookah lounge that was worthwhile. This, is definitely on the list. I don't live in South Tampa myself, but, I am usually down in the area and so I came across this lounge quite coincidentally, having wanted a nice cool night with a beer and hookah by my side. I entered on a slow night, a week night, but it's pretty damn cool to know that they were still going to be open until 3 AM. That counts for something. I'm a city boy who is used to businesses open really really really late, and I know that finding a spot like that in Tampa makes for great appreciation. There is outdoor seating that you notice once you walk up to the doors and it looks very peaceful and comfortable indeed. Upon entering, you are caught again, as it is very chic and cuddled inside. The furniture is very quaint and it looks like a great spot to be. They offer many hookah flavors and a variety of beer as well so it definitely touches on points you could ask for. Pricing is not too bad at $18 for a huge hookah, and so I could live with it. What I loved most about my experience, was the music. Inside, it is dimly lit which is great for the mood, but the music really drew me because they played a variety of R & B and hip-hop which was just right for a relaxed evening. I don't give it five stars because I think I still have to come on a busier night and see what this spot is really about once more people are inside. I do, however, love the ambiance, the staff, and definitely the location of its placement. I would definitely recommend it to anyone seeking a new hookah lounge because it has a lot to offer. Until next time, we shall see.
Great neighborhood place to meet friends and hang out and chill! Relaxing environment. Great service with a helpful and friendly staff. Good hookah with fresh fruit special hookahs too
What a great place!  Evan is the guy to go to when you visit.  I travel a lot for my job and this is a top 5 hookah bar to go to.   The service is great, atmosphere is very chill and they have great prices.  Thanks for a great night and see you soon.
Le Seok was awesome. Ok it was a very slow night went in and owner said "I"m sorry we don't have any food" He then recommended the restaurant next door.  He told me he'd throw in some wine to make up for the no food part of the groupon.  Once in we started with red wine and merlot for him. Then we had a mixed hookah of watermelon and cherry. 3-1/2 to 4 feet the second to largest hookah they have. 2 tv.'s. owner is friendly. Talkative, friendly. Husband and owner got along great small /work/ personal guy talk. Husband and I really enjoyed the hookah. We purchased a $15 groupon valued @$30. We purchased mixed favors hookah $18,  2- cups of wine valued at $9-6.  $36 would of been our ticket but he said were even. I asked if he had change to tip hi,. He told me I didn't have too.  We will tip him $10. Also I spilled wine but it didn't stain the furniture. We tried to move the  table to put footstools near me and we almost broke the hookah. The coal fell to the ground but alas no fire. No problem. Oh and owner gave us 2 water bottles cold too.
Long overdue review, I came to Le Souk not expecting much (as I have been to some of the best places in NYC and California) and didnt think I would get a great experience in Tampa.. I was wrong. Le Souk has a great ambience, comfortable seating, GREAT hookahs, and a really chill owner. The owner is a great guy who is passionate about providing a great experience to his customers.  I really enjoyed coming here and will definitely be back next time I visit Tampa.
The atmosphere is nice and the hookah experience was cool... But I was confused about the food. First, they advertise they have food when they actually don't (and we went there HUNGRY expecting some good middle-eastern food!). They only have a few overpriced appetizers (I mean, $20 for a plate that barely fed me yet along 4 people? no thanks), and the prices on the menu do not reflect what you're actually charged for once you receive your check. The appetizer platter was supposed to be $18.95 according to the menu, but the check read $19.95, and domestic beers were supposed to be $3 each, and got charged $4 each. Nice place for hookah, but I don't think I'll be coming back. Also the location sucks.
Interesting place. A bit small, but the décor was nice and it had a nice feel to it. The prices are about average, and the hookah was good. I had a tea as well. I will be going again on my next trip to Tampa!
Very good food for the limited menu they have there, which they are suppose to be expanding. Nice atmosphere and decent prices. All said we will probably go back!
Amazing fresh pineapple infused hookah!  The owners are very friendly and we love coming here. It's small and intimate and a great place to have a relaxing evening.
Last time I went way out of my way to hit this place up, I saw they really appreciated me enough to have made it totally worthy of my love and admiration. They got cigars. They served me a monstrous pineapple split in half overflowing with delicious fruit, and I got some juice for my dying iphone. On top of all that, I had a blast. This place is great if you are willing to pay fair prices to feel absolutely at home. I agree it's ill-positioned, hence I have to go way out of my way to hit it up, and I would probly never hit it up for dinner. Be willing to shuck out some coinage for the at-home treatment, cheapsters!
Best fresh fruit hookah ever, homemade sangria,+close at 3AM ,you get to love it Good for birthday celebration,and private  VIP room
This place is awesome....only hookah lounge in Tampa that has a full bar.  Great service and real good homemade sangria
Cute interior but location is ill-positioned. And beware of the prices. If you want Hookah, nothing beats the USF area, or Zoya in Ybor if you want an upscale experience.
Me And my husband went to spent New Year's Eve at Le Souk as well, I don't agree with Chris !!! We had the best time and excellent service ! However there was a guy in a group that was harassing the belly dancer like he was at a strip club ! And as far as the bill, if the bill was 412 , from 450 that's only a  9% tip!! If I was you I'd be embarrassed to post a comment like that, oh and btw the owner is NOT MARRIED !
Nice little spot offering up something different for the SoG area...  Very chill, full bar, and a menu with some vegitarian finger foods.  I'm personally not a hookah smoker, but from what I can tell, the selections are good.  Me and my chica chilled in there smoking cigars and drinking beers.
This place is amazing......strobe lights, year round Christmas lights and a fog machine. Hookah is hitting hard.
We went to Le Souk on NYE. The night started out great, but went downhill fast. There were only 11 of us in this bar. The Hookah was great, the belly dancer Awesome, the music ok, and the food awful- straight up a plate of Humus swirled around with some stuffed grape leaves and dry pita. We got our Tab for 3 drinks, 2 bottles of Champagne- they had 2 choices- Cheap $75 (never heard of brand) and expensive $125 Moet White star, and our entrance fee came to  $415. The guy behind the bar added gratuity secretly- to the bill. I added more gratuities to make it an even $500, and then realized that it wasn't adding up. Caught that and fixed it. At midnight I wanted a bottle of Champagne to ring in the New Year and they were busy having personal conversations. Our group was the only customers.... They charged my one friend $80 for 4 shots of Tequila and then our other friend was hitting on the owners wife- he was drunk. The husband ended up calling our friend at 3 am and again at 5am threatening him and telling him to stay away from his wife! This place is shady.  If building a regular customers base is what they are trying to do they are off base.
