I'm originally from the east coast of Massachusetts and have been let down by the seafood in Florida, so much so that I'd almost given up. Taste of Boston is probably as close as you'll get to the fish and chip places back home. The fish always tastes fresh and the onion rings are AMAZING. The sweet potato fries are waffle cut and great too. The waitstaff are friendly and the food is served in a timely manner. Bumped one star off for the styrofoam cups and plastic dinner-wear and because, when it's not busy, the squirrels like to go dumpster-diving in the trash cans on the patio (which doesn't really bother me, I like squirrels, but it upset my MIL on a recent visit) -- this could be easily remedied with some lids. All in al, it's an easy-going fried seafood place with fresh food and friendly staff!
"Don't do this, don't do that!" In my home town of Destin, you will find signs on restaurants and bars that read "No shoes, no shirt, no problem!" It's kind of our town motto. Destin is very accommodation for dogs and most places allow you to BYOB. Then we come down here to the big city and these jokers want to tell you can't bring your dog even though there's the patio area, they got signs that say NO bicycles NO skateboards NO rollerskates
What a gem for locals. Amazing waterfront views of Tampa Bay. Very hard to beat the view. Laid back & casual. Service was excellent. Great spot to post up and watch cruise ship go by or grab an Ice-cream cone to go. We had a few delicious appetizers - buffalo shrimp & onion rings. Then tried their "Clam Chowdah" and Lobster Bisque (served with lumps of lobster on top)... Highly recommend both soups.
A Taste of Boston truly is a "taste" of Boston and not the real deal. It's a fried seafood joint on the water. You go more for the view and to sit outside by the water on a nice day or go fishing on the pier. The clam bellies are okay. The fish sandwich and sweet potato fries were okay too. The lobster roll was decent (on the home made side) but I felt like it was missing something. I did like the clam chowder. The food is just okay, not like top places in Boston. I do want to say that when we went, the waitress was excellent. She gave our dog treats and a water pot (but hopefully it was not the same pot they used to make my chowder!). A Taste of Boston is a very nice and relaxing hole-in-the-wall to visit and snack, on a beautiful day. I will continue to go eat there and enjoy the view and atmosphere outside.
Great waterfront location. Excellent Lobster Roll... I was pretty skeptical about ordering it but I was very pleasantly surprised.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Why only 4 stars?  The facility.  Look, it's a multipurpose building built by the city.  It's not glamorous or trendy.  It's sturdy.. boring.  But the ToB folks done as good a job with it as they can.  I'll go back for sure.
The Taste of Boston...Great views; however the food is standard fried fair and a little pricey.  Great place for lunch if you want to grab some fired shrimp or fried fish sandwich and overlook the Bay.
Stopped here for a snack, and all in all it was FIIIIIIINNNNNNEEE: 1. Good - Clean and comfortable inside - Good service - Great clam chowder - Good conch fritters, freshly cooked - Good ice cream (taffy caramel crunch) 2. Could be even better - More conch in conch fritters - Butter pecan ice cream was good, not great
Wow! Location, Location, Location! If you are looking for a good place to eat, good customer service, and a fantastic view this is it.  The focus of the restaurant is their food and customer service (which is very good) while the view of Tampa Bay with the Tampa skyline in the backdrop provides the atmosphere.  They offer indoor and outdoor seating so you can enjoy what whatever they offer regardless of the weather; the outdoor seating is covered.  Both options offer approximately 6 to 8 tables each.  This time of year, October, we found the temperature and humidity to definitely be a day for setting outdoors. Like the view, the customer service was equally impressive.  As we arrived we were politely offered our choice seating.  Shortly after our drink orders were taken and provided.  In between ordering our drinks and them coming another server came to take our drink orders, at which time we were not aware that we would be receiving most excellent tag team service.  We placed our order for food and with both servers involved it arrived promptly fresh and hot.  The level of service continued throughout our entire experience.   I ordered a burger, with cross-cut sweet potato fries and my friend ordered fried scallops with French fries.  Both came very fresh and hot.  The burger was good and had a big thick bun around a  1/2 pound thick juicy burger that allowed me to experience the delish feeling of warm (slightly toasted) but sliding into a nice beefy burger garnished with fresh lettuce and tomato.  The sweet potato fries were very flavorful and came with honey as condiment.  The burger seemed fresh prepared because, although it was very good, it had just a smidge too much salt.  My friend's scallops were hot enough that eating at to be delayed for bit; however, once it cooled a little it appeared to be enjoyed. The one negative which requires some planning is the parking.  Parking is very, extremely limited.  So be prepared to hunt and consider parking on the street.  There are two spaces right at the front of the restaurant reserved for patrons.  The good news is parking is free and is actually for the Ballast Point Park. This place is a must if you are in Tampa Bay, enjoy the view, enjoy the view, and enjoy a walk around the park.
I'm a huge fan of this little restaurant located in Ballast Point Park near the beginning of the pier. Sometimes we come here for dinner, sometimes just for ice cream after a couple hours in the park. Their fried entrees tend to be a better deal, clam strips come cooked hot and crispy in a huge platter, they always taste fresh. But the broiled shrimp scampi is well, skimpy and lacking in flavor. I love their fried basa fish sandwich. It's huge!   Service is never a problem, usually your attended to by a couple of staff and we've never had to wait for refills, the check, etc. If you bring kids, they get a free ice cream with their meal so don't forget that at the end of your meal! Worth checking out if you are craving seafood and are looking for very casual waterfront dining without the fuss.
First time here today. What an awesome little place on the water with a super view. I had the bacon cheese burger with sweet potato fries, the fiancée had the fried shrimp basket with green beans and needless to say we will definitely be back!! Get a shake too, perfect for the price.
I could eat their peel and eat shrimp 7 days a week and twice on Sundays. I love the use of pickling spices! Small indoor seating area though. We had to sit outside as all the tables inside were taken.
This is a fun little spot in  Ballast Point Park.  You can sit outside and enjoy the water in Hillsborough Bay and watch the fishermen. The fried shrimp is very yummy!  They don't serve alcohol yet but say they are working on it. When done eating, take a walk down the pier!
We had a wonderful dinner overlooking the bay. We sat outside and brought our Frenchie to enjoy the view as well. The waiter was wonderful and even brought our dog a water bowl and some treats! My husband ordered the fisherman platter (basically an assortment of fried deliciousness). The cole slaw was standard, nothing "wow" about it. But the coating on the fried shrimp and fish were fabulous. Crispy on the outside and juicy and moist on the inside. The fries were fresh and crispy. The blackened mahi mahi and blackened shrimp were out of this world. So ridiculously moist and the blackened seasoning did not taste like they used the basic "Old Bay" seasoning. It was an elevated blackened seasoning. Overall this exceeded our expectations and we will enjoy many more sunset dinners here.
Personally, I think this is a little hidden gem in South Tampa...so much that we even forget it is there sometimes, but have enjoyed our meals all 3 times. The food always tastes fresh and the service is good- they all seem to "tag team" you, so assistance is always around. The place is small inside, but they do have additional seating outside looking towards a pier and the Tampa skyline. The fries are somewhat of my favorite...cooked crispy and they have those tiny bits of crispiness all over each fry! Prices are also very reasonable to me...especially, again, with the view and scenery around. Even though the Tampa area is surrounded by water, there are very few options ON the water in Tampa for dining...and this is one of them. To add, if you have kids, there is a very nice park with water setup for the kids. Also, the pier is there if you would like to catch some fish after grubbing on some at ToB! I will say the only thing that struck me odd is one pricing setup on the menu: chicken tender basket was $7. Buffalo chicken tender basket is $9. I asked if there was more food or anything beyond the sauce and there was not. $2 for a bit of sauce coating is a little much. However, that is truly nitpicking as I would be after their fish and shrimp anyhow! Warning: Parking can get really crazy on the weekends between boaters (the access ramp is next to the restaurant), park visitors/families, and those enjoying the area in general.
Location is perfect since we love on base. I had fish and chips and it was actually pretty good. Service is very slow and not very friendly.
Taste of Boston offers fried seafood with a great view.   Service is lax and mildly disorganized, but the waitstaff is very friendly.  Decor is basic, but the owners were smart -- there are wide windows with views of the bay (or you can sit outdoors and be right on the water). I followed the other Yelpers' advice and stuck to the fried stuff.  We started with the soups (I had the lobster bisque -- very orange, slightly fishy lobster, and my husband had the clam chowder, which he enjoyed).  Then my husband had the fried shrimp, and I had a duo basket with the whole clams and the haddock.  The haddock was very mild, and the whole clams were plump and briny.  The french fries were crisp.  I liked that there was hot sauce and malt vinegar on every table, but I wish ketchup was there too. They also have Old Meeting House ice cream available by the scoop, if your arteries haven't clogged up from the creamy soup and fried seafood and you crave dessert. I only wish this place served beer.
Okay so the Taste of Boston! I walk pass this cute little spot everytime I go to walk on the Ballast Point Pier. I must say I love Ballast and the park that they are upgrading big time It WONDERFUL with a capital W. So with this hot gross Florida weather we were walking out here on fathers day and I was craving ice cream. I heard it was pretty good so why not find out for myself right? So I did. I must say once I seen the prices for this little cafe I was like 'OMG why so much"? Well that aside the milkshake was damn good and there fries were ohh tasty. I got a milkshake, fries and a waffle cone with cookies and cream ice cream for travis. It ended up being a nice day at the park. I want to come back and try there food and have travis try the seafood and really see how the service is. Oh and the young lady seemd nice the one that cashed me out but instead of giving me my change to see if I want to leave a tip she keeps it. So I had to tell her um my change please so she could give it to me so no tip for her because she should have gave me the option.
The other day I went to Taste of Boston for their all you can eat fish special. I got the blackend Basa. The fish was good. It was well seasoned for the most part. Although on one of he peices they kinda went over board with the blackened seasoning. But I like spicy food so that didn't bother me. The reason I'm knocking them down to two start is that they are still slow as hell. Anticipating their slowness, I placed a second order immediately after recieving my first order. I still had to wait about 20+ minutes for my next order to come out. When the second order finally came I had to get a to go box as I had run out of time and had to leave to pick my son up from football practice.  In the mean time other customers arrived wanting the same thng only to be told they were out that particular item. With that I have two things I would share with the management there. 1. When you advertise an all you can eat special on a particular item. It's probably a good idea to make sure you have an adequate supply of said item. 2. When you advertise an all you can eat special, don't drag your feet on bringing the customers their order. The food is still good, if they can get their stuff together as far as customer service they would be awesome.
This used to be a must whenever I visited Tampa, but I recently went and I am sad to say it has gone downhill. The fries are always good... but the crab cake was burnt and the lobster roll we suspect may have come from a can. They have new ownership within the past year and I suspect that is the source of the downgrade in quality. The service was good and the view is spectacular, but the food is not good anymore.
S. Tampa's "best kept secret". It's located at Ballast Point Park right on the water. Sit outside and you can see the downtown Tampa horizon along with the beautiful bay. Beware of aggressive squirrels and crows - sounds kinda funny but they'll jump on your plate if you let 'em. I live in Ballast Point and have had a couple photo shoots at the park but never realized that a "real" restaurant was there. I always thought that it was the pier's bait shop. Actually a coworker of mine invited me along one day and ever since I've been hooked (haha-no pun intended). I've tried several dishes and always seem to go back to the fish-n-chips or the shrimp caesar salad. You've gotta try the seafood bisque - it's out of this world. My coworker loves to go on Mondays for the "$11.99 all-u-can-eat fried shrimp". Their breading is fresh, light & fluffy, you don't feel nasty after eating it. They serve breakfast as well but I haven't gotten up early enough to try it out yet - stay tuned, if you don't try it before me, I'll let you know.
Very good seafood place.......excellent fried food and located right on the bay so you can eat on the deck/dock  but there is minimal interior ambiance.   It shares the building with a bait & tackle shop, so that should give you a hint.   Fried is the way to go here......fish, shrimp, clams, scallops in multiple combos....with burgers available for seafood haters (and why are they here unless dragged along by family???) My wife very much liked their clams, and I went for the combo of fried stuff...foregoing lobster that was a bit pricey.  I don' need to go to Ballast Point for that New England import, even if the briny critters survived the trip..
Great location on the water and small setting.  The food was just ok. Had the Grouper sandwich and salad.  The service was wonderful and everyone was in good spirits.
Now Ballast Point Pier Is A Destination As a South Tampan, I was thrilled to see the renovation of Tampa's historic Ballast Point Pier and the upgrade of the recreational facilities. The addition of a quality seafood restaurant with a shockingly huge menu makes Ballast Point more than a place to fish, exercise the legs, and let the kids play.  This food spot makes a quick basket lunch of clams or fish with fries or an outdoor dinner watching the sunset a reality. Great food at a great location .... three cheers..  Tampa needs more good food spots on the waterfront.
Reading other reviews, I also think the food is mediocre and very small portions for the price.  Had shrimp basket for $11.99 and just wasn't that great.  The shrimp were small and weren't crispy fried and rather bland and tasteless.  The small cup of cole slaw wasn't that good either.   I think value of this meal should be around $6.99!  Service was good and friendly.
The location is tough to find but look for the signs along the coastal street. It is in front of the pier. The food was fairly good when you name your restaurant with the word Boston in it. The clam chowder didn't have any clams in it or potatoes... The fish and chips was not traditional scrod but another weird named fish, but it was still decent. The lobster roll was tiny!!! $65 dinner for 3 was steep considering the atmosphere was less than appealing...
This review is for the Wesley Chapel location, but I don't think there is any difference in menu. We went there last night for my wife's birthday with her parents, along with our son. They are all true New Englanders. Ordered at the table, Fried Clams no bellies, Fried Oysters, Fried Calamari, Steak and Chicken strips. The restaurant sports a Boston pub nautical theme and is very clean, actually spotless. The service was excellent, everyone was very friendly and accommodating. Everyone rated the seafood good, not great, but good. The steak got a rating of 6 out of 10. A little tough and tasteless. The first steak they brought out was overdone, but they quickly cooked another to medium rare, no problem. The chicken strips were just ok, a little dry and nothing special, but then again this is a seafood place. We ordered onion rings as an appetizer. They were very thin and lightly breaded, not super greasy. However, they were rather bland and flavorless, kind of a disappointment. Overall I would say the experience was very good and the food was ok. We might go back again if we are by the mall, but there are probably better alternatives in Tampa.
Great little hidden gem in South Tampa. Friendly staff and amazing views of Tampa Bay. I had the blackened haddock with sweet potato fries. Its was great. Good portion size. My boyfriend had the gator. He said is was amazing. Will definitely be returning
Stopped in for lunch the other day and glad we did. Lovely quiet setting outside adjacent to the Ballast point pier. The staff was very friendly and pleasant. They managed to keep up with my seemingly insatiable desire for sweet tea--I do live in Charleston SC, where sweet really got it's start! Had the Grouper Bites which is what I usually use to rate places close to the water--and they were excellent. Overall lunch was great and the view was awesome! Because the restaurant is located in the park they are not allowed to serve beer or wine which is the only down check--maybe the City of Tampa will abate that sorry decision, but the food more than makes up for it!
Last year Taste of Boston changed ownership and I feared it would go downhill.  I've been here several times since the change and I'm happy to report the food is as good as always.  And the views of Tampa Bay are as spectacular as ever. Mondays is my favorite as they have all you can eat shrimp.  And their Monster Burger is as yummylicious as ever.  This is one of my top ten favorite spots to eat in Tampa Bay!
I've been here once before and my parents go all the time - and the food is good. But I think their specialty is fried foods. I ordered the lobster roll, and it was paltry at best. I was so sad, and so was the serving! I ordered the sweet potato fries, and the serving size was way less than normal fries. I didn't take a picture, but it was one slice of bread with lobster in it. No sauce, 1 piece of lettuce.... Depressing. I'd go back, but will only order fried food. They're handy with the oil!
Great menu! I had the chowder and shrimp...both were great! Also has an amazing view!
Had a great meal. It is an unassuming place at the end of the road by the pier at Ballast Point Park. The fish was fresh and real flavorful. Had the Blackened Basa. Will definitely return. So good all you can eat meals. Lines and table waits have been long in the past, so plan accordingly.
Great location, the food was good.  I wasn't too thrilled with the chowder, but their lobster roll was very good.  Not over done with mayo.
cold, flavorless, tiny lobster roll on one folded piece of texas toast for $11.  Seriously??  I could get the same thing from the deli in Publix!  I will NOT go back ever.
Mediocre food but great view of the bay. Will not return
You can't beat the view and it is a weekly destination for me. The basa and chowder are very good and the wings are some of the best around. One of the best fryers in the area. You can't go wrong with the calm strips or shrimp either. It's a must do while in Tampa and I always make sure to take friends and family when they are in Tampa.
Moving from the Boston area in 2009 one of the things we missed was great seafood. My wife especially missed whole belly clams. We have found our go to place for seafood. We did like we used to up north and shared a fisherman's platter. I love the haddock and scallops and my wife loves the whole belly calms and shrimp. It was amazing even the slaw was impressive. One thing we thought was there could have been a few more whole belly clams in the platter instead of keeping the clam strips that come with the platter. Overall we will be back
