A decent small mom and pops diner with parking plenty of seating inside of the restaurant. They have different cold drinks, coffee, milk, unsweet tea. Many different kinds of food you can order off the menu.  Also they do allow smoking right outside of the door just in case you want to grab a quick smoke if you are non smoker keep in mind when someone comes in and out of the door you can smell the heavy smoke from customers smoking outside. I had the white clam chowder which was delicious some what warm but manageable abled to eat it down with some crackers and sipping on some Pepsi! When my parents got there it was busy from the people coming from the AFB and other places. Only draw back becareful about using the sugar container for coffee or something else I saw a customer eating out of the sugar container and throwing a dirty napkin in the container which was really nasty and the lady waitress just took the napkin out and didn't pick up the container to take it to the back to wash it. This is my families first time here to this place we liked it since it was very close to the AFB.  Keep in mind it's close to the base, Subway and some other businesses next to here.
The quality, flavor, and service were right on the mark. My first visit and I am a long time soul food lover. I opted for today's special fish and grits with a side of collared greens. Everything came out hot and fresh. I think I would have preferred the fish fried but ordered it grilled. A very good meal and I will return. The fish and grits could have gone a bit more low country with some cheers and hot pepper in the grits, but that's just a great dish this very good one reminded me to recall.
Great place for breakfast! I had the waffle, which was fluffy and perfect, and home fries which were nice and smashed and crunchy. Friendly waitstaff. Will definitely be back!
Went for breakfast twice,  once with daughter and once with a friend...both times it was delicious food and wonderful service. Will definitely go back, it's now one of our weekend breakfast/brunch go-to places!
We love this place. We went for Mothers Day for our first visit, and it was packed! The owner/host got us a table quickly. This is a Greek family owned business, and the food is delicious. We have gone back several times since, for breakfast only. The French toast is something I LITERALLY dream about!! We are going tomorrow for breakfast....
This place makes great corned beef hash. All the regular breakfast fare. The only thing about this place that isn't great is the seating-it's much too small. Good luck on the weekends. Unless your in a booth you will be eating with strangers because the tables are so close together. If they expanded this place it wouldn't lose the charm it would be a good thing.
Breakfast and lunch are great!  It's good to go at off peak times because it's so popular you'll have to wait a while for a table.  Definitely worth it though!
From the call-in to the final delivered product-- just not good.  What is everyone talking about? The host was short and unfriendly on the phone and in person... The food we ordered was a steak sandwich and I had a club...   The sandwich itself was fine.. Nothing great.. nothing bad...   But you can instantly tell everything was all processed and/or ordered fresh out of Sycso..   The fries had no flavor and 0 salt..  and were just taken out of a freezer bag and dropped in..   I ate one. The togo ketchup they gave us must have been 5 years old or more..  How did I know?  It came out black!   The coleslaw they served was awful..  It was just tainted and not good. That being said, my friend said the steak sandwich was ok. Eating inside reminded me of 1950's drab lifeless and boring food. My mistake.
Great local place. Doesn't look like much from the road but the servers are friendly and attentive and the food portions are generous. Only things I found lacking were the hash browns were cold and the orange juice was canned concentrate (personal preference here so not necessarily a negative). We both got the mama'a special and had more than enough food (French toast was especially good).  If you want upscale healthy, this is not your place. But if you want a place where the servers know you by name and a good home cooked breakfast, come on by. This will be part of our Sunday routine from now on.
This place was sooo soo good! You must have the homemade biscuits!!! Sausage links and waffles were really good too! Great little diamond in the rough ! Great service as well.
this was a good little spot. I had the mushroom omelette, which is just mushroom so i had them add cheese, peppers, and onions. I was initially upset when i noticed it was yellow american cheese- but i also did not specify. Anyhow it was a good omelet. I also was craving a waffle- but their waffle machine was down so the girl suggested their french toast! the french toast was awesome! I figured i would have half of it and ended up eating the whole thing! OMG! the service was fast, my server was friendly. Over all nice little spot. I don't eat out often but when i do i mostly stick to breakfast foods (love omelets), i would go back here!
Good place. The restaurant is clean. Service was excellent; one waitstaff was handling several tables as well as politely inviting through the door newbies to please find a seat and that she would be right with them. We enjoyed the food. IMO the food was superior to many highly rated restaurants. Will we return? Absolutely. Greasy Spoon? That depends, doesn't it? If generally you order a salad custom designed for a bunny and top it off with several tablespoons of "Healthy Fat Dressing?????", then referring to Mamas as a greasy spoon is disingenuous. My hash browns and omelet were both cooked with oil, but not smothered in oil. My son enjoyed his hamburger, and my wife enjoyed her gyro.
I had a previously good experience here and then came back with my parents and received dirty silverware and they gave me a mug that still had someone's fresh lipstick print on it. We all lost our appetite worrying about the cleanliness. The food was not too outstanding either. Their biscuits taste like I'm biting into a clump of flour.
For the money, you can't beat it. Good burgers, great fries, and friendly staff.  Go a few times and you will feel like a regular.
I stopped by one time to check it out since I drive by S. Dale Mabry a lot.  The soup of day tasted canned and processed, same with spaghetti and meatballs. The food definitely is not made from scratch.  The food arrived within 2 minutes after I ordered it. I was there for 15 minutes.  If you want a quick in and out meal that is pre-made then this is your place. Obviously, people like it because the lot is full some times, or it may be an old person's place since they like bland food.
Friendly staff, home-style/homey feel setup, and the food is tasty.
Food was great but unfortunately bad service is what killed this place for me doubtful I will return
Great!!! It u love greasy spoons nothing beats mamas for bunch or breakfast. I whole heartily support this place. Great service and staff are very friendly... I even got to argue about Tim Tebow (it's a good thing). Taste so good makes you want to slap your mama :)
Had the veggie omelette and got made fun of for being healthy. I had a better omelet last night@IHOP. Just sayin
In the area for work and unexpectedly stumbled on mama's.  This place was awesome. Absolutely coming back!
Nothing special but not bad
As greasy spoons go, this one was great. Service was friendly and fast, the meal was of considerable portion size and excellent quality. The best part? Like any good greasy spoon, the meal was very reasonable. If you want something quick while passing through, this is a great option.
Very good service food was awesome
I stopped by on a Sunday morning and had the best biscuit I've ever had. The hash browns were amazing.The french toast was out of this world. Everybody knows everybody it's amazing
I'm not usually hard to please when it comes to food but I was NOT impressed. Had the prices of Cracker Barrel breakfast but definitely not the quality.  Small and homey feel, but that didn't make up for everything else that was half par. Pretty overrated in my opinion.
i have breakfast and lunch on every saturday and sunday the food is always hot and cooked to my order.  there is a wide range of dishes to choose from. the staff is always pleasent even at their busy time. the oweners are always there to make sure your dinning experince is at its best. if you like soup you can always get a taste to make sure it is what you want it is all homemade by the owner . the greek salads are over the edge they add greek seasoning to give it that extra flair.
