I'll be honest, I am sort of a BBQ snob since I lived in Nashville and their BBQ is basically out of this world. Honestly in the year I have lived here I have never had BBQ except for Holy Hog at a Gasparilla party. That all changed on Friday when I decided to give this cute little place near the water a try. Kojaks is a place I have passed many times and have heard good things about, but I was never brave enough to take the leap into Tampa BBQ. Starting from the exterior, Kojaks is a really cute little place. It's rather quaint looking and just looks like it would fit somewhere in the South. There's plenty of outdoor seating on the covered patio and indoor seating as well. Since the patio was shaded, I decided to sit outside. The menu isn't very large, but BBQ menus don't need to be. I came here because I was having a strange craving for coleslaw and my #1 cole slaw place, Oxford Exchange, was closed. I ordered the pork dinner, which came with two sides, so I got cole slaw (obviously) and green beans. The cole slaw was great. Creamy and crunchy and it hit the spot. The green beans were nothing incredible. The pork was a very large size. I noticed it was a little on the dry side and I had to use the BBQ sauce to really give it some flavor, but it was still good. The BBQ sauces were pretty flavorful. There was a regular BBQ sauce, a sweet BBQ sauce and a hot one. I personally preferred the hot sauce since it had that extra "kick" to it. I'd love to come back to try their ribs, and I definitely see a return in my future.
Best ribs in town! And the apple cake is awesome too!
What a gem, You would never expect this place to be as good as it is. We yelped the place and figured since it was close to where we live we would go. The patio was nice a little hot but shady and are food was out so quick I didn't even get a chance to drink my cold beer it was AWSOME so wait for this fat girl. The Ribs are out of this world good and so are the baked beans the pulled pork sandwich was good and I know that because after eating my ribs we ordered one just to taste it. Whatever they are doing they need to keep it up. The price was not bad at all and I am looking forward to the weather cooling off because that was my only complaint then again we did sit outside they do have seating inside with air.
I took my daughter here for ribs. The ribs were decent but the sides were lacking flavor.  I liked the charm of the old house and the price was decent. Maybe I just hit them on a bad day?
Had dinner on the veranda tonight...the Grande Rib Dinner with parsley potatoes and green beans...Kelly had the smoked sausage sandwich.  Both meals were excellent, service was beyond fast!  They were friendly, and made us feel welcome.  The Sangria is not to be missed!  If your looking for BBQ, you've found the place...
The food was great and it was ready in record timing. I expected a larger portion but both the taste and service were awesome!
This place has a lot of potential, but is just so-so. The ribs were good, but a bit salty. Roast beef was bland and fairly tough. The sides: green beans are canned, which means mushy and salty with a hint of metallic taste. Baked beans were average. Potatoes were over-boiled and pretty flavorless. Desserts were terrible. The key lime pie tasted old and as if it had turned. Definitely not a four-star meal; it was mediocre at best. I gave a three only because the ribs were good.
Not only does Kojak's serve up great, consistent barbecue, but it serves up a piece of Tampa's history in a beautiful setting. There's no place else in Tampa where you can sit on the porch of a historic bungalow under gigantic oak trees and eat fantastic barbecue.I have been eating here since I was a little kid and it has always been good. Consistency is the key to good barbecue and Kojak's is consistently good. Besides barbecue that rivals some of the best in Tampa, it is hands down the best value for barbecue of this quality. Although I have tried everything on the menu, I usually always order the Grande Rib Dinner. It is half a rack of delicious smoked ribs, with two sides. It is more than enough to fill me up and it's around $14. All the sides are killer, but I always go for the green beans and macaroni salad because they're just awesome. Their sauces are top notch too. I recommend mixing the spicy and sweet together.
Another delicious meal at Kojak's!  This is our go to lunch spot, it has the most amazing ribs, I don't even bother to look at the menu any more. My husband always gets the pork - the dilemma for him is pulled or chopped. We both love the garlic potatoes although the green beansK are great too.  To be honest, everything we have eaten here is fabulous.   Service is also extraordinary. We arrived at 11 when they opened and were done by 11:30 and on our way back to work. We weren't rushed and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  They served us quickly taking our order, bringing food, and providing us with to go cups and our bill.   We look forward to returning again and again and again ;-).  !!!!!
Despite not being crazy about BBQ, I liked Kojak's. Cute little place & fastest service ever!! I ordered the quarter white chicken with green beans and parley potatoes. Delicious! I love how the chicken was smoked and didn't have sauce smothered on it. Menu is simple, which I like. I would definitely return.
Talk about southern hospitality! Great find while exploring the area. The ribs were perfectly smoky and fall off the bone! All the reviews on here about their ribs are all true! Very delicious! The chicken was also fall off the bone deliciousness but I feel it was nothing Special. Definitely get the parsley potatoes!
A south Tampa landmark! Ask anyone in S.Tampa about BBQ and you will hear Kojaks as one of the first three recommendations. But.. BBQ is as unique as the area it comes from. For instance, I am not a fan of their bbq chicken. The rub is not to my liking. But the pulled pork is so tender and juicy that you want to take lbs of it home. The sides are usual for a bbq joint with the exception of the parsley potatoes. They are PHENOMENAL! I have never had potatoes as good as they are here. The only "complaint" I do have is the portion size. If I order an entree only, I do leave hungry, but I am a big guy.. Overall Kojaks is fun, tasty and an experience that everyone should have.
Definitely a cute place to go but I wasnt uber impressed by the BBQ here. I tried the combo platter with pulled pork and ribs along with potato salad and baked beans. The ribs were good, everything is served dry with 3 types of sauces on the side. The pulled pork was watery. I don't know if it had sat all day (we got there right b4 closing) and they tried to  moisten it up or what, but it was literally soggy. Ick. The potato salad was good although no shortness of mayo there and the beans were, well, beans. Dining companion had the chicken, which was good, although a tad dry for me, but great flavor. I'd try it again, but I'd try other BBQ places first. And don't expect a glass, or a cup, for your beer.
I like many have heard of this place for years. So wife says you pick. I want to try the smoke shack. We get there wife says it looks abandoned and decides to drag me here. I personally would have gave it 2 stars because my BBQ was dry the roast beef was bland to be kind. However, the potatoes where delicious. The extra star comes from my wife who enjoyed her pulled pork and the 2 glasses of sangria but the beans were not so good. Another positive note my daughters destroyed a full rack of ribs. Prices ok, super fast and friendly service.
A group of us ate here one beautiful day under oaks trees, sitting on the outside porch. Most of our group had eaten here before and most opted for the pulled pork sandwich   I did the same but also added a small tasting of the ribs as well - one should never go to a restaurant with "House of Ribs" in the name without trying the ribs. The pulled pork sandwich was acceptable - moist and tender and, when married with a veneer of the sweet and spicy sauces, tasted much better. I came away somewhat disappointed overall. I often order pulled pork sandwiches (always hoping for the best) but have usually found them wanting.  It is generally the bun that detracts from the experience and this sandwich was no exception - I didn't really care for the buns. The ribs (a truly modest side order) were merely average but the sauces (sweet, mild and spicy) enhanced their overall appeal.  The side of cole slaw was bland but its texture added some crunch to what would have been an otherwise mushy sandwich.  Adding the sauces and the cole slaw to the sandwich made for a messy dining experience - you will have some rinsing up to do. I enjoyed this restaurant in no small measure because of the ambiance and the moment. I will try it again when I am in town and order other things besides what I ordered the first time around.  I am not sure exactly what style of barbecue I would categorize Kojak's. Another round or two of eating here would help pin that identity down. Service was very good, prompt and efficient. We got here early enough to secure a parking spot in front of the restaurant. I'm not sure where late arrivals parked but street parking seemed available.
Kojak's just looks like a place you HAVE to go to when you drive by...so we did.  They give 20% off on Tuesdays to Active Duty military.  My wife and I had the pulled pork dinners.  Meat was tender, both sauces were good but not great.  Could have used some big ol' chunks of bacon in the beans to give them that simmered from scratch feel (otherwise they just looked like beans out of a can).  Slaw was good, not too runny. The parsley potatoes were nice and buttery.  Overall, a good BBQ meal that will fill you up and satisfy with large portions.  I will return for the ribs and apple cake to give my final analysis. The staff was very friendly and even gave us to-go cups with a fresh fillup of tea.  The atmosphere made me a fan.
We ordered $200 worth of BBQ for a small birthday party this past weekend. Chris was so helpful in suggesting amounts and types of food. When we got there, he had it all boxed up and even included 3 types of sauces in squirt bottles! The food was a huge hit! We got slabs of ribs, pulled pork, macaroni salad, parsley potatoes, baked beans, cole slaw.....everyone gobbled it up and we had nothing left over! I can't wait to go back for dinner soon! Highly recommend ---awesome BBQ!
I won't reiterate the positive comments already mentioned before me, but I will agree with all of the positive reviews.  I had the combo so I could try the ribs and the pulled pork...both amazing.  For sides I had the highly recommended parsley potatoes....yummy!  The baked beans were good, but nothing to write home about.  I also had the apple cake, a la mode, and that was over the top!  Hit the spot for a great dinner.  The service was blazing fast.  I don't think I had been sitting more than five minutes and my meal was in front of me.  Can't wait to come back Tuesday for the 20% military special.  Oh, and the outside sitting was perfect temperature in the Tampa evening.  All around, a delightful evening.
Been awhile (not accidentally) Had some friends who wanted to meet here for lunch. Reluctantly agreed. Nothing's changed; great location, good service, flavorless BBQ.   And for the lady who called herself a BBQ snob: why would you give this place 4 stars when you found the pork dry and in need of sauce for flavor? Sigh.
Years ago Kojak's was a HAD TO HAVE ribs here.....in the recent past, the quality has gone a bit downhill.  But it's such a staple that I'm sure to be back. UPPING MY RATING TO A 4: This past weekend while at the Busch Gardens' Bands, Brews & BBQ event, Kojak's was one of the BBQ places and we tried the 2 choices platter.  Smoked GA Sausage & ribs.  So, the sausage, which I had never tried before, was REALLY excellent and the ribs were not quite tender but as you got closer to the bone was fabulous.  The hot and sweet sauces were wonderful and although I didn't used to like their sides, I found that their cole slaw (although a little too wet for me) was REALLY good and the baked beans were sweet but very yummy!  I was very impressed and will definitely be going back to their S. Tampa spot again!!! I do like that it's a local business that's been around forever.....and that I like to support. The prices are good too! The location is good, right off Bayshore and I like the outdoor seating. They do have great service, the staff very is nice. Throw some of that sausage and ribs on my plate and that's all I need.  I bet the pulled pork is really great too - I'll have to try that next time!
I had heard about this place for years.  We finally went last week. Was quiet on a Friday afternoon around 6ish. Nice outside so we sat on the veranda.  Service was great, food came out super fast. Ribs were hot & good not the best I have had, the potato salad was a little more Al dente than I would have liked but the beans and slaw were good.  Not sure if the bread was homemade.  Tasted more like something I can buy at Publix.  All in all we might go back and try something different on the menu to see if it's better because it's a cool spot to sit when the evenings are not sweltering hot.
We found this place while running a 15k through the neighborhood and the smell. Seriously one of the best BBQ joints I've ever been to. I had ribs everyone else had pulled pork. Everyone went away happy and full. You must have a piece of key lime pie.
Such a hidden treasure! This place has great ribs, maybe not the best but great! Apple cake was amazing ! The owners were fabulous, service was fast and efficient! I would recommend this place to anyone in Tampa :)
I visit Kojak's every time I visit Tampa.  My wife took me there my first time about 9 years ago.  They have their recipe down to a science. In the Virginia area where I live, everyone goes nuts over "Willard's" BBQ.  Well I have news for my fellow NOVA residents,  In a head-to-head competition, Willard's would come in 50th place!!!!!!! The ribs are mouthwatering unreal!........Pardon me while I wipe off some drool.! The location is pretty interesting as well....from our route we travel down Bayshore Blvd lined with million dollar mansions and just a half block off, there's Kojak's.   If you are ever in the area for any reason, and have time for lunch or dinner this is a place you visit.
My husband and I were pretty excited to try this place because he loves BBQ, but the food here was a total letdown. I had the quarter chicken plate with green beans and  corn on the cob, and he had the chopped chicken sandwich with corn on the cob. My chicken was pretty dry, and I was shocked that the green beans were straight out of a can - no salt no pepper nothing. The sides are almost the best part about eating at a BBQ place! The sauce lacked flavor and tasted ketchupy more than anything else. Needless to say we were pretty underwhelmed. On the bright side, the staff was super friendly and the cost of our meal was super cheap.
I can't lie if I wasn't a big fan of Bbq pit boys on youtube I probably wouldn't be willing to try random bbq joints but today I stop in to KOJAKS!! After seeing a bbq competition in Sam's parking lot friday night Vikki and I couldn't wait till saturday so we can go check out the competition and of course sample the food. Unfortunately we missed the cookoff by a few minutes but we still had a bbq state of mind so we decided to try kojak and man it was good. First they have a old school look inside a grandma house feel and the food matched the feel.  I had obviously ribs, potatoe salad (flawless) and a Georgia sausage a lil spicy but good. They have a couple signature bbq sauces I tired the sweet sauce it was banging. The service was very very good they was very friendly and struck up some kool conversations about my beard and Vikki's hair. Good food and service will be back
Best ribs in the city. Priced reasonably, great portions, friendly staff. Have never been disappointed.
We went after it was recommended to us and boy did we enjoy it! We had a huge rib feast ($22) and it easily fed two people plus an extra meal we took home. The ribs- YES! meat falls off the bone and their BBQ sauce is not even needed. Our first side- potato salad- tasted like a basic homemade, some crunch and creamy salad that you have at a family picnic. Our Second side- baked beans- we a great smoky sweet variety and quite enjoyable Our third side-cole slaw- was a nice cold temperature but, again, a flavor that is not anything special. The best part of our trip was sitting outside on the porch- you would think being close to Gandy Blvd would be loud, but surprisingly not and has a great oak tree shade going on.
Every experience I've had here has been amazing. The food is great (I recommend the pulled pork sandwich and the parsley potatoes), everything always comes out fast, and the staff is extremely friendly. Best BBQ that I've found in the Tampa area.
I like the looked of the place. I ordered ribs, chicken and roast beef but I was a little disappointed because my ribs and chicken had no trace of smoky taste to it. I also tried hot sausage and it was very tasty. I would come back again to try it one more time.
Probably more like a 3 1/2 for me but that is not an option. Pros:   -The ribs are really good and have tons of meat on them -The outside seating is nice as the patio is covered by lots of trees -Prices are reasonable and service was very quick -Homemade Key Lime Pie was delicious! Cons: -Sauces were pretty boring, nothing that struck me as a must add to my ribs -The sides I had (coleslaw and baked beans) were bland, I could probably make better myself Overall a good experience but I will probably be trying out other BBQ places in Tampa before returning here.
Kojak's is on the short list of true Tampa restaurant institutions. Nestled under live oak trees, this house stays cool even in the hottest Florida summer. You can eat out front on the porch, or inside in air conditioned comfort. Either way, my recommendation (which 1000's of in-the-know tampa residents agree with) is to order the ribs. They are succulent dry-rubbed perfection with a crust of sweet spices that makes them to-die-for. The sides are all fine but not spectacular. The real star is the barbecue which, by the way, remains priced incredibly low. The service is always friendly and helpful. Finally, please remember, you are in the south... There is but one kind of acceptable iced tea, which is "sweet tea".
I just got back from this place and I had to sit down and write this review out of gratitude for the kick-butt ribs these folks just gave me. Seriously, these are some of the best that I have ever eaten. They were extremely tender, St. Louis cut spare ribs with a rub on them that has a little bite to it but its not overpowering if your sensitive to that sort of thing. I suspect the ribs had been boiled, in my experience ribs this tender usually weren't cooked only in a smoker. I'm not sure they even had  their smoker going when I pulled up because you can usually smell the wood burning and that made the ribs even more impressive to me actually. I have some ribs in other places that had been sitting for awhile and you could tell....this place 'aint like that. For my sides I got their macaroni salad and their Parsley Potatoes, which, to be honest almost stole the show from the ribs they were so damn good. I swear, if I wouldn't have been in a public place, I think I would have picked the plate up and licked it clean. They were cut red potatoes cooked in butter and parsley (and some other ingredients I think he mentioned but I don't recall what my server said now) and they were absolutely exquisite. Service here was very friendly and lightning fast....my food came out less than five minutes after I ordered. Their prices are reasonable too. I got the rib dinner, which included the two sides for $11.95 if I recall correctly. However, the ribs were so good, I ordered four more bones and ate those instead of getting dessert! I highly recommend this place.
There really is no good BBQ in my neighborhood, so when I travel south I am always on the lookout to get my fix. Kojak's House of Ribs served me up some of the best BBQ I have eaten in a long long time. Kojak's is located about a block off Bayshore Boulevard in an old southern home with a great veranda surrounded by big trees full of Spanish moss. It was a beautiful autumn day in Tampa, so we sat outside. My mouth began to water just reading the menu. My pork roast was extraordinarily tender and the sauces they make are oh so tasty. Two of my friends at the table ordered sampler platters, so I was also able to try the beef roast, the ribs, and the chicken. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the meat options on the menu, although the sides were just average. Who cares though, right, it's all about the meat!?! One side note completely unrelated to the food, there was a Tampa Police Officer on the roof as we pulled into the parking lot. He had rubber gloves on and was taking pictures. I have to assume that maybe they had someone try to break in through an upstairs window to try to steal their recipes. I found it kind of funny that there was actual detective work going on at a place called Kojak's.
I thought this place was wonderful. As others have said, the location looks like it's in a swamp or bayou, not just off of Bayshore,.  The feel is very home-y.  Service is great, very friendly and fast. The sangria is fantastic. My husband had the ribs and thought they were good, although Ribit's is better.  I had the combo plate with the sausage and the pulled pork.  Both were phenomenal.  Just fantastic.  So were the sides we tried (the parsley potatoes and the green beans).  Oh, and the apple cake!  Definitely get that!
This is one of those Tampa institutions that I just don't get.  In all fairness, I've only eaten there once, but it simply wasn't my idea of good barbecue.  The meat didn't have the smokiness I expect, the ribs were extremely fatty, and it just seemed they they were using way too much sauce as a cover up for the lack of quality meat and technique. The location is pretty cool, tucked in a large group of trees at the end of Gandy.  The staff was very friendly and service was extremely fast, just not my idea of good 'cue.
I really enjoyed my ribs here. I chose the sweet sauce and it was truly delicious. I didn't like the sides, I had parsley potatos which were a bit bland and tasteless and baked beans which were also bland. The food came out very quickly, and the staff was efficent. The inside is very cramped, you are sitting very close to other tables but they had nice outdoor seating which allows for a less awkward dining experience. I will be back for more ribs.
I work very close and decided to stop in for lunch, I am a barbecue lover and by looking at the crowd I felt I was in the right place...wrong! The barbecue pork I had tasted like it was out of a package, and the sides were even less desirable. I would have given 1star had it not been for the service which was friendly and prompt. I haven't been back so maybe I went in on a bad day but I will let others be the judge! Also if you are looking for a cheap lunch, this too is not the place.      Just an observation but I noticed they had pics of local celebs and other "famous" people on their wall with pictures.  I hope they paid those people well because I would be ashamed to endorse that BBQ and heck im not even famous!
This is some of the best BBQ in Tampa!   All of the BBQ at Kojaks is slow cooked so it just falls off the bone. The BBQ ribs and the pulled pork sandwich are my favorites meals on the menu. The side dishes aren't gourmet, but the parsley potatoes and potato salad are amazing! The highlight of Kojak's is the outdoor seating on their wrap-around porch.  It is so relaxing to sit on the outdoor picnic benches amongst the Spanish moss while sipping on a lemonade or a cold beer and eating some cheap and delicious BBQ!
Mouth Watering BBQ!   The prices are just right for the amount of food.   I ordered a quarter chicken and two sides.  I was STUFFED.  The macaroni salad is delish!  My husband had the 5 piece rib dinner.  The ribs and chicken were cooked perfectly! Oh and even if you don't save room, you MUST get the apple cake with ice cream for dessert! I can't wait to go again!!!
Excellent atmosphere, Great service and amazing BBQ. Three choices of sauce at your table waiting and all of them are very tasty. a sweet, a tangy vinegar influenced, and a spicy hot bbq sauce as well. I tried a 3 meat combo and all meats were juicy and flavorful, not over smoky, just right. I had the parsley red skin on potatoes that were slathered in rich butter, garlic, and of course parsley, just outta this world! The baked beans were flavorful but mild, not overpowered with too much brown sugar and molasses. My wife says this is the best pulled pork she had ever had! Very nice! Now the icing on the cake literally was Aunt Shelby's Apple Cake, what a five star dessert served warm with a scoop of vanilla on the side. Just an all around excellent BBQ experience that  we will enjoy again over and over. Nice Job !!!!
I felt like I wasn't in Florida at Kojaks.   I felt like I was in the country on a relative's front porch....only none of my relatives cook BBQ like Mr Kojak.   Friendly staff with good down home southern BBQ.   I managed to sample their pulled chicken, pork and beef, with potato salad, green beans and their parsley potatoes.   All above average.   For some bizarre reason we were in a Sangria place and ordered a pitcher.   It was the tastiest sangria (cinnamony)...but didn't have as much booze as I am used to (or maybe i was pickled???).    Portions were generous so we didn't have room for dessert!
I am surprised by the lukewarm reviews here about Kojaks.  My whole family loves the place.   It is always part of the visit when my kids come back to town. The ribs are dry and tasty.  Dry to me is good -- no fat, no grease, and a great rub.  I love them.  They are tender and meaty and come right off the bone.  If you want to add a sauce go right ahead -- they have the sweet sauce and the mild sauce and the hot sauce -- but to me those ribs don't need it at all.  The rub is delicious and the meat is juicy.  Why mask it with sauce? I always get the potatoes and the slaw.  Both are perfect.  I don't know if they make them themselves or get them elsewhere.  The potatoes seem homemade -- nice and buttery.  The slaw strikes me as bought elsewhere because it is so uniformly chopped.  Or maybe they have a great chopping machine.  Anyway, I am getting a little off the subject here.  The bottom line is that the slaw is great too.   So when I go I just order the same Rib Dinner every time, with slaw and potatoes.  The Grande Rib dinner is usually too much for me-- and I am 6'1" 200 lbs.  With the Rib Dinner I am completely satisfied and drive or walk home with a smile on my face. One more thing:  You have never seen friendlier wait-staff or (especially) faster service!  It's insane!  They are folksy and nice without overdoing it, and the food comes -- seriously -- in under two minutes, unless they are really busy.  You can sit and sit, if you want -- the place has that vibe -- but if you want a quick meal you can get in and out of there faster than any other restaurant in town. So after a couple of weeks go by, I start to get the itch.  I say to my wife, "What about Kojaks tonight?"  She says, "Sure, babe!"  And off we go!
You know you've found a great authentic BB-Q joint the second you pull up in the parking lot. The landscaping around the restaurant would make the outdoor patio a great place to sit if it wasn't late December. The food itself is great. The pulled pork sandwich was cooked expertly and the sauce was really flavorful, but it did benefit from a little added spice by means of the sauces placed on your table when you eat. The chicken sandwich was good but the flavor could have been a little better. The side potato salad was really amazing though. The lunch sandwiches are a real steal at only $6 for the sandwich and a side. Lastly, the apple cake dessert was really amazing even without the option of ice cream on top, it was perfectly warm and the sweetness wasn't overwhelming. I can't wait to go back and try the ribs which I have heard are great.
Atmosphere is a 5.  Surrounded by Oak trees and spanish moss it really gives you a feeling of being in the south.   The food is pretty good and served fast by friendly people.   We had the homemade Sangria which was pretty good on a hot afternoon.   Fun to take someone visiting from out of town.
So, I ordered the Rib Dinner from my waitress and it was served to me in less than 5 minutes. The ribs were very, very good-- but the sides were blah.   Had to sit outside as it was way too croweded to eat inside.   I was not impressed with the overall experience, but would definitely take just the ribs to go.
I would like to start off saying that I have always had great food here and good service, but after today I do not think I will be returning. A group of us got together and ate here. When it came time for the bill everything was one one tab so we each went up to pay separately. I paid for myself and then my husband. After we had all stood in line and paid our separate tabs the lady told us there was still one meal not paid for. Then we figured out that she charged the wrong meal on my husbands card, he got a drink, so we gave her the money to make up for the difference and figured that fixed the problem....apparently not. She said we still owed for one meal. We tried to explain but she refused to think she could have made a mistake and demanded we pay. I was not going to pay twice for a meal so we kept trying to explain as she got more frustrated. Instead of doing the right thing and pulling out the receipts from her register to figure it out she told us to "just get out" and "leave". We never raised our voices or acted in a way that would justify her being completely disrespectful and rude. I have never been treated like that and don't care to ever again.
The pulled pork and sausage were awesome, ordered the slaw and parsley potatoes as my sides and they were amazing to top it off went with the famous fresh apple cake with a scoop of ice cream on top. Amazing place will for sure go back
A bit too deep into South Tampa for my normal patronage, but had to try it based on very good experience with a Kojak's in Woodville, South of Tallahassee.  Very nice setting, ample parking and made-to-order Spanish moss-draped live oaks.   The BBQ is commendable but not particularly exciting, with standard bean/tater sides.   I enjoyed the grilled sausage & pulled pork. May venture back if in the area, but will go to John's Alabama BBQ on 40th when my tooth is set for best of Q.
Kojak's is one of those Tampa institutions that has been around forever, and it gets packed.  They must be doing something right.  If you like BBQ, you owe it to yourself to come visit. If I had to use one word to describe the food, it would be "delicious".  If I could use a second word, I'd use "heavy".  This is not for the faint of stomach.  The sauces are rich and tasty, and the sides are made with real stuff. The cole slaw, potato salad and macaroni salad are heavenly.  Weight Watchers need not apply.  Everything had a rich, homemade taste to it.  Even the corn on the cob was tender and yummy   To top it all off they have a sinful Apple Cake (not pie) that is just outstanding.   If you find the BBQ sauce too heavy you can try a couple of roasted options.  Thursdays they have a sauceless pulled pork sandwich special that may suit you better, and I found the chicken not too heavy on the sauce.  The atmosphere is casual and relaxed in a restored bungalow looking building.  Service was quick and adequate, and everyone was friendly.  I am most definitely a fan!
So far my most favorite ribs. Sorry BJ's Alabama BBQ, though your food is good these ribs are on point. Good southern sweet tea and be sure to ask for the vinegar based sauce for your pulled pork made in house by one of the staff members. His own recipes and he is from eastern North Carolina. A great meal to be enjoyed outdoors. Will come again!
Pretty solid barbeque! The service is quick, the hickory smoked flavor is immense, and it had a nice ambiance sitting outside in the evening. The wait staff was friendly. The food was a solid 3 star. The sides were standard; nothing stood out to us. Kojak's would earn another star if they offered more sides to choose from, like mac n cheese, french fries, etc. Overall, a pleasant experience and they have definitely earned my business:)
Wow! We were sent here by a local and it was a great recommendation! The BBQ was amazing, as were the desserts. Super homey and awesome servers complete the package. I really loved the parsley potatoes, a must try. My husband is a hard one to please, especially when it comes to BBQ and he was over the moon. He gave lunch a grade A and then said the chocolate cake was in the top 5 for lifetime best cake. Try this place, you'll be delighted!
Food was Awesome....  I decided to eat inside as there were far too many smokers outside and the service was horrible. It was several months ago - I hope the waiter is gone - I think they got the hint when I went up to the window looking for my check as the waiter had disappeared without checking on me after food delivery, no dessert offered, no beverage refill - just gone.   NO tip for bad service!
I ate here for the first time and all I have to say is "hell yeah!" Everything was delicious and the staff was absolutely phenomenal... They made you feel like part of the family and added so much fun to the experience... I would recommend this place to everyone!!!!
New fave spot for ribs! The parsley potatoes were yummy too.
Not very impressed with the ribs , I wouldn't come here again if that's the best they have. Much better ribs to be had . Lack of flavor , to much smoke , not meaty ribs, BBQ sauce needs sweetening. Potatoes and corn were both good . Kids didn't enjoy experience at all .
No surprise they have been around since 1978!   The ribs were done to perfection, tender pulled pork and hot links that do not lie.   You can't go wrong with any of the sides.   I saw reviews on yelp about the parsley potatoes and I agree!   Wonderful.   Will be back again.
I was in town for a conference and my brother brought me here. We split two racks between three of us and had some left afterwards. The ribs were fantastic as the meat just fell off the bone. They had a nice dry rub on them that complimented the sauces well. The spicy sauce could be a little spicier but not bad. We also split a piece of the chocolate cake and apple cake with ice cream. I think I want to go back just for that. So good I highly recommend trying it. You may not think you have room, but you do. It's a very friendly home style atmosphere that is great and you'll never tire of. I definitely suggest checking it out and for sure get some cake.
As good as I have heard.
We were in town visiting friends and asked them to take us to their favorite, non chain local place. They decided on Kojaks. The shredded pork was amazing, and I loved that it came sauce-less so I could try all three sauces. Other people with us had the sausage, the beef and the half chicken. All of the meat was amazing. I wasn't overly impressed with the side options. I got the parsley potatoes which were way to buttery for me but did have a good taste after I mopped of the butter. My husband got the coleslaw and macaroni salad, both were just meh.  We split a slice of key lime pie which was amazing.
After driving by Kojaks for many years I finally had the time and desire to stop by and sample their BBQ. Glad I did because now I know I can stop again if I'm hungry and in the mood for pork. Prefer the pulled pork to the ribs but that could be my individual preference. Great to sit out on the porch and watch South Tampa drive by
Sloppy Chick & potato salad ... YUM!!!! I love this little hole in the wall restaurant! When I cheat on my diet, this is where I'll go!
I am giving this place 5 stars because you should go and these are the reasons: great atmosphere, excellent chicken/ribs, friendly/very speedy service and reasonable pricing. Their downside is their side items but it is still a very well run restaurant with excellent chicken/sausage.
Old fashion BBQ and great service, can't go wrong here.
For this northerner, pulling into Kojak's with the Spanish moss growing from the trees and the country house with the covered porch decor, I felt like I was entering Merlotte's from True Blood.  However, I doubt Sam Merlotte can make BBQ as good as Kojak's.  No wonder it is a local favorite.  The BBQ ribs were amazing and the service was friendly with the owner's relatives seemingly waiting tables.
The service is sooo great. Doors were held open for me! It goes a long way. Plus it sure helps that the place I was going to get take out from was closed. The food was good, perhaps I'll stay for dinner next time.
We love this place for take-out. Great pork ribs or chicken dinners, mild sauce on the side - but we never use the sauce. We ask for rolls instead of bread slices.  We usually get coleslaw and beans as sides. the corn on the cob is good too.
I have been coming to Kojaks for a couple of decades now. It is consistently delicious and affordable. The restaurant has a down home feeling and the staff are all friendly. For that true bbq experience you should grab a seat on the porch and order a tea or beer to go with the meal.
This was my first time at Kojak,s. I tried BBQ chicken sandwich which I don't normally order at BBQ place. The portion size was good and the food was good.  I would recommend. Potatoes are great.
I"m not a huge bbq fan so I went with the standard pulled pork. It was good but not out of this world or anything. However, the service was really friendly and I like the hometown vibe of the place. The main attraction for me was the apple cake. I will go back for that alone. In a word: appleydeliciousawesomeness.
I am a BBQ connoisseur. It is my life's quest to find the perfect bbq restaurant. While kojack's is good, I wouldn't say it's perfect. They're customer service is amazing. Their sweet tea is okay. Their ribs were pretty good. Their sides were okay. My boyfriend and I got the ribs and pulled pork. It was all good. The parsley potatoes were okay. The baked beans had a sweet spice to it and the macaroni salad was good. I would go back but it isn't the best.
Husband I and decided to finally try this local bbq place we have heard SO much about!  It is in our neighborhood and we are kicking ourselves for not trying it sooner. The scenery (minus the busy road) was fantastic...big oak trees, patio /deck style seating outside, very serene.  The service was impeccable- both of us have former serving experience and this is very hard to come by, trust me (even in high-end restaurants such as Berns.)   We didn't ever have a drink go empty , the waitress checked back with us multiple times to ensure food was good and we had everything we needed.   Food- I ordered the two meat dinner- pulled pork and chicken with a side of green beans and macaroni salad.  All was good but the pork was *slightly* on the dry side.  I forgave them because overall it was fantastic.  The chicken was amazing. My husband ordered the infamous rib dinner- it did not disappoint! He wishes it were a larger slab (about 5-6 ribs total) but thats a testament to how good they were...he wanted more!   To top it off- the value was amazing...We had two very large dinners with a pitcher of beer and the total came to under $50 including the tip.  You can not get good food, service and atmosphere for that value ANYwhere.   We WILL be back!
Terrible BBQ.  I grew up down the street from this place, and never liked their food.  Campbell's opened up a few blocks away in the late 80s and showed Kojak how to cook up some damn BBQ!
Don't go for any other reason than A, the ribs, and B, the chocolate cola cake. The ribs are good. The cake, with ice cream, is PURE HEAVEN.
While on vacation this past week one of my quests was to spend some time at Spring Training games here in Florida the only challenge was that I had a few things I wanted to get done around the house as well as it was unseasonably cold here and I know to most 40-50s sound like a head wave to me its not I looked at the schedule each morning and everyday I had been to the stadiums already for the games I was semi interested in. So instead I worked on my list of projects at home and decided I would do some Tampa BBQ tasting. I had several places I wanted to try but Kojak's had been calling me for some time. I had driven past it one day by accident turning off of Bayshore onto Gandy and whenever I see a sign for RIBs my heart always flutters a little. My favorite order on BBQ menus is Spareribs. Looking over the menu I of course was going to order ribs since I mean that is the name of the place and was trying to figure out a 2 or 3 item combination. I went for 3 what the heck I'm on vacation - Spareribs, Chopped Pork (their most popular I was told) and Chopped Beef. The Chopped came in their special blend of sauces so I assumed a rub and light sauce which was fine. The waitress - and let me say the service as wonderful. Oh I forgot - a Sweet Tea to get started as well... Their Sweet Tea was really nice - not overpowering sweet but enough you could taste the tea and the sweet... really nice. Full review with pictures: nicktoday.com/kojaks-hou…
The ribs are simply the best. Chicken is good,  and the sides are OK.  Oh,  but those ribs. . .
I'm no bbq expert, but this place kicks a$$. The food is excellent, really fast service. My experience is that the food comes out about 5 mins after ordering. This whether it's busy or not. Ribs rock, and decent portions. The sides are really tasty and good portions as well. The sausage links are a must and leave room for homemade desserts. The apple cake with ice cream is ridiculous.
Absolutely best Rib Dinner in Florida.  Try it grande sized if you are especially famished.  The sides are amazing, as are the sweet tea and apple cake for dessert.  I would drive from Orlando to Tampa just for Kojaks several times a year.  Kojaks is amazing and is a destination in and of itself.  Best ribs I've ever had... still trying to find something that comes even halfway close on the west coast.....
I could not finish the meal. Very disappointed.
Go to Arby's you'll get a better Roast Beef Sandwich, better service and the price is equivalent. Nice surroundings though-I love the live oaks trees.
Yummy sausages. Just enough spice.
good BBQ in a very comfortable setting for that country feel. their sangria rocks!
I had family come in from MD and after a long exhausing day of travel they were ready to eat.  It was a Sunday evening and I wanted a place that was open, quick and good.  I have driven by Kojak's but never eaten there.  Wow!  I have really been missing out.  We came in and experienced a wonderful friendly staff.  After we ordered, the  food came out so fast I thought I was at Jimmy Johns!  We had ribs, chicken, pulled pork, pulled beef.  A hungry carnivores dream!  Rebecca was our server and she told us her Aunt made all of the desserts except the pecan pie.  Naturally, we tried all of the desserts except the pecan pie-  delicious!  The entire experience was wonderful and my family left full and very impressed.  Thank You Kojak's!
good looking place.  good price.  companion loved ribs.  my beef sandwich was meh.  looks like they do a big takeout business
This place is just ok. Ribs were nothing special and the chicken is really good. First and last time for me but it was average so I gave it three stars, staff was friendly but I sat for a hour and had 4 different servers and no one ever offered to refill my tea.
