Seems like they just opened up but its an aight spot i brought a holster and a cool pink lipstick mase for my girl. Small store but it gets the job done,very helpful staff.
Ryan, who I thought was rude, unfriendly, condescending and generally bad for business, turned out to be the owner!! Tiffany, his wife, while mostly the calm one of the couple/owners was clearly defensive of her husband and did nothing to right a bad experience I had with Ryan. She simply justified his behavior. I will NEVER set foot in there again.  These owners have no business working in a customer focused industry.  I think the problem with this store is the owners...you can't "fix" bad owners.
My visit here started out great... knowledgeable and friendly staff and a good selection of guns. Then everything went downhill once the owner opened his mouth. An employee was showing me a Dragunov and I asked if it was repainted because there was clearly a very large paint drip on the barrel of the gun and the owner denies it ever being fired, so I continue to look at the gun and the owner shouts at the employee from across the store "Just don't touch it anymore". He later made rude comments to my wife because we bought our gun at another store and were in a waiting period to receive it and she had said she wondered if we could price match the gun using Lincoln's price (again we had already purchased the gun elsewhere, we were not screwing him out of a sale) He then said "we don't need customers like that, we want loyal customers" and stormed off. This store would be great if the owner would take some lessons from his employees or better yet just stay home and let them run it.
Normally I enjoy wandering through stores like this, but I won't ever set foot inside this store again. From the moment I spoke with the owner, my mind was set. Not everyone knows everything there is to know about firearms and ammo. That's part of what he is there for....to help educate. However, I witnessed a few instances where he was completely condescending to his customers, myself included, who had very valid questions. Prices are a little high. Have no interest in visiting a store where with poor customer service. Take your business elsewhere.
If you are female, don't bother. I read a write up in TBO about the family starting this business, made it sound warm and friendly. I wasn't acknowledged beyond glancing up at me. Nothing like, just a moment, even just a smile of acknowledgement, nothing. I stood quietly at the counter waiting for some kind of response, no, just another glance like I was bothering him. Not friendly. I just left and would never go back.
Not a bad store but definitely not worth driving out of my way for. Sparsely stocked and priced higher than most I am sure they have a clientele that seeks them out if you are indigenous to south Tampa Bay. If you have to drive more than 15 mins to get there its my opinion there are better choices.
If you enjoy guns n Ammo then this is your promised land. The store is shiny and new! The staff is amazing and the ownership is even better. It's the first store I've ever been to where management and sales have been on the same page in the store but also online. They gave a ton of online contests and fan interactions to keep them (rightfully) At the top of your mind.
Poor customer service with attitude. Too many gun shops to stop here and waste our hard earned money. Get it together Lincoln Tactical and treat service members and LE  -one of main customers right.
