I've been one time. I would to go again but don't think I'll have another opportunity. Ask for cap'n SEAN. He was a fantastic tour guide and a damn funny dude. My gf and I had a blast. River ventures puts out a great vibe all the companies help out each other so I can't stack them above the rest and I can't say I doubt you'll have a bad experience but If you actually get a chance to touch one of the manatees like I did it will be something you will never forget.   A+ Five star rating A ten a f*****g 10 What else you want? If you don't have fun- slap yourself- you're just not a fun person.
Absolutely amazing!  Affordable and fun for any age. Ed was our guide and he made sure we all saw and even got to get up close to the manatees which was quite a task on this warm February afternoon. We were even lucky to see a baby nursing!!! The staff was great and I love that they educate before taking you out. You can definitely tell other companies don't. We have traveled all over and this is in our top 5 favorite ventures so far!!!!
Holy sea cow!! * Only $45 and 2 hours from Orlando (You can't do this anywhere else!!) * Floating & snorkling with them rather than swimming * included comp. simple donuts, coffee, wetsuits, and snorkel masks & floations * You don't have to know how to swim to go in the water * Winter is the best time to go! * water is 70ish degees, although you will be freezing once you're back on board. * Captain Mike was wonderful, he was humorous and not only a great guide but truly cared about the manatees and their well being, as well as watched out for each member in our group. I had trouble snorkling and Captain Mike would help me with my mask and even towed me (via his foot) to the manatees and to the Springs.. super nice and super patient with all my struggles haha. He really made sure each person got to interact with the manatees and I really appreciated that. * For animal lovers worried about the well being of the manatees- the captain makes sure guests interact properly with the manatees such as only touching them with one hand, etc and he really ensures that we weren't going into the designated rest area for manatees who wanted to just be alone. What I saw during my trip: * bulls (male sea cows) thrashing in the water to mate * mama & baby nursing * lots of manatees What's it like? You basically float (dead mans float) trying to make as little/no noise as possible. The manatees tend to be naturally curious and before you know it, it may be right under you and they are hugeeee but so gentle and sweet. Some even give you kisses. Truly amazing :) and get the CD! The pics are great!
Today was our second trip to swim with the manatees and we were not disappointed. This company is first rate... Captain Mike was fantastic! We choose this company both times and will do so again when we return. First rate service and first rate care of the wildlife refuge and manatees. If you are near crystal river this is must do- price is great and it will be an experience you will never forget.
We had a great time and our guide, Greg, was equally attentive to us as he was with the manatees.  He also took tons of photos which were available on CD for an extra $15.  I bought the disk and luckily he's a decent photographer too. They offer a military discount and even though a couple of us weren't active duty, we all got to save $5 apiece.  Though it's best for them if you ask for your discount when you book.
Mike was a great guide, and did his best to ensure we had a great experience.  We mistakenly took the 9:15 trip, and the springs were filled with dozens of people, which was frustrating.  This tour truly explains the right and wrong ways of interacting with the manatees, whereas others were ridiculously crowding around them, stirring up the water and being loud. Thank goodness Mike took us to a different spring where there were fewer people and we had a manatee come to us, and interact.   Fabulous!!! My downfalls were that there should be a minimum age required.  We had an 8 or 9 year old on our trip, who couldn't snorkel well, was splashing all around when the manatee was present and was just an annoyance.  I love kids, but this was an inappropriate place for kids of that age.  I also think the boat captains should be aware which springs are busier than others, to avoid the large crowds. Definitely a great experience, but should be done for the right reason of enjoying the manatees while recognizing what a valuable asset they are to our ecosystem.
Our guides guys name was Glenn. He did great in January 2012. Our family had a wonderful time. Thanks for your passion for treating this animal with respect. Our kids were 6, 10, and 12. One reviewer didn't think it should be for kids, but that's ridiculous. Our children were very quiet and respectful. I got a great picture of me swimming up from the bottom of a spring to meet my 6 year-old son. Priceless. Glenn probably isn't a photographer, but he did great getting pictures so all we did was have fun! Seeing a few other companies there made me glade we chose River Ventures. Some of their guides didn't even get out of the boat and they didn't teach their guest about the animal and how to respect it or how to be still so they would come to you. My kids were disappointing that we didn't' "swim with the dolphins" but after I told them they could swim for 2-3 hours with an animal in the wild, or for a few short minutes with an animal in a tank, they understood. A MUST do and do it with these guys when you do swim with the Manatees.
I went with the Bestie for this experience.  We had a great time.  It was recommended to go to the earlier session - which was quite a drive if coming from Tampa.  The set up was great.  Went in and got our wetsuits fitted.  Mine fit great, but the bestie's was a little tight.  There isn't really sizes, and it is hard to tell what fits well if you haven't ever worn a wet suit before.  They had nice change rooms (stalls with shower curtains), we wore our suits under our clothes.   We went during the summer months, and therefore there were not a ton of manatees.  We definitely saw 3 or 4 manatees during our swim.  The water was cool year round - hence requiring the wetsuit.  First time you see 'the cow of the sea' it is intimidating.  These guys are huge!  When I first got in the water, it was a lot to get used to - the snorkle, the wetsuit, floating, and then you see your first manatee.  A 3000 lb animal getting ready to surface from underneath you.  This is a very cool experience.   Our boat captain was very knowledgeable about manatees and wildlife in general.  He was an avid alligator wrestler and no - I am not making this up.  This led to very interesting discussion on the boat to and from manatees.  I definitely recommend this trip - it was a once in a lifetime experience, unless you come back of course.
Kristy and I, along with my two boys, did the swim with the manatee tour.  We went around Labor Day which is the "off season".  You will not get the experience you see in some of the pictures associated with manatee tours. We had some difficulty finding these animals and were a little nervous that we wouldn't get to see them at all, let alone swim with them. Ultimately, we were able to find some calves hanging out in a cove area in very shallow water.  However, it was impossible to see them underwater.  We waded into waist deep water and the manatees would swim by and rub up against us.  They would pop their heads out of the water, too. It was one of the highlights of our trip.  Donovan was our tour guide and he was fantastic.
A group of 5 of us made it down over the Holidays to resolve an oversight I made in high school: I hadn't swum with the manatees! To be honest, we knew nothing about the various vendors, and went by reviews and pricing. I got a good vibe from River Ventures. While the early show with the manatees was pretty seriously early (up by 5:15 from our campsite a little ways away), it was worth it. The morning was incredibly foggy (we drove 30 mph up 19), which lent an extra surreal atmosphere to the day. Getting there while nature was waking up was pretty special. To be honest, it was all pretty special. Greg was an excellent guide, who put proper emphasis on respecting the manatees and our privilege of swimming with them. Good mix of chill guide with the authority of the captain, which is a hard line to tread. He handled well the two members of our boat (one in our group) who were uncomfortable in the water. One (ours) opted for a lifejacket, one for a noodle. My only criticism of the trip was that the noodle person wasn't pushed to be in a life jacket. He seemed to be really struggling, which diverted some of the momentum from the rest of us. Our member, in a life jacket, handled it super well. That said, sharing is caring, and everyone enjoyed themselves. The picture CD is 100% worth it. Free hot chocolate is a must after the cool water! Already making plans to return with some family friends, so that they can meet the Floridian sirenians.
They have good and friendly service in FL. I had wonderful experience with Manatee here! No hidden charge. Warm shop, warm hot chocolate and cookies. Well worth visiting them and swimming with Manatees
Go here to view manatees! I went to the 6:15 tour and we had Captain Steve. The conditions were great, but manatees were few and far between. Then our boat broke down and we waited 45 min to get picked up by another boat. Why 5 stars you might ask, they took us out on another boat, we found manatees, and had a great experience. They absolutely made sure we were satisfied. They even threw in a free copy of the photo CD for the morning trouble. Great experience and very professional staff!
ohmygoodness!! This is some of my best spent money ever. Even though I'm on a semi-strict budge in my travels the $45 experience plus $16 picture cd was the most worth my money. I freaking swam with the manatees. I snuggled with them. They kissed me and hugged me and I think we are in love!!! Captain Sean was so informative and funny. He really made sure everyone had the best experience. Actually, the whole staff was absolutely amazing!! I signed up online and got the confirmation email. But, about two weeks out I decided I wanted to move my swim date so I called them up and they were so efficient and helpful about changing my date. In the confirmation email they are very clear that you have to be on time because the timing is key to being with the manatees. They make sure you know that you should be at the shop by 6:15. I set my alarm for 5:30 to give myself plenty of time to get situated and dressed. Well, at 6:37 my phone woke me up. It was a call from River Ventures and boy was I late!! I told them I could be there in five minutes, threw all my stuff together, ran to my car and got lost! So I called them and told them I understood that they would have to go on without me and that I wouldn't be able to make it in time. "Nonsense," they said! And they guided me there via phone. AND, since I missed the instruction video, they gave me a run down of the rules while I was on the phone. When I got there I ran inside, they quickly threw me into a wetsuit and handed me a clipboard with my receipt and a waiver to sign while I was on the van. It was a harried morning but it was so nice of them to make sure that I was still able to have the experience I so wanted. It was nice and way above the call of duty. I really appreciate it. Once on the water Captain Sean told us all about the area and how we can get close to the manatees. You aren't allowed to approach them because they are endangered. You must float around without making any noise or moving until they approach you. It seems like it won't work but it totally does. They get so close to you and then they kiss you and hug you. It's beyond cute and absolute perfection. I had one that was so into me he started eating my hair. His name was Chester. And we are pals for life. I think you can see that this was such an incredible time. River Ventures did everything they could to make sure I had the best experience. I'm so grateful to them and Captain Sean for getting me to hug a manatee. I'll never forget this day.
I had a really nice time at River Ventures with my family. Our boat captain got to know each of us personally. At first, we didn't think we were going to see the manatees. Then, my brother ended up spotting one. Another one showed up but swam away. Even though there were quite a few of us, we ended up each getting individual time with "Bullwinkle" the Manatee. We even got to watch him graze. The water in this time of year was murky, but overall I had a great experience.
Must do! Turtles, tarpon, snapper, springs, hot chocolate, personal tour guide, oh and manatees!!!!  This trip was amazing and affordable.  Great for the kids, great for the whole family.  We will definitely be doing this again and bring guests the next time.  Captain Sean was terrific!
Had a great trip with Captain Sean during the (off season) month of August. We saw several manatees and were able to watch them and touch them.  None of those awesome face to face encounters, but still a fun experience. Sean was curtious, funny, knowlegable, and very responsible.  The other family on our boat was very nice.  Their kids and ours were all well behaved.  And the picture CD is great.  I planned ahead of time to buy it based on other reviews, and that freed me up from having to deal with my own camera. After probably an hour with the manatees in the bay, we headed to the Three Sisters Springs (no manatees there this time of year), and I took my camera in there for some nice pictures and videos of the fish, etc. Everyone in the office was great, too.  And the shuttle driver.  Very well run business.
Had a great trip with Captain Sean during the (off season) month of August. We saw several manatees and were able to watch them and touch them.  None of those awesome face to face encounters, but still a fun experience. Sean was curtious, funny, knowlegable, and very responsible.  The other family on our boat was very nice.  Their kids and ours were all well behaved.  And the picture CD is great.  I planned ahead of time to buy it based on other reviews, and that freed me up from having to deal with my own camera. After probably an hour with the manatees in the bay, we headed to the Three Sisters Springs (no manatees there this time of year), and I took my camera in there for some nice pictures and videos of the fish, etc. Everyone in the office was great, too.  And the shuttle driver.  Very well run business.
This was so much fun! Our guide Steve was great and got us to good locations to swim right next to the manatees, we were a bit cold but it was totally worth it. We did the 9:15 trip and we swam next to and touched 4 or 5.
Our family of four, parents and two young adult daughters, did this tour in Feb, 2014. We did the early 6:00 AM tour and had a blast! Our captain, Donovan, was great and knew exactly where to go to find a large herd of manatees. It was very educational and very focused on the safety and security of the manatees and sooo much fun!!! The manatees are so gentle and curious and absolutely amazing! This was the highlight of our trip to Florida (and we also did Disney and Universal, which says a lot!). Crystal River is a very nice place to visit. We wished we had more time to spend there.  We highly recommend River Ventures for this exciting experience. They are a very organized group from the pre-swim intro to the water ! Thanks so much to all of you!
Sean was our guide, very knowledgable and passionate about the welfare of the manatees.  We saw about 50 when we went on the 6am tour, and it was hard it getting overly excited and staying calm, and waiting for the manatees to come to you.  Once in a lifetime trip, highly recommend!
I went with my sister-in-law and this was her second time going. I am 8 months pregnant and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Our captain's name was Mike Burns, not only was he knowledgeable in the wildlife and area but he was super helpful to me as well. I was having a few issues floating and he took the time to help me and pull me back in the group and more. He was always on the lookout for my whereabouts and was there if I needed him in an instant. I really appreciated that. I got to experience petting a very large manatee and had a face to face encounter with a baby one as well multiple times who just wanted to be pet. So it was an out of this world experience for me. I would do this again in a heartbeat! We even took the time to go see Three Sisters Springs which was breathtaking! Don't even hesitate to book with River Ventures. The staff and experience were both amazing! A+
Great day on the crystal river with the manatees.  Our guide mike was very knowledgeable and friendly.  We had a group of 5 and spent an hour and a half with one baby manatee them swam in a spring before returning to the dock.  Although the water is murky during the summer months, it is still a great FL outing.
This was the best part of our Orlando trip! Well worth the price of admission and beyond. The captain was very knowledgeable and the entire staff was super friendly and helpful.
Absolutely a must do!! Great outfit and Captain D did a fantastic job of guiding us. Swimming alongside these magnificent creatures was a spiritual experience. So peaceful and beautiful to watch up close and underwater.
This company knows what they are talking about.  Great tours and we see manatees every time we go on a tour. Any time we are even remotely around Crystal River we will go back
It's the most fun I've had with my face in the water!  Captain Larry made us all very comfortable.  The picture cd is a wonderful addition to my picture file.  Our fellow swimmers were very pleasant and friendly.  We hope to visit again!
Had a wonderful experience.  Couldn't have been better. Captain had great personality and we saw lots of manatees on 7:00 am trip.
This was amazing. My family rented a private tour with Captain Ed. He was SO Amazing. You can't get any better. We were super lucky to find manatees and (a little baby one) right away. While Summer is not the best season, I thought it was wonderful. This is a MUST SEE.
Even though it was off season for the manatees we did get a chance to see a momma and baby and was able to interact with one manatee in particular for nearly 20 minutes. Captain Mike was AWESOME!! We plan to ask for him when we go again this winter. We had a great time! My suggestion would be for River Ventures to offer an 'adult only' boat, as I see there are other reviews that indicate the unruly behavior of children on their boat. I would pay extra for an adult only tour. We went for the 9 am tour on October 17...not exactly prime manatee season but nice nonetheless. Please note that they don't guarantee an encounter....so don't be disappointed if you don't get a chance to see or interact with one. But, overall, the scenery is nice, the springs are beautiful, the staff and captain are knowledgeable, and you might just see a dolphin and Bald Eagles...which we did.
Wonderful experience! About 1 hour 45 minutes from Orlando it is well worth the trip . Only $45 for about 2.5-3 hours of time in the water / on the boat. We went in beginning of Oct, the off-season.  Water was murky but Captain Steve was sure to find us manatees to interact with including a baby. Would like to come back sometime in mid December or January when there are some 900 in the water. Recommend as a great wholesome adventure for anyone!
We went to River Ventures of a cold and rainy early October morning in hopes of swimming with the manatees, a dream of mine since elementary school. We get to the place and watch a video about how to interact (or not) with manatees and then were fitted for our wet suits. I was originally given one that didn't fit well in the chest area (couldn't breath) and the second one was a little too big, but at least I could breath. After we get into the wet suits, we all piled into a van and were driven to the end of the road to get on a boat. Apparently since it was a cold and dreary day, they were having trouble locating the manatees, but we were lucky that a tour before us was able to find a mother and her calf so we were taken to that spot and got to go in the water to see the manatees. Even after all my years of seeing pictures of manatees and snuggling up at night with my manatee shaped pillow that's 15+ years old, I never imagined the size of these animals, they are huge!!  We got to watch them in the water for a long while, the mother was eating and the baby was playing. At some point the ignorant guy from one of the families touched the baby when he shouldn't have and the baby quickly swam away and so did the mother. We also went to check out the "three sisters" springs, and while there weren't any manatees in there, there were lots of fish and other water creatures to look at. There was also a spot where the erosian caused a section of forest to fall into the water and that was a pretty cool site. Anyways, I'd highly recommend it and our captain, Captain Jerry, was really nice and knowledgeable. We hope to go back in the future in one of the colder months when more manatees will be there.
Today I got to experience River Ventures' Homosassa Tour and let me tell you, WELL WORTH IT! As always, you just can't beat the staff at River Ventures. Warm and welcoming, knowledgeable and friendly, and always caring. I was lucky enough to go on the 6am tour and I have to say, to get the full experience manatees have to offer, the earlier, the better. We got into the water just after dawn as the manatees were waking and becoming active. We had two helpers in the water from River Ventures while the wonderful Captain Mike stayed on the boat to help guide swimmers to the nearest manatee. All equipment was spic and span as usual and in top notch condition. The water had good clarity and most importantly, plenty of manatees. These manatees don't get quite as much human interaction and are therefore very curious about the human bobbers oggling back at them. The T's were ready for some good scritching and absolutely loved being near us and interacting with us. Some even became playful, using mouths and flippers to explore me. I've lost count on how many times I've been at this point but this had to be the absolute highlight of all my visits. Just gets better every time. You have to definitely experience both Crystal River and Homosassa without a doubt. Another perk of the Homosassa tour is the wonderful relationship between Riverside Resort and River Ventures. If you want to make that early tour but don't want to get up that early to drive, you can always stay overnight at Riverside and be 20 steps from the dock when the alarm goes off. River Ventures is a one of a kind tour company. You just don't see this level of ownership, pride and customer service with any other company. Call now and book with them. They're filling up as the water gets chillier and the manatees head to the springs for the winter. It'll only get better and better!!!
I had a wonderful experience with River Ventures. Although I went towards the end of the season (end of March) it was a lot of fun! Glenn our guide was very knowledgeable about safety procedures, how to respect the environment and the animals, and about wildlife in general. I would highly recommend this company and would love to go again during peak season (december/january).
Great! Captain Glenn was great. We saw other charters but  river adventures was courteous, efficient, knowledge and truely cares about your experience and nature! Totally worth the money and drive
Returning from our extra long weekend in Cedar Key, we wanted more. No one was ready for reality yet. A diversion! Yes, go swimming with the manatees. I have had the ease of doing this before, but no one else in our party had ever had the opportunity & were chomping at the bit. What a great time. These magnificent mammals and us, what a site. They are so beautiful and majestic,  I love them. A great time was had by all. New adventures, new experiences and memories with friends, pricelss! Now it truly was time to head back to reality, what a bummer. What's a girl to do?  Enjoy every moment and try new experiences.
Swimming the the manatees is a once in a lifetime experience! I took the tour with River Ventures earlier this month, and unfortunately, there were not as many manatees as I hoped. However, after communicating with the staff, they were very cooperative and extended me a voucher to come again during peak season (January/Feb). The customer service and professionalism at River Ventures definitely one-ups the other tour companies. I would advise to bring your own camera. The photography skill level of the different boat guides vary, so if you are particular about photos, take your own!
I fell in love with manatees in the third grade, when I had to do an assignment over an endangered animal. After 15 years of manatee love, I decided to take the plunge and check swimming with them off my bucket list. My SO and I just took a trip to Florida (from Texas) specifically to swim with the manatees, and it was worth every cent. River Ventures is an extremely professional, fun, and respectful group. When you get there, you watch a video about behavior with the manatees. You suit up in your wet suit and head out to the boat. We had Capt Sean and Capt John. They were excellent! Capt Sean really cared about the animals and was quick to tell people on other tour boats on the water how to behave around the manatees. I really respected that because swimming with manatees is a privilege, and it just takes one  person to ruin it for everyone. Despite not being manatee season, we saw about ten -- including a baby! The water was crystal clear and fresh. We spent about 15 minutes watching one sleeping manatee. What an incredible experience! We also spent some time swimming in Three Sisters Spring. The photo CD at the end was about $25, but it's a great investment! Gift shop had a wide variety of manatee related items. You have time to browse after the tour when waiting for the photo CD.
I Like that place..
Nice facilities! Wonderful staff! They care about the manatees and they care about their customers! Highly recommend if swimming with manatees is on your list. Reasonably priced, too!
Great all around experience! Captain Sean was amazing and the whole crew back at the office made everything relaxing and enjoyable. They all really love the manatees and respect them. I was luck enough to have a manatee roll over under me and give me a little hug, feel so lucky!!! If looking for the best experience in Crystal River on a manatee tour feel confident with this group. Next we'll be back for scalloping. We stayed at best western in crystal river (very close) and went to 6:15 tour then back for lunch on deck over looking whew we saw some of the manatees. Worked perfectly!
My fiancee and I came up for a weekend visit to swim with the manatees and do some general exploring. Everyone at River Ventures was wonderful. The price is fantastic and Mike our captain was the best. It's HOT here in Florida in August, and looking for manatees on that sweltering boat without Mike's banter would've been hell. Had a great experience snorkeling with Furby, and the three sisters springs took my breath away. I can't wait to come back up in the winter to do it again!
Quick Summary: What a great trip! We learned a lot and saw a lot and had so much fun while doing it! Wanting to show my wife a unique time in FL, I decided to take her out to go swimming with manatees. She was a bit intimidated at first, but after I told her they were herbivores, she warmed up some but still was a bit hesitant.  After the trip though, should couldn't get enough of our time in the water with them. Our captain, Ron, was very friendly and did a great job of getting us some time with the wonderful animals. Though there were two other boats from the same group out at the same time as us, he took us off on our own to so we could get a more intimate experience. And we were in luck when we found a bunch (5) of them right by Three Sisters Springs! Captain Ron also took us up to see the springs, which was amazing since the water is so crystal clear! This was a bit of an unexpected surprise, since it was on my own list of things to see, but I got to see it on the same trip as the manatees, so two with one stone! Yays :) There just wasn't anything I could criticize about the trip, including the 545am wake up to be there on time, it was all worth it. We got very up close to the manatees and had lots of time watching them grab some breakfast :) Here are my recommendations: 1) Definitely take the 0615 tour. Earlier means less people in the water. Our boat only had 6 people, which was really nice. But as we were getting ready to finish our time on the water, about 3 other tour boats with 8-10 passengers each came to our spot, and a few kayakers too... this puts a lot of people to see a few animals. The number of people could stress them out too, which increases the likely hood they'll dart away, and you'll be bumping around with lot of other people. 2) Go in winter if you can. I consider us very lucky to have seen 5 manatees in the same bunch, but winter seems to be the season they like to visit the intercoastal waterways. (And go on a weekday too!)
I had a day off on my work trip so I decided - what better way to spend my Saturday than swimming with manatees! So based on the reviews I read here and elsewhere, I went on a manatee tour with River Ventures this morning. I had a FANTASTIC time! There were a number of us there, including two groups with children. I really appreciated that they placed the two parties with children on one boat and put the adult parties on another - I think the kids probably had much more fun with each other and those of us without children were better able to enjoy the tour and each others' company. Our guide was Captain Rick. He was friendly and really knowledgeable about the best places to see the manatees. We got very lucky and seemed to find them before anyone else which meant we got to enjoy plenty of time with them with our small group before the other tour companies discovered us! About 15 minutes into the trip we found our first manatee - a young one who was feeding in the nice clear water near the springs. We spend a good amount of time floating and watching him before setting off to see if we could find some more. As we headed to three sisters one of our group members spotted one right near the bridge. It turned out to be a pair - a HUGE momma and her very playful baby. We were all able to watch the mother feed and got some fantastic play time with the baby, who was very interested in us and wanted to get right up face to face. He was a big fan of belly rubs as well and would swim up and roll over on his back for some attention. It was AMAZING! On the way back we even spotted some dolphins near the marina and got to hang out and watch them feed for awhile before heading ashore. All in all a fantastic trip - I'm planning to come back and do it again when I'm back in town in January! I would highly recommend River Ventures - they did a great job from beginning to end and showed us a wonderful time while maintaining respect for the manatees as well.
I was visiting family in Tampa and seeing a manatee was on my bucket list for the trip. My aunt found River Ventures and we took the 9:15am tour on a Sunday in July. The temperature was comfortable and the water, while a little stirred up, was still clear enough to see. Captain Donovan was great! So knowledgable and a great guide. There were only 8 people on our boat and he steared us away from the other boats and found us a manatee almost immediately (which was lucky since most of them migrate elsewhere during the summer). We got in the water and had him to ourselves for an hour. It was an amazing experience for everyone in our group, which included kids and adults, locals and tourists. I want to go back in winter because we hear that's when all the manatees will be there. Once in a lifetime experience and highly recommended.
I'd wanted to do this for such a long time and I finally did! I went out on the 6 am tour and it was great! Donovan was our tour captain and he was excellent. He knew the manatees and the area really well. He had great tips and his instruction on how to handle the manatees and what to do and not to do to make them come out and play worked wonderfully. Make sure that you go on the 6am tour so you can see the manatees when they are waking up!
I paid for a private tour which was not necessary in the summer. I overpaid. We saw lots of manatee but photographer could have taken better shots considering, The cd is full of filler photos which I took my time to delete. We didn't spend the amount of time in the water that the tour company said we were to have, The guide was rather lack luster All of the companies go out to the same area so I don't think It matters who you choose. In fact I'm thinking smaller outfits would be way better due to fewer people on their boat
River Ventures runs scalloping trips during the state mandated season.  My sister and I took a scalloping trip and cannot say enough about how fantastic it was!  Captain Sean was professional, knowledgeable and personable.  He took us to three prime locations for our scallop harvesting adventure.  We nearly caught our limit (state mandated).  Captain Sean took some great photos and we purchased the disc when we returned to the Tour Center.  The Girls in the Tour Center were pleasant and helpful.  I would recommend this trip!  Worth the time and money.  Lifelong memories!
The crew at River Ventures are awesome!  We went for our manatee swim on 1/8/14 and had an amazing and unforgettable time.  I have to admit, it was only 35 degrees out when we arrived at River Ventures in our winter coats, so I was a bit skeptical the experience would be a good one.  I am so glad we didn't back out because of the cold. On our way out to the spring, Captain Rick talked to us about how to treat and respect the manatees.  When we anchored near the spring, we could already see manatees in the area.  As soon as we got into the water, we immediately forgot about how cold it was outside and got caught up in how amazing the manatees were.  At one point I think we had 10-12 manatees around the four of us.  Captain Rick was in the water with us every step of the way to make sure we were comfortable.       We had such a great time and memories that we will never forget.
Capt Steve was the best!!  Worked hard to find manatees we could be near.  He got in the water with us to show how to behave around them,  and talked us through where to swim and be still. The picture cd is worth it!  Steve took photos in the water and out and did a great job.  He was super nice and very informative about the area, the manatees, and conservation. It was an amazing experience!!  We will be back.  Highly recommend this company.   The gift shop had great shirts and souvenirs.  Staff was friendly.
This place is top notch! Not only do they really care about the manatees, but they also really seem to care about their guests. Everyone was so friendly, even at 6 in the morning, and the complimentary coffee and hot chocolate is a great touch. Captain Ron made sure we had a great trip, even though it was very late in the season and there aren't so many manatees hanging around any more. We were the only ones on the tour who had  never been snorkeling before, and he was really good about explaining the process for us. We found a mama, who kind of ignored us but didn't mind the occasional petting, and her baby, who really loved the attention. The little guy (or girl? I don't know, I couldn't tell) was so friendly, and must have thought my fingers were snacks and tried to nibble on them. It tickled and it was adorable! We also got to see a couple of dolphins, which was a nice bonus! The price was super fair for the amount of fun we had. I'd highly recommend this to everyone. This crew rocks!
This was my dream come true. Manatees have been my favorite animal since a child and I spent years at sea world wishing I could have this experience. I had captain Donovan and he was great. Very knowledgable and patient, moving the boat around to the best spot. For being in winter we saw multiple manatees and I even saw a mother nursing. The experience from beginning to end was perfect. If I ever get blessed to come back in winter I will only come here.
If I could give this place 10, 15, or even 20 stars I would.  I loved it that much - it was an AMAZING experience.  Our guide was Capt. Steve and he was very nice, knowledgeable, and patient.  You're not guaranteed a great experience because the manatees are wild animals and you're in their environment.  It's their choice if they interact with you and our group was lucky to get a lot of interaction with some sweet baby manatees.   The price is amazing.  For $45 you're provided the wet suit, goggles, snorkel, and a 3-hour tour.  During the entire encounter, Capt. Steve snapped away like a paparazzi - taking pictures from the boat.  It gave a perspective that you didn't see from the water.  They put all the pictures on a CD and you could buy it for $15.  I thought this was a great price because there were nearly 70 pictures on the CD.  This also allowed you to enjoy the experience without feeling the pressure to take pictures.   My tour was in October and there were several manatees in the river.  He told us in the winter, there are between 400-900 manatees.  I will definitely be back again..and again...and again.  I can't say enough how much I loved this experience.
I chose River Ventures based on the reviews on Yelp... We were not disappointed! From the moment we arrived at their office, we were impressed with their professionalism and preparedness. Once we headed out on our scalloping tour, Captain Sean was awesome. He took us to four different locations where we snorkeled for scallops, gave us tips for finding them, and even went down searching for scallops so that we could take home more. The groups for scalloping are limited to six, so I never felt crowded like I have on other snorkeling trips. While on our tour, Captain Sean told us about the area and stopped the boat occasionally so we could view wildlife, including birds, dolphins, manatees, and turtles. At the end of of our tour, he showed us how to clean the scallops. I liked it that even "weak" scallopers got to take home some of the boat's catch; we definitely had enough for everyone despite the predictions of a local guy we'd talked to the night prior (he said it wouldn't be worth our while). Needless to say, he was wrong!! We'd absolutely recommend River Ventures, specifically Captain Sean, for any tours they offer... Great experience!!
We went on Saturday on the 915am tour. We were able to swim with and see several manatees. you can't go wrong for $45 for 3 hours. This is definitely better than any amusement park. And we made memories that will last a life time. Definitely recommend doing this while in Florida. We were lucky it was all adults on our tour and I was really glad about that. I do not think this is an appropriate tour for kids because if you are noisy or cannot swim well you will scare away the manatees and ruin the trip for the rest of the people with you. I did not like the fact that there are several companies that also do the same tours and they have no problem dropping anchor and joining your tour. Of course this is not the fault of River Ventures as nobody owns this body of water so it is free for all. if i were to say one thing about how they do things I was not impressed with them calling each other and telling them that they found manatees and then those boats would come running over too. im sure they dont have this problem in the winter when there are hundreds of manatees in the area but we still had a blast. Just make sure you don't get on a boat full of kids.
I will never use another company after my experience here. The staff is friendly, genuinely excited to be doing what they do, informed, and willing to go the extra mile to ensure you have the most fun and safe experience. Mike, our Captain and Marine Biologist, is superb! Request him if you can! He is funny, genuine, and an extremely accommodating and educated individual. He helped my friend feel secure in the water and have thorough instructions on how to and not to interact with the manatees. I was able to see mating, sleeping, eating, and nursing manatees all in 3 hours! I plan to come back every year for as long as I can. This is an experience I will not soon forget.
If you are anywhere near Florida you have to check out Captain Sean and River Ventures. We took a day out of our trip to DisneyWorld and went down to the Crystal River to Swim with the Manatees. It was a truly spectacular experience. We showed up and watched a safety video, had a quick Q&A, were fitted to our wet suits and then packed into a van and sent to the dock. Once we arrived to the dock we were met by our captain who gave us a quick safety brief and life vest and then we headed on our way out to the the river. Within minutes we were in the water floating with Momma and baby manatees.
I do this everytime i go to florida to visit my family . The captains are so nice . Getting to swim with the manatees is such an amazing experience and i suggest everyone to do it atleast once . Captain Sean was amazing and i had an older guy the year before that but i dont remember his name . Affordable, amazing, worth it !
Really great place. Everyone here was incredibly nice and knowledgeable, and made this lovely experience even better. Our Captain/Guide was Donovan, and he was funny and full of information, and took some great photos. Because it was the off-season, it took us a while to actually track down some manatees, and for a little bit we were getting a little frustrated. But then Donovan got a call from a buddy that there were several manatees just chilling and hanging out in some clear waters. We went over to check it out, and there they were. They were happy to hang out with us and play, didn't seem to mind being surrounded by 10 people. And then we had to leave. :( As we were swimming back to the boat, Donovan yelled at my husband and me and another guest to stop swimming (uhoh?) because there was a baby following us. Awww! He came over and chewed on the anchor rope, and we got a chance to touch him. Pretty amazing. At $45 a person, for three hours, it's really not too bad. And I would totally come back in the winter when the water is full of manatees!
