My dog loves it here!! There is a specific part of the park that is partitioned off for the dog park area, and it is nice and big. This comes complete with a spring-loaded door that makes it easier to enter and exit with your dog without having to ensure that it's shut behind you. It also has a place to hose off your dog, as well as dog/people drinking fountain and plenty of doggie bags and garbages. Milo has plenty of room to run and swim, as well as plenty of room to avoid other dogs. He is still trying to get used to other dogs, but this is a great way to socialize him while he still has an out. Last time that I went, the water was very dirty and full of algae, which worried me because my dog likes to drink the water. However, taking into account that this park is right next to an industrial area, that's what you might expect. Another thing that I'd note is that some dogs have been able to get out of the fenced area by going under the fence. It is also not entirely fenced in. The fence goes into the water a ways, but then stops. If your dog doesn't mind swimming, it would have no problem just swimming around the end of the fence. I'd also suggest bringing some sunscreen - like with most places in Florida. There are a few places that are shaded depended on the sun's angle, but I wouldn't count on it! There are quite a few places to sit, but the majority of them are in plain sunlight! I love it here, my dog loves it here, and the 40 minute drive from USF is totally worth it!
This is just a beautiful park that overlooks the Tampa Bay. I've been here many times and it is a beautiful place to watch the sunset, walk on the beach, have a barbeque, play on the playground, or just have a fun day in the sun or sunset. My favorite part of the park is the Disc Golf course. It's pretty challenging and definitely one of the nicer and more beautiful courses I've played. Really enjoy the layout of the baskets and appreciate the level of skill required for each shot.
I love having a place to bring the dogs. Today it was a little smelly with seaweed along the shore. It's too rocky & seaweedy for humans to swim but the dogs love the water. There are picnic tables and benches in the shade to hang out at while the dogs run up and down the beach.
This park is on an industrial area of the Bay, so it's not great for swimming, but it's terrific for all sorts of other activities especially exploring!!! There's a dog park, frisbee golf, covered picnic/ barbecue area. It's a great place for a walk or to lay out and catch some rays on the beach or the grass. The backside has some lovely mangrove areas. This is one of those terrific in-the-know just slightly out-of-the-way spots in Tampa. Stop by Hula Bay after for some good grub. Depending on the season and the weather it is also popular with kite surfers and for horseshoe crab breeding.
We took our dog to the dog friendly beach section of the park. Wow, so many dogs! They were all running on the sand and splashing in the water. So fun! It's a pretty decent stretch of beach for all the dogs. Too bad our dog hates water. We were testing whether or not she would join the other dogs in the water (she's never been to the beach before) but NOPE. She stayed in the shade almost the entire time. There was a little fishing dock and we saw some boats out. Didn't get a chance to go to the actual park side of the park though, but it looked like it was a huge area.
went to P.I. for the beautiful views and to try out the 9-hole disc golf course. the course is somewhat tough, lots of rough and trees. It also didn't help that people felt the need to lay out along the 8th hole...and didn't move when we were playing! other than that, it's gorgeous!
Fun and challenging disc golf course!
Thanks to Saint G., I was invited to a Memorial Weekend Cookout at this neat little park! Pavillion 611 had running water and plenty of space. It was close to the water and far far far from the restrooms. It didn't have any electricity but thanks to the "DJ Generator Guy" there was power for the stereo system. And thanks to the Mr Reggie and Mrs. L, we had plenty of food to eat. I will always remember my time at picnic island park. I'm a huge fan.
Went there for the dog beach section. It was decent, good for the dogs, but not a beautiful Florida beach or anything. The dogs loved it, but as soon as the sun started to set we all got eaten alive by bugs. Go during the day!
This place is a triple play..meaning you can picnic,swim and fish!!! i came to fish today which is my first time ever really fishing and my first cast i catch a shark!!!!! HAAAA lucky me right?? Well after that i didnt catch nuthin so its all good this is just for the fishing pier later for the swimming and picnic areas.
I came to participate in the Adventure Run on my birthday. I was so stoked to participate. Then literally as I started to near the park, I immediately lost interest. This place is in an odd location by shipyard. It felt so sketch driving in. Then all the mosquitoes swarming around began their feast on me as soon as I opened my car door. It was a non-stop battle to ward off mosquitoes. Running in the water wasn't going to help my cause. The event itself would be fun without the bloodsucking bastards. But I just can't forgive the its location.
nice get away and its a little hidden. I come here with my dad and either fish  on the pier and you could see the dolphins or go to the other side where you could bbq and go by the water, well the closest thing they have to water lmao. nice place to come chill.
Good size space fenced off for dog owners to take dogs to play at the beach. Owners seemed responsible and dogs friendly. A hose is there to rinse the dogs and yourself off. There are a few benches to sit on. Nice view of downtown St Pete. Nice way to tire out kiddos and pooches.
