In a city largely devoid of interesting ethnic cuisine, the African International Restaurant is a most welcome find. In business for only 8 months, this hole-in-the-wall eatery is a center of social activity for Syracuse's small but growing Somali community. Service may be loosey-goosey, tables and utensils disorganized, restroom not the cleanest, but the food is terrific. At the suggestion of the owner, we had a sampler plate of roast goat, spiced, shredded chicken and grilled kingfish. They were out of injera bread, so we settled for spiced rice and a side order of chick peas. We found it all scrumptious, as were samboosas we'd sampled on an earlier stop-by. The mango juice is also a refreshing meal accompaniment. The owner presented us with a complimentary Somali dessert - sweet and tasty. I've lived and traveled extensively throughout the developing world, including Africa. A.I.R. made me feel like I was back. While a bit rudimentary, messy and not exactly spotlessly clean, the warmth of the staff and the home cooking made me feel right at home.
Came here in uniform with some other Soldiers and was blown away by the food and hospitality. The owners were gracious and recommended excellent local Somali and Ethiopian cuisine. I'll definitely be coming back. Try the "samboosa"! You won't be disappointed.
I came here with the usual crew on a road trip northward. I must say I was rather impressed by this place. We found it by looking around on Yelp for something interesting to eat that wasn't too far off our path. The atmosphere is friendly and the employees are more than happy to explain things on the menu that may be confusing to those of us unfamiliar with African cuisine (me for example). I ended up ordering the Fassolia which is a delight. The bean based portion was quite flavorful and went well with the greens and sauteed onions that came along with it. The bread meant for eating it was also well made and certainly was a solid fit. My friends tried a couple of other items including the injera bread platter and the Sambusas. Both of these were quite delicious (I stole a taste) and had just the right amount of spice. All in all I would certainly come back again.
yes. Check it out, I found a Somalian restaurant in Little Italy! Not far from the Biscotti Cafe. The first time I ordered, I had the Small Meats and sambata (a naanesque bread) and it was a pleasant surprise. Their salad was crisp and dressed with freshly squeezed lemon juice. The food here is just so, so scrumptious. I was given a cup of sweet tea while I waited and watched Al jazeera in Arabic with the other patrons for a while.
I've been to this place 3 times, and I've had 2 great meals. Yes, that means I had one bad one. We'll start with the bad one, which was the last one.  A friend and I arrived on a Saturday for lunch, and only two people were working.  The workers there don't have the best understanding of English, so it's somewhat difficult. The owner, who is the most fluent one there, wasn't in at the time. That was the warning sign. We tried to order Fassolia, but apparently they only make it when the owner is there. So, we ordered Beef Sukhar. It came with some kind of rice that was sort of reminiscent of rice-a-roni, due to it having random noodles in it and tasting of chicken stock. Not sure if that was a good thing. The beef was flavorful, but we each had a piece of cartilage in our food. We both heard the awful crunching sound when one bits into that sort of texture. It was unpleasant, but tolerable. After the meal, when we went to settle the check, they had difficulty figuring out how much to charge us and had to call someone else up to figure out how much to charge us. I handed him 20 and said to keep the change. Now, let's talk about what's right about this place. The tea they make there is wonderful. Reminiscent of an Indian spiced chai with sugar. The tea alone is a good reason to visit. One dish I highly recommend is the Injera/ Canjeero.  It is a spongy flatbread that serves as a sort of plate and eating utensil.  Meats and vegetables are piled onto the flat bread, which is served on what seems to be a pizza platter. This is no one person meal, but what I would call a meal for 4 people.  Yet, my friend and I took it on with the two of use. Scooping up food with the bread is half the fun in the meal. The flavors in the food are wonderfully spiced as well. That was all we were able to eat, so we ended our meal there. I went with a different person and had Injera, then their Sambusas, then goat with rice. All of it was excellent. Sambusa are pretty much exactly the same as Indian Samosas. You can really see how having India as their neighbor affects their food. The goat with rice was delicious and simple, and very well spiced. I highly recommend this place to any person who wants to embark on a new food adventure.
Somalian restaurant with cuisine very similar to Ethiopian and Malian food. The tea is sweet, dark, and served piping hot. You'll want several cups. The angera with chicken (think injera bread with spicy meat & veg curry, sometimes with a full boiled egg) is savory and delicious, the sambata flat bread with chicken yellow chicken curry and potatoes is another savory dish but less spicy than the angera. It tastes more like an Indian curry. As an experiment, we ordered the Goat Curry which also came with a flat bread. It was possibly the best dish on the planet. We almost licked the serving dish clean. Everything, but everything, we sampled on the menu was really really good!
Great food!  If you are looking for a mundane Olive Garden type experience, this isn't for you.  If you are looking for authentic African food and a unique experience, you'll love it.  The restaurant seems to serve as the hub of activity for the African community and was filled with people when we were there. The menu is a short printed list of items and not all of the staff speak perfect english, but don't let that stop you.  It's part of what makes small international restaurants so great. Everyone there was very friendly and happy to explain what the items were and how to eat them (forgo the forks, use your hands like the locals do). We simply asked the waiter for their recommendation. What we got were platters of injera (African flat bread) piled high with several different meat and veggie dishes.  All were awesome!
The one star is for the menu we were given to share between the three of us.  After about 20 minutes of hopefully trying to make eye contact with the person who had given us the menu, we left - defeated.  There were no other customers in the restaurant at that time, so I don't think it was a matter of being too busy.  The person on staff was mostly just talking on the phone and stirring something in a pot in the back.  I was so excited about trying this restaurant - what happened?
