My first visit -- it's just 1/2 mile from home. Service, very cordial and enthusiastic. Elizabeth was my main server, but the staff keep eyes on all tables. Food: side salad was fair, dressing was mediocre; good entree (fruiti di mare, & a side of meatball with lots of sweet red sauce). The bread was average, olive oil had delicious roasted garlic -- I received extra garlic. They are now open from 5-10 PM, Tues. through Saturday. Reservations are strongly recommended.I will return to try several other dishes.
Trattoria Pasquale is truly a hidden gem! This charming and intimate restaurant only has about ten tables so I strongly suggest calling ahead for a table. We made the mistake of not making reservations Saturday and the only reason we were able to get a table is because one of the reservations had just cancelled. We started off our meal with a popular Neapolitan appetizer, Cauliflower Mianese, and the Buffalo Mozzarella Caprese. The head of cauliflower was lightly breaded, fried until tender, and served with a rich cheese dipping sauce. For our entrees I ordered the spaghetti and clams and my sister and husband ordered the swordfish puttanesca special of the day. Both dishes were solid. My only minor critique would be that our side Caesar salads were a bit bland. For dessert we ordered the tiramisu and the limoncello cake. The tiramisu wasn't my favorite, but the limoncello cake was out of this world good! The restaurant is BYOB and does not charge a corkage fee so we were able to enjoy two bottles of wine that we had brought from home without breaking the bank on dinner. Several other diners brought bottles of wine from home and the restaurant not only opened the bottles, but they provided glassware and ice buckets for dinners with white wine and champagne. Will definitely be back soon to sample more of the menu!
Wow is all I can say. The food is beyond amazing. I don't think I will ever be able to dine at another italian establishment and be as happy. I had the special with was spinach ravioli with a Gorgonzola cream sauce and truffle oil. Out of the world. Can't wait to come try big night!
Quick Summary: Don't let the location and store front fool you. This little restaurant is a diamond in the rough of an unusual strip mall. The food is in a word - AWESOME. It is delicious, flavorful, amazing. And as always, you can't help but enjoy being in a place where everyone loves their job. Bring a group, bring a date, or dine alone; rest assured this will be a great meal. The real problem about dining alone is that you only have one stomach to stuff... yet so many good dishes to taste! That was a very serious issue for me at this restaurant; while the menu is classic Italian dishes... when they're done right... you know they're awesome. After my first bite... I wanted more more more! Upon entering the restaurant you can see its a cozy and intimate feel. It looks a little small, but fits a surprising amount of diners with a comfortable zone. During my visit there were groups up to 8 and several couples, but the volume was still a manageable level. I love that they have no corking fee! Bring your own drink and they will gladly serve to you... such a wonderful idea. I recommend definitely asking for their specials, they break from the 'classic' Italian dishes and your taste buds will thank you. I have to comment at this point on their bread and olive oil... they use an infused olive oil which is just absolutely delicious...  I couldn't get enough of it! My appetizer was the Mussels in Marina... a very large appetizer that should be shared btw... The marinara sauce is definitely not ragu... it was amazing. Very fresh and with a unique little flavor to it. The waiter said it's their standard marinara but made a little special just for the mussels.  It was great... I would eaten like a soup if I thought that would have been acceptable. My entree was one of the specials: Cavatelli al cinghiale, which is cavatelli with wild boar.  Another home run dish. The pasta was perfect... I know that sounds weird until you've had perfectly prepared pasta. The sauce... it was very surprising... full flavored, but light, and a hint of sweetness; I emphasize hint. It was great... and on top of the dish were blueberries! I never thought blue berries would go along with a pasta dish, but these complemented sooo perfectly... ahhh just thinking of it is making me hungry again, despite how stuffed I am after that visit. The staff were great; if you've ever had a dinner with an Italian family... this feels very much like it. They're all so welcoming and on this particular night I even got to meet the head chef and speak with him for a moment (I love getting to do that for a restaurant I really enjoyed). He's very gregarious and while I was there made sure to speak shortly with every guest.  He mentioned that they're expanding soon, which is good news for them, and you! As I mentioned in the summary, bring a group or bring a date... you'll want the extra stomachs to try out their other dishes. And bring a bottle of wine to enjoy too! Buon Appetito!!
This place is okay. The location is rather random, although it is easy to find parking in the strip mall.  The decor reminded me of neighborhood pizza parlours of my youth. The staff is attentive and friendly, which is nice.  I love that it is BYOB and that they can decant your wine. We started with the fried calamari, and we really enjoyed it.  The caesar salad was fine.  My husband then had the lasagna bolognese.  I make this traditional dish, and I found Trattoria Pasquale to make a very Americanized (read: cheesy and heavy) version.  I had the pork shank on special.  It was well-cooked, but I did not particularly like the flavor of the braising liquid. I doubt I'll return.
Couldn't be happier finding an authentic Italian restaurant right in our neighborhood! I had the spaghetti bolognese. Large portion and fabulous flavor. Staff was so friendly. We'll be back.
This is one of those gems you find in a strip mall and you roll the dice and don't crap out.  The place is pretty small on the inside and looks more like an east coast pizza parlor than gourmet restaurant, but don't let that stop you.  The menu is small because everything is fresh and half of it is on the specials board.  What sealed the deal for this paisan was that they made me veal saltimbocca from scratch because it wasn't on the menu but the owner offered to whip up anything we desired. Next up will be the carbonara - this is the key test for me - if you can pull this one off, you are legit! Nota bene, it is BYOB with no corkage fee! :-)
A truly hidden gem that offers the most authentic Italian food you can find in Tampa.  All regions and all kinds, this is food "fresh off the boat" Italian.  The service is wonderful...very attentive and knowledgable.  The owner himself came to our table to thank us for dining in his restaurant.  Honestly, it doesn't get friendlier or more like home.  You can bring your own libations with no corkage fee.  The lemon ricotta cake is AMAZING so save room for dessert!  Aside from their normal dinner menu, they host a monthly prefixe menu featuring different regions monthly.  You will be blown away by the amount of food for the $. Get here as soon as you can, and return often
Bought the $20 voucher and enjoyed the visit to Trattoria Pasquale. It was late on a Friday evening when we arrived and they were still packed inside (a good sign). But, it was too loud inside so we moved to a table outside. Service was great, food was ok. The best part - no cork fees! Bring your own bottle of wine.
Trust the reviews, I regret not visiting sooner! Both of our dishes were fantastic and the service was prompt; we were also greeted and thanked by the chef/owner at the conclusion of our meal. I thought the prices were very fair even though we took advantage of a Yelp $10 for $20 deal. I guess the only downside to the restaurant, but not that if affects me, is that it is small (10-12 tables) and it can get pretty loud it the confined area...especially once a table is a few bottles of wine in (which there is no uncorking fee, btw). We live in walking distance and will certainly be back again and will be referring to friends!
Every so often, I come across a place that truly strikes a chord with me.  Last night, this special place was Trattoria Pasquale. This quaint little place is a wonderful addition to South Tampa and in my opinion, the best Italian food in town! Italian cuisine is my favorite and I have eaten in hundreds of Italian restaurants across the country and in Italy. There are a few places that have last a lasting impression on me, one is in Rome, one is in San Francisco and last night it was Pasquale's! I met my friend for dinner and we were warmly greeted by the owner, Luigi. He went over the specials and chatted with us about the menu.  We started off with prosciutto e melone which was perfect on a warm summer evening. The sweetness of the cantaloupe with the saltiness of the prosciutto was divine. My friend and I both ordered off the specials menu for our dinner. I had house made pappardelle al cinghiale with fresh mushrooms and peas.  It was perfection on a plate. I had been craving an authentic pasta dish and this exceeded my expectations.   My friend ordered "Branzino alla Davide" (sea bass) and it was fabulous. We sipped on a wine I brought since they do not serve beer or wine but you can bring your own and there is no corkage fee. We finished off our meal on a sweet note with an order of cannoli. I can't wait to go back to Trattoria Pasquale!  This is such a cute place and the food is beyond delicious. Be sure to make a reservation as it fills up quick. :)
After reading & hearing wonderful reviews about this restaurant, we decided to try this Trattoria. We were met by the very charming and friendly chef himself, Luigi. Sadly the rest of our experience was not as good. The chicken marsala was over cooked and tough. The shrimp In my Fra Diavolo  were the smallest that I have ever seen (less than an inch with tail), and over cooked and dry. The tiramisu was partially frozen. Also the ambience & decor was depressing. Perhaps, Judging from previous rave reviews, this might have been an off night. But I doubt it.
A true neighborhood field. Great food at reasonable prices. The best part is that you can compliment your meal with your own bottle of wine. They're also kid friendly which is a plus. Reservations highly recommended
UPDATE: I have been in contact with the owners and they have invited us back to try out some changes they will be implementing.   I highly respect the response and give the owner Luigi major bravado for contacting me and valuing my response.   I will post updates as they occur.  5/5 First impression:  horrible location, bad parking. Ash tray on table outside with 2 butts.   0/5 Inside is small, tables small, very loud, not quaint, reminds me of fast food place.  Bunch of kids as waiters.  By kids I mean young 16 year olds...  Just standing around... Non professional... 1/5 Service:  just tacky -  server had not tried any menu items, didn't pronounce items correctly, just didn't know service standards, and had very limited food knowledge 0/5 Friendliness 4/5 Professionalism 1/5 Food: calamari portion was a joke perhaps eight pieces for $7.95.. Breading was loose, and tasted fishy... Not good I spat it out.  0/5 Ravioli was on a plate that took up whole table but sauce was bland and pasta tasted frozen and just bland. 1/5 Crepes were tasty enough Sauce was a little bland but dish overall was good. 4/5 Out of half of desserts Allowed to bring own wine - that was cool.  5/5
Had a great tasting, filling meal here for a decent price. Rare these days especially in good Italian restaurants serving fresh dishes with quality ingredients. Owner/chef is eager to satisfy customer desires and needs. Both sauces I've tried were excellent and made in-house by the chef. Pasta was cooked just right. Nice cannoli and cheesecake for dessert. Salad was underwhelming and needs to be kicked up to match the rest of the offerings. BYOB at present and no corkage fee. Special 7-course dinners on select nights with regional Italian cuisines for $35 - what a bargain! I will definitely be back.
The long wait and the run-down strip mall kind of made me warry when I went here the other day. Then when we began to order, I looked at the prices and I thought, "this food has to suck". Then, we ordered and they were out of meatballs, lasagne, and some other main items! We did go around 8:30pm but I never would have thought any italian restaurant would be out of such huge items. Our waitress was very nice however. Well let me tell you, the quality of the food I ordered, (ravioli's with mushrooms), was amazing and almost comparable to any fine italian restaurant. Great portion size, very fresh and hot, tasted like it was made from scratch. Everyone I was with was very pleased, and when the bill came, what a pleasure. Very inexpensive. Its a must visit.
I've been to Trattoria Pasquale twice. Both times the food I had was absolutely amazing and fairly priced. The decor is nothing to get excited about. They've got bare tables and serve water in this big, red plastic Coca-Cola cups. They've got a TV in the corner where the owner likes to put slideshows of his fishing adventures. I love the casual feel and I always love when places are BYOB. I mean, why pay $6 for a glass of $10 wine? Both times I went to Pasquale's I ordered off the specials list. I started off the the calamari. It was not greasy and lightly breaded- just the way I like it. The first special I got was a seafood pasta. It was supposed to come in a cream sauce but I asked for it in a fra diavolo sauce instead. It was amazing. The dish consisted of an abundance of mussels, clams, scallops and calamari rings (with a few shrimp in the mix) over a pile of hand made fussili pasta. The sauce was great and complimented the seafood's sweetness with subtle heat. It was way too much for me to eat so I took it home. I would usually expect to pay at least into the high $20s for a meal with this much seafood but as Pasquale's? $17. The next time I went I got the Pork shank with spinach spaetzle. The pork shank was some of the best tasting pork I've ever had. It was ridiculously filled with flavor that was perfectly accented by the gravy they had drizzled over the top and pooled on the plate. The Spinach spaetzle was a delicious surprise. I will say that they do seemed to be overwhelmed by the response they are getting. The first time we went in the waitress was extremely flustered and kept telling us that she was "so, so new". It wasn't necessarily bad service but I think as they get a handle on their success things will run as they should. Oh, the first time we went to Pasquale's there were 4 tables of cops and a couple speaking Italian. 2 signs of a great restaurant!
I went here because of the great reviews. It was awful. The bread was cold and stale. The service kinda sucked. The salad was soggy. I got the curry ravioli and it was whack. Curry goes with rice and chicken not in a ravioli. Ick. I will never return.
This is a hidden treasure in South Tampa.  They have wonderful food and while it can tend to be loud when it's a packed house, Luigi is always kind to visit the patrons.  He always comes over to our table to make sure everything was to our liking.  It is a real plus that you can bring in beer or wine to enjoy with your meal.  They do not charge you any corkage fee.  Please try it out if you haven't and if you have, you know how special it is and you need to GO BACK AGAIN! Love your place, Luigi!!!  Great job.
Food is always good Authentic Italian cuisine Don't expect something fancy, great neighborhood eatery though I love you can bring your own wine because who wants to overpay for it anyways Luigi is a great host as well Try the "big night" festivities if you want to try Italian food from various regions in Italy We will continue to eat here at least once a month
If you want real Italian food and are tired of chain restaurant "Italian" food, come here! It's not fancy inside but the food that is made by Chef Luigi's kitchen  is delicious! he always has at least 2 daily specials and when he makes his Zuppa De Pesce (seafood soup) it is a must have. In the evening we BYOB which is a savings since they don't charge a corking fee :) In addition to introducing his diners to authentic ingredients, He does his monthly Big Night's seven course meal from different regions in Italy, It is a 2-3 hour adventure of culinary fun, be sure to sign up-he books up quickly! The service is great.
thoroughly enjoyed our meal from appetizer to dessert. each dish was delicious, the pasta was cooked al dente, the sauces flavorfull and the tiramisu was light and tasty. Luigi was a wonderful host. reminds me of the neighborhood restaurants of my youth.
We absolutely love this place. Very authentic Italian made by a professional chef who seems to have a ton of experience and passion for creating awesome dishes. It is rare that I find an Italian restaurant that I enjoyed as much as this one. Many claim to be authentic but don't end up being authentic at all. We met the owner out in Tampa one night and decided to give this place a try after speaking with him.  We were very impressed. But bring your own bottle of wine, we did not realize that they did not sell wine there. Luckily we live pretty close so it was not a big deal to go home and grab a bottle. Highly recommend. Had the Farfalle Luigi and the Snapper which was a special.
Just phenominal real Italian food in a comfortable setting.My girlfriend and I had dinner last night for the first time and I am so hooked.Luigi the chef is a master of cooking.My mussels linguini was just so delicious.The red sauce was so flavorfull,the mussells so tender and done just right and i ate every bite.My girlfriend had chicken marsala and she just loved it as did I.It is very cozy.Luigis wife Maria is the hostess and waits tables.She was so friendly and right on que with the service.They have a shrimp boil coming up and I will be there.This place is the bomb and if you want the real deal Italian at a great price then this is your spot!
Hearing the buzz at my health club and from a number of officers stationed at MacDill, my wife, college age daughter and I decided to give Pasquale a try. Let me start by saying, GO! The chef owner is cranking out some very tasteful Italian fare at  very reasonable prices. The BYOB (no corkage fee) is also a home run. We had three different dishes and all were good-excellant. The mozzarella appetizer was also very good. Helpful hint to up the experience. As any Italian food lover knows, the bread (ideally good crusty Italian bread that you tear off the loaf) is an integral part of the meal. For reasons that are hard to fathom, bread here is served in little pre-cut rounds on a small white appetizer plate. We had to ask for more bread many, many times.  Almost to the point where it changed the cadence of the whole experience. Solution; put a real loaf of crusty Italian bread in a basket on the table. Charge $2 if need be, but the little "rounds" just don't cut it. With that said, our server was excellent and we look forward to going back and working our way through the menu. Pasquale has the potential to be a "line out the door" gem as the word goes forth.
Good Italian, well priced.  Best cannolis I've found in Tampa so far.  Bring your own beer or wine with no corkage fee.
maybe the food is good- I don't know. I walked right back out because the stench of chemicals from the nail shop next door was overwhelming and not at all appetizing- u might want to do something about that.
I am going give this place three stars for now. I ordered a ravioli with porcini mushrooms. The food was really rich and it was quite good. My girl ordered a fettuccini off of the special menu and again it was good. The chicken in her dish wasn't flavored and was dry but other than that it was good as well. We were told the pasta was made in house but I do not feel as though it was. I want to think it was but it just didn't have that home made flavor or texture to it. I have made my own pasta numerous times and have a good idea how the texture as well as flavor should be. After two entrées and  an appetizer our bill was only $34 and some change. The fact that our wine that we brought cost as much as the meal saved quite a bit. Luigi had come out of the kitchen a few times and talked with everyone in the restaurant at different times which was nice for a change. It made the experience feel more personal. We were not disappointed in our short time there in the slightest and will be going back. I am sure that I will add another star in the future. Maybe I need to go in earlier when they have all of the menu items. It seems that they run out or at least that's what we were told. Again the food was good. In my experience Italians value the pasta and are light handed on the sauce. This place has been suited for the American palate with our love for heavy handed sauce. I am going to try something different next time and would recommend this place to anyone to try.
Very limited lunch menu but the daily special was delicious, portion filling, and price extremely reasonable. According to Yelp, three stars is "A-OK". Trattoria Pasquale was a-ok in our book and we would return if we're in the area.
Absolutely loved the food.  friendly service as well.  Gnocchi was a brown butter sage, spec and cheese was off the charts...Hats off to Luigi!
It's a small place, but the nice staff and delicious menu make for a wonderful evening.
We WILL be back! Great food and experience. It is BYOB, but they ice your drinks and are extremely accommodating with your drinks. They'll provide you ice and mixers. Elizabeth was our waitress, and she was so personable and a real pleasure. The food is amazing. The home made sausage patties have the best seasoning. The fried cauliflower appetizer is so fresh and delicious. And to end the night with home made cannoli's! We absolutely loved our experience and will definitely be back soon!
I love this place, but I was very disappointed in my yelp $20 voucher.  We went to big night last night.  Everything was delicious and fun as usual.  When we went to use our $20 yelp voucher we were declined.  Apparently this is not good for the "big night" event.   Unfortunately, there is no place on the yelp sight that notes the restrictions.  We did not argue, because we were with friends and slightly embarrassed.  But we left very disappointed.  THIS SHOULD BE NOTED ON THE YELP PAGE SOME WHERE SO OTHERS WILL NOT BE PUT IN THIS POSITION. As for the food - BELLISSIMO!  As always 5 star rating on the service, food and fun - but YELP you get a two star - please change the noted restrictions on this voucher.
While staying at an airport hotel, I used the "nearby" feature on Yelp to find a place for dinner on a Saturday night. At one point in my life, I lived in Tampa for 8 years and I discovered that the locals had many restaurants that they thought were great only to find it was because they didn't know what was available outside of Tampa. This is not a town for foodies. Having read the reviews for Trattoria Pasquale's, I decided to give it a try based upon their Yelp offer. Based upon the prior reviewer's suggestions, I called ahead to make a reservation for 8pm. Surprisingly, they accepted a reservation for a party of one on a Saturday night. Nice touch. I arrived a half hour late for my reservation due to a taxi mix up, but they had exactly one table available and they honored my reservation. Immediately when seated, I was asked if I had a drink order. My soft drink was delivered promptly with a glass of water and a plate of 4 pieces of sliced baguette and a side of garlic olive oil for dipping. This is a BYOB establishment. While looking around, I thought it was a quaint little restaurant with booths and tables and very ordinary catering style chairs. The walls are painted dark red with black accents which creates a darker, more intimate atmosphere in the evening and tables had candles and paper covers. The dining room didn't note fine dining, but there wasn't one person who didn't look like they were enjoying their food. This is exactly the kind of neighborhood place that I look for when travelling. A place that offers excellent food but doesn't have the pretentiousness of presenting itself as something it's not. There were 3 servers working the dining room, and they were all running around offering excellent service. As I had a extra $10 to spend from the Yelp deal, I usually use those offers to enhance my meal by ordering an appetizer or dessert so I wind up spending about the same as I would without the coupon in the end. While waiting for the waitress to take my order as I was perusing the menu, I tried the baguette. Luckily, I did not come for the bread. It did not have a cruch to it, and it was doughy in the center. I was interested in the calamari appetizer, but asked my waitress if the squid was fresh or frozen. They use frozen calamari, which is pretty common, but I prefer when it is fresh because it is usually more tender. Instead, I ordered the meatball appetizer which came with four very large meatballs served in a very nice chunky marinara gravy. (Tomato sauce for non-Italians). The meatballs have a nice garlicky taste with a firm exterior and light airy center. I do not usually order a meatball appetizer, but these were very good and I would order them again. Next came the salad course. I  upgraded to the Ceasar Salad for $1.99 extra. I was served a plate with romaine lettuce tops sliced thin and with no life to them along with a couple of croutons. The dressing tasted like it came from a store bought bottle and was so bad I sent it back to exchange for the free garden salad. A garden salad consists of greens, 2 slices of cucumber, and 2 slices of tomato. For the tomato and cucumber, I think they used the smallest size width on their mandolin because these items were paper thin. The house Italian (no other choice) was passable and alsohad a store bought taste. Luckily, I did not come here for the side salad. I ordered a tortellini main course which was prepared in a tomato cream sauce with caramelized onions. I ordered it because I have never seen something like that on any menu. I was not disappointed. The tortellini are commercially made and delivered frozen. Dinner was served in a large round dish with a deep triangle shaped center. The tortellini were a little soft and overcooked, but certainly not to the point of sending it back. The accompanying sauce was excellent. The proper amount of cream to tomato sauce ratio , and enough onions to taste them but not be overpowering to the dish. Throughout the meal, service was excellent, my refills were handled without asking, and I was constantly being checked up on. They had three choices for, a lemon cake with marscapone filling, tiramisu, or 2 cannolis. The table next to me had ordered the cannolis, and they were served with drizzles of chocolate sauce and a couple of pieces of chocolate hanging out of the cannolis. It was too much chocolate in my opinion. After battling between the lemon cake or tiramisu, I decided on the tiramisu but really wanted the cannolis. I could have ordered it without the chocolate drizzle. Instead, I asked my waitress if I could try a teaspoon of the cannoli cream to make a decision for my next visit. I already knew that I would return to this little gem in a strip mall. The cannoli cream was delightful and reminded me of my childhood. I did suggest to my waitress, Elizabeth, that the cannolis might be enhanced by dipping the ends into chocolate chips. Balance truncated by Yelp.
