There is a reason that this place has sooo many amazing reviews - because it is simply amazing. Living in Rochester we pretty much only have custard but being from Syracuse, I want soft ice cream not frozen custard which makes a visit to here even better. I came most recently with a couple of my nieces and were all happy. I got s soft vanilla with cherry dip and it was awesome. the ice cream is amazing as is the cherry dip but picking that was sooo hard because they have so many amazing flavors and options to pick from. Being that soft ice cream is a treat for me I just went with what I knew i loved and would crave later. I also love the paintings on the walls. It is so colorful and fun; perfect for children. There is a spot to order outside with seating, and the same inside. There is always a line and it is for a reason. Even if you have a little bit of a drive to get to this place, I highly recommend it, you will not be disappointed.
+ Easy to get to location. + Plenty of staff scooping & prices/options clearly marked. + Accepts credit cards. + Decent sized parking lot. + Indoor and outdoor seating. + Incredibly delicious home made ice cream.   We made a detour yesterday to pick up ice cream beacuse I couldn't leave Syracuse without another bowl of Milky Way ice cream.  And yes I said 'another bowl'.  Don't judge me!  Light chocolate ice cream w/ swirls of caramel and bits of chocolate.  Creamy, rich, and perfectly balanced - it's the best!
Literally some of the best ice cream I've ever had. I ordered their Oreo sundae, and it was served to me in what looked like a giant takeout dish. I was shocked at the presentation, but big food fascinates me so I was cool with it, even if I had no hope to eat it all. I chose almond bark ice cream as my base, and the cashier described it to me as light fudge ice cream with almonds and chocolate chunks. The ice cream itself was thick and creamy, like you find in a super premium ice cream. There wasn't enough almonds in it, but it was hard to complain with all of the whipped cream, hot fudge, and marshmallow topping going on. I haven't had the opportunity to taste a lot of homemade ice creams, so trying Gannon's was a treat. It's out of my way, but it's worth the detour - and I'll definitely be back.
So until this year I would have given them 5+ stars. I don't know what happened this year-the tough economy!? Hands down, this is the best homemade ice cream in the area. I LOVE IT! The flavor selection is huge. I like anything coffee and they have 4 or 5 coffee based flavors-all are SO good. Normally the portions are huge but this year they are smaller. They used to jam pack the ice cream in to the dish. This year I have been twice and I haven't been as anxious or in such a rush to get my fix of Gannon's. I don't know (I hope) it's just a fluke and that it is a new employee who didn't know the normal servings. But on my second visit, I recognized the girl from last year. So I have to assume they shrunk their portions. Next time, if it is less again, I will be asking! I love ice cream and junk but am also a healthy person, so when I go there to splurge, I am going all out. Normally I am struggling to finish a sundae from there, not this year!
Amazing! The unique homemade ice cream flavors are like a local Ben & Jerry's. I try a new flavor every time and I've never been disappointed: chocolate raspberry ruffled- yum, almond joy- awesome, milky way- incredible... Disadvantages: I think it's more expensive than most other local stands. Also, it's only seasonal. Still, I'm a loyal fan.
Q: Why would you order ice cream when it's freezing outside in Syracuse? A: When it's Gannon's ice cream... And if you really think about it, the ice cream is actually warmer than the Syracuse winter outside. With a ton of flavors and friendly service, Gannon's is definitely on my Syracuse bucket list whenever I visit town. I especially like the almond bark, the Charlie brown, Rocky Mountain Raspeberry, and their brownie fudge (can you tell I like chocolate?). Usually you can sample a few, but the choice will be difficult indeed! The hot apple sundae was also excellent. And don't forget their soft ice cream flavors! Everything I've had here has been super creamy and wonderful. The decor inside is a little bit freaky (think disturbing/cannibalistic animated ice cream cartoon murals yelp.com/user_local_phot…) but I'm sure the kiddies love it. Would be a great place for a kid's party! I highly recommend getting a child's scoop (an adult small scoop is about the size of a slightly squished baseball). You can also take pints to go and call ahead to order. They also accept credit cards.
Oh, geez. Homemade ice cream. Ever-changing flavors. Peanut butter perfection. Caramel cashew. Snickers cheesecake. Kahlua fudge. Maple walnut. Strawberries and cream. Can't decide? Me, neither. That's why I keep going back. Creamy, delicious, sweet, salty, ice cream perfection.
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME! Always a line during the busy season, but totally worth the wait every time. The young staff is always very friendly and efficient. I had try so hard not to go to Gannon's every night! All their ice cream is homemade and delicious. My personal favorite- Milky Way! Oh man, I want some right now!
I have been to many many states, and more ice cream parlours than I can recall, but nothing has ever been as good as Gannon's. There are so many amazing combinations, but my favorites are Dark Chocolate Walnut and Chocolate Bavarian Torte. The coffee based flavours are also great. Be prepared for a long wait, but it's totally worth it. Now that I'm in a new city, Gannon's is the standard I'm judging all ice cream by, and nothing has come close. Easily the best ice cream I've ever had and a highlight of Cuse. PS- Theres a downtown location now, right next to Cafe Kubal.
I had never heard of Gannon's until the Post Standard started running the Best of CNY: Ice Cream series recently. When they were calling for nominations, I told my girlfriend about it and she predicted Gannon's would be on there. Sure enough, there it was. I had never been down to the Valley before, but after all the praise, I thought it'd be a cool adventure on a Saturday evening. Walking up to the window, it's actually kind of overwhelming how many flavors they have. And they all have non-intuitive names. So I decided to just order what the Post Standard ordered - Peanut Butter Blast Sundae with Charlie Brown ice cream (chocolate ice cream with peanut butter swirls). I have to say, Peanut Butter Blast is the most accurate name. Peanuts on top of peanut butter, on top of peanut butter, with chocolate sauce and Reese's pieces. Wow. Absolutely delicious. I demolished it. If the line hadn't been so long when I finished, I would have gotten back in line and ordered a pint to bring home. Next time. Why can't this place be closer to downtown? Awesome.
best ice cream in syracuse by far.  not a lot of university students know abt this. too bad its located in the VALLEY, but good service good quality cant complain. def a must try if its warm in the CUSE.  def hot spot with locals, and u may have to wait. open only 5 months out of the year lol.
Having grown up in Syracuse, I visit often, and most times I eat Gannon's, either on site, or out of my friend's freezer. I must say, it is delicious. I used to not be an ice cream lover, and Gannon's was the tipping  point. It is creamy, and their flavors are excellent. If you haven't tried it, you're missing something special!
Creamy delicious flavorful ice cream with uber butterfat content. Mine was peanut butter perfection with real Reese's peanut butter cups broken into it. This is as good as it gets!!
Great ice cream and super nice staff! I had the peanut butter blast with the charlie brown ice cream after reading the reviews. My bf and i split it because it was huuuge. We couldnt even finish it. For 5.50 i thought it was a great price. We also got regular sized fresh squeezed lemonades which were a little to sweet for my taste and deff not big enough to help wash down all that peanut butter. Next time i might try some rootbeer on tap. The parking lot was packed and there was a line but it was totally worth it.
They have 'a gillion' flavours of ice cream and frozen yogurt. Frequently overlooked. Compulsory summer destination.
Easily the best ice cream in Syracuse.
Was there 2 years ago while visiting my son's father. Love it, love it! Want to go back just for the ice cream! Wish I could get it shipped out to California!!
Always yummy, new flavors every time we go there. Perfect on a hot summer day or night, actually perfect during all seasons, hahaha
Seasonal homemade ice cream! My friends are passionate about the chocolate raspberry truffle - I'm more of an almond joy girl myself. Would be five stars if open year 'round. Wish it so!
Yummy home made fresh ice cream. So many flavors to choose from! Gotta love it!
