Besides spending the day with the thousands of other disappointed guests like myself, there isn't much positive to say about Universal Orlando.  We purchased tickets at the rip off price of $102 per person and drove from NJ in gridlock traffic, only to experience worse "traffic" by waiting in 2-4 hour lines inside the park.  Over crowdedness and unfriendly staff just added to our problems.  Living next to Six Flags Great Adventure, I can't even compare the two.  Universal is outdated and can use some real roller coasters instead of all the 3D rides and attractions that were quite boring!!  Honestly, I suggest saving your money until they decide to expand their park and drop the prices!!
The counter to Disney parks...This park is definitely one for the grown ups and older kids. They have two parks geared towards two groups of people. Universal Studios has a lot more indoor attractions and rides than Islands of Adventure. There is one outdoor roller called Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit; it's a pretty sweet roller coaster that plays a song of your choice during the quick ride. There are several different attractions and places to eat, so plan your day accordingly by looking at the map of both parks. Islands of adventure is more for the thrill seekers. They have more outdoor roller coasters and rides that will put a huge smile on your face. You must check out The Wizarding World of Harry Potter! Whether you're a fan or not, this place is a must visit. It's like entering a completely different world. A lot of things to see and do; they even have musical shows and characters roaming this part of the park. I cannot wait for them to open Diagon Alley. They are already airing commercials for this part of the park, and they've added it to their website. What I know is that these parks are already packed and crowded as it is, so when they do open Diagon Alley it's only going to get worse. So, if you are visiting from out of town prepare to wait for almost everything.
This park was ok.  The transformers, minion mayhem, rip rocket were the best.  Harry potter area was a freaken joke.  If you have to choose go to universal island adventures.
The staff is unbelievably friendly and we were impressed with their sincere want for us to have a great time. The reason for only 2 stars is because of the lack of signs, lack of sitting areas for eating the overpriced theme park food, the tour groups that cut in front of you in line turning your 20 minute wait into a 90 minute wait and the cleanliness of the restrooms. We went here for my daughters' graduation present. She is a Potter fan and we saved for years to come here. It rained the whole week and there was barely any places to go to get out of the rain. One time we were eating our 80 dollar lunch and a storm came and we were surrounded by people staring as us while we ate cause they had no place to go to get out of the rain. There are plenty of maps and an app to get around the park, but wifi is sketchy and there are few signs if any to help you find your way around. The tour groups. OMG! One group was over 100 people and they all went to the bathroom together,  ate together, went on every ride together, stood together and blocked enterances and their tour guide leaders were rude and entitled. It literally ruined our days, I mean 4 days we paid for, at Universal Studios and Island of Adventure.  Every day there was at least 4-5 different groups , that we could see and it became something we avoided. They got to cut in front of us and left the bathrooms disgusting. Why they had to travel in such large pacts was unreal! My daughter bought a blanket and they forgot to take the ink protector off. They are mailing us a prepaid envelope to exchange it once we get home and then they will ship us a new one back, but still. The food is theme park and overpriced but we were allowed to bring our own food in. The lines were ridiculous and they really need to limit the amount of people that are allowed. Seven times we waited in line only to have to leave because the ride malfunctioned.  This was disappointing. One day the fireman had to come out and rescue a group of people. My kids got stopped on two rides but were offered fast passes to accommodate them. My daughter did have a great time in the Potter areas and that was the bottom line. I wouldn't go back unless there was major improvements to the mechanics in the rides.
We love Universal Studios and Island of Adventure.   The rides and shows are awesome...especially the new Transformer ride.   We renewed our annual passes!!
Love Love Love Love -- the staff are always friendly and helpful. The food is always super yummy. The rides are out-of-date, but still a heck of a lot of fun, so who really cares. Maybe it will spark a new generation to watch the "classics" sometime :) Flexible program schedules and always soemthing to do/see/experience at this magical movies come to life park.
This is two parks that really should be one, but then they couldn't charge you another $35 a head.  Too much retail at the front of the park and very few services in the park.  No free wifi, the same food at every restaurant and the park closes early so they can rent it out at night for other events. I enjoyed going to try something different from Disney, and it made me appreciate Disney all the more.
There were two things about the park I found deeply disturbing. One was the fact that if you are willing to pay extra money, you don't have to stand in line with the rest of us poor trash. Standing in line is the great equalizer.....day was when no one got special treatment. I find this new system to be vile and repugnant. I am also deeply disturbed by the fact that you are encouraged to give up your fingerprints to enter the park, and to rent lockers once inside. Our country is sliding into fascism fast enough without making it easier for big brother to expand it's database. Kind of makes me wonder if they also have surveillance cameras with facial recognition software. However, I learned today that if you stand your ground and refuse to be fingerprinted, there are other means available to conduct trade.  Frankly, I was a bit shocked that my companion and I were the only ones refusing to cooperate. WAKE UP PEOPLE!! That aside, the park was mildly entertaining, but the lines were long. We had purchased meal tickets, and the food was okay.....nothing special......but they did not include beverages, where they really stuck it to you. By far, the best attraction was the Terminator 3D show, which was impressive. The Beetlejuice show was entertaining, and the music in the show was good old mainstream rock, which warmed the heart of this old grump.   This visit was not my idea. I would have far preferred to spend the day at some place like Icheetucknee Springs enjoying mother nature at it's finest, or fishing back home in Key West. That aside, it was not a total waste of time, but I doubt that I will return for ANY Orlando attraction. Too crowded, too expensive and too plastic.
This is a great park. But unless you are definately going more than a few times, you need to get a fast pass. These are quite expensive, but they do cut out alot of the queues. We managed to get on all we wanted using the fast passes. The queues otherwise were mostly over an hour. The Men in Black ride was really good, as was the Shrek 4D. The special effects were great. Afterwards you could have your photo taken with Donkey - he was very funny, Shrek etc. The show we saw was Fear Factor. These were all very well organised. They were very like the real show.
I went to Universal for HHN this year and it was better than previous nights. The new Transformers ride was good (it's just like the Spiderman ride but with robots) and the houses were well done, better than usual. My favorite houses were The Walking Dead and Evil Dead. Don't forget to buy the refillable cup. Totally worth it.
I am surprised nobody ever wrote a review for this park. I came to Universal Studios a bit late in my life, I was 24 yrs old. I thought it was going to be childish, but there is much to do for all ages. The rides are made for all audiences, young and old. The Despicable Me and the Mummy Coaster were very fun. I think those were the two best rides. I came here during the winter in December and I was able to get on all the rides. The next time I will definitely be coming back with my children. A child needs to see this place atleast once in his life.
My sister and I went here primarily for Harry Potter and were not disappointed with that. However, outside of Harry Potter the rest of the park is overall poor. (folks there is a reason Universal Studios was on the brink of bankruptcy before they got Harry Potter which saved them from continuing to hemorrhage money ) worth your time 1. harry potter 2. The Mummy 3. Rock roller coaster 4. The Hulk 5. Despicable me 6. Doom drop (if you like drop rides , ride is over in 10 seconds ) 7. jurrasic park if you are a fan of the movie and enjoy a water cruise with animatronics finished with a drop splash . not worth your time especially 1. Twister... read my review 2. Transformers , even my 10 year old cousin who loves transformers hated it.  It's your typical 3d screen move the cart around deal . Despicable me was done better than this one 3. Disaster .. not funny , not thrilling , waste of 20 minutes . 4. ET ...the storyline to the ride makes no sense , its old, and boring, not even fun to look at . 5. Men in Black ...kids may like it, but let them go on it without you , I love video games and found this boring . moving in a cart shooting a laser at aliens , 98% of which aren't even animated . This park overall is in desperate need of updates. Six Flags is a better choice for ride goers, and Disney World is better for people looking to enjoy the experience of using their imaginations.  it was honestly sad to see these rides and attractions with rows and rows and rows and soemtimes multiple floors of "lines " that you spend more time walking through than actually waiting for the ride . it was like seeing s ghost town of what were once 2hour wait lines, The Mummy in particular . 3 minute walk , 4 second wait .
Great new attractions, like transformers.  Good food and halloween theme is awesome from september through oct.  Has haunted houses for evil dead, walking dead etc
Universal Orlando is in my opinion the greatest park in Central Florida because of the fantastic service you receive when you arrive. It's an amazing way to spend your day to completely be entertained with so much to see and do. I haven't spent any time at any of the resorts even though they all look like well worth it. I have never had a bad time while visiting Universal Orlando and or Islands of Adventure, I once was an annual pass holder member and I have regretted canceling it ever since I did about 6 years ago. When I can purchase an annual pass I will most definitely do so. Universal Orlando treats their guests with much appreciation instead of just an income for the park. Between Mardi-Gras celebrations, Halloween Horror Nights to new attractions being opened this attraction is my utmost favorite attraction to visit each time I visit and kudos to both parks as I can't get enough of either park while visiting my next time in Florida. You guys rock! Always have and in my opinion you always will.
Universal and islands of adventure are both top notch parks. If I could add just one thing that I think everyone needs to know. How long does it take to go through each. Here you go . I brought my twin 12 year olds and they aren't into the scary coasters, so, if it was a roller coaster, we didn't ride it. So, we did island of adventures in 6 hours, and that was plenty, then we did universal in 7 hours and saw blue man group. Fact is, you can do these two parks in two days easy. Don't spend the extra dough. Harry Potter is a MUST RIDE.
We came here for horror nights and had a blast. They put a lot of effort into decorating and planning out all of the zombies roaming, the scenes from the walking dead, the fog machines and the menacing music playing in the background to ensure you have a good time. Oh and did I mention alcohol?
So far I'm just trying to park and it's ridiculous. Not even Ohare Airport is this stupid!
This park is so much more modern and exciting than the Disney parks.
Did everything in a day!! I would choose this universal studios over the one in California any day... not full stars only because I hate how we can't just view our pictures from rides for fun, and staff is always chasing people around for surveys.
I visited this park a little late in life, at 24. I did, however, enjoy my time there. Universal Studios truly brings your inner child out. Some of the best and must-experience rides include The Simpsons & Transformers. Once you hop to Island of Adventures, make sure to check out Spider Man. I was lucky to see a reprise of all the movies made by the studios as they celebrated their 100 year anniversary. The show was accompanied by fireworks to add color to the night. Overall, this park is a wonderful experience for both kids and adults ;)
This is an overview. It's a fact you could write books on it and many have. This place has two main parts; Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure. There's lots of shops, restaurants & cafés on the outskirts of the park, including a Starbucks, a Burger King, and a giant Hard Rock Cafe. You won't do this all this place in 2 or 3 days unless you pay an extra fee to skip queues. The Hulk, Simpsons, Spider-Man, Curse of the Mummy, Harry Potter (both Potter rides were out of operation without proper explanation for hours on our second day and I find this to be unacceptable), the classic ET, Transformers, the list just goes on and on. Many of the rides, especially roller coasters, are just phenomenal. Some are very good but samey though, such as Men in Black, Shrek and Minion, where you sit in a car in front of a 3d screen and get tossed about, sometimes violently, and I don't get the Cat in the Hat, so must be an American child favourite. I was raised in Ireland on Top Cat and the Flintstones. There are some rides where you are guaranteed to get wet to soaked: a ripsaw falls, a log flume in Jurassic Park and a bilge rat barge that soaks your rear end, so try these early to dry out as they are great. Make sure you protect your mobile phone though. There are niggles too: lots of nickel & dime extras also there are people who sorta jump across your path trying sales pitches on you. Also staff will try to take your time to complete staff questionnaires with just a thank you, so they nickel & dime you and overcharge you for everything but ironically expect your time for free even though you paid in! As I said about nickel/dime it's $5 to pay for a stand - in hot air drier if you get soaked on a water ride, it's $8 dollars for a pancho not to get very wet but not effective on the rat barge and as you leave these rides they offer to 'recycle' your $8 pancho, again must be an American holiday, lots of ring the bell and knock things over stalls at $5 and $16 a day to park. While the Universal part provides just OK free wifi the Islands part has very limited pay $6 for half an hour wifi. Four of us visited over three days and we will be back - oh now I'm sounding corny.
Most of the rides at Universal Studios were show-based with all rides themed on a movie or animation. Lots of highlights at Universal but because of the smaller crowd sizes we were actually able to do all that we wanted and still had a couple of hours left at the end of the day to hop over to the Islands of Adventure but more on that in another review. Not in any order these are the definite must rides at Universal: Revenge of the Mummy Ride; MIB - Alien Attack; Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast and must sees: Shrek 4-D; Fear Factor Live; and Terminator 2-3D. If you have time Twister and Earthquake can be fun. Both have very long build ups and stories but the finales could be classified as slightly exhilarating. And the ET Adventure is sweet and if you listen carefully ET will say your name when you get off the bike.
Had a great day here, went to both parks and eevryone enjoyed themselves. There were rides suitable for everyone, Shrek, The Simpsons were particular favourites. Very disappointed in the "Twister" ride and the one underground in the tube station when there's an earthquake. There was only 1 Starbucks I saw and the price of food/drinks was horrific!! However I did have a lovely Caesar salad.
This is the best theme park ever. The rides are based in movies. The rides are great and my kids love it. The food is really good. The shows are great. I love this theme park.
I purchased tickets for my daughter and her friend to go to universal studios online the process was confusing at best. I was unable to go since I was at work and they were 18 so they drove from tampa to orlando, pay for parking, get there early and are told that since we have different last names they could not get the tickets. Seriously!! I spent over an hour on the phone with customer service and was told I'm sorry we have rules and can't just give them the tickets. Meanwhile my kid is at the gate being told just have your mom call and we will fix it. They finally let them in once my husband and I both wasted over an hour telling them the same thing that we bought the tickets!! It was ridiculous!! I have never had such an issue as I did with getting them in. They told me it was to protect me from fraud that would be exemptible of an answer if they had not already taken the money out of my account for the tickets!! Poor online purchasing procedure and poor customer service on the phone. Only saving grace was the ticket supervisor at the gate who understood the situation and helped get them in.
We have visited Universal Studios Orlando several times over the last few years, and enjoy it everytime. I'm a bit disappointed that the Back to the future ride has closed, as I enjoy some of the old favourites - The E.T. ride is still running, although is starting to look a bit tired. Jaws is again an excellent ride, although all but one boat was broken down when we visited last time, so there were very long queues. I'm planning to go back here when we visit Orlando early next year.
it has the craziest lines at wizard world! we came in March thinking that there will be shorter lines, but found out only so if you purchase the express passes. the food is really expensive and average at all restaurants. it is elbow to elbow at any of the wizard world shops and attractions, not so bad in the universal studio side. i cannot imagine what it would be like during the summer, hot humid and crowded.
I don't know why this place only has 3.5 stars.  The rides are the best in all of Orlando!  The only thing Disney does better than Universal is staff (some of Universal's people were downright rude) and food.  Otherwise the rides here blow the Disney parks out of the water.
Overall a poor offering from universal. When compared to the Singapore sister this was a real let down. The average "worlds" and the extremely pushy staff have our day a real sour note. I'm amazed people still come here, as Disney is so close. The staff need to take lessons from Disney customer service department I think, and stop concentrating on bottom dollar
It's not Disney but still pretty cool.
Universal Studios used to be better but still a great day out. The best ride was The Revenge of the Mummy and well worth any long lines! The ET ride was pretty cool, but I wouldn't have said it was worth the queue there's bound to be (I went in the end of October, NOT during peak time). Jaws ride is still a classic and can't wait to go on it again now it has been updated going back on the 17th October 2008 (Will add to this review after that). The cheesecake bar was lush! Very expensive. But so worth it! Even if you're an adult with no kids it was pretty fun going on the nicktoons ride. Shopping is expensive here, they jack up all the prices but that's to be expected anywhere in Orlando buy your souvenirs in dedicated gift shops there are loads will be much cheaper. But I still miss the king Kong ride it was there when I first went when I was only a toddler and was a fantastic ride.
My teenagers love this park, probably more than Disney! It is well themed and the staff are polite and helpful as they seem to be at all the theme parks. The best ride in this park is Men In Black which we did loads of time. It is a shooting game where you fire laser guns at opposing riders and various monsters along the way. It can become very competitive as they show each individual riders score at the end. There are plenty of other good rides and shows here, but not of the rollercoaster type. Animal planet is a good one for smaller kids who may be frightened by some of the other shows such as jaws and earthquake. Lots of food options here as well but pricy as are all the parks.
When this place isn't busy, it's amazing! Make sure you pick the right park though, we once bought tickets to the old side of the park and all the older rides aren't that great. The new side of the park has some pretty cool rides and although the lines can be long at peak times of the year, (when all the tourists are in town) it is well worth the wait. When it wasn't busy, we must have gone on the INCREDIBLE HULK 10 times, great times :)
The Simpsons ride was my favorite!!
Of course you have to go to Universal Studio while vacationing in Orlando!! Personally, I like Universal Studio more than Disney World. There were some rides in LA that they don't have here in Orlando, but it is still worth for visiting. Don't forget to purchase the Express pass for extra $55 USD, it saved us lots of time being in line.
Unless your kids are very into Harry Potter or are over 12-years old, skip islands of adventure.
Def. stay on "on site hotels", u automatically get a express pass! Saves u a lot of time and money waiting in lines. I felt kinda bad zooming thru the express line while the other side stayed stagnant. :(....But there is no way i have the patience to wait an hour + to go on a 5 minute ride! Universal rides i recommend- The Simpsons 3 D RIDE was great and def. has improved thru out the years. You really feel like your moving up and down and dropping with the 3 D effects. Also, the mummy was a great ride but its kinda like a roller coaster which terrifies me  mixed in with a 3d animation ride. I did not realize that till it was too late. But for those of you who like roller coasters, its a breeze, effects are cool as well but i had my face buried the whole time so this is based on what friends said. ET hasn't changed. Islands of adventure got the harry potter 3d ride which was also lots of fun!
Very pricey even with their packages, long lines, extremely touristy but the rides are lots of fun. Great roller coasters!
I mean, I'm sure this place isn't miserable for everyone. Maybe if the classic characters from 80s-90s era are still your thing (Tweety, Scooby Doo, MIB), you like to drink heavily during the day, you enjoy rude customer service, and second rate attractions then you may even like this place. But if you have young kids that will stare unamused at these characters then I would beeline it to Disney, and fast.
If you like theme parks, there is no way you will fail to enjoy this one. The Universal parks are newer and more impressive than Disney, which feel a bit dated now. Revenge of the Mummy was great and we also liked Jimmy Neutron (although it made my rather squeamish husband feel sick!) Men in Black Alien Attack was excellent although I was rubbish at the scoring and Shrek was really fun. We liked the earthquake experience, but the kids found it a bit tame and boring. In fact, whether you like theme parks or not, there is something for everyone here.
Loved It, Much more enjoyable than Disney World. Great food  and drink options, Restaurants reasonably priced. Lines were short!! Park was clean Great Location. Harry Potter ride was best ride I ever been on!! Hulk is awesome ride!! Great photo ops all over park. Kiddie rides were great!! Plenty places to cool off!! Thumbs up \000/
It was my first visit to Universal Studios I expected so much more. The Simpsons ride was definitely fun but if your sensitive to motion then you definitely shouldn't go on. I say if you're visiting Universal you must visit Island of Adventures.
Once you get over the sticker shock of Universal Studios, it is worth the money. There are two different parks that you can go to: Universal Studio sand Islands of Adventure. Islands of Adventure has the themed attractions (Harry Potter, Dr. Seuss, Jurassic Park,etc) while Universal Studios has smaller attractions based on other movies. Most of them involve a ride or interactive experience. There's no need to have seen the movies to enjoy these experiences. Tip: As a group of four adults, we went in the line that said "single riders" since we didn't care if we were split up. We ended up being together in two groups of two and didn't have to wait in line at all.  We even got on quicker than those who paid extra for the express line! There are lockers next to a few attractions because you are not allowed to bring anything on the rides. They are free and only slightly tricky to use.  Be sure to use them because the operators will not let you on the ride with even a small purse. This is definitely meant for older children. There are height requirements and some attractions are actually kind of scary. This is not the place for young children.
Waaay better than Disney World. There's so much to see and do here. The food prices are a little more than Disney World but there's better parks for adults here. I like the Harry Potter and Dr Seuss land the best at Adventure Land. We're only here for 3 days but I can easily spend an extra day here even though we got the express pass for one of the days.
This place is the best theme park ever nothing else can compare. The food the shops its all really really great. There is a helpful locker system if you need to leave your bags as a couple of places dont take them. We went on a lot of the rides though I missed the mummy okay I chickend out. A couple were also closed the day we were there The diaster ride was fanastic so much fun and I only got a little wet. I felt like a cartoon charcter during the simpson and had to pinch myself to see that it wasnt really realy. The Termintor was the fast packed live action show but the interaction and techonlogy was supreme. Shrek3d was great really funny as was Jimmy Neutron to a lesser extent though Im sure the kids will adore it Men in black was great though Im sure I missed a lot of the aliens hiding in the bins I thought Jaws was a little bit of a let down We missed the beetle juice show but saw the horror make up show which was great really scary fun and icky The choice of food was great and they have good meal deals on if your going to be there all day I want to bring this place over to England and stick it in my backgarden
O universal studios é sem duvida o parque mais completo da disney!Tem tudo que uma pessoa precisa para se divertir, é recomendavel até que voce passe 2 dias nesse parque para ir em todas atraçoes e tal.Vou falar um pouco sobre as atraçoes em particular. Os 3D do Shrek é impressionante!É engraçdo quando o dragao na tela da um espirro e a cadeira lança jatos d'agua, a reação é imediata, todo mundo faz um barulho de nojo.As cadeiras mechem dando a sensação de que voce realmente está no filme. O DISASTER que nao tem muito tempo, é maravilhoso!No começo voce nao entende muita coisa, so vai participando, eles chamam 5 pessoas da plateia, e vai filmando coisas separadamente, no final vc entra no trem que é quase inudando com agua, parece mesmo que vc esta numa estação que esta inundando.E no final, tudo vira o trailler de um filme, e que fica muito engraçado por sinal. Tem o simulador de montanha russa dos simpsons tambem que abriu agora a pouco, e posso dizer que nao gostei muito.A fila era imensa já que estava na temporada mais lotada, e quando agente finalmente entruo no brinquedo, eu vi que nao era nem um pouco emocionante, nao dá a sensação que voce esta numa montanha russa de verdade. A montanha russa da mumia, nossa, a melhor de todas da disney, nao em termos de emocao, mas porque é toda tematica, mostra como se vc tivesse numa piramide, entrando e pegando o tesouro da mumia que vai atras de voce, tem uma projecao de escaralhos que dá a impressao que os bihos estao mesmo la. impressionante. Assim como essas que eu citei, todas as outras atracoes sao maravilhosas,voce realmente tem que ir em todas!nao pode perder anda neste parque Neste parque, voce conhece de tudo!Se voce por acaso for em orlando e nao puder ir em nenhum parque alem destes, a viagem ja valerá a pena, simplismente maravilhoso.Nao existe palavras para descrever o universal
We loved the new Simpsons ride. It hasn't change a bit since 1990 though...but we had a great time.
Its for kids of all ages, even up to age 80 Scary rides -the Hulk is terrifying but leads to good wet t-shirts on many unsuspecting victims Mostly families, mostly thrilled kids but you can sit at the Backwater Bar and watch the world go by.
I loved this when i went to florida, the park is amazing. there is a whole range of different rides for all ages ! sticking with the movie theme in this park there is many imax cinema performance's for eample the 3rd honey i shuck the children where you have to wear 3rd glasses and the show feels like it's coming alive, Deffently a most go to !! this park is just so great I can't wait to visit again.
Loved the new Simpson's Ride, and the Men in Black ride, the Mummy, Terminator and I don't know how many others! ET is good but I was very surprised at the very small children being allowed on who were nowhere near the minimum height.I did not find the Universal Parks to be anywhere near as busy as the Disney Parks, getting about was much easier. Very long queues for the Simpsons ride. The fast pass system is something which you have to pay extra for at Universal. Well worth a visit if you are in Florida, especially as the two parks are right next to each other, with Citiwalk in between.
One of two parks at universal. I like this one better as i think the rides can be enjoyed by all the family. my favourite is men in black although at peak times the queues can be well over an hour. worth using fast pass to get tickets and then queueing for another ride whilst waiting on fast pass time. When at this park a visit to mels diner for a piece of apple pie is a must. There is a great irish bar opposite the mummy ride too which is a good place to rehydrate!!!
Found Universal to be a bit disappointing. Rides seemed dated, and had a very '90s feel to the whole park. The new Simpsons Ride was great, the design and the decor was really good and the ride itself was fun. Other rides such as Men in Black seemed like they had potential but didn't quite meet expectations. Generally a good park, but nothing amazing. Felt like it needed updating.
The park for me needs some TLC. Its almost as if it has been left behind its neighbours. The Simpsons ride is a welcome addition, but i would not pay to go back again until they update and bring the park in to the present. It is such a shame as i have such fond memorys of the park from years gone by.
This park made for a very fun day out, however I did not enjoy it as much as the Disney parks, and am not desperate to return until some new rides have been added. We found it was not too crowded. We loved the Men In Black shooting ride, and Shrek 3-D was very funny! Jaws was a fun ride and the shops were fun to look around. The theming and cleanliness of the park is great.
This is by far my favorite theme park in the world. The new Simpsons ride was really good, but was disapointed that they decicded to take the back to the futrure ride out. Also if you looking for a good place to eat in the park, then the Ricthor Co Burger shop is really good, its located near the distater movie ride.
Fun movie based theme park. Not alot of thrill rides, probably just the one in the mummy, but plenty of great entertainment from the likes of men in black, shrek and the terminator. The new Simpsons ride is a bit of a let down though, you do get laughs throughout all they've done is given the old back to the future ride a facelift which is a shame because i was expecting a lot more.
This part of the Universal Theme Parks is more family orientated, with rides for the entire family, rather than just mainly big roller coasters. As with the other side of the park, the staff are nice and friendly, and the park is really clean. There are lots of show based rides in this park, and the Simpsons ride is a welcomed newcomer, although more rides could be added in the future to attract more customers.
Just a quick update to give a shout out to the wonderful customer service provided by Universal Studios. On my most recent visit here, the Hollywood Rip, Ride, RockIt ride took my wallet from me. It's obviously no fun losing your money, credit cards, etc., but I certainly was not looking forward to dealing with TSA agents in Orlando airport when I told them I had no photo ID as my drivers license was lost with my wallet. I reported the lost item to guest services and they informed me that someone walks the entire ride track every night after closing and gathers up all the lost items and turns them in. They instructed me to call back the next morning at 10am to see if it was found. Unfortunately, they did not have good news for me the next morning, but they said to not give up hope as sometimes it takes a day or two to find, especially if the item fell in a maintenance only area. That wasn't going to help me much, so I started the process of canceling cards, etc. I decided to give them a call one more time later that afternoon and fortunately, my wallet was found and locked up in a safe with all of the money and credit cards! Whew...what a relief. I drove down and picked it up, but they will also ship it to you anywhere in the world free of charge. Note that they will not ship you credit cards for some reason. If you do pick up your lost item, drive to passenger drop-off area. An attendant will give you a 30 minute parking pass at no charge, which should be enough time. Head up to guest services just outside the theme park. If you know the tag number, that will be helpful, but if not, they can certainly look it up. All in all, it was great customer service by the Universal folks. If you lose something on a ride, quickly tell the ride operator and notify guest services. Oh...and the moral of this story? There's a reason why they post all of those warnings about securing loose objects on these types of rides!
This is one of my favs in Florida, I love this park. I went back again and again. The best ride has to be The Mummy. Its fast, forwards, backwards, flame, smoke.brilliant! Apparently this replaced King Kong and they left the head inside as it was too big to be removed. You can spot it at some point round the ride but I was always to busy screaming. Men in black is fun too, good for all ages. A sneaky trick a staff member told my boyfriend and I, when the ride is quiet, just go round the parent and child exit so you dont have to see the video again and go through the huge queing area. The queuing areas at both universal parks are always well ventilated and covered incase of a sudden storm. There was a storm while I was at the studios and they shut the rides whilst it is going on (safety I assume). The storm does not last long and soon the park is back to normal again. The Simpsons ride is popular as it is new so get on it early is you can. The wait even with a fastpass was very long in my opinion. The ride Jaws is a bit poor, but everyone in your family can get on it and have a laugh, it is not scary at all. I recommend not taking a bag, you can wear a bumbag on all the rides and not take it off. I believe on Men in Black you are not allowed to wear bags.
Great fun!!!! This was my first time for me my step mum and dad to go to universal studios. It was great fun! My fav ride was the simpsons ride, it was class i love simulators like that! So was the spiderman simulator! Very highly reccomended going there i will give this place 5 stars!!
Love Universal Studios, it's definitely a park for adults, however if you don't mind the crowd's it's great. Hulk Ride is the best fun
one of the best places on earth to visit ,can cost an arm and a leg to get here but well worth it when you do get here. has three on site hotels which are on the more expensive side, but the reason why is go is for the theme parks. the mummy ride being one of the best with the simpsons almost on par with it . jaws is a bit dated now as is earthquake and twister . you can get vip passes for the tna wrestling which is taped here on certain days of the month but can go on for hours as therecord a few episodes in 1 night.they have a few restaurants and counter service style diners, mels drive in being agood one . dont really rate the richter burger company at allas i feel thereis no taste to their food, maybe its just me though, could spend more than a few days here during your holiday as you will do most rides over and over again
what can i say about iniversal studios, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, we started off down the street and headed straight for the simpsons new ride, but when we got there the ride was down, my son was so upset as he is a massive fan, we then went on men in black my son loved this, jaws - my daughter hated this, disaster, we all loved the muppets 3d we saw this twice, unfortunately there were 4 rides not working due to builders going through a cable, we complained to customer services as we did not have hopper tickets and were coming back the next day for islands of adventure, he was very helpful and took our tickets in exchange for hoppers, when we eventually got to ride, the simpsons ride you cannot miss it is fantastic, my husband was a bit sad as he liked the back to the future ride that used to be in this spot, also next door to the ride is a kwikemart.
Wow,Big Rides the one to bring the big kid in you out again
Wow what I theme park! We went on holiday to Florida and Universal was one of the best theme parks ever! It has rides for the young and rides for the adventurous and rides for the family! I went on Hulk twice and boy was it immense! As soon as you step off you feel like you are on the moon for 30 seconds! I thoroughly enjoyed the day out! I would insist on you going!
If you like this kind of thing, knock yourself out. Horrible congestion of people - between Christmas and New Years.  About 1/3 of the people trying to get into the park got turned away to "guest services" for one "problem" or another, delaying about 33% of the people from entering the park for an additional 45 minutes. In our case our tickets were screwed up that we'd paid for 4 weeks prior and had just had printed at an on-site Universal upscale hotel. So, we wasted 45 minutes due to an internal company problem - in checking with others, they had similar issues. We had "express" passes that cost our dearly (hundreds of dollars for our trip). They were not good for Harry Potter or about 1/2 of the other attractions at the amusement park. The hotel is nice. Ridiculously expensive (you could stay at a Ritz Carrollton in the Caribbean for about the same price), but the people working at the resort are nice. If you love amusement parks, you will probably really like this place.
the best theme park ever with all the coasters and the rides and shows and the citywalk it is just fantastic. the kids will love it the teens will love it everyone will it is a must do at orlando and everyone should have a chance to go. i totaly recomend it to any body. it is clean well maintained and all the staff are nice it is a must do
a fantastic theme park that takes you to the movies. you can enjoy calm rides or go on fast roller coasters. everyone there is really nice and the place is clean. i would recomend it to everyone.
So I'm writing this review as a self professed Disney fanatic, and someone that is experiencing Universal essentially for the first time. For the Disney loyal that feels a trip to Universal is akin to taking your mouse ears off and burning them, then this review is directed at you. First and foremost, I love Disney's parks, and their attention to detail and theming at all their parks. I honestly didn't think they could be outdone, but after seeing both Universal parks I stand firmly corrected. Granted, they don't have entire themed parks like Disney does, but they also don't have the acreage that Disney does. What they do, they do extremely well. This is more like what you'd see at Disneyland in California. Two parks, no shortage of rides, and a memorable experience in both places. With that in mind, I will say if you go on a weekday, or a slower time of year, take the park hopper option. I had no problems tearing through all the major rides at both parks in about 4 hours. That was with doing both Harry Potter sections and the featured big ride, as well as the other bigger attractions. Granted the Harry Potter sections fill up fast, and stay packed throughout the day, this is largely in part to keeping the section very true to a quaint London shopping district,  and the fact you can shoot magic at crap in the windows. Yes, you...YOU can own your own wand, and YOU can clutter the streets of Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley waving your wand at window displays. It's brilliant in theory,  but when you have 5-6 kids lined up at a window, plus parents trying to capture every waking second of their child's decent into paganism, then the already narrow streets become even worse. If I could have wingardium leviosa-ed those brats over to Dr. Suess land, I would have in a heartbeat. The rest of the park was nice and open with a distinct feel to each land, all very well done. In some cases like Harry Potter land, they out-Disney, Disney in terms of tiny details and theming that only a fan would recognize or appreciate. As far as the other rides, this is certainly a more adult themed park. Yes, Dr. Seuss land has plenty of stuff for the kids, as does Harry Potter, but the meat and gravy of the park is the immersing 3D/4D rides and the roller-coasters. If you get nausea from being in rides that do a great job of making you feel like you are RIGHT THERE, then skip this park...seriously, you'll be paying 90 dollars to look at Harry Potter scenery and have your ankles shredded by oblivious parents with strollers. If that's not you, then strap up and hold on, because some of these rides are jaw dropping. Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey DESTROYS anything found at an American Disney park...Escape From Gringott's...not so much. The Mummy Ride would be a better Gringott's ride in my opinion. If you can hit it early, sure go, do it...but it pales in comparison to the other HP ride, and certainly isn't worth wasting your time on a lengthy queue.   Lastly, if you can, utilize the single rider line. Yes,  Disney fans, cry foul, there is NO FREE fast pass. If you want that service (I'm cheap, so I didn't) you have to pay for the privilege of walking past your miserable park goers in the normal people line. The single rider is great for couples who don't really care if they ride together...I mean seriously WHAT are you going to discuss on a ride? You skip through ALMOST as fast as the suckers that paid for the Fast Pass service. Universal is a great alternative to the Disney parks, especially the ones in Florida where tranferring parks isn't an hour and a half long ordeal of waiting on Disney's buses. The Hogwart's Express is a awesome way to connect the two parks via the Harry Potter lands, and if that has a line, then the front gates are only a few hundred yards apart. Go check it out, and enjoy something non-Disney on your Disney vacation.
I love Universal Studios & Islands of Adventures! This park is super clean and the staff that I encountered were friendly. The only issue I have is the price of the parks. It is horribly expensive! I paid to go to both parks- 2 days, fast pass to only use once on the rides (excluding Harry Potter) and the Horror Nights and I paid close to $400!! After the initial sticker shock I did enjoy myself on the rides and seeing the shows. Be prepared for terrible crowds during the Halloween Horror Nights. If you don't get a fast pass or do the pricey RIP Tour then expect to sit in line at each haunted house (there are 8 of them) for an hour or more. We only made it to 3 haunted houses in the 6 hours we were there. We were totally fatigued after standing in those long lines. I was upset that I couldn't see all of the houses esp. for the amount of money I paid to get in. If you do have the extra cash to do the fast pass you will have a much better experience. Another thing if you go to the Harry Potter area : get there EARLY! Be prepared to get caught up in a sea of children walking around with wands and robes or run over by parents pushing strollers. It gets crowded to the point where you feel like you can't breath. The park overall is fun, clean and people are friendly from what I have experienced. Citywalk is an awesome place too! Will go again once I save my pennies!
October 12, 2014.  6:30 am ( photo). We flew from Boston for all the new Harry Potter rides. Woke up at 5:00 am. Arrived for our early entrance at 6:30 am. How dare Universal accept us at the gates, corral us to Hogwarts, allow us to line up a third time for Gringotts at 7:00-7:30 am and NOT tell us up front and clearly that the ride (which they had all night to test out and or repair) that gringotts was not operating. Sadly, my son has autism. He needs a schedule and to be prepared. He loves Harry Potter. We could not prepare him for Universal's unprofessional and completely unacceptable lack of organisation.  After all he went through to get on this ride, we were besides ourselves. We could have all back at our hotel eating a nice breakfast or sleeping. We paid extra to get in early( on site hotel " benefit") to use an "express" to avoid lines (which AS KIDS CAN NOT HANDLE WELL). So, for two hours we roamed this park looking for other options...EVERYTHING was closed. No coffee, no food, no transformers ride. No information. None of the employees had correct information. The Universal App. Had complete misinformation. With AS kids you have to have a plan. A schedule. We did our homework. Universal, you completely disappointed us. This is unacceptable. There were thousands of people entering at 6:30. You could have comp. us coffee at the very least. Told us at the gate to turn back. Allowed us the courtesy of preparing our kids for disappointment. You made us all feel like idiots. Then you did it again to us at the Hogwarts express... Allowed us to enter a line when the ride was not operating. Seriously, who is running this operation ? My husband and I are putting this up as the worst experience ever on a family trip.  Your business should get it together or close your doors.
I love love love the minion mayhem ride. So cute and fun! The transformers ride was fun too! I didn't get to ride anything Simpsons, but that's okay. Some of the things in this park are dated. Men in Black? Terminator?? wth. Pay to put some new stuff in there man! To be honest- I really wouldn't have come here if it wasn't for the Harry Potter theme parks. Everything else is just a added bonus :)
I know that people say, you should not compare Universal to Disney but when one is so far superior, even just on a technical level, you really cannot. Take the experience with staff in each park. They are incomparable. You get attitudes and behaviour in Universal that you would never see in Disney. To my surprise, the seriously dated Terminator 2 experience still exists, along with the even more dated Disaster, Twister and Horror Makeup Show. I however wanted to stop by to see the new Harry Potter area and while it is very small, with little return value it was worth the day to see this new beautiful addition to Universal Studios. To be clear and transparent, I am not a trill ride person. At Disney there is still a lot for me to do and see, but if you are not a big ride person then Universal in Orlando has little to offer you.
I love this place more than Disney World!  The rides are all so amazing.  There are fun things for everyone to do and see and the fast pass is worth it! I'm still amazed at all the people that want to eat giant turkey legs...
I went for horror nights and it was pretty good. Best tip I can give you is to get the express pass it's an extra $120 a person but 100% worth. I got to go to all 8 haunted houses and 4 out of the 6 rides and all of the scare zones about twice and still ate there. so it is worth it! and we still left like 30 minutes early and got there a hour after they opened. without the express pass you're looking at about a 2 a wait at some of them! you've been warned !!
Over the years I have visited Universal Studios at least four times. Having stayed at the Portofino Hotel, my wife and kids and I truly enjoyed all of the rides and features at Universal Studios. If there is a negative mark against the park, it is simply that it gets too crowded on days that it can be too hot to enjoy. I'm not sure this is the responsibility of the universal studios management, but visitors must know what they should expect. In a nutshell, there is lots of fun to be had. Kids that are too young will maybe feel a bit left out. Older children and adults can certainly enjoy everything in the park. Pricing can be a little bit high, but this is to be expected at a theme park. I would not miss Universal Studios while in Orlando. Be sure to block off enough time.
We visited 2day and might go back 2 morrow.  You cannot come to Disney World and not visit Universal Studios and the Harry Potter World. I promised myself I would restrain myself and not buy any souvenirs but OH WELL,  GOSH DARNIT  DID!! Spent some major scibbles but I figure that's part of the fum:)
Had an great experience, but I believe that is due to purchasing the express pass. We were able to bypass the people in line.....which was awesome, but it costs a pretty penny. My favorite ride was the Minions and the Men In Black interactive game. Some of the rides were a bit old... Twister, for instance. We came a few months before the Transformers ride was open....I wish I could have checked it out. Oh well.
I love this park. I've been here many times and it never gets old. I'm already planning another trip since we weren't able to do the Hogwarts Express.
We purchased a two day ticket to visit Universal Studios. I had friends tell me that this amusement park could be enjoyed in a day. I am a pretty efficient person myself, but if you want to visit this park at a nice leisure pace, and visit anything Harry Potter, then I would suggest getting the two day pass. We visited this park after 4 days at Disney world and our immediate observation was that the employees at Universal Studios are not very happy here. No one told us to have a good time and no one told us to have fun. They were more business and wanted to get their job done by getting everyone through the lines quickly. I guess thats not such a bad thing after all. I did appreciate the orderliness. Lines here for Harry Potter were LONG. We were quoted a wait time of 75 minutes. But we love Harry Potter so we opted to brave the wait. About 30 minutes into the wait, one of the employees began screaming at us about putting our backpack into the lockers and if we were part of a group, only one person from that group could go to the locker area. If you are not familiar with the locker area (like we were), prepare yourself for a nightmare. The lockers are small so you can only really fit one backpack. You have to provide your fingerprint to get a locker assigned and also to retrieve your belongings after the ride. What happens if the machine can't read your fingerprints? Who knows! When we came, we got to preview Diagon Alley which was freakin AWESOME!!!! The creators of Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley are geniuses. The train ride in between the two is also a genius! Incredible experience. Make sure to buy a two day pass (or a park to park ticket) so that you can hop on the train. They check your ticket to make sure you can go from park to park because Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade are located in two different parks. Thats how they get you to spend more money! Genius! Also try the frozen butter beer. It is delicious and not as sweet as the un-frozen one. The food here seemed a lot better than at Disney World. Universal offered more variety and there were more places to sit down and eat because they did not require any reservations to any restaurants. The Simpsons area was cool. I loved it and the ride was very cool.  The lines were also surprisingly short on 4th of July day. I guess everyone else not at the park was at a family BBQ?! The nighttime parade was REALLY REALLY SAD. It did not compare at all to the Disney World parade. I highly recommend skipping it.
Let me stress how much you should go here. A one day adult pass is $136, but that's really for two parks (Universal Studios as well as Islands of Adventure). Is that steep? Maybe, I don't know. Personally I found it justified since, well, we had an amazing time. E.T. Adventure will always be a great ride. The moment in the middle when you're flying across the moon? Get out of here, it's always going to be special. I don't care how dead you are inside, that has to bring a smile to your face. Everyone must ride this at some point in his/her life. Twister.... Ride It Out was... okay. It wasn't really anything, if that makes sense. You walk into a room, it gets windy, then you exit through the left - I get it. I would've rated this as completely terrible if the charmingly handsome Bill Paxton didn't make an instructional video appearance in the waiting area. God, he's gorgeous. Also, isn't the movie Twister almost twenty years old? I mean, you get rid of the Back to the Future ride and Jaws, but THIS stays? Seems like an odd choice. Lucy: A Tribute is a small museum dedicated to Lucille Ball. As you know, I'm a big fan, so I had to stop in. And if you have any kind of appreciation for her, then you'll really enjoy this. The Horror Makeup Show was moreso lame than bad, so definitely don't bother seeing it. Tianna and I happened to walk past it just as it was beginning, so we figured we'd go in. It's full of awful jokes and makes fun of celebrities a lot, so if you're into that kind of thing then you'll be into this one. The Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit roller coaster was really good. This was our longest line of the day at thirty minutes, which is insanity. We got really lucky with ride wait times (tip: go on a week day in May) When you ride it, you get to pick from a selection of songs to individually listen to during the ride, which was neater than it sounds. They also offer photos and VIDEOS of you on the ride for sale. The incline is practically ninety degrees, so it makes for an entertaining video to watch afterward. We went on the Revenge of the Mummy indoor coaster three times in a row. The line was great 'cause there were little levers to push that would make something fall from above and scare people way ahead of you in the line, too. Why are there not more online reviews about how great this ride is? I feel like Brendan Fraser's association with it may have something to do with that. Why am I continuously mean about Brenden Fraser? It's a mystery, even to me. I also went to Springfield. And there's too much to say, so I'll post about that in a separate review. I really love the look of movie studio lots, so even the setup of the park just made me so happy.
My experience was awesome.  We purchased a one day hopper pass so that we could experience both parks. All I can say is fun, fun, fun.   I can't wait to go back...... without the kids.
I'm a Florida resident go to Universal Studios because my kids love it and my family  lives in Orlando. However, I'm a Florida resident and trying to purchase tickets for Christmas for a family of 7 and I can't get the Florida resident tickets because it" high season". Even spoke to a representative by the name of Karen to confirm what I read online and stated the same thing. There's a blockout period even for Florida residents. This is ridiculous and will be telling my family and friends about this. HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!!!
Great rides! It's the one park that I've been to the most, and that I find entertaining every time I go. I want to go back very soon!
The staff members here are just north of a carnival worker. You can tell that training and ensuring a pleasant guest experience are on the bottom of the priority list of management. You almost feel like teenagers and early 20's workers run the place. Highlights, Minion Ride, Simpsons Ride, Transformers Ride, New Harry Potter World and Train Lows - Employee attitudes and uniforms (ill fitting, not clean), dirty, smells, really high price for what you get. I will not return to Universal until the actually train their people on customer service, I get that Disney does not have thrill rides, but they make up for it with the overall experience.
My experience in Universal Stuido: - Ticket counter persons will pitch to every customer to get 2-theme park combo. This holds up the line for a long while because many customers hesitate. - If you get there late, get the Express Pass add-on (pricey $70) and you are able to get on most of the rides before 5pm closing time. - Harry Potter's Diagon Alley is amazing even though I am not a fan. The details (inside and outside buildings) are just incredible. The hidden dark alley (Knockturn Alley) is truly creepy. The ride is awesome and thrilling. Kids loves the interactive wand ($50) that makes things move, rain, bird sings...etc throughout the buildings. You can easily get carry away just by hanging out there and miss your other rides outside Diagon Alley. - Universal Studio closes at 5pm. If you hang out in Diagon Alley too long, guys with uniform will come to you and ask if you have 2-theme park ticket. If you do, they will give you a wrist ban. If not, they will ask you to leave the park immediately. - Transformer and Harry Potter rides are the best. They cannot be missed.
I was very disappointed on my 2nd trip. The turkey leg was salty and dry,  the three broomstick was uncomfortable to eat in and one of the pastries shop had bad service. I'm not too happy with the food
Excellent beat my expectation...I came under end and had 3 day pass for both park but one day is enough if planned properly First stay in one of the universal hotel so you will get an early entry and not paying parking fees...use Amex for 10% discount. And don't bring a bag to avoid going to locker every time, if bringing get a very small one to fit in lockers easily (though it's waste of time) Now follow the sequence to have everything in one day... Do early entry @8 and goto Harry Potter dragon alley first, than take hogswarth express to island of adventure and finish forbidden journey...these 3 are literally the best experience here... Now finish hulk and dragon in island of adventure, you might wanna do Spider-Man and marvel characters there as well Have lunch now Now Take train back and finish rocket and return of mummy and transformers..., These are the key rides and you will be done by 3 pm 2 pm and 5 pm they have parade so u should attend that and that's it.... Rest of the rides are old and if u have small kids than u might wanna do second day to cover rest.... Though nothing special... Hope it helps...
Universal Studios is a must see/do theme park.  The price isn't that bad especially for the quality of the rides.  Each ride, and ride que is very detailed, and the rides are great for many different ages.   If you go in the summer i recomend purchasing the Express Pass.  My boyfriend and I payed $90 extra each but the longest we waited on a line was 10 min.  We did 2 parks-1day.  When we go back, there is no question that we will be piurchasing hte express pass again.
I love this park! I have been an annual pass holder for the last 7 years. I love all the new things they are adding to the park including the new Harry Potter Diagon Alley and the Transformers Ride!
Short lines, 10 minutes or less all day this end of September.  Only issue we had was when Harry Potter broke down for 30 minutes.  Loved the imagination and thrill of the Harry Potter, Mummy, Transformer, etc rides.  Great time.  Again, would like to see a special resident rate for after 4PM or something less than the current annual pass.  We bring a lot of business to these parks with out of state visitors, but cannot afford annual passes to every where. Had a great day with lots of smiles
Stop firing fireworks on Sunday nights... Every night at 10 pm... ? 9 pm would be a lot more professional! At least give residents earlier peace.
before reading this review, i posted a review of a very negative experience i had at universal orlando's halloween horror nights. for context, please read this review first: yelp.com/biz/halloween-h… at any rate, i called customer service again and tried to speak with someone that would be a bit more helpful in regards to the concerns i voiced in my previous review. the conversation started out good and seemed like it would go somewhere, but i was then informed that i would not receive any sort of compensation or discount or anything in regard to my poor experience because i "left the park of my own volition." i explained to the person that i left because the experience that they had created had left such a sour taste in my mouth that i couldn't stand it any longer. they didn't seem to care one bit and pretty much just shrugged their shoulders and kept with that line. i then informed them that because of this i would be cancelling my annual pass and would not visit the park again and the representative just said "ok. thank you for calling." i don't understand. i was very nice and cordial with both representatives that i spoke with and did not raise my voice once during both conversations and calmly explained the issues that i had. i have always loved this park ever since opening weekend from when i was a child. i have a HUGE emotional connection to this park, which i know probably sounds silly to some people but it's true. i have spent a lot of time and money in this park and absolutely loved every moment of it up until now. i honestly feel like crying. the one time i have something negative to say about my experience and they are unwilling to work with me in any sort of meaningful way. unbelievable. i never would have expected such poor customer service towards any of heir customers, no less a lifelong customer such as myself. you have no idea how sad this makes me and how incredibly disappointed i am in this park right now that i thought cared about its customers as much as its customers cared about it. i guess i was wrong after all these years.
September is a great time to visit from a crowds point of view. We had a wonderful 3 days in Universal and covered allot of ground. Diagon Alley and the Harry Potter expansion is amazing. They really done a great job and it blows you away as does the Kings Cross and London facade. Also the Simpsons expansion is cool with some food options and then transformers is excellent. Really a great park and getting better.
Ever want to: Turn into a Minion. Fight alongside Optimus Prime. Shoot down some Aliens. Help some Extraterrestrials. Travel through Springfield. Star in a movie. Get saved by Spiderman. Fly on broomstick. Get soaked. Turn upside down, and sideways. Well Universal Studios got you covered. Plan of attack..grab a map and know what you really want to do. Started off in Universal Studios Florida. Here are some of the things I recommend going on. 1. First thing I did was go on the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem. Amazingly fun ride, as I got drafted to turn into a Minion only to turn back into a Minion. Darn!!! 2. Transformers 3D ride, fun filled, action packed. Go kick some Decepticons butt as you help along side Optimus Prime. 3. Travel through Springfield and ride the Simpsons ride. Go through Krustyland and stop Sideshow Bob from killing you. It was like a roller coaster ride, but you have never left the room. 4. Star in a movie in Disaster. Be part of the cast of a movie. It is very comical when you experience it. 5. E.T. Adventure ride. Travel on a bike and help E.T. save his planet. It was smooth bike ride. How many times do you actually fly on a bike. 6. Need an adrenaline rush, go on the roller coaster rides. In Universal Island of Adventures. 1. Go to Toon Lagoon Island and get soaked on their rides. 2. Spiderman ride, its similar to the Transformer ride, but this time you are clumsy and getting saved by Spidey. 3. Definitely a must. Go to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Travel through Diagon Alley, tour around Hogwarts, and then go on thrilling ride. You fly up, down, and sideways. It was the best ride in Universal Studios. If you have kids with you. Don't worry there are things they can do to. They can go to Curious George Goes To Town and play in the water. Of course, I had to go play in the water. I was the only grown person playing in it. Another area is the Seuss Landing, simple rides that any child will enjoy. There are also some characters you can catch. The coolest ones were meeting the Transformers. Kick A**!!! I say you should do both parks if you are going to spend the entire day there. Pretty much went through one park in half a day. It's not as crowded, but you will pretty much go through everything at least once. Get into Movie Mode and Lets Go!!!
GREAT park, the fastpass express is worth the money and combine this with the unlimited photo package and you have 14 hours of the best time of your life Combining the two packages will make sure your holiday is fun and memorable, the escape from gringots is NOT worth the wait its 2-5 hour wait for an average ride (similar to the transformers and spiderman ride) you have to go next door to islands of adventure (still a universal park) and go do harry potters forbidden journey that is worth the wait and the best ride in orlando Additionally for this the coke flavours cup is 13 dollars for UNLIMITED soft drinks for all day it is a must buy combine this with fast pass and photo package for the best day ever
Waking up at 4 in the morning to drive to Orlando last week was totally worth it. This is like the third consecutive year I've been to Universal, and I'm happy because nowadays I can never reserve time for a big vacation. Getting the two-park pass is a must because if we're going to spend all day somewhere, it will be in two parks. This day was a big one for Universal Studios, as July 8 was the grand opening of Diagon Alley! I will admit, I completely forgot it was going on until I heard the news on the radio. If you want to have the best experience at this park, do yourself and your family a favor and come at the opening time. The later in the day you show up, the hotter it will be, and the longer you will have to wait at the popular rides. Because the park allowed guests in earlier than the scheduled time, we took advantage of the main rides at Islands of Adventure except for The Forbidden Journey (The Hulk, Dudley Do Right, Popeye, Jurassic Park River Adventure). After cooling off with some Butterbeer, my brother and I were excited to catch Hogwarts Express. This is the best addition to the theme park in my opinion, especially when we have a 1-day 2 park pass. I find that Universal Studios has more selections for food than Islands. Also, I'm more comfortable with indoor rides at Studios, especially when it was the 90s on this particular day. The highlight of this trip was the unexpected visit to Diagon Alley, and the short amount of time it took for me to even get in. Too bad I didn't want to wait hours for the ride, but its ok since I heard later on that there were some issues. Overall, Universal has always been the place to go while I'm in Orlando, and I'll hopefully be back soon!
As far as the theme park- it was awesome.  We had 2 great days exploring everything and had a great time.  Yes, everything is insanely expensive, but come on- you knew that the second you walked into this place. My real problem was the weekend we booked, the park was hosting a christian rock concert the entire weekend.  I am from NJ and work in NY.  I see every religion on a daily basis, and it does not bother me.  However, being surrounded by literally thousands of brainwashed teenagers with shirts that say "Jesus Saves" "Our God is Great" and "Redeemed" was insane.  Jesus tattoos everywhere. It was very uncomfortable.  Knowing everyone around you honestly believes you are going to hell is not a good experience.  Hearing people saying religious phrases like "praise his name" after every ride was not fun.  Seriously, someone should have been able to send out some sort of warning that this event was being held before we booked our vacation.  I encourage anyone going to the park to see what events are going on so the same thing doesn't happen to you.
Transformers the Ride 3D This ride is so over rated but if you are a Transformers fan you have to at least try it once.  If you are not into rides that have you sitting in front of a screen and added movement to it, then this is not the ride for you.  It is a family appropriate ride though. E.T. Adventure It's appropriate for families and of all ages, this ride is so cute and it's not scary.  It's the perfect way to escape the heat and cool off.  No you are not riding on an individual bike that you have to petal all by yourself.  If your a late 70's or 80's baby you have to go on this one time. Revenge of the Mummy This is our favorite ride my hubby and I.  The detail that they go into for you to enjoy while your waiting for this ride is just exquisite, you feel as if you are in the movie.  This ride is amazing you feel fear, heat and anxiety rolled all into one but I promise you it will deliver for all the thrill seeker enthusiast.
We only had one day to spare and decided to tackle both parks. My advice if you are limited on time - do the Express Pass. There are two types. A regular one which will allow one express pass for ride... or the unlimited express pass which you can use multiple times on each ride. We should have probably done the regular (one per ride) express pass since we knew we were limited on time and the price difference was significant but the experience was worth it. The lines for popular rides were well more than 50 minutes each but with the express pass, in you go! I never waited more than 10 minutes for anything. One thing to note is rollercoasters will keep running (yes, even in the rain) but they will close at the first sight of LIGHTNING. This is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5. The rollercoasters closed at 10:40 am and we only had a chance to ride a couple. We were there til closing 6pm (because of a special Mardis Gras event) and they never reopened. They could have given a small discount for food or merchandise to compensate but they didn't. Also, the entrance fee for the parks costed the same this day although the Mardis Gras event closed the parks a couple hours earlier. Now we came to Universal after Disney World and I now wish we cut a day at disney (we went 6 days) to spend an extra day here. The rides are on a completely different level and the lands are amazing. Bring a towl and extra clothes because the wet rides will get you soaked. We didn't try it because we didn't bring any but it looked like a lot of fun. You can rent lockers at the entrance of both parks. Unlimited re-entry for $8. There's lockers at all the rides that won't allow you to take your bags in and they will allow you free rentals for different amounts of time (depending on the ride). Islands of Adventure opened an hour earlier so we took advantage of it and lined up for the Harry Potter ride in the castle first (since you can't use the express pass on it.) That was a smart move because it was totally worth it. Much of Harry Potter Land did not allow the Express Pass so we only went to a couple of things there. Oh and the butter beer tasted just like overpriced cream soda. I heard the frozen one was better. Don't get those plastic memorabilia mugs if you want a glass one, they'll have it at the store. Check out the cool wand store in Hogwarts. They'll have some things you won't find anywhere else. Other rides that I had a chance to check out on my must do list: Spiderman, Hulk, Transformers, Despicable Me, Revenge of the Mummy. Skip: Shrek 3D, Terminator Lastly, check out the movie theaters outside the parks. We watched the new Spiderman movie in 3D on release date and it was amazing. =)
Amazing experience. Fun for everyone. The new Harry Potter attraction is everything and more than I expected. A must see for everyone.
Though most attractions are great, gaining entry to the park is a real hassle.  We waited in line over a half hr. just to park the car.  We waited in line an hour just to buy tickets.(standing in extreme heat)  The snag is that Universals got their staff trying to sell extras with every addmission. Premium parking, meal plans, fast passes, etc.  Explaining this to everyone especially foreigners who barely speak English is a real downer.  They should designate separate lines for those who want the frills.  Universals management has to be greedy and try to slam everyone that enters with expensive extras.  This was not the best way to start a 10hr day at the park!
Not nearly as fun as Islands of Adventure. Some of the stuff here is extremely dated. The park is focused on the magic of movies, which is fine, but if you don't like 3-D rides then it's going to get old, real quick. (*I went just before Daigon Alley was open.) Transformers is a top notch, spare no expense ride. It's intense, quick, fun, and over before the line you waited on has moved an inch. The best part of this ride is the gift shop and the huge Transformers in the photo op section. Still, probably one of the best rides there. Dispicable me is a less intense and more young child friendly version, but no less quality than Transformers. Nicely done, still short ride that may make you sick to your stomach, especially if you wear glasses. Simpsons is another ride that will induce gasto intestinal upheavel if you're sensitive. This one isn't as good as the other 2. The Mummy is a great inside roller coaster. I gave that 4 stars in a dedicated rating. Men In Black is a lot of fun for the trigger happy. My daughter and I rode that a million times and took pictures each time. *The park picture deal is fun. You pay a bunch, but you can take ALL of the pictures. The trick is to repeat the rides and take as many pictures as you possibly can. The more you take, the less each picture actually costs. The big roller coaster is kind of cool, but it has a really bad down side if you're a big person. It is on a rolling loading platform that leaves no time for adjustment. You have to hop in, get locked down, and settled in moments. Now, if you're a large person, the locking mechanism is different than other coasters - it comes across your belly from side to side, not down over your shoulders. It doesn't go all the way across. It turned a really fun roller coaster (and it is a great coaster) into something I legitimately feared for my life. Twice - my daughter loved it and I made a point to clarify that you could only be brave when you are afraid... I am a very brave man. Avoid the Terminator at all costs. That is truly the worst attraction I have ever been to. Nice gift shops. A lot of fun stuff. There is a shop outside of Terminator that has some off beat stuff, like Doctor Who and The Walking Dead. Very disappointed by the customer service people. They handled my sun glass situation really poorly. Half day trip, on a hot day, if you don't mind a lot of 3-D (or throwing up).
Overall: Not as fun as Islands of Adventure (maybe Diagon Alley will help), less crowded. About me: My family went on Black Friday 2012. We arrived at 9:15am, stayed until 1:30ish. We consist of 2 grown children and our parents. Tips: If you have adults in your party, use the Single Rider lines (sometimes well hidden). Do not use if you have children as the party gets split up and kids get scared. 10% AAA discount on all merchandise and food (not alcohol) Arrive after lunch 1pmish and stay until it closes for shorter lines. Lines definitely thinned in the afternoon.   Attractions 1=wouldn't ride, awful  5=best ride ever E=for all ages, mild, 10+=for slightly older children, slightly scary T=scary, some drops, M=thrill-seeker Despicable Me Wait time 45min/Single Rider 5min 4 E/10+ This is a newer simulator with one large screen and 3D glasses. You get into a car that seats 4, put on your 3D glasses and have a great time. It starts with 2 holding rooms, but the videos were entertaining. Shrek 4D Wait time 15min/actual time 20min 3 E/10+ This is a large auditorium with 3D glasses and other elements (like flashes of light, seat movement.) Shrek is always funny. There is one holding room with a fun video and ride guide. Twister Wait time 5min/actual time 5min 1 E/10+ This is an older "ride." You stand in lines while some effects happen like rain and wind. I think this ride needs to retire. Mummy Wait time 45min/Single Rider 1-5min (rode 3 times in a row) 5 10+/T You get into a vehicle on a track. First there are some special effects/video and then the coaster starts. I wish it was longer, but a few drops/fast turns made this very enjoyable.One of the few rides we went on multiple times. (My parents said once was enough for them). Men In Black Wait time 30min/Single Rider 5min 2-3 E You are in a vehicle that seats 4, where you mostly shoot the aliens. Just a couple spins. The Simpsons Ride 5 E/10+ After 2 holding areas with fun videos, you board your own vehicle (seats 8) that raises up with the other vehicles in front of a huge screen. I loved it, but my parents and sister got motion sick and wouldn't ride again with me. ET Adventure 2 E/10+ You go on a vehicle with 4 seats that look like bikes. This may be about time to retire this ride...
I love theme parks. I like Universal more than ever now because they added so much over the last 5 years. Now they have just about everything you can ask for. They are always opening up new hotels that look great. The Harry Potter ride is a must if you don't do anything else. There is something for all ages on the property. Don't forget City Walk. If your a Florida resident you park for free after 4:00pm. I visit every year.
Why 4 stars? Because it's a fun day.  ---   ---   --- I realized (thanks Chris W) that I mixed up my reviews for Universal and Islands of Adventure. WHOOPS! (Corrected) Ratings for each ride: Transformers - 4 Rock-n-Ride - 4 Mummy - 3.5 Men In Black - 3 Simpsons - 4 Despicable Me - 3.5 A lot of the rides like Transformers and Simpsons are pretty much the same ride, with a different video playing, but they are still enjoyable. I've never been on anything like them anywhere else. Men In Black was fun in theory, but it was nearly impossible to tell which lasers were yours, and which ones were the other hundred people's. Color coordination would go a long way here if it were possible. Rock-n-Ride was a really good traditional roller coaster, and Despicable Me was shockingly pretty entertaining.
Tickets: Purchased (2) adult, multi park, two-day passes via MWR for $168. Which was a 60% amount of savings for military folks. Highly recommend if eligible. Florida residents do get a discount. And the Universal website offers $20 off coupons frequently. Logistics: Park is open from 8am - 10pm most days. Arrived at 12:45pm and 8:50am on the two separate days - parked in nearly the exact same spot both days. So earlier doesn't always mean, closer to the front entrance unless you arrive SUPER early or pay for the early entry pass. Our late arrival time on Day 1 was due to the drive up from MIA. Orlando has an airport, but flights are usually more expensive if flying from west coast or South America. It's very easy to find though off of the high way! Universal has an app for iPhones (and androids) that is free that lists the wait times in lines in both parks. It's updated by both park staff and users for general groups - single riders are almost always faster - 80% faster. My friend and I, usually got to ride together too. We only got separated once. Parks: Islands of Adventure, is hands down the better park of the two. Jurassic Park. Comic Book Land. Hard Rock Cafe. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter: Hogsmead. That being said... Diagon Alley - is by far the most impressive side to Universal Studios proper, and of both parks. Every part of the neighborhood looks and feels like you are in hidden neighborhood in London... You will need a multi park ticket to really get the most of the parks and there are 2 reasons: A) The Hogwarts Express... is amazing. And it plays different footage of British/Wizarding landscapes on it's way to both Hogsmead and Diagon Alley. But you can not ride this ride without a multi park ticket. B) The times for waiting in a line are MUCH shorter in Islands of Adventure. So if you arrive without an early entry pass, go to Universal proper, pick up your instant access Diagon Alley return time ticket, and take the Hogwarts express over to the other park to ride rides while you wait to get into Diagon Alley. About 30 minutes prior to the half way point of your entry ticket for Diagon alley - get back on the Hogwarts Express. Everyone waiting to get into Diagon Alley is walking around Universal proper - hence the lines are longer for everything! Even for food and restrooms. Return Entry Diagon tickets are great because you walk in - the standby line is a joke. Why wait in line when you can ride other rides and just come back later and walk right in? Bags & 'Essentials': Nearly all rides require back packs and purses to be locked up in a coin locker - so it's better to wear cargo shorts with flexible pocket space to hold small water bottles, wallets, hats, and sun screen. Sunscreen is needed for the day; and bug spray is needed for dusk - night time riding. Check out the travel section of your local department store for both in light weight pocket friendly options. Ponchos are sold in the park - at park prices. Tampons and Pads are sold for $0.25 in nearly ALL bathrooms - they are just sometimes in obscure places. There are no over the counter medications available anywhere. So if crowds and sun or park food bothers you - bring your own tylenol, tums, etc. There are water fountains throughout the park - so you can refill your own water bottles if you do choose to carry some. ATM fees are HIGH - so pull out cash before hitting any of the local I4 gas stations or entering the park. Several trolly vendors do not take credit/debit cards. FOOD:  Always eat breakfast before arrival. Not only is it cheaper, but there are not a lot of places open early for breakfast, and from the few places that are open...  there are not a lot of breakfast options. Beer: Best beer in BOTH parks is the Hog's Head Brew - sold only in the Hog's Head Tavern in Hogsmeade. Needs to be sold in the Diagon Alley!! It's an amazing beer!!! Dragon Scale does not even come close. Themed Beverages: Butterbeer comes in three options: original, frozen, and ice cream. All 3 are amazing. Original tastes a lot like a root beer float. Frozen was picked as the best variety by all parties in our group. And the ice cream is dense. Fills you up like a meal of its own. Pumpkin Juice is available - and it tastes like liquid pumpkin pie. So make sure it is iced. Meals - Thunder Falls Terrace (Islands) or fish and chips at Three Broomsticks (Diagon). Some of the shepherd's pies or sandwiches are a bit flat and boring in the taste department. If you have the time - treat yourself to a lunch experience at one of the nicer places towards the entrance, but skip Hard Rock. It's over priced (like all Hard Rocks) and the wait time for food is LONG. Rides - the Short List: #1: Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey (Hogsmeade - Islands) #2: Transformers 3D (Universal) #3: The Incredible Hulk (Islands) #4: Hogwarts Express (Islands & Universal) $5: Escape from Gringotts (Universal)
I was worried that staying on Disney I would have no way of getting to Universal Studios.  The people working at the front desk of my Disney hotel arranged for me to take a bus that only cost $20 round trip.  So if that advice is useful to anyone this review will have been worth writing. Besides that, pretty much what everyone else said. It's a very fun place to go.  I prefer Islands of Adventure over Universal Studios but I'm glad I went now before the new Harry Potter insanity opens up.
I am writing this letter to formally express my utter dislike of how my sister was treated by the medical staff on universal studios on Saturday July 12, 2014. My sister and her husband and two children, three more relatives and myself visited universal studios on that date and spent the entire day enjoying ourselves in the park. Late afternoon my sister my niece and I went into 'the mummy' ride and on it, my sister stretched her neck . Since the pain was persistence we approached a staff member of the 'minion ride' and asked if there was anything that could be done for her to get a pain reliever. The staff member kindly contacted the pertinent people and within minutes a staff member of 'health services' came and helped her. He was very nice and stayed with her for a long while. The rest of us decided that while she was getting attention ( and obviously trusting on the professionalism of the staff in universal studios) we decided to take the kids inside the 'minion ride' and left her outside with the gentleman from 'health services'. When we came out my sister was extremely upset and crying because of the way she was being treated by health staff member Justin and Kim. When she was outside the 'minion ride' she was asked to sign a document that stated that she 'possibly got injured' in the park. Since she didn't feel comfortable signing anything without being 100% sure of the wording being used on the document she asked the staff members that she wanted to wait for me to come out and revise it. English is not her first language, even if she speaks it fluently, it doesn't take a special type of person to want to rely on somebody she trusts (myself) to explain to her what she was asked to sign. A staff member called Justin came and asked the first aid gentleman what was going on and he informed him that my sister had not signed the document. He approached her and without even introducing himself he asked her" what don't you understand?" At that moment a lady named Kim came in, RAISED HER VOICE and said "we will not obligate you to sign or not sign but you are an adult who understands English so you can make your own decisions" she also said that she was going to document that my sister refused to sign and that she couldn't keep her "whole staff" there with her. She didn't ask what the situation was, talked to my sister or did absolutely ANYTHING to understand the situation better. 1. MY SISTER DID NOT REFUSE TO SIGN. She only asked for them to wait for me because she didn't feel comfortable with the wording. 2.If Universal Studios does not count with enough staff members to deal with an emergency situation like this one this is something that must be brought up to the competent regulatory Florida government organizations who regulates health and safety in amusement parks. 3. My family is not sure if this is just a case of incompetence or if it is DISCRIMINATION since she didn't understand the language being used in the document. The entire situation was witnessed by James from customer service who never left my sisters side, he took notes and saw everything that happened and tried to comfort my sister since she was obviously upset. When I came out the ride I asked to talk to Kim and Justin since they were rude to her, Justin came,  Kim was said to be "busy" on another call. He gave me the same attitude that she gave my sister and again implied that "I was going to make the decision for her". NO, I would never do that because she IS and adult, I don't understand what was wrong with him and if these staff is in direct contact with the parks guests they should all go through training on how to treat them or speak to them. Yes, they should be trained on how to speak to guests, I know as a fact that the Disney staff goes through that training. I worked with the Miami Heat for over 8 years and we go through Disney  training to Elevate the experience of our guests. Universal Studios doesn't even get close to elevating  anybodies experience in cases of an emergency like this one. I strongly suggest that your organizations tries to emulate the excellent service offered by a company like Disney. My niece woke up this morning saying that we should never go back after she saw her mother crying upset because of the way she was being treated. The worse thing is that we were not disrespectfully to any of the staff in any way unlike other guests who may even try to take advantage of situations like this one. Kudos to James and Vanessa from customer service, they stayed with her at all times to calm her down, James offered express passes and single attraction passes. But it is and act of discrimination when  Kim says that she can't keep her whole staff for her (my sister). You can NOT brush off a guest that got injured in one of your rides like that, if your company handles situations like that that way NOBODY SHOULD FEEL SAFE VISITING YOUR AMUSEMENT PARK
I've been here twice, and had fun both times! A lot of the attractions were fun and interesting. My favorite attraction was the Simpsons ride. It used to be the Back To The Future ride (1st time I went - awesome and at times, funny). But this ride is still awesome, especially since I'm a die-hard Simpsons fan! I even got to see Spongebob at this park as well during my second visit, which was perfect. Overall, great theme park.
Universal Studios is staring to amp up their game. When Islands opened in '01, it immediately became the better of the two parks and Studios started to look a little outdated and boring by comparison. Not anymore. Though I do wish they had kept things like the Alfred Hitchcock attraction and the Psycho house, it's nice to see they are expanding their horizons. Don't forget the adults, though, Studios! If you're gonna tear down something classic, you need to put something worthy in it's place, not another dreadfully bright-colored children's jungle gym.
Better than the one in CA.  If you have AAA, you can get 10% off merchandise and food.  Rides are fun and most are indoors.  I have yet to visit Harry Potter World. Can't wait!
Universal Studios Theme Park is a must stop for any Orlando visitor.  As opposed to Disney World, this theme park appears to be designed for the older youth or adult.  I went down to this park with 3 other adults and we spent 12 hours at this location.  We made sure we got our moneys worth.  Our initial price shock for the entry did shock us a bit, and it seems like everything has a cost, but lets face it, this isn't a place you'd visit everyday.  If you were a Florida resident, then you'd receive a discount.  The rides are great, and the way they've set it up in such a way that you can visit two theme parks in one day which is awesome.  Would I go back?  Of course!  Your family would love, but be mindful that you're paying for the experience and nothing in this world is free.
This place is a hot mess in terms of organization and lines. Also sooooo expensive. There is a "fast pass" but it is an extra $70 and doesn't get you into the Harry Potter ride any faster.  Disneyworld has the smooth transitions, fast pass and ticket purchases down. Universal gets a big fat Fail for making you feel welcome and like they have it together. For Hogwarts you can't take your purse on the ride???? So after waiting FOREVER to get in park, you then have to wait on an hour line and you have to wait on line to get a locker. There better be real beer in that butter beer to calm my frustration. P.S. The Harry Potter ride is as amazing as the Butter Beer. The 60 minute wait seems to be the norm throughout the day. 3 stars because 4 for the ride 2 stars for the management of the line.
The ratings don't make a lot of sense, so I gave one star for my personal experience and not a judgment on the quality of rides.  There is nothing like Universal, and I'm positive all the rides are awesome, but that doesn't help if you can never ride them because you have to wait 2 hours in a line, and then you faint of dehydration and can't enjoy the park anyway. Temps can reach 100 degrees or hotter with humidity during the summer.  Its not worth it for me or anyone else getting ill.  Beware of the heat, especially for kids.  The upside is that their customer service and medical care facilities are upstanding and ethical.  Reality is that there is a tremendous amount of walking, so if you have the stamina for heat and walking, you will have fun, otherwise, the beach is a better bet.  I do have to say that guest services is really nice and professional. They try to take care of their customers. If it wasn't for corporate greed, it would make more sense to limit the number of tickets sold per day to allow all guests a pleasant experience.  Universal attempts to pack as many people as possible with no limitations.  This only leads to long wait frustrations and health risks.  Humans are treated like cattle herded through mazes.
This park hasn't change much over the years, with some exceptions. Two longstanding rides are now gone; Jaws (being replaced by another Harry potter area) and Back to the Future (replaced by the Simpsons ride). I was disappointed to see that they chose to add yet another harry potter area (there is already one at Islands of Adventure), in place of Jaws, which was always a favorite. Otherwise, Universal is definitely geared more towards simulator rides and 3d/4d shows, which I do actually appreciate. There are two roller coasters; one outdoor and one indoor, but simulators and 4d shows make up most of the park. The new Transformers ride is AWESOME. It uses practically the same technology as the Spiderman ride at Islands of Adventure, and it's a big success. Unfortunately, they closed the park to the public at 6:30pm, which seemed way too early to really enjoy everything. However, using express passes, were able to ride everything we wanted, with little or no wait. Unlike Disney, express passes can be used on any ride (no 3 ride limit), but there is a charge for it (per person). We found that it was worth it, especially for rides with long lines like Transformers. While it was disappointing to no longer see Back to the Future, the Simpsons ride was fun, and the whole new Simpsons area was pretty neat. Can't wait to go back again!
My 300th review! Woo Hoo! I grew up on the west coast and going to the SoCal theme parks, including Universal Studios Hollywood. I had always heard rumors that Universal Studios Orlando was better, but just like those who said Disney World was better than Disneyland, I discounted those rumors. I went to WDW in 2006 and discovered and that while it is much larger and certainly a lot of fun, it was not better, just different. So I expected to feel the same way about USO. As it turned out, I was wrong, USO is indeed superior to USH in many ways. About the only thing USH has over USO is that it is the original and actually has a working studio attached to it. Otherwise, USO is larger, cleaner, easier to navigate, has better atmosphere, theming and food. My best friend and I were going on a cruise out of Port Canaveral, so we decided to take a couple of days and hit up Wizarding World of Harry Potter, which is inside Islands of Adventure (Hogsmeade), the sister park to Universal Studios. In my opinion, if you are coming to the resort, buy a park hopper pass because you will want to see both parks and it is very easy to do so as they are just a short walk away from each other. AND this summer they will soon be attached as a second portion of the Wizarding World (Diagon Alley) will be open in US and you will be able to take the Hogwarts Express between the two parks. Because none of the Harry Potter attractions are available on the Express Pass (front of the line pass you can purchase extra), the only way to get on those with limited wait is to stay in one of the UO Resort hotels and you will get in an hour before the parks open. If you have limited time in the parks (which we did) this is one way to get through everything quickly. Ultimately you would spend two days here to be able to see everything without rushing too much. Because our trip was sans kids we went 8am-8pm and managed to get everything in that we really wanted to see. We were exhausted afterwards, but still felt it was worth it. I will be returning to the Orlando area in the fall and we will still only do one day at USO, because if your kids are younger you will be limited on rides you can go on with them because a lot of the height requirements are pretty high. As it is, we will be leaving our soon to be three-year-old average height son at the hotel with Grandma and will only be taking our tall five-year-old and hope he doesn't notice the Hulk rollercoaster, which he still won't be tall enough for. Overall, as a Disney fan because I really like theming and full immersion into the experience, I was impressed with USO's advancements in this regard. You no longer just stand in a bland, generic queue before going on a ride. Each area of both of the parks is an entire experience. Especially impressive is the entry to Islands of Adventure, which is reminiscent of a fantasy seaport village in a vaugely middle eastern motif. It succeeds in setting you in the mind that you are truly going on an adventure. The dining here is also above your typical theme park food, albiet just as expensive as you have come to expect. Three Broomsticks in Hogsmeade and Mythos (also in the IOA park) are especially good and you should not miss the Butterbeer (non-alchoholic). I prefered the regular Butterbeer over the frozen.
Universal studios islands of adventure is awesome!!.....WE LOVED IT....me,my wife,7yr old and 2yr old had a blast here..... we went on a sunday(july 6),got there around 11:30am....then it started rainig for like 3 straight hours.....so by time it stopped raining it was 2:30pm.....at that time alot of people had left the park because of the rain...so we enjoyed all the rides for less than 5 minutes waiting in line.....:):):):)......harry potter ride was super nice,jurassic park,hulk,popeye,toon lagoon,citywalk.....we felt in love with this place!!!! will go back again...1st Flores family disney/orlando vacation....dallas tx.. IT WAS AWESOME!!
The producers of this backlot production have carefully scripted how to separate you from the money in your wallet, and they have it down pat; from parking to overly high priced concessions. Aside from the walk, the wait and the price the park offers you a good chance to escape while enjoying the time (hopefully) with your family and friends. Like the advertisements say, you cant see it all in one day so if you can budget the two or more days do it, when taken at a slower pace the rewards are even sweeter. TIPS: If you need one of the electric carts I suggest you reserve it in advance they run out even on non capacity days. When queuing for parking lots stay to the right, those lanes open up more and it saves a good bit of time getting in.
This is the second park my boyfriend, family, and I entered in during our stay in Orlando, Florida. This is the first time at Universal Studio for my boyfriend and myself. We went on a Saturday and arrived around 12PM and it was definitely crowded. The size of the park isn't as big as Epcot for sure.   I didn't go on all of the rides since my stomach wasn't feeling well for a few hours while we were at Universal Studios. However, I did manage go on two rides - the Kang & Kodos Twirl-n-Hurl which was fairly fun and appropriate for all ages. We went on the E.T. ride too which was kind of fun, but I am a little afraid of heights, but it turned out to be okay. We got to see the new Simpsons section of Universal Studios and it was very fun and interesting. I wished we were able to eat at Krusty's Burger though. We also sat and watch Fear Factor Live which I thought was very exciting and fun! I've seen Fear Factor on television before so I knew there would be some freaky things  that would be done. It was a great crowd at this show and it was fun to watch it live! Overall, not a total bad experience at Universal Studios, but it was just very crowded and we weren't able to go on every ride we wanted to go to. Next time, I would like to go on the Simpsons ride, try Krusty Burger, and visit any cool spots we didn't get to before.
Money trap, everything about this Park is a scam, and I thought Disney was bad. Our last day in Orlando purchased the 1 day 2 park package $136 out of the gate they are pitching the express package another $99 per person. By the way this is the only way you will get on any of the good rides. Here on a Tuesday AM 80 minutes for Minion 60min for express, great deal huh? Next off to walk the park, half of the features are an additional fee $5 each for a couple minute rope climb etc. So we pay $235 each for a park that is mostly additional fees. Also the food and trinkets are 1/2 again more than Disney which is already expensive. Bring you own water $4 per.
This part of the park was pretty disappointing, its quite small when compared to Islands of adventure and has a lot less enjoyable rides. The mummy ride was awesome and the rip and ride rollercoaster was OK(gave me some neck pain) but as other people said its quite outdated and needs a few more thrill seeking rides. We ate in Simpsons land and Kristy burger it was nice but quite expensive. ($24 for two burgers and fries)
This was my first visit and it was not what I expected. As soon as I walked in I knew this was a theme park that I would love. Me and my son loved Universal as well as Islands of Adventure on our recent visit. I just wished we had more time there instead of at the Disney parks. Went to Universal and IOA on our last day in Orlando and purchased the two parks in one day pass. Time was ticking so I didn't get to ride a lot of rides due to wait times and wanting to visit the other side but I'll most definitely be back.
Meh, I greatly prefer islands of adventure. This park has about 10 rides and my guess is that 8 are for kids. However, the Rockit roller coaster is the best coaster of both parks. We rode it twice back to back. The rest of the rides were either too short, too kiddie, too old, or plain old blah. After Rockit, the next best thing was seeing the characters around the park and taking pictures. Otherwise the place was pretty dead. Even the design is less fantastical than IOA. We meant to spend a day here but used our park to park passes to go back to IOA before lunchtime. If you go, I highly recommend the fast passes because you can walk right up to the front of the line.
I don't know why people confuse this place with Islands of Adventure. They're two separate parks. Come here for the Minion Mayhem Ride, Shrek, Transformers, Simpsons, Men in Black, and Terminator. If you're looking for Marvel Island, Jurassic Park, or Cat In The Hat, you're in the wrong park. That said, I like this Universal Studios more than the one in Los Angeles. Bigger is better. And here, they have more things to see. I pretty much like all the rides here. But, if you're pressed for time here's what I recommend in this order... Minion Mayhem, Simpsons, Men In Black. That's my top three in that order. Have a blast and don't get run over by the parade like I almost did.
I went to both Universal parks and then went to 4 Dinsey park.  If I could do it all over, I would have went to both Universal parks and spend the rest of my vacation at the pool.  The crowds were smaller, charactors seemed to be always on the move and I got a better feel about this park.  Since I am a huge Simpson's fan, I really enjoyed seeing the entire area dedicated to the show.  I will return here.
While we had a fun day overall, I can't say the astronomical ticket price is worth the cost. They heavily advertise an express ticket to skip the lines for $75+ extra (at least in the summer when I was there) but they also offer a weird outdated little tamagatchi looking device for an additional $40 where you can schedule the rides you want. We opted to rent that (I WISH I had a photo, it's so ridiculous looking) so we could avoid waiting TOO long. (For example, if you wanted to go on the Transformers ride and it was a 2+ hour wait, you could claim a spot for 1pm and go on other rides in the meantime). An odd system but it worked pretty well. Sad to see a lot of the classic rides gone including Jaws and Back To The Future. Gone like my childhood!
We tried to enjoy this park but it's not as good as the Islands of Adventure or Disney. It feels outdated and the rides are basically the same base with a different movie on the screen.  Shaking the base different ways doesn't make it a different ride.  Twister was weak, and Disaster was too long.  ET? How old is that ride?? MIB was just ok.   It wasn't busy.  We never waited for a ride.  Do they ever seriously fill up all those line lanes? None of us were excited about anything in this park.  Back to islands of adventure tomorrow!!
Visited Islands of Adventure in one day. Good idea to invest in the Express Pass as bypassing long lines is nice when limited for time. Also a good idea to go first to the Harry Potter part of the park as it gets very busy later in the day. Also, bring a poncho if you plan to go on water rides (worth it!).
Oh Universal... how I have a love/hate relationship with you.  There are so many fun things about you while at the same time, some things I just don't care for.  I don't feel this way about some other theme parks... but luckily the good stuff outweighs the bad.  Hence I continue to enjoy what you have to offer. I have been going to Universal since the day it opened.  I have enjoyed many of the ride and addtractions over the years.  Seen old ones leave and new ones come in.  I actually stopped going to Universal for a number of years because there really was nothing to interest me anymore.  I did the occasional  Halloween Horror nights but nothing else really interested me any more.  When they added the Harry Potter area over at IOA, thats when I got a new annual pass.  I really do enjoy the new Potter area and I normally go for that.  With Universal now building the new Diagon ally area, I am looking forward to more Potter goodness.  I did notice for many years the upkeep of the park was declining but since Potter has brought to much business to them, things seem to be in better repair. The park has also just finished adding Springfield from the Simpsons and I do enjoy seeing this cartoon come to life.  The Transformers 3D attraction is also great as is the Despicable Me attraction.   I am not much for roller coasters so I don't go on those but the rest of the park is good.  I do enjoy the ability to buy booze all over the place.  So when I went with out of town guests the other day, I rode the things I liked with them but left the roller coaster to the big boys.  I sat it out with a beer and people watched... and believe me, the people are the best part of the show!   On a less busy day, you can see just about everything you want but on busier days, expect long lines and crazy crowds!
My boyfriend and I had a blast hopping between this park and Isles of Adventure.  We paid about 135 each for a one day park hopper which is totally worth it since the parks are walking distance.  They also offer fast pass tickets for a 70 add on.  This allows you to cut lines.  We love thrill rides, so the rides here were more suitable for us than the ones at Disney.   There is also a "City Walk" prior to entering the park.  This is a walkway with a lot of fun themed restaurants.  At night, it really lights up and turns into an adult party. One thing to note, some rides do not allow loose articles.  So if you are carrying a bag, even if it's across the shoulders, you need to put it in a locker.  There are lockers scattered all around and they allow for an hours use for free.  Kind of annoying having to lock up your things before every ride.  We loved the Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit roller coaster! TIPS:   -Download the Universal Studios app to get maps and ride wait times. -Do not buy the fast pass until you get in the park.  If you see that the lines are super long, you can always exit the park to buy the add on. -If you really want to cut down on wait times, go in the single rider lines.  The wait times are cut in half by about 50% but you will ride with a stranger.
Never again. I'm a frequent universal orlando theme park goer and I'm so tired of rides going down. MIB, minion mayhem, rip ride rocket. They all go down and no one knows what to do. They close the ride - them open it just to have us wait for 1 hr because "the ride is experiencing brief delays". Really???!!!  I haven't experienced this to such an extent at Disney. I won't waste my money anymore.
Expensive in all aspects
Fun park!  Unfortunately I only got to enjoy the new side as I only had a few hours to spare.  Harry Potter area was amazing.  Attention to detail was definitely apparent in this area.  From the settings to costumes, to actors.  Loved it!  As far as rides, the super hero area definitely had the best rides.  My favorites in this order where:  the dome, hulk, Spider-Man.  I definitely want to come back for the older part of the park.  This time I think I'll bring the kids.  Lol
The only reason I give four stars is the ride with the Simpsons. We all were about to throw up when it ended. I do not complain about the show, it's just they could have emphasized that there were really strong motions like tilting. The signs and the warnings were the same with the Twister and the Terminator which did not bother at all so we assumed it could not be too bad, which was so wrong. Anyway we appreciate all the effects and the animations, it was an amazing experience. Just read the reviews before going and be careful if you have motion sickness problems.
Took my family (3 kids) to Universal Studios Theme Park for their Spring Break.  My kids enjoyed the Theme Park over the Islands of Adventure.  Both places need real coasters.  These 3D and inside coasters are entertaining but boring.  Few things kids and I enjoyed ... Transformers; MIB; and Rock-it coaster.  Harry Potter was Ok; whole family felt nauseous after the ride.  Food is way too expensive.  Thank God that using my Amex got me 10% off.  We are disappointed.  Definitely not Disney World and don't think they will ever be even close enough.  I know that I will never be returning to Universal again; there is nothing there to draw me back.  But as far as Disney World; I will be.  I was not able to see the live concerts which probably would have been the highlight of Universal.  The parade was completely broke.  Did not compare to Disney's parade in the Magic Kingdom.  Even the evening special show celebrating 100 yrs of Universal Studios didn't compare to Disney Fantasia.  Sorry for poor review.  Unless you like all inside rides, Universal isn't for you.   Adventure Island had more coaster but long lines and nothing to exciting.  Definitely didn't find any thrills on the coasters myself and my 12 yr old son.   Unless you like a simulated rides ... this place this not for you.  I do not and will not recommend this place to anyone of my friends with kids.  I feel bad for families that come here and skip out of Disney.  Disney maybe more money but at least you get your money's worth; unfortunately you don't at Universal.
This place is still fun even if there's only 1 real roller coaster. That Rock whatever coaster was pretty fun. It's similar to the Hulk ride at Island Adventures but instead of just a thrill for the first few seconds, it's good throughout. Especially when that that bar isn't as tight as it should be and you're being flung out of your seat. The rest of the park is the usual. Kiddie rides and what not. Still fun. I rocked the shooting game because I'm awesome. The one tip I picked up for this park was. Go when it's going to rain intermittently. Most people will head home when it starts or not go at all because of the forecast which means shorter lines. The rides don't close unless there's lightning. And buy a cheap $1 plastic poncho, board shorts and sandals so you can walk around while everyone is waiting for the rain to stop.
First of all - There are a few places that are amazing. ET, Disaster, The Simpsons ride stand out but there are a few draw backs. I have never been solicited so many times as I was in this park. I was propositioned 3 times for a $20 photo before I even got in the park. When I finally got to the ticket counter the woman kept insisting I needed more than the standard 1 park 1 pass per adult ticket. She said "what's the matter are you too chicken to go on the roller coasters?" Then she told me to buy express passes for an extra $50. When I told her I had a health condition and questioned questioned express pass because  it was a rainy day outside of the peak tourist time she asked me to buy a lanyard for $5 to put my ticket in. Wait. What? F - you. Be prepared. These sharks will try and get every last dime you have.
Fun and friendlier place.  Cool attractions, here I like the Mummy the most.  Biometric locker rules in place. Took pictures with characters and the photographers were kind to take more pictures with your own cameras.  Photo packages not bad for unlimited. All other personnel were kind too. They know all other happenings in the park outside of their areas. Express lane fee a must during the holidays as lines get very lengthy.
So I am a florida resident I have grown up here coming here my whole life and NEVER have I ever had a worse experience, to kick start our awesome night of fun for Halloween horror nights we spent $200 a person to come here and get greeted at the gate by a woman saying our tickets are invalid and won't scan because their kiosk messed up. After sitting outside the gate for roughly an hour while all of our friends continued inside we finally get let in to be sat aside again so they can then check our fast passes (which we paid an extra $100 for) as three gay men at this point we feel like we're being discriminated against. After about 2 Halloween houses and a group of people that tried to fight us and verbally harassed us not one staff member or security guard assisted in helping prevent that BUT DONT WORRY they all had time to come up to me and check my ID every 10 steps I took instead of worrying about the safety of their costumers, don't worry Universal my friends and I (including everyone I know) will never return to this establishment of discrimination and profiling. Thanks for robbing us of our money !!
what a waste of money. 130 dollars for entrance into 2 parks that only have maybe 20 rides all together. there are more restaurants and shops than rides. in fact there are 10 times more places to eat than attractions. i live in michigan and one of the best amusement parks with some of the best roller coasters is right near by for 45 dollars. double the rides, better rides and 1/3 the cost. also, the themed areas could have been so much more interesting. half the places in each (like harry potter and simpsons), was just for looks. you couldn't enter them, just look at them. i was really disappointed with this. also the two separate park and two separate prices is ridiculous and a rip off. also, really annoying that you have to leave one park, walk to another and finger print in. just a really bad setup. love, juston
It has been a long, long time since I've been to Universal. We had out of towners visiting that wanted to go though so we took them on a brutally hot Saturday. I highly recommend the speed pass. Worth every penny. Prices are steep but if your time is valuable, you'll see it's totally worth the investment. The longest line you'll wait in then, is to park in the garage. If you plan to go on water rides, I recommend bringing something to protect your speed pass to make sure it doesn't get wet. Don't worry about lockers too. The technology at the park is state-of-the-art, timing the wait of rides and giving you free access to the lockers while you wait. All you have to do is provide an imprint of your finger. Granted, you only get the freebie once, it's pretty neat and an improvement from paying. The new Harry Potter land is incredible. I've not read the books or seen the movie but you could feel the magic. This is the one ride where the speed pass did not allow you to skip the line but too is worth the hour long wait. Kids, adults, grandparents would love it. Being a Florida resident, I would go again...next week!
Just went to Universal Studios and IOA with my niece for her 5th grade field trip. The kids I chaperoned had an amazing time! Our favorite ride was the Popeyes water ride. It was a great way to cool off on a hot day. The workers at the transformer ride were very kind and helpful. Had an amazing experience. Only thing is, we all didn't like the food at Universal.
We didn't spend as much time in this Theme Park as we ended up spending in the much more fun for the family Universal's Islands of Adventure. We did enjoy what little we did explore, but yeah... we just found more things we were all interested in next door at Universal's Islands of Adventure. This is anything but a bad Theme Park... I especially enjoyed the ease of navigation of this Theme Park, but found that we just enjoyed more next door. The park made up of 50 attractions (3 of them being Roller Coasters) is well laid out and clean... despite the elusiveness of their custodial staff (not as obvious as Disney's white costumed Cast Members) was spotless. The company does a great job of creating a heavily themed clean environment for all to enjoy. There are 7 areas to explore in this Park: New York, San Francisco, London/Diagon, Woody Woodpecker's Kid Zone, Springfield, World Expo, & Hollywood (this is where you'll find the awesomeness that is "Hollywood's Rip, Ride, Rock It RC.) I love how considerate this company is of the Florida heat providing so many covered/shaded queues for people to wait in. I guess my only complaint... and it's kind of a minor one is that I realize that they normally have quite a few characters out and about, but I honestly don't remember seeing a single one the day we went. Perhaps we were always just in the wrong place at the wrong time... either way we all had a blast at Universal Studios Florida! I would have loved to have seen the characters from "Despicable Me." Make sure you have a camera ready at all times because this Theme Park is pretty visually stunning!
I doubt one really needs to read yelp reviews if they're considering a theme park. However I will say that Universal is likely the more mature park, though that only means maybe 8-14, rather than 5-10 for Disneyworld. Given that it takes both parks to really make up a full day, $128 a ticket is pretty rough.
Out of all of the theme parks I've been to, this one takes the cake. This was pretty much my childhood, and I've been here more times than I can remember. Between the two parks, there are a large variety of rides, and there something to do for everybody. There is a lot of Nickelodeon and Disney themed stuff, and a large variety of rollercoasters. In terms of service and etc, I found that the food was affordable compared to other theme parks. I mean yeah, it'll be more expensive than what you would pay outside, but it's a theme park, so it was affordable comparatively speaking. I do have an issue with that pass that lets you cut in front of everybody. Why should people be given the option to pay extra money just to cut in front of everybody that paid a fair price to get into the park? The park is expensive enough to get into anyway, and now I have a bunch of rich people cutting in front of me because mommy and daddy can afford it. I don't find that fair at all, because it makes the lines twice as big. And on a typical Florida day when the heat is bearing down on you, and you just want to go on a rollercoaster, that extra wait is irritating. In my opinion, everybody (of the same age group) should pay the same price, and there shouldn't be ways to buy your way to the front of the line. That's the only issue I have with Universal Studios.
I love this park & the rides; people tend to confuse it with the islands of adventure,  there's something for all ages to do! My favorite rides are The Mummy & the Simpson (the Simpsons ride actually feels like your on a real roller coaster although it's a projector your in front of).
Universal Studios feels a little outdated and perhaps a little of the light side of rides and attractions but it's still fun. Loved the Revenge of the Mummy ride. The New Orleans type area was great with the street parties, really cool vibe, and great evening entertainment.
This is the worst park I've ever been too. A complete waste of time and money. You'd be lucky to get one ride in for the day. There's only like three good rides and they constantly close if there's lightning within 5 miles. Waited in line for 3.5 hours for a ride that would never open. We'll never, I mean NEVER come back here. Express pass is no good when rides are closed. Forget this place.
I find it ironic that the tickets for Universal Studios are $135 and then if you want a quick pass to the front of the line it costs an additional $47.  So, for the day it would be $182 per person!  Ouch - for the normal typical person in this economic turmoil there really should be no quick pass!  Food was typical for a park, nothing great or tasty. Ate at one of the restaurants and no big deal. Had to wait in line just like everything else at Universal Studios. Had no children with us, just us two ladies.  Lots and lots of kids though.  OMG it was a Florida School day at the park where children advancing from one grade to the next were awarded tickets by the school.  I felt like it was an invasion of so many children!!!! Muah. Unfortunately, when we walked into the park it had a sign that said the park will be closing early - 6 p.m. - due to a private function.  Found out that it was the school day thing and I was able to go onto a few rides, but the lines were so long of a wait that sometimes it just wasn't worth it.  Did go to the Nascar restaurant/bar and had a glass of wine.  At that time the waiter said it was happy hour and appetizers were 1/2 off.  So, we decided on a spinach dip.  Never had one so horrible in my life. There was basically no spinach hardly and it was quite runny. I do not recommend this place for food, only drinks!!!! Would I go back, probably not if I had to pay that amount, but if the tickets were free definitely!
Universal Studios will be one of the great memories you will want to experience over and over.  I highly recommend purchasing an express pass and arriving at the theme park at opening time to enjoy the entire park in one day.  I also recommend purchasing a 2-day park to park admission to enjoy the Hogwarts Express and to ride your favorite rides again.
As with other people have said, when ever you are making a purchase at Universal they will try to up-sell you.  At the ticket line, they want you to purchase a two park ticket when you only want the one park.  They'll say "but you'll be missing out on all these rides (a long list shown on an ipad).  Then they try to sell you the "express pass" to reduce you wait in line by more than half for another $47 dollars.  I would say that if you only have one day there get the express pass as it will save you lots of time but make sure you budget for it. When buying food, they will up sell you there as well.  "You can get two churros for $5" instead of paying $3.25 for one.  In the gift shows you see signs that read 2 for $10 everywhere. Once you get over the annoyance of all the up sells the rides are GREAT!  Harry Potter Land is really awesome, the Hulk and Spiderman rides are cool also.  This park is laid out in a loop.  Once you make your way around the loop you're done! If you have kids under 7, there's not a whole not for them to ride/do.  This park is geared towards kids 9 years old +. Oh I forgot to mention, the butter beer is delicious!
Love this place. We have season passes and have gone a ton - never gets boring. There are a couple of play areas for the kids, awesome rides, decent food and entertainment. The light/fireworks show at night on the water is very cool too.
Rides were awesome, the attention to detail is brilliant, although looking a little dated. Lots to see and do, and the kids loved every bit especially meeting spongebob and squidward. A bit pricy as u would expect especially parking, next time I would definitely take a packed lunch. The Queues were not as bad as I thought or maybe we got lucky.
Universal Studios is a great theme park, but if you HAVE to choose between this, or Islands of Adventure, I would choose Islands of Adventure. Universal Studios park is great, but not too many big rides. If you walk in and go to your right, one of the first best things to do is the Horror Make-up Show! Fun for kids and adults. My husband and I love going and watching, for the awesome make-up and for the mindless, silly humor. Before the Horror Make-Up Show, the Lucy Museum is pretty fantastic for any Lucy fans! E.T. is a great ride, fun for kids and adults. The Men-in-Black ride is fun for an interactive ride! You will be shooting aliens! Now that Jaws is down, really, there isn't much to do between that and The Mummy. The Mummy is a great, fast paced, "scary" ride! The Rip Ride Rocket is fun, but they shaken around! I can't actually ride this ride any longer, is always causes me to get a Migraine.
Wonderful Sunday at Universal studios. Typical theme park with the usual high prices for food and beverages, I would say that some of the things needed updating: Twister & Terminator 3D need a serious overhaul, both are showing their age and aren't relevant any more. Loved Disaster! That was fun, I especially like the Christopher Walken cameo.  The new Transformer's ride was a lot of excitement, and so was the Mummy. I was sad that Rockin' Rollercoaster was down, I'd really been looking forward to riding that.
I love the Simpsons themed section. I would buy a ticket just to go here. It's nothing interactive, but it's fun to take pictures. There's the Kwiki-mart, Cletus's chicken Shack, Moe's, Krusty Burger, Duff Gardens, Lard Lad Donuts, Bumblebee Man's taco stand, and of course Simpsons's themed rides. The park is pretty small. We were able to do the entire park in a day, without the xpress pass. There's also a mid day parade if you like that sort of thing. There you can see your favorites characters as they dance down the street. The parade lasts about 20 - 30 minutes so plan accordingly.
If you have a choice, go to Islands of Adventure.  However, this might change once the Transformers ride opens (and in the future the Simpsons area). The rides are enjoyable.  However, there are less big roller coasters than at Islands of Adventure.  Must dos are Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket and Revenge of the Mummy.  If you don't get motion sickness then Simpsons is also a lot of fun.   You should do Despicable Me first.  We made the mistake of bypassing it, because it was at 35 minutes right when the park opened.  However, for the rest of the day it was more than 75 minutes, so we never rode it.  I will be back to ride it. We got to the park about 9:15 a.m. and went straight to the Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket and it was less than 5 minutes wait.  We then made it around the park and never waited for more than 20 minutes for a ride.  We made it through everything (other than Despicable Me), by about 3 p.m.  Universal Studios is definitely less crowded than Islands of Adventure or Disney, but that might change once Transformers opens. I realized the main reason I like it less than Islands of Adventure is that the different themes of the park are different major cities (like New York and San Francisco).  This just made me want to go to the actual cities.  At Islands of Adventures the areas are different worlds (like Dr. Seuss, Harry Potter, Marvel), which is a lot more fun.
Expensive to enter and eat, outdated rides, ridiculous lines for rides, and only one outdoor roller coaster.  The one outdoor coaster looked to be the only thrilling ride at this park.  Of course, the line was 90 minutes long.  Fuck that!
My husband and I recently returned from a trip celebrating our tenth anniversary at Universal Orlando, and Islands of Adventure. We are both movie fanatics, and I have wanted to experience the Orlando park since its opening. I have to say, in spite of some inclement weather, we had an amazing time. The customer service at the Universal properties is exceptional. From the very first moment we arrived, we felt not only welcomed but appreciated. We picked up our tickets and mentioned to the girl at the ticket window that it was our anniversary, and she not only congratulated us with a huge smile, but directed us to Guest Services where were given buttons announcing the event. Everywhere we went inside the park, employees smiled and congratulated us, and shared their own stories of happy experiences. At Mythos, (more on the restaurants later) the head chef came to our table to chat with us, and cogratulate us personally. In addition they delivered a complimentary dessert to our table. The characters they have walking the grounds and working the shows are 100% committed to the characters they portray, whether the slick suited MIB agents or wacky tourists. Our third day out, I arrived at the park only to discover that I had misplaced my ticket. The Guest Services office was more than happy to reprint it for me, ensuring that our vacation ended on a high note. Beyond the people, the park itself is amazing. The subtle little details they apply to everything - from the wait areas for ride lines to the interior of each and every restaurant - ensures that visitors remain fully immersed in the experiences Universal offers. The rides and shows are great fun, and well thought out with the guests in mind. We had an incredible time and are already planning on a return trip. Bravo, Universal, bravo.
I have a fond memory of Universal Studios... ride the movies! And even while you wait in line, feel as though you're on the set (e.g., in MIB's office), or part of the movie experience (you're a Minion recruit watching instructional videos -- don't forget your 'safety goggles!'' [3D glasses]). My husband had never been, and I was so excited to introduce him to a few of my favorite rides. Looking at the brochure, not able to locate them, I was initially baffled. Then I realized: they were gone! The classic films and rides that made such an impression on me when I was a teenager -- Kongfrontation, Jaws, Back to the Future -- had all closed, and most, been replaced. In fact, the only remaining ride attractions from my previous visit were E.T., MIB, and Twister. And of those, E.T. is the only classic, original-to-the-park ride. The new rides focus so much on video simulation. For me, that gets old, is sometimes visually hard to process, and ultimately, it's just not as impressive as giant animatronic monsters. But we still had fun... mostly with Despicable Me and MIB; the indoor Mummy coaster was good too. Show-wise, the Horror Makeup production is hilarious. The Actor Animals, cute. And the Graveyard Revue, lame. We saw the 5pm parade... it's really small; but didn't stay for the night-time 100-year waterfront celebration and fireworks. The biggest reason for the 3-star rating: This park is showing its age. Pretty soon, they're going to need to redo the whole kids section -- have kids these days ever heard of Barney, Fievel, or E.T.? But rather than solely face-lifting the rides to combat this, as they have been, I think what's really needed is an upgrade of the neighborhoods. The small storefronts for New York and San Francisco just look so diminutive and yawn-worthy when compared to sister park, Islands of Adventure, with its massive, enveloping Hogsmeade village, flashy Marvel comic world, and towering, colorful Seuss-land. Also compared to IOA, fewer thrill-seeker rides here, and a lot more 3D experiences.
This is one of my favorite parks! Just behind Cedar Point! And The Hulk is still one of my top five favorite coasters! And I've rode a lot! They have a wide variety of rides, and several roller coasters. I would recommend this to teens and adults, who would know more about some of their movies and shows. Disney World would be my choice for the little ones over the 2 parks. I can't wait to go back!
Universal has pluses and minuses. Pluses: good rides and fun characters. Minuses: line management and prices. There are lots of great characters here. They seem to be always updating them with new characters from their movies.  The rides are also a blast. Lots of fun and a variety for all family members. On the downside, Universal has no clue about line management. Rides have 45 minute plus wait times 10 minutes after opening. And they charge outrageous prices for their version of Fast Express to not wait in the lines. Overall, it's a great set of parks. Just let your wallet be prepared and be ready for long lines. Lots of long lines.
Yikes!  We came in December where the hours are 10-6.  We bought only the pass for universal, not islands and paid a little over $400.  Very boring and underwhelmed!       Why are there so many simulator rides??  I want some real rides for that much money.  We left at about 3 or 4, just due to the fact of boredom.  The highlight of the day was the Horror make up show.  Very funny and entertaining.  Stick with Disney...I would never go back here.  Would maybe go to Islands, but most likely not...we have Great America for a third of the price.
Crazy overpriced and long lines. Even the ticket line was long because each family seemingly needed to contemplate the meaning of life up there or something. It was all upselling. Know what you want before you get there and we all win. We had some okay food at the Burger Digs in the Jurassic Park section and hightailed it over to the Wizarding World. It was so crowded the day we went that there were 20 minute lines to get Butterbeer, 1.5 hour lines to wait in rides and SO many people that you could barely shuffle here and there. I've heard that it's less busy on other days. Must be nice. Go to Disney instead.
Went here in the middle of January thinking there would be no lines. Went on a Saturday, and for some of the rides the lines were still long. Transformers was around an hour wait, and it broke down while we were in line too which sucked. Minion ride was a 90 minute wait at the end of the day too which sucked. Both those rides were fun though. Springfield is awesome. Went MIB single rider and got on in 3 minutes, too much unnecessary spinning on that one though. T2 is still the same show from like 14 years ago, a classic though. Another Harry Potter world is coming though and they're going to have a train that goes between the 2 parks so that should be pretty cool later on.
Overall, I had a wonderful experience. There were a lot of things to see and do at the theme park. A whole lot of fun for all ages. They have rides, shows, attractions, food, and just about anything you could think of. My favorite of them all was the disaster show. I enjoyed that they chose many people to be a part of the show, as well as the whole audience. A definite must see and do. I was a little sad that the jaws ride was gone since 2012. A worker said they closed it because the operating costs were too high. Also, the rocket ride was closed for the morning because of the strong winds. I ended up not riding it because I didn't stay the whole day. Seemed like they had things running smoothly. At least I didn't notice that any of the rides broke down when I was in line, which was a plus.
Fun park. Pretty empty. Nothing like the California version. I would love to see more of that in this park.
Its been yaers since I came but went here last weekend to the Island of Adventures since we were in town for the Disney Princess Half and Harry Potter land has been on my list for a while. This place is much more geared towards adults. Harry Potter land was small but the rides were pretty awesome and it reflected the books well. Pricing wise, it is pricey but same as Disney BUT you can get the Fast Pass which I think was totally worth it to be able to get into the shorter lines. It'll be a few years before going back again but still fun as an adult. Also, I'm pretty impressed that meal prices were not bad at all. We ate at Three Broomsticks and while they might gouge you for the ticket price, meals weren't bad at all.
Love it here! I am a season park pass holder. I wish they would charge more for the express passes though because half the park has it now. Love the rides and excited because today is beautiful!
My kids all loved this park. My kids range between 7-15 and they all preferred it to Disney World. The rides are all themed on the movies. The streets are like movie sets so you go to old NYC little Italy with godfather music to San Francisco and then to The Simpsons land. You don't have to like fast roller coasters as a lot of the rides are 3D like the transformers (out of this world), The MUmmy (excellent roller coaster but not as scary as the big high ones!), twister( special effects show) and The Simpsons ( what a 3D ride!). The main thing that I noticed was that the place was really really clean. Everything looked like it was brand new, all freshly painted and new. The old ET ride is not that good but is so clean and the ride is so well done that my little one loved it. We have been twice and we had less queuing here than we have had in the theme parks of England where you are lucky to go on four rides in the summer, we managed to go on every one here. We also had the chance of buying a queue jump pass but did not need it. The good was ok but nothing special although filling and not over expensive. Defiantly recommended.
This year, since New York City schools start later than other schools, I thought I would take my kid to Universal and not have to stand in line since most kids are back in school.  No such luck.  Universal was full of foreign tourists and  the wait for Despicable Me was 60 minutes when we walked in with our regular tickets.  I quickly purchased the unlimited express pass at a nearby booth for $79 a person (this is on top of the admission tickets already paid for).   I'm sure there are better/cheaper ways to purchase these tickets and passes online but I was told the wait to process the online purchases would be 45 minutes.  So I just handed over my American Express card because we were eager to experience the rides. Turned out the money for the express pass was well spent even during what is supposed to be a slow week (September 3rd and 5th to be exact).  No wait whatsoever.  We went on Despicable Me twice, Men in Black twice.    Even the less popular rides required some wait, and they make you walk around and around without the express pass.  With the express pass, it is a straight and short distance to the ride.  We were able to go on many rides, some twice, and be done by 2 pm to go to the other park.   The best ride here is ET.  Feels like flying. Buy your tickets with the American Express card and you can have access to the American Express Lounge, where you can sit in air conditioning, charge your phone, and ask the knowledgeable guides questions about the park and rides.  Free ice cold water and chips and granola bars.  Membership has its privileges.
We had a wonderful time at Universal Studios Florida. This was my first time to any of the Universal Studios' parks. It was so much better than I was expecting! I had heard some not so great things about the one in California, so I wasn't expecting too much, but it was great! They had wonderful atmosphere and the themes throughout the park were very well done. It was also very clean and the staff were all friendly. The only complaint from this day was the horrendous line for the Transformers ride. It said an hour and it ended up taking two and a half hours, and the line was inside an extremely hot building!
Adventure Island MUCH better choice of the 2 parks. Take away the mobs of people and it would actually be fun! SpiderMan might be the best ride I've ever been on, Harry Potter second, and the Hulk roller coast third for the parks top choices. Butter beer is awesome too, with the frozen choice slightly better. Don't bother with the food package unless you have hungry teens.
Fun place. Really like the Mummy ride (so much that I rode it twice) and the Rip Ride Rockit coaster. The Transformers 3D was really neat, too. The Disaster "ride" was kinda lame. This park is really good but the Islands of Adventure section is better, so if you are planning your trip I would recommend spending more time in that park than this one.
