Last night I was able to attend an event held at City Arts Factory. I've never been there and truly enjoyed myself. I've seen the place in passing and thought that it was just a regular art museum; however I was wrong. City Arts Factory gives local artist the opportunity to have their art work displayed. There are several rooms in the venue, each having a large and unique display of art work from several different artists. There are various types of artwork on display as well. I was particularly in awe of a recreation of the famous  Mona Lisa painting, where the artist took thousands of screen shots, had them printed and hand cut them to reconstruct the famous portrait. The creativity displayed is absolutely amazing. The artwork displayed changes monthly so it's unlikely that you will stumble upon the same work time and time again and those interested are also given the opportunity to purchase artwork if they desire.  The atmosphere is fresh and inspriring and is definitely worth your time to stop in.
Whenever there is an amazing art-centered event downtown, CityArts always seems to be involved.  The rotating shows that come through here have always been amazing. The shows that occur here are a great place to go to grab a beer or glass of wine and wander around the creatives and the art.  Everytime I do this in lieu of just parking myself at a bar, I always feel a creativity surge afterwards. The one thing that I myself want to add is benches throughout for people who want to park themselves in front of the art and appreciate it longer.  But hey, support this venue enough and you never know. The staff here also puts 110% into their job and promoting events. Great art, great employees, great venue.  Check it out if you haven't already.
CityArts Factory was one of those places that I would only see at night... while I was drunk... going home after a night downtown. One day, my bf and I decided to go in during the day time hours because they had an awesome aquarium exhibit going on. First off, admission is free, but it's suggested that you make a donation to keep the gallery going. They're definitely worth the donation and you'll recognize that once you've walked through the entire gallery. There are several different rooms that feature different types of art works. A lot of the work they had seemed very abstract and I loved it. They even had a room where they feature the work of young artists. My favorite exhibit was the aquarium exhibit, but it was only there for a limited time. It was pretty awesome. All in all, it's pretty easy to spend almost an hour just looking around and admiring all of the art. Can't believe it's free, but seriously, donate. It's worth it.
I'm by no means an art aficionado but I do enjoy a purty picture from time to time... hahaha. I'm only partly kidding; I am an evolving art enthusiast so the CityArts Factory was worth the visit.  Especially since you can't bet an opportunity for FREE ADMISSION in Orlando. The gallery was very laid back, a great place older kids to get a art exposure. They were in the process of reorganizing some of the displays when we went and we were lucky enough to meet one of the artists.  He was super approachable and friendly. We talked at length about our interpretation of his work (haha) and then he explained what he was actually expressing (we weren't completely wrong). Worth a trip if you are in the Orlando area.
Let me start by disclosing I'm not involved in "fine art appreciation" in any professional experienced capacity. Strictly a layman who only has his personal opinions as his tutor. YiKEs!! Yeah, isn't this a scary way to start off a review!?? Considering all the times I have been engaged in viewing different art studios and museums, I am lead to this conclusion: Art studios are like a box of chocolates; you just don't know WHAT you are going to get.  Wasn't that saying in a some movie? : )   Now even though this conclusion reads to be in a negative connotation, it isn't. Often times you can and will be surprised by a delightful sight or concept when you step out and do it walk the  rooms! That I believe is the intrigue to art galleries! Even happening across one joyful work can make the  entire experience worth it. Mentally enriching your love of "things"  painted, crafted or simply composed can be a priceless and lifelong enrichment. So, I encourage the exposure if you have never given art galleries a go. It may alter your perspectives in a most positive way. CityArts Factory is that box of chocolates! You simply  have to open your mind and walk the gallery for yourself. This and any another gallery (I'd presume) are to be judged not nesessarly by the art they present, but how  they have accommodated  their guests  and presented their works. I was tickled  to  learn that many of their current pieces were in a layman's budget also - which was good. When I have the perception that much of what I'm viewing is  sorta in my "art budget", (if I dare even stretch the categories in my personal household finances so) the experience becomes even more personal; because I may even spring for some of that local art! This is a non assuming gallery (not real fuu-fuu)  so I felt comfortable in my Fla. Summer Garb of sandals and shorts. IMO now. They may prefer not to endure that trend, but really, my legs aren't that ugly yet!?  That doesn't mean I always choose the right "attire", I just felt welcomed as I was into the gallery. Even their building has a cool art-sy  history. Check out the vintage photos of Orange Ave. and Pine! I moved here when it was Dr Phillips and McCrory's. orlandoslice.com/page/hi… Parking in the garage 1 block away only cost me $2 for 4 hours.  Sweet. Check them out sometime.
What an amazing local art gallery located in the heart of downtown Orlando. This location and the various people behind the scenes does an enormous amount of work for improving the cultural awareness in the city. You can't beat free admission! This location is an infusion of local and international works of art all rotated on a monthly basis. They house a large array of art from photography to pencil drawings. Third Thursdays is one of the best events around town. They host the main party each and every Thursday and encourage the community to come out and celebrate art and partake in an evening of sights, sounds, food, shopping, and cosmopolitan fun.  Other galleries that partake in this event include The Grand Bohemian Gallery, Gallery at Avalon Island, Mother Falcon Clothing, Blank Space and many others.  If you haven't been before, add it to your calendar now!
This is our own little slice of Heaven outside of New York, and the London vibe. This Art gallery is making ART accessible to all and for new and emerging artist a place to exhibit their art for a little or no cost. The third Thursday of every month there's always a new exhibit with 22 venues in a 1 mile radius. If being in a crowd is not your thing you have 3 weeks to peruse the arts until the theme is change for the following month. This is the best way to support Art in the Orlando area, the best thing is the art is very affordable, who knows you might be buying the next Thomas Kinkaide.
I love the concept of the CityArts Factory and the fact that most of the galleries have new exhibits every month. My favorite new addition is the Lee James Floral Gallery. Best off all, admission is FREE! On the Third Thursday of every month they do a gallery hop with other downtown galleries and unveil that months exhibits. This is a perfect time to meet with local artists and art lovers. I must be a bit of a snob now and say that most of the rotating exhibits don't excite me all that much. This is mostly due to the fact that the galleries are rented out monthly to most anyone who is willing to pay and doesn't necessarily reflect on the CityArts factory itself. Since art is subjective, don't get mad at me, just get down there and decide for yourself!
The CityArts factory is located in the so-called Downtown Arts District, although this is the only arts-y thing that I know of in the area.  This building is a breath of fresh air, in a some what lackluster art scene in Orlando. The CityArts Factory is a conduit of all different types of arts, ranging from visual arts to performing arts, from artists in the Orlando area.  They have a lot of different factions, including art studios, classroom space, and space for rental where artists can rent a room or area to display their latest works.  It is really something that is direly needed here in Orlando.
The hours are listed wrong on this, they are open Tuesday- Saturday 11am-6pm closed Sunday and Monday. Be sure to stop by at least once a month. Art from one show comes down the Saturday before the third Thursday and a new show opens the 3rd Thursday of each month. Also great for space rental for parties, weddings/ receptions and meetings! It's FREE to look around and art prices vary.
Such a cool place!  I visited on the third Thursday and just  soaked up the array of vivid colors, vibes, fashion, and music.  Ah-mazing!   The art community is always filled with such an array of people that is quite sure to keep anyone entertained and inspired. Vendors selling jewlery, art pieces, hair ornaments, post cards, etc also filled the rooms.  Definitely worth a visit for your creative fix.
I continue to be amazed at how much culture the city of Orlando has to offer the local residents and tourists.  I've lived in Denver and Philadelphia and I have been pleased to see that for its size, Orlando offers a lot of bang for your buck when it comes to the Arts. I was able to take a quick visit to the CityArts Factory located in downtown Orlando. CityArts Factory is a gallery where local artists can showcase their work.  The art work changes monthly, so there is always something new to view.  I found the majority of the artwork to be reasonably priced.  I was told that during December that have a showing where the artwork is all priced under $200, just in time for holiday shopping. CityArts Factory participates in the monthly Third Thursday Gallery Hop that coincides with Thornton Park's Third Thursday Art Walk.  If you pick up a Downtown Orlando Info Guide there's a map with participating galleries. The gallery is open free of charge though they do accept donations.  I enjoyed my visit and I look forward to returning quite often.  I found the staff informative, and very friendly as well.
What a better place to experience the downtown arts scene than in the heart of downtown, great location in a vintage downtown building on central Orange Ave, not only is admission free but unlike other galleries I have been to, here you can freely walk around at your own leisure without sour gallery attendants behind your back watching your every move. The collection is very diversified which makes for an entertaining visual fest that appeals to different styles, there are various galleries put up by various artists and local organizations, you will find everything from more traditional paintings and photography to ultra-creative and colorful abstract art pieces. This gallery has inspried me to explore local arts venues that I never even knew existed.. TIP: If you drive in and park in the Plaza garage across the street they will validate your parking for $4 flat fee at the reception desk.
It's the hub of arts in downtown Orlando. A must see, and frequently as shows change monthly. 3rd thursday MUST!
Great Gallery, the Halloween theme was super cool. I liked how it was attached to a couple smaller stores that also displayed art. Free entry, though they do take donations, makes this a no-brainer. Go check it out! Also on the same street is the Grand Bohemian Art Gallery and at the end of the street is City Hall, that has an art gallery as well.
Explored this place today during my lunch hour. It's well worth it if you happen to be in downtown. It's not a large gallery, though I'm not really a judge of that. I will go every third thursday on my lunch hour; it's nice to get out of the office. The artwork is by local artists. I saw prints going for $10, however the majority of artwork displayed is in the $200 to $3,500 range.
This is a must stop for all the fellow Orlando folks who stop by downtown. City arts Factory is completely free to all to marvel the talented artists glorious work. Come in to support and let your eyes enjoy the exhibits. They promote local artist work so it's important that they receive all the paid dues that's necessary. I love all the visions, colors, emotions that the artwork has here. If you are in favor of peeping at some tight art then make your way to the corner of Orange Ave. and Pine St.
This is a must see for anyone who has any interest in art. They have a collection of mostly local artist with a range of quality and styles. Some of it is crap. Some of it is amazing. All of it is interesting and inspiring to know that there are artists everywhere you go. I have been twice now, and both times there has been something that just held me in captivity for a moment. Please go and please give them a dollar if you can. Thanks.
It's a nice local arts scene. Third Thursdays are fun as well.
