Very cool bar with an excellent beer selection.  Chris the owner is an avid arcade collector and shares his passion with his patrons.  He has 10-15 classic arcade machines that he swaps out regularly.  Qbert Rules! If only I can get him to put a pinball in this bar would be the coolest!!! Cheers, Al
I love this place. Andrea is the best. Drink a beer ...play a game....love life. It cures what ales you.
BART is one of the most entertaining places to grab a few beers and relax. They feature an arcade cabinet set and an art show on most occasions. The cabinets are changed out very frequently, and let me tell you, from a retro gamer's point of view, this is one of the most interesting things about this venue. The servers, and owners, are very personable, and they always treat you with the best service possible. Don't know what you want to drink? Just say what you're used to, and they will provide a beer that you will enjoy. While the place may be small, this makes for a very arcade-y feel, which goes right along with the atmosphere. Don't let this place pass you by as you're going down Mills. You won't regret your time here, I guarantee it.
This place is epic ! I drive from miami to orlando at least once a month. And this place is a mandatory stop ! Great craft beer selections , and badass arcades ! Best time of my life every time I go !
First review of this place second time here. . I gotta say this place is slowly becoming my favorite bar on mills. . Free video games unless you want to play one of the two  Ninja games. They only cost a quarter. Good selection of craft beer and ciders.  Bartender is pretty knowledgeable and super friendly.
Delicious craft beer and video games from the 80s!  How can you not fall in love with this bar?!  The service is excellent.  Bartenders are very friendly.  They only offer bottled beer and have a pretty good selection.   The arcade games change out so there is always something new to try and they also have pin ball.  I believe they are all pretty much free except the pin ball.  They have two large bathrooms that are kept very clean.   Lots of comfortable seating at the bar and they also have a couple of small couches.  Two large flat screen tvs on the walls playing 80s movies or anime the times I have been there.   The walls are covered with local art that is for sale.  Often times there is a food truck right outside that you can get a bite to eat at since they do not serve food here.  I love going out for a couple drinks on mills and this is a favorite spot of mine!
This place is pretty awesome. The prices are amazing. There are complimentary arcade games and Chapstick. The atmosphere is friendly and inviting. The beer selection is good. If I lived here this would be my local hangout.
Bart is a really cool and unique spot in the Mills-50 bar scene. I don't go that often, but this last time I was really impressed. The wife and I wanted to stop in to get an after-work beer but we wanted to go somewhere we hadn't been to in a while. While driving up Mills, we suddenly remembered that it had been forever since we'd popped into Bart! We stepped inside and were greeted by a friendly bartender, who reminded me of a punk/metal/nerdy version of Friar Tuck from the Kevin Costner version of Robin Hood (aka Prince of Thieves). He was great at helping me figure out what I was in the mood for (a Rogue Hazlenut Brown Nectar) and my wife got something she enjoyed as well. Prices are fair/average for the area. The real treat are the arcade games. Some do require quarters (Mortal Kombat for instance) but most don't. But even if you aren't in the mood for nerding out on old school arcade hits, it's comfortable enough with plenty of seating to just chill. They also have pretty interesting local art on the walls. I hear they do regular art/gallery nights and sometimes have other special events. so, keep an eye out!
BART is a great place. What a concept! Video games and beer! Evidently this is a thing, and the thing has come to Orlando. Also with beer and games is the Geek Easy, for the UCF/Fullsail crowd up northeasternly-way. But I must say BART is nicer. Good beer selection, pretty good prices, good location, and all that.
Made our first visit to BART on the recommendation from a friend. Cozy place that has an excellent selection of bottled craft beer and a few nice wines. The crowd leaned towards the hipster type, which I am too old to be but can appreciate.  I asked for a recommended beer and was not disappointed with the Rogue Hazelnut Stout. The video games we as advertised and I realized how much I liked playing Asteroids. There were also some local art pieces and an obscure bad 80s movie on the TV. All in all a chill place, good beverages, and some entertainment, all ingredients for a nice evening.
I've been to Bart two times and both times it's a lot of fun. The place is very small, but both time I've gone it hasn't been too crowded. Bart has old "Arcade" type games. Not only do they have good games, they play awesome music. It's loud enough to hear and sing a long to, but low enough to still be able to have a conversation. Last but not least, the bar staff are pretty awesome. I'm personally not a very social person, but they are easy to strike up a conversation with.
Great neighborhood bar with an awesome concept. Old school video games, cool art and a great variety of beers. Plus the staff is awesome. This is a definite must in Orlando!
This is a great place.  It's a bar with a healthy beer selection, free video games, old movies on the tvs and great service.  The bartenders are friendly, sociable and knowledgeable. The atmosphere is artsy meets gamer meets revenge of the 80's and its totally casual. Its the kind of place you feel right at home having a beer at.
Cool chill bar in Mills-50 area. Very knowledgeable bar-tenders. Joe and Lando (the bearded one) will guide you on your craft beer adventure. Don't be intimidated or afraid to ask questions,  they love to help!! Highly recommended.
First time into BART last night. I'd read a lot of good things on Yelp! about the place, and was just down the street so I made a point to check it out. This place is very rad. The name says it all Bar (beer & wine) - Arcade - Art. The bartenders were super friendly and attentive. The games were awesome (and free). It's been a while since I got my old school Tetris and Pacman on.  I was really impressed with the cup holders they have between the games - genius (it's the little things...). The current featured art - throwbacks to 80s cartoons including the likes of Ducktales, Jem and the Holograms, He-man and She-ra, not to mention a few pieces nodding at the great and mighty Back to the Future. Add the movie Clue on the flat screen and our 80s throwback was complete. They had a sushi food truck out front catering directly to the lucky patrons. I had already eaten dinner, otherwise I would have definitely partook. My husband and I had 4 beers between the two of us and our tab was around $18. Not too bad for craft beer. Love the atmosphere of this place and will definitely be back.
It was the end of the night for a group I was with. We had already been to 2 other places. We decided to stop here, which is so far my only time here. To be honest, this night was a blur. All I remember is Ice Pirates playing on the TV. The whole rest of the time I was lounging on a loveseat, and sipping on a beer. While friends and I were reminiscing about old music and movies. Is this what one does here maybe? I read other reviews complaining about the seating being limited. I don't feel like I experienced that. Did they add more seats maybe? Or am I remembering wrong. The place was full, but not to the point that we were falling over people. I mean, our small group of about 8 people had found some seats. I saw the classic arcades at the wall by the entrance, and they were all being used. I didn't try to play any. Oh yeah, the TV with Ice Pirates was over the bar. I remember seeing this movie in an actual theater when I was like 8 or something (Yep, I was 8. I just checked and it came out in 1984, and I was 8 then). There was another TV over my head, where I was sitting, also playing another 80's movie (I can't remember what though). This place is a nice trendy addition to the Mills area. And as long as there are seats, this was a cool place to lounge around toward the end of a night. I look forward to visiting again when I'm more awake.
BART is definitely a must for anyone who's not only into finding finely selected craft beers but also being surrounded by classic video games and artwork inspired by those very same games! The facilities themselves are small but this little bar has all the huge stuff going for it. Coming from humble beginnings and a shared love for beer, games, and art the owners (husband and wife) are super nice and have set up a neat place to hang out. They also offer wine by the glass for those who aren't too heavily into beers. You have about 10 different arcade machines that provide you with hours of mindless entertainment and always have movies playing on their TVs. I found out from the owner that they also allow patrons to come bring board games if they'd like to create that kind of atmosphere! Definitely a repeat visit is in my immediate future!
I have a confession to make. Before going to the Bart, I'd actually never set foot in an arcade. I know. You don't have to say anything. Now, I'd like for you to imagine Rapunzel in Tangled. Do you see her in your mind? Well, remember that scene after she's left the tower and how she's running around all crazy? Yea. Congratulations, you've just basically envisioned my first time at the Bart. Pacman, Galaga, Centipede, Q*Bert, Donkey Kong, Frogger, Burger Time -- so much more! They're all there; arms wide open, welcoming the prodigal daughter back into the fold. And if it didn't seem awesome enough already -- they're all free to play (except Mortal Combat). That's right. Free. Is there a more beautiful word? Ahem, 'High Score'. :P Their beer and wine selection is pretty decent. One of the better selections of craft beer I've seen; and the prices aren't half bad either. In April, they actually had a special for Mystery Thursdays, where beer was only $2. I don't actually know if it's still ongoing, but that's still pretty awesome for them to run specials like that. Amazing staff, as well. Joe, our bartender, had to be one of the friendliest bartenders ever. He was constantly smiling and laughing; and though the crowd was picking up, he talked to us and didn't make us feel at all uncomfortable or rushed. It's places like this that make me love Orlando. Forget about the parks, this is where I go for some relaxing fun. With the chill atmosphere, awesome beer, local artwork, and old-school arcade games -- what more could you ask for? My only tiff? It can get a bit crowded on busier nights and there really isn't a lot of places to have a seat and chill. It might also seem a little hectic if you go in a large group since, eventually, everyone is going to splinter off and play the games. But overall, I love this place, and I'll definitely be back. :D
This is a great place to start or end a night out on Mills. There are about 8 arcade games and usually all but one are free to play. Usually at least one is rotated out every few weeks so the selection is always changing. There are two TVs set up in opposite corners playing movies from the 70's to 90's. Its a small space but the area is used effectively. There is a long bar area, a little couch area in the back, and about 4 high tops by the games. A nice little feature are the places between the arcade machines for you to place your beer. The staff is friendly and interested in helping you. They are quite adept at remembering you as well. They're got a wide selections of beers so its not as if you'll get bored of the beers they have. They also have a food truck that come by once a week or you can get food from Hawkers right down the road. They also rotate their local art and host little art shows every once in a while. All in all, a great place to be.
I like the cut of your jib, BART. I came here last night with my husband and a friend of ours and I loved it. I'm into classic games, craft beer, and good music, so this was like the perfect convergence of the three. And I will definitely be back. We came in around 6:30 pm (I believe they open around 5 pm) and there was only one other party (a few women drinking at one of the tables). There was a good selection of games, all free except for pinball and Mortal Kombat II (the "fighting game" selection on hand). I remember seeing Pac-Man, Centipede, Burger Time, and a couple of others. Again, all free! And with cup holders so you can take your beer over there while you play. (Confidential to the dude who played Pac-Man and left his empty PBR can over there: It's considered polite if you take your empties back up to the bar instead of just leaving them there ... just saying.) And the beer! I'm a homebrewer and I love to try new styles and types of beer. While there's nothing on draft, BART has an impressive selection of craft brews in a large refrigerator behind the bar. As you can gather from the paragraph above, yeah, there's PBR if you want that sort of thing, along with sodas for the designated drivers or non-drinkers, but if you're drinking beer tonight, there's a nice little "beer bible" behind the bar they'll hand you so you can figure out what you want. Each beer has its own card, a description, and a price--which is handy because the beers range in price from pretty cheap to a little more spendy. For whatever reason, I seemed to be on a fruit beer kick so I ordered the Wittekerke Framboise ($5), which was light and refreshing; the Shiner Ruby Redbird ($4), which was tart and grapefruity; and the best, I think, of the lot: Petrus Red ($10), which had an assertive but balanced cherry flavor that I liked a lot. I was diggin' the music too--some Santogold, maybe some M.I.A., there was definitely Lily Allen--nice and unobtrusive, but upbeat, and perfect for actually being able to both hold a conversation at normal tones and listen to the music too. The TVs were playing Tron (on one) and Monty Python and the Holy Grail (on another) which again made me feel right at home. The owner and bartender were incredibly attentive and fun. I got to hear about some of the backstory/history to the bar, about the wackiness of city ordinances, and about the assholishness of those patrons who came in and stole (!!) art out of the bathroom. (Another pro-tip for readers: Don't steal the art from the bathrooms. Don't steal the "open" sign from the front door. Those are just Douche Moves.) Anyway, it was an all-around awesome place to hang. Support small local awesome businesses like BART and be rewarded with great beer, fun games, and good conversation!
A fun spot for hanging out.  The smallish bar had 8-10 old school arcade games that are rotated out regularly so patrons don't get bored.  They hold onto the favorites (i.e. PacMan) though so even two drinks in, you KNOW you can still win at something. The bartender was incredibly knowledgeable about their beers (mostly bottled, but so many options).  I tried a seasonal ale and a Rogue Hazelnut Brown (my all time favorite) and got to play PacMan while I hung out with some friends.  It was a fun alternative to sitting around a table chatting when we could have video game breaks.   A small place but it had ample parking and great beer selection.
This. place. is. awesome! I went here after work the other afternoon and met up with a friend of mine. The bar is very small... but its so awesome because the edge of it is cushioned. I like putting my elbows and arms on tables while drinking so I did that with comfort. haha The art on the walls were pretty neat to look at. There are old school arcade games from like the 80s and 90s. Street Fighter, Ms Pac Man, Qbert, etc! All free to play also! Very chill relaxed place. They also had the Fish Out Of Water sushi foodtruck out front. If you bought some food, they brought it in for you. Cool. As the later the night got, the more people that were in it. I left around 10:30PM and it had a good crowd going on. Oh and they had two TVs playing old movies and also played awesome music too. 5 stars!
This place can be incredibly hard to find if you aren't paying attention. I've passed by it several times before realizing exactly where they were. But once you find it, you'll be pleasantly surprised at what's there. First off, the beer selection is great. Dozens of craft brews on hand are sure to satisfy your palette. The bartenders are friendly and are happy to make suggestions.   But the real winner here is the arcade game collection. They have about 10 retro cabinets, including a few modern ones that actually offer several dozen games. So really, you have about 40 or so retro games to choose from.  And they are all free! It's really a great way to spend the evening, having some beer and playing some old-school arcade games, especially of you're old enough to remember them the first time they came out, lol.  They also have a "featured" arcade game that rotates regularly that isn't free, but for 25 cents, it's not like it's a rip off.
I was looking for some new ideas of fun things to do on a Saturday night when I came across Bart. I am very happy that I read so many positive reviews of Bart online that I gave this bar a chance. This is not somewhere I would think to go on my own, but I was impressed by the bar and will add it to the rotation of places I go to on the weekends. First of all finding this place was a little difficult. It blends right into several of the other stores and restaurants in the area. It really doesn't shout "Hey I'm a bar" at you while pulling up. We were able to get a parking spot right out front, but I heard there is a lot in the back if parallel parking isn't your thing. We walked in a headed straight to the bar to get a drink before we started playing some games. The bartender was super friendly and gave great suggestions on what to order. After we got our drinks, we started to play some of the old school arcade games. They have about 10 or so arcade games that are free to use and play. I absolutely loved this! It was a Saturday night and it was busy, but I was able to play just about every single game they offered. They even have cup holders right next to the game so you don't have to worry about spilling your drink. Since I was so into the games, I really didn't drink a lot that night, yet I still had a ton of fun. It was a pretty cheap night out seeing that we didn't spend a lot on drinks and the games were free. Now there were only two negatives to this place. This first one would be their size. It is small. I knew it was going to be small before I walked in, but I guess I wasn't expecting or prepared for the size. They have a small couch and a couple small tables, but that is it. Even though I was playing the games the whole night, I would have liked to sit down for a break a time or two. The size of this place prevented me from doing so. At least all the people who were packed in the bar with us seemed to be nice :) The other negative would be that they don't have any draft drinks. I personally like draft beer better, but their selection of bottle beer was really good. They had several options of craft beers and some cider choices. Looking forward to returning again!
This is a great little spot.  They have about 8-10 different arcade games and almost all of them are free to play!  They also have a bunch of really neat paintings up on the walls which are all done by local artists and are up for sale. Bart has a huge selection of craft beers to choose from and the bartenders are very friendly and knowledgeable of the beers if you want any recommendations.  They play good music and it's a very relaxed atmosphere and never seems to get too loud.  They also have menus there for you to look through of the surrounding restaurants and you can have food delivered or you can pick it up and eat right at the bar.
New favorite bar in the neighborhood. Came on a Friday night and caught the last few minutes of happy hour which was buy one beer, get another beer free. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable. I told him what I regularly drink and he offered great suggestions of what would match my taste. Tried three different beers and loved them all! The beers rotate out which is great, and that isn't the only thing that is rotated out... so are the arcade games! This was a great touch considering most of them were free (I believe two were not). There are even built in drink holders next to the machines so you can keep your beer handy. The bartender told me this bar was supposed to feel like an extension of your living room and I can say it most definitely did. Try it out!
I have decided that Bart is best visited on a weeknight when it isn't so crowded. You do that, and you'll have a treat - good beers and wine in a cozy bar setting surrounded by all the artifacts of your 80s childhood. Beers are their specialty, however I ordered a glass of red and took it over to Ms PacMan and Centipede and played them to my heart's content (no quarters needed). Classic 80s movies play on the two monitors. Bottom line: this is a nice hole-in-the-wall joint and owners Chris and Adrian are great people. Check it out.
Cool little spot, just funky-mellow enough of a vibe for my taste. Bart is a small place but it doesn't feel crowded. I like the video game theme and it's good to know that my Miss Pacman skills are as pathetic as they ever were. They serve several craft beers but I also noticed they serve my favorite, Guinness. I tried a Winter brown ale that was quite tasty. I like the story of this place: Hubby and wife are sitting around talking about the things they love (bars, video games and art) and decide to combine the three. I love indie businesses and I really hope they do well. I shall return.
I can't like this place enough.  I've been dividing my time between Milk Bar and Redlight Redlight and I gotta say, this place has just got an edge to be reckoned with. As far as ambiance goes, well, there are video games......right?   Well, they sweetened the deal with Radiohead playing, Bladerunner on one TV and classic Tron on the other.  Can I just chain myself to the bar and refuse to leave? The bartender Joe could not have been nicer.  He explained everything from how they shift games in and out to add to the variety, how they shift beers in and out of their menus to do the same, and the different food trucks that visit.  Today's food truck was Eclectic Kitchen, and just......whoa.  Also an instant favorite. The place really has got a great space to work with,  I didn't feel like I am shuffling through a crowd, there really was room to spread out, play games, you name it. Playing pac-man brought back memories of the public pool and running into their arcade and getting shocked by the game console while feverishly trying to beat it.  Love it.
I went for an amazing art show and soon found myself truly enjoying the whole place.  I loved that they had the older arcade games to play.  I saw many groups enjoying drinks while playing games on their DS3's... I wish I had brought mine to join in!   The bar staff was fun and friendly and they had a selection of beers and ciders that worked fine for me.  The night I went it was packed and it was hard to move around but I still enjoyed the vibe I got from all the customers.   The Art they show also is super great.   Check it out some night and check their facebook page to find out their weekly specials and what games they are playing each night of the week. Enjoy!
The beer selection is decent, but pricy, but they make up for it with free classic arcade games.  Comfy chairs and tables are towards the back, while the front is lined with the classic games.  The art is cute.  They use squara for credit cards, and I have had bad experiences with this system, so I suggest paying cash. Bonus points for cute art and geeky films.
Saturday nights are full of bike riding hipsters... I have nothing against hipsters, and certainly not against bike riders.... but the bar gets wayyyyy toooo crowded for me. I won't be coming back.  Also, beers are way pricier here.  Unless you drink PBR...of course.
Great little spot. Relaxed knowledgeable bar staff. As a first timer we were welcomed by the staff and customers.
bar + art gallery+ arcade = so awesome! Nestled in the lovely Mills50 strip of local love, this new bar marries together awesome components of a fun night out: Craft Beer and Wine, Free Old School Video Games and Local Art... how can you go wrong? They have a special each night which is awesome. Check out their Facebook page for details. Currently they have PacMan and Cider so I am all set. Loved the couch in the back under the gorgeous art too. I went, I drank, I played, then I relaxed with friends. Love that they have food trucks rep every once in a while for some goodies to munch on in between yelling at Burgertime to throw the salt. Yes, if you hear a loud young woman yelling at a game, it's most likely myself... or at least someone I want to meet =) Why not 5 stars? Yes, the size. I know the owners are aware that this place is a huge hit and they wish they got a larger place so you can't hate on 'em for it. I also think it's charming that it's smaller and more intimate, keeps the local feel and easier to meet new peeps while you are there. However, if it's packed, it can be a little overwhelming. I adore that it's no smoking and so very clean too, very inviting! Oh and Cloak & Dagger was playing... WIN!
What a cool new place! I'm really glad that someone told me about this, or I would have otherwise missed it! They have a ton of 70's video games, and they're all free! Even though it was busy, people move from game to game quick, so I never had a problem getting to a game that I wanted to play in minutes. All the games were well-kept. I actually put a drink on top of one of them, and they asked me to move it. I didn't realize at the time that they have holders right next to all of the games - nice! And it shows that they care about keeping their games in top shape! There was only one problem with one single game  - space invaders' joystick couldn't go left, but from their attention that they gave to the machines, I would bet money that it's fixed by now. Oh, did I mention it's a bar? Ha! Anyways, they seemed to have a pretty ok selection. You know that I only looked at the Ciders. They had Angry Orchard, which I think is great. I think that might have been the only one though, IIRC. That's kinda sucky, but ok for me. I think it was about $4, which is reasonable. I found their prices not bad. Some were about a dollar more than I'd expect elsewhere, but the fact that I get to sit there for as long as I want and play free video games makes up for it. I complained a bit about the $10 Japanese beer that I had to pay for for my lady, but she confirmed that it's like $9 elsewhere (I think it might have been $8, but who's counting, and she bought dinner later, so whatever). The atmosphere was nice. I didn't get a chance to sit at the bar. I didn't really try to though. The place was packed just enough. Since it's so awesome, I fear it might get a little too packed in the future - but hey, it happens when a place rocks! They had tables and chairs, and even a couch or two, I think. Good atmosphere to talk. Loudness was acceptable. I can't remember the music exactly, but I remember liking it. You could also sneak out the back door if you needed to have a private conversation and they didn't seem to have any problem that I had a drink with me. That was convenient. The bathrooms were clean, but the place is new, so it's expected. They defintely didn't open up shop in a run down place without prep. The place is well put together. Kudos to the owner. High-five, long live BART! I want to give it five stars... I think it's just the drink selection, but I'm sure that will grow as the place does.
This place is cute, but don't blink, blink and you'll miss it. I think it's on the corner, no wait it's near the .. oh forget it, just hoof it and you'll pass by it. It can get a wee crowded in there, as it's a pretty small space, and the beer may be a little on the pricier side, but overall the place is cute and they have free arcade games. Yeah. Arcade games. Like Ms Pacman and Galaga. How can you not like that??
Lots of video games, Frogger, Centipede, Galaga, Donkey Kong, Space Invaders, Pac-man, Ms. Pac-man(broken on my visit), Missile Command. The beer selection is mostly craft I believe all bottles and the prices are a little high $5-$6 They have art on the walls, atmosphere is clean and pleasant Out in the back parking lot they often have Fish Out of Water Sushi truck. It's no Barcade but it will do for Orlando.
This place is incredible! This small cozy place is awesome! They have pin-ball and about 10 RETRO video games to play for FREE. They have a great choice of Wines and Craft Beers! This is a place to go with friends and family just for a good nostalgic time!
BART = Bar + Arcade + Art gallery. The whole bar + art gallery thing isn't a new concept but the arcade part is a nice twist :) I checked this place out last night and it was a packed house, with two very busy bartenders serving up beer and wine. Didn't peruse the wine menu but they have a good selection of beers, including a couple varieties of my fav Hitachino Nest. (Yes, hipsters, there is also PBR.) The games - arcade-style, think Ms. Pac-Man & Galaga, not pinball - are free right now which unsurprisingly resulted in higher demand than supply. Decent music selections (mostly 80s, e.g., Pet Shop Boys) and they also have a TV on which thematically consistent movies were being shown - Star Wars, Tron. Yes, the original Tron, not that stupid remake, so props for that. But, I digress. Solid addition to Mills50 - check it out!
Although Bart is a great addition to the Mills50 area, it wasn't exactly what I was expecting.  The only other barcade I have to compare it to is Barcade up in NYC, which is fairly large with the amount of gaming machines, space, and bar size. Bart is a very small and intimate bar.  A smaller area that does its best to utilize what space it has available.  A short bar but plenty of beer to choose from.  A few friends and I showed up on quite a busy night but service was prompt.  While many craft beers are available, I would have liked a menu to know what they have.  I'm not exactly knowledgeable on what craft beers are available these days, so choosing a beer was like closing my eyes and pointing. When I asked the bartender if they had a certain type of beer available, she had to think for a moment, turn around, and do what I was already doing and scan every bottle. Two large flat screen TV's are mounted on the walls, and older classic movies are played (at least on the night we went).  And by older, I mean Dark Crystal, etc.  Local artists' art line the wall and are pretty interesting to look at. Seating is pretty limited.  Of course, you have a few stools at the bar, a couple of small tables along the wall, and a few high tops.  Again, we showed up on a busy night so we just mostly stood. There are only roughly seven arcade machines available at the time.  No idea if any more will be added any time soon.  At the time we went, they were free to play which is great.  Don't have to worry about bringing quarters.  Problem is they're all bunched together, along with putting the high tops right next to them, so it was very crowded on that corner of the bar.  All it takes is one group of people to horde all the machines and tables there. While a great concept and addition to the Orlando bar scene, it isn't anything great just yet.  If they expand or grow, then perhaps I'll like to visit again.
This is a bar for everyone. Each time I go, there isn't a certain type of people that are always hanging about, making you feel like an outcast. The atmosphere is clean and simple and relaxing... and the arcade games (which change out occasionally) are a great ice-breaker and stress reliever. It's small, but I like it that way. I'm not much of a drinker, but I am the kind of person that likes to try a new and unique beer (since I don't have favourites), so this place suits that attitude well. Go in, relax and try a new beer. Awesome. I've read other reviews saying this wasn't exactly what they expect, but in this case I think it's a good thing. This is something very experimental for this area, and I think it's at the right level for introducing something artsy, nostalgic and nerdy to Mills. I hope this inspires more hang-outs and shops in this style.
This is a great little comfy bar with 16-bit old school fun!  They have a great selection of beer, not huge, but clearly thought out.  I can see this being a great new hang-out or even a quick place to slide into for a beer and a game of Centipede, Ms Pac Man, or Q-bert.   The employees were super nice and helpful in picking a beer.  To boot, NO SMOKING....YEAH!
This is my favorite place to go for good beer and fun people. I like that you can zone out and just play games, and the bartenders help you pick new beer to try. Great atmosphere!
Randomly ended up here this weekend after finding a coupon to the place. It is nestled in the heard of Mills and is a great location. We really had a good time. FREE video games, great selection of craft beers, and plenty of seating. They even had cup holders for your beer while you play video games. They thought of everything! The beer prices were reasonable. The art on the walls was nice. I really liked the atmosphere too. I will be back!
I came here with my boyfriend during our recent stay in Orlando. We spent our Saturday at Islands and were looking for a cool bar to check out at night. My boyfriend did a quick search on Yelp and he found this place. As soon as he said it was an arcade bar, we were both sold! The place had a decent crowd this particular night. There were people but it wasn't crazy packed to the point where we couldn't sit or anything. Sometimes all the games would be taken but it only took a few minutes for one of them to free up. I really liked their selection, they had some popular games and then they had some I had never heard of before but nevertheless fun. I really appreciated the bartender here. He asked if it was our first time there, and proceeded to explain how everything worked. The games were all free except for the Street Fighter one. He also explained that it was Zelda art month/week (can't remember). There were several Zelda art pieces hanging on the walls of the bar. I thought that was neat, especially cause I'm a Zelda fan. I mean, I've got a master key as a keychain for crying out loud. Overall, I really enjoyed this bar. The bartender was incredibly friendly, there was a decent amount of seating, the beer selection was great and the games were so much fun! I would definitely be a regular here if I lived in Orlando. I'll definitely be bringing my friends here the next time we decide to drive up to Orlando for the weekend!
What a fun atmosphere! Went with a small group of people, and had a great time! They serve a variety of Craft Beers - sort of like World of Beer, and are priced about the same as well... They provide FREE older video games - gotta love Frogger & Pac Man! The venue isn't too big, but still had a great time. Would go back again!
We visited BART on the soft opening night so this may not be 100% indicative of a normal day. When we got there the Fish out of Water Sushi Truck was there. The bar was backed! They have a decent selection of craft beers. I didn't see a beer list but the beers were on display in a glass-front case. They use Square for their point of sale which is cook, i did not check to see if you could open a tab and pay with Square with your own phone. I will have to check that out next time. Beer prices were average. As for seating, there wasn't much. There was a couch and a few tables with chairs. They definitely need more seating area. Again, this was a busy night so I don't know if this would be more of an issue on an average day. They have a great selection of classic arcade games. The only bummer was that Ms. Pac Man, my wife's favorite, was not working that night. Overall, it was a cool little joint. I enjoyed the time there and would definetly go back.
Came here because I used a Groupon. I had a hard time finding the place (it's sort of a hole in the wall), but I'm glad I did. Parking was a breeze (parked on the street). The bar is small but quaint/cozy. There are pretty neat vintage arcade machines there, and although I didn't play any, I have been told they are all free except for Street Fighter 2. Pretty cool. The bar serves bottled beer and wine (no draft), but their selection is really good, and prices are really good, as well. Being as it was my first time, the bartender explained to me how everything worked with the BART bucks I had purchased. I was going to grab a certain beer I know I like, but the bartender suggeste3d a different one, called Prankster. It was a really great suggestion, as I really enjoyed it. Next, I grabbed a Guinness (in the can), which can get pricey at some bars. It was only $5 (win!). I had another more expensive English Porter ($9), and it was the best beer I had. All in all, this is a great place, and I will definitely be back. There was good music (not too loud), enough space, great service, and a cool place to hang out.
I want to like you BART, and I do, I really do,  but I'm just not feeling the connection.  It's not you BART. It's me. You're great BART.  Many other people are going to come along and love you, love you better than I ever could.  But your, you know, it's just a little too small for me...I mean 5 different wines?  Come, come now, I realize your craft beer selection is pretty decent (not stellar, but definitely good), and your space is certainly limited, but I need more.   The arcade games are certainly fun and all, but maybe I don't have the requisite gaming history to feel nostalgic about playing them.  They were certainly fun, and it's a cool concept, but I was over it after about 30 minutes.  I can only die so many times at pac-man, just over 10,000 points, before wanting to throw my drink.  As I mentioned, alot of people will like this place, and they should, it's a nice concept.  Maybe it just isn't for me, I was frankly bored after 45 minutes being there.  To be fair, it was a Saturday at about 8 pm, so it was basically empty inside, which never helps, but still.   The wine selection doesn't really bother me either, as I'm more of a beer guy anyway, but the girlfriend wasn't terribly crazy about it. If you like arcade games, and are looking for a small place to have a good beer, this will probably be a fun place for you.  I just can't see making this place much of a regular hangout spot.   It's just not my bag, baby.
Bart is just one of the many reasons this neighborhood is so great.  This is a small, fun spot with a great bottled beer selection, friendly staff, art, and of course video games.  Free video games.
If your're having trouble finding it, it's in the same business strip as Yum-Mi. From Mills, drive East onto Lake Highland Dr. and pull into the parking lot behind the buildings-unless you LIKE to parallel park. I do not.   Super-tiny inside, but fantastically spacious and clean bathrooms (the whole joint is clean).  Decent beer selection. Mexican Coke, even (re-read that last sentence in the voice of Snaglepuss, please). Hubs had a nice bottle of Petrus Speciale served in a Delirium Tremens snifter. Hmm. Anyway, the staff were efficient, friendly and knowledgeable. I quite like all of the video game-related artwork for sale on display. And they have Burger Time! Yes! I likey.
What's not to like about classic video games and great craft beers? // rhetorical question? Yes indeed. This place has everything I've been looking for in a local watering hole, except for the constant reminder how hard the old classics are to master. (Donkey Kong, Missile Command, Ms Pac-Man, etc...) The cold beer helps dull my frustration, and I plan on getting tons of practice while the games are all free-play.
The awkward phase stares back, toothless. Initials were once the currency of accomplishment, the peak puncturing horizon and cloud; the air isn't thin enough here to give back the hunger, taint our fingers with cupronickel.
It can get crowded during the busier times, but if you happen in when it's not standing room only, you'll enjoy this little bar with game-inspired local art on the walls (and for sale) and a collection of free stand-up arcade machines.  The beer selection is very good and the bartenders have been knowledgeable and friendly every time we've been there.
FREE PLAY for the video games. So amazing. The place isn't perfect. I think the room could feel better, it's a little stale feeling, no draft beers, only can or bottles, and pretty poor music selection being played a bit too loudly. However, the beer prices are very reasonable. And let's face it, I'm going there to play video games while drinking beer, not critique beer or enjoy a cool atmosphere. I think if they took a little time to make the room feel a bit more unique & comfortable, got a handful of beers on tap, and had a better music selection, this place would blow up. It definitely has potential to be one of Orlando's best spots to go to. I'm just afraid it won't catch on due to a little lack of attention to detail. I sure hope they take the time to improve upon an already fantastic idea, make it a place that people who aren't gamers want to come & drink at. If that happens, there will be no stopping them.
I really love the theme and the execution of this place... the video games are a great excuse to continue drinking, and the all-you-can-play aspect wins; they could easily have made them coin-op but didn't and that's awesome. I do wish their bottled beer prices were a bit lower, but if you're playing $5 worth of video games while you're there maybe it's a wash.
A tiny hipster/nerd paradise, with friendly and chill employees, stuff by local artists on the walls, awesome arcade games that rotate every six weeks and an extensive beer menu with a good range of prices. (The wine menu is super limited, but with fair prices and a generous pour.) I wish they had stuff to nibble on, and it would probably help if the video games weren't all clustered into one corner - it makes the crowd all cluster to one corner and isn't conducive to mingling.  Overall, though it's definitely worth checking out.
Cool Place. The staff is knowledgeable and the beer is decently priced. It's awesome showcase local artists and have old school arcade games. It's best if there are only a few people in your group though. Place is small and doesn't smell like smoke!!! YAY!
Part bar, part art gallery, part arcade- 100% awesome! Bart's entrance is squished among the stores on mills ave- luckily they have their own parking lot in the back, which can be an issue in that neighborhood.  It's on the smaller side, but even when it's crowded it never feels stuffy.  The dim lit room is filled with a few high top tables, comfy chairs and a couch and stools at the long bar.  They have a great selection of rotating craft bottles and cans at good prices.  The owner and bartenders are all fun to hang out and talk with and are more then happy to recommend something for you.  They also have two tvs where an awesome cult classic is usually playing.  What makes Bart unique are the local artists work on the walls and the old school video games like galaga, pacman centipede.  Some of these you can even play for free!  They also do some theme nights, like when new tv seasons are premiered.  Once a week they also have a food truck come out, so you can enjoy some noms with your beer!  Bart is just a really relaxed bar where you can unwind after work, meet up with friends or end a crazy night!
Bart is cool. Bart is located in a strip mall right off of a busy street. Inside you will find old school arcade games and a large selection of adult beverages. The games are changed out every Thursday and almost all games are free, except the ones that ones that get excessive use, such as Street Fighter. I believe they will expand once another store front comes open. Only compliant is that it is a bit hot...not sure if it's all the video games or nerd boys ;)
Love this place!!!! The bartenders are really nice, good selection of craft beer, fun arcade games. I like that the games change, so I get to play different ones each time I go. If you get there early or really late, you won't be waiting at the bar or to play games.
Nice little spot and a good selection of bottled beer.  The games (FREE!) made the experience.  I had totally forgot how to beat the characters on "Mike Tyson's Punch Out" until I visited!  Needless to say, Don Flamenco is a little beotch!
This place is GREAT! Such a unique place with a great vibe. I just checked out the new art installation with beautiful animals and loved it. Place is clean, staff is friendly, great place with a great vibe.. and who doesn't love Ms. Pac-Man?
Great vibe! Cool place to just hang out with friends and drink. Vintage arcades games and a great selection of craft beers! The bar also showcases local artists, so be sure to come back often. Orlando has needed a place like this for a long time!
Ridiculously satisfying nostalgia for gentlemen of a certain age.  The bartenders have all been very helpful.  They make the place warm and inviting, unlike the aloof snobbery of craft beer bars like Redlight Redlight.  The last time I was there, they had Top Gun and The Naked Gun playing on separate televisions at the same time.  Fantastic!  The centerpiece (for me, at least) is arcade games from the 1980s, all free to play, with waist-high beer holders next to each game.  They have a fine selection of 7 or so games, but if the owners read Yelp, how about adding Tron or Street Fighter?  Wait, scratch that.  I already teeter the line between functioning alcoholic and Dudley Moore's Arthur, and more games would probably push me over the edge.
Awesome place to chill with a great craft beer, check out local art and play classic arcade games in the heart of the Mills50 and ViMi districts.
Great bar with tons of potential -- go now before it's too packed to get in. I went to Bart while visiting family in Florida. "Barcades" are all over in New York, so I was excited to see one in the bar wasteland that is Central Florida. Bart is a small place with about 10 games, which included Ms Pac Man. I would have loved some Tetris or Super Mario Bros, but had a lot of fun with Qbert and the pinball game. I'm not a video game expert, but still had fun. Bart is wine and beer only, but the beer selection is pretty extensive and has some really fun stuff. Bottles/cans only, no draft. Also no food, but the food truck parked outside was fantastic and totally made up for it. Staff is friendly and likes to chat about their beers, happy to help you make your choice. I would go back in a heart beat.
Bart is a great little hole in the wall bar. Good craft beers, good music, friendly staff, and a great vibe. The real draw though is of course the video games. At any given time there's 8 to 12 classic arcade games. Donkey Kong, Q*bert, Ms. Pac-Man, etc., and all are set on free-play (except for Street Fighter II so get ready to bring quarters if you want to get your Ha-Do-Ken on).  And they'lll have classic geek movies playing on the screens like Tron and War Games. For a child of the 80's this place is a dream come true. The beer is a little expensive though since there's nothing on draft (3 beers and 3 sodas cost me $40), and this place is tiny so if it gets busy it can get crowded fast. Also the food trucks have seemed to stop coming except for Wednesdays when the Fish Out of Water food truck stop still comes by. If you get hungry while you drink though, check out Hawkers just down the street. You're more than welcome to bring food from there inside while you drink.
Joseph the bartender is a great resource for helping you find the beer that'll suit your taste.
I love drinking and I love video games. This place is some kind of dream from another, fantastic world. I'm not into beer all that much but they had some cider and I'm a fan of that. The only improvement I can think of is getting a liquor license.
Great bar on Mills! Cool place to drink craft beer, play some classic arcade games, & check out local artwork. Owner & bartender were  very friendly & attentive, obviously put a great deal of work & attention to detail into this bar - highly recommend you check it out!!!!
I loved this place!  It's kind of small, and awesome!  The video games were all free, and my husband (a video game geek) had a great time.  The beer selection was amazing.  When you order they give you something like a menu book with all the beers they offer with a description of each.  I was told they change the selection weekly, with changing the games about every 4 weeks.  I would definitely go here again.  The music was in the background so you could really have a conversation in here.  They also feature a different artists work frequently, so it's a pretty cool place to hang out.
I like this place.  Had a good time with friends and they have good choice of craft beer.  Good beer, donkey kong, and art gallery.
love it! beer and video games! it deserves and all caps review! i will def be back! art is cool, people are fun and well....videos games are fantastic!
The Bart is awesome. The guys who work there are super nice. Awesome 80's/90's video games and art, good selection of beer, nice part of town, great place to have fun and get NOSTALGIC!
