I was introduced to this venue recently when I attended a matinee showing of Les Miserables.   I was SO blown away by the performance and could not believe that this little venue was hosting productions of this calibre in our "little" city of Orlando! I am a season Broadway show ticketholder of Bob Carr which has transferred over to  the Dr. Phillips performing arts center. While I love the big productions, I love the intimacy of this venue and that you can enjoy a show on a smaller scale but the performance is still Broadway worthy.    We had seats up high but I honestly think there are no bad seats in the house. There are even seats on both sides of the stage so you're really getting a front row experience.    I especially loved that there was an exit back behind us at the top of the stairs so we didn't have to go all the way down the stairs. One cool thing I noticed was that after the performance, the headliners were just hanging out in the lobby chatting with guests ..I was a little starstruck....no diva behavior there! :) I didn't really spend too much time in the lobby but did notice the gift shop and that they were doing some sort of 50/50 raffle.   They also sell refreshments but only drinks are allowed inside the performance.    Parking is shared with the Orlando Museum of Art so get there early as it fills up fast. You can also try parking off street on Mills or in the Orlando Science Center garage(probably for a cost). Had such a great time I'll be looking into tickets for my husband and I to attend in the future. I urge you to check this place out when you get a chance. You won't be disappointed!
I have seen several plays at the Orlando Shakespeare Theater over the years, and it is a fantastic place. There are several different theaters in the building to accommodate different performances. Even in the largest theater you will have the feeling of being in a pretty intimate space. Last weekend I took my family for the annual open house. This is a great opportunity to go behind the scenes and learn about the costume shop, set design, lighting, and all of the things that go into putting on these great shows. This event was free so we decided to buy some raffle tickets to support their fundraiser and we won tickets to an upcoming show. Yippee! We had a great time and will be sure to go back next year. I have seen a wide variety of shows here. We have gone to several of the kids shows, which are always tons of fun. Since they are the Shakespeare theater you can count on a couple Shakespearean plays per season as well as some classics. I like that they always add their own twist the the Shakespeare plays, so even if it's a story you already know they will present it in a new way. I really appreciate having a theater like this in Orlando. This is one of the many arts venues that makes Orlando great.
I am proud to say I will be an Acting Intern here this coming season 2014-2015! Please do venture out to this theatre for an evening (or afternoon) of some really spectacular entertainment. Not only is this theatre beautiful when you walk in, but it's neverending with several stages ranging from the most intimate to the largest proscenium/thrust! My favorite thing about this theatre by far, is that they have something for everyone. This year we will be doing a classic musical that everyone knows and is sure to be a showstopper- Les Miserable. And last season, the theatre took a risk and put on the incredibly large, long, and fantastic journey of Nicholas Nickleby (a two part show with marathon weekends that consisted of both parts and dinner In between). Let's not forget their namesake as well! They truly put on some unique and innovative versions of Shakespeare plays such as Julius Caesar, Taming of the Shrew, Titus Andronicus, & Othello (all done in the past two yrs or so). They also produce some other classics like Sense & Sensibility, have fun theatre for young audiences shows throughout the season (such as the recent Rapunzel), & host playfest where they perform works by up and coming playwrights. I cannot say enough about this theatre. They have great ticket prices, season passes available for purchase, they have a lovely snacks/drinks/wine concessions area, beautiful gift shop, decent parking if you come on time, and you're  sure to have a wonderful night of artistic enlightenment and culture! Please support the arts and visit this theatre routinely. Oh, and this gives us a reason to dress up fancy! Who doesn't enjoy that? :) Enjoy the show and look out for me this season in your playbills and on stage!
Experience the fun of sitting in the upper balconies for a first run movie like we did. Perfect picture and sound in this huge, grand old movie palace, which looks like it was built yesterday (gorgeously maintained). Manager named Mike graciously answered our questions about the cool venue! Sit upstairs for the thrill! They had 4 or 5 "grand drapes" that opened, each with its own light show and music, before the screen was exposed. Never seen anything like this before. We also had an unexpected 20-minute live stage show, like Broadway, before the stunning 3-D movie, all was included in a normal movie ticket price. I'm still saying "Wow!, Wow!, Wow!"
We come here quite often Niki and me. So much so that we donate every year so the shows can go on. We enjoy the high quality theater and works by Shakespeare in this intimate space. From time to time they perform works like Dickens Nicolas Nickleby or Les Miserables which is currently on stage. This is theater at its finest and fun for the whole family so bring the kids too. They will love it.
I really enjoy coming to this theatre. The shows are top notch. Bring a sweater or scarf as it does get chilly at times.
Wow...I just saw part 1 and 2 of The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby  on Saturday....and wow, was it an amazing performance!! Each part was about 3 hours each, with 1 intermission for the first and 2 for the second. You had to buy tickets separately for each, and we decided to purchased the dinner package, which included dinner at White Wolf Cafe plus the 2 tickets. I was hesitant to see both parts on the same day, especially since we were basically spending half our day at the Theater. It was was well worth it! In between each part, there were about 2 hours to spare for the dinner. I thought I'd be tired after the first 3 hours, but I could not wait to finish dinner and get to the second part, which was just as good, if not better. Everything was perfect, from the set design, to the costumes, to their English accents. They kept us laughing, crying and cheering. If I had to compare this to a Broadway style play at say Bob Carr or even Broadway itself, I'd say this blows most of them away. Not only the play itself, but I feel there is a different class of people and atmosphere here that makes it more inviting....if that makes any sense.
A local theater, what's not to love? I really don't take advantage of this being in my backyard as much as I should. It is located in Loch Haven Cultural Park in Ivanhoe! It's a great venue that hosts a variety of plays and event throughout the year. They are all about celebrating Classic, Contemporary, and Children's Plays. You can purchase single ticket shows or passes. I have been here plenty of times but most recently was last month for a one man play: Dracula: The Journal of Jonathan Harker. WOW! WOW! WOW! What a performance. And what a fab venue to see a one man show. It is intimate enough to feel every piece of the action yet not stuffy or any feeling of being claustrophobic. For lack of better words, it's a perfect balance. This play used Stoker's original text of journal entries, letters, and newspaper clippings and it definitely was jam-packed with plenty of thrills and chills. It was perfect for the season and not only was it captivating and haunting, it was also touching. The passion from the actor really shined through and he had my complete attention through both acts. The stage production was top notch as well, I really did forget I was sitting in a theater at points. Everyone that works here and the community behind it should be proud of themselves and every production they put on. Bravo!
Parts 1 and 2 on the same day! A once in a lifetime theater event. This is the way to do it if you can. Bravo, Shakes! Since I almost always only review restaurants, this is a significant departure for me, but I can't resist shouting how exceptional this production is.  I was unable to see it in NY in the 80s and it hardly ever comes around. I was determined to see it this time, and combined it with a trip out of the snow, so it was doubly worth it. When an Orlando production gets a rave review in NY papers, sit up an take notice that there is good theater in other parts of the country. Count on the Orlando Shakespeare Theater to make it happen. Congratulations to all those involved.
I had the pleasure of seeing Dracula : The journal of Jonathan Harker at this theater last night. What a great show. The leading actor John P. Keller was magnificent in his roles. I always thought one man shows to be incredibly boring but this show was anything but. I was amazed how fluid the transitions from character to character were. Dracula was eerily amazing. The actor's contortions and voice along the set's lighting made dracula other worldly. The beautiful set was wonderfully used to put you in the scene - to feel what he was feeling throughout. He gets spooked and so do you. Amazing show. I have been at this theater once before for the fringe festival to see a more light hearted show and was fairly pleased as well. I am excited to come back to see Shakespearean plays in the future.
Rarely do I get the opportunity to write a review with such pleasure, as even when five stars are deserved, rarely so much as this Theatre. I must begin with the Theatre itself.  It is not only a pleasure to get to, quite easy, but parking is abundant and gratis.  This was a surprise to me, as in my former city parking at the theatre would run anywhere from $5 to $20.   The staff are helpful, warm and quite informative and the theatre - there are actually more than one inside, a smaller and a larger - was clean and quite comfortable.  They sell beverages and snacks at reasonable prices and have space to consume them pre show or in intermission. We were led into the smaller theatre and I was quite excited as we had wonderful seats, yet anywhere you would have been is intimate and cozy.  I do not know how many people this particular theatre held, but I would surmise maybe around 200.   The stage was beautifully and expertly designed, they truly did a wonderful job.   Now I must say that the Orlando Shakespeare Theatre deserves many stars, but what truly took it over five for me, was the incredible quality of the actor in "Dracula: The Journal of Jonathan Harker".  Please let me explain something.  I love the theatre and have been to many shows in Chicago, Miami, Louisville, Bogota and now here.  On occasion one can expect an excellent performance from a professional troupe that unfortunately falls flat, or expect an amateur performance from volunteer actors that is quite nice.  I didn't know what I was about to enjoy (or not) from John P.  Keller.  As he was the only actor in the play it could have gone either way. Once he came out and began to speak, goosebumps began to erupt on my arms.  Dare I hope that it will continuously be as wonderful as his opening?  Would he wane and fade as the performance continued?  I was most definitely not to be disappointed in his amazing and nothing short of award deserving acting.  I can honestly say that in no theatre ever, have I seen such incredible acting. As he narrated the journal, his expressions, intonations, and pauses were absolutely perfect, and I must say that each time he went to speak for Dracula that he transformed into the monster himself.  His Vlad Dracul was absolutely perfect and incredibly disturbingly evil.  Then with a blink of his eye he would transform into Jonathan and later Quincy, Van Helsing, or Arthur.  His transformations into said characters including the different (and perfect) accents were so absolute, so complete, that I left feeling a whole troupe of actors had been on that stage.   After seeing Mr. Keller perform, we spent the next two days commenting on how amazing he truly had been.  My only regret was that we saw the play on the penultimate day and couldn't come back to experience it again.   Orlando Shakespeare Theatre has proven to be of utmost quality and can hold its own next to any in NYC or other theatre town.   I heard Mr. Keller will be the lead in "The Life & Adventures of Nicholas Nickelby", a play I will now see only because I would love to see his performance. (Note, for anyone wondering... NO I do not know the actor personally, he isn't a friend, relative, acquaintance or friend, relative or acquaintance of anyone I know either.  He was just THAT GOOD).
After a not so thrilling dinner my friend and I were starting to worry about our show to follow at the Orlando Shakespeare Theater.  We arrived and the venue for Rent, the musical, was small and intimate, huge plus.  From the third row, it felt like we were a part of the show; living the story with all the Rent characters.  I loved it. As a venue though, I would love to continue seeing musicals and plays here.  From the ushers to the snack table clerk, everyone was so attentive and helpful!  We were taken directly to our seats and given a program to read over before the show began.  None of this pointing and find your way, they accompanied us to our seats.  Not that the theater is grand in size, but that kind of service makes the experience so much more enjoyable.
Very often the shows that are preformed here are very polished and professional.  The space is well designed and very clean.  I always enjoy seeing a play at The Orlando Shakespeare Theater.
It's a small, intimate theater that is comfortable for watching shows.  Of course, choosing the right show for you will be most important for your experience. A bar is available with seating all throughout the lobby areas.  A small gift shop with really cool note cards, sonnet books, and other cute Shakespearean items can be found here as well. Other events are held here apparently.  For example, a poker tournament fund raiser was being held the night I went to see "God of Carnage." Parking is free. Perk!
Saw Othello and Shrew. Definitely NOT disappointed! Planning on catching Ceasar next month!
What an awesome theater! My bf and I went to see 'Romeo & Juliet' on Friday night and it really made for a lovely date night. The theater is small and intimate, however seating can be a bit tight (and I'm pretty tiny). The play was great...lots of talented actors and they did a great job keeping the audience engaged. They also have a small bar where you can have some wine or beer and small snacks. The wine selection was not that great...only about 4 wines to choose from...but it gets the job done! I really loved this place, it's gorgeous, clean and the staff is great. Also, they have these nights which are $20 for people under 30 yrs old.
I've come here on many occasions. This time I was really disappointed when I ordered tickets for one play over the phone, and when I got there I was given tickets for an entirely different play. The play i wanted to see was over. :-( The girl at the box office did exchange the wrong tickets but it's for a different day. Just make sure when you do order over the phone they have you down for what you want to see! In all it's a great place to come see a play at anytime. They do offer plays for everyone including kids. I do usually volunteer for the Fringe fest, which is entertaining itself without heading to see any plays. It's basically another play fest but more for grownups. They also have summer camps as well. So if you're looking for something to do with the kids this summer check out one of their camps!
I frequently attend their plays, and they are all very entertaining. The last one I saw was God of Carnage. It was funny, sarcastic, and full with drama which spoke volumes of human nature. Refreshments and drinks can be purchased before the show. The theater is very organized and the staff is friendly. I have got in with UCF student rush tickets, and I am appreciative of the great discounts we receive!
A great venue, with a variety of stage sizes- and very affordable! I have been to independent productions as well as the Fringe Festival at the Orlando Shakes. I am always pleased with the intimate staging and overall quality of the theater. There is a gift shop, with Shakespeare action figures- AWESOME! There is one theater in the back that is always really warm, so dress lightly and bring a sweater just in case!
This is a true hidden gem of Orlando; I would have completely missed it around Loch Haven Park! I didn't realize how many museums, theaters, etc. are around that area. We as Orlando residents must take advantage of these art venues. I went to this theater with my family to catch Cinderella. The building was stunning with a flowing river outside the front. Inside of the building, there are a small gift shop and several theatres to accommodate different audience sizes. Volunteers did seem confused where to seat us, but we figured out where we were sitting. We thought Cinderella was developed perfectly for kids, short and sweet (45 minutes long). We went to an  ASL performance and watching the interpeters on stage was a little tricky from sitting at the dead-end  right. However, that can be worked on. I noticed they have a cafe back in the theater and the prices are very reasonable, cheaper than other venues. I can certainly feel the intimate feeling. I am not a big Shakespeare fan, but to see my kids to enjoy themselves was worth the price :) BONUS TIP: If you are at the theater during the daytime, check out Orlando Fire Museum in the courtyard, fascinating history of our fire department.
This is another alternative to the typical dinner and a movie date night. Of course, you're still on the hook for dinner, but this provides another great entertainment option. I've seen two plays here and both were terrific. The casts were talented and very friendly. Some members even spent time talking with the patrons after the show. I enjoyed the interaction - it's not often that you get the opportunity to thank the actors and commend them personally on their performance. It seems this venue allows for that type of interaction since it is such a small, intimate setting.
I took my neices and friends to see the interactive Snow White and 7 Dwarfs over the weekend.  They had a blast!  I haven't been for a child's show before this one.  I must say, I was impressed with the mini theater, the actors were lovely and the show was well put together for a young audience.  The audience ranged of ages likely 2-9.  So cute- dresses and hair bows were everywhere (lol).  Eager little bright eyes waiting for Snow White to appear.  The interactive aspect was just adorable.  Children from the audience were asked up to stage to participate in portions of the show.  I am huge fan of Orlando Shakes.  This show just redirected me to make sure I expose the little people I know (neices/nephews) to our local theater.  I will surely be taking them back to see the other shows in the upcoming season.
The best place in town to see live theater! Great for adults and kids!
The Orlando Shakespeare Theater is simply Orlando's best live theatrical venue.  Between their Signature Series (professional productions of classic and contemporary plays), the Harriett Lake Festival of New Plays (aka Playfest!), the Sunday reading series, the Theater for Young Audiences series, and the many various courses of instruction and special events each year, OST has programming that truly hits every interest, and having attended most of their productions for the past several years I can attest to the fact that all of it is put on with immense talent and passion.  Given its ideal location, superb facility, and reasonable pricing, I wholeheartedly recommend that visitors and residents alike take the opportunity to check out the Orlando Shakespeare Theater.
Hands down the finest venue in the Orlando area for live theater. If circus acts and rock/pop bands are your thing head to the theme parks where there are some excellent entertainment  spots. When you want a taste of real theater in the Orlando area head to the Orlando Shakespeare Theater. Jim Helsinger has done a great job since taking on the role of artistic director.
