Great people. Great atmosphere. It's a wonderfully intimate space. And, the shows are must-see burlesque acts, which are high energy. Be sure to bring dollar bills to show your appreciation of the talent. Plus, the emcee is incredibly entertaining and ... well ... funny. If you don't leave with a smile, you might want to seek professional help.
I've been coming here since May 2014 for some shows from the International Orlando Fringe festival. At first, I was skeptical because it's a house & I was wondering where the stage was. You walk into the house to check-in for your production. Then you can a have a drink at the small bar or have a seat inside. Then you walk out the back door to head inside the garage for the stage area. The stage is not very highly elevated from the ground. So seeing the stage in the back on regular chairs is very difficult. They have a limited number of high-top tables with high chairs on the outskirts of the audience area. The chairs are just basic chairs that is not very comfy to sit on. The lighting, sound quality, & stage performance area is satisfying. I highly recommend getting to your event early so you can sit up front for a great chance of seeing the show at it's best. So far I have not experienced any issues or seen a horrible show here yet. I've seen a lot of shows in just a few months. Parking is available down the side streets. Not far to walk. I would recommend coming here some events/productions that interest you. Check out their website to learn about upcoming events.
I've seen a few Fringe Festival shows here for the last 2 of Orlando Fringe's yearly events. Their small stage provides the perfect amount of space for these types of shows. You have about 10 rows of seats, with about 6-8 table tops along the sides. The venue is split into 2 buildings, with a short breezeway connecting them. The front building is where you'd buy tickets, drinks (beer, wine and liquor), some snacks and some lounging can be done. The back building is the stage itself, where you can bring your drinks/food in too. Both building provide bathrooms. There's a nice outdoor area, with big shade trees and some seating. The staff has always been friendly. I haven't seen any shows outside of Fringe, but look forward to seeing one one day. I hear they can be very risqué. The Venue creates a cultural triangle in the Ivanhoe area, together with the Shakespeare/Repertory theaters and Theater Downtown.
The Venue is a great place to see independent shows at a phenomenal price. I have been meaning to come here for some time. I was trying to attend a show here when Fringe Fest was in town... but alas, the tickets to the show were sold out! Finally I made it to a Friday night Broadway Burlesque Show: The time was a little confusing.... opens at 10pm but the show did not start until well after 11pm. They have a bar in the front with a decent option for drinks. They have an outdoor courtyard where you can hang out before the show. Once you are inside the theater, they have a lot of reserved seating. The Venue is small and intimate enough that I cannot imagine a bad seat anywhere. Not only was the place packed.... but a lot of people were standing! Amazing show!!!!!! However, bring small bills. After each individual performance the performer will walk thru the crowd with a tip jar. There is an intermission with enough time to have another round of drinks. Only downside to my experience was the people behind me who talked loudly thru the entire show!!!! They were catching up on outside things... not discussing the show. Overall, very happy to return here for many more performances!
I love the venue!  You never know what kind of cheeky, slightly off centered fun is cooking in this home of Orlando Arts Mega Genius Blue Starr!  I have seen nerd burlesque, MST3K'd terrible movies hosted by the gayer than sin, and unapologetic for it because that's why we love him Logan Donahoo and been moved to tears by shows from the Fringe.   The place truly is an asylum for the arts, with no two experiences are ever identical.    Whether it be a bold new piece that just may be too much for the mainstream, or friends just looking to share performing passions with the world, you are guaranteed to be entertained. Also, don't forget they do have a full bar to enjoy drinks before the show in the quint, house-like lobby.
If you have a chance to see a play here, go for it! It's a nice Venue. :) BAR I arrived pretty early for the show I saw, so I had a few drinks beforehand. They have a small but decent selection and an awesome, friendly bartender & reasonable prices. VENUE The venue has a large stage with a few rows of chairs (maybe 40-ish people) and a few high-top tables lining the back. I sat at one of the high-top tables in the back and I was able to see just fine (without glasses on) and didn't feel like my experience was cheated by my seat. It felt like there was plenty of room, unlike many other smaller venues (ie. Breakthrough Theatre, several of the Fringe Festival venues, or Mad Cow theatre where you are sitting almost ON THE STAGE!). A unique place for sure... PARKING I can't say that I really understand the parking situation. At least it isn't paid parking. I ended up parking a short hike away in a lot for a different place. My suggestion to the owners would be to put some signs up or something...
The venue is a local performance space that is often rented out for plays, concerts, etc.  The concept for the business is great and the whole space is very interesting with the two separate buildings and the little court yard in between.  I recently saw Clandestine Art's rendition of Sweeney Todd here and I see myself coming back for another show.
What a fabulous performing arts venue! It's def the spot to bring friends, grab a drink and catch an entertaining show. The Venue is the home of BabyBLUESTAR Productions. This awesome group of independent working performers run everything from conception to performance and deliver amazing, fun and interactive shows. I am sure you have caught them performing all over Orlando like at Stardust Lounge, PHouse and Fringe but now they have their own home! A great variety of shows are running so check their site of FB for a list of what is coming up. I first found out about this production amazingness when I caught a Peek-A-Boo, Dirty Bingo and Amateur Burlesque at Stardust Lounge. I was addicted and have been going any chance I could the past 3 years... SO FUN! Pumped they have their own spot so there will be more shows, a range of fun and something for everyone. yelp.com/biz/peek-a-boo-… yelp.com/biz/dirty-bingo… Tips: - I would suggest calling ahead for a reservation so your group can all sit together! - They take cards but make sure to bring cash for tipping during the performances. - It's located directly across from The Hideaway Bar, it basically looks like a cool house. - Somewhat tricky parking so arrive early. You can grab a drink, hang out and chat with the performers. - Full bar available. The Venue is also available for Private Events, Weddings, Birthday Parties, etc so check it out and give 'em a call: 407.412.6895 - It really makes for a fabulously fun ladies night!! Stop by and support the Performing Arts in Orlando by catching a show!
I had a freaking blast at the Venue, they have some really awesome unique things going on. I was fortunate enough to check it out during the Passport to Ivanhoe where they sample a little bit of everything they have to offer. Peek-a-boo burlesque, some comedic duets, and a amazing talented dancers.  After the event I stayed for the Addams Family production, it was really entertaining and I love the all the dance numbers. Check this place out for a girls night, bachelorette parties, and a all around fun time!
I've only been here once for Peek-a-Boo, but I am looking forward to going back and seeing more shows: Varie-Tease, 2 B N Addams, etc. We called ahead for a reservation, and by the looks of things, I would say it's best to do so. The place wasn't overly crowded when we went, but I can see how it could get packed, so having a seat reserved is ideal. I first learned about Peek-a-Boo when it was at Stardust, and having seen it now at both places, I do like that The Venue provides a lot more space for the performers and the audience. Win win. I suggest everyone check out The Venue, as well as the other Ivanhoe Village spots. See you there!
Took a visit here for an event during "Yelp's Passport to Ivanhoe Village". It was great! Such a cute venue! From the outside it is pretty deceiving! Looks like a little cute house on the block, but once you are inside it is a great, well decorated, open space! I LOVE the vibe of The Venue. During this event, caught a sampler of what they do. All of the performers were very talented and I enjoyed my time! :-)
Interesting place. Definitely not for everyone though. I went on a whim. We saw the Halloween themed shows. It was $15 at the door for one show or $20 for both. The second show is the more risque of the shows. It's a small venue but cozy. There is a bar in the lobby area. And a bar in the theater. They even have servers that come around at your seats in case you need a refill during the show. The performers were very talented. It was an impressive show especially considering they change it up so often.
Awesome place. I love that local entertainer Blue (real name unknown to me) has created such a unique performance space. I had a chance to see 2 Fringe shows here and also hang out during visual Fringe and really enjoyed myself. I have been following the career of the owner since her days performing at the old Southern Nights. It makes me happy to see an Orlando Entertainer reach this level of success. I highly recommend this place for shows or hangout time. The staff is efficient and super friendly. She also serves an out of this world chips and salsa for free. If you see an event this year, see it here!
They are so nice here. And easy on the eyes.  This place makes me wish I lived in Florida so I could frequent here.
Had a blast!! Will come often! A great place to relax, have fun - meet people, have drinks - and the stage and venue itself are AWESOME! I can see so many great things happening for a long time to come!
