I have been to Mad Cow twice now and have loved it both times! I first went a month ago to see HAIR and went back tonight for The History Boys. Both performances featured incredible actors and amazing productions. The staff is very friendly and always there to assist and answer any questions you may have. It's in a great location, so getting a pre or post show drink is never a problem!
I recently went back to Mad Cow Theatre to catch the preview show for "The History Boys" & was reminded just how charming this theatre is. In the heart of downtown, Mad Cow is succeeding in exposing arts to Central Florida in the best possible light. Every seat in the house is a good seat &  the quality of the plays Mad Cow puts on are top notch. A great evening out! Plus, they serve wine (big pours) & cookies, two of my favorite things. Major win!
Local Arts and Culture HERE! Join the Heard! They are creative and authentic to what they are sharing with the community. Production level is top noch- they have have mentions in Major Media as well bring Actors from NYC and All over and too hire local! Support them - see a show or two!
Excellent production, we saw The History Boys and were really impressed by the quality of the show.  Bravo! They have a few items for purchase at the bar and a couple wrapped baked goods, no other food so make plans for before or after the show.
Orlando is becoming one of the great places to produce fine Musical theater for a good price.  Mad cow is a great location. (I am not sure where it was before) and has close Pay for parking. ($10) We saw Hair and was very pleased with the production. The ability to buy food and alcohol and bring it into the theater is a pleasant surprise. it is very clean and well lit with plenty of pictures of previous performances. Will be back.
What to say about the Mad Cow Theatre. This was my first trip to the Mad Cow Theatre to see Death of a Salesman, and overall, it was a very good experience. The theatre itself is nice. Small and even if you happen to be sitting in the last row, you're still close. It looked like there might have been one or two or a few seats behind a column, but the rest of the seats were good. The play itself was awesome. I don't know if reviewing the play is part of the Mad Cow Theatre, but the play was awesome. Actors were really good and the way the play was structured to show present time and flashbacks ... really well done! If another play rolls around that seems to catch my attention, I will be back!!
Such a great, intimate spot to catch some phenomenal acting. I was lucky enough to catch their 100th production this past Friday night and it was extremely impressive. The small theater is extremely lovely when you walk in to the bright lit lobby housing some amazing photos from previous productions. They have a snack bar with wine which is always a plus. The theater Macbeth was in was extremely small and cozy. The seats were extremely comfy. The acting was outstanding! I for sure am interested in seeing various other shows there. Great playhouse in the middle of Downtown!
I regret having waited so long to visit this cozy, intimate theater on Magnolia Avenue.  It turns out the musical I saw, "The Drowsy Chaperone," is the last stage production at this location.  They will be moving to the Church Street District in January. Besides nicely-produced musicals such as "Chaperone," the Mad Cow presents a good number of dramas, including still to come this season, Dancing at Lughnasa, Hedda Gabler, The Pitmen Painters and Twelve Angry Men, along with two other musicals and a Noel Coward comedy. Prices are reasonable, in the low thirty-dollar range, and the acting, as least for this performance, is professional.  Many of the actors perform at Disney.  If you're seated on the front row, you are effectively on stage.  As others have said, there is no such thing as a bad seat at this venue.  I look forward to returning when their season continues on Church Street.
I finally caught a performance at Mad Cow last night. Since the quality of the shows will vary based on which show or cast you're seeing, I'll address the theater itself. It's a nice little theater - seating about 100 people with no bad seats. The seats are comfortable, if a little cramped. Be sure to wear a light/airy outfit as there is a serious problem with the air here. I spoke to some of the cast members/staff and they acknowledge the problem. Unfortunately, they have no control over the AC system themselves. As the room fills up and the lights come on, the room becomes stiflingly hot but the AC does not kick on. You can bring in a bottle of water, but try not to make noises as you pop the cap open/closed. I attended on an opening night, and I'm not sure if it's a regular occurrence, but the cast and crew came out to the lobby after the show to mingle with the audience. I believe it was the director (or possibly producer) gave a champagne toast (which was free). Before the show and during intermission, you can purchase drinks and small snacks. I didn't try any of them, but the prices all seemed reasonable enough.
The new venue provides an clean, productive, and intimate setting to watch a show.  The quality of the performances are always a step above the typical community theatre.  The show I saw tonight, the Light in the Piazza, had a very talented Cast, lovely set designs, and stunning costumes - which truly made for an enjoyable night at the theatre.  There's usually only one or two shows a season that interest me, but I have yet to be disappointed with the productions I've seen.
Quaint yet robustly entertaining. As a Mad Cow Theatre newbie I knew I was in for a treat but little did I know it would be such a big treat. I simply adored the show and the cast was magnificent. I can't wait to see their new location this fall as I definitely plan on heading back for more. Hopefully the new theater will also not have a bad seat in the house! My only disappointment had nothing to do with the theater, cast of the show or theater staff but the five middle-aged theater chatters behind me. For almost the entire duration of the show they felt it was their obligation to chat and then chat some more, and not in hushed whispers. Only downside. Aside from that, I have an absolutely marvelous time. While the price may seem a bit steep, when you can't get a bad seat and you are front row you can't complain.
I've had the pleasure of seeing several shows at Mad Cow over the past few years.  Even though the venue is small, I am always blown away by the performances. I love that they choose to do things that you would not expect from a hundred seat theatre.  Like musicals.  I saw both Sweeney Todd and The Fantsticks there.  Both were VERY good (although, a short note to say if you are an actor and playing a male romantic lead, madly in love with a GIRL, tone down the gay.) Last night, I saw one of the performances of their Cabaret festival which was simply wonderful.   I would say that if you have any interest at all in theatre or are just looking for a fun and interesting way to spend sn evening, be sure to check out Mad Cow.  Whatever is playing, you will not be disappointed.
Mad Cow was great at the previous location. The move to the new location changed the atmosphere for the worse. It now seems to be about pleasing the big donors and ignoring the folks who have been loyally attending for years but weren't able to contribute as generously. The productions are inconsistent. I invited a newcomer to Dreamgirls and was horribly embarrassed! I purchased "premium seats" which apparently meant the second row all the way next to the exit. Our view of the stage was obstructed which didn't matter much since there was no set design. Moreover, some of the singers were inaudible. This proved to be an issue for a subsequent production, The Light in the Piazza. I wish they would just use a sound system. It is so irritating to have to strain to hear the lyrics. Mad Cow still produces some quality productions: Table Manners, Venus and Fur, Sunday in the Park with George. Still, others fall flat: Dreamgirls, Death of a Salesman, Other Desert Cities (season opener? really?). My friends and I most recently visited Mad Cow on what was initially advertised as a Christiane Noll's cabaret show. At some point this must have been changed to a fundraising night which included paltry hors d'oeuvre, a couple tablespoons of wine served in a plastic cup, and the revealing of the new name of the black box theater since the "Black Box Theater" is somehow insufficient. About an hour and a half later we were seated in The Harriet only to have to sit through what came across as a high school talent show. No offense to several of the acts as some of them were quite good, but nothing flowed together and the emcee didn't help matters much. Finally! Christiane Noll is announced! She enters the stage and sings too songs as beautifully as I have ever heard them sung and then she says "see you tomorrow night" and exits the stage! My entire group was disappointed, mad, and appalled that an event which was initially advertised as a cabaret show was merely a poorly put together preview show. I attempted to call the next day to order tickets to the "real" Christiane Noll cabaret only to be told their computer systems were down and that I was to reserve the tickets online. Of course, reserving tickets online requires a fee per ticket as well as a processing fee. I am a student and these extra charges are costs I can ill-afford. Oh yeah, don't forget to bring $10 to pay for parking. I discussed this situation with my group and we decided that enough is enough and we will not be returning to the Mad Cow next season. We were disappointed we didn't get to see Christiane Noll, but the recent changes at the theater have left us feeling unappreciated and not valued even though we have been loyally attending since the early 2000s. Hopefully Mad Cow is able to get back on its feet, pay its debt, and recapture the spirit that has been lost. After all, now that there are no theaters left to be named after the big donors, the little people may be all they have left.
Mad Cow Theatre stages the most innovative theatre in all of Orlando. I have had the pleasure of seeing my fair share of shows in both spaces. Some of the most memorable have been: "The Rainmaker", "Our Town" ,"Under Milk Wood" and my favorite "Stop Kiss". The acting rivals things I have seen on the NY Stage. My hats are also off to a theatre that allows you to enjoy a class of wine while watching a show. Cheers to Mad Cow!
- great new venue right on Church Street. Consistently wonderful theatre company bringing Orlando a mix of well known shows and obscure gems.
Great theater! I'm glad it's a part of downtown Orlando!
The Mad Cow theatre is a small venue featuring decent alternative theatre.  I happened to catch "My Year of Magical Thinking" last night.  The play was a one woman monologue that lasted for 1 hour and 45 minutes with no intermission.  The woman was definitely talented.  She was a fine actor and the writing was humorous, sophisticated, and powerful at times.  The show did remind me of Lord of the Rings 3 in the sense that the show's logical ending point occurred many times before the actual end of the show.  It feels like alot of the dialogue toward the end of the show was superfluous.  The show was good and would have done well by practicing conciseness.  My main gripe with the Mad Cow Theatre is how I felt that they overcharge people.  In no way can it be argued that that one hour and 45 minute one woman dialogue was worth $20 per person.  It's not like we were going to see Sinatra.  I mean, tonight I'm going to see Jerry Seinfeld in St Petersburg, FL for $30 and that's going to be easily 100X more entertaining but only costing $10 more.   Not only that, there is something wrong with their credit card machines so they made us wait a long time after the show trying to figure out how to charge us when I felt like the $20 charge per person should have been half that.  If they can't figure out their machines, don't make the customers wait for half an hour, cut your losses and move on.  To end on a positive note, I really liked how in the show they kept changing the colors of the background and inserting little sound clips to help carry on the illusion.  It really made the first hour of the show very enjoyable and artistic.  They were perfectly on cue to have the right color in the background to match the mood of the dialogue.    I have to give that actor all the credit in the world though, she played that part to the tee.
I went to see "Collected Stories" at Mad Cow Theatre on a Sunday afternoon, and it was the best Sunday afternoon I have in recent memory. The staff is welcoming, friendly, professional, and efficient. The play began right on schedule. The acting was magnificent, and the intimate theater setting was not too cold, and perfectly comfortable for viewers. I loved being so close the actors. Their facial expressions and subtle movements didn't go unnoticed because we were right there, only a few feet away. The coffee and wine bar offered a good variety and had a plate full of homemade cookies for sale, too. It was open before the show and during intermission, and they allow you to bring your food and beverages into the theater with you. I can't think of one thing this theater could do to improve. I plan to see many more plays there. So grateful we have places like this available to gain more exposure to the arts. Thank you to the entire crew at Mad Cow Theatre. Cannot wait to go back!
Wow, I can't believe no one has written a review on this small theater. Mad Cow has existed for about 13 years now. I discovered it when my wife and I moved to downtown and have loved it since. They have two theaters and perform a variety of plays and musicals. Prices range from about $16 to $28 depending on the size of the cast. They have Monday specials on price, but they sell quick. Being a typical guy, I am not typically a fan of plays, but it is alot of fun. My wife and I sometimes buy a bottle of wine there to bring in to the performance. Also sometimes we go next door to the Clubhouse before or afterwards for wings. What a great combo! The Creative Director is Alan Brun. He is very funny with his preshow speil. There are obviously many followers of this theater as they will say the same funny speil with him. If you go, you'll have a great time!
My wife, mother in law & brother in law went to a show here Sunday afternoon (Private Lives).  None of us are active 'theater goers' but we all enjoyed the show and theater.  Apparently they're moving locations but it was an interesting (different) set up in the theater itself.  The lobby was nice, clean and had a little snack bar.  Lots of places to walk around and eat right downtown.  Ticket prices were reasonable.  The actors and show itself were actually better than we expected.  We had fun and hope to be back soon.
We've tried Mad Cow Theater, on and off, several times over the years. This is definitely amateur theater. We love theater and travel from Orlando to Sarasota to the Asolo Theater plays several times a year. We'd love for downtown Orlando to have a fine local theater, too. but this is not it!  The last 3  Mad Cow plays we attended, we left at intermission. Simply put, the main problem seems to be the directing. The acting is mediocre, some better than others, but it's the directing that is lacking really here. Also, costuming is poorly done. (In Hedda Gabler, which takes place in 1890, one character carries a purse from the 1950's or newer. Another handbag is from the 1940's. Inexcusable. Also, the lady's hat is clearly a comtemporary straw hat with feathers and flowers stuck on it. Horrible.  Clearly wrong in all cases.) We'd love to support a local Orlando theater, but we will look to other venues than Mad Cow.  It simply does not have the directing or  talent necessary for entertaining and credible performances. Sorry.
