I've been to other "historic" theaters before which usually means small weird restrooms, low amenities, bad sound and low quality lighting. HOWEVER, the Garden Theatre exceeding my expectations in areas of cleanliness, class, and sound production. I watched Sweeney Todd from row Q (about 3rd from last row) and I was surprisingly fine with the seats which speaks to the smaller size theatre being able to deliver. I found the staff to be committed to making my experience a very classy event. They actually walked us to our seats, how nice is that!? I did have trouble on my iPad with seeing the seating chart on their website, not sure what's going on there but I called the box office which seemed like they were my friend. I'm already shopping for my next show.....
I experienced the Garden Theatre for the first time yesterday to see Hairspray The Broadway Musical. This place is marvelous because the interior is gorgeous, clean, & the walls have a unique design as if placed in a small city ally. The exterior is cool with the old fashion theatre marquee display with a ticket holder booth. There is a small concession stand inside to the left. They accept cash & credit cards. Prices were reasonable in my opinion. They serve candy, popcorn, bottle soda/water, & some theatre gifts. The staff members were very helpful by given out playbills, bookmarks, & directing people to their assigned seats. Since the theatre is small built, it seems that every seat will be able to see the stage just fine. They encourage some small donations because this is a Non-Profit Organization. They offer a wide range of shows & movies to most audiences. You can check out their website for more information: gardentheatre.org If you are looking for a fun, cool place, then this is a must to see place for a special treat. Check it out!
See Sweeney Todd at Garden Theatre Winter Garden, FL.  Chance of lifetime to hear Sondheim music wonderful orchestra and voices in lovely place.
This place is just so lovely. The staff is great, the ambiance is fun, the audiences are fantastic. I've been here before for plays, concerts, and movies. Tonight we went to see The Philadelphia Story and instead of icky previews they showed a period political ad (in news reel style), complete with subtitles that translated the national debt and defense spending figures into 2013 dollars. And classic movies for $5! Amazing. Just so much love for this place. Go, go, go.
The Garden Theater is one of my favorite places for true cultural enrichment. My daughter and I have attended many movies and live events and have never been disappointed. The ambiance is top-notch and the staff is friendly. I know it sounds silly, but stepping into the theater is like stepping back in time. This is a true gem, and if you haven't been before you owe it to yourself to give it a try. Classic movies on the big screen to share with the youngest generations? Yes please! Because this is a non-profit, outside food and drink are not allowed, so plan to bring a couple bucks if you'd like something to eat or drink.
Originally built in 1935 as a single-screen cinema, the Garden Theatre was the first in Central Florida built for "talkies," and was a gathering place for locals to watch the latest newsreels and films of the day.  Constructed in the Mediterranean Revival style, the interior of the theatre was modeled after a Spanish courtyard with "Romeo & Juliet" balconies, Spanish tile roof, and a dark blue ceiling resplendent with "stars."  The theatre underwent several renovations until closing in 1963. Soon after, the interior was completely removed and the sloped floor was covered with cement to level the surface to be used by a farm supply store. Through the tireless efforts of the Winter Garden Heritage Foundation, the restored Garden Theatre reopened in February 2008, and with over 200 events per season, has quickly become a shining star on Plant Street.  The Garden Theatre brings a cultural performing arts center to Winter Garden, a town with unparalleled charm in Central Florida.  This achievement is revitalizing the downtown historic district, and bringing a nostalgic sense of community back to the citizens of Winter Garden. By restoring its architectural charm and re-introducing well-loved family programming, this treasured gem fills a cultural void in West Orange County.  By presenting 4-7 events each week, a study by Americans for the Arts, Arts and Economic Prosperity Report, shows the estimated annual economic impact of the operational theatre to be over $1 million annually.   The Garden Theatre hosts live plays, concerts, movies, and more to the residents of and visitors to the city of Winter Garden.   I have seen many live plays as well as classic movies during the summer and highly recommend a visit to this historic cinema!
Garden Theatre Proof exists that big is not always better! I've been to the Garden for 3 events and all have been a delight. While it may be a smaller venue than the Bob Carr for example, it makes up for space with charm and a friendly atmosphere. Last summer I enjoyed a vintage movie during their annual movie series. In October my friends and I had a great time at Little Shop of Horrors, amazed by the talented cast and wonderful costumes.  The smaller space is actually a treat during a live production, the audience almost feels a part of the action on stage! Most recently we attended The Best of Battle of the Sexes and once again were not disappointed (well except the show at 1 hour was a wee bit short), but that was the Orlando Ballet's timing not the Theatre's doing. Friendly staff and volunteers and tasty popcorn round out an overall fun experience!
Who knew? The Garden Theater could be called "a diamond in the rough," but the location on an old town street in Winter Garden is far from "rough." This theater has an old school charm that is hard to find in the Orlando area.  The trip out there is as much fun as getting there.  Avoid Colonial when doing so, as you may want to take a more scenic route.  In fact if you are going to see a play make time to walk around the city center and eat at one of the local restaurants.   Anyway, the caliber of theater is well worth the visit.  I saw L'range Avec Fleur which I beleive is on its last week (look it up).   In addition to performance art, the Garden Theater shows movies, which will probably be my next visit.   This is definitely repeatable.  Great place for dates. Dafe
If you haven't been to downtown Winter Garden, the Garden Theatre alone is worth the drive. Recently voted in Orlando Weekly as one of the best rehab stories, the theater has been completely restored to its full glory, something the theatre hasn't seen for almost 40 years. It's interesting to see the Spanish style, with wrought iron balconies on either side of the stage. Movies are shown Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays and the tickets are only $5 a pop. During the day, the theatre hosts educational summer camps for the kids in the areas of acting, improv, or puppeteering. It's really exciting to see the revamp, and it's good to know that places like this still exist.
I absolutely LOVE the Garden Theatre.  Their ticket prices are so reasonable, the location is perfect and the quality of the shows is superb!  I always love the friendliness of the staff, too!   I just saw Nunsense and was blown away!  The singing was on point!  I look forward to an amazing season!  Alice Lost In Wonderland is next!
Garden Theatre is an artistic and educational asset to the Witner Garden community.  What a magical place!
I love going to the small theater. It has been lovingly restored.
I love Winter Garden and I try to do all i can to support local businesses because I want to see them continue to grow and i feel like its just fitting that my 100th review is dedicated to one of the oldest and, in my opinion, coolest buildings in downtown Winter Garden.  My husband and I had date night for one of the summer movie series that are just $5 per ticket and we saw the Philadelphia Story starring Carey Grant, Katherine Hepburn, and Jimmy Stewart.  If you haven't seen the movie....trust me...see it!!!!!!  Anyways back to the theatre... everything is beautiful.  It has been very well maintained and remodeled with comfy seating and a cozy feel.  I can't wait to come check out some of the Christmas movies come December and they always have some sort of play or movie going on throughout the week so there is something for everyone at a really reasonable price.  There was a concession area with popcorn, candy, soda, and beer/wine but the day we went they had some issues with the credit card reader so bring cash just in case.  Most if not all of the workers are volunteers and you can tell they are passionate about making sure everyone has a good experience and are as friendly as can be.  Check this place out you will not be disappointed!
Pretty cool throwback theater- saw a play that was decent when it opened. Very nice addition to the town that complements what Winter Garden is all about.
We have seen several live shows here and have another on the schedule! Can't wait to go again this time taking more friends!!
I have been unsuccessfully trying to contact "any person" in the Garden Theatre in order to sign up my child for a summer camp. All my numerous attempts were within theater's business hours. The website registration has not been functional either. I left phone messages; there has not been a call back yet. It feels very frustrating spending this much time (four days) on such a simple task.  I can just assume how much business does the Theatre loose because of such cumbersome administration.  Please consider this review as an attempt to improve your business. Sincerely, Lenka Hustakova
