My husband and I just got married at Maitland's Mayan Chapel a couple weeks ago.  This venue is as gorgeous and unique as it gets!  Our pictures turned out amazing, our guests loved the ambiance and Brittany and the rest of the staff were wonderful!  Best of all-this just so happened to be the most affordable place we considered for our wedding.  Getting married at Maitland was definitely worth the trip all the way from Virginia!!!
What a cool way to spend a Friday night!  I invited a friend along to the first event for the fall in the Culture Pop! (formerly Culture & Cocktail) series which is held on the 2nd Friday of the month from 7p-11p.  It sounded like a cool little outing plus I was able to snag a great deal on Living Social for 3 events in the series for 2 people.   Both of us had never been to these museums and didn't realize what a treat we'd be in for. Once we checked in, we were each outfitted with a bracelet and a drink ticket and encouraged to explore the grounds. I wish I took down the names of the actual venues but here goes... The first one we checked out was the outdoor venue made of stone that was absolutely gorgeous. We kept commenting on how gorgeous it would be to have a wedding there.  There was a DJ in this venue and a little seating area to schmooze. They also had people reciting poetry every so often. Next Stop- Clotheslines with Art on display for purchase. I liked how open the area was and that people were free to mingle and schmooze while checking out the work of local artists.  And there was also a cool funky band playing in the background so, overall, it was a neat vibe. There was a mix of older and younger folks so I could see this being a good way to meet new people (ahemmm-note to my single friends)! We also made a point to check out the actual art gallery and the work that was on display. The gift shop is in the lobby/reception area. I didn't get a chance to take a look but the area is quite small so it can get cramped. We took some time to browse the art in the gallery. Some very detailed and intricate pieces. Again, I regret not jotting down the name of the artist whose work is on the walls. Definitely worth the time if you're in the area and looking for some time to kill. My favorite part of the event was the Community Art Project area where we were encouraged to draw on the walls of the building . The volunteers(who were fabulous and oh so friendly) provided the paints and brushes and we just had to let our imagination flow!  It was very freeing but at the same time you couldn't help but be intimidated especially when we saw REAL artists painting on the walls beside us!   The museum wanted to send the old interior off in style before renovations are done hence this project. While we here, we found out that they are always looking for volunteers and even host art classes if that is something you are interested in.   As a whole, I was very impressed by the museums and would love to check it out again in the daytime. It's tucked away on Packwood close to the lake so after a visit you can take a stroll near the lake. Perfect day date!
Had no idea any of this existed until the culture club.  Glad I took the time to drop by and have a look. The gallery was actually displaying a collection of local artists.  Although a small collection, I have to say there were some really intriguing pieces!   I especially liked the pelvis collage and the mesh relief. . . It was really nice to view such original and different pieces in such an intimate setting.  Jewelery, cards, magnets, and other gift items are available int he shop as well.
I enjoyed wandering the beautiful grounds of the Maitland Art Center.  The property is lush with plants and large oak trees.  The small pond with flowering lily pads is eye catching.  The architecture of the buildings has a Mayan influence and they are recognized by the state as a historic site. Though I did not go into the gallery I do think if you're in the area the grounds alone are worth a visit.  There are a few benches that allow you to sit and enjoy the lovely grounds. I did step into the gift shop.  It's a small area in the front of the gallery.  I enjoy museum gift shops for the unique items they sell.  They had gifts done by local artists; a nice touch. I look forward to going back and visit the museums.  There is a monthly Culture & Cocktails event that takes place the second Friday of the month from 6:00pm.-9:00pm.  This sounds like a fun way to explore what the Maitland Art & History Museums have to offer.
What a beautiful place this is -- I'm sorry that I've lived here for so long without visiting. The architecture of the center is unique in the real sense of the word. The gallery art is limited, but quite nice. They are currently featuring works from the founder, Andre Smith. (Word has it that he haunts the halls at times. The gallery floors were creaking but I  think it was I, not Andy.) But the real attraction is the place itself, especially the outdoor church across the street, with beautiful and imaginative stonework. I was there for nearly an hour, and not another soul was there the whole time; it was very peaceful and I got some great photos.
Awesome little art gallery with some cool live in studios they rent out to artists. Across from the gallery they have an oldschool celtic style out door church with amazing statues and stonework. The entire garden/church is enclosed by stone walls and the walk ways are brick with passages and quotes carved in. A great secret for the city of Jamlando.
Cute little museum. Not the biggest one, but still an interesting one. Had an interesting exhibit on horses that I very much enjoyed. Also Florida Opera theater had a great Production here in one of their halls that was fantastic. A great venue for almost anything you want to see. Very pretty garden courtyard inside as well.
The Maitland Art Center is a beautiful place.  It's so quiet and peaceful.  It had many great art pieces and amazing architecture.  It is a great place to relax and learn about some great artists.
It's beautiful. Wander freely around this former art commune from the 1920's/30's and you'll find amazing Mayan and Christian influenced carvings, a fountain, two museums and they still have an Artist in Residence! You won't be dissapointed.
The Art and History Museums of Maitland is a wonderful and whimsical location nonparallel to any location in the Central Florida area. Just visiting the location inspired me to want to get married there. The rental manager, Lauren, was extremely pleasant and helpful when making plans. The rental rates were excellent! I can't wait to spend my special day there and to visit often!
The Maitland Art Center and Museum is a beautiful venue, you can buy some of the artist wares in the Gift Shop. Beautiful Art Gallery and they host some top notch art events. I attended an event with artist Andrew Spears.
If there were 6 star options I'd give it these guys! This review is waaaay overdue but here goes! We had our wedding here on April 7- beautiful weather thank goodness.  Lauren and company bent over backwards accommodating us in every way.  They cleaned the entire space, were always available to answer questions, and were just so nice the entire process.  For the price you cannot beat the beauty of this location/and attention you receive from Lauren etc.  We had 4 Rivers cater the event and had an open bar company that Lauren had suggested.  What a fabulous- day- our ceremony was in the garden then we moved next door to the mayan courtyard space for a bit of dancing.  Closing time here is a bit early I suppose at 10:30- but we started at 3 so it was a nice long day full of wonderful memories.  Thank you Lauren for such a wonderful experience.  We really had a blast! Austin and Suzi
I was contacted by Gretchen from the Maitland Art & History Museums more than a year after my wedding (as evidenced below my original review). She also sent me a private message directly and tried to bribe me to take the review down in exchange for membership to the Maitland Art & History Museums and Bok Tower. I told her that I would not take my previous review down because it is an accurate telling of my experiences, but that if they would refund the rental amount I would update my review to state that they have since refunded my rental fee and have stated that they have made changes at the wedding chapel. (We have since moved out of the state and I cannot verify if any changes have been made.) I still believe that the entire rental fee should have been refunded after everything went so wrong on what should have been a very special day. However, once again the ball was dropped and I never even received a follow up response from Gretchen. If refunding the rental fee was not an option a response would have been appreciated and courteous. As far as I am concerned this is ANOTHER failure by the Maitland Art & History Museum. Being offered a bribe to take down my review was insulting, and the lack of response when I tried to offer what I believe is fair under the circumstances is unprofessional.
My daughter was having a small intimate wedding and wanted a different sort of venue.  We rented the Mayan Chapel and the adjoining area for the reception and had absolutely no problems-bride's room open and clean, leaves blown away, everything ready to go.  Every attendee loved this venue-just enchanted by the surroundings and the carvings, the natural beauty of the trees hung with moss, and the elegant but informal feeling.  They all said it was the most gorgeous setting for a wedding they had ever seen.  There was a sign outside the venue on the day notifying others that it was rented for a private event, but I don't know if that was my caterer's doing or the Art center's.  All I know it could not have gone better, the setting is unbelievable, and I would highly recommend it for anyone who is having a small affair.
