The Regional Transportation Center is a hub for several city lines within Syracuse, Megabus, Greyhound, and Amtrak train lines. Depending on the time you head over there it can be really packed or practically empty. There's a Dunkin Donuts, Subway, and Syracuse souvenir shop available for you to grab a snack. They also have a vending machine full of snacks and a couple of ATM machines for local banks, I believe. If you have time to kill while you're waiting for a bus or train then I'd recommend you take the bus to Carousel Mall for $1. There is plenty more to do & see at the mall than the RTC. Other than that it can be a bit depressing to spend hours on end there waiting for the next bus or train to arrive.
Eeek.  The regional transportation center is depressing.  I remember having to come here regularly when I attended to Oswego to catch Amtrak or take a cab to the airport to get to and from Long Island.  Not a place you want to be late at night or stranded alone.  I am actually getting the chills just reminiscing.  So, the Amtrak area is uncomfortable and very far away from the Dunkin Donuts and Subway.  If you are cutting it close to catch a train you really don't have time to walk over to the food area to grab a bite because you could very well miss your train without even knowing it.  There are a few vending machines in addition to these two food options and a small gift shop as well.  The bathrooms are not great, although I will say that I always see someone in and out cleaning.   The area by the Greyhound buses is dirty and again, like the Amtrak section, uncomfortable.  They need to get new seats.  The cabs cost a fortune to get from here to Oswego campus so make sure you plan ahead and catch a ride from a friend instead.  As I mentioned earlier, you really don't want to be here alone. It gets kind of well, creepy here at night.
This place is awful. I caught an Amtrak train for Boston here (an experiment, really, as I had previously caught the same train in Albany - but Syracuse is actually closer to where I live), and this place ranks right up there as being one of the most depressing buildings I've been in. I was on my way to sit in the waiting area for the Amtrak, and, just as I sat down, I literally saw a woman walk into the very back corner of the train section of the center (tucked away behind the sealed off ticket area) and vomit. She VOMITED. Then she LEFT IT THERE. All of us in the waiting area were so grossed out...and this woman just walked away like it was totally normal to go into the corner and vomit...and the staff member that seemed to notice that she had been sick didn't do anything, just looked away and kept walking. About 10 minutes later, someone finally came out to clean up the mess...but needless to say, I was thoroughly grossed out by that time. The place was dingy to begin with (and, not only was my my train was late, but when I originally arrived at the RTC and asked for information on the train? The staff there was just NOT helpful in the slightest), but that just ensured I would never be returning to this station/center. TL;DR   Never again. Ever.
Possibly the most depressing location on Earth (non warzone/favela/North Korea category).  If you're into fright/adventure tourism, this is much worse than the Greyhound Bus Terminal in Midtown Manhattan. It may have influenced my rating that I spent nearly four hours here in a florescent haze.  But I'm pretty firmly convinced that the William F. Walsh Regional Transportation Center is a horrible way to advertise the appealing possibilities of car-free or multimodal transportation.   Maybe this dump was financed by Chevrolet.  Or Sunoco.
The RTC is served by several Amtrak lines as well as long-distance bus services like Greyhound and Megabus.  Several regional/city bus lines offer access to numerous areas throughout CNY, including Carousel Mall(two blocks over), Syracuse University, Suny Oswego, Suny OCC, Downtown Syracuse (connections to several dozen other bus routes) and surrounding towns and cities.   Taxi's are readily available at all hours of the day in front of the main entrance. Long term parking (2 weeks or less) is $10, or free if the main lot is full.  The RTC is also conveniently located next to Interstate 81. Located next door is a diner, the CNY farmers market and the Chief's Baseball stadium. It's not the most stunning display of architecture or urban vitality, but there's a corner store, dunkin' donuts and subway to hold you over.
They certainly don't offer the number of places to pass the time as you might find at Penn Station, and it's not as aesthetically pleasing as Grand Central, but overall it's not bad. There's a Dunkin' Donuts, a Subway, and a weird little gift shop where you can pick up a do-rag. They could certainly do with more seating, but whatever. It's Syracuse, it's not exactly the travel capital of the world, what do you expect?
Pretty neat complex for a small city. Amtrak, Greyhound and Trailways all in one centre. Certainly not Penn, but a damn lot better than other cities. Has two food outlets - Subway, Dunkin Donuts, and a touristy shop with sodas, candy books etc. Numerous vending machines.  Anything more would not be economically viable. Clean facility, numerous TV monitors and comfortable for the amount of time you would spend here.
Adequate amenities for a little pit stop enroute from Canada to NYC... Clean restrooms, vending machines, ATM (M&T), electric outlets, arrival/departure screens,  a convenience/souvenir store, a Subway and a Dunkin' Donuts too... (the latter 2 are open all night, if not, pretty early it seems) At least you have decent food options. It is a college-town after all. Its seemingly a well kept facility, unlike Albany's (a college-town, not to mention the state capital) main bus depot which is a sh*thole. Syracuse raised the bar for bus/Amtrak depots
A small bus station in Syracuse.  It's pretty organized compared to the bigger city stations.  The only complaint is the employees are very very slow.  I don't know if its an Upstate NY thing, but people are a little too laid back and slow.  The bus could be leaving in 5-10 minutes and the one and only person working will be moving at a snails pace.  Try to buy your ticket online, if possible.
Amtrak & Greyhound lines. Subway & Dunkin Donuts open 24 hours. Far better than Buffalo's bus/train station options.
