Holy crafts! I'm used to a Michael's set up, so when I walked in, my brain just exploded glitter and ribbons everywhere. I'd like to consider myself a little artsy-fartsy, and if I have an image of what I'd like to create in my head, my method is to find that one piece that will bring the project together, and accessorize from there. I'll stalk the aisles, find it, then remember other things that would fit, then go back. Needless to say this store is so amazingly huge, this method did not work well for my first trip in. But, that doesn't mean I can't appreciate it for what it is, and all they have to offer. Prices are very reasonable, maybe even a little better than my normal craft shops. Hobby Lobby Round 2 is planned, so now I know the layout and selection, (fingers crossed) I'll be more successful this next trip. Wish me luck, and if I don't emerge from my check in within a few hours, send help!
Lots of Christmas clearance items. Come support a Christian owned store. This store is way better than JoAnn or Michaels.  It has crafts, fabric, framing, art supplies and lots of unique furniture items, wall art, kitchen items and beuatiful home decor.  It's like a craft store and Pier One Imports combined.
So yeah, place is huge. It also very nearly triggered my fight or flight instinct due to a pet peeve of mine: it's July and there's already at least 600 square feet of the store dedicated to Christmas. There's a Christmas tree in the lobby of the store decorated with Thanksgiving swag, as well, if you're into holiday fusion. I fought the urge to make a snap judgement based on that, though, and dove in. At some point it occurred to me that I needed a divining rod to find a divining rod (I was in search of one item and one item only in this madhouse, a 3' dowel) and I became that crazy lady laughing to herself in the aisles of a craft store -- I'm sure the staff expected me to have a twitch, and a purse full of cats. Speaking of staff, it's a little easier to find them in here than it is in some of the other craft stores in town, where I can walk around like a bewildered idiot for 20 minutes and not see a soul. Anyhow... there's a whole lot of everything up in here. Like Julianne E. said, it's a cross between Joann's, Michaels and Kirklands, with a lot of real estate. There is a nicely-sized fabric selection, which I need to peruse further. And when I finally found my dowel it was reasonably priced at 99 cents (woohoo)! However, had I thought to Google it, I would have found that they have a mobile website that seems to always have a "show and save" coupon for 40% off one regularly priced item. 40 cents down the drain, boo. At least now I know it's there for any return visit where I make a larger purchase ;)
This place is the best arts and crafts store in the area!  It is always super organized, the employees are nice, and they have so much stuff!   They carry accent furniture (shelves, fancy desks, wine racks), art, and of course art supplies, craft supplies, scrapbooking, wedding stuff, party stuff, fabric and knitting supplies.  Also their framing department is fantastic. Their prices seem much lower than neighboring Joanns, and they have a much larger selection of products.  Also, don't forget to go to their website and either print their weekly coupon, or show them your cellphone with the site open at check out. Only down-side is that this place is closed on Sundays!
Wow!!!! I agree with Rayni, Jo-Ann Fabrics or Michael's watch out! This is like the arts and crafts and home decor Old Time Pottery really wishes they were. Don't get me wrong, I love me some OTP but my first stop at Hobby Lobby yesterday blew me out of the water. I am not sure what I was expecting but wow was I overwhelmed, in a GREAT way when I walked in here. So much to take in, if you don't have a list, you are bound to - get lost - spend too much money - get things you never needed - buy gifts for people months ahead of time - lose track of time I needed ribbons, lots of them and boy did I hit the jackpot, all ribbon was 50% off, SCORE! Everything was so organized, it was a true pleasure to shop here. The staff, eh, not so much but I didn't need any assistance so I just dealt with it. This is my new stop to get paint, baskets, home decor, art supplies, frames, frames, etc.etc.etc. Can't wait to go back!!
Wow, this place is huge. When I walked in I could not believe how much stuff was in this place, and they I remembered the space used to be a Circuit City with a catalog pick up center on the side. It's HUGE.   The first front 1/3 of the store is home decor/seasonal decorations. Lots of fun stuff for Halloween and fall, so I was occupied awhile. Reminds me of the type of merchandise you see at Old Time Pottery and Kirklands. The remaining 2/3 of the store is a good selection of typical crafter stuff that you see at Jo-ann's and Michael's. Got some great deals, better sales for comparable items to the other craft stores. I'll be back. One odd thing, they close at 8pm on weeknights. Most/all retail in this shopping center closes at 9PM, so FYI if you are planning on hitting this space close to that time.
This place has some GREAT crap. You know the stuff I mean. Wall filler, fake plants, decorative bottles and boxes, etc.. They have a really good selection of crafts and quite a few things that are getting harder to find, like dollhouse miniatures. I got lost in here for at least a good hour and ended up with way more stuff than I needed. It was easy to do, but good news, the prices are good so I didn't break the bank. Sweet. This place is pretty great for people like me who buy junk and say "man I know I can make something cool out of this... someday" then end up with a garage full of pipecleaners, beads, craft glue and feathers.
You could spend hours in the store and find something new every time. Store employee Marty was amazing, very helpful and really knew his way around. Be careful if you are using a coupon they only let you use one and the sale display areas can be confusing as to what is included. Will be going back soon!
This place i enormous.  Went inside for the first time, and immediately thought to myself "this is how Jo-Ann Fabrics and Michael's should be."  Everything seemed very organized, and the selection was truly fantastic.  My wife and I wanted to just stop in for a few minutes, ended up there for an hour, and that was only because they were closing.  I'll be sure to get on the email list for coupons.  The overall cleanliness of the store, the vast selection, and the friendliness of the employees will keep me coming back here whenever I am in the area.  The seasonal area is incredible, although it seemed a bit early for Christmas in August.  Now I just need them to open up one of these awesome stores in Apopka.
Hobby Lobby is now my go-to place if I need anything related to crafts or decor - much better than any Jo-Ann Fabrics or Michael's in the Orlando area. They have a wider variety, with very competitive prices (often times cheaper) and so far, my dealings with their employees have been positive. I hope this place sticks around for long and that more and more will invade Central Florida.
Love this place!  I was so overwhelmed the first time going in!  I was there to buy items to put on tennis shoes for the Orlando Magic gala for their tennies contest they have every year.  I had no idea what I was looking for or what I was going to put on these shoes. I remember walking around aimlessly until I figured I'd ask an employee for help!  I was so vague and just told him what I was there for and he was such a great help!  He spent almost half an hour with me going around the store in search for the right fabric paint colors, jewels, basketball items, etc. and found me everything I needed!  So the customer service is great and the store has everything imaginable. You do however always end up spending more money than you wanted to, buying things you weren't there to get, and spending way more time than anticipated in the store!  It can get you into trouble if you're not careful!   I'll take Hobby Lobby over Michaels or JoAnns any day!
This place is a cross between Joann's, Michael's and Kirklands.   At least that is my impression.   They do have a huge selection of crafts, scrapping, fabric and tons of home decor.  If you sign up for their e-mail there will always be a 40% off coupon available.   I'm into baking cakes, they have a better selection of useful products than Joann's and Michael's.  My first favorite is still D&G Occasions for cake supplies.   I'll definitely hit this place up more often.   They are not open on Sundays.  :-(
I went here looking for ball chain for some necklaces I created and came out with a lot more than that. Great selection of findings for jewelry making. Selection of beads isn't that large but worth a look. The home decor section takes up the most space. Fabric selection decent. This isn't a one stop shop for a crafter. They do have things other craft stores are lacking so they earn there 4 stars. Check it out and judge for yourself.
I love Hobby Lobby! So glad when they opened in Orlando last year. Much more expanded selection that Jo-Ann's or Michael's. The framing dept. is much more reasonable that the competition. They have a huge selection of home decor. I did take off a star for two things: 1. Their scrapbook and rubber stamp selection is dated. Would love to see some updated inventory. 2. The old fashioned register's make for long line wait times. Management will tell you some story about having too many products to have a computerized/upc system, but I don't buy it. Target seems to do just fine. Spend the money and bump the system from 1950 to 2011.
Expensive, you get shocked on what they charge for things. They are a lot like Joannes and michaels. Hobby lobby I think is bigger and has more stuff. I would suggest going to their website and downloading the 40% coupon. That is an example of the price inflation here. Like bed bath and beyond they have these huge discount coupons. So when you pay full price you will get mugged. So be prepared to bring a coupon if you are to purchase an item from here.
Love this store! They have everything you could possibly need for crafting and more. I could spend hours looking at every item. Make sure you download their app and you can get a 40% coupon every time you shop!
I don't know how i feel about this place, lol. It's huge, but kinda all over the place. +++ +They have a hugee Christmas collection +Good supply of painting supplies +If you are looking for themed nic-nacs this place probably has it. They have a large selection of Western-themed, African-safari-themed, beach-themed, ballerina-themed, baby-themed, and those little antique-inspired signs (old gas station signs, ect) and signs with quotes of all different themes. --- -It's kinda disorganized, like-don't plan in there to get a few things, it's not like an in and out shop, give yourself plenty of time. -some things seem kind of updated,  like they haven't updated their scrapbooking section or ribbons since 1995. I went there and didn't buy anything, but if I go there again it probably won't be for scrapbooking or ribbons, but for Christmas decorations or Christmas gifts-those signs with the quotes are very cute!
I like to think I'm a pretty tolerant person but when I walk in and simply ask if they have any cinnamon brooms, I don't want to get stared at and given a crappy "we don't carry those, go to publix". I know that it's the holiday shopping season and stores are busy but, if a store, Manager or even an employee are truly concerned about customer service then they should check their attitudes at the door. I won't be going back there again. Most businesses know that it takes years to build a good reputation but only seconds to destroy one. My opinion won't even be read by most but, on the off chance that someone is reading this, just pay attention to what I have said.
basically if this store ever left, my life would practically end. im here every week! my entire house is basically hobby lobby! amazing customer experiences, i have a connection with the woman who is always by floral-- shes the best!!
What a great store.  This company is still family owned and operated, solid Christian principles.  Our family will support Hobby Lobby as long as they are around.  Oh yes, great store for framing, crafts and decorating.  Check it out, you'll like it.
I love this place! Tons of little knick knacks and wall art for home decor. We found a "floating frame" perfect for framing vintage comic book covers that no one else seemed to have. They were pretty affordable too! I love the outdoor garden decor section - there's just so much to browse through and lots of interesting gift ideas.
I live for hobby lobby. They have literally have everything you can think of to go in your house as decoration and I love the craft section. The prices are awesome as well, even during Christmas season all the ornaments, trees, and decorations are 50% off. Amazing. I will never stop coming here.
Everything under the sun for arts and crafts. The store is enormous. If you take someone there who is really into this stuff you could be stuck for hours.
Great selection! Home accents, crafts, fabric, flower and seasonal - this place has it all. Go to their website and sign up for their newsletter. You will receive instore deals and coupons.  They are not always the cheapest so check what is on sale - thats where they are competitive.
Hobby Lobby has it all and then some, and at such great prices. I just wish I live as close to it as I used to. They have the best deals on anything anywhere. The cake section rocks, as do all the sections. If you need anything from a paint brush to a new bench, Hobby Lobby has it and you wont be disappointed.
Pretty healthy selection of random stuff in here..  If you need a knickknack or a silly gift idea, you should go wander in.   They had a half off deal on wall hang stuff this week.  I bought a big goat (steer?) head with horns for 15 bucks.  I have no idea why.. but it looks pretty tuff on my wall. (see pic)
This is a nice and clean New store.  I have been here a couple times with my wife and I have to say that it is a pretty big place and they have a ton of interior decorator items.  It may not be your exact taste but they have a bunch of stuff and it is worth a look as it seems like they have a lot of items on sale...
Since a Hobby Lobby is coming to Lakeland, a friend and I decided to "scoop" it by stopping in this Orlando store.  We were disappointed.  It is huge, bigger than Michael's, as dirty as "Big Lots" and warehousey, along the lines of "Southern Hospitality".  Small beading section, large scrapbooking and fabric sections, lots of fake flowers, home decor.  Some good kid crafts.  Some prices were good, sales were 30-50% off.  Found things without prices and the floor managers "guessed" the prices for you.  The check-out line got 8 people long before help was called.  I'm betting I'll be sticking with Michael's.
I'm not big on knick-knack stores like this, but it was a cool store. The hispanic cashier chick with the glasses and the pink fingernails gave us an attitude when we wanted to use a coupon on a certain item. Other than that, I would have given it 5 stars. CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT.
LOVE hobby lobby, the staff is really nice and the prices are great!
