This Coffee Shop is a hidden gem. The owner Ash is absolutely incredible. The ambiance is so chill and eccentric. Immediately when you walk in you are surrounded by amazing art and unique furniture. You have the option of smoking hookah, many times there are amazing events on a Friday night which include belly dancing and musicians. The achilles sandwich is great so is the meatball sandwich. The hummus platter is divine as well. Let's not forget the nacho platter which is huge and tasty. Also the selections of wine and beers are amazing. My favorite beer is the Lucky Buddha. Also they have a great mixed drink called the Mexican Car crash. Any time I have brought someone to this establishment they fall in love with it immediately.
Still a great spot. Just annoying the smokers get to dominate the outside area. Wish all places could ban smoking within 25 feet like Starbucks. When smokers smoke at businesses it takes choice away from others--Not fair  :/
Even though this is in MetroWest, once you step in, you'll feel like you're at a cafe in NY. Really well put together. Chill ambiance and a friendly crowd. Everyone I've brought here loves it! Great for lunch or art, alcohol, caffeine and snacks. Let me know if you're too afraid to check it out by yourself ;)
Just stopped by for the first time and very impressed with the atmosphere and the product. I only ordered a caramel macchiato to go but, it was great. Many more options for those who might have some allergies or intolerances (IE: coconut, soy, almonds mills). I will definitely be going back to try the food.
The best chai latte in USA. Yes I can say this since I tried over 20 spots in 6 srates. If you in town please spend time to visit. You won't regret it.
Seems like I've been hitting home-runs lately. Can you say A-M-A-Z-I-N-G?! I was pleasantly surprised at how much I felt at home in this place. I've been in Orlando for a little over a year now and am now discovering this gem. If you're familiar with Urban Grind in Atlanta, it reminds me of that vibe and feel. Thanks to Rhea P. for saying we should meet here. It was the best place for a first time meet up. We laughed, and ate, and enjoyed each others company. The food, and atmosphere  were a delicious addition to the time we spent together. Speaking of food, the menu offers a variety of breakfast and lunch foods. Sort of like comfort foods you would serve your friends when they come over for a bite to eat. I sunk my teeth into a delicious egg and cheese croissant. And if you're in to tea, coffee (hot or cold) they've got you covered. I took my time sipping on some french vanilla tea sweetened with a touch of raw sugar. My tummy was pleased. (They only thing I wished they offered is a choice of egg whites as an option to having eggs. It's my preference, but it didn't stop me from enjoying my meal.) I can't wait to visit in the evening with friends, good conversations, over a glass of wine. Perfection. I'm supposing with the variety of wines they have I won't be disappointed as my love for wines have grown over the past few years. Price wise, they are reasonable. Not expensive at all. And my dish seriously tasted like something straight out of my own kitchen with seasoning to boot. I love be able to taste my food without having to add additional salt or pepper.
$20 for hookah with Starbuzz (a premium brand) tobacco? Count me in! The hookah smoked well for a good hour and a half which is pretty impressive. They had board games and the music was at the perfect volume. The drinks were cheap and tasty. I especially enjoyed this one drink with coconut and coffee liquor, but the name completely escapes me. :( Literally the only negative thing I can think of about this place is that you can't smoke the hookah indoors. I'm wouldn't mind on a breezy winter night but unfortunately, most days we are living on the surface of the sun. Pleasant atmosphere, friendly staff, competitive pricing. This is my new favorite lounge! I just wish it was in my home town. I will definitely be coming back every time I take a trip to Orlando.
Swooned by the fabulous ambiance and music while working on a Tasty Chomps project! It'd be perfect if I could've stayed longer to explore and such, but I had to get to my next job (babysitting)!
This place is absolutely amazing! It has such an awesome atmosphere. It's so relaxing and the comfy chairs and couches are awesome too! The food is great, and their large caramel macchiato was HUGE! No more expensive than Starbucks and worth every penny. The hummus platter is so good! The staff is always nice and welcoming, and it's just a great place to spend a few hours whether to get out of the house, study, or meet up with friends.
I was in Orlando on a business trip and needed a quite place to get some work done for several hours.  I had gone to a Panera Bread the day before and saw several thousand (not an exaggeration) people come through the establishment and make tons on noise.  I decided to look for another place the next day and stumbled upon this place which was 15-20 minute drive away, but I decided to give it a go.  I walked in and the owner was just opening up and invited me in, I ordered a chocolate chai which was delicious and sat down to work.  Free wifi, he said stay as long as you'd like.  They have TV's and peaceful music in the background and comfy couches to plop down on and work.  Super nice owner and the coziest, most unique, most inviting coffee shop i have ever seen.  The bathroom needed a little cleaning, but no big deal.  Loved this place to kill a few hours working or studying!
This place is amazing! Everyone needs to see it! Wine and great food are also here and local!
Met a friend to chat about business, fell in love with this place. Love the arts, love the coffee, especially love the chicken on pita! My friend had hummus platter, it's delicious and huge! The owner's very friendly.  During lunch time, it gets packed with locals, the owner was all by himself, it takes some wait time, since he has to make coffee and lunch, but he didn't rush my order he even made an effort to come to my table and made some suggestion on my order before he makes it.  he made great recommendation on my dish, and it turn out fantastic! The outside does smell cigarets, make sure you sit inside if it bothers you.
I dropped in here earlier this week to meet up with a couple of guys and to chat business.  The first thing I noticed was when I pulled up at 9:45 am, it was closed.  That's right, it doesn't open until 10 am.  A coffee shop not open until 10?  A bit perplexing to me. I like the vibe of the place, but we didn't find the set up to be very conducive to getting work done.  The couches weren't very comfortable and the music was a little loud. I had the cafe mocha.  It was sweet, very sweet.  I like sweet, but i think it crossed over into the overly sweet territory. I would definitely give this place another try, but it would have to be for more of a social session than any type of productivity.
Great atmosphere and amazing sandwiches!  Super comfortable, lots of choices.  Not the quietest place.
What a wonderful place! We went down there, because we met a really cool person at the Lake Eola Farmer's Market who was raving about it. We just loved it. Hung out there all day, and had a blast. Great atmosphere. The owner, when I said how great we had heard it was, said, "all lies... all lies"... Very good sense of humor.
The atmosphere in this place is so relaxing you don't want to leave once your here. It has a very creative, artistic feel to it. The Achilles and pineapple sandwich are to die for. Have not yet tried their signature coffee but plan to very soon. I highly recommend this place.
I don't know why I haven't reviewed this place yet, I've been here so many times! Here's the thing, Im lactose intolerant, so I REALLY appreciate places that can accommodate that. I'm also a coffee snob (I grew up in Italy). It's hit or miss for me, here. HIT : -This place has got it under control with the coffee, there are tons of options, tons of flavors, and the coffee really is good. -They have an awesome vibe, you can relax, play board games, study, work, read a book, take a nap, watch a movie, eat some lunch, the options are endless. -I love their furniture, it's very comfortable. -They have a charging station for your electronic devices. -They have a nice outside garden area -It's on the west side of town (Plus for me because that's where I live) MISS: -Although they do offer sweetened soy milk, which I opt for, that's the end of the dairy alternatives. This day in age, things like almond milk and rice milk are very chic, and truth be told, soy milk is kind of stepping aside for almond milk to take the stage in the dairy alternative world. Even Starbucks is really lagging here. Plus, The drinks are already sweet, adding sweet milk, too makes in unbearable for me. -The door stays wide open, even when it is freezing outside, not comfortable -The hookah, now this could be a hit for some people, but since the door stays open, the hookah comes in, and that really does bother me, I can't enjoy myself when hookah smoke is surrounding me - THIS IS A BIG ONE: every time I order a drink with soy milk, I watch it get made, I don't oder it to be cool, or to be difficult, I order it because I'm allergic to milk. One time I ordered soy, and they gave me regular milk. But every time I order soy, they steam my soy milk in the same container as the regular milk, without even rinsing the milk pitcher or wiping the steam wand!!! That is bad practice! In short, they do have some things to work on, but I do like this place.
I have been here twice. I don't know if the owner had a bad day but he really wasnt friendly. We almost felt as if we annoyed him because we were going to eat and he was hoping to close 1.5 hours early.
I used to live right around the corner from here years ago, I am sad this place wasn't around then, I would have walked here every week. Now, the outside it's a little deceptive when you are just driving by as the sign outside just says "Coffee Shop" when it really is so much more. It's a coffee, sandwich and wine bar all in one. AND it houses local art and just has so much character! Walking up the outside is so welcoming with all the live plants and outdoor seating. You walk in and the ambiance is overwhelming in such a warm and welcoming way. I thought to myself, yes, I want this to be my porch at my house. Bright, eclectic and esthetically appealing. I was drawn to one of the couches in the middle of the shop and just kick backed, put my feet up and fired up my computer. This is a place I could spend hours in and would love to, if it was closer to my stomping grounds but, so good that I actually might venture out here to work once or twice a month. I can't review the coffee as I just had a tea. They have a wide variety of drinks and some snacks and sandwiched to nosh on. Their wine on display also looks very impressive. The reason I am not giving it 5 stars is the service. I walked in and judge judy was on the overhead and TV. The only person working was a desk way in the back of the store and it took him a few minutes to come out. He changed the overhead to music which was an interesting variety to say the least but I had my headphones on. I was there in the later afternoon so not much foot traffic which was nice and non-disruptive. I def say try this place out and you will say to yourself... what, this place totally blew me away, I was not expecting this!
The one place I think most people overlook that really makes a neighborhood feel like home is an independent coffee shop. MetroWesters we're in luck. Achilles Art and Cafe Coffee Shop (whew that's a mouthful) has been open for a year but I only ventured in a couple of months ago and it did not disappoint. Achilles offers larger than normal portions of coffee and tea at reasonable prices. My tasty small caramel macchiato to stay was served in a two cup coffee mug presented on a tray that would make the Central Perk jealous. Achilles even offers up a section of beer and wine and the owner is always behind the counter to answer any questions you may have. With plenty of seats, books, games, TVs, baked goods, salads, wraps and free wifi it's easy to waste an afternoon people watching here. Whether it be VCC students or local business men and women. If you're as lucky as I was the amateur balloon animal makers will be in again.   achillesartcafe.com
A gem! This is one of those places you either get lucky and happen upon or a good friend tells you about. But unless you are driving through the corporate area of Metrowest, you'd never find it! From the street the only thing you see is a giant sign that reads "Coffee Shop." Two words that do not accurately describe what Achilles Art Café has to offer. When you walk in, it's an immediate sensory overload (in the best way). The walls are covered from top to bottom with local art - pieces are even inserted into the ceiling in place of ceiling tiles!  There are an array of comfy couches and dining tables, all different sizes and shapes. There are also shelves stocked with wine and coolers with beer, since they are open evenings until 12:30am. It's beautiful and very comfortable feeling inside (not pretentious like some local coffee shops), with its modern/bohemian style. The food does not disappoint either! Made by the only employee (also the owner), the menu features the Achilles sandwich and a sandwich of the week. Both are always unlike any sandwiches offered around town (that I have had) and definitely taste better. From pesto and honey mustard to pineapple and feta cheese, the sandwiches are gourmet without the price. While we were there, the owner was talking us for a bit about his amazing sandwiches (seriously, I am not exaggerating). He explained that where he is from, sandwiches are not very common, but when he opened his café he wanted to offer people something to eat if they were hungry. So he made-up a couple sandwiches, never thinking they would get much play. Boy was he wrong! He said on some days, he serves more sandwiches then he does coffee, tea, wine, or beer combined! I am not surprised. I have been back twice now for his food and plan to go back even more. In the evenings he offers beer, wine, and sheesha (flavored tobacco smoked out of hookas). It's a great place to go for lunch or to spend an afternoon/evening with friends!
When did an art café snuck onto the scene right under my nose in Metro West? This is the best kept secret in town. Tucked in a plaza off of Kirkman Rd and Metrowest Blvd.....no, can't tell you more. It is too cool. I don't want to share. The front is like a little garden, with ample plants for shade and privacy. There are a handful of tables with umbrellas and chairs, really cool. Enter the art den. Whoa! It is a huge open space with cool art adorning the walls and, get this, the ceiling. There are plush sofas and chairs scattered around for group or communal seating. Single high backs line the bar. A couple of single corners sprinkle around. A very eclectic menu of sandwiches, pastries, smoothies, coffee drinks, beer, and wine makes this place a pleaser for everyone. There definitely is something for everyone. All or most of the wines are by glass or bottle. The smoothies are a build it your own sort of way. There are daily and weekly specials of sandwiches and salads. The unique sangria is made in house with fresh fruits. Be fore warned this stuff creeps up and packs a mighty punch. Service here is by the owner. He is cordial and amicable. A very calm, cool, relaxed man, who really takes time and shows pride in his work. He really lets people just graze around the café and wander among the wonderful art. Cigars and hookahs are available also. The vibe is relaxed and service is very hospitable. It is amazing that this place is not overflowing or maybe I went at a slow time. Oh, there is free Wi-Fi! I am afraid this place may not stay below the radar for too long. Until then, enjoy.
I've been here twice now and really enjoy it. Full service coffee shop with decent food selection, hookah, beer and wine. Lots of cool box and games as well as free wifi.
This place has character! Go here for a change of pace not a quick bite or drink. It's a place to lounge. Love Archille he really brings charm to the cafe. Food is pretty rich so be prepared for that.
To find a place like this in Orlando is like water in the desert.  It's warm. It's cozy.  It's like a big lounge/coffee house with food, wine, beer. It's got character.  I've had breakfast and lunch there. Even enjoyed a margarita.  Two large televisions, but they aren't loud - they used for free movie nights. On the weekend I even saw a few people playing tennis since he has Wii.   The owner, Achilles, affectionately known as Ash, part Greek and part German, (what a great combination) takes pride in everything. From the decor to the food he prepares.  And he is meticulous - a clean freak. I prefer going during the week, when owner is there. Great place to meet a client or business/networking meetings since there is free wi-fi and large table that can serve as a conference table. Place is also good for date night.  Can't forget to mention the cozy outdoor seating. You've got to visit this place.  My only wish is that is were closer to my house.  No more Starbucks or Panera for me. This is it.
Truly is a hidden gem! Nestled in metrowest but still a bit hidden, it's a great place to go relax and have a stress free night! Hookah is made proper and he has an extensive array of flavors. Wonderful wine selection with great prices to boot! Ample seating and comfortable as well. Not sure why anyone would want to go to starbucks when for less money you will get an amazingly blended coffee. You can easily spend hours here and not have to leave for anything. Wonderful selection of teas, coffees, sandwiches, sweets, wine... Everything! Music is always amazing. Definitely a place to have a chill girls night or even a great first date. My boyfriend and I love to go and unwind here! Nothing bad can be said!
This place is a keeper in every way. It takes "coffee shop" to a new level, especially for Orlando. Upon entering, you're transported to an unexpected zone. Order whatever you want: a pot of French press, sandwich, hookah, or bottle of wine then sit down and relax: perhaps check out the thoughtful yet random collection of books, watch TV, or perhaps play Wii... There's also a unique assortment of original artwork, especially above where oil paintings are hung as ceiling panels. The owner seems to run the shop everyday. He's adorable and passionate about his food and shop. It's definitely a neighborhood gem.
unique, cozy and friendly, attentive service. the ambience is great, the food and coffee are both delicious and they also play some really cool older music, everything I like. didn't have a beer on this occasion, but will definitely be back. Starbucks, who?
Thanks to Yelp, I found out about this little gem, located seconds from my office. I am always looking for new, good, quick places to slip away from work to grab a bite and unwind during my lunch break. Well, this is the PERFECT place! As soon as I walked past the quant little patio (with just the right amount of plants to make you feel like you entered a tranquil garden) and through the doors, I was immediately swept away. I completely forgot that I was standing in a strip mall in the middle of Metro West! The interior was dark (but not too dark!) and I was glistening with local art, beer coolers, espresso machines, and mismatched furniture. The smell of pastries, coffee, and hookah was intoxicating as I melted into the fluffy oversized couch and began to contemplate my order. The owner made a suggestion for a chicken sandwich (not on the menu) and I went with that. Soon after, I realized the music was an interesting mix of Lady Gaga, Balliwood, chill tunes and club beats. In my opinion this = amazing! The food was great and the service was exceptional! The owner, who appears to be the only person that works there, really pours his soul into his products and it showed! I'd also like to drop in before work and grab some coffee and try their wine tastings on Friday nights! This new find has so much to offer at any time of day and it's just my style, artsy fartsy - but comfy like your favorite jeans :) ! LOVE IT!
Behind an unassuming storefront is a colorful, comfortable coffee shop with lots of space and treats to choose from. A "take-one leave-one" book exchange adds to the community hang-out feel. I wish I lived closer. Also, they have hookahs! Hookahs, tasty coffee, sweet snacks, sandwiches, beer, wine...I could spend quite a bit of time chilling out in there. I'll be back for sure.
Coffee chains have nothing in this place. The workers are awesome, great food and nice selection of drinks!
Gem of a place hidden away.
Cozy atmosphere, great drinks and service, nice and quiet! My new favorite place to chill.
The word unique comes to mind.... Achilles is a coffee, food, wine, and art shop and seems to be solid in all those categories.  Unfortunately, I just haven't been blown away by the coffee itself and the service, while friendly,  has been fairly slow in each of my visits.   I would stop by again if in the MetroWest area, but not if I was in a hurry.
This place was great.  Totally one of a kind.  Great alternative to the normal boring chains.  The drinks were great, but the music, decor, furniture and mood were second to none.  Came in wanting to just grab a drink to go, ended up captivated and hung out for 30 minutes.  We didn't want to leave!
Favorite coffee shop in Orlando! Fantastic art decor, great atmosphere, delicious sandwhiches, a great variety of drinks - coffee, teas, beer, wine. and more. Occassional Movie nights on Friday/Saturday.  Excellent location for book club meetings, as well as getting work done. Great spot in Metro West!!
A home away from home. A nice place to study, relax, or even play a board game. The service is friendly and the food is authentic. This place is a hidden treasure.
This has to be one if the most electic coffee shops I've ever seen in my life. The atmosphere was so inviting and the service was impeccable. I could tell that the people who frequented this location on this particular Saturday were regulars and it was easy to see why. Trust what all the other reviewers say about the options available for patrons. I mean it really is just like a big ol' living room. They even played the movie "Ted" for goodness sakes! What?! I couldn't even understand the logic behind that decision, but it all made sense! Of course I couldn't get much studying done after "Ted" started playing, but prior to that the environment definitely lended itself to my studying needs, a romantic outting for the couple sitting in the corner, a relaxing environment for chick lounged out on the sofa browsing the net and chatting on her phone, the older gentlemen enjoying lunch and reading the paper, and even the struggling college students enjoying a beverage on the patio/ sidewalk.   If you haven't been to Achilles yet, don't go! You might love it and then I'll have to hate you for crowding one of my new favorite chill spots! You wouldn't want that would you? :-)
Cool place for coffee and croissant. Quiet and eclectic. When you want to get away from the crowds..
Great coffee and the best atmosphere for a coffee shop/hookah bar..
Was in Orlando on business and needed a place to meet with colleagues. This is away from the noise of the conference center and a more laid back environment.  This unique place was comfortable and you can settle in without feeling rushed.  We enjoyed good Cappuccino and coffee and we ultimately ordered food:  a chicken on pita and a hummus platter.  They were delicious.  Owner very friendly.  I would recommend and will visit with my grown children and wife when we travel back to visit Universal in the future.  It's not far from Universal Studios, but far enough away to escape the touristas...
This place is amazing. It is different and has great ambiance. If you just want to chill out and have a great time come here.
I haven't actually tried the coffee at Achilles because they've only been open for a month.  I did speak to the owner today and he was extremely helpful in answering all of my questions.  I wish them the best success and I'll update my review next week after I try the coffee.
Here we are in Orlando, Florida, spending the Christmas holidays with my sister, her partner and their 6 year old son. So, obviously, Disney, Disney, Disney. Although it's fun watching the little guy have a blast, I miss my Toronto routine. Local, indie businesses are what make my heart happy. So I am deeply thrilled to be here, relaxing on a comfy couch, surrounded by an eclectic collection of books, magazines, furnishings and art, sipping a very tasty latte. This sweet spot is full of personality and the offerings are plentiful. And oh, gotta go... my second soy latte is up!
Achilles coffee shop.. what can i say.. it makes every other coffee shop look like a wendys in the ghetto. This place is AMAZING, the sandwiches are to die for and also the selection of beers. I am self-employed and literally come in EVERY SINGLE DAY and work from there. love movie days on saturdays, wine tastings. Ash i a fantastic guy and is very helpful and great at what he does. if you go to starbucks or anywhere else you have to be crazy definately try this coffee shop you will LOVE IT!
This place is my own little oasis. The atmosphere is so inviting and relaxing. Ash really understands what it means to cater to every customer. The smoothies are to die for! It's so hard to find a place that is top notch in every way possible. The quality of the food to drinks is definitely a 5-star! I am so glad I found this place, 2 years later this is the ONLY coffee shop I go. Starbucks is a joke compared to Achilles Coffee Shop!!
If you like so-so coffee, and food that tastes like fine tobacco this is your place. Nice ambiance, interesting art, but all I wanted was a decent cup of java.
