This magic show was hilarious! My husband and I had a blast! The comedian was funny, super entertaining, and kept us laughing through the whole night. Be careful- if you sit close to the front, he might ask you to participate. We actually bought a combo package that allowed access to the Wonderworks museum and then the show. I would skip wonderworks altogether (unless you have kids) and just see the show. Food: All you can eat pizza, salad, popcorn, and beer/wine served family style. The pizza is your standard Chuckie Cheese/Bowling Alley pizza, but it was pretty good. Our popcorn was kind of stale, but we didn't really mind. You just have to tell the waitress to keep the beers coming :)
Great show!  Something the whole family can enjoy.  Our kids loved it and they ranged from 10-20 years old. The food was good, but your really paying for the show. Lots of audience participation.  Incredibly funny.  It was truly a great family evening out, with lots of laughs.
Family friendly comedy/magic/dinner show at Wonder works.  You want to make reservations ahead of time as they are usually packed.  Two shows nightly, 6PM and 8PM.  Get there early if you want to sit in front.   Communal tables and salad on table when you arrive.  Unlimited amounts of food, beer (if you call Bud beer!!), wine, choice of merlot or zin and pepsi products.  Pizza was not gourmet, choice of cheese or pepperoni.   Parking garage right behind wonderworks made it convenient and I believe it was $4.00.
Pretty good dinner show as far as dinner shows go. The comedian was funny, clever and great with crowd interaction. The magic was neat. To top it all off, the building where the magic/comedy/dinner show is located is so cool, I have driven past it on multiple occasions and always wanted to go inside that "upside down place." The pizza was pretty decent, not the best pizza in the world, but it met my expectations. The salad was decent, an the beers keep coming (all for the one entrance price) making the show even funnier!!! I do have a few points of criticism. The staff here has bad phone answering skills. on one visit my aunt left her insulin and we kept calling after the show to get ahold of someone to see if it was there. No one would pick up, we had to drive back to check, luckily we got in and they did have it. The first time we came, my aunt and all her friends already had tickets. we were told it was sold out but if there was room once the show got started I could go in. i waiting about 15 minutes after the show got moving. The employee was very busy, but eventually I asked him without any research, he tells me there is no room. However, my aunt texted me and said they had a seat saved for me. I brought this information to the employees attention and got right in!!! Had such a good time, that I went back a 2nd time with my grandma. Round 2 was also very funny, mostly the same with a few a little variations that made it different. Overall, very enjoyable, and definitely a good choice for a dinner show in the Disney/Universal area!
I've been to many comedy shows in the past and this one was one of the best. I was a bit leery seeing as this was an ongoing show, but I looked it up on Yelp & on You Tube and thought it was good. After sitting through the show, I must say, I was very impressed.  It was a great, fun experience & I highly Recommend it. The all you can eat Pizza & Salad as well as the unlimited Drinks (Soda, Beer & Wine) made it that much more appealing. Bring your family & Friends and enjoy a great, quality show.  You will be glad you did.
I saw the saw the show staring Tony Brent. While it was enjoyable, I didn't think it was worth the money. Perhaps a family with kids in the late elementary to middle school age will enjoy it, but kids younger than that might not
Great environment for the whole family. The act is above par for having children in the audience. The price is easily the best for all dinner shows in orlando, as well as great for eating a bunch of pizza and chugging a crap-ton o' beers. I would say the only down side would be that it is family style so your sharing all food items with people you don't know, unless you have 6 or more people. Some side tips that you should know: plan on paying for parking, beer is bud focused, and start downing as soon as it gets there. Good things
Sounded like fun, bought tickets online... or so we thought. It turns out that you must buy tickets to the WonderWorks AND the Outta Control Dinner Show. The web site for the dinner show doesn't make this clear. It says $24.99 only. When you click to buy tickets, it sends you to a page to buy tickets to the WonderWorks. Looking back, I found where you buy both tickets, but it wasn't very clear, nor was it clear that you had to buy both and couldn't just buy a ticket for the dinner show. I called them and they refunded my purchase.  They need to fix their web site. Rating it at 3 stars so that I don't bias the rating.
This dinner show is part of WonderWorks on I-Drive.  My wife and I went there last night, and we had a blast!  For about $25 per adult you basically get unlimited popcorn, salad, pizza, beer, and wine along with the show itself.  The food and overall presentation is very simple -- this is by no means an upscale experience.  Nevertheless, it made for a great time.  The food was decent enough, and I was very pleased with how quickly the beer was served considering that it was unlimited.   Let's not forget about the actual show.  Our performer was really good, and he was really funny too.  It was basically a magic show with a little song and dance thrown in.  There was some audience participation too, but nothing at all to be nervous about. Lastly, this is very family-friendly entertainment.  There were quite a few kids in the crowd, and they were laughing a lot. Again, the food and presentation is simple, but I definitely recommend stopping by if you are just looking something to drink, eat, and a lot to laugh about!
Best deal in town! It kind of is too good to be true. The pizza was pretty good! And, the salad was decent. Drinks are refilled frequently, so you can definitely take advantage of the unlimited beer and wine. Plus, there was cake for dessert. Our host was crazy and witty and put on a hilarious show. The soundtrack was great. I just wish I had brought a sweater...
I can't say enough how entertaining the show was which is best described as an adlib comedy/magic show.  Our party ranged from 4 to 71 in age and everyone had a great time.  The food was alright (pizza, salad, soda, beer), but it was plentiful and quickly served.  The only annoyance was being seated such that half our party had our backs to the show, spending it twisted about, and that was being the second group seated. I would without reservation recommend seeing the show if you can fit it into you schedule.  Just remember to arrive early (45-60 min is good) or your seating will be terrible.
I would give this show 100 STARS!!!  I loved it.  I am an adult and it was hilarious.  The kids liked it too.  You get all you can eat pizza and salad and beer/soda during the show.  You should do this show.  I promise you will love it.
My ten year old daughter chuckled a few times, but then told me how the magician did some of the tricks. It wasn't that hard to figure out, really... The food was okay, but don't think that you'll be drinking much alcohol. We were lucky to get two beers (Bud Light) because the servers have 30+ people and don't show up but once at the beginning and once at the end of the show. For the price, it was just okay. We won't be back.
This must be THE best value family entertainment show in Orlando. Dinner show is popcorn, salad and freshly cooked pepperoni or cheese pizza. The show is rip roaringly funny and has fab illusions and magic tricks.  An absolute must on your Orlando trip.
The show was great.  It was a comedy show and magic show in one. Wish the food was better, but for the price you can't beat it. Made the Wonderworks experience better.
I liked this place. Its for family, kids, and friends. Nice environment and the tickets are sort of a package deal that serves free pizza, salad, popcorn and drinks for the exception of liquor which is inexpensive. I brought my 3 or 4 mth old son at the time, my boyfriend and my mother. The comedian was good and handled the kids great. The sitting however, reminds me of  cafeterias at school. I will be back.
Amazing Really wanted to do a dinenr show but were conflicted by the various options and had read a lot of mediocre reviews about the Arabian nights and medieval times shows. Chose to go with the Outta Control Dinner show and were amazed at how much fun it was. The dinner was Pizza but was really good Pizza - saying a lot coming from NY/NJ area. The salad was fresh and the service and food was plentiful. The magician was amazing and had my girls in hysterics from the minute he started until the minute he left. Price was very reasonable and there was no attempt through the show to empty my wallet with pictures or other optional extras. A real win !!!!
I have never laughed harder at a magic show. It was so funny. All the food was also delicious. Unlimated pizza (one of the best pizzas I've ever had) salad and drinks (including beer and wine).  There was also cake as desert. It lasts for about one and a half hours. I believe that it is well worth the time and money.
I saw the good review for this show so I couldn't pass it up. My boyfriend and I were NOT disappointed. Tony Brent was HILARIOUS. He kept us entertained the entire time. The extra perks were the salad, popcorn, pizza, beer/drinks that kept coming. We weren't really there for the dinner... it was all about the entertainment. His tricks were good, his jokes were funny. Oh.. and I also can't forget to mention that I enjoyed his music selection. It was a very nice way to spend the evening.
Best deal in Orlando.  Food and drinks included and it's all you can eat and drink. The show is outstanding and funny.
Excellent show, excellent value and the pizza is pretty good. Our drinks and empty plates were always refilled quickly. Truly the best value in Orlando
we had a party of six and we all agreed that this show was funny as hell, if u a shy person i sugust u keep a low profile cuz before u now it u will become a part of the show . its a real  fast pace so u relay need to keep up. i recommend the valet parking and thats the best way to get in and out
Although we live in Florida we have never been here and I just have to say the show was amazing!!!! It kept us laughing from beginning to end from my 8 year old to my teenager to grandma! We just laughed and laughed! I was sorry when it ended! We will definitley be back!!!!
