My first Cirque show, so I was really excited for it. It was amazing! The venue didn't seem to have any bad seats because you could see everything, so I'm not sure if it's worth it to even get the expensive center seats. The clowns were hilarious and kept my bf laughing out loud. All of acts were really entertaining and I loved all of the little details they kept in the show. There was always something going on to look at and you might even miss it if you're too busy staring at the main act. Everyone is really talented, and man, who knew the human body could look like that? ;) HAHA! The live band and singers was a great bonus as well. I've had my share of watching Cirque DVDs but seeing it live was so much better.
Cirque du Soleil La Nouba would have received a full 4 to 5 stars, there's only one reason it did not: what I saw the two opening act clowns do to a pregnant woman. My wife and I sat directly in the front row for the 6pm showing Thursday October 23rd, 2014 and I was dead center. As the venue was beginning to fill in the two clowns who start out the show and serve as filler between the next acrobatic events of the show came out to provide comic relief. They did various things to get the crowd and especially children to laugh. The two had been hitting each other with a foam "noodle" stick, the kind you play with in a pool. It was roughly 3 feet long and maybe 4 inches in diameter. After hitting each other the one ran around hitting everyone in the front row and other rows; an invasion of privacy to be sure and one I admit I didn't like. However, I figured being in the front row they would try and interact with us at some point and while the bop on the head was certainly pretty hard, you really can't get hurt so no harm no foul right? My main concern came when the clown went up to a family several rows behind us and bopped a pregnant mother on the head and then grabbed a large handful of her pop corn from her pop corn bag, threw it at the other family members and knocked roughly a quarter of the remaining popcorn all over her. You could see they were all upset, especially the pregnant woman and from what I could tell by hearing, it did not seem like they could speak English (which is not uncommon considering Disney World brings in tons of foreigners). This action was completely uncalled for. I think the hitting on the head is an invasion of privacy but even if we put that aside, to hit an obviously pregnant woman is in bad taste. Then to have an unknown person put their hand into your bag of popcorn, throw it at your family and knock out even more is practically an act of harassment. As a native language speaker I had no idea of the interaction that was going to take place and I'm sure for her and her family it was even more of a surprise. Not only that but I am sure that the prices for concessions is quite high and the clown really wasted a fair bit of money by doing so. Not to mention the embarrassment and possible risk of spreading cold, flu, etc. One could also argue that it was kind of racist as well considering it was only a Latino woman and family that were picked on specifically in this way. If we're talking about the show itself, it is amazing and a top notch spectacle, well worth seeing. The acrobats are amazing and it's an experience to be sure. However, what that clown did to that poor woman and her family was unacceptable and Cirque should be ashamed. For this reason alone I will not give the show a good review. Get rid of the two clowns, who really don't bring anything to the show and seem to lack common sense as to what is appropriate when interacting with a paying customer who is pregnant and can't speak English.
PROs: First ever event like this that ive ever attended. I was amazed at the high-level of skill displayed by the cast. Incredible. The choreography was impressive as well. I was really impressed to see that all the music played during the event is not a recording, but a live orchestra/band in the background. The two women singing were phenomenal. The length of the show was just perfect. Not too short, and it ended once it started getting to the point of "okayy....this was fun...im about ready to leave now." Some of the acts definitely trumped others, for example the, the high wire and the guy who flew around by hanging on to the red tapestry was kick ass. In my opinion, the two clowns who came out to serve as entertainment between act transitions are what made the experience. They were by far the greatest part. CONs: Just little picky stuff...The seating is uncomfortable, my shoulders are wider than the actual chair space, as was the guy sitting next to me. Because little toddlers are allowed  (which i dont think is responsible due to loudness) there are the occasional whales that are produced. Some of the acts were just boring, i.e. the trampoline act. I found myself paying more attention to the sound engineer playing on his equipment during this act. Lastly, the cost. But then again, what isnt expensive these days. TIPs: 1st,...COME LIKE an HOUR EARLY TO FIND PARKING!!! Parking is scarce. Took 45 minutes of circling to find a spot. Dont sit up close to the stage! A lot of the awesome acts take place high in the air, 90 minutes of staring up doesnt sound appealing. I sat in CAT 2, mid level seating, and i find this to be the best location. Plus, its far enough back to be able to see the whole scene and everything thats going on. Bring plenty of money if you plan on getting souvenir cups etc., its not cheap. OVERALL: I Definitely recommend this event for everyone. Me and the ole lady came here for our 1 year anniversary and stand far from regret. Superb experience
My wife and I brought my eight year old son to La Nouba - Cirque du Soleil in downtown Disney while on vacation. This show had us captivated from start to finish. The show has so much going on you may want to see the show a second time to catch what you may have missed the first time. What a group of professionals, and all extremely athletic. I give La Nouba - Cirque du Soleil 5 stars, and I would visit again if in the area. I recommend this show for families and kids of all age. The one downside would be the price. Expect to pay around $100 per seat depending on where you are in the theater.
OK, it's Cirque, so it's going to be pretty amazing. I've been to a ton of Cirque shows (over 15) - and this was definitely in the top 5 of my favorites. If you can go - get tickets...it's worth it. Now...a brief rant: I understand that La Nouba is in Disney, so most attendees are going to be families. I actually love this - because I think that kids need to be exposed to theater more often. The perfect editing and special effects of TV and movies just can't replace the illusion and the wonder and the spirit of imagination that theater has. I LOVE seeing kids at the theater. That being said - DEAR ASSHOLE PARENTS...I HATE YOU. Not all parents. And the parents that will be reading this - won't think this applies to you - but I hope that even one of these things stick out in your mind the next time you take your kids to a show......... 1) I get that your 2 year old is just learning to walk and you're just *delighted* about it. HOWEVER - letting your 2 year old PLAY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE AISLE as people are coming in and getting to their seats is JUST AWFUL. My father in law has terrible balance, and as he was trying to avoid stepping on your toddering baby (while you looked on, and didn't make even a motion to move your kid - or at least protect your kid from a falling 260 pound man) he nearly lost his balance and nearly squashed your kid. Only due to my husband and I is your not dead.  There were over 50 people in that aisle trying to get to their seats. THIS IS NOT THE TIME TO LET YOUR KID PLAY IN THE AISLE. 2) I get that your 6 year old is just filled with wonder at the performance. I mean, hell, I've been to a ton of these shows, and I *still* gasped at the acts.  I also get that your 6 year old doesn't quite understand what "inside voice" means, and might exuberently ask you how did the performer do that. Repeatedly. Believe it or not, that doesn't bother me - I actually find that rather charming. But you know what I DON'T find charming? YOU LOUDLY EXPLAINING TO THE KID HOW THEY DID THAT. I get that you want to answer her - but here's a tip: USE YOUR INSIDE VOICE. Whisper it to your kid. Do not loudly have a conversation OVER the sound of the music. ASSHOLE. 3) Also, if you SHOULD loudly explain to your kid how they did that trick...at least KNOW WHAT THE HELL YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT.  We were seated in the 3rd row, center (yeah, they were hella sweet seats), and yes, we were close enough to hear some of the performers call out timing.  One of the performances were these 3 Chinese girls. That were calling out stuff. DO NOT tell your kid that they were calling out each other's names. BECAUSE THEY WEREN'T. They were speaking Mandarin and they were fucking counting. Which any parent that watches Ni Hao Kai Lan knows. But that's beside the point - IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT - SHUT THE FUCK UP. Especially if you're doing it loudly. 4) I get that the show is long. I get that your 6 year old doesn't have a lot of patience, and some of the acts are a little long/hard for a 6 year old to appreciate/understand.  HOWEVER - if your 6 year old starts kicking the back of my seat, and I turn around and ask them - nicely - to please stop...DO NOT DARE LOOK AT ME LIKE I JUST KILLED A PUPPY. CONTROL YOUR KID.  I didn't raise my voice, I vocalized my requested very politely (with a please and a thank you), and it doesn't hurt your kid to learn what is acceptable behavior. If you think that it's OK for your kid to kick the seat...then please allow me to kick your seat for 10 minutes and then you can give me that look. Believe it or not - I don't hate kids. I find kids charming and adorable and fun to be around. I JUST HATE PARENTS.   Seriously - if you're going to shell out $200 per seat (and most of these were families of 5 - 7) to give your kid this experience...why can't you also dig deep into your soul and teach your kid a little about proper behavior and how to act in certain settings?  You're not doing your kid any favors by letting them act out this way. One day, your kid is going to end up working for me...and I will have to undo all your terrible parenting - and they are NOT going to enjoy that.
I loved the show! Amazing and very entertaining. I'm planning on going again with my sister. This was my favorite part of my latest trip to Orlando. We spent a lot of money getting the more expensive/close up seats but it's really not necessary. The arena is small so even the seats in the back are actually not that far. And I think that you actually get a better view cause you can see the entire scenario. Next time I'm most likely going to get something in section 3. Either way, I still had a blast and don't regret any bit of it. It's geared towards family so both young children and adults will enjoy it. My favorite acts were the three Chinese girls and the jumpers--especially the sad wrestler character! He was unbelievably talented. I was so impressed by how much control this man had over his body. Just go! It's a blast.
I've been to a good amount of Cirque du Soleil shows, but this one was my first and is my favorite. Every act was AWESOME, but the one that caught my eyes the most were the kids performing. I never knew they could be that talented. They flipped on top of each other, doing tricks with their chinese yoyos, and just beyond cute. I was on the edge of my seat (I probably almost fell off it) Being my first show, I didn't know where to sit, so I chose to sit in the front. That was a mistake. I felt like my neck was going to break. Next time, I will make sure to sit further back. Tips: Get there early to watch the clowns (they are very funny) and sit a lil further back. Don't need to spend so much money for front row. Overall: I can't wait to go back. I could watch this show over and over again. It's THAT GOOD!
Took my friend here for his birthday.  We had a blast and the show was amazing.  I would definitely go again and also sit up front!
This was our first trip to a Cirque show and I am not at all disappointed! We went as part of my birthday celebration (on 7/19)- and sat in 203 - BB - 16 & 17. The seats were amazing. The theatre is much smaller than the seating chart would have you believe and at first I wasn't sure. As soon as we sat down, I knew this was not a mistake. There are a lot of aerial acts and there is just so much going on at once, sitting up front I am sure you would miss something. We went to the 9 pm show, and arrived around 8:15. The doors were opened at 8:30, which gave us the perfect amount of time to grab bottles of water, check out the souvenirs, and use the restroom. You want to be in seats by 8:45 when the pre-show starts. They are worth a good laugh. PLEASE, do NOT be the LATE people. Do you know how obnoxious it must be for performers to deal with late comers every show? Plus, by then you've missed some of it. It's rude, and you've wasted your money (sorry, I was so annoyed by this). Parking at Downtown Disney is a horrific nightmare right now. We spent the $20 on valet and I didn't regret it for a second. The only thing I am disappointed in, is the no-photos policy. I guess I'll just have to go back..
We have seen many Cirque shows - Mystere, Ka, Believe to name a few and this was the best Cirque du Soleil show we have seen yet! The clowns are funny, the acts are mesmerizing, and it was just spectacular! Definitely worth seeing! I recommend sitting in the 200 sections to ensure all the action is happening in front of you. We sat in 205 and it was perfect. No need to pay for the most expensive seats.   Also, get there when the doors open so you don't miss the clown pre-show.
Went to see La Nouba with the family after seeing Zumanity in Las Vegas. The show was very very good especially for children. I personally enjoyed the more adult version but have a deep respect for the talent of  these guys and girls. If you've never seen a cirque show and you are in town, it's a must see! Again, these guys are amazing!! I took advice from reviews I read and sat in the upper levels. I felt like it was a good choice since most of the acts are in the air. I felt as though the people in the lower levels would be looking up the entire show. I also Agree that I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. I also took the advice to use valet. Well worth the $20. Snacks were kinda pricey..I think $21 for 2 drinks and 2 small popcorns, albeit they came in souvenir cups. Lots of food places and shopping to see before or after the show on the boardwalk which is right outside the theater.
This is definitely a family show. Very energetic, lots to see & I spent more money getting front/ section seats but if I had read the reviews ahead of time, I would've known that the cheaper seats were also pretty decent. My family was literally couple rows away from the stage. I felt like a little kid again & found myself watching in awe.  my jaws dropped a couple of times... Had to remind myself to close my mouth. I also loved that it's right in the downtown disney, after our 9pm show was done, we headed down & walked the strip. Picked up goody from the candy shop,walked the loop & picked up a strawberry daiquiri on my way out. Downside: parking is a bitch & a half!!!!
I've seen several Cirque shows over the years in Vegas, as well as traveling shows in Tampa and Atlanta.  La Nouba in Orlando remains my favorite.  I've seen La Nouba 3 times so far, and always come away delighted and amazed.  I don't think I will ever tire of it.  There's not a bad seat in the entire venue.  Florida residents get discounts at different times during the year by signing up for the Cirque Club (free) on their website.
Of the Cirque shows I've seen, this one was definitely more geared for kids but was still exciting and fun for adults! I convinced my family to watch this and they all loved it! It was their first Cirque du Soleil show. If you've never seen one before I'd recommend this show as it's just full of energy and excitement. Other shows like O in Las Vegas are more artistic and not really for kids but this one will make you feel young again. The theater is relatively small and honestly I think all the seats have a good enough view. I was worried sitting too high we wouldn't be able to see but it was just fine! If you order online, it will only show you the best seats available for the chosen tier/price range. If you want to chose your specific seats, you can buy the day of at the theater or try calling in maybe. I went on a Friday night at the 9pm showing during spring break time and there were a lot of empty seats. I don't want to give away too much but my favorite part was the male aerialist, anyone who's seen the show knows what I mean haha.
I'd been waiting to go see this before my program ended. The last day to get 50% off tickets seemed like an appropriate time to go see it. The showtimes for it is really just in the evenings. I believe when we went it was two available shows and we chose the later one. With out discount it was about 50 per ticket. Our seats were not bad either. We got center seats that were right behind the best seats in the house. From out spot we could see everything from the show. Of course any snacks or drink purchased was way overpriced. I brought a souvenir drink cup that was 10 bucks and my roommate loves cotton candy so I got her a bag which cost 5 bucks. A majority of the acts I'd seen before but just how each performance led to the next. Everything went well besides for one small mishap but no one was harmed. I loved the jump rope sequence and the Chinese yo-yo girls were my favorite. My poor roommate was tired from work and fell asleep midway through the show but my interest was peaked the whole time. Sitting can get a bit uncomfortable because it's like stadium seating almost. Not so much leg space and your neighbor is almost breathing down your neck. Didn't spoil the show for me though. I enjoyed it for what it was even though it was stuff I've seen before but the personality of each performer kept my interest. I would recommend anyone to see it at least once if you enjoy Cirque du Soleil!
I have been to alegria and thought it was awesome. But this place was amazing. Great performers great set up. Just amazing.
Having experienced Cirque in Vegas, This was a really nice show. The ambiance was really soothing for the production. From what I remember, it had very detailed precision and fitting soundtrack to go along with it. The little girls with the yo-yo like contraptions really stole the show. Certain parts may seem dark for the younger audiences but overall a great show. With all this said, I still recommend it for those who want a nice night out and can't make it out to Vegas.
We love Cirque du Soleil and have watched 4 of their shows before La Nouba. Two in Las Vegas, their original show and a new one, Ovo in Santa Monica, and Iris at the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles. Out of all them... La Nouba and Iris are my two favorites and most memorable. Absolutely incredibly well done. The La Nouba theater is nice, there's no bad seat and it's pretty intimate. The acts are great and there are a few highlights that are so memorable they will stick with you forever. On a side note, if you like La Nouba you will like Iris in Los Angeles, these two have the most memorable moments and individually special. I plan on returning to Las Vegas to watch a couple more of their shows eventually and one day say I've watched all of them!
This was my second time to the show and splurged on third row seats. I agree with other reviews that there isn't a bad seat in the house. I would definitely reccomend buying a seat in your price range. For future shows I will buy a seat further back to see everything going on in the air and on stage. The seats were slightly uncomfortable but the show is a perfect length. There is never a dull moment and the Young Asian girls will blow your mind. definitely a must see if you are visiting downtown Disney!
Had our eye on this show for years, and we found online tickets at Groupon for $49 so that sealed the deal.  We have been to one other Cirque du Soliel show before, Quidam, maybe ten years ago, but it has always been cost prohibitive to go again.  The auditorium was well-marked and fully accessible, and the pre-show with the two new clowns was very entertaining.  This was basically a circus/party atmosphere, and the amazing and athletic performers were astounding to watch, especially the silk dancers as they flew through the air, and the incredible trapeze artists.  The two hour show was just perfect.   We had a wonderful time and you can even take food and drink to your seats.  An unforgettable evening in every way.
Having lived in Vegas for almost 20 years, I've seen many Cirque du Soleil shows.   La Nouba was on my bucket list of shows that I haven't seen.  So we jumped at the chance to see it while we were at Disney. Just like the other Cirque shows, it features acrobats with a variety of skills.  This one is little different in that they have freestyle bicycle acrobats that do street style tricks on stage....that was cool.  The Chinese acrobat girls were awesome too....I can't believe how flexible they are and can twist themselves into a pretzel-like shape...that always amazes me. The show is put together well and is very entertaining.  I definitely recommend seeing it. Return Factor - 85%
This was our first experience at Cirque and it was so stinking amazing! It is ridiculous how talented these performers are, even the tiny little girls who threw around the over-sized bobbins (they were my favorite part). Ok, well, the male model guy in the linen pants who flew above the crowd and showed off his muscles wasn't so bad either. I went to the circus for the first time recently too but I thought this was better. Still family friendly and seriously cool to watch but here the music is more like an opera than a Chuck-e-Cheese. Plus you can be awestruck with a 32 oz strawberry daiquiri in one hand and popcorn or a pretzel in the other. The downside - super salty popcorn. Like the ocean.
Cirque du Soleil shows are never a disappointment. I watched la Nouba, and while it wasn't the best Cirque show that I've seen, it was still pretty great. I do love a great story behind Cirque shows, but La Nouba doesn't have too much of a story. It's more of a stunt show, but amazing nonetheless. Because the Downtown Disney venue is not very large, there is no "bad seat" in the house. I sat in the 202 section (The very back where they shove all the Florida residents) and I could see everything perfectly. I'm sure it's quite exhilarating to sit front and center, but it's just as fun in the back. For our seats and the whole experience, I'd say that the price we paid was quite reasonable. For the two of us, it cost less than $200. Other Cirque shows that we have seen were a lot more expensive than that (Las Vegas, San Jose). La Nouba is a definite must-see if you're in Orlando!
Cirque du Soleil holds a very special place in my heart. My first show was Kooza and it was also my boyfriend and i's first date. Since that first date, we have agreed to see every show that may come to town. While planning our trip to Disney, we both knew right away that La Nouba would be a must for us to see. We scored some AMAZING 2nd row seats to the right of the stage so were were super up close and personal. The entire show is phenomenal, and a must see if you are vacationing at Disney or live near. Lastly, this show DOES NOT travel so you can ONLY see it here!!!!!!! :)
Wonderful, beautiful,delightful, surprising and amazing! I can not wait to take my 2 boys when they get a little bit older.
Simply the Best!!!  Energetic, entertaining and exciting!  Seen the show multiple times and always find something new!!!!
ITS CIRQUE!!! What the heck else is there to say!!! Take the kids they will love it!!!!
As part of my sisters trip to Orlando, I took her here for her first Cirque show on the eve of our race. We watched the 6pm show and sat in section 205, Row AA - seat 3 & 4 which were considered premium Category 1 seats.   With La Nouba, you can expect the usual talent that comes with any Cirque experience. it was all very entertaining but my favorite acts were the young girls with the large yo-yo's and the beautifully choreographed red ribbon flying acrobats and trampoline stunts. The jump rope act was my least favorite. Cool but not extraordinary - plus, the last guy failed at both attempts to jump rope across the dozen or so cast mates that were lined up. I wish I could give this a fifth star but our premium seats came with some issues. We were seated on the first row of seats from the main aisle and there was constant traffic that would interfere and distract us from enjoying the show. The attendants who would escort those late people to their seats would often stand in our way obstructing the view to the stage. I thought those seats would be great seats but they turned out not to be the case with the traffic. Also, for some reason, our seats seemed to be right where the lights from the stage would point out to the crowd so I often had to squint my eyes because it was so bright. I noticed this especially with the lighting effects right before the trampoline act. I usually buy the music to all the Circque shows I attend but didn't think the musical part to the show was as appealing. Beautiful, yes -- but not something I'd be inclined to listen to again. Overall, a very entertaining show but Mystere is still my favorite!
I've never been to a Cirque show in my life before La Nouba and had high expectations. La Nouba is nothing short of amazing. Extremely entertaining! My lady and I enjoyed this thoroughly. Although not my girlfriend's first Cirque show, she said the production quality is up there with Las Vegas. Unlike other Cirque shows, La Nouba doesn't have a clearly defined theme so it is hard to describe the premise. The best way I can put it is take the circus subtract the animals, insert French flair, and add steroids to the show (not the performers) to make it even more awesome. Our seats were at the very front far right of the stage. So close we could see the dust fly up as the performers stepped across the stage. So many things go on during the show all at once, in front, above, to the side, and around you so there really isn't a bad seat. However, I recommend you sit a little further back to get a holistic view of the show to take it all in. Plus, seats further back are probably cheaper. I caught myself straining my neck to see acts above me. My favorite act of the show was the little girls with the yo-yos. They couldn't have been no older than 10 years old. Absolutely mind blowing. My girlfriend's favorite act was the red ribbon flying acrobats. Production quality is top notch and all the music is performed live. La Nouba is housed in Downtown Disney so parking will be jam packed. Get there at least 15 mins early. We had to park nearly a quarter mile away. You've been warned. This show is a definiate crowd pleaser and appropriate for younger viewers. I recommend this for the young and the young at heart.
Great show!  Went last night with a friend who got the hookup on tickets (free) . It's like a circus without the animals. The performances were excellent and the  background music was LIVE music with an actual Orchestra playing it. And there were singers. But you wouldn't know it because you're busy watching the performances. These people are very talented. I've never really been because I knew it was very expensive. I saw the price chart and the highest was in the upper 100 's and the cheapest seats were like $70 I think. It lasted an hour and a half.
We love this show!! We had front row seats just inches away from the stage, it was so worth it. We was nervous about out 3 year old being afraid of clowns but she wasn't. The performers in front on us were all waving at her. She said this is the best circus show she has ever seen. Since then at home she watches the Cirques du solieil movie on netflix every night and been asking to go again.
I was hesitant to buy a ticket to La Nouba because the show trailer looked far from promising - I had seen about a dozen Cirque productions in the past and this one just didn't seem like it would be up-to-par. Fortunately, I was mistaken. La Nouba was a fantastic show and is every bit as Cirque du Soleil as the company's other productions. Before La Nouba, I had only seen the touring shows in San Francisco, so this was my first viewing of a permanent Cirque production. The show is great - perhaps a tad more family friendly and light-hearted than other shows (trick bike riders, for example), but always in exquisite taste. Highlights of the show are definitely the four Chinese diablo jugglers and the tight-rope act. I also really enjoyed the music that accompanied the show. The trapeze artists were just OK (Ringling Bros. has a much better troupe) and I hardly understood any of the clown acts, but the audience seemed to love both. A few precautions and helpful tips: 1) ALL seats are good seats - the cheaper you can find, the better (you'll be able to see everything). 2) There is no intermission, as the show is only 90 minutes long. 3) The audience at La Nouba will be extremely different from those at other Cirque shows... lots of children, TONS of foreigners, and many late-comers - this mix makes the pre-show and first fifteen minutes of the show extremely unpleasant. 4) There really isn't a storyline, so don't ponder over the random @ and .com symbols on certain performers' costumes. Enjoy the show et amusez-vous bien!
Good, but there are better ones This was my third Cirque show I have attended.  They are all extremely entertaining with constant action and excitement.   This show was no different however If I hadcto rank it with the other 2 performances I've seen it would be in last place.  The most entertaining portion was the ladies doing tricks with the la diabalos.  The bicicyle tricks were cool, but not extraordinary.   Same with the acrobats.  I want to make it clear:  WELL WORTH THE PRICE OF ADMISSION.  Just not the best one.
A solid 4-stars for my very first Cirque du Soleil show. There's dancing, singing, cycling tricks and acrobatics. This show was highly entertaining, if you're not afraid of.....clowns. It was a wonderful change from all things Disney. I bought tickets for the cousin and myself and sat in Section Curtain C 205, Row AA with Seats 1 & 2. These were classified as Category 1 tickets. It placed us close enough that we can see the stage and all that's going on not only on the stage, but above it. We even got a view of the introduction of a few of the cast members, as they walked the path right in front of us. Excellent seats. If you're expecting a storyline, forget about it. Well, I know I couldn't figure it out. But, I was amused, held in suspense and awed. The thing that kept me from saying it's a 5-star was that there was so much going on. Too much.  Example, I'd hear laughing for what's going on at the stage, while there were gasps for the tight rope walkers up top, where my eyes were glued. Or, vice versa. Wish I could have seen it all to laugh and/or gasp with the rest of the crowd all at once. Were the tickets worth it? I'd say so. Just a forewarning, no pictures or filming allowed. And, if you don't want to get picked on by the clowns, stay out of the isle ways.
I feel compelled to write this review and I only wish it would end up on top of all of the other reviews for ONE reason and ONE reason only.  SEATING.   I give the show itself 4 stars for entertainment and acrobats and so on.  The music is great and the different acts and storyline are really good as well.  I have seen better in Vegas (Beatles LOVE) but I am determined to see all of the cirque shows.   Here is my complaint and what disappointed me more than anything.  We decided to book these tickets last minute and had several options for seats.  We chose the most expensive thinking we were going to have great seats.  The seating chart online is EXTREMELY deceiving.  If you can, get the seats that are cheaper and higher up.  You will be about $50 less per ticket and you will enjoy the show much better than I did.  We found ourselves looking up a lot and it was pretty frustrating.  We also missed out on 2-3 different acts because we were blocked by the platforms they were performing on.   So - its for this reason I have to give it this rating and I hope that I save someone some money more than anything.  Even the seats WAY up in the "nosebleeds" (as it looks on the online seating chart) arent high up at all.  TRUST ME!!!!  Its smaller than your average broadway show theatre.  Its 2 levels.  Count the letters of the rows and that will give you a better idea of how small the theatre actually is.  Wow, Im getting pretty passionate about this seating thing.   Overall, good show, good entertainment, Id recommend going for sure...just be save yourself the dough and sit up higher.
A visually stunning celebration of hope brilliantly contrasted against a surreal industrial work machine seemingly engineered to crush hope and individuality. There's a lowly cleaning lady. A gargoyle-like grotesque email of a man in limped contortions. That phone call that blows up every time you answer. Drab workers pointlessly jumping in mechanical precision. And before you know it, the jumping has transformed into a children's game with spinning tops, a dream of finding prince charming, a mythical world of flying people and a grounded yellow bird named Green. You'll leave feeling like you just might be able to leap out the office window on a dark Monday, defy the constraints of physical reality, and fly in superhuman play.
This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and like a first kiss, the first time your eyes are opened to a new amazing experience will always remain special Since then, I've been lucky to see quite a few other Cirque shows and I'm now familiar with their mix of circus acts, surreal themes and music. La Nouba plays in its own specially crafted theatre in the Downtown Disney area and is therefore perhaps aimed at younger audience and doesn't have some of the more surreal or adult aspects of other Cirque shows As with all Cirque shows, I would recommend getting there a little early to watch out for all the strange cast characters who wander round to entertain the audience as they filter in. My personal favourite acts were the amazing balancing chairs man, the Chinese girls with the diablos and the high energy trampoline finale A visit here will help to extend the wonder and enjoyment of Disney!
Such a great show La Nouba here in Orlando is a permanent show I've seen it twice and many times on TV. Cirque du Soleil started out near my hometown in Quebec and I remember my first show at 5 years old . They still bring you singing, acrobatics, and some comedy thrown in. This show is a 90 minute jam-packed performance. These little girls with balancing string and spools , the trick bikers, the trampoline stunts , the tightrope walker, all great performances and inspire you. You can buy a drink glass or other gift to remember the show by. Always a great show
Cirque du Soleil® -- La Nouba Exclusively at Downtown Disney, Orlando Florida Love the jump ropes. Love the little girls Love the bikes Love the high wire Love the little guy riding the bike Love the deformed strong man Love the four white guys Love the flying man Loved it all. Great seats in AA. My little one loved it. Sat on the edge of her seat the entire time. Great sound track. What a show! Once in a lifetime you get a class act... love it, appreciate it and cherish it. What a fantastic  deal. Only one of these class acts in the world!
Amazing stuff that renders one speechless. I'll just share some thoughts going on inside my mind while watching: ~I hope everyone has excellent health insurance ~I pray the little girls are being treated with love and care ~Wait.      Did I just see?...                                                               yes I did. ~I wonder which cast members are gay... ~I hope everyone gets along well because I would hate to be on the trapeze with someone I had a falling out with. ~So, exactly what are the child labor laws again? ~Working out really looks good on people ~How do they get the timing so right all the time? ~There is no "sorry, I'm late" with this job ~What do these people eat? ~The only part I could play in this show is the cleaning woman ~Are these people well rounded? I mean, some people are SO steeped in their talent that it's all that they have become. . .I heard someone say of Michael Phelps: "He's only cool in the pool." I'm not sure if that's true or not, but I get their point.  I mean, is there time for anything else in life besides training?  The level of perfection is just astounding to me. . . I just hope they are balanced individuals. Truly.   ~I see the Divine, light,  higher power, source-- written all over this production.   I feel the universe is filled with unlimited amazement, talent, and otherworldly gifts that is sprinkled throughout humanity. This is how I see God. This brilliance, given to imperfect human beings, once nurtured and developed with hard work, discipline, practice, and God knows what else. . .(Drugs. . .there has to be some serious drugs in all this), results in what I saw in this show. People shining brightly. Truly Inspiring.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about Cirque. I have always loved it!! This is a permanent location for La Nouba at Downtown Disney. The performers are so extremely talented and even though I have seen it multiple times, I never tire of the wonderful costumes and amazing stunts that they make look effortless. You will have to stand in line. You do want to purchase your tickets in advance, as they are often sold out. You will be entertained and amazed and leave with a smile on your face.
I have seen this show twice in the last year and I am simply amazed at the talent and energy that is put into each and every performance. This is the only Cirque show I have attended and if the other shows are anything like this, I want to see each one multiple times. The layout is extremely intimate so all seats are great. I have sat middle top as well as bottom left and both are a complete different experience. You really can't keep up with everything that is going on, amazing. I was in awe and truly touched each time. I shed a tear at the beauty. The live music and singing alone give me chills. Add in amazing costumes, skills and humor and I am hooked. My absolute favorite acts are the small chinese girls - just wait - and the trampoline act always makes me want to participate, they make it look like a breeze. Everything adds something lovely to the show and you really have to experience it for yourself to even know what any of these descriptions mean... stunning!
I've been dying to review La Nouba, but until last night I hadn't seen it since becoming a yelp-head. This was my fourth or fifth visit. I took a friend there for a belated birthday gift.  The production is still A-One, although a few things have changed since I last saw it.  Gone are the guys on the roller wheels (except briefly) and those astonishing stacking chairs.   But in its place, they've added a juggler whose performance is so great, you have to see to believe.  Plus, they seem to have improved the part of the mop-woman who kisses the frog and finds her prince, which brings the ending together. And the little Chinese spool throwers still steal the show, as always.
I saw Cirque popping up on the main page of Yelp and had to chip in my 2 cents... On a Vegas trip a year or 2 back I decided I wanted to see "Love". I'd heard it was cool, but wasn't really into the whole Cirque thing. However, I like the Beatles so I decided to give it a try. "Love" was hands down one of the coolest things I'd ever seen in my life. It was at that moment I became an addict. Since then, I've been back to Vegas twice and seen both "Ka" and "O", both equally great, though "Love" is still my favorite. That's when I realized we had a Cirque show here in Orlando and I'd still never been. I decided to splurge and bought front row seats; the front row here costs as much as the balcony for some of the Vegas shows, so it's not a bad deal. I honestly didn't have very high expectations. I thought that the Vegas productions were probably much more elaborate and impressive than any show could possibly be in Orlando. I'll admit now I was wrong. While the place doesn't have the same packed-house buzz that you'll get with a show in Vegas, it's still a great experience. The focus is heavily on stunts and acrobatics and the feel is a bit more intimate than the Cirque shows done in larger auditoriums. It's not as big and "WOW" as the others, but it's still a very good show. Easily, the best part of the night was them dragging me up on stage. Yup, if you sit front and center and are a reasonably young looking guy (I think they skip older men and women in skirts), you'll probably get pulled on stage for the bike stunt. That was a really amazing and memorable moment that I'll never forget. I even got a little card to commemorate it. If you haven't seen a Cirque show, you're missing out. Yes, any average football-watching, beer-drinking guy can really appreciate what they do on stage, even if it's in tights.
How profound an experience is La Nouba? I bawled my eyes out and looked like a crazy person if that's any indication. I bit the bullet and decided to go alone at the very last minute, which is why I think I scored an amazing seat in the second row. My seat was so great that the guys riding the bicycles threatened to take my head off and the 5-year-old Chinese girls tossed heavy balls a few inches from my face. There was an element of danger that titillated me, but of course it's Disney so the only element of danger is choking on your popcorn. If you're visually stimulated, you will not go hungry here. Like all Cirque shows, there are a dozen things going on at one time. You can focus on the main act, or you can watch a random character do something exciting like sweep the floor. Actors are positioned all over the place, and sometimes they even float by. There's no rhyme or reason to any of it, because it's simply beautiful chaos. Accompanying the visuals are two amazing female singers. The language they sing in, Gobblidigook, doesn't really exist. It's just like the Icelandic band Sigur Rós, only with acrobats. This is an amazing show. Unfortunately for many of us, there are clowns. They are as unfunny and time consuming and cumbersome as all clowns, but they're a circus requirement so it's best just to sit there and scowl and hope La Nouba gets the hint. If you like clowns, we're probably never going to be close friends, but you'll get a kick out of these clowns because they do the typical stupid clown crap. La Nouba is beautiful and whetted my appetite for more Cirque shows to the point where I may even visit that pit of despair Las Vegas. Splurge on the front rows. It'll be worth it as you smell the hard work and determination pouring off the athletes who possess bodies you'll never have close to resembling.
Out of all the Cirque shows I have seen, this is one of the most memorable. Just go see this one for the amazing Chinese kids who juggled. It is that good, and worth every penny. This show is a permanent showcase located in Downtown Disney. As it is a non-traveling show the costs for tickets are even a little more affordable. Very nice venue with roomy seating, and great views from every seat as even though it is pretty big it still seems like an intimate spot to see this show. As usual, there is a plot, and it was kind of hard to follow, but so what. The show starts out with high energy and stays that way until the last act. Music, performers, stage set-up, clowns, acrobatics, feats of strength and skill, La Nouba has something for everyone. Small kids to older adults all seem to enjoy this show. I took my parents here not too long ago during a Florida visit and we even got to use their resident's discount on the tickets - nice! Plus, being right in Downtown Disney there is easy access to restaurants, shops, and clubs.
We arrived about 15 minutes before the show started to purchase our tickets. We ended up getting two back seats in the very last row.. no,  it wasn't even a row; They had a line of chairs behind the last row. lol. This worked out in our favor though -- from where we were seated, we could see EVERYTHING without having to turn our heads or look up. In my honest opinion, farther in the center is better. If you go this route, you'll have a better view and save some loot. My boyfriend loves acrobatic stuff and I really wanted to take him to see this. He was very skeptical before we went, especially with the not so cheap tickets. Once we were seated, you could tell he was already won over. The show was incredible. This was my second Cirque du Soleil show so I came with the knowledge that it would be nothing less than extraordinary. The stunts are indescribable. I cannot explain in words how great this show was, from start to finish. I was on the edge of my seat, gasping for air each time someone did a death defying act. This show is a must see if you are in the Orlando area! Definitely worth the price.
I've had the pleasure of seeing Cirque shows in the past. La Nouba is an amazingly staged show, showcasing each talent while drawing the audience in to the Cirque experience. Hubby and I tried to decide our favorite parts on the way home- each was so distinctively amazing. For me, the silks (aka red curtains) for Hubby, the trampolines, bikes or the adorable, fascinating and talented trio of little girls. How much talent can you pack on one stage? We left the theater wanting to jump on some trampolines or learn how to juggle. The mood was infectious, as conversations around us all were as amazed and enthusiastic as ours. Cannot wait to go again!
La Nouba was my first Cirque du Soleil and I found the whole experience incredibly beautiful and balletic.  The performers were all top notch and many of the acts were breathtaking.  Given that La Nouba was exclusively developed for Walt Disney World, it is of course family friendly entertainment.  But adults of all ages will be just as captivated during this show.  La Nouba, which roughly translates as "living it up," takes on elements of a classic circus (high wire, trapeze, juggling, clowns, etc.) and knocks it into the stratosphere. Activities as mundane as riding a bike and skipping rope turn into acts of wonder in the hands of their international troupe.  Athletic acts like the trampoline and aerial ballet with silk are taken to the next level as well, leaving you sitting in your chair with your mouth agape.  And then there were the four little chinese girls juggling and spinning a spool-like yo-yo that will have you on your feet because they're so amazingly talented!  All of this takes place with live music and singing (that's why that guy was standing above it all throughout!) and comic interludes that will definitely leave you wanting more!  We saw this our first full day in Orlando and it was a great way to start off our Disney week!
Wow...Just wow. that was an amazing experience, and if you're looking for an opportunity in the Orlando area to be wowed, GO THERE! The show was amazing, the people were very helpful, the performers were incredible, and for someone that's never seen something like that in person, I'm already planning a trip to one of the Vegas shows. What was my favorite part? All of it! If given the opportunity, RUN, don't walk to this show.
Great show. I had seen Ovo, Ka, Dralion, MJ The Immortal, and Totem. La Nouba I think is my 3rd favorite after Ovo and Ka.
I've been around the Cirque block- a time or two- and La Nouba still does it for me! What's not to get excited about?   Great mood music. Ooooohhh Spine tingling acrobatics. Aaaahhhh And all that flying around on sash-like curtains. Yeah baby I know where I'm going next time I need my Cirque fix.
This is a Great Cirque Show.. I have seen many.. I really didn't think this one would impress me, but it sure did.. Wow... it was everything and some..all different types of acts with great humor, story telling, tricks, here, there, everywhere..  We were up front and it was a bit too close. 5 or so rows back gets you great views. Splurge cause its well worth it!!
Always a fun night! I took Idalia D. for her birthday recently. She had never been and I had been once before year ago. I went to the box office the day of the show and a lot of good seats were still available. I ended up buying level 3 tickets and our seats were off to the side.  I don't think there is a bad seat. But sitting more center would have allowed us to capture more of what was going on in the background. My only complaint is that the seats are very narrow. That might be a problem for someone larger.
I've seen this show 3 or 4 times and I never get tired of it! This was my first Cirque show and set the bar pretty high for future performances. It's full of amazing acrobatics and I swear some of these people defy gravity! The colors, the music and the action create a sensory experience like no other. You can't beat the location in Downtown Disney, surrounded by tons of restaurants, shops and clubs. On my most recent visit, I brought my boyfriend for his birthday. It was his first Cirque show ever and he was beyond blown away. He was like a little kid watching fireworks on the fourth of July.   A couple acts have changed here and there but as long as they keep my favorite little green "diablos," I'll be a La Nouba fan for life! (You can even get Florida Resident discounts for certain shows!)
Simply amazing. Easily the best permanent cirque show. Every part of the show is exciting and gets better as the show progresses - the performers have incredible talent. Your on the edge of you seat the whole time. I will not spoil the experience by describing the details. Ive been fortunate enough to see over 12 different permanent Cirque shows in different countries and this is my top pick. Added bonus - not as pricey as the Vegas shows either. YOU MUST SEE THIS SHOW....
A couple things before I get started. Let's just call it the "disclaimer." 1. This particular show I didn't actually pay for-I was lucky enough to get tickets through work to see the new elements of the show. 2. This was my 3rd time watching the show. 3. This is the only family friendly cirque show that I am aware of in existence. 4. I learned that this particular show was created for that reason and just for Disney. So that being said... Had some great seats! 2nd row, just off the center. I don't think I could have asked for a better seat...unless I was on the stage.  lol.  I was so close I could see the makeup lines on the characters face and all of their facial expressions throughout the show. It was so cool! The performers were just amazing and the show never gets old; to me anyway. I swear I got a couple of eye contact moments and smiles from some of the performers....So that I don't make anyone sick, let me just say the eyecandy from that close is just amazing. There's no other word for it. This is just an incredible show with live music and singing, various talent acts: tight-rope, improv actors, trampoline, juggler, and the little chinese girls, who always get the biggest applause. In any case what I was supposed to look for were the changes. Back in June, I noticed that the chair stacking act was taken out and there was a juggler in his place.  The juggler was very cool. My sister used to tinker with juggling and her husband works on his skills so it was exciting for me that this was added to the show. And a nice change of talent. For those looking for a chair stacker/balancer, there is still a man performing in the France pavilion at EPCOT.  Anyway, he juggled balls, clubs and a ball, and frisbies with a hole in it. This act isn't 'dare devil"-ish but is a great show of talent. The other change that is very sad for me is the giant German Wheels are no longer in the show. If you've never seen that, it looks like a giant hamster wheel that takes a crazy amount of strenth to turn and balance so you don't fall flat. In it's place is a jumprope act, which is very good but just not quite the same. I did really enjoy the triangle of 3 jump ropes and the performers going in and out. I also really liked the double jump rope with the single jumper going through.  In the grand scheme of things, we do use jumpropes in the Block Party Bash at Disney's Hollywood Studios but they don't do this sort of jumping. My other side note, my favorite scene of Legally Blonde the Musical is the jump rope jail scene. Ok. Back to the show. As I said this was my 3rd experience and each time i've sat in a different place. The first time I sat in the last row of the section just off center section so I had to turn around for the entrance, like this evening.  The second time (june) I watched from the opposite side up in the 3rd row of the upper section. The more of a full stage view was good because you can see multiple things. From where I sat today, I was able to just focus on one or 2 perfomers at a time so I know I missed a lot of things that happen on the stage but I really enjoyed that feeling of up close and personal to the performers. In any case, all the seats are good places to be and there is always something to watch (other than the main act). The performers continue to do little things in the background that do sometimes get missed when you're focused on the main act.  Extremely proud of the performers-no one dropped anything, trapeze artists were great , no jump was out of step. Or if it was I missed it. I highly recommend this show to anyone who wants to take their young kids to a cirque show. The show is family friendly, exciting, in your face, and great to watch more than one time!
HOLY COW!!!!  This was absolutely the best show that I've ever seen in my entire life.  And I'm not just saying that. La Nouba is housed at Walt Disney World in FL and ticket prices range from $61-$95 for adults and is worth every penny.  We bought the cheap seats and one of the ushers actually told us that it was a wise decision so we could see it from a bit further up.. you'll want to sit back a ways so you can take everything in!  They use the entire stage.  The ceiling, the subfloor, the waaaayyyyy back, and even get audience members into the show. If you've never seen a Cirque du Soleil show in person, this is a great one to start with!!  It was my first and only show so far, but it definitely won't be the last.  They just announced a new show "Corteo" that will be playing at the United Center late this summer and I can't wait!!
If you're heading to Disney World, make sure you make time to catch this resident show from Cirque du Soleil. A highly enjoyable visual feast.  It's high energy and makes you want to jump on stage.  My favorite act is when the performers are jumping from floor level trampolines and popping in and out of a structure with open 'windows'.  It's amazing. As with all Cirque shows, the costumes and make-up are perfect.  The talent is unpredictable and superb.  The music completes the package.
I have only seen one other Cirque du Soleil show. If you never have experienced a show then you need to go. It is one of the most unique shows you will ever watch. It is like watching an opera, circus, and play all in one. Although I thought I did good job following the vague story, it was confusing at the very end. With this particular show, I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. You might not want to pay extra for the very front rows, because you will miss a couple of things going on behind you. But don't worry, you are not missing much. Other than that, I know it is expensive but you definitely need to experience this. The only reason I had to give this 4 stars, was the different theme I saw several years ago was twice as long and about half as expensive. Heck, it evern had an intermission. But this particular theme "La Nouba" is still strongly recommended.
I never pictured myself at a Cirque Du Soleil show, but when my friend wanted to go for her 20th Birdthday to Florida, she asked me if I would go to see the show!  I am so happy that I did.  It was one of the most amazing experiences that I ever had.   Such talented actors and especially the little Asian girls, that weren't any older than 10 years old were splendid.   Bring your credit card because for decent seats it is going to be a little pricey...ours were about $65 if my memory serves me correct.  And we were in the first balcony center stage.  Great seats, great show, great fun! :)
This is the first of the Cirque shows I saw. At the time, I was in complete awe of the performers. I've seen different shows since then - a traveling one - and I'm afraid to admit that La Nouba is the weaker of the two. My favorite piece of this show is the man in that 'flies' around the room on the red drapes. He was gorgeous and so was his performance! I would definitely take people who had never seen this show, or never seen a Cirque show, to see La Nouba. I don't think however, that I would go back by myself. It's a great 'day out' for a group of friends. While some are better than others, there's not a bad seat in the house.
My boyfriend and I took advantage of the $50 Florida Resident tickets and went to see this show! We haven't seen other shows in Vegas so I can't compare it to anything - this was fantastic! I went once before, about 5 years ago and for some reason, I remember the clowns being funnier and the story line being slightly different but I could be mistaken. We had a great time and the acts were incredible! The most distracting bit is audience members coming in 15-20 minutes late and having to stand to allow them down the aisle. La Nouba should really enforce a strict policy of not allowing people in after "curtain call". It's super rude and distracting but I know they want a full house no matter what. I love La Nouba but I'd definitely wait for another deal to take advantage again.
I don't know what's harder to write ... a review on a place that I love or one that I hate.  When I sit down to do this review, I feel the need to yank out a thesaurus to help better express myself.  Let's see, below is an excerpt from Melinda's Thesaurus (By the way, this is the first and only entry to date): Main Entry: La Nouba Cirque du Soleil - Lake Buena Vista Part of Speech: adjective Definition: amazing Synonyms: astonishing, breathtaking, confounding, eye-popping, mind-blowing, mind-boggling, overwhelming, shocking, startling, stupefying, surprising, wondrous and then I would add other adjectives like entertaining, funny, too much to take in after only one visit, wanna-go-again-able!! Ok, so you probably guessed this was a like, not a dislike review! I absolutely, no doubt about it LOVED the PERFORMANCE, the COSTUMES, the LIVE MUSIC, the ACROBATICS, the ATHLETICISM paired with GRACE, the BEAUTIFUL PERFORMERS (yes his includes the bare-chested, gorgeous man who floated through the air on giant red "ribbons"), the QUIRKINESS of the cast, the ENERGY and quite honestly EVERYTHING except the horribly tight seating. Ok, so not such a huge deal, but let's talk food and drink. No doubt! The food is very circus-themed; popcorn, cotton candy, glazed nuts, candy. Yum! I chose cotton candy - pink, of course! There was also soda, water and cocktail mix-ins. So while I indulged in childhood yumminess like my pink cotton candy, my husband had a double Captain and Coke. You've got to love the diverse options! The show in itself was more than I can explain and better than I had hoped for. I hear that the Vegas shows are better; I would hope so, it's Vegas for pete sake, I can only imagine. But for me, this is home and I'm glad there is something so spectacular that I can tell others about. I will say this ... do not get to drawn to a single specific performer or side of the stage because, from experience, I can tell you that you will look up and see something new on stage and wonder, "Where did that come from and when did this happen". There is so much going on and so much to be seen at all levels, not just at aye level, but you must look high and low too and just do your best to take it all in. You won't, you can't, it's impossible, BUT you can always go back! Loved it, loved it, LOVED IT! Thanks to YELP! for leading me here. I'd always wanted to go and finally got by big chance.
My wife and I have been to most of the Cirque Du Soleil shows - worldwide.  Yes, we travel quite a bit. La Nouba is my absolute favorite.  I have seen this show about 5 times.... and, never bored... There is no bad seat in the auditorium.  The music, acrobats, and staff are amazing. Of note, the best part of this show was the little chinese children.  I could watch those kids perform their juggling acts forever.  It was that good!
I found La Nouba just A-OK compared to other Cirque du Soleil productions in La Vegas. The show has its own standalone theatre which is easily accessible rather than having to find it inside a hotel. Like Mystere, the show didn't have a true story line to follow yet it incorporated performances that I haven't seen at other productions (e.g. the Chinese Girls). Overall, its a good show but if you didn't have time to get tickets, don't worry about it. There are others to see.
Incredible.  Of course, you expect it to be pretty good because EVERYONE says it's great. Yeah, it's better than you think. There's not much point in going into details if you haven't already seen the show (and if you have, you're not interested in the reviews because you already know), but there is some seriously amazing talent here. The music actually sounds recorded until you see the band hidden on platforms above the stage.  If a performer makes a mistake during a key part of the performance (like the trapeze artists), the band seamlessly keeps the music going, allowing the performer to attempt the stunt a second time.  It's all very fluid. The show is a perfect combination of awe-inspiring stunts and great intermittent comedic moments.  I know it's expensive (though thanks to Colleen and the Yelp Culture Club, we managed to get our tickets for free!) but this is something to put on your "Must See At Least Once" list.
I am a HUGE Cirque du Soleil fan.  I'm determined to see all of them and I'm halfway there!  I've seen La Nouba twice and it's great! If you've seen Cirque shows before, like the ones out in Las Vegas, I'll tell you now that La Nouba is somewhat comparible but I definitly prefer the ones out there more, such as Ka, Love, Mystere, O, etc.  They are a bit more face paced and have clear story lines behind them like you're watching a movie, which I enjoy! With that being said, I do recommened La Nouba though if you have never seen it!  The acts are amazing and everyone makes it look so easy, the live music is always great and the clowns are always funny...although I found the clowns in this show to be a little irritating, lol. Also, there's probably not a bad seat in the house, even when getting the seats up top in the 200 section.  The best way I could describe it is "cozy" anywhere you sit you feel close to the stage and in the action and can see everything. Being a seasoned vet of these shows, I will tell you a secret.  When buying tickets to any of these shows....never get the closest seats you can find.  You always want to be back at least 10 rows if not more because there are tons of things up in the air and if you're too close, you tend to miss things and spend the entire time straining your neck to look up (and try to find some seats center stage as the majority of the acts face that way).
Probably my 5th time seeing this show. It changes bit by bit, which is good. Beautiful stage, wonderful performers, sales is happy to check for any discount for which you may be eligible (AAA, Florida resident, etc.) Take the family!
I finally popped my Cirque cherry with this show, and just like the other memorable "poppings" in my life, it was damn well worth the wait... After finally watching a live CDS show (obviously the ones semi-watched on DVD while in an "induced" state don't count), I personally feel that they as a whole constitute a microcosm of what many forms of media entertainment represent today: not much in terms of narrative, exposition and structure, but damn they are great aesthetic orgasms. Without taking the piss out of the whole thing, the sequences involving bald glowing men, little Chinese girls, tall red silk sheets and long trampolines left me astounded, and just like those aforementioned popped cherries from the past, I'm now damn hooked.
This show is absolutely AMAZING! There's so much talent, skill, and energy seen in all of the performers. My eyes and mouth were wide open the whole show watching in amazement. The seats were perfect, right at the top and in the middle of the theater. We were able to see everything that was going on (and believe me, there was a lot happening) without having to turn around or strain our necks to look up. The only thing I didn't like was the size of the seats. It was a really tight squeeze with not much room to be fully comfortable. Not too big of a deal though because I was thoroughly entertained by everything happening on stage. Thanks so much to Yelp and Colleen for the awesome tickets!!
I've seen this show twice now and anything that Cirque Du Soleil does is always genius.  The first time was a few years back and the place was packed.  The show was full of energy and magical from the moment you entered the big top until hours after the show ended.  I attended much more recently however, and felt that the energy in the show was lacking compared to the previous visit.  Maybe it had something to do with the fact that the place was half empty.  The ticket prices are a bit steep and perhaps they'd go back to selling out every night if they made tickets a wee bit more affordable. I must say though, that as with all Cirque shows, the band is always on fire!
Love, love, love this show!  I first experienced it about eight years ago but had the opportunity to see it again last night.  So good, and a wonderful thing to share with friends or family. By far, my favorite pieces are the little Asian performers (can I shrink one and keep her in my pocket, please?) along with the trampoline artists. A truly, truly amazing attraction right here in our own backyard. (Completely disagree with Jocelyn O's & Denise R's opinions, by the way.  How can you not be impressed by this show?)
I saw this show about 2 years ago and it was my first Cirque experience. What an unbelievable performance!  I'm not much for bellyaching, but I was moved almost to tears by the beauty and artistic creativity of this show.  Mind you, I said "almost"; I'm no pansy. My eyes were darting between all areas of the stage as there was something remarkable happening everywhere.  The performers who stood up inside the rolling wheels were my favorite; how do they do that?? If anyone is on the fence about whether to spend the money to see a Cirque du Soleil show, I can't stress enough how worthwhile it is.  You won't be disappointed.   Also, the Orlando show had great seating; looking around it seemed like there probably weren't any "bad" seats. Whether you enjoy theater or dance, or just want something unique and fun, Cirque du Soleil will deliver.  La Nouba is a beautiful and exciting performance you have to experience for yourself.
Ok, so... where are we at?!  Oh, that's right... Cirque #13. In short, it was good show with an even better soundtrack.  After you've seen as many as I have, you probably wouldn't be impressed either.  But, it wasn't bad either.  Aside from the stupid box number in beginning and the Pierrot clowns, which I found no value to, I was entertained.  I mean, I  didn't fall asleep like I did with Delirium or Saltimbanco.  (Or, perhaps, that's because I was anxious to dine at Victoria and Albert's... hehe.)  And, I admit that the little Chinese girls helped tip the scale from fair to good. I recommend La Nouba to anyone going to Orlando.  It's kid-friendly and entertaining enough for the whole family, if you have an extra $120 to spend per person.  Kids on laps are free. Word to the Wise:  Purchase early.  Make your fellow patrons envious with cool souvenir credit cards to serve as your tickets in mail. I purchased my tickets over the phone and roughly a month in advance (which I thought was late but... I guess not for some).
Simply put, this show is an hour and a half of solid entertainment. I saw a few people leave to the restroom during the show but I have no idea why they would want to miss a minute of what is happening. The show itself is an awesome blend of comedy, acrobatics and art. The costumes and characters are strange and intriguing as are the different set backdrops. There is so much to watch and see at any given time that I sometimes wondered if I missed something. The stunts and acrobatics are jaw dropping and leave you in awe. The show tickets are expensive but it's a unique experience. If you haven't been before, I definitely recommend checking it out
I will always will get goosebumps watching this show. Cirque du Soleil La Nouba is EXCELLENT. There is never a dull moment and the performances are beyond unbelievable. There are times during this show that I had to question whether or not I witnessed seeing a miracle. The main wow factor to the show is when an acrobat walks on a thin thin line with a lady balancing on top of his body. I always have to hold my breath because some of these performances are shocking. Another popular liking in the show are the little girls with the big YoYos. They throw the YoYos high up in the air and catch them with a tiny string like they were born to do it. I love the bike performance specifically when they do amazing stunts spinning the tire all the way around while jumping. The flipping dancing clowns are entertaining along with all the kooky characters in the show. Everybody should experience this show, I do not have any other words to explain the experience of this since it left me in awe each and everytime.
An excellent show that's not quite up to the par with it's Vegas counterparts. They also make a lot of mistakes which takes away from the show. Those two things being said, any Cirque Dud Soleil show is a remarkable sight to behold that never seems to get old no matter how many times you see it. Also, it may seem expensive, but once you take a little time think about the production scope once it's over you'll be asking how they could put this show on for such a minimal amount of money. I didn't find the concessions to be out of line either.  They're no more expensive than the standard movie theater in middle America. Go ahead, buy those tickets, and enjoy!
Yup, one more five star review - this is simply hands down a stunner of a show. The theater is designed specifically for Cirque, which is nice because you can sit pretty much anywhere and have an amazing view of the stage. When I saw the Kooza show in Baltimore, it was in a tent  constructed for the show, which meant at points your view could be obstructed by a pole, but there's nothing like that to block views here. Parking is free and crazy busy because of Downtown Disney. Park in lots L, M, or N to be close to the Cirque stage, or just walk around and enjoy people watching.
Much has already been said. Really, the show is an awesome, exceptional experience for all ages, young or old. We were very lucky to have front row, slightly off center-stage seats... medium priced seats. Rest assured, any seat in the house is very good. There are no bad seats and no nose-bleed seats. I wonder what creative designer develops the characters for this show? Who looks at a performer and cultivates the character within? The clowns Balthazar and Sergi that open the show were good. But the 4 Nuts or white ghost guys, the creepy, nerdy body builder The Titan, the Periott clown and ballerina dancer, the cleaning lady, the colorful green bird, the Walker on the teeny-tiny bicycle... all brilliant! The performance of the Chinese girls, the cyclists, the trapeze walkers, dancers, singers, and performers were simply awesome. DO NOT MISS IT!
We were able to get two great last minute seats at Cirque du Soleil and was totally worth it! The show is completely different than a regular circus. The combination of the music, the lights, the costumes, the performers is so detailed that it will completely draw your full attention!. There's so much going on; you won't want to blink. This is definitely a must see if you happen to go to Orlando.
La Nouba was my 2nd Cirque show that I have seen and I have to admit, it was incredible!  It should be seeing that they do 2 shows a day.  If you have never seen a Cirque show before then this is definitely a good one to see.  I hear that the Las Vegas show is one of the best ever though.  One advantage that La Nouba has is that the show occurs in it's own huge theater.  The other show I went to was Corteo, in Atlanta, and it occurred in a big tent.  It was still awesome, but I think a lot of the stunts were limited due to the smaller size. The one downside to this show is the ticket prices.  The cheapest tickets are $69 each for the adult tickets and $56 each for children 3-9 years old.  This can be an expensive night out for a family.  Then again, all attractions in Orlando can be expensive.
My first cirque show and now I'm an addict. I've seen several since and think this may be my favorite. It's just plain magical! They do such a fabulous job and have so talented artists! A flawless production. My favorite is when the lil asian girls looking all alike (and are kindergarden age!!) do their bit. The skill and coordination would be amazing from adults much less a whole bunch of cute little girls. The seating is great (best layout of any show I've been). Any seat in the house is going to be a great view. Definitely a must if your in the area!
Fantastic show!  I'e seen it twice, and both times I've just been amazed.  You get the standard acrobatic fare here (tightrope, trapeze, etc) but there's some really unique and impressive stuff as well.  My favorite parts are the little girls with the chinese yo-yos and the absolutely incredible trampoline finale.... it really must be seen to be believed. Pro tip: the expensive seats are absolutely not worth it.  You can get the second or third most expensive seats (out of 4 price levels) and still have a fantastic view of everything for $20-$40 less per ticket. If you're heading to Disney World, you've gotta check it out.  Well worth the money.
I was supposed to go to see Cirque du Soleil for the first time the day after Fellowship of the Ring came out.   I was on a Disney trip, & guess what?  I have PRIORITIES.  Midnight showing of Fellowship of the Ring was number one.  I don't care if I have to blow off The Mouse & everything-- Lord of the Rings is my first order of business.  Midnight struck, I shed a tear when Galadriel walked down the stairs, it was perfect. Night two, I said: "scalp my ticket.  Hock it.  I don't care, I'm going to go see Lord of the Rings again.  I don't even CARE.  LORD OF THE RINGS."  I was-- I am-- hardcore about my elves & orcs. Nothin' doing.  My arm was twisted.  I'd be going to the circus.  IT WAS WORTH IT.  It was effing amazing & fantastic & worth missing a second viewing of Fellowship of the Ring.  That is probably the highest praise I can give ANYTHING.
How 'bout one more 5-star review for this stupendous show!  I'm an unabashed Cirque fan, so I consider Cirque du Soleil's "La Nouba," nearby at Downtown Disney, one of the many great things about living in O-Town!  Visiting out-of-town family members are in for a marvelous treat when they come to visit me -- especially during Florida residents' discount days -- because I usually try to work it into the itineray.  Not cheap, but definitely worth the splurge!   For me the excitement begins to build in the parking lot, the moment I lay eyes on the soaring angles of the theater, architecturally designed to resemble an enormous white circus tent.  And from there, I can't wait to experience the thrill of this modern circus once more!  Though Cirque rarely -- if ever -- disappoints, in my book, this one really is the best.  The über talented performers who make up the show's cast -- contortionists, acrobats, BMX bike riders, jugglers, clowns, etc. -- along with the countless designers, costumers, musicians and technicians behind the scenes, are all superb artists at the top of their game.  And I love the eccentric characters who put you through a range of emotions without a single utterance during the show.  "La Nouba" is a wonderful hour-and-a-half of charming, eye-popingly colorful, and sometimes -- death-defying -- spectacle for all ages! Never been?  Well, put it on your list!  Local residents -- when you see the discount tickets advertised, jump on it!  Closing tip: Try to get tickets as close to the center of the theater as possible so that you can best appreciate the full view of the stage as well as the pre-show entertainment.
I'm not the type to be at a loss for words, but the show was amazing. It's something everyone should see before they die. I can't describe it because there's no way I could do it justice. You'll just have to take my word for it. It's quite pricey, but money well spent. It may be the second most amazing thing that I've seen outside of Fuerza Bruta in NYC.
Just one word, AWESOME!!!!! It's better than I expected....
On our first night in Orlando, we started our trip off with a bang. If you've never seen Cirque Du Soleil, believe the hype. This was my second time experiencing it but the first time at La Nouba (there are many different Cirque Du Soleil shows around the world). We reserved good seats months ago and though every seat in the arena seems decent, ours were the best. We sat in the center of the back row of the first section. I say these were the best seats not only because we had a perfect view of everything on stage, but also because some clowns came out before the show and embarrassed my fiancée. The older gentleman clown picked some invisible lice out of her hair and then the younger (not by much) clown started piling colorful boxes on her lap. It was a very funny shtick to the rest of the audience but I think I laughed the hardest. Sorry babe. It was too funny seeing your face as you thought all those boxes would topple over. But they didn't! And you were part of the show! Yah! But then the older gentleman clown made fun of my hair. WIth a slick motion of his hand, he implied that it was too greasy. Boo. All the acts in the show were just unbelievable. My favorite was the four cute little girls who played with wooden spools on this string catcher thingamabob. You just gotta see it. The girls dance and jump over each other and stack up on top of one another as they throw their wooden spooly things sky high and somehow catch them on a string! This plus many equally amazing acts left me with my mouth wide open through the majority of the show. The clowns come back occasionally to give a breather but near the end of the show I found myself getting tired of their antics, only because I wanted to see more of the acrobatics. Tightrope walkers were flawless. Trapeze swingers were gorgeously graceful. And the juggler threw no less than a dozen rings in the air at once while bouncing a ball on his head. How do these people do it?! They must be robots from the future sent back to our time to entertain. That's the only way I can figure it. The show is about 90 minutes which is just about the perfect amount of time. Though you will leave it wishing for 90 more. I can't wait for my next Cirque show.
Good show!  This show is about energy.  Colors and acrobatics are awesomest!  Seats were in the top middle area, able to see the whole stage.  The clowns made the show.   I would say I like Cirque du Soleil Iris in Los Angeles, Ca. more.  Dont get me wrong, but La Nouba is great. If you are a Cirque du Soleil Fan, you will love it!!  Entertaining!!
What is there to not enjoy about La Nouba?  I have no other Cirque du Soleil shows under my belt to compare this to; however, every time I see it, I'm in awe of the performers and the journey they take us on in just a few short hours!   I last saw the show six years ago, and was delighted to see that while much remained the same - a few new acts had been added; which made it nice for a return visitor.
This is by far my favorite Cirque show! I have seen all but the Chris Angel one out in Vegas and some of the traveling shows.  If I had gone to the earlier show I would have gotten in line and gotten tickets to the next show, that how good this is. Try and get tickets in the front of the stage within the first 10 or so rows.  Keep your eyes open, there is so much going on, you can miss things. Can't wait to get back and see it again!!
This was my second Cirq show. 1st one I saw was in Vegas, KA, and I was amazed by it. This was one just as awesome but very different. Seats: Like all the other reviews say, not a bad seat in the house. I would actually recommend getting a seat in the back half as some of the acts (high rope - walking) and a lot of the acts are really high up so it's easier to take it all in without moving your head up and down. Plus, the acrobats come out to the middle aisle so you'd have to turn around to look at them. And when I say not a bad seat in the house, it's because the inside isn't that big so the furthest seat back is not that far back. Story: I tried to find a story line online before watching but couldn't really find it. After watching the show, I realized why. The set is in a "circus" where you have 2 clowns that come out through the show. The different "Acts" are different people doing various acts such as bike tricks, rope walking, balancing acts, etc. They would just come out and show case their talents and at the end, it ends with a huge show of trampoline jumpers which is very exciting to watch. My favorite was definitely the little girls doing their tricks and the ending (trampoline act). If you are in Orlando, you must go. Must must must. I'd recommend going to the 9pm showing if you are easily annoyed of kids. I was at the 6pm show and parents... why do you bring your babies to this? It was quite annoying with the several babies crying and parents having to get up in front of you to get out.
This show was outstanding!!!!!1!!1!!!!!! It was worth every penny to go to this show.  This was my first Cirque show I've been to.  All of the other shows I've seen from them have been on PBS and were interrupted every 20 minutes for "my donation".  This was a lot better then PBS.  A lot better.   I must go to more of these shows elsewhere, but if I'm in Disney again, I'd definitely go see this show again.
Amaze-Balls! We sat just a row from the stage. Not a bad seat in the house. Definitely a MUST see/do when visiting Orlando. Really awesome and it will leave you awestruck. All of the performers work hard and it shows. One bad part, if you sit on the side UNDERNEATH the trapeze, at the end you will end up with the chalk from their act all over you. Its NOT terrible, but a little annoying to get out of your clothing if youre wearing something dark. Otherwise, it was amazing...and I had chalk on  me! LOL
The vivid imagery, lighting and music make this is a fantastic show. It's great for all ages - from kids to grandparents and those of us in between. You are easily captivated by the artists as they perform unbelievable feats. The overall choreography is just amazing and there are so many different performances combined into the show it is too hard to pick a favorite. Although, the child acrobats, with their cuteness factor and exceptional skill, definitely earn a spot at the top of the list. This is a must do for residents and visitors alike!
This was my first time to a Cirque Du Soleil performance, and I must say.. this show was awesome. I loved the pre-show.. very interactive, funny, and cute. There's a perk to if you arrive early - you don't miss out on anything! If you sit in the front and center seats, you're more likely to be selected to be involved in the show. La Nouba is filled with fantastic acts performed with high energy, finesse, grace, and technique. These guys are pretty damn disciplined. The music was awesome, as it was actually performed live. Great job La Nouba crew! I want to see more.
I was fortunate enough to snag free tickets only a few rows away from the stage.  Thus, it'd be pretty tough for me to find something to complain about because the show was flawless.  The performers nailed each sequence and kept the audience in suspense.   I wish I had another set of eyes though so I could have captured everything that was occurring at once.   Regardless, it was worth the trip to Downtown Disney and had I paid for my ticket, I'm pretty sure I would have enjoyed it just as much. FYI--No intermission at the 6pm show.
fantastic show.  It's a must see when in Orlando.  I was in awe the entire time.  My first time here and I'm planning a return for next vacation.
It was my first time seeing any of their shows, and I have to say, each act had me on the edge of my seat. it was amazing,  and I would definitely watch it again. If you are ever in the area or they come to your neck of the woods, it's a must see! wonderful experience
It never fails to amaze me the quality of the performances with all the Cirque du Soleil shows.  This was the first time I saw La Nouba.  this was the first show i saw with some missed moves but that actually made it more real.  With the level of difficulty as high as it is, it's amazing there aren't more.   A truly spectacular show and worth every penny.
To be honest I expected a better show given this one is on Disney property. I have seen at least 6 other cirque du soleil shows and this one was probably one of the least exciting. The theater is nice though, huge in comparison to the traveling shows, and as always the snacks were ridiculously priced. I would personally skip this show and save your money for a nice dinner.
This is located in Downtown Disney @ Walt Disney World. I have seen a couple of Cirque du Soleil performances before. This one was as good as any of the others. From the moment the 2 clowns appear prior to the "official" beginning of the show until the same 2 clowns close the show, it never slows down. This show will also keep the children's attention as well. They may not be able to tell you what the plot was about, but heck, neither could I. A great location inside D.D. So much to do before and after the show. There really is not a bad seat in the house. We purchased category 3 section tickets. We spent $152 on a couple of tickets. The actors/performers come out into the audience. They were within three feet several times. Well worth the price. It is the cheapest non-traveling Cirque in the country.
Excellent spectacle ! I've seen the show 3 times and every time I go it feels like the first time!
Expensive, but worth it. Dozens of performers, large moving pieces, and constant activity on all parts of the stage. All of the other reviews describe the show well. It's a great show for both adults and children. I suggest giving yourself about 30 extra minutes than you normally would, as the parking/walking situation can be longer than you think. My wife and I thought taking the ferry would be faster than walking - we were wrong. It took nearly an hour to get from the Rainforest Cafe dock to the La Nouba dock with the ferry, where a walk could have taken 15-20 minutes. From that experience we learned that if you're late to the show, they will still let you in.
Saw the show..  I was never a big fan of these kind of shows, especially trapeze and high wire acts.  Same old same old.....  And those two parts of the show were dull.  But the rest of the show is really good.  The clowns are great and sometimes creepy (perfect).  The BMX stuff was neat, the rope act was good, the Diabolo act was great, and the trampoline act was AWESOME.  The ballerina was ballerining.   The flying beefcake on the curtains was odd... all I have to say.   There was a little kid behind me laughing at the clowns and even that was funny.  The music and singing are first rate. So we went because this show gets such high reviews and is number 1 on trip adviser....  And I think It was pretty good.  It's something to do when you have run out of things to do, anyway.
This was my first time seeing Cirque du Soleil and I was blown away. The whole performance was incredible. Everything was perfectly choreographed and I didn't see a single flaw in the whole show. I was expecting to see a few performers miss their cues or misstep when doing an acrobatic exercise, but this was not the case. One of my favorite performers were the little girls with the string and sticks (not sure how to describe). The girls couldn't have been any older than 8 years old and they had their routine down perfectly, throwing their things in the air, flipping several times and then catching it. The whole experience was mesmerizing. It was definitely worth the money. I highly recommend this!
My husband finally checked this show out thanks to a Living Social deal. I had heard mixed reviews but wanted to see for myself. Soo glad we went. The show was an amazing 90 minutes of breathtaking stunts including clowns, performers bicycling on a tightrope, trapeze artists and more!  I am still not exactly sure the connection between all the different performers in the show but either way, it made for a wonderful night out with my husband. The show is at the building on the West side of Downtown Disney and it was nice to have a parking lot with plentiful parking.  I highly recommend to tourists looking for something unique and "non Disney" to experience and to local residents looking to venture out. You won't be disappointed!
Great show!!! Worth the money.
Wow.  We saw this show about four years ago and thought since back in the area why not see it again.  They have some new acts and frankly we thought the show had improved, if that were even possible for we loved it before.  Have always loved the seating here as truthfully it's hard to have a bad seat in the house except maybe the front rows as you don't really grasp everything that is taking place above you and all around.  Sure, it's great for kids but if you're doing an adult night out at Disney this is one show you should catch.
La Nouba is out of this world.  It takes place around the old Pleasure Island in Downtown Disney and it's worth every single penny to see.  The acrobatic acts made me not want to blink my eyes at all during the show.  The talent of these performers is simply amazing.  I love how the circus characters went so well with the choreography music and music from start to finish.  We took advantage of the Florida Resident discount and we sat at the center stage level.  A must see if you are in the Orlando area.  Your imagination will definitely live it up!
i was drunk while watching this, and i must say.. freaked me out.. probably because there was soo much going on.. I didn't know want to focus on ... I don't know. Still, this was too awesome. if i could, I'd watch it again and again and again.. preferably not drunk.
Good show - though I was not blown away like i had been the first time I saw a Cirque show.  I definately recommend this one to any newtimers.  You will be blown away.
This past weekend was the third time I saw La Nouba and it still amazes me and catches my imagination.  It's funny, the first time I went to see La Nouba was with my family about 10 years ago.  I recall complaining to my parents, "I don't want to see a stupid circus" and now I have seen about a dozen Cirque du Soliel shows.
Cirque du Soleil never disappoints me. Their formula of amazing acrobats, eerie operatic music, gigantic sets, lots of energy with some comedy thrown in works for them. I also have a general feeling of "wtf is going on" when I watch their shows, but that's part of what makes it so enjoyable. You will always see something new, something breathtaking, something to hold your attention and not let it go. I was truly entertained and immersed in the experience from start to finish. And those little Asian girls with the spools were just too adorable! If you are in Orlando, you need to go see this!
As soon as it started, I couldn't wait for it to be over.  Plain and simple, the stuff they do is really cool but they ruin everything by mixing in all this artsy garbage like ballet, opera, interpretive dance, costumes and clowns.  All that just distracted me from the interesting things going on.  Perhaps I'm not cultured enough to appreciate this show, but I doubt the average person is.
If you are going to pick a seating, I would avoid the 100's section because you might get neck soreness from looking up or turning around ANY any front row in the 200's section because you are at the same level as the divider and the bar might obstruct your view.  except for the front section.  I sat in section 206, row HH, seats 1-3 and it was excellent!  As the seats move towards the back, they elevated about 1.5 feet so you'll have a good view unless the person in front of you is too tall.  (I'm 5 foot). As for the show, I thought it was sensory overload.  I was entertained throughout as things are happening all around.  The performs are so talented.  Bright, lively, and inspiring. Also for a tip, I went at the 9 pm showing because I read another review here saying that the earlier showing had too many kids and babies crying.  The 9 pm showing was mainly adults without little kids or carriages so I would definitely recommend this! Thanks yelpers!  Your reviews helped me enjoy my first Cirque show!
This show is phenomenal!  If you are in Orlando you should make the time to see this show!  There are things in this show that you will see no where else, it is truly a 'party'.  The music is amazing, performed live during every show.  It is a wonderful production, bravo!
first cirque du soleil I have been too, glad to say it was good very pricey but good, sat in middle rows dead center and whole show was entertaining, if you get there early the clowns that walk around just may single you out and have you hold or ask you to help by moving or carrying something then making a joke of it, several colors, several aerial maneuvers all fun to watch and ooh and awe at haha definitely a must see if in the area. price = ( expensive!!!!$$$
Wow, what a show!  No matter what, you have to see this show.  Whether you are visiting the attractions and are only here for a short period of time, or if you are a local and live in the Greater Central Florida area, you need to see this show.  It doesn't get any better than this.  The performers are some of the best in the world and your jaw will be dropped the entire time.  It never stops.  It's pure entertainment.  Good for groups, the family, friends, or dates.  We recommend checking out this show no matter who you are or what you do.  We can't wait to go back and see it again.  The wife's favorite performers were the little Asian girls and the four clowns dressed in white.  Mine was the juggler.  Every part of the show is cool.  Enough said.  Check it out.
I bought these tickets for my wife's Birthday, she loved it! I enjoyed it too, but didn't really get "it".
Disappointing.  This is very similar to your regular visiting circus.  Kids will enjoy, but I suggest to save your money and go to a local circus if you want to see one.  I've never been to other Cirque du Soleil shows, but have been to several acrobatics shows in NYC and musicals/theater, etc and for the money, I was expecting better quality and more innovative shows.     I've seen all the presentations in the regular circus and some even in the streets in NYC for "free".  years ago, I saw very similar acrobatics in Bush Gardens and they where included in the admission.
Great Show!!!  its my very first time going to a Cirque Du Soleil show and i was in aww its definitely worth going to see it live....   I love how the Stage moves and its just overall a great show.   cant wait to go see the other Cirque Du Soleil shows!!!!1
I've seen this production several times and each time, I'm filled with awe.  It never gets old and I really love the music.  The seating is around the stage so, there are some not so good/obstructed view seats.  Yet, even for last minute seats ($75.00), I got a really good view of the performance.  The tickets are a bit pricey, but worth it.  Plus, there are good dining options in downtown disney.
Surreal show. Very talented performers. Don't try to follow any sort of story. I don't think it has one.
Took my family to the show. It was our first time. The show was amazing. Bucket list checked off!
Best show ever! Seats are well spaced $125 level seats would be best! Make sure and visit the ticket booth and pick seats! Near the sound booth would be perfect. Lots happen above your head so towards the front of second level is perfect!
This is the fourth time that I've seen this show. It just keeps getting better. The images and wild acrobatics that you see are amazing. If you are looking for something to get your mind off of everyday life go check out this show.
My first ever Cirque Du Soleil, and it was great as compared to the typical Barnum & Bailey and Ringling Brothers circuses! La Nouba is based on a journey through the universe, where dreams and nightmares come to life. Just waiting until the show would start, two clowns entertained and interacted with the crowd, while people were filling the theater up. All seats in the theater seemed like great seats, though I would recommend getting a Category 2 seat. Category 1 might be too close to the stage, and you might get a cramped neck from looking up too much. Category 3 will allow you to see everything, though not as great as a view as a Category 2 seat, which is the perfect middle-ground for choosing a seat. From beginning to end, the acts were entertaining, beginning with each clown coming out to introduce themselves. Followed thereafter were acts in a wheel-like contraption, mountain bike/BMX stunts, Chinese Yo-Yo's, trapeze, red ribbon flying stunt, trampoline, high-wire, chair tower and not to forget the small skits by the two clowns between each act. All acts were real as sometimes you will catch the clown actors/stuntmen making some mistakes. The music/singing was also performed live and meshed very well with the acts. The food was also pretty cheap at the event, cheaper than what you would find at a movie theater. I would love to check out another Cirque Du Soleil event, but have not quite decided which one to check out. Definitely check Cirque Du Soleil out for a fresh take on the traditional circus acts.
Pretty awesome. I saw this one after I saw O in Vegas. I didn't think it was as good as O, and was definitely geared more towards kids, but still none-the-less pretty amazing. Lot's of acrobatics, and they had some bmx stuff too which was pretty awesome.
Brought my aunt and cousin here for a treat.  Great performance and very entertaining.
4.5 stars. I really enjoyed La Nouba the 2 times I have gone to see it: the first time in 1999 just after the show's opening and in 2005. Unlike some of their other shows in Vegas I have enjoyed (O, Mystere, Ka) this one carried a very childlike quality to it that everyone in the audience really gravitated towards. At the same time, it carried a very high quality of entertainment and was extremely fun to watch. I especially loved the Chinese girls that do the yo-yo acrobatics (I can't remember the actual toy name but it is very similar to a yo-yo), and the silk scarf acrobat guy.
I'm definitely a Cirque du Soleil fan - I've seen about a dozen different shows all over the country.  I saw this show a few years ago, so I'm creating this review off of memory.  I agree with Andrea A. on her review.  This show definitely felt more big-top than the other shows.  It didn't have that ethereal beauty that many of the CdS shows have and I felt that it was lacking in choreography.  I would still recommend this show to anyone who has never been to a CdS show, but for those who truly enjoy the typical CdS feel, this may be amiss.
This was my wife and my third Cirque du Soleil and was on par with 'O' which I think is still the most amazing show I have ever seen.  The fact that we get this caliber of show in Orlando is amazing.  Regardless if you are an adult or a child your mouth will remain on the floor.  The acrobatics and skills of all the performers will leave you speechless.  If you are a Florida resident you can also get cheaper tickets.  This is a must do if you live in Orlando.  Do not miss this show.
This show was absolutely incredible!  The music, the choreography and of course the stunts are all excellent.  The set design is very innovative as well.  A very good introduction to Cirque du Soleil.
I have seen three of the Cirque de Soleil shows and this is by far the best. As always it is hard to describe a Cirque de Soleil show but the highlights to me were the trampoline act and the Chinese girls who juggled. I think everyone in the audience had a great time that flew by. I was with a very high energy 6 year old who was glued to his seat with his mouth open in awe. I have seen the show twice and if possible it was even better recently.
My husband and I were fortunate to receive complimentary tickets to the show, courtesy of Yelp Culture Club. Thank you, Yelp! This was my third time seeing La Nouba, and my husband's second. I don't think I'll ever get tired of seeing this amazing show. The talent and precision of the performers is absolutely mind blowing. I also love the live music and beautiful singing; I love it so much that I bought the album on iTunes. Anyway, this show is never a disappointment, and I highly recommend seeing it ...again and again!
I liked it but it wasn't my favorite Cirque du Soleil I must admit. I wouldn't watch it again but I definitely recommend any Cirque du Soleil fiend to see this one at least once! This one is also more expensive (relatively) because it's located in Downtown Disney but worth at least one watch!
This was the first Cirque show for hubbie, and kids (7 & 10) and we loved it!  We got lucky with front row seats and it was awesome to watch everything so up close and personal.  The acrobatics was great and we thought the clown bits were hilarious.
I will admit its been a couple years since i went and saw this show, but it was so good it stuck w/ me. My best friend and i decided to come to Disney World for her bday. As we were hanging out in our hotel room there was pamphlet for La Nouba, I got so excited because i remember watching it on TV back at home. It was a lil pricey but SO worth every penny!! I saw things that i didn't even think could be done. Also they had a live orchestra band up top in a balcony, it was so much better then music coming from speakers. I'm now addicted to Cirque du Soleil and want to go to everyone i can!
I have been to many Cirque shows and this show is quality entertainment as usual. The little Chinese girls were the highlight for me.  The music was not up to par for me, but this show is definitely a must see if you are in Orlando.
Very great show! AMAZING! Very cute for a date night! They also have great deals & prices on tickets! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I love this show... I'm a fervent Cirque fan after watching La Nouba!! Don't miss it for the world!
The show is definitely much more of a circus type act.  It is amazing.  I'd never be able to do any of the things displayed in the show, but I suppose I just don't feel as if it compares to the Las Vegas Cirque du Soleil show.  It may be a sin and probably due to the fact that I went after a full day of amusement parks, but I actually fell asleep during part of the act-- I won't say which.  The trapeze artist also fell not once, but twice.  I know they're only human, but after paying quite a hefty bit, that's kind of disappointing.  If you've never been to any of the Cirque shows before, it'll probably be the best act you've ever seen, but having been to many of these sorts of shows, I wasn't left as awe-struck as I would have liked.
Absolutely fantastic experience.  While on my Orlando vacation my gf told me of her desire to see a Cirque du Soleil performance.  So i said what the heck and bought tickets for the next nights performance.  My purchase put us right in the front but off center from the stage where you could almost touch the performers (if allowed, lol).  The venue itself from the outside is very interesting and i didnt know exactly what to expect upon entering.  Once we sat at our seats and the show began my mind was blown at the performances put on by these entertainers.  Definitely nothing I have ever seen before!  You WILL be in awe at the talents of these performers and you will be absolutely satisfied with your purchase of tickets for this show, absolutely worth every penny!  I am excited to attend another future performance by Cirque du Soleil!
As a first Cirqure de Soleil experience it's nice.  For a Cirque fan- it's the most disappointing of all the shows.  Withoinly a couple of exceptions, the acts are more like a typical circus--trapeze, highwire, etc with the customary random bizarre characters walking around in weird costumes, not infrequently distracting from the main act, in the usual Cirque de Soeil fashion. If you are a Cirque connoisseur, miss this one. If you go, get the cheap $58 "obstructed" seats. There is nothing significant obstructed at all, seats are fine and are a steal as seats usually go for $120!!
My first time to Cirque du Soleil and I thought it was a great time.  I would recommend to anyone that has an appreciation for arts and performance.  A little on the expensive side, but I thought it was worth the cost.
Located in downtown Disney, at their home theater, this Cirque du Soleil show is great. Kids will love it. As with most Cirque shows, there is a comedy team,  the bald headed strong man and amazing dancers/gymnasts/acrobats. I have seen this show 3 times and loved it each time. Though I am ready for a new one, I would still suggest this to anyone who has not seen it. Tickets are a bit costly, but you are in a resort area and they are Cirque du Soleil.
I really enjoyed seeing this show! It's gorgeous, entertaining and over the top. These performers are so talented. We bought tickets on the spot while hanging around Downtown Disney. The stadium set up feels intimate! totally worth it.
There is no other show in Orlando that gives you incredible live music, amazing acrobatics, awe-inspiring athleticism, gorgeous modern and classical dancing - each evoking joy and wonderment .  It is a place to lose yourself in your imagination for 90 minutes.  There isn't a bad seat in the house.  Good for all ages.  This show is a gem, not to be missed.
An excellent Cirque du Soleil show at an excellent venue, specially designed so that there will be great views for everyone. Arrive early and enjoy the show.
Absolutely amazing!  I was in town for a charity event and some people recommended checking this out.  I can truly say I was in absolutely awe during this show.  Fun for all ages! Never knew some of this was possible! Will definitely be going back and recommending to others! Rod Ricciardi Find-A-Dream
saw this show a couple years ago while on vacation in Orlando (Disney world) even thou my husband and i have been to previous shows it was the first  time for my mom, daughter and son.  and what a way for them to be introduced to theater!!!  this was a beautiful show.  my family was in awe of the performers flexibility and stenema.  it was truly  a family show and like everything else in Disney it was be on the imagination!!! this show has been playing here to a full house nite after nite for a very long time and i am sure will continue to do so....  we like to think of it as more than a circus!!! even thou it is pricey (family of 5 was back then over $400 - I'm sure much much more now) it is definitely worth every $$$....
This is my 3rd Cirque show. The talent to cost was just not there for me. After seeing shows in Vegas this was like a short side show. Of course the talent was good but the 1 1/2 hour show was expensive considering we fell for the "gold" seats. Buy the cheapest seats as the farther away from the stage the better. It's like they just want to grab cash and let ya go. Sad I loved the Vegas shows!
One of my favorite Cirque du Soleil shows!  There is a lot going on at one time so you won't be bored!  It's in a smaller theater so any seat is probably good.  I was back about 10 rows and had a perfect view.  The spool threaders were my favorites in the show!
One of the most wonderful things I have ever seen.
This is a very good, entertaining show. I've seen a bunch of Cirque shows in Las Vegas, and I have a couple of favorites, but La Nouba  is still very good, and I'd definitely recommend it, espeially because it's high qualIty entertainment that adults would enjoy.
Just seen this show with my wife.  I would have to say it was visually stunning, and the performers were outstanding.  The crowd gave a standing ovation at the conclusion of the performance.  I will be giving tickets for Christmas presents so my whole family can enjoy.
