This is one of the best clubs. They have great price drinks during the day. A variety of different music. At night, you can reserve a table and tell them the number of people you'll be bringing. The staff are very friendly and very nice. The girls are beautiful and lots of fun!
So...this is my first strip club visit ever...and I am dedicating it as my 69th review. Hahahahahah I crack myself up sometimes. Just a note, as of now if you check in to yelp you get free admission in the club..granted girls get in for free, but for you guys out there you get to save $10 and use it for drinks or making it rain on the dancers. And ladies don't be shy, there is a good ratio of males to females so it won't be just a sausage fest lolol. Aside from the smokey smell of cigarettes, I actually had a blast! The only two downsides were: each girl rotates in shifts and basically do the same dance over and over as if they are a one trick pony, and I wished that the girls do more pole tricks rather than dry humping the pole or girl on girl action (only two did insane tricks on the pole)....I guess I need to go see cirque soleil rather than a strip club lol. Not sure if I will go back in a while, but the two dancers who did insane tricks on the pole really did inspired me to try pole dancing! You need a super strong core, and I applaud them for that. I guess that will happen at my bachelorette party or whenever a groupon pops up :).
Took the fiancée to her first strip joint and got her first dance. Dancer's Royale definitely exceeded my expectations. It was a fun night out.  When I heard about the laws here in Orlando, it turned me off. What's the point in a strip joint if the girls wear pasties? Honestly when it comes down to it, it really did not matter.  We all had a great time and we had a couple first timers with us so it was a good way to introduce them to the scene.  It was packed... probably due to the long weekend. The girls were all pretty good looking, but one of them really looked like she did not want to be there.  Felt kind of bad seeing her RBF (resting bitch face) as she was on stage.   I got the fiancee her first dance from a nice blondie who gave us a great show.  It was fun seeing the reaction from my fiancee.   Drinks were strong pours, so it was worth the price we paid.
Let me just start off by saying that I shall never give an Orlando "strip club" five stars. No contact whatsoever, air dances three feet away for $10, pasties galore, and not even any light touching by the dancers to customers at the tip rail? Not happening for such establishments in O-town. However, Dancers Royale does deserve four stars, and me being a strip club aficionado who originally hails from Rhode Island, where the strip clubs are full nude AND full liquor is saying a helluva lot. I understand why the Orlando laws are in place; it's a tourist town, yes, but a bulk of those tourists are families with small children. Having two young sons of my own, I completely understand why they would have these strict laws in place. The city is run by Mickey Mouse and this means it is trying to cater to a more family friendly environment. Fine. But if one Orlando resident is not hard pressed for time, as in, if the night is still young and the said individual has money to spend, they go to Tampa, Daytona, or brave the horrific tolls of route 528 to go to the Space Coast to have some adult-style fun. Each is roughly an hour-1 hour, 15 mins. away mind you, and most people do this. However if the Orlando resident is not in the mood to travel, wants to go someplace with a nice, "Cheers" style environment with breasts (as others have called it, which is highly accurate I may add), and does not mind a tamer, but still very fun evening out, they come here. I have so far been to four strip clubs in Orlando, three on the OBT, and this one. The ones on the OBT are pretty awful, though I have not been to Thee Dollhouse yet. However, I have been to three others that were very much lacking in the entertainment department. The difference between those clubs and DR is the fact that the OBT clubs are not only kinda sleazy, therefore attracting sleazy clientele (it is in a sketchy part of town, after all) but the quality of girls are very poor, in my opinion. If you have a club in Orlando that has strict as hell laws, you should at least have women so blazingly hot that you may convince yourself they are from another time-space continuum. Dancers Royale, although obviously having to comply to Orlando's laws, at least has a great atmosphere, cheap drinks, attentive staff, and HOT girls. I'd have to say 8 out of 10 of the ones we saw on our night we went were hot enough for me to pay $10 for them to shake their asses three feet away from me. The club itself is small, and it was PACKED when we went, which was during the week...I bet it's standing room only on weekends, that is how packed it gets. We were lucky to actually get a seat at the tip rail. DR has one stage in the center, with a small VIP rail in the back of it that has several tables and it roped off. I assume these are areas that are reserved for parties and such, and this too was packed and provided those guests with bottle service. There are tables and chairs spread about the club, and two bars: one when you first walk in, and another to the back, and to the left of the stage. The place is clean and much classier than the dives on the OBT (though it is stated in my recent review of Stars the atmosphere is pretty good, DR is better still in the classy department), not as expensive, and apparently have great drink specials, and a service industry night (SIN Sundays). The clientele is mixed, and have more females in them than the OBT clubs (actually I think I was the only female in the crowd over on the OBT, come to think of it), and they all were having a helluva great time. The dancers and customers alike just seem to enjoy it here, everyone was smiling and laughing it up, and of course this was a plus. I even did end up getting a dance from a lovely goth girl, and even though she was a few miles away from me, she was so hot I didn't care at all. Let it also be said there did not appear to be any food here, but c'mon...I don't go to these places for chicken cordon bleu and baked Alaska, in fact I don't like the idea of adult clubs having a full menu...I think it financially hurts the dancers, to be honest. So that's another little one up they have from me! The only thing I don't like about this establishment is the music. Three hours of blaring techno music was rather irritating, but again, the hotness of the ladies does take your mind off of it. Also, it is Orlando...and I don't need to go into detail yet again about the laws, but alas, that plays a part in my giving this place 4, rather than 5, stars. However, like I said, because of such laws, I won't give any Orlando club 5 stars, therefore 4 stars is the highest it gets for me in this city. So if you are a tourist in Orlando and have a busy schedule for your holiday, or a nearby resident and don't have a helluva (I like this word, me thinks) lot of time to kill or money to spend to go all the way to Tampa  or Daytona for some grade A debauchery, but HAVE to have a sliver of the adult entertainment pie, come here.
I don't go to strip clubs often, but when I do, I go to Dancers Royale. Now granted I've only been to two gentlemen's clubs in my life (the other one I've been to was on OBT...) this one is by far the better one. I've gone here a couple of times with my [male and female] friends and the boyfriend, and I have a blast each time that I go. It's a lot of fun, busy, and interesting. The female restroom is a bit awkward because it's located in the dancer's dressing room. But it's fun listening in to the girls' conversations and seeing the girls get ready. I like going to Dancers because there is always a mixture of males and females there so I don't feel uncomfortable. The dancers aren't pushy and they're all really pretty hot. Females get in for free and so do LEO's (those who protect and serve need to have fun also!) They do have special events that I've been to- they had a zombie strippers night where all the girls were body painted like zombies. haha it was awesome! Fun times, fun girls! girls girls girls!
Now before you go judging, I thought this place was a happening dance club.  Oh hell who am I kidding.  I knew that this place was a "gentlemen's club"  My friends and I use to visit this place every once in awhile.  Each time was just as enjoyable as the last.   In my opinion this place is as good as you are going to get in Orlando.  Since they put so many restrictions on what the dancer's can or can't do.  But hey when a stripper hands you lemons half naked you make lemonade. I agree with Vaughn B.  This place is good for at least a couple of head turners.  Although I feel that the best time to go is on Monday.  My friends and I went and it was $50 bottle night and we split it amongst like 7 or 8 people.  It was awesome.  Plus all the girls working there were pretty hot.  One of the reasons why I like this place is that the girls are not pushy.  If you don't want a dance a simple no will do without any pressure.   So stop on by to Orlando's best gentlemen's club.  I am sure you will have a good time or at least walk away with some stories.  Also try to bring some women with you.  For some reason the strippers love it when you do.  One last tip is to make sure you ask for some free entrance cards before you leave.
This place never ceases to amaze me. From the Affordable Valet ($10 and Free entry), incredibly affordable drinks and bottle specials to the impeccable staff and entertainers. The music is current and has matching videos on 7 large screens that also play sports when something worth watching is on. This place truly is your neighborhood bar that just happens to have an adult license. I bring all my clients and friends here, both male and female, and never have to worry about anything thinking this place is less than a 5 star establishment. The sound later on at night does get to be loud, but its not distorted, so no worries about getting a headache.
Even if there wasn't a stage, a pole, and half-naked girls walking around, I'd go here for the staff. During the day, the servers and bartenders are friendly and engaging, and at night, when it's not so packed that you can't even walk, so are all of the night staff. There are a few obnoxious/creepy people there, but I don't think there's a strip club in the world that doesn't have those. The dancers are either friendly and talkative, focused on doing nothing other than making money, or terrible people. So it's a roll of the stripper dice - you never know which girls you'll get. If you get the friendly ones, great. If you don't, you might not have the best time. Daytime drink prices are very cheap - $4.50 for most mixed drinks, $3.00 shots most of the time. I'd recommend it for anyone who just wants to have some fun and doesn't mind a little risque in their day.
I'll start this off with the disclaimer that I am not in anyway shape or form a strip club expert. I'm not even entirely sure why I was there. But it was clean, though the restroom situation is awkward for women as we share it with the dancers. And it was a really small establishment, really small. The serving staff is friendly, and the drinks are poured to be strong. I guess if you're into strip clubs this is worth checking out, but I don't have much to compare it to.
I want to get a job their ... Wonder what you have to do In order to become a cocktail waitress
Former home away from home while I was living in Orlando several years ago. Sunday is my favorite day as they have free BBQ and it's a pretty relaxed sort of deal. The girls here are all pretty personable and usually there's at least a couple of real head turners no matter what shift is on. I'm sure that I will be back again....and again..
If Cheers was ever a strip club, this us the place. No pressure, couples welcome, they always remember you.
