Why do reviewers keep saying SAK is 'family friendly humor'? Pretty much every joke in their Saturday shows involves either political incorrectness or raunchy humor. The good kind of politically incorrect and raunchy humor, of course. Very How I Met Your Mother-eque. That actually makes sense, since Wayne Brady (who plays James on How I Met Your Mother) is a SAK alumnus. SAK has shows Tuesday-Satuday and they have a variety of different kinds of shows. The shows cost between $5-$15 and there are discounts for Florida residents, students, military, and seniors; and on top of any of those discounts (or, alternatively, if you don't qualify for any of those), you can get an additional discount for parking at the Plaza Cinema Garage parking deck. The theatre and bar is intimate and classy, but everyone (thankfully) dresses casually (some business casual, some outright country bumpkins). By the way, spotless bathrooms. On Fridays they even have an acclaimed live scripted sitcom called Better Days, which they describe as Cheers meets How I Met Your Mother. I can't wait to see that! What, then, have I seen? THE EARLY SHOW: Need to break the monotony of clubbing and bar hopping? Saturdays at 11:30 PM you can catch The Early Show. It's one continuous improv, so there's repeated jokes and dead time, but it's still humorous and all the absurd storylines wrap-up at the end. If you get bored, you can buy a drink at the bar and take it into the theatre. Then you can laugh with the rest of us and cease to be 'that guy'/a Debbie Downer. For the rest of our sakes, don't be 'that guy.' (Everyone was enjoying themselves, however.) THE DUEL OF FOOLS: This is SAK's signature show and runs Thursday-Saturday. It's a fast-paced audience participation show where the troop plays a series of improv games. If you make arrangements in advance, you can even get the actors to write a rehearsed musical about your spouse, friend, relative, etc. for his/her anniversary, birthday, etc. The musicals evidently last about 10-15 minutes and they are based on both the information you provide about the person (in advance) and anything the person says about him/herself when the actors pull him/her onto the stage. I watched one about a Jewish teenager that calls his friends "The Jew Crew" (so the actors named his imaginary car "The Jewmobile"), likes to freestyle rap, and loves randomly scaring people and randomly headbutting people while yelling, "Rhinocerous ram!" Absolute gold!
I've been wanting to check out a comedy club for a long time and happened to stumble upon this place on a recent trip to Orlando so decided to give it a shot. When we walked in, realized the tickets were only $12 (which I think is pretty inexpensive in comparison to other clubs) and there were lots of kids and families entering so we were a little hesitant as to what we were getting ourselves into, but we got our tickets and went in anyway. They do offer a snack bar that also offers adult beverages (Shocktop bottles, score!) and your typical movie theatre fare. After we got drinks we went in to find some seats. The chairs were filling up quickly but luckily we found 2 seats and the show begi=an shortly after. During the first few minutes, I wasn't finding anything particularly funny and it seemed like it was going to be humor all aimed at kids, but after a few minute warm up, they turned up the funny quite a few notches! The show we saw was basically an improv type set up with many different comedians on stage interacting with each other, I definitely got a good laugh and thought it was worth the money by the end. Fun family friendly place if you are looking for something different to do besides the same old movies, dinner, etc!
The shows are consistently good and the classes are awesome (thanks Adam!)
I am always upset by this place... The past few shows I have gone have had such low attendance!!! It's such a great place to go in downtown and not get raped, and have fun. I usually go with my cheap / poor friends on hospitality / college night (Thursdays), and always have fun there. Lets start the review from the decor, the stage area / auditorium (if you want to call it that), has the feel of a college stage area, it's not overly pretentious in decorations, and it doesn't look too run down. To some that may be a turn off, but to me it gives Sak more character, it says "hey! look at us, we don't need leather chairs, and wine bars to make you feel poor" it actually says "hey! look at us, and not at our chairs..." The staff at Sak is always overly friendly, and very kind when they validate my parking, so I don't have to pay $15 dollars to park. The cast also is great, very funny, and you can definitely tell they have great chemistry as their improv is always great. Also, I love that they'll wave you goodbye and thank you for coming in the hallway after the show is done. My only wish is that it should be a little bit more raunchier. :(
SAK has been around since the 90's when Wayne Brady performed there. The shows are consistently good and the place is busy with tons of people on Fridays and Saturdays. If you like improv comedy, this is the place to be in Orlando.
This place may have been the highlight on my vacation! I've always been an off the beaten track kind of guy and this is right in my wheelhouse. I will put the level of improve I saw here up again even Whose Line.  Laughed until I was sore. I'm sure I lost about three pounds due to sheer hilarity. Pair it with a dinner and you've got the makings for one helluva date. (In Levar Burton voice) but don't just take my word for it
Loved this place! My husband and I decided to spend a day downtown and do some of the touristy things locals usually avoid.  We ended our night at Sak Comedy Lab, and we were both pleasantly surprised. The location of this place is great. It is right in the middle of everything downtown. We were able to get drinks and dinner before the show. Also the price is great! It was only $24.00 for both of us. I heard that it is even cheaper during the weekday. As for the show, we went to the one where two teams compete against each other. It was all improve, and they really get the audience involved. In fact, they get all the ideas for the skits from different audience members. They also get the crowd involved in the show by pulling them up on stage. My husband got picked, and he loved it! This is a great date night activity. We will be back.
So Fun! I completely agree with Rayni K "If I'm in need of a good laugh that doesn't involve excessively dirty jokes, or stupid humor that makes me lose a few brain cells." This place always has me leaving with a tummy hurting from too much laughing. "Duel of Fools" is the show I have seen most and it's awesome. I love how they play off the audience and get people involved. Some parts are obviously going to be slow but that just makes the funny moments even more awesome! I just checked out the new digs Friday night. They moved from next to the Amway Arena into the 2nd floor of City Arts factory.  It's not at theater-esque to me but it's snazzy. Not as intimate of a "playhouse" feeling as the old venue but very nice. I would def suggest checking this place out.  It makes for a super fun date night, friends night or even company outing.  Don't miss out, go have some laughs!!
Had the pleasure of coming here a few weeks back for a friend's birthday. I have been to my share of stand-up comedy clubs but never to a true Improv show such as this. It is a much different experience and I'm sure it varies greatly depending on which members of the group are preforming and just how the night goes since nothing is scripted. There is a concession stand outside the theater which I will not comment any further on since I had no interaction but I do know they sell beer. The theater itself is akin to a small and outdated high school auditorium although I will say that the small size of the venue adds to the experience. Overall I was satisfied. Had some good laughs with good friends and I may come back but I feel as if this is not a place that will become a regular thing.  Although not exactly the same thing, I would prefer to see a stand-up comedy show at the Orlando Improv. If you have never been to an Improv type comedy show, check it out. INSIDER TIP: At the time I went they had an active Yelp deal which reduced my ticket to $10 from $15 when I showed that I had checked in (only good on Friday and Saturday) The woman at the counter had no clue what Yelp was and was unaware of the deal but honored it nonetheless. INSIDER TIP: Park in the parking garage behind the movie theater on S Court Ave and they will validate for you
If I'm in need of a good laugh that doesn't involve excessively dirty jokes, or stupid humor that makes me lose a few brain cells, I go to SAK. I've gone to Duel of Fools 4 or 5 times, and even though a couple of them weren't as funny as I was hoping, I was still very entertained at the end of the evening. I've also gone to their Lab Rats show (Tuesdays @ 9PM), where their students get to show what they've learned and I must say, for $2 and amateurs, I was pretty impressed. The school must be pretty darn good! The new location at City Arts Factory is a bit of a step down for me, but at the same time, I can see how it's better for them. I prefer the seats and set up of the old place, but the new place allows for a bigger audience, and parking is cheaper. Just make sure you validate if you park at the Plaza parking garage. It's not easy to keep comedy clean; it's so much easier to go south and amuse people with the dirty, so I must applaud them in their efforts.
My wife signed me up for Comedy classes for my 41st Birthday at SAK.  I had my first class and it was really a blast.  After a few minutes Adam had us from being nervous to all of us feeling relaxed and letting loose. They have a nice venue and have basic concessions with beer and wine. I look forward to seeing a show really soon.
I really want to like SAK. Really. This is why I keep going back despite the fact that it's really not that funny. I've been to the "Duel of Fools" improv shows on four occasions. For the most part the cast (a group of 6) rotates. Despite the rotation, the show never really picks up steam. Maybe I'm not meant for clean comedy. George Carlin and Doug Stanhope are my favorite comedians, after all, and I haven't been to a PG movie since I was a wee lass. Cussing is prohibited here and the jokes never concern sex or politics, so what you're left with is "How many times can we rhyme the word 'Beth?'" You can pay the comedians to make fun of a family member, and an entire skit will revolve around this person that only a few people in the audience know. This skit is always a major failure and goes on for too long. I understand improv is hard and I give kudos to the cast, but sometimes they get some major stooges in there who flub the entire production. I really hate to give this a bad review because Orlando is such a cesspool lacking culture, but it's hard to justify paying $12 (plus parking) for a commonly bland show.
This place was cool! It was nice to do something different on a Saturday night! You can buy beer there which I greatly appreciate and the shows change nightly! Highly recommend for a group of people!
Beyond awesome!  I LOVE this place.  Thursday, Friday, and Saturday are the professional shows, and Tuesday and Wednesday have student shows that are also great (and CHEAP!). If you like the show Whose Line Is It Anyway, you'll love SAK.  It's the same format.  In fact, Wayne Brody used to play at SAK. This is the perfect place to take an out-of-towner so they can get a bit of local Orlando flavor. BTW, if you park in the Plaza parking Garage, they validate so you only pay $4 for parking.
Stop drunkenly wandering by this place while slurring to your friends you want to go one day. I had so much fun once I finally checked out a show and I'm not exaggerating when I say I laughed the entire time. The first show I went to featured up-and-coming performers and only costs $5 a person. There are shows featuring the veterans as well but you'll have a blast no matter which one you see. Oh and they sell beer and wine, done deal.
Went to the 930 Friday night show and had a blast. The four performers were great. Excellent entertaining improv in an intimate setting. You seat yourself, so suggest an early arrival. There are snacks and drinks including a mediocre beer selection. The show lasts about 75 minutes and is just a great value. Tip: their affiliated parking garage sucks. Just park wherever you want and pay the going rate, you'll be happy you did so.
SAK has consistently offered some of the best improv in the country for years.  I have yet to find a more talented group of improv performers, unless you count the SAKtors who moved to LA and formed a group.  You've seen SAK alumni on TV, in film, and on stage--even as the voices of some of your favorite cartoon characters.   I recall nights when my face hurt from smiling and laughing so much.   Some of the veterans are still there and keep training the next generation of comedy.  For those with little frame of reference for improv, try this: this was the training ground for Wayne Brady.  And there are so many more talented folks like him at SAK. What's wrong with SAK?  They've ruined my improv experience elsewhere.  Nothing else measures up!
SO FUNNY! Worth every penny!
Sak has been a staple in downtown Orlando for many years. I haven't been there in probably about 8 years and the last time I was there was when they were in their old location. My husband surprised me and took me here tonight. Let me just say I laughed so hard and loud my throat is killing me now! It was a packed house tonight and it was just as funny as ever. I can't wait to go back. This is a must see attraction that you don't want to miss because it's different every show. I love how interactive they are with the audience too, it makes it even better. Tonight they had audience members texting phrases or words live to the actors on the stage as they were acting it out. They used 3 of my texts and 2 of my husbands. So fun! If you're looking for good, CLEAN fun look no further. You could even bring your kids. Bring cash for the concession stand because there is a $5 minimum on debit cards. Looking forward to my next night of improv. Also they give FL resident discounts. If you need a laugh you know where to go!
Just left the Friday night Gorillas Show.  We are visiting the Orlando area and my son and husband love improv comedy so I thought this would be fun to do...and I was right!  We all had a great time.  Directions on the website were perfect for parking, and it was a breeze to find the club.  The show itself had a lot of great moments and was definitely appropriate for families (although I think older teens would enjoy it mainly).  It was a Friday night 9:30 show and the crowd was mainly comprised of couples.  Go!  You will be happy that you did!
This place is a lot like a movie theater it has concession stand where you could purchase drinks and pop corn... We went to the 9 30 show. It started on time. I enjoyed the whole show it was funny, understandable.. the audio was great the background music as well the comedians were excellent. I am actually looking forward to going back to this place.
We went to the "Yule of Fools" show after Christmas and had several good laughs.  I believe that the staff members are volunteer...the chic at the desk was super nice...the individuals manning the concession stand wanted to be elsewhere and it showed.  If I'm not mistaken, there is a $5 minimum at the concession stand if you want to use your debit card. Con- No bar, If  you want a cocktail you need to get it before or after the show. Pro- No bar, so you can bring the whole family. Overall we enjoyed it and will go back soon! P.S.  If you can't think of what to get your friend or family member for their birthday, wedding, graduation or Easter , call and pay to have a segment of the show based around your loved one.  They'll never forget it!
My 17 year old niece was visiting Orlando and I thought this might be a fun activity. I haven't been to SAK in years, I mean serious years, and my recollection of the show was a bit fuzzy to say the least. But, I do know they strive to provide wholesome, kid-appropriate, comedy and they have a new venue located in the heart of downtown. I attended a Thursday show at 9:30 and as far as taking a teen out for the evening, this was perfect. She was able to see a slice of downtown nightlife, do a little people watching, eat pizza at a dirty downtown joint and see an entertaining show. The show, by the way, was almost free. On the website, tickets for two were listed as $30 - between our Florida resident status and her student discount, the grand total was $17. So, for about the price of a movie, we got to see something different and interesting. The seats are a little uncomfortable but I think they try to make up for that fact by providing you with mass amounts of tootsie rolls (these are thrown at you before the show - I am still picking them out of my purse). I have to say, I've read some reviews complaining about the show, but keep in mind, if you want to see Jim Gaffigan or Chelsea Handler, you have to pay JG and CH prices - $17 will get you about 15 minutes of a high caliber comedian's act. You also take your chances on how the players interact with each other and I am sure a lot of other conditions, like audience participation, factor into whether or not it's a good time. My niece really had a great time and even got to participate in the show, as a judge. I'm glad I took her to a show later in the week, when the more seasoned cast members perform. The players we saw that night were really on their game and even worked in a proposal from an audience member. A really long proposal from an audience member, but the players were really great about it.
It's funny how different this comedy show is from another one down on I-Drive (that I also like). The humor is family appropriate and you can participate in choosing the skits and themes and so on. The humor is really cute and creative and I laugh SO hard when I go. If you haven't been you have to try it. The price is fair. I think it's about $15 a show during the week and their cast changes nightly. I like the different personalities and how the show is never the same because we as the audience give them their subject matter. They do have concessions with sodas, candy but no alcohol. So if you want a buzz, do it beforehand. Try it out a couple different nights a week to get a grasp of how they do things. It's a great great place to bring the family or to bring a date ... stepping outside of the whole dinner and a movie thing. Definitely a FABULOUS comedy club.
Wow!  I can't believe this show gets good reviews.  It is NOT funny at all.  I love improv comedy and I guess since I live in Chicago, I've just been spoiled by seeing really great improv (Second City, Improv Olympics, Too Much Light..., etc).  This show is not worth paying for at all!   One thing that struck me is that the performers are all men.  It made for a really odd dynamic.  The performers were also dressed really poorly, like they had just stopped in after helping a friend move.   The "comedy" was awful.  I barely cracked a smile the whole show.  The worst part was when they did a "paid skit" about a member of the audience who was celebrating his birthday.  It was only slightly funny because the guy was so odd.  It was very awkward for the rest of the audience who didn't know this guy though. I also found it pretty lame that they charge Orlando residents $12 and non-residents $15.  They should have paid me for sitting through this pathetic show.
I've taken classes here and been to many shows. My girlfriend and I have really taken an interest in improv and this is the best place in town to find it.  The staff is always friendly and the humor is almost always clean. In the off case scenario that an improviser or audience member gets raunchy they have to wear the disgusting 'scum' box.
I went for their Valentine's Day show.  They had a special: 2 tickets, 2 popcorns, 2 drinks for $25. Definitely worth it.  Each show is improvised so it's different every time.  This particular show made a joke about Friends (my all time favorite tv show) and gave a shout out to Yelp.  How could I not enjoy the show? There is a brief 5 minute intermission.  My advice to the ladies, move as quickly as possibly to the restrooms should you need it.  There are only three stalls and one was out of service the night I was there.  It was actually funny watching all the guys waiting for their girlfriends to get out of the bathroom before going back into the show. Watch out for unexpected audience participation.  They can pick anyone, seating doesn't matter.  Good luck. Have fun and play along if you get picked.  It's really lame when people aren't good sports about it.
I have to say this was the most fun I had my entire trip. I got there in a pretty crappy mood but the performers were so talented that I couldn't help laughing my @ss off. Good family friendly entertainment where you get pelted with tootsie rolls at the beginning of the show. I will definately go again if/when I am in the area again.
My fiance and I came here on Valentines day and had a blast. The improv actors were so funny! and I appreciated that they keep the humor family friendly (not that any kids were in the audience). The host was adorable and the whole feel of the auditorium was pretty intimate. I think with all improv shows you get the people who think they are so funny yelling out silly answers (but they really arent funny at all). In spite of them, the actors pulled of a great and very entertaining show. We will def be going back.
I've been to Sak twice now and feel like I have a firm grasp on what they have to offer.  The performers here are undoubtedly talented.  They have the uncanny ability to turn nothing into something very quickly.  Their inexplicable smiling and zany antics can be as infectious as it is goofy.  Goofy is a good way to explain this type of performance.  Don't expect Jerry Seinfeld quality comedy here.  It's going to be simple humor, nutty, and at times...predictable.  It is a fun way to spend an evening, however.  In the first act on both occasions, I was scarcely smiling.  But, by the 2nd act, they do have me giggling a little bit--but never a powerful laugh out loud situation.  The price is not right, though.  It's $12 and non-refundable.  My friend felt sick and needed to go home, but was unable to get a refund half an hour before the show even started.  I feel that their price should roughly match a movie ticket.  If I can pay $8.50 to see 2 hours of what could potentially be a truly laugh out loud situation at a movie theater, why pay $12 to see 1 and a half hours of a giggling/silly situation at Sak? The theatre space is great.  The air conditioning is at a perfect level.  They offer snacks and drinks.  It was also family-friendly with only a few brief allusions to slightly dirtier situations.  They call it "PG-13 type humor."
Awesome! Fun, really inexpensive ($7 for Florida residents.) this is a great start to a night downtown or as the main event. Funny cast! :)
This was a nice date night.  Clean humor is greatly appreciated and the fact that they serve refreshments, have an intermission and you can even go to the 2nd show (that same night) if you want to come back, for free.  It's different than the first show.  It's improvisation at it's local best. It's a nice alternative to the nightclub scene, and you can always go to one afterwards if you really want to. Ideal location and plenty to do around this area.
Laughed so hard my face was hurting by the end of the night!  Wonderful entertainment and the best part is that it's family-friendly.  No foul language, no raunchy humor.  These folks are TALENTED!  Have been twice and loved it both times.  Will definitely go again.
Never disappointed when I go here! Hilarious, yummy snacks, friendly staff. Great for dates, girls night or any occassion really
Descent comedy club conveniently located downtown. Bumped into the place and walked in for a show. Unfortunately it's kind of pg-13, at least for the show I went to. Would like to see something a bit more mature. Tickets were inexpensive and the show overall was great.
Wow a for effort f for funny... and I mean that in the "wow not at all funny" kinda way. I will say one of the improv actors has a lot of potential. But only one... they need to spice up the sketch style, cast, and dj. All in all... worth $3 bit that's it.
This was my first time going to a comedy show & it was vert entertaining. I found that the guys on stage played off each other very well.
I love Improv, I take classes here and am in awe of the near geniuses who perform here.
Disclaimer: I used to be an employee of SAK as their Front of House manager from 2006 to 2007. Now I perform there once a month on Tuesday nights. Regardless of the above disclaimer I want to convey to you how awesome SAK is. It brings spontaneity and family friendly (99% of the time) comedy to you at a fraction of the cost that shows like this normally cost. If you travel to any other big city you'll find improv theatres but here are two things which set SAK apart: 1) It serves NO alcohol. Now this is a big problem for some people. As house manager I was shocked by how many people left when they found out they couldn't have a beer or a martini. Apparently some people need alcohol to enjoy comedy, that makes me sad. But for those who are seeking a wholesome environment to take their kids out, not the library or a G rated movie, SAK is a place sure to please and to be memorable for the entire family. 2) It's larger than most any other improv club. Normally these places seat 40-60 people max. SAK seats just over 200 people. This provides an environment and level of energy few other improv clubs can promise. The audience really does feed the performers and the bigger the audience the more fun it is! Now there are two things to caveat: 1) Parking can be a major pain. The club is attached to a parking garage which SAK doesn't control, so they do their best to work and survive. It's a fight sometimes when there's a Magic game and something at the Bob Carr. When you call SAK the employees are aware of parking situations and if you ask they can happily direct you where to park or to give you advice on how early to arrive. 2) It's improv, some shows fall flat. In Improv they do things on the spot and since it isn't rehearsed, sometimes what they do doesn't work. I BEG you to give SAK two tries. If you go two different times and don't enjoy both times then I freely admit that improv comedy may be not your cup of tea, but otherwise you have to give it a chance. Improv comedy is something I've watched and been a part of for over ten years. And SAK Comedy Lab is closely attached to the heart of entertainment in Orlando. It helped give birth to the Orlando Fringe festival, one of the largest and longest running Fringe festivals in the world. I can't speak highly enough of SAK as a night out for the family, the couple on a date, or the individual. You'll go. You'll laugh. You'll wonder how you enjoyed life without it.
I came her awhile ago and I do remember how "corny" they were. Some smiles and a couple "ha" (just one simple ha) and that's all they got from me. They need to work on their comedy skills and a good writer. But they get a couple stars for being so affordable.
I went on vacation with a Groupon I bought, and this place totally blew my mind! When I read "family friendly humor", I won't lie, it was a bit of a turnoff. However, when I went(it was dueling comedians), each team was really funny and fast-thinking. I had such a great time! I'm definitely coming back next time I go to Orlando.
While on vacation in the Orlando area, we happened to find Sak's Comedy Lab online. On this Tuesday, they had an improv show/competition of up-and-comers. We had a blast. The place is fun, the concession stand had a nice selection, and the performers were wonderful. We laughed and cheered.
I've always wanted to go to a comedy club and decided that Saks would be a good first choice. My girlfriend and I were a bit nervous but to our surprise Saks had a very welcoming energy. Everyone was super friendly and the tickets weren't that pricey either. I went on stand up night I believe so the jokes were hit and miss, but overall we had a pretty good new experience.
FUN! FUN! FUNNY! This place is great. I love improv and theatre and I had a great time. We went on a Thursday for "Duel of Fools" and I laughed so hard I was crying at times. The show will be different every time you see it because they have the audience participate to give suggestions on what topics and objects they need to incorporate into their impromtu-skit. They also pick 3 audience members to give a score for each skit they do. I volunteered for one of the skits and ended up playing the "arms" of the actor. I stood behind him, his arms were behind me and my arms were his for the skit. I had to give hand gestures while he was performing for the audience.People laughed and I had a great time. The concession stand is like the movie theater but do have some choices for alcohol, such as wine, beer, and cider. It's a small local community theatre. You offer improv classes to learn the art of improv and perform in their shows. Will definitely be returning a lot because it was awesome and to support local theatre.
I've taken my child to this show many times and it never fails to entertain.  No two shows are alike.  The performers are brilliant and the staff members are friendly.  Many go for date nights, but the 7:00/7:30 PM shows are also children friendly, which is great news for parents tired activities that really only appeal to children.  (How many times can you see Frozen?)  The "keeping it clean" also makes it appropriate for corporate and professional functions...   It's good to laugh with your boss, but not if the guys on stage are all drunk and cussing... For special events (birthdays etc), you can even order customized skits for the person you are trying to honor (or make fun of)...  A live show at the price of a movie, it's really great entertainment value!
Definitely a must see! It has been my funniest night of 2014 thus far! The cast was great and it's honestly impressive to see how talented and creative these people are one the spot! Planning to go many more times in the future and perhaps even take a class! P.S. Make sure you park in the Plaza!
Normally, this place would never be my type of thing, but the movie my friend and I wanted to see sold out downtown. We were walking down Orange and stumbled upon a line for this place- it being about the same price (12 dollars for an adult ) we decided to give it a try. Well, fate would have it that this place was a lot of fun!!! Impromptu comedy with audience participation ( think "Who's line is it anyways") made for random clean fun!  Concession stand with soft drinks, beer/wine and some snacks. Stadium seating in theater with quite a bit of space. They do a short intermission in the middle of show and also did a ticket giveaway ( I consequently won!). This place is great for all ages - especially a little older kids. The show lasted about and hour and a half and they have several different shows and time slots all throughout the week. This place would be great for a date! Recommend!
I've been coming to SAK for over twenty years.  Never had a bad time.  Good CLEAN on the spot improvisation.  Duel of Fools pits two teams against each other with crazy subjects suggested by the audience.  You will be amazed on how spontaneous the comedians are, performing skits and songs.  They all seem to love what they're doing and you'll laugh until you cry!  A concession that serves wine and beer, popcorn, etc. is available.  Florida resident tickets are $12 bucks.  Discounted parking available at the Plaza garage.  The place doubles as school for improv on weekdays.
This place is awesome if you enjoy (or imagine you would enjoy) improv performances. I've been here on several occasions, both on dates and in groups of friends. They rely heavily on audience participation so there's a good chance what you recommend might make it into the show. There are different specials on different nights, but the most you'll ever spend as a Florida resident is $12 per ticket.. They have a snack and drink bar before entering the show so you can get some popcorn, wine or beer at a not-so-bad price. If you're lucky, you might even be able to find a good Groupon deal to make the outting an even sweeter deal..
Love this place. Must have been here at least 30 times as a paying customer and even more as a volunteer. Awesome place. Hilarious, great for dates, great for singles, great for birthdays, great for anything. I love these guys.
Really enjoyed going, had a lot of fun. Much better date night than a movie, and it probably came out cheaper. The concession prices were not so bad either. The show was unique and we laughed the whole time there, on the way home, all night and the next day too. My girlfriend and I will be back again.
I've been here once and the experience was pretty cool. This place a good spot to go to for a casual relaxing break from the typical club scene on a Friday night. The performers were actually pretty funny and I really enjoyed my experience there. I'd definitely go back.
SAK is the place to be to catch professional improvisers who effortlessly make you laugh! Great price, special events for loved ones, and fun atmosphere for everyone. Fantastic place to take a date, or have a girls night. Florida residents only pay $12 on the weekend, you can't beat the price for the quality of entertainment you get.
Went here while on vacation in Orlando. We came on a $5 rookie night, and while I wasn't rolling on the floor with laughter, I definitely felt like I got five dollars worth of entertainment. They try really hard to keep the humor super clean, which I respect, but I actually wish they would push the envelope a little more (or maybe have performances specifically geared towards an older crowd). The night we went there were mostly college students and older couples, and the auditorium was filled about a third of the way. Come here if you want to get off the beaten Disney path while on vacation. We had a great time bar-hopping and attending the performance the night we attended. I would go back, but probably not on a rookie night.
