So The Abbey...L-O-V-E! I passed by The Abbey maybe a month ago while en route to pick up a friend and thought...looks cool, what's that?! Well thanks to Yelp my questions about Orlando rarely go unanswered! I was blessed with an awesome opportunity to attend Uncorked! at The Abbey by the Orlando Ballet. Wow, what a cool experience! This event was more of a behind the scenes look at the Orlando Ballet company. We were able to see a few show scene reenactments as well as a choreographer battle of the sexes lol! Ballet dancers are legit and deserve some serious respect for their craft. I got dizzy watching them spin in so many circles. Venue: The Abbey is a moderate sized venue with low traffic due to it's neighborhood location. It appears it is an event-only establishment therefore usually they will provide valet service that can start as low as $7. Parking is pretty scarce so I suggest going with valet. Bar: The main entrance leads you to the bar and it's pretty large so no worries on finding a place to lean while you wait for your drink. The dimly lit room is filled with black leather couches that all looked incredibly comfortable. The interior setting is a vampy-goth's dream. I liked it simply because it was low key. Stage: The performance stage is found to your immediate right in a completely separate space. The chairs, all black with quilted seat patterns were very comfy despite their appearance. The decor in this room is similar to the bar area in all of it's dark glory. I liked the peeling/burnt wall paper look in this room, very vintage-y. Overall: I really like this space and I was told users of The Abbey also use The Mezz space upstairs for weddings, receptions and other events in conjunction with The Abbey. What a cool venue! I enjoyed myself so much with Orlando Ballet that next time they are scheduled to be at The Abbey I'm totally going to come. Thanks Yelp!
I love this place.  The venue is great, not a bad seat in the house.  And the ticket prices for the shows I have gone to have been so affordable.   The bar inside does their job.  Drinks aren't cheap - stick with beer - those prices are much more reasonable. My only complaint is that since it is not stadium seating - all the seats are on the same level - when the rude people in front of you stand - then you have to stand.  The last show I went to was the HardRockRevue and I understand that theses guys are indeed HOT, but  I wanted to see them the whole time too!  I couldn't becasue the group in front of us kept standing up and holding their phones above their heads to video.  SIT DOWN!!!!  I'm 5'9", once you stand then I have to stand and then the people behind me don't have a chance.  PLEASE be respectful - stay in your seats for the show.
This was my first visit ever to The Abbey. I came here to see a production by Wanzie. The exterior looks lovely, but the inside is by far the most beautiful theatre I've seen yet. There is a nice bar on your left, tables/chairs inside, and around the curtain was the stage. There seemed to not be a lot of seats in this place. There was mostly high top tables in the front of stage with small single chairs in the back. Even though there is no assigned seats, the high top tables are consider VIP seating. This section costs additional $15. I was not aware of it as I purchased a regular seat. My seat was a single chair in the near back. My view was difficult because of the high top chairs/tables in the way. Luckily, a staff member allowed my group & I to move up to a table near the stage as the guest never showed up to their table. So we received a free upgrade. My view was better now. The sound/light quality was great. There is an outside section with tables/chairs & this is the smoking section for smokers. I thought this venue was great overall. I was just upset about the seating arrangement & lack of information. Now I am aware of how seating is arranged here. I did order a drink from the bar & that experienced went very well. I will be back here for another production. Also, you can rent this venue out for parties, weddings, & other events too.
The Abbey is a vampy bar/venue on Eola Ave in Downtown Orlando/Thorton Park. It isn't a huge venue, by any means, but it also isn't super small. I've been here for two different events (John Waters and "In the Artist's Studio"), and each time I've really enjoyed the ambiance. There is a small seating area with black leather couches and chairs under a stained glass light, which changes colors. It's quite pretty to look at. There is also a fake fireplace next to that seating area. The "floor" area in front of the stage has had fold up chairs each time I've been there, but I don't think those are a permanent staple of the venue. The drinks aren't cheap, but they are good. The staff has been nice each of the times I've been here, and the bartenders are very quick to help. I'll definitely continue going there for events!!
I came here with my girl friends for the "D*Word" musical. We had a good time. The audio is really good. They had no drink specials and no service to your table. We had to get our own drinks from the bar, which seems odd. drink price: $$$
Came here with fiance. Food took 30 minutes. I ordered the brat (tasty). We finished the food and I wrote this review and our waitress never touched up on the table. The brat bun was SOAKED completely. Good selection of beer, food selection is TINY. Meh service.
The Abbey is a nice venue.  There is a bit of a vampire bordello feel to it -- darkness, velvet curtains and a nice long hardwood bar -- that made me feel very comfortable.  The ambience is suited to both relaxation and conversation -- perfect for the business event that I attended there earlier this week. The space is divided into two areas - an upper area (including the bar and very limited seating) and a lower area that can be set up as a dance floor/mosh pit or with theater seating.  The lower area is wheel chair accessible.   I drop the Abbey a point because while it is a fun room, it does not rise to a level of elegance or poshness that would make it stand out for a really important event.  Also, we had technical difficulties (with the sound) for the event that I attended and that is not a good thing for any venue to experience. The bathrooms were clean.  Any venue that offers live music and clean bathrooms gains my appreciation. I would definitely consider holding a private event at the venue and I will not hesitate to return.
Quaint location.  Went here last night for a couples Game Night.  They had many hosted events including a live newlywed-type game and many other fun trivia style games with some fun prizes.  There were old board games & other games available all around the venue to keep all us couples entertained before & after the hosted events. The whole set-up is pretty bare-bones, but that's actually pretty good.  It's not overly decorated or such. Only dropping them a point as it's not one of the best venues I've been to, and depending on where you were and what was going on, the music was constantly having to be altered as too loud or too soft.  With the different tiers to the place (upper bar area, lower dance floor), maybe that caused some problems, but the trivia guy on stage couldn't hear people clearly yelling from the back or there were many times he had to ask for the music to be lowered.  Not really a big problem, but not idea. Great little venue for some smaller (up to 100 people) events!
We saw John Waters here, as well as other talks/events.  The spot is a real gem for downtown and Orlando in general.  The space seems to work for about any event they host.  Good drinks, as well.
This space was adorable!  I recently went here to see the production of Disenchanted.  The theatre area is much tinier than I expected but I loved that there were tables in front that you could have reserved.  The bar area with the lounges and the fireplace was so cute!  I suggested to my friend that we should see about having our holiday party there. And the drinks from the bar were  yummy.  They were Disney Princess themed--definitely the way to get me to buy some!
Yes! LOVE The Abbey! Such a pretty, upscale, fancy (but casual) bar in the heart of Eola Square. Something going on here almost every night and it's a wide range of events from ballet, musicals, Kelly DeWayne Richards for Musical Monday's etc. The decor is gorgeous. You just get this warm feeling when you walk in from the lighting, the details like the fireplace, the fabulous wall papers... just gorgeous. Amazing acoustics and a great layout for the space. Tiered layout towards the stage and the ability to break up the room however the event calls for. Overall, warm, inviting and lively!
Visited The Abbey for the first time to check out a Sunday matinee of "Disenchanted". It's a in hip little area close to Downtown and Thornton Park District known as Eola Square.  You can pay to park in the Sanctuary building but we opted to try to find a spot off street. If you are willing to drive around and walk, then there are plenty of spaces to be had. We walked up to the Abbey and a gentleman was taking tickets at the door and told us the show was general admission and to take a seat anywhere we would like as long as it wasn't reserved. The stage was on one end of the room and the bar on the opposite side with no door to separate.  To our surprise, the venue was already packed . All of the prime seating  closer to the stage was already occupied and it looks like they set up some extra seats along the back which is where we found seats together. I wish I would've known that seating was first come, first serve and I would've made plans to get there early. Definitely nice to know for next time.  As we were seated, people were continuing to arrive and we heard lots of complaints about the lack of seating. Employees ended up bringing out more chairs and creating more rows.  It seems like they oversold for the show so as a warning, come early if you want a good seat. There is a bar but we didn't take advantage of. I didn't really like how it was still a little noisy in the bar area and it carried over while the show was starting. Can be a bit distracting.  I would also highly recommend that they also film the show while it is happening and play on the flatscreens towards the back. I heard some people complain when they turned the screens off. We all actually thought they would show on the screens as well for those sitting towards the back that don't have the best view.  Bathrooms are off to the side and were easily accessible. Overall, the show was excellent and aside from my constructive criticism, we would come back.
I was wowed the moment I walked in.  The space is beautiful.  The dark decor is accented by beautiful white chandeliers.  The piano player in the corner adds to the ambiance, and the faux fireplace offers a funky touch. I love the way this venue is set up.  You have a number of options on where to sit; in a row close to the stage, at a table, in comfy love-seats, or at the bar.  If you want to be close to the stage, you can get right up there.  If you want to sit further from the stage and closer to the bar, no worries about not getting a good view.  This is a small venue where you will find a good view of the stage anywhere you sit. The bar offers a drink menu with flavorful concoctions.  I ordered the Lust and it was delish!  You can enjoy your drinks at the bar or feel free to take your drinks to your seat or table.  The bar is open during the show allowing guests to order at their pleasure during the show. We had a fantastic time watching the Alter Boyz.  I look forward to coming back and checking out future productions.  The size, decor, and bar make for a great intimate theater.
Good new venue for live entertainment downtown.  Great set-up with gorgeous modern finishes and decor.  You can be close to the stage an in the action - or closer to the bar and watch the crowd.  I've been here several times with live music on stage - a good place to chill with friends in a comfortable setting or for after-dinner drinks. I saw "The Alter Boyz" tonight - very fun, energetic production, and nice to see a new venue producing live theatre downtown.  Bravo!
Musical Monday's!!!!!! Look out Don't Tell Mama's (NYC), The Abbey(Orlando Fl) has something that Daddy is doing. Last night was my first time at The Abbey. It was a great venue, all the way from the Lighting, Sound, Bar, HH specials, Decor, Clean Bathrooms, Outdoor patio area for smokers, kind service, very accommodating manager.all of it was super impressive. I look forward to seeing some shows in this venue when there is a packed crowd. But I do have to say that the Musical Mondays is a fantastic idea and a great outlet for the many of singers in this town that just need to belt out a song. Note*, parking can be difficult if you do not Valet, but you just have to look down the side streets towards the east and south of the building. At most you might have to walk a few blocks, but that is nothing compared to taking a train and walking blocks 4 blocks in NYC. Also if you are near downtown area, there is a bike rack on the buildings lot to lock up if you like.
Love the venue, love the little details in the stained glass ceiling and the layout works really well. I love the concept of the piano player and I also love the cool little outdoor area. This place has a lot of potential for event planners. What I'm not too impressed with is the bar/bartenders. I took a friend here to see Altar Boyz and we were basically ignored for a solid 5 minutes by the bartender while he attended to another indecisive bar-goer. While she's mulling over which drink to get, I would expect to be greeted, offered a drink menu or *something*. The manager (I assume) and another bartender looked us in the eye but also ignored us. And when I asked for a drink menu, he had to go rummaging around in a closet to dig them out. C'mon.
This bar has a nice lounge and a seating area in front of a stage.  They mostly host private events, but they let the public in for many of them for more revenue.  I like the outside seating myself.  I got a kick out of the fake fireplace. They charge $6 for a standard mixed drink, not so bad.  The bartender I spoke with was super friendly and informative.  He made me want to stay longer. The bathrooms have plenty of stalls and they are kept very clean, so no complaints there! I don't know about the whole setup tho, I wasn't impressed with the live musical event they had going on.  Maybe the music wasn't my style, or maybe this place just isn't my thing.
Sophisticated and comfortable at the same time, walking into The Abbey feels like walking into one of new york's nicest lounges.  I've been to several events there, and loved most!  The staff is always friendly, the drink prices are amazing reasonable and the place is clean.  What more could you ask for in a venue?  Brought my boss down here and we made the decision to book our company party here in less then ten minutes!
Terrific venue! I was impressed with the lighting and sound for the show I attended. I didn't have a problem at all with the staff when I went - they were very friendly and did a great job keeping up with the crowd that was there. I didn't have a tab, nor was I with anyone who had run one so I didn't hear about any of those problems. The only problem I saw was lack of parking for this venue. There is no dedicated lot so patrons were on their own for street parking nearby. I look forward to the next time!
What an awesome venue! I've been lucky enough to be a photographer at their space before and you can get some great background ambiance in the photos. The place is very trendy and upscale and is roomy enough but still feels intimate for a big party. This is definitely a place to consider for your next big event or wedding.
I made a return trip here to support a friend/coworker's band (family gang) and was pleasantly surprised to find that they had fixed the issue of losing credit cards. They now swipe the card and hand it back to you, so fret no more! :)
Very cute place I must say. Great venue to host an event...I may just keep this place in mind next time I need a venue.
The Abbey is a great place. We checked out their Superbowl party and it was top notch. They had a projection screen video display that was life size or bigger. Comfortable seating all over the venue. Delicous food sent over to order from Nick's Italian kitchen. No cover and great drink specials. The staff were all wonderful, very friendly and provided great service.  I can't wait to come back for a musical event here.
Came here for the Hedwig showing, but I really enjoyed the decor and ambiance of the place. All dark and purple and table lamps! Interesting bar menu, with 7 drinks for 7 sins in addition to offered wines. They have some high top tables as well as comfy couches and loveseats. Very intimate setting.  It took a while for our show to start, and no one made any announcements or updates as to why, which was a little aggravating. The show and the venue made up for it. It was very different and lovely. Definitely take your SO and come check it out.
We listened to a great band there and we were able to sit very close to the stage.  Great drinks and fair prices!
This intimate theatre is just a short distance away from the roller coasters and worth the drive if there's an off broadway play or band.  We saw the Rocky Horror Show presented by Leave Your Mark Productions from Tallahassee and it was really great.  It's a small stage but the cast used it well. All in all it was a terrific night (believe me I know, I have Ft Lauderdale theatre tickets and I yawn through most of the season)
What an awesome little venue! Clean, nicely decorated and not too crowded. Love the "fireplace"! I would definitely return here!
This was my first time at The Abbey. The valet parking was $5. I found the staff was very friendly and helpful. Nice facility with a great decor and nice size stage with a piano player. There is a great outdoor area that will be really nice to use in the cooler weather.
Great space !!!
The Abbey is an Amazing Theatre with great customer service and amazing staff. I saw the opening of Altar Boyz last night and i would recommend it to everyone. Phenominal cast and I can hostly say, just as good if not better than the off-broadway
Michael Andrews Swinging Christmas was a toe tapping evening. Hope you book more shows like this.
