Came here late after a night of dancing and drinking.  Great Puerto Rican hostess who speaks Korean.  Done! Happy! Ordered ramen, Sake, and snacks and sang the night away.  Current songs, and good Karaoke system.s
I cannot gush enough about this hidden gem in South Orlando. I am a huge Karaoke aficionado and this place is so unique to most Karaoke spots. 8 rooms with different sizes are rented per hour with as little as 20 bucks an hour ( split among the people in the room is super cheap!). You can also purchase delish Korean treats and it is brought straight to your room, also plenty of Sake, Beer and drinks to purchase too. ( BEER, PLUM WINE and SAKE only). The best part? guaranteeing that you get to sing your favorite songs in front of your closest friends, it's like having a private party where you don't have to clean up! I went for my 25th bday and it was by far the best birthday yet! Highly recommend it!
Who doesn't like karaoke? Seriously -- even the most reluctant singer in the world can be coerced to perform a rendition of YMCA here. Karaoke here isn't like going to some bar on Karaoke Night and lining up to perform on a stage in front of strangers. This is more like the Korean Noraebang's, where you rent out a private room with a group of friends and sing to your heart's content. Be careful though, it's super easy to lose track of time in this place. lol. Room are rented by the hour; prices range from $20 - $50 depending on the amount of people in your group. They have rooms for every size. The song selection is vast -- English, Vietnamese, Chinese, Korean, Filipino -- they have songs for everyone. The English song selection is pretty big. I saw a wide range of genres, from musicals to metal, they had a little bit of each. There's even a good selection of modern songs (Adele's Skyfall, Katy's Firework, etc.) to choose from, as well. At the bar out front, you can get various beers and wines (mostly Asian brands or alcohol) for fairly reasonable prices. Snacks are also available for purchase. The room we reserved could hold up to nine people for $25/hour. It was big and clean, had two comfy couches, a couple of stools and chairs, a coffee table, and two tv's. It was pretty much the perfect environment to just bond with your friends and relax over drinks and enthusiastic singing. The sound equipment was decent; unfortunately, it doesn't match pitch, so the songs might be out of your vocal range sometimes. The music videos are hilarious -- there were times I actually got caught up in the video and forgot to sing. xD I definitely recommend coming here with a group of people who are willing to get silly and sing their butts off. I know I'll be back. :) Note: The Karaoke and Billiard Hall are in two completely separate areas. So make sure you go to the door marked Karaoke.
Yeahrrrrrrr Private Karaoke rooms... nuff' said! Just grab a crew, rent out a room and have a party like you are in your living room. It's tons of fun! Two screens, great equipment and tons of songs. I slightly remember the songs being in title order which was a little difficult to sort through but the book was huge. Just beer and wine. The bar is outside in the common area which is smart. Overall, tons of fun and a must do for Karaoke lovers! And a great way to make a fool of yourself just in front of your friends and not complete strangers!
Located off OBT, about 3/4 of a mile south of I-4, Q Karaoke offers private Karaoke Suites for groups large and small. What a blast! The bulk of our group had been before, but hubby and I were first timers...may I recommend props to facilitate costume changes? A riot! Our suite had several comfy couches and plenty of extra chairs. Nice Karaoke system, large TV screen and smaller one if you wanted to sing to your audience and a slightly odd mix of available songs ranging from Tom Jones and Abba to Prince and Duran Duran to Metallica and Velvet Revolver. Cheesy, pop, R&B, metal, standards and a few holiday tunes. Beers are $3 and $3.50, some snacks are available and every room was booked on the night we visited...with people waiting for rooms. Reservations recommended. The Korean backdrop videos behind the song lyrics popping up provided more than one moment of raucous laughter and improved lyrics. Good times!
Bring your party here! This karaoke bar has several rooms dedicated to PRIVATE parties. Gather up a bunch of your friends, and enjoy a night of karaoke without the pain of waiting for "other" people in the bar to slop through their stupid songs. This is YOUR time to shine, so queue up as many songs as you want here and get silly! The rooms are furnished with comfortable couches and chairs, 2 TV's, a big coffee table and a good light show. It feels like a VIP den. Beer is cheap and they have Sake too. The song selection is pretty solid. It's easy to input a song on the large remote controller. Just type in the number next to the song (you'll see the song title appear at the top of the screen), and then hit the yellow button to lock it in. The Korean videos that accompany the songs are a sight to behold. Every song features a completely ridiculous visual sequence! Sing a ballad, and you might be watching a gang fight. Sing a rock song and watch a crying man pour bourbon on his head in the bathtub. Nothing makes sense, and it's glorious!! The rooms are between $20 and $35/hr so I'd say it's best to have at least 8-10 people. The more people, the cheaper it will be once you divide that total cost up.
Great night of fun with some friends. All you need is a private room, some alcohol, friends and a microphone. High tech karaoke machines let you queue up your songs to sing....no matter how bad your singing is. We had a big room with two couches and extra chairs. I believe it was $35 per hour. We ended up splitting it and it came out to about $20 each for the night (we couldn't leave the place). Drinks are $3 each...which isn't a bad deal. It was kind of warm in our room so don't go wearing heavy clothing unless you feel like sweating (reason for only 4 stars). The best part of the night was watching my friend belt out "Last Christmas I gave you my heart" and seeing a woman die and get resuscitated behind her in the Korean video. A good drinking game is to take a drink when the woman cries in one of the videos. A woman cries in every video....it is great. Don't worry about the location. It is pretty close to I-4 and well lit. You should be fine.
While being on search mode for birthday ideas in Orlando I stumbled upon this place. It's a completely different type of fun and I will recommend this place to anybody who is looking for a place to sing the night away with friends. Q karaoke is a restaurant/ bar that has it's own private karaoke rooms. There are a variety of rooms to choose from so I settled with the $50 an hr room that accompanies about 20 ppl comfortably. The room came with about 3 microphones, 2 screens that played silent soap opera korean drama films (really can't explain the random images that come up on the screen, it's hilarious,) a huge gigantic sofa, and a book of entertaining songs to choose from. Mix this place with friends along with imported beers, sake bombs, wine and you got yourself quite the entertaining night!
Came here for a birthday party last night (a Friday night around 11pm) for the first time and cannot wait to go back! Our room was the perfect size with plenty of room for lounging on the couches, setting drinks and snacks on the table and singing and dancing around! The boys enjoyed belting out the R&B ballads while the girls stuck to mostly Britney Spears with the odd old tune thrown in here and there. The screen in the front of the room was huge with another smaller tv mounted on the rear wall. Perfect  for those of us really getting into the performance. The remote to operate everything was really easy to operate. So much fun. Pleasant staff. Great selection of songs. Epic win!
We were a group of 6 and were led into a room that the lady said was $25 dollars an hour. Nothing more. None of the ladies ever came into check on us or anything. The music sounded REALLY off. We had some fun, but afterwards, our bill came out to almost 80 dollars! We had only been there for 2 hours so it should have been 50, but she told us that she charges as soon as we enter the room AND that there is an 18% gratuity (that she NEVER mentioned nor is it on the menu).   The area is extremely sketchy and this is a dishonest karaoke practice. It was a waste of money and I'll be looking somewhere else for hopefully a better experience.
What it is: Noraebang (Korean for "singing room"). This place has a bunch of private rooms varying in size and price for karaoke. Grab a date or a group of friends and get ready to sing your heart out. This concept is especially great for people who might be too shy to sing in front of a large group of people at open mic karaoke. How it works: When you walk in the hostess will give you a room depending on the size of your party. I'm unsure what the pricing is exactly, but it's somewhere around $25-50 an hr depending on the size. If you have a group and are splitting the price it's very reasonable. They offer beer, wine, and soju as well. From there you can spend as much time as you want singing and when you are done you go back to the lobby and pay. Notes: This place is small looking, but it has a fair amount of rooms for the size. Nicely decorated and very clean. They provide disposable mic covers so spit doesn't get all over them. Bathroom was pretty much spotless. The karaoke system is all Korean based. If you cannot read hangul or are just confused in general on how to use the system, the staff has always been very helpful. I'm always entertained by how off the Korean videos playing in the background are with the song I sing. Song selection is decent. They have English, Japanese, and Korean songs available. I recall it not being super current for English songs (as in radio hits at the moment), and they have more recent ones listed in the back of the books. I would prefer them be in their respective sections but I do understand it's a lot of paper to be printing. Each time I've gone I was placed in the same room. Small-ish but can hold 2 couches and a large square coffee table. There were 3-4 song books, 3 mics, and 1 screen. While it is off of OBT, it's pretty close to I-4 so it's not too sketchy of an area. The parking lot is lit well, and I've never felt unsafe there.
The rooms are extremely reasonable and the service was amazing. I can't get enough of this place. I've been there atleast 15 times and it keeps getting better. If you enjoy karaoke, you really need to stop by.
I always come here for Karaoke.  $20 an hour, and any type of beer is about $3.  The fact that there are several different rooms is a plus for me, because I don't know if Id really be doing karaoke in front of tons of people I don't know.  The couches are comfortable, and the hostess brings in a bowl of trail mix style snacks for everyone to snack on.   The flat screen tvs are nice and large the overall decor seems new.  I am not sure how often they update their songs, but hopefully next time I go back there is a larger selection to choose from. I've been there probably 4 times over the course of 4 months and didn't notice anything new.  Overall though, I am definitely a fan of this place. Always leave with barely any voice left haha. So the next night you and your friends don't wanna go to the club, or there aren't any good movies out, go scream your lungs out at Q Karaoke. :-)
We were told we were getting a room that could hold up to 50 people, and this was definitely not the case. More like 25. Also, after we arrived we were told the $35 bottle fee applied to all bottles, not just one overall fee. And, they tried to change the price and charge us an extra $20/hr. We had a great time, but I would suggest getting everything in writing beforehand. Despite the shifty practices, the staff was friendly and helpful. They were just shady when it came to rates and money.
This place is not too bad. It's a typical billiard hall. There's about 6 - 8 pool tables and a bar that serves beer and wine but no liquor. If you are a person that does not like the smell of smoke, you may want to stay out of the billiard area. Smoking is allowed in this area.  It is attached to another section that includes karaoke rooms. Each room has a setup with a karaoke machine that has hundreds if not thousands of songs to choose from. Each of the rooms are pretty sound proof and give each group their privacy. Personally, I'm not a karaoke fan but for those that are, I would definitely say check it out.
I visited this place with three other friends and we rented out the $20/hr room for two hours, which was just enough time for the four of us to have a turn to sing whatever we wanted. At first we were a little weary as it seems to be on a sketch part of town, but once inside we were pleasantly surprised. The locale is very clean, and the staff very helpful and friendly. This was our first time at a place like this so we didn't know how to work the karaoke system, gladly, the hostess out front was kind enough to walk us through it. Their song selection was very impressive, my friends and I have eclectic tastes, and we were able to find all the songs we like. As far as their alcohol selection, it is a little bit limited as they only seemed to carry a few different beers and some korean wine, however, the prices for those were very reasonable, if I remember correctly, all of the beers were $ 3 each. After our two hours were up we ventured over to the pool hall side, it was very spacious and clean as well. However, on this particular night it seemed as if they were hosting a birthday party so the people there already seemed to know everyone and it was a bit awkward when my friends and I walked in so we didn't stick around very long. Don't let the prices for the rooms trick you, if you go with a group of friends the costs can be easily reduced by splitting the cost with everyone in your party. All in all, this place does not fit in with the surroundings on OBT so don't let that scare you away, give it a try! The parking lot is free, nearby to the entrance and very well lit. Fighting!
Went there Thursday night to check it out.  I've been to private room karaoke bars in Manila and Jakarta- this place compares well!  Since we came just as a couple, we got the small room.  Weeknights there is happy hour: 1/2 price on the room rate until 10pm.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  She suggested the pork stir fry which is home made but since the chef was late (the only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5) we switched to the steamed potstickers.  They were great! Try the raspberry wine.
I LOVE this place! I've gone several times and can't get enough! I've enjoyed the karaoke venues in Japan and this place is set up in a similar fashion: a private room (starting at $20 per hour) for you and your friends that is furnished with comfortable sofas and a large tv, two mics, and several books to select music from. The books have songs in English (anything from the classics to the current hits), Japanese, Korean, and Philipino! The owners are very friendly and helpful! And the food is excellent! There aren't many places like this in Orlando, which is why I keep coming back! I highly recommend checking this place out at least once...and if you're like me, you'll keep coming back!
I went there yesterday with 5 other friends and we had the best time ever!, the staff was friendly and helpful. The room ($20 an hour) was decent, flat screen tv, 2 comfy couches and the selection of music was good. The drinks and food were reasonable priced. I'm surprised we had not heard of this place before. Highly recommended :)
this place is  absolutely a messed up scam!!,  I would the worst lowest star ever if does exist they rip ppl of their money , first when we got in yesterday , the place was so empty and looks creepy !!, the woman was miss leading she didn't mention prices although we asked her before we get in  many times alll wht she says is ohh!! This room is 5$ more , they don't offer a price menu , we stays there for 2h and they kept bring their nasty drinks filled with aspartame telling us that's a strong vodka , but when u sip it taste  like shitt!!!!, although we didn't ask for more bottle the girl was constantly bringing bottle of vodka , in order to boost up the bill , at checkout she shocked us with 196$$ I mean seriously!!!! This amout for wht !!! And even the device are not useful to work with and they dnt have a varieties of languages, we were a group  of 6 ppl !! We were  expecting  to pay at least 50$ she didn't tell us any price range before getting  in just grabbing us to the room they are a scam dnt go in there and waste  yr money more to that those nasty drinks were for 15$ a bottle seriously and there was no manager to talk to or complain , just bunch of bitchy ppl waiting on  to make trouble and were starring at us !! We were so pissed and never go back to place , reason why it was so empty cause they scam 1 or 3 ppl a week so it's enough to make their wage by charging crazy money
