We were looking for unique gifts for our wedding to give to our readers. I found beautiful silver bracelets. I needed four and they only had 3. They went above and beyond to order the fourth one.  During the conversation with Mary I told her about our wedding colors.  What a wonderful touch when I picked up the bracelets they were beautifully with our wedding colors. Thank you Mary for that beautiful and thoughtful touch of class.
The good/meh - So this place is impressive in size, scope and curation. It has a little somethin' for everyone (well, if you're a woman, particularly a yuppy/older artsy fartsy-leaning woman or purchasing a gift for someone of said persuasion) in the appropriately ecclectic-yet-high-end style that caters to the modern Elmwood shopper's aesthetic. I could see it being a great last-minute gift shop for a very specific subset of the Buffalo population and I give them props for being locally owned, non-chain, etc. The bad/annoying - I'm not one to poo poo a local business for being pricier than a big box store IF their wares are made in the US (or other countries with strong labor laws) or (more importantly) actually made locally or at the very last have some assurance of being fair trade (a la a lot of the clothing and bags sold at Terrapin Station). This place seemed to feature almost nothing that fit any of those requirements for me to open my wallet, particularly at such high prices. Some of their items were average mall/big box prices (and why not give this local business your money instead of Target?) but the majority were ridiculous for being made in places like China, Thailand, Indonesia, etc. I know the owners are buying these things at absurdly low rates from countries that pay their workers almost nothing (I used to work for a world imports store), and intentionally choosing items that LOOK local, artisanal, etc until you examine the tags. I guess that was what irked me the most about the experience - the obvious attempt to display things that are factory or sweat shop made in such a way that they appear artisanal/local (hand priced, no exterior packaging, etc, and you really have to search to find the "made in____" sticker). I didn't see a single thing in this store made in the Buffalo area (please, point it out to me if you saw one) and three items made in the US total. Sorry, but I'm not paying $40 for a leather and faux stone belt made in China. I'm not paying $65 for a no-name-alloy-metal ring with a plastic adornment on it made in Thailand. It just isn't going to happen. I'll walk myself, and my wallet, down to Thin Ice (or drive myself back to Black Rock to Artsphere or 464 Gallery) and buy locally made stuff at equal or lesser prices. Also, yes, I know I have pink and purple pig tails and a leopard print coat on but please, very hoity toity looking lady behind the counter, stop giving me the stink eye like I'm going to steal something. I can afford the stuff in your store, it just isn't worth my money.
Of all the little boutique shops on Elmwood, I think this was the most fun. It had so many different things that were all laid out wonderfully. There is a lot to explore, and I think that's the fun part about shops like this. But others on Elmwood weren't as deep and exciting to walk around. I ended up getting a card from the card room in the back. They also had some great tea sets for very reasonable $$$.
I did a bit of my holiday shopping here with great success. I found something  for my granddaughter, my daughter in-law-to-be, and my daughters (2 of them anyhow), and a slew of things i wanted for myself. Everything was much loved by the recipients. I enjoyed the atmosphere quite a lot, though the music seemed a bit ... off? Maybe it was just me, as I had just come from a stressful appointment. They have a little bit of everything from jewelry to clothing to the offbeat. I think it would be a bit difficult to buy a gift for a man here, however, hence why I am only giving it 4 stars. All age ranges, yes, but a definite bias toward the feminine. I will definitely shop here again. Maybe for myself next time.
Everything Elmwood has a whole lotta tchotchke going on. What I like best about this location is their large jewelery counter in the center of the store.  I purchased a great little fresh water pearl bracelet there for under $30.  I have also received, as a birthday gift, a lovely pair earrings; amber set in sterling silver.   Along with the fun baubles, they have loads of cutesy housewares...perfect when looking for a hostess gift, along with funky belts and tights, gift wrap, greeting cards...tons of stuff! I'd recommend stopping in to browse; especially if you're looking for a gift, but you're not quite sure what you're looking for!
This store is really REALLY overpriced.  They have some cool things, greeting cards, candles, funky housewares, jewelry, clothes and more.  I probably wouldn't come back just because of the cost.  Some things in there are pretty basic and just really really expensive.  If I became rich then yeah I would come back for some cool things but until then.....
What a great place to go shopping for the holidays! The buyers have a great eye. I found a perfect ornament for a special someone. Pretty and sturdy gift wrap. The prices are what one expects for such quality. The most lovely exchange was when the sales associate discretely inquired whether me and my GFF had shopped in another area of town and she had recommendations for what we were chatting about. Great service and a lovely selection of goodies that make one question, "do I need that"?
This store should probably be called "EVERYTHING OVERPRICED". It does have some nice stuff but way overpriced. I am a shopaholic and i'll spend the $ if it's worth it, nothing in there i've ever seen is ever reasonably priced. I actually skip the store now whenever i do my elmwood village shopping down the strip. There are so many other stores around that have cute and reasonably priced clothes and accessories, Atelier (Italian boutique) is my favorite, others include Clutch, Plum Pudding, Urban Clothing (make sure to check out the sale racks!) and Positively Main St - which has some really cool stuff for amazing prices, great place to go to for funny little presents or stocking stuffer type items. Anyway, my recommendation would be to stay away from "Everything Overpriced", unless you have time and money to waste away...
Everything Elmwood has served me well as a great stop for gifts. I come from a gift-giving culture (Russia), where gifts are expected if a friend invites you over for dinner so it's in my blood to give something small where I can to show my appreciation. This little store on Elmwood (and there's another in Snyder) makes it not only easy, but cute and fun as well. In what way? Well, they have a great selection of gift items, from jewelery, soaps, oils, chocolates, ornaments, glasses, the typical fare along with great gift cards and magnets. You can put together a great little gift package of soaps, cards and chocolates for under $25 and they will wrap up your gift for free and give it some flair! My only qualm with that is that they refused to use my gift wrap for some stuff. I get it -- they have their own process for wrapping, but I once had a gift that required super girly gift paper as a gag for one of my friends, but the gift shop across the street (Positively Main Street) was able to oblige and help me out for that one. Their soap is amazing by the way. Sure, it was $10 but I never heard the end of how great it made my girlfriend's skin and how it lasted for months. A few suggestions I would have: try something new -- organize your gifts by personality type and be a little more flexible with the gift wrapping. Other than that, I'm grateful that this store exists and the countless times it's helped me (esp since it's open until 8p on weekdays). Thanks for being here! :)
Everything Elmwood is definitely handy if you're headed to a baby or bridal shower or birthday party and you're not quite sure what to get.  They have a good assortment of bowls, serving dishes, glasses, etc.; lotions, potions, and creams; and usually some fun baby clothes, toys, and shoes.   Let me be clear, they also have a healthy helping of old-lady jewelry and weird lace clothes, but hey -- some of your friends are going to love it when you give them old-lady jewelry and weird lace clothes.   The card section deserves a nice mention, with funny cards for the hilarious people in your life, sappy cards for your emotional relatives, and blank cards for people you don't know that well.  And another note of praise goes out to their gift wrapping skillz.  No matter what you settle on, they'll make it look impressive with about 15 colors of ribbon curling all over the place.
This is definitely on my to-do list every time I come back to Buffalo. Perfect if you're looking for gifts. Lots of items in the $20-40 range. Although every time I come here looking for presents for my friends, I always end up buying something for myself, too. There are just too many fun little trinkets to look at. Amazing selection of unique jewelry and scarves. They have some pretty delicious lotions and bath products. Some of the stuff gets a little tacky, but 90% of their items are pure gold.
Everything Elmwood is a nice boutique shop where you can definitely find some good gifts for the lovely ladies in your life but will pay a bit more. This store has a focus towards the girls with a bit of higher end taste. Besides for Jewelry, Clothing and Accessories, you will find some soaps, housewares, books and other items. Definitely worth a stop in if you are looking for some unique gifts.
I agree with "everything overpriced"!! Also looks cheap. Some of the "old fashioned" earrings looked "tarnished" to me!
One of the coolest eclectic stores you will ever see.  Although the one in Elmwood isn't in the best section of town, definitely a must see and spend!!  You have to go often though because the inventory changes fast, but the stuff is one of a kind neat books, candles, sushi dishes, cards...  I could rave for a while aboutthis place.  I go there everytime I go back to Buffalo.
