I am rarely EVER downtown, so I hadn't heard about this place until last night. I was at an event across the street and a friend suggested that we go to Tanqueray afterwards. It is definitely a hole in the wall, er ground, but that is what I liked about it. That and the sign out front advertising $3 tequila shots :) It was small and dark, but not crowded. We were able to quickly get our drinks (tequila shots!) and found a little "room" hiding behind the bar that we quickly took over. We were able to hang out and talk without having to yell to hear each other. This is a major win in my book. I could have done without the smoke, but its just one of the things you have to deal with sometimes when you are going out.
A dive bar I was just introduced to the other night after a Yelp event It's in a basement which was pretty cool and there were $3 tequila shots. It was pretty empty and we were able to score a private little room which was perfect for our party size. The major downer was the smoke.  I can't stand smoke and hate coming home reeking of it.  The smell hit you as soon as you walked down the stairs. But if you're okay with that then it's pretty okay for a bar (and no cover charge!)
Tanqueray's is a pretty unique bar in the Orlando area. Locate the large neon sign and proceed to walk down the stairs into a basement. I have stopped in with a friend who likes the local bands who play here, and even though I had no idea who the band was, I have always enjoyed myself. The bartenders are very nice and they have a great selection of craft beer. The room to watch the bands is pretty small. There are a couple of tables in the middles and some booths around the outside. I suggest you get there early to get a spot. The only thing that would make this place better is if they didn't allow smoking!
Guess I Can Use #Yelp To Share Beyond the Food Zone Hot Spots & Meals!  If You're Into Live Music 'Yeah' Local Bands 'Yeah' Great Atmosphere 'Yeah' Movin 'Yeah' Groovin 'Yeah' Then Tanqueray's  Is The Place to Stop By 'Well Well' When Taking In the Downtown City Beautiful Experience! Believe There Is A Different Live For Just About Every Night of the Week, Always A Good Time
I cant tell you how many times I walked past this place while downtown due to its unassuming and kind of shady look, but oh how I was wrong! Underground bar that has a heavy pub feel right when you walk in, this was intensified on my visit by the English chap leading the crowd in a stellar rendition of "champagne supernova"...So, that was my first impression and boy did I love it. ON to the drinks, cheap and good, good and cheap. Nothing stellar that other bars don't have, but pricing is better than expected. The folks serving the drinks were great as well! The live music was great as well. One huge plus of being underground is the acoustics that are amazing to the music! I hung out in the bar section most of the night, but they do have seating and such in front of the music if that is why you ventured in. One thing I found well planned was that the bar and music venue section are connected, but there is a big wall that spans 3/4 length sitting between the two, so when live music is playing you can still have a convo at the bar without feeling the music being obtrusive. This is a good thing for the folks that popped in for the drinks, not necessarily the live music. Overall my only gripe is the smoky nature of the place, but that is easily overlooked with a good beverage in hand!
This place is phenomenal!!! On my recent trips to downtown Orlando, I have had the pleasure of discovering this little underground bar. Tanqueray's is a relatively small venue suppling live music goers with amazing bands. Despite the size, even on a busy night the place never seems overwhelmingly packed, huge bonus for me. The bars downtown can easily get way too crowded, making it difficult to fully enjoy your experience there. Not tanqueray's. And the best part? No stage! You are able to sit within feet of the music for an intimate show with great jazz and other classic genres. The bartenders are very nice and know how to make a good, strong whiskey drink.
I'm stuck between 3 and 4 stars on this one. There are so many things I like about this place and a few things I feel more "ehhh" about.  I think it all depends on the night you visit or the type of surroundings that you're up for that evening. I've been to Tanqueray's dozens of times; most recently on Reggae Monday. Per usual, I was digging the band. You almost always find some great local talent at this spot! Additionally, the underground-bar vibe that Tanqueray's boasts makes it feel a bit like you're in an old-school NYC or Chicago lounge. There is, however, still a lot to be desired in that department. Don't get me wrong, if Tanqueray's is cool with the dive-bar status than actually, they are right on point. But if they wanted to be known more for the sexy, smokey, jazz cafe sort of vibe... then I think Tanqueray's needs to focus a little more attention on their ascetics. I guess that's my thing with this place... I don't really know what to make of it. If nothing else, it's unique, which is impressive enough for a downtown Orlando bar.
This place rocks!  Jeremy makes the best Margueritas I have ever tasted. A fantastic happy hour and cozy environment. And, I could smoke my cigars.
Tanquerays is one of the chillest spots downtown. If you want to avoid the overly hyped mainstream that is Downtown Orlando, Tanqs is the place. The owner Dan is often working behind the bar unlike other places in town. Staff is always friendly and they have very good musicians night in and night out. The only reason this place does not get a 5 star rating is because of the limited amount of space. Other than this drawback, Tanquerays is a great place for all Orlando music lovers to escape the mainstream and listen to great live music. Monday- Raggae Mondays Tuesday-? Wednesday-? Thursday- Buster Keaton Band- Funk Friday- Very good live Band Saturday- Very good live Band Sunday- ?
Last eve in town and walking back to the hotel, saw a sign that boasted a band, free entry and drink specials.  ALRIGHTY THEN.  My 44 year old ass and my husband entered. To my shock I was carded but the fluffy bearded gentleman at the door stated something about "Terrorist security that all must be carded." (I could have taken a ah you look so young over that one:)  Everyone under the sun comes here appears. We found seats at the bar and could have easily later sold them off as this place packs a crowd.  It was fun.  The drinks were stiff and the hipsters bigger ego's than usually get in the Bay Area.  We left about 11pm and still folks were packing in what was left of the nil open space.  Entertaining of the locals and the band was great for a venue like this.  Definitely a bar for those who don't give a rip about the latest pop tune or fake breasts:)
Favorite place to start a night downtown. And great for early drinks before the crowds come. Bartenders are the best in Orlando and very friendly too; they really know their stuff.
I love this chill vibe. Reasonably priced drinks, good live music, and a nice crowd. The only downside is that you leave smelling like a walking cigarette.
Tanqueray's would most likely be our FAVORITE Downtown bar, but unfortunately, due to the overwhelming amount of tobacco clouds floating around (especially in a basement bar), we rarely frequent it. They have a fantastic beer selection, all the right liquors, and great local bands, all conformed into a unique (especially for Orlando) room, BUT, the goddamn smoke simply kills it all. They have been around for years and will probably be around for many more. They will continue to make their money but, I wonder how much more money they would make if they banned smoking and all of the people like us frequented more often and those that do smoke realized what a great bar it is and decided to forgo their puffing and remained faithful customers. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Food for thought.
Solid LIVE Music venue (small) but smokey as hell.   Bands were good (some even better than good) every night, friendly staff, fun crowd.
One of the best things about bars in new York is that they are smoke free. Not so in Orlando. The first thing you notice in this dim seedy basement bar is a thin haze of cigarette smoke. The bar dominates the space, swooping around a corner. In an adjacent room a live band plays. The crowd is uncharacteristically diverse for the downtown club scene. The best spot in an otherwise wasteland of stiletto heels and tailored shirts.
The place where girlfriends flirt with little regard for their boyfriends sitting next to them with burning stares. Walk down here and find yourself in a tiny space with enough room for your 1st grade science classroom... maybe. How they got this place to be seemingly underground, my floridian sense of sea level has me stumped. You're gonna find smoke, lots of regulars, a stage with live music (probably), seats in front of said stage, and cheap drinks. CHEAP drinks. Start your night here... end it here. But I wouldn't stay here all night. It's not really the comfortable dive bar, just a dirty dive bar.
Tanqueray takes some warming up to and I definitely think a part of my disdain comes from the first visit experience. I chose to hold off a bad review as I understand that most of it is because of the band - god, there amplifiers were wayyyyy too loud and considering how small the venue is, it's made my experience a bad one. The uncertainty of this underground venue could be a hit or miss but on a good night, this is a great place to be at to have a beer or two while supporting artists.
With all the bars and clubs in Orlando, this could really turn into a great location for something unique, but now that environment is just ehhh. You really don't hear much about Tanqueray's or what is going on at this location. I was there on Friday night as a stop in a birthday pub crawl, and it was out last stop at the end of the night.  This place is most definitely a last stop in a night outing, because at the end of the night you are ready for that last drink and to relax.   Inside it is very small, with a small stage that musicians play on during the week.  Drinks are VERY STRONG, and not very tasty - might just be what I got, Vodka Tonics.  I think they could expand this place a bit, not to make it too big and keep that "relaxed atmosphere" along with more promotion.
Tanqueray's is another regular stop when pub crawling in Downtown Orlando.  I always think of "Cheers" when I go there because you have to go down the stairs into the basement to enter. They get some cool live bands there...usually in the blues/jazz/funk/jam band genre.  They also have open mic night for music/poetry/comedy, etc. The drinks are cheap, and it's never too packed.  I don't recall there ever being a cover.  I actually spent New Year's here once, and had a great time.
Likes: Downtown Underground vibe Live band Zero cover charge Dislike: Unsolicited cigarette smoke in my face. . .
Hands down best bar downtown in Orlando if you like good cheap drinks, pretty women and great music! Every time I have gone I have been satisfied.  There's not a whole lot I'll miss in Florida, but this is one of those places I will.
I have only been to Tanqueray's twice so far and up until that point I always saw it as that 'mysterious underground bar that I'd like to check out once I turn 21.' I have to say that once the intrigue went away, I was not overly impressed with this bar. I feel that an older crowd would perhaps appreciate the average bar ambiance that this place has, but considering there are so many other unique options in downtown Orlando, Tanqueray's wouldn't make my priority list for a night of barhopping. Having said that, they usually do have live music and when I was there on St. Patty's day they had decent drink specials. Good place to chill out if you need a break from the usual downtown grind.
This gets five stars because they have live music nightly at 10:30 and there's never a cover. The music when I went was amazing and the band even talked to us for awhile afterwards. The smoke did not bother me and it was a Friday night. I am sensitive to smoke myself but I did not get this feeling of intense smoke like others said. At one point, a guy leaned over and started ashing his cigarette at my table which was kind of annoying since I hate smokers in my face. I thought it was sort of rude but it was crowded. Definitely a dark cool vibe to it. Its in the heart of everything fun downtown but its different. It's not trendy but a great place to hang out and have a beer and listen to some live music. When the music is playing, it may be too loud to talk because the place is so small. I like that its somewhere you can go to get away from the regular teeny-bopper crowd. It's 20-somethings thrown in with a couple of older dudes at the bar. If you dont want to listen to music, you can sit at the bar which is in the opposite room of the music. I will say that one of the bartenders was a jerk. It was not the infamous Dan. Dan was alright by the way but not fabulous (maybe thats because he didnt make me drinks?). I had to add on to my order and it was very busy so I asked the other male bartender to add on a drink. As soon as he realized I wasn't his customer and not a newbie, he turned rude. "She'll be back." he said and turned away. I didnt really think that was a good answer. I knew she'd be back but I didnt want to waste her time. The female I worked with was very lovely though. When you've had a few drinks, walking up and down three stairs to use the facilities is not fun. Also, one of the doors doesnt have a lock so beware.
I have been walking by this place for years and have never stopped in. I don't know why I hy aven't because I have always been a big fan of "basement" bars and they are few and far between in Orlando. We went in right after a Magic game and it was still very early in the night. There was absolutely nobody in the bar besides us. The bartenders were both very nice and they gave us a little glass to try all the different beers on tap. They had some pumpkin and oktoberfest flavors so that is why we were having a hard time deciding. We were there on a Friday night and I believe their special was $2 PBR tallboys. We only stayed long enough to have one drink before it was on to our next spot. We were told that they have live bands every night at 10:30.  They also had probably five televisions playing multiple sporting events which was cool. It depends on your perspective on whether it's a good thing or a bad thing but they do allow smoking here. I expect sometime in the future I will return to check it out later in the night.
Prices right, awesome fun staff!  I LOVE their music there, they have an amazing talent lineup of local musicians.  It is just small enough, smokey as hell and I love every minute of this truely sane dive tucked away from the trendy and often obnoxious orange ave scene.
My all time favorite bar in Downtown Orlando! This place is fun for all (if you're cool with smoke). If you're in the mood to listen to great music and chill with friends, Tanqueray's is the place to be. The drinks are CHEAP and the bartenders are always willing to chat, even if you're no longer making sense from all those dirt cheap drinks you downed. Two thumbs up!
Being the only basement dive bar on Orange ave, this place has some character. It's been around forever and consistently stages the best local music in town. Drinks are cheap, the music is nightly, and it's one of the few places downtown that make you feel you're at a local joint. If you're not into the music, there is a room separate from the main room. The music is loud, it's a little hard to get intimate, and the place gets very crowded once 11pm roles around. I still give it 5 stars because the local musicians that frequent this place are some of the most talented I've ever seen. And the table service and cheap drinks are just way too hard to beat.
Tanqueray's remains as good as it was when I used to be a weekly regular. I stopped in last night to see The Rules show and had a great time. The place was PACKED! The side room in which the band was playing was full, as was the bar. Both Dan and Joe are still working here and continue to do a great job. I highly recommend stopping here, though I'm still unsure if they offer any food - they used to, but I didn't see anyone eating anything, so it may be a bar only now. Everyone in Tanqueray's last night was drinking wine, liquor (mixed drinks/shots) and/or beer, but the reason I first came here years ago was for a martini. Stop in and try one - Dan makes them very well.
Great spot for live music and cheap drinks.  The service is always good too.  They have a full bar with a nice size stage where you can post up with friends to watch local bands perform.  We went with a big group of people, including the wife's friends from music school that were in town and performing their own gig the next night.  Their band is called The Blue Party.  We all had a great time at Tanqueray's watching some locals shred on the guitar.  This was probably my fourth time coming to Tanqueray's and I am definitely a fan.  It's smokey and old but for a casual night with friends, it's one of the best downtown when it comes to dive bars.
This bar is nice if you don't like big crowds. It's like a small town bar in the city. I only encountered two problems:  1) the low ceiling can make smoke add up really fast, and 2) the floor where the takes are at needs to be remodeled (it sinks a lot and you can feel everyone's steps regardless of how lightweight they are)
Go see Dan! The bartender of course. One of the best bartenders in downtown Orlando. The bar looks like a basement and in many ways it is. The whole theme is underground and a bar where everyone knows your name. They have frequent drink specials and diverse live music selections. This bar is differently a change from the club scene.
Another great local bar in Orlando, FL. Tanqueray's proves to be a great time with the selection of live music offered multiple times a week to the continuous drink specials. I make a point to drop in on this place if I am every walking around the downtown area.
Back in the day when I was much younger, I avoided this place  because the crowd hanging around outside seemed "old" and also due to  the lack of steady bass from techno/pop/hiphop wafting up the stairs. Those days are over and since  I've gotten old & decrepit, I try to avoid the typical club scene & crazy drunken tweens. As I've aged, just like a bug to a bug-light, the glowing, neon lights of Tanqueray seemed to lure me in. Plus I'm cheap and there's no cover, thankfully. As you descend the stairs during peak hours, you'll notice a thick fog of cigarette smoke mingled with music. This place is either feast or famine with larger crowds showing up after 11pm on Fri/Sat night. At the bar, you'll meet an diverse mix of people ranging from all ages & backgrounds. The dimly candle-lit seating area is where you'll sit with friends to enjoy the live music. Some of the bands are actually pretty good. Others, not so much. Expect various genres ranging from Indie, Classic, Rock, BLues, African drums, jam bands etc. "Funk Us" was one of the most energetic and talented bands I've ever seen to breeze through there. They even had a band member going crazy on two keyboards at the same time - while playing a harmonica. Sorry but I have to gloat. I picked up a cowbell and jammed out with them. And I was damn good too ;) Most nights, you'll see a few drunken groupies head to the front of the stage (feel free to join) and flop around as if it were the Woodstock festival of '69 while other patrons huddle around the candle-lit tables chatting or nodding softly to the music. The crowd disperses long before the bar actually closes. TLTR: This place has character, live music, bar snacks, and is a good stopping off place to grab some decently priced drinks before heading on to your next spot. The only Con IMO is indoor smoking. Worth visiting.
Nothing really impressed me or disappointed me at my recent visit to Tanqueray's. They mixed me a strong drink (plus), but it was dead at 9 on a Friday (minus). It is in a basement, which is unique in Florida. I will give this place another try, but not in a rush to get back.
Great dive bar. Cheap beer, decent music, friendly (but not pretentious) staff. If you just want to go somewhere to have a good drink and a smoke, this is the place to go.
It's a great place to wine down before heading home.  My bf took me there and I totally loved it.  Great live band.  Very easy and comfortable :)
Pretty cool little dive bar. It's downstairs in a basement which makes the music sound great! Drinks are cheap and friendly staff.
Great place to go with friends. The hh on Friday is one of the best in town (half of your entire tab). I had 2 kettle ones on the rocks and my fiancé had 5 beers (all good beers ) and our tab was 20. Great deal! The only downs are the music can get loud and it can get very smokey in there, but don't let that deter you
This place is a hidden gem. Went there on a Wednesday night with a couple of friends, it was quiet and around 10pm live music started and got livelier.  The bartenders know their stuff, great services specially Dave.  Good beer selection!
The place is just way too smokey for me :(
Stay away.  Crime haven.
Saw the coolest combination of Lone Singer/Cover Band Fusion Ever, awesome flavorful IPA's (Dogfish Head for the win!!!). Ended up having a great time, prices were very reasonable on the Beer and Liquor, Special Shots were super cheap, awesome atmosphere which is nothing like the other bars and clubs in the surrounding area. Picked the place on a whim, will never regret it! Great Bartenders and everyone's tries to be as respectful and cool as possible.
Even when the place is packed, I never have a problem getting a drink.  The assortment of libations is quite satisfying, and the entertainment adds a great element to the experience.  Check throughout the week for a gamut of popular acts playing, or just drop in for a beer.
Small and intimate space. A bit crowded. Went on a Thursday night and ordered an amaretto sour for the sister and me. Thoroughly enjoyed it and the bartender was friendly and nice. The music was a bit loud if you're looking for a place to socialize. Will be headed there in the near future.
I had to laugh as I read the other great reviews. See, "we" thought "we" discovered this place over 20 years ago!  Here we are in 2011 and people are still "discovering" it.  That's the sign of a great place--timeless. I have to agree with the "smoke" comments. Twenty years ago it didn't really matter and no one would have done anything about it anyway. Today we all know better. I've actually seen cigar bars go non-smoking indoors (if you can believe that) and it didn't chase away business. People are smarter about these things now and the owners would do well to consider it. I don't make it downtown as much anymore but I think I'll stop in soon. Kinda like seeing an old friend that's always there.
good place to drop into on weekends for Live Music. they have no cover and a band on weekends so you can drop in and if it isn't your ball of twine you can drop out after one drink with no financial downside. the downstairs fcility is rather cool in and of itself.
not exactly your most advertised trendy place, but plenty of new live music, cheap drinks.  pretty much nightly.   can't go too wrong there.  it's almost a different genre nightly.  only caveat is the smoky atmosphere, but hey, it's part of the package!  one of the first places in the city to have New Belgium Brewing on tap.  yea!
This is an interesting location to say the least. Tanqueray's is located on the corner of Orange Avenue and Pine Street. Its hard to miss the bright Pink sign. But to get inside you have to climb down a long flight of stairs and enter a cavern type room. Its dark and smokey here and older men enjoy striking up conversations with any younger female clientele that wander down. They have 3 rooms and mirrors everywhere, the main room with the rectangular bar and several bar stools around it as well as a second room that kind of breaks off into a third all compete with low tables. This is definitely a low key loungy type atmosphere. No crazy 21 year olds to be found. They do clear out one of the extra rooms for dancing or live bands but none if the booty shaking variety. This would be a good bar for an older 40-50 something crowd. Its sophisticated without being too stuffy. Its hidden away from the college kids welcoming those a little or a lot more mature.
