I love this place! The chicken souvlaki is amazing and the olive oil and oregano fries are great too! I've gone there many times and the food has always been the same quality. Plus the owner and staff are always friendly. Another thing that I love about this place is that they try to buy local, as much as possible, and the cups they use are biodegradable. That is something I truly appreciate! If you want good Greek food, you should definitely check this place out!
I love this place. Everyone is so nice and they remodeled and it looks great. Food is wonderful but a little on the pricey side. I like the fact that they are Eco conscious there with their silverware and such. Parking can be a squeeze sometimes. Overall I recommend to anyone in the area. I wish the prices were a tad lower. Great find.
This was a no frills, great food type of place. The service was fast and friendly and the food was DELICIOUS! The food was fresh and seasoned perfectly! We tried the gyro, the tzatsiki with pita, the Greek fries with feta and we also had the baklava and feta cheesecake for dessert. The meat in the gyro was beyond perfection! It was soft and fresh, unlike the beef jerky like, charred strips you usually get in a gyro. The tzatsiki was definitely homemade because the flavor was so creamy and on-point! The FRIES! OMG! I would go back just for the fries! They are covered in delicious Greek spices including olive oil. Add feta because, let's face it, everything is better with feta. They are finger-licken good! Now for dessert. We had to have baklava and we were definitely not disappointed. We also tried the feta cheesecake which was something different and very interesting. If you're a texture person you might have an issue with this because you can taste the little pieces of cheese but it was actually really really good! They serve it with this honey sauce that is really good, but get it on the side because it's a little thick. I feel like the atmosphere could have been a little better, I kinda felt like we were in a cafeteria, but the patio was cute (it was raining during our visit so we couldn't sit out there). There is very little parking so try to carpool, but definitely try this place out! It's awesome!
Went here based on the merits of all the other reviews on Yelp for this place. To be honest, I was not at all impressed with the quality of the King Gyro. The meat did not taste fresh, and there was way too much tzatziki sauce (which was a bit bland for my taste), to the point where I had to scrape most of it off. The fries were also soggy, undercooked and under-seasoned. The hummus was decent but nothing to write home about. On the upside, the counter service was friendly, and my girlfriend really liked her Rice Pilaf with Chicken Platter. Maybe it was just me, but it just wasn't very impressive, especially considering the numerous Mediterranean options available in Orlando. If you want a good gyro, there are many better options; Hubbly Bubbly immediately comes to mind.
Had this for the first time for lunch yesterday, absolutely delicious! I can't wait to go back again. The soup was divine and the shrimp special was also great. I was definitely impressed.
UPDATE: The Falafel is my new favorite thing here....delicious!!!!!!!!!!!! Having another today.
We love this place. Not only is the staff very friendly, but the food is great!  Both the gyro and the falafel are amazingly delicious. The baklava is sticky sweet, and all of the sides taste so fresh.
I LOVE this place. I'm pretty snobby when it comes to my greek food and they do it top notch! The king gyro is out of this world and their selection of deserts are pretty amazing. I visit this place at least once a week as it's super convenient to my house. The entire staff is always super friendly and go out of their way to always ensure happiness. It's such a great addition to the neighborhood.
YUM!  This is a gem right in my neighborhood. They have all the Greek staples - gyros, moussaka, hummus, dolmades (grape leaves), etc.  I ordered the grilled chicken, sautéed in greek spices and served with rice, pita, and my choice of a salad.  I got the tabbouleh.  The chicken was tender and TASTY.  The pita was warm and yummy and tasted awesome with the chicken.  The tabbouleh was delicious as well, with just the right balance of mint.  I also ordered the dolmades ($3 for an order of 3) and they were AWESOME.  One of my favorite mediterranean dishes, done right! I have yet to try the baklava... but next time it's ON.  I did have a sample of one of their other desserts - something involving cheese and honey.  Totally delectable. The location is small and not much to look at... but they do have some outside tables and when the weather is nice it is great to sit outside and enjoy a nice, casual meal! The other great thing about this place?  There's ALWAYS Groupons and Living Social deals popping up for
Best gyro I've ever had. The place is super clean and everyone is always very nice. I look forward to exploring more of the menu but it's hard because the king gyro is so good!
This place has ok Greek, but I did not find it to be as spectacular as some of the other reviewers. The gyros were a little light on meat, my table got two orders of the fries and they were inconsistent; one had more cheese than the other. I will say the baklava was some of the best I've ever had, and their iced tea was very good. I would go back if I found myself in that area, but I would not go out of my way to have another meal there.
Authentic Gyros and Mediterranean flavors1 Greek fries are awesome but too much oregano can overpower them at times.
Great for a quick, healthy bite on a budget. The gyros are good - the Greek fries and Greek salad are even better. It's a small space, and tables and parking can be hard to find during busy hours. But it's worth the effort.
Med Blue, as I like to call it, is one of those local spots that you hope for selfish reasons does not blow up popularity-wise, because then you will never find parking, or will have to wait in long lines to order. While I have had trouble maybe once or twice for parking, the insurance company next door does not tow after-hours. And any line I have had to wait in has moved very quickly, as the service here is top-notch. The food... well I never cared for Greek food before, until I came here. I have yet to have a bad meal. The Greek salad is fresh and has a tangy delicious dressing. The gyros are served on soft, chewy pitas. The cheese fries- french fries with feta cheese and herbs.. so good! If you follow Mediterranean Blue on Facebook, they post daily specials. They also have a nice patio area and serve beer and wine. A great spot to meet up with some friends for a casual lunch or dinner.
Very nice establishment for great food at a very reasonable price. It may be a small joint but its still great for lunch/dinner.
Smallest portion of meat in a gyro I have ever seen. I have had tastier at mall food courts.
Love this place. Been here a few times thanks to my bf. Delicious wraps. It's right in the corner of osceola and michigan. Outdoor sitting, perfect for those nice cooler days. Gets busy.
Delicious gyros and fries!
I went there and had a falafel gyro with tahini and tzatziki sauce and it was amazing I felt like I was eating the food I did when I traveled to Greece. The humus was awesome alongside the pita bread. The staff is very welcoming and makes sure your taken care of.
Amazing gyros! Fantastic baklava! We found Mediterranean Blue on Yelp while leaving Orlando. I think this will have to be a part of all our future trips!!! Sooo good!
Such a great little place to get some delicious authentic Greek food! I ordered the falafel with tahini and had a side of pea and artichoke salad. The price was right and the meal was phenomenal! All the sides displayed in the front case are vegan, my plan is to go back and try every one during my next visits. The girl at the front couldn't have been nicer, everyone working seemed happy and were extremely helpful. I have officially found my favorite spot in Orlando for my Grecian food needs.
I figured out the secret ingredient in the Greek fries with feta: CRACK. OMG I love them. My boyfriend and I went last night after a long day at the theme parks. It's only 10-15 mins from Universal Studios and we needed to get away from City Walk.  The place is easy to find albeit unassuming. The lady at the cashier was so sweet. She accidentally overcharged me 75 cents and was very apologetic while she pulled it out of the register. I would have gladly let it ride! We ordered a gyro king (gyro with feta), chicken souvlaki, a large Greek salad to share, and a side of Greek fries.  My boyfriend peered into the kitchen from the counter and commented that it was spotless - always a good sign.  Service was friendly and relatively quick given that the food was made to order. Since we got the food to go, we ate the fries in the car. We MASSACRED those fries! They were fried until slightly crisp but a little soft, then tossed with oregano and salt, and topped with soft feta crumbles. Why did I never think of this? So good, in 3 minutes we were licking our fingers and trying to decide if we needed to turn around for a another order. The gyro was delicious, the meat was tender and not too salty, the tzatziki was thick and pleasantly garlicky, the bread was chewy in a good way, and the flavors were all in balance. My boyfriend also enjoyed his chicken souvlaki, said the flavors were well balanced as well.  The Greek salad was also nice, but simple, and we were already so full we had to struggle to finish it. Next time we come to Orlando this place is first on our list. Greek fries FTW. Gotta try that feta cheesecake with fig honey next time, too!
This place is amazing. My fiance brought me and we keep coming back. Everything is great. Haven't had a bad meal. Gyro is all I get. Brett and meat are perfect. I'll keep coming back.
We came in for a quick lunch on our way to the airport and I am so glad we picked this place. I was very impressed and pleased with this restaurant. The restaurant looked very clean and organized. The young guy who took our order was very pleasant and friendly! Everyone working there seemed to be very nice and happy to be there! We ordered the King Gyro, Feta Fries, and the cucumber dressing with Pita Bread! The Pita Bread is FABULOUS and everything else tasted delicious! I will definitely be coming back to this place next time I am in Orlando. I highly recommend this place.
This was  our 1st visit here to the small, but inviting corner eatery. I have passed by it for years but thanks to Yelp reviews, finally decided to take my Gyro loving spouse to try it out. The menu is a well rounded selection of the most popular Greek offerings. It's not overwhelming, which usually means they can focus on making the selections they offer good. And they do! I had the chicken souvlaki (pic) and a small order of hummus (pic). My flavor filled spiced pieces of chicken were nestled in a warm pillow of pita goodness along with a generous amount of home made fresh taziki, a few tomatoes, and sliced onion. The Hummus was delicious, fresh and flavorful with a touch of lemon. My gyro loving spouse had the pork souvlaki - whaaaat?!- and the Greek fries. He also enjoyed his souvlaki & the fries were yummy but nothing WOW worthy. He also sampled the falafel. This was my first time trying falafel & I was overwhelmed by the flavor. Too much for me, but hey, I'm Cuban not Greek. The baklava was good, once again, nothing WOW, but good just the same. Although I haven't met a bad baklava yet ;o). Inside was small, clean & neat as was the outside. There is sparse seating inside & out as well as sparse parking. Overall a nice SODO gem I'll visit again.
Technically would like to give it 3.5 stars. First the good.....everything I've ordered here was pretty good. Although the Greek fries were a little greasy for my taste I enjoyed everything else. I've probably eaten here about 3x in the last 6 months. Very cute and clean on the corner there but the bad? I don't know if it's really bad but the same soft spoken guy is always there when I go and he seems shy and like he doesn't know anything and always has to ask the woman (who may be the owner) and since this used to be a gas station, the bathroom is OUTSIDE of the restaurant which is a total negative especially if you have to leave your meal to tinkle and it's raining. NO BUENO. Every time I go there does seem to be a slight sewer odor too. This is probably because the building is old. All in all, I would go back for sure but maybe on a nice day so I can sit outside at one of the patio tables.
First time, but not last time. Many of my circles will know about you before I finish the praises. Thanks for your flexibility with vegans--this should be added to the Vegan-friendly Orlando list. See you soon :)
My only regret is not trying the Feta cheesecake with Fig honey.  Now I have to go back.  Well twist my arm.  Mediterranean Blue serves up authentic Greek cuisine on Michigan Street just south of downtown.  Unpretentious and easy to miss even though it is on a busy street corner, the food speaks for itself.  They don't even have a big sign out front, just a sandwich board, but if you want the real thing this is apparently the place to go. More of a Greek deli, there is a deli case lined with such goodies as lentil and brown rice salad, chickpea salad and kidney bean salad.  You can mix and match anything to suit your wishes from a veggie platter to a real gyro. Chad ordered one of their specials which was a platter of seasoned rice, a choice of meat (he chose the mini falafels) and a side (he went for the tabouli.) Though he did enjoy it, the falafels had obviously been cooked earlier in the day and just reheated.  They were a little on the chewy and hard side, but the flavor was good.  If you could get past the chewiness. I ordered the Mom's grilled seasonal vegetable wrap- a pita filled with eggplant and onions drenched in a slightly spicy marinara sauce.  It was tasty though a little boring.  I don't even really know what they could have done to give it a little more va-voom.  Next time I would probably order the veggies without the marinara and add some feta and tzatziki sauce. That was my problem.  I always get tzatziki sauce when I go to a Greek restaurant.  Serves me right for straying from my favorites. I also sprung for the Greek fries- fried potatoes with olive oil, sea salt and oregano and I topped mine with feta cheese for an extra $.75.  They were decent. We will definitely visit again but we would order something different like the Caprese sandwich with tomatoes and mozzarella or the veggie platter with a combo of all the yummy looking salads in the deli case.  I think I just ordered the wrong thing (which happens) though we can't explain the over chewy and hard falafel. There was a steady stream of people coming through as this is a popular place on the all the review boards.  A small dining space and a slightly larger outdoor area would make it difficult to maybe find a place to sit during the busy hours but that is a great problem to have as a restaurant owner. We will give it another chance for sure, but next time I am not leaving without a piece of that Feta cheesecake.  For now, 4 out of 5 sprouts- the portions are small, the falafel was not very good but there are a lot of menu items to choose from for someone who doesn't eat meat.  That's big in our book- to be able to have many options instead of the standard lettuce, tomato and onion wrap.  I will update after our next visit.
PERFECTION. This is a must go to in Orlando. The chicken souvlaki pita and gyro are the best in town. The tzatziki sauce is thick and flavorful and never lacking on their food (which I'm not complaining about!). Hummus is good with a lot of garlic, while Greek fries were seasoned well, but at the end of the day are fries. The staff are quick and so sincerely nice, you want to come back!
This place was highly recommended by several people online for Orlando local eats...glad we stopped by even though it was 28 mins away from our hotel. Damn good gyros and the fries were unique needless to say tasty. The olive tapenade was also delicious!
What I really like about Mediterranean Blue is that its cheap, fast, and delicious. The gyros, chicken souvlaki, falalel, or whatever "meat" you choose is wrapped in a pita with onions and that tasty taztziki sauce, all for $7-8. I also had a side of their fries and baklava. Overall, it is really great for that Greek craving, but it could be overrated in my opinion. Service was great and there was sufficient seating during lunch time. Just be careful in this area. Not gonna lie, but it's questionable and sketch. I'd probably only come back if I were in the area and it was during the day.
This was my first time here and I went out on a limb to bring some clients as well. Everyone loved it!! The first positive was the staff. We told the cashier it was our first time at the restaurant and he took the time to explain the concept and the meals to those who haven't been to a Greek restaurant. The other person behind the counter promptly offered us a sample of anything behind the glass. As far as the food was concerned, it was top notch. I had a salad, so nothing earth shattering, but the dressing was good and the Gyro was moist and cooked well. Everyone else loved their lunch as well. So this is a great place for lunch and I look forward to coming back.
If it was not for the food this would have been a 2 star review.  This was my first time at Med Blue after seeing their high rating on Yelp.  It was a bit off the beaten path so I figured that it had to be great to get 4.5 stars and over 150 reviews.  Food was taste but small.  The portions were so small I thought I was in Europe.  When we asked for extra sauce - that cost 75 cents each.   I had a small Greek salad and it was SMALL.  More like a side salad and than paid $3 to add chicken to it (all 5 pieces). In review, if you want tasty food and are not very hungry - this is your place.  If you would like to leave full - come with your pockets full of money or plan on hitting a drive thru either before or after your meal. I had a small salad with chicken and a small potato salad (no drink) and paid $11.
Loooove this place and cannot believe I've never written a review. Discovered this place when it opened several years ago. It was sooo good and still is! Great, simple menu with fresh flavors. Not to mention the friendly staff.  Definite recipe for success! My favorite meal is the falafel wrap with tzatziki sauce dressed with lettuce, onion and tomato. And you can't have this without a side of their Greek cheese fries(fries with oregano, salt and feta cheese)! If you have room in your tummy, grab a slice of their baklava that literally drips in honey! Or just do what I do and grab a slice to go! :). The mussels in wine sauce are delicious as well. They serve with pita bread which threw me off but it is a delicious and light appetizer and worth trying . Over the years, they had a patio built which I love because the inside fills up pretty fast and it's nice to get some fresh air under the shade.  They are also dog friendly so feel free to bring your pup and dine outside. I try to make my way here when I am on this side of town. I'm hoping they eventually expand but until then I will continue to venture out to this darling little gem South of Downtown. Check it out!
Delicious. But not great. Wayyy better places with more meat. No option to do only lamb gyro. Believe me, I am not picky... but for the price, you can get more meat elsewhere and more authentic.
Greek fast food done right. Have not yet tried their meal plates, but from the gyro and fries we had I'm sure only good things come from that kitchen. Excellent salads and baklava, the French beer we tried went vet well with the food. As you've read from other reviews I'm sure, the gyros are very well proportioned, and are excellent with the Greek fries.
Love this little Greek place. The owners and staff are always nice, the food is always good and it's casual, fast and yummy. I love it more ever since they added the little chairs, tables and umbrellas outside. Their hummus, tzatziki, gyros, fresh daily salads they have on display, greek salads are all delicious!
I'm on the hunt for gyros that resemble the ones I ate for lunch and dinner every day in Greece. What's crazy is that in Greece, gyros are something you eat on the go, the Big Mac of Greece. Never ever at a sit down restaurant. We started with falafel, something that they don't even offer in Greece. That had mini falafels, they didn't really taste much like falafel, but once dipped in hummus, they were pretty good. We all got gyros, the meat was really good, so was the pita. The tzatziki was seriously lacking in the garlic department.   In Greece, the tzatziki is so so garlicky that it's actually spicy, and forget about kissing anyone, ever again. Overall it was good, nice and cheap, which is a huge plus and the staff was super nice. I'll be back for sure.
Great Mediterranean food! I love to eat Mediterranean food- especially the "staple" items like Gyros, Greek Salad, Grape Leaves, Tabbouleh, Hummus, Schawarma, etc. Mediterranean Blue does NOT disappoint! I have been to this restaurant about 5 times, half the time eating in, and half the time taking it to-go. The restaurant is a medium "diner style" setting, with large glass windows surrounding the outside, and a small counter with various items in a cooler (salads, grape leaves, etc). The service has always been excellent, and I've even found myself standing around talking to the owners on several occasions (with to-go food in my hand). If you like Greek food, you will love this place.
Bottom line - easily the best gyro in Orlando. Tough to find anything new to say about this place, but I will give it a whirl anyway.  While it is small and parking can be a challenge, Blue is more than worth a trip over to Michigan St.   The gyro combo is easily one of the best deals in town.  Tasty and very filling. The meat is perfectly cooked and seasoned and the sauce is some of the best you will ever eat.   The staff is super friendly and the service is top notch.   Overall, if you even remotely like Greek food, there is just no reason for you not to give Mediterranean Blue a try.
I had read a fair share of reviews stating that they make very good gyros here and I had the pleasure to finally try it out for myself and realize that they were absolutely right. It's true; get the gyro with the feta cheese, it takes the gyro to a whole different level. Add fries for .99 cents and you have a the perfect meal for under $10. Not only was the food flavorful and filling, but the service was good too. Note that they're not open on Sundays (I found out the hard way) and park towards the back of the building, it'll be easier to get out on to traffic.
YUM!!!!! Tried Med Blue on a whim and couldn't have been happier! Got the Gyro and French Fries. Both were super good- and I have to admit that I don't always care for Gyros- especially if they taste too, well, lamby. This Gyro was perfect. Not too much tzatziki sauce- everything was portioned perfectly. I also had the Hummus and Pita. It was good. Nothing amazing. Could have used a bit more garlic for my liking, but I would defintiely order again. Unlike a full on Greek Restaurant, you aren't going to find Rotisserie Chickens with roasted potatoes, pan seared fish, or other large Greek Dishes here. This is more of a "wrap your hands around" a sandwich, red backet full of fries kind of place. Like Greek-Cafe food. Yah.     Woke up Sunday morning and planned on eating lunch here...but they are closed on Sundays. Sad. I had my taste buds set for Mediterranean Blue yesterday. This is a small, family owned restaurant with a feel of a Greek Cafe. It's VERY CLEAN and the owners seemed proud of their place! The customers seemed to be very comfortable and like they frequented OFTEN. There is some seating inside, but they recently added table with umbrellas outside. Very nice. You order from the counter and they bring you your food. There is a daily special and most food items are on display so you can visually see what you might want to order. Very well thought out. What else can I say? Cheap eats. Super Yummy. Very pleasant staff. Clean Mom and Pop place. Im a fan for sure!!! Only wish they were open on Sunday...but I guess we all need a day off, right?
The lemon chicken soup was great! Just the right balance of flavors and constancy. The baklava was rather soggy instead of a delicate crispness. Would try again.
Fresh and delicious Falafel, baklavah, fries Warm, tasty, Greek treats Haiku Yelp Review #3
LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. I love this place. It's simple, it's inexpensive, and the people working there really love the food (the owner's daughter runs the register almost every time I go). I have had the gyro king (gyro with feta), the chicken souvlaki, the spanakopita, the greek fries, the fiery feta dip and the baklava. The gyro is def the best in town. The meat is actually very moist and flavorful with a homemade tsatziki and a heaping mound of feta...add a little sriracha or some hot sauce or both for the perfect experience. It is THAT good. The spanakopita is a close second. The crust doesn't have that weird processed after taste. Instead it has a flaky, buttery crust filled with fresh spinach and cheese. I would punch a baby seal to have some of this when it comes out of the oven (Disclaimer: No baby seals have been harmed). Everything I have had is delicious. I recommend this place to everyone and will shout from the rooftops if prompted.
I was trying to coordinate lunch with a Freshfields Farm run. I would be stopping by on a Monday, when I don't eat meat for Meatless Monday. I needed a place with such options and I checked out Mediterranean Blue's menu and thought their Falafel Sandwich sounded tasty. We got to the restaurant in time to beat the lunch rush. This eatery only has a few tables inside, but you'll find a handful of them outside as well. There are a number of tasty sandwich options to choose from, I went with the Falafel Sandwich and added and order of Greek Fries on the side for .99.  They also have a bunch of side items and salads to choose from as well. We got a side of Spanakopita to go with our sandwiches.  Everything we tried was delicious.  Bryan raved about his Original Gyro.  Both of our sandwiches came with some homemade tzatziki. Combine that with the fillings encased in a fluffy pita and it was heaven. Even the fries seasoned with salt and oregano were worth getting. The service was very friendly.  This is a family run restaurant with a lot of love put into it.  I so enjoy when I discover a local eatery that I can't wait to go back for more.  My drive across town for produce just got a whole lot tastier with a stop a Mediterranean Blue!
My husband and I love Greek food and we stopped here by chance while going to the fresh farms market. We both love a good gyro so we both got the classic gyro they have there with an order if fries for a quick lunch. The food was fast and good fora quick Greek place yet I wouldn't say it was the best gyro ever, but it was the best in orlando thus far!
Great unassuming Greek food, in an area of town that I rarely visit. Great spot for a lunch date - it's super casual (you order at a counter) but it's quick, fresh and delicious. The fries are great, as everyone claims, and the falafel is good too. They have reasonably priced lunch specials - really, the only downside is that there is a place on the menu where they spell meat as "meet."
This place exceeded our expectations. It's a very small diner type setup with only a small area to eat inside and a few additional tables outside. You order your food from the counter. I wasn't expecting much, incorrectly judging the book by it's cover. I found this is a great little mom and pop shop with some outstanding food. I ordered a Gyro and Fries with cheese. It took about 15 minutes for my food. The gyro was fresh and extremely tasty. The fries were also awesome. They mix feta cheese with oregano, then cover the fries. Loved both! I haven't been to many Greek places, but this is now my favorite.
Family owned and operated, and obviously true Greeks.   The lady who runs it is SUPER friendly and willing to share the history of their food and culture with anyone who wants to listen and learn.  Its obvious she takes pride in her product and wants all her guests to be happy.  Her husband who does most of the line/running was equally as pleasant!   The place was clean and has a nice little patio for sitting out.  It's set back just enough from the street and on a side of the lot you don't feel you're breathing in nothing but fumes. Had the obviously homemade felafel gyro which was delicious and tried the Mediterranean Fries I think they were called.  The fries were good, but at their heart, fries.  It was a delicious twist on a standard, but nothing prolific.   Also tried the habit forming baklava, which is hand made there every day. I will definitely return. Greek food is actually very healthy and you can taste the fresh there.  (Well except the Gyro, they use the same gyro meat every other greek place does from Kronos I think its called).
Great Service!  The fries and king gyro was good.  Try the cheesecake!  THAT was incredible!
Not this place needed another high-star review, but here is mine. I have past by Mediterranean Blue from time to time and always wondered how it was. Stopped by one day and had a King Gyro which was $7.25. You order it at the register and then you take a playing card placard to put on your table while you wait. Once its ready, a person comes to bring it to you. There's also Greek music playing which is pretty cool in a place like this. The king gyro that I had consisted of the lamb, tzatiki sauce, tomatoes and feta cheese.  My counterpart had a regular gyro which had lamb, cucumber, tomatoes, and tzatiki sauce.. just without the feta cheese. I think mine was missing the cucumbers and some other veggies. Oh well. I was too lazy to get up and say something so I just ate it. It was delicioussss even without the missing veggies. I tried the fries also which was seasoned perfectly. Not sure what it was but it was great. Good place. Clean. Friendly. Good stuff.
This is easily one of my favorite places to eat. The gyro king is always in my order. They make fresh salads (cucumber dill is amazing, chicken and orzo, and lentil, etc.) I love this place. I can't say it enough. The French fries are incredible.  Baklava is sooo good.  Eat here! You will not regret it.
Great, clean place to eat. The service was wonderful and the gyro was tasty.. I'll agree with others the fries were delicious..
I thought to myself, I have to work on this bookmark list.  Today was one down.  We cruised by and decided that we were in the mood for a gyro.  Being a Greek place, that is what they do.  My wife went with the pick three salad entree, then decided to eat half of my gyro.  Such a clever ruse to get me to eat veggies.  The food was good and they even had some Greek beer to quench your palette.  The food was good and there was enough parking with some outdoor seating too.   Overall, not bad and a good price.  Worth a stop in and looksee.
Pretty much amazing! Their everything is so good! I don't live any where near this restaurant but when I'm close ill swing by for a gyro! They also cater!
Greek food falls into my top three favorite cuisines, but I do not get to have it often as there are limited establishments on my side of town.  My husband and I were getting ready to take the hike downtown to do some marketing at Fresh Field Farms, and I used my handy dandy Yelp app to locate restaurants nearby, thankfully Mediterranean Blue showed up as the number one spot. It took about thirty minutes to arrive, and our stomachs were grumbling.  It appeared that we were the first ones there of the day, as there were no other patrons in view.  The employees welcomed us with a smile, and confirmed that we made good ordering choices (we each ordered a Gyro King and we split a small order of feta cheese fries).  Our food came out quickly, and we were both pleasantly surprised with the taste, the presentation, and the portion size - an overall win.   As we received our food (around 12:20 p.m. on a Saturday) the crowd started to pick up, and almost every table was full.  We will absolutely be back when we're on this side of town.
Enjoyed an early dinner at this establishment on Saturday, Dec 28, 2014 before attending the Russell Athletic Bowl over at the Citrus Bowl stadium. Moderately priced menu, warm "Greek" environment tastefully done, family staff atmosphere, delicious sides and salads, and a very nice Chicken Souvlaki were my reward. I also added on a small serving rice pudding and it was delicious. Skip the Greek fries (mine were lukewarm and the spices shaken onto them seemed to be an afterthought)--I wasn't supposed to eat them anyway! Next visit here I'll try out the falafel sandwich.
I wasn't ready to give them the 5 banger because I LOVE me some Gee-yros!  I like to think of myself as Orlando's unofficial Gyro dork. *SELF PROCLAIMED*   They nailed it. Factors of a perfect gyro: 1. Shaved meat off the spit. If it ain't shaved, it's a yeti. and A piece of crap. 2. Nice char on the meat!  Gotta love the touch of crisp on a nice shaved lamb spit 3. Perfect balance of onion, taziki, and meat 4. Warm Pillowy Pita 5. THE BONUS! THE KICKER!  The I CAN'T BELIEVE I ATE IT WITHOUT FETA BEFORE THIS DAY!  Feta cheese on it.   Get the Super Gyro(comes with feta)...  and dance with me!!!!! Opa!!!!
Let's see... what can I even say about Med Blue? Best customer service ever. As a local of this area, I have seen business' come and go (with the exception of Bakery Plus which I think will NEVER close). Gail and, her brother, Bob are just about the nicest people you will ever meet. The first time I went with Chris, my beau, Gail treated us like she had known us for ages. Every customer that came in was treated like family. We loved that interaction and were sold by her commitment to her customers. Not only did we feel like we were already part of the family, we got the history of Med Blue and we were told about her mom's amazing recipes. We have met the woman herself and she is the cutest and sassiest thing ever! I have had my fair share of spanikopita but Med Blue's is down right the best that I have ever had. Chris is DEFINITELY NOT a fan of spinach... but one fork-full of this stuff and he was sold. Everything we have ever tasted there is incredible and the fact that you are family when you walk in makes this place worth the trip. We have moved further and aren't able to make the trip as often as we would like... but thats probably a good thing because I would make their food every single meal of my life. No joke. I would ask for Spanikopita, greek fries and their baklava cheesecake as my final meal. Do yourself a favor and ignore the negative reviews of this place. The truth lies in the 5 star reviews they have received. They are truly something special in a haystack every day food you are used to getting.
Yum! The gyros and chicken souvlaki are amazing! The staff was very friendly. I love that it's close to my work and perfect for a quick lunch. I have recommended it to friends and coworkers who all love it too :-)
In one word? Delicious In two words? Must Try In three words? Do Not Wait... GO NOW! Ok, so I waited way too long to try this place and I am upset cause I have been missing out. Jeff O, I should listen to you way quicker next time... that makes sense right? Anyway... onto the experience: Headed over here with Chris R and my bf Peter M.  We were ready to try everything but we knew that would be too much for lunch. They greeted Chris R (who has been here before) with a "Welcome Back!" I thought that was nice. I also picked up Drink to read Jeff O's article and said it out loud and the lady behind the counter said... "Ahhh, we know Jeff O!" Awesome! Everyone was so nice that worked here and since it was Peter and I's first time they walked us through the entire menu. We just missed the lunch rush by 10 minutes so we took our time reviewing the AMAZING menu. They will also allow you to taste any salad before you order it which they encourage, such amazing customer service. So I went with the caprese sandwich and a small fry. You HAVE to try the fries, they are the best greek fries I have ever had in my life, well seasoned and salty, perfecto! Now the caprese sandwich was made to perfection and the mozzarella was melted perfectly, it almost disintegrated in my mouth it was so delicious. We also spit a platter with 3 choices from the deli case and we got pasta salad, hummus and falafel balls which came with sliced pita. The pasta salad, phenom! The hummus was not flavored so it was just ok, I am spoiled with flavored hummus now. It was the first time I tried falafel and I was not a fan. Chris R said not to judge it on the balls as they were not that good. So possibly pass on those. It's a pretty small place so if you want a seat during lunch, go at 11:30 so you can grab a seat. 5 stars for sure!
LOVE IT LOVE IT! Twice I said it! With capslock and everything! The chicken souvlaki is flavorful and filling. I had a side of black bean salad which was kind of "blew my mind" good. So many individual and distinct flavors that go so well together. Neither overpowering the other. The service was incredibly friendly. Pretty sure it's a family run biz and it really shows. They are so nice! Now I have to go back and try all their other stuff...
Any place that greets you with an immediate and warm "hi!" deserves a star right off the bat. Now, when it's a creepy, we-want-your-money-give-us-money kind of "hi", then no star should be awarded. The service is beyond amazing. The gracious lady behind the counter allowed us to try the various side items that they had, which changes every so often, and offered explanations of what they were when we asked. All the items that we tried were excellent! I especially love their pasta salads. Pita & Hummus: So good that the next time I'm craving hummus, I am coming here to get a large container of it instead of going to the store. Falafel: Perfect crispiness and softness. Flavors are amazing. We got it with the tzatziki sauce. Comes with a side item of your choice! Souvlaki: The chicken was grilled perfectly. Maybe this is just me, but I love it when I can taste a mix of the delicious marinade and the "burn" from the grilling. Can't wait to try their other items. You wouldn't think so from the outside, but the place is always kept clean, and I find their decor to be warm and neat. It's relatively small, but so what? Friendly folks, clean environment, excellent food, affordable prices...I'm definitely going to be a regular here!
One of the friendliest spots in town.  You have to look carefully as you drive Michigan Street, as they have no sign along the roadway.  They are located at the corner of Michigan and Osceola. The woman who works the counter is a delight.  She let me try some Greek wine, Retsina, made from pine resin!  She said I probably wouldn't like it -- she was right.  She said in Greece they sometimes mix it with 7-Up to cut the turpentine taste! I had a gyro and some awfully good "Greek-seasoned" French fries. While I was there I noticed at least two different people who came in with their own pans and platters and placed special orders.  The chef came out and discussed the dishes at length with them.  I've never seen that before. This was my first visit, but I felt as if I was right at home.  The staff is so friendly you almost can't help but walk out with a smile on your face.
I've now been here 5 or 6x, so I can update this review with more detail... The falafel sandwich is terrific! The falafels here are large, soft and cooked just right. A lot of places in town overcook them until the falafel is dark brown and hard, but that's not the case here. Quite possibly the best falafel in town! The chicken souvlaki is also a hit! Big chunks of white meat, seasoned in herbs give you full flavor in a delicious pita wrap with tzaziki, onions and tomato. I've tried a few more of the cold salads as well. Cucumber salad, tabbouli, eggplant/pasta salad, collard greens-Greek style! Everything is very fresh and flavorful. And light! The impressive factor about Mediterranean Blue is that you can eat relatively light if you wish... If a pita sandwich is to heavy for you, then try a combination of salads, grape leaves, and/or a spanakopita. And, I have to agree with Alice K. The baklava is the best you'll probably ever have! You have got to try this thick, sweet, crunchy and flaky pastry. It's fresh and very gratifying! Lastly I want to mention that MB uses eco-friendly plasticware and containers. Biodegradable! Forks, knives, spoons, and cups are made from plants. Just another reason why I champion this restaurant. Gail and Bobby G in the house!
It's places like Mediterranean Blue that remind me how much I like Yelp. It's highly unlikely that I ever would have learned about them if it had not been for the glowing reviews. What's better is when those reviews are spot on. I ordered the king gyro (gyrdo with feta) and a side of their Greek fries. You have the option to add feta to the fries as well, but it seemed like overkill. The gyro was fantastic, although I don't think adding the feta to it made enough of a difference to do so again. The Greek fries were a perfect companion to the gyro, and while I don't think they needed anything, next time I will probably have feta added to them. It's not like I can just say no to any cheese! What am I, a robot!?! My girlfriend had the provence, which was pretty awesome itself. Ham,  brie, and some herb butter. Not nearly enough places use brie, which is a shame because it's basically oozy magic. We must look dangerous... A little and Bonnie and Clyde maybe, because while everyone was friendly, it was not the total lovefest that others have described. This doesn't bother me since I'm not really a people person, but based on the other reviews I was half expecting to get tackled and hugged when walking through the doors. Looking forward to our next visit!
Was greeted very warmly when I came in. They very happily gave me a "tour" of everything they had to offer and suggested a few things to taste first. I ordered the Falafel with Tahini, the King Gyro (Feta added), and Hummus. I've never had Falafel before so was unsure about it. First bite... Wow!! Soft, tender, yummy - I'm a fan! The Gyro... Holy mother of awesomeness!!! I cannot stop saying, WOW!!! The pita is so warm and soft. The meat is thickly sliced and so delicious. They stuff that pita full of meat too. This is how a Gyro should be! I could go on and on, but think you should go try it yourself. Get thee to this Greekery now!!!
For a quick lunch, you can't beat this spot in Sodo.   I've been back and while the main menu is staying stable, they seem to be adding more daily sides every time I go in.  Today it was a cucumber salad that was sweet, tart and savory, all in one.  A true delight!  Fresh cucumbers in a marinade that reminded me first of sweet pickles, but there was extra tangyness from the vinegar and the savory came from the dill.  It was awesome. They had the stuffed grape leaves and I saw spanikopita (spinach pie) offered on the hot tray.  SO YUMMY!   The falafel tasted homemade (ie; not from a freezer box) and the taziki was delicious.   Love this place!
When I pulled up to this little place, I saw it was packed. Good sign, and there's definitely a reason for it. From the moment you walk in, you notice how clean and friendly this place is - even the soda fountain, which I know can get messy fast, was spotless. If you pay attention closely enough to those sort of things like I do, then you'll also see that their plastic-ware and napkins are all eco friendly, biodegradable and made from corn...! I was greeted warmly and dealt with patiently while I went over the menu and decided. I went with the Gyro King and it was AMAZING! Easily the best gyro I've ever had, and I'm crazy about gyros! Everything from the meat to the feta is just, better. The texture, the taste, how hot and fresh it was.. I could drool over that gyro for days. Unlike other gyros I've had in the past, the meat on this one is thick and chunky instead of thinly sliced, with a big taste to match. Their Greek fries on the side were spectacular - if you haven't had fries finished with olive oil, now is the time to try it. The smoothness of the oil compliments the sea salt and oregano incredibly well. Its harmonious. And yes, this relatively cheap, quick lunch was good enough for me to write about it as if I'd just thrown back some truffles. Its that good, folks. For dessert, I took home some mini baklava. Baklava is another one of those foods that I am absolutely crazy about and have eaten a lot of, and like the gyro, the baklava is spectacular. I was buying some to-go when the cashier, whom I assume is one of the owners, pointed out a sweet older woman walking toward us from the back. I am making another assumption here, she seemed like her mother, and I was told that she just made that baklava fresh this morning. You can really tell that there is a certain amount of love that goes into this dessert and meeting the person who made them cemented that. Getting a hug from a woman who reminds me of my own beloved grandmother certainly made having them that much better! That's the beauty of this place - the spectacular people match their food so well. It all comes together for one lovely experience. I walked out feeling as if I had just treated myself to a five star dinner, when in reality, I had a half hour lunch. Overall, I left knowing that I absolutely must come back to this place. People are addressed by first name here and you feel like family when you're eating here. Great food, great people, what more could you ask for?
Our original attempt at visiting mediterranean blue was thwarted by the fact that they're closed on Sundays - though the did happen to be open for a special event that day. We've been meaning to head back for a few weeks now and finally got around to it. Finding the place is a little tough. It's a tiny little place with no easily spotted sign. Even having already been there once, I still almost drove right past them. The entree list is small, but every choice sounds better than the last one. I ended up getting the gyro king while my wife had the falafel. The friendly cashier got all excited when my wife ordered the falafel, explaining that she had eaten it every day for a week. We sat while we waited for our food. The tiny restaurant was clean, bright and sparsely decorated - with just a few photos of landmarks in Greece and a few small paintings by a friend of the family. Our food arrived and it was delicious. The portions, however, are lunch sized. It's my own fault for not paying attention and noticing, but the entree's don't include any sides. If you're especially hungry, you'll definitely want to get something extra. My gyro king was great, but I think I'd actually prefer the "regular" gyro without the feta cheese. The feta actually dries out the taste just a little too much. While we ate, Grace - the owner was strolling about talking to some of the other customers. A few of them were regulars and she actually sat down with them for a while while they discussed the future of the restaurant. This is truly a mom & pop kind of restaurant and it's awesome. If this place was closer, I'd be eating lunch there regularly.
Oh my goodness that was the best Gyro I have ever had!!!! I can't wait to go back. The Provence sandwich also looks like a must try. I am very picky about fries, but their Seasoned Fries were a home run! The staff was super friendly and the restaurant spotless! Thank goodness the weather was beautiful and we could sit out on the patio. Looks like they only have a handful of tables inside. Too bad I live in East Orlando or I might be there several times a week.
Went in for lunch over the holiday season. The location is small and definitely a family owned establishment! The family was everywhere and so welcoming and warm! You enter the diner to a deli case and ordering counter. It was our first time and we weren't sure of the restaurant's flow. We stood around for a few minutes trying to determine if we should grab a table or if we ordered at the counter, etc. We were a little put off when no one greeted us and rather most of the staff, ownership were talking to each other. A nice gentlemen noticed our confusion and went behind the counter offering us to try some off their items in the deli case. He provided us samples of the black-eyed pea salad + the cucumber salad. I offered the information that we had never been there and he responded OK - was kind of hoping he would offer up some suggestions, etc., but nothing. They have a variety of cold salads in the deli case from beet salad to the common cucumber. The menus offers about 6 gyro (yee-ros) selections and three entree options. They offer four bottled beers - all European lagers. I ordered the gyro with Greek fries, my husband ordered the gyro with feta and Greek fries, and we also grabbed a medium black-eyed pea salad. The gyros arrived at the table drenched in tzatki, or so I thought! Immediately I was grossed out, but to be a good sport I tried it anyway. It was perfection. The sauce only looked like it was ladled on, but in fact was the absolute perfect amount for it! The meat was tender and toppings seemed fresh. My husband liked his as well, but says to save yourself the extra $$ and don't get feta on your gyro - it would have been just splendid without. The fries? Best ever. The are dressed with herbs and seasoning. Oh, and we both ordered a small with our gyros and they were HUGE. I would say about the size of a medium fry order from McDonald's. The black-eyed pea salad was also a big hit! We loved it. I would highly recommend this establishment to anyone!! Great food, good service!
I love Gyros. I mean what is not to like about them? That being said, I have discovered through life that not all Gyros are created equal...However this place makes one of the best Gyros I have had. The best way to do describe this thing is too break it down by element. The pita, which others have said is made in house, is amazing. Soft, yet a little crispy. The sauce is also delicious. Greek yogurt with great essence of garlic and paprika. Really highlights the main event, the meat. The meat itself is cooked really well. Not dried out like alot of Gyro places out there. My only complaint is that they didn't put enough of it in there. Also, I added feta cheese and it was great. Clearly fresh! There are a ton of other goodies, including some really good fries seasoned with oregano, sea salt, and olive oil. I will update as I continue to frequent this place, but to those who haven't, do yourself a favor!
I thought this place was fantastic!! Oh, and thank you Yelpers for leading me there. Like others have said, greeted warmly right off the bat. Excellent. The women behind the counter was very friendly, and when I talked about seeing such excellent reviews online, she was very humble about it, and excited. I was told about what was going on in the case or offered tastes/samples though. While that probably would have made this a 5 star review, it's fine, I came knowing what I was going to get. I went with the chicken Souvlaki, and it was delicious! The seasoning was strong and it had good blackened marks, which gave it even further flavor. LOVE. The tomatoes and onion were fresh, and I really thought the tzatziki sauce was spot on. The pita also tasted more special than I have had previous, a bit of a bite to it. A nice addition. My boyfriend got the King Gyro, as he is feta nut. They did not skimp out either, it was loaded on there. He kept raving about how thick the meat was. I wonder, as I didn't try a bite, and he wouldn't know the difference, whether they use 100% lamb, or a mix like most do now. Either way, looked good. He was a happy camper. Add the "greek" fries.. which I also loved.. and I really try to to avoid fries... this means something as I ate half the order. Ended with the baklava. Thank you. Always something nice to have, and very good. There were some half nuts in there, which I liked. It was done great. All this, plus two drinks. $23 and some change. I want to experiment next time, as they have proofed they can do the basics. I cannot wait to go back. Maybe bump this to 5 stars.
Opa! Where do I start? This place is excellent! As soon as you come in you are greeted by the staff and treated like family. We tried many of the different entrees and spit them among our group. We had grape leaves, hummus, tabouli, spanakopita, pastisio, etc, etc... All I can say is everything is delicious. You have the convenience of fast food by ordering up front, as well as the having a nice sit down meal with Greek music playing in the background.
Cristina N and I pass by this restaurant on an almost daily basis seeing as how we live in the neighborhood.  She always comments on how we should try it.  So we got a hold of a couple of friends and decided to go. We met them up just as happy hour had ended (7pm on a Saturday).  Cristina had commented on it and the lady behind the counter said we could still have a drink at happy hour prices.  She even let her taste test their wine selection.  I myself had a Mythos Red which was very good. I ordered the Toscono.  It was very good.  Nothing great in my own opinion but I finished it.  We also ordered Greek Cheese Fries which were alright. Probably what made it such a good experience was the staff was extremely friendly.  Chatting it up and making us feel very welcomed. It's a smaller joint, with only about 5 tables I think and a bar with a couple stools.  Seeing as how it's so close to us I can see us stopping by for an affordable and quick meal.
Enjoyed lunch at this tidy eatery located at Osceola and Michigan in the SODO area, just south of downtown. Friend went for the chicken souvlaki and I ordered the falafel pita. An order of Hummus and Pita started us off. Each of the items we had was fresh and flavorful. If you are a fan of Hummus, then you should swing in here. NOW. Made with what tasted like toasted cumin, the overall flavor was mellow but added the right spice notes to the hummus. You could taste the creamy tahini, garlic and lemon, each was present but very well balanced and didn't overwhelm the thick chickpea base. The Pita was warm, extremely tender and fresh, really so good. My friend raved about the flavors in the Chicken souvlaki; the chicken was also very tender. My falafel was awesome, smaller moist chickpea fritters were spiced well and you could tell they were handmade in house that day. Combined with the Tzatziki and smear of hummus...absolutely wonderful. I really liked that the tzatziki has some dill, but not a ton. Again, the pita was warm, tender and fresh. After such a tasty meal we decided we couldn't leave without trying the baklava...and it was so amazingly good.  They have large and small pieces, which are lovingly made by the grandma of the owners. You can tell. Nuts and spices were perfectly blended with a hint of buttery sweetness. Not an overly sweet, super sticky mess and the mini's held up well for several days after. Service was very friendly and welcoming with suggestions made for my friend who isn't a fan of Lamb. We'll be back. Delish!!!
Mediterranean Blue was a wonderful surprise. I'd stayed away from the restaurant since it opened, knowing it's in the stand-alone building formerly housing Theo's Kitchen, a greasy spoon. But don't let the old, plain exterior fool you -- the inside was extremely clean and appeared freshly remodeled. The jovial woman behind the counter who took my order was one of the owners. I should have gotten her name. But she is Greek. She eagerly gave me a small tour of her menu and asked if I'm vegetarian, since I ordered the Mom's Grilled Seasonal Vegetable sandwich (which was a large portion of eggplant with other vegetables in a red sauce). I am, and she told me many of the items on the menu are vegetarian, and they often offer a vegetarian soup of the day (except for today). The owner also said her 80-year-old Greek mother makes the baklava each day, which is very popular. She said her mother also "just whips up whatever comes to her," and when the owner puts it in the cooler display case, it always quickly sells out. Again, the vegetable sandwich was excellent, and I told her I'd be back. The only reason I don't give it five stars is that it was a little pricier than I expected for lunch. But I am cheap. On the other hand, the place is family-owned, and I don't mind spending the extra dollar or two to help out the local business. Nice website, and full menu here: mediterraneanblue.net
Picked up some hummus, pita bread and dolmades to go and service was fairly quick although I'd recommend calling in just before you head over to make the wait feel shorter. I found the hummus to be absolutely delicious and fairly priced considering it's made in house. It's very garlicky and rich, just how I like it! I probably wouldn't order the dolmades again only because I found them to be a bit on the small side and bland. I love the feel of this small place, everyone is always friendly and I can't wait to try some of their desserts!
Mediterranean Blue is a super-solid Greek quick serve restaurant located in the former Theo's Kitchen building in Wadeview Park.  This place hits all the high notes of a well run restaurant:  tasty food, warm service and a clean facility. If it's your first time, start with the basics and get the Gyro King sandwich.  It's a traditional beef and lamb gyro with feta cheese added and is fantastic.  If you're not so much into the regular gyro meat, you should check out the chicken souvlaki.  It's not quite as tasty as the gyro, but it's probably healthier. Also be sure to treat yourself to a side of Greek cheese fries - traditional french fries basted in olive oil then dusted with oregeno before being topped off with more feta.  Yum!  Order the small:  it's big enough to share with another person.   My one knock against the food is that some things are a little salty, which is probably why it tastes so good.  But blood pressue be damned, everything on the menu is terrific. It seems like this place is run by a family, and if they're not, who cares?  Everyone provides excellent, friendly service and you can't ask for much more than that.  Well, maybe I can ask for one more thing:  a College Park location? P.S. - The baklava is excellent!
We have never been disappointed here. It's as if you were visiting your very own Greek aunt and she's an amazing cook!  The basics are there but always check the daily specials.   Just know that it's a little tricky to spot.  It's on the NW corner of Michigan and Osceola eat of Orange Av. Great for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.
This is our favorite Greek place for lunch, we eat here at least once a week or so. Almost everything has been fantastic! Seems like a family run business and they are always smiling and welcoming. My usual lunch is the falafel sandwich with tzatziki and my fiance gets the Gyro King Sandwich. All the ingredients are always fresh, the lettuce is crisp (not that old shredded kind most places give you) and the pita is amazingly warm and fluffy. We also always share a large order of the Greek Fries. (Thick-cut fries with oregano and feta cheese! Yay!) And of course I usually take some baklava home for later! They also keep various cold pasta, bean and veggie salads that you used to get as a free side, but they have recently changed that. Sad, because it was an awesome bonus, but not sad enough to stop us from eating there. You can still get a free taste if you ask though!
Great Gyros, I don't really have much to add to the other stellar reviews on here.  All of the employees area very kind and helpful.  My only complaint is that they are a little pricey for what you get.
My favorite Greek/Mediterranean place in Orlando! I got the gyro and found it to be juicy, well-seasoned, and not lacking in tahini. The fries are also very nicely cooked and are seasoned with oregano, which gives them a nice flavor. A little salty for me, but I prefer less salt anyways. The baklava was some of the best I've ever had with the honey and rose water being balanced by the filo layers and general delectable-ness. The women behind the counter were wonderful too, so I will definitely be back! True story, every time I'm driving home from work I think about getting off I-4 just to go get some of their food.
I'm a huge fan! Take out doesn't get any better than this place. The best food, served by the friendliest people. Located right off of Michigan, it's kind of a dive, so I wouldn't recommend for a date, but definitely the place to go for good food. Food: The best gyros and souvlakis in O-town. Great feta toppings and there is always plenty of goodies and specials that aren't always on the menu. The greek fries are sooo good. And the kalamata tapanade is the best. Atmosphere: there are some tables inside, and a few outside, not a lot of seating though. Not exactly a place you would take someone on a date. And to be honest, I've never actually eaten inside there, I've only ever gotten take out. But they separate everything and organize it into different bags, hot and cold. Service: Everything is made to order, so call ahead if you are going to get take out. The big guy behind the counter is as nice as they come, and the woman there always remembers you.
Great place, great food and great owners....
Easily one of the best gyros I've ever had. It was so good that I went back and ordered more food, specifically the baklava and hummus, both of which are incredible. Great, friendly staff. Great food. I'll be back.
We headed here for an early dinner (3/16) after reading all the great reviews. We were greeted warmly from behind the counter and immediately offered a menu and told about the options in the deli case for the day. We were also offered tastes/samples of as many as we wished. Decided on one chicken souvlaki and one falafel. The falafel came with a side of the day- pasta salad (or coleslaw). We also added a side of greek fries for $0.99 and baklava for dessert. All the food was spectacular! The fries were seasoned very nicely and crispy. The baklava was delicious. All for under $20. We will be happy to return!
Stopped by for a quick meal with some fellow yelpers and was pleasantly surpised.  I ordered the chicken soulvaki and greek fries plus I also tasted the gyro which were all tasty and filling.   It wasn't the best greek food I've ever had, but it was very affordable, and the service was quick and friendly.  The owners make you feel very welcome as soon as you walk in. I'm also a fan of trying new beer, so the fact they had a handful of greek brands that I've never tried AND they were on happy hour?  They get an extra star for that.
After reading all the awesome reviews I knew I had to try this place. Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. It is the type of place where you order at the counter and the food is brought out to you. I ordered a small Greek salad and hummus and pita. My husband ordered a chicken souvlaki. The lady working the counter was super friendly and brought our food out pretty quickly. My husband's food looked great! He said it tasted really good, but he did comment their was way too much sauce on it. He had to scrape some off to actually taste the flavorful chicken. I wasn't impressed with my Greek salad. It was a typical Greek salad in a small to go container. However, the lettuce wasn't very fresh. You know when lettuce starts to turn a little yellow and slimy after awhile? Yeah..that was part of the salad. The hummus was also just so-so for me. It had a good garlic flavor, but I just didn't care for the consistency. It reminded me of something you buy already made. They also don't give you enough pita slices with it. I had so much hummus left over that I had to buy another pita. I thought the prices were very reasonable and the staff was great. I will come again, but next time I will stay away from the salads.
It's a long 3 miles from my house but I always find myself running errands in this neighborhood around lunch time.   Great family and one of those places where you order too much food but then finish it.  I don't usually do desert but always end up with some kind of baklava at home.  They split it into 4ths so it's fun for the whole family.
This place is nothing short of amazing! First of all the service is great. As soon as you walk in you receive a warm welcome by the lady at the counter. She was so adorable and helpful! Since it was our first time, she gave us a little tour of the restaurant and explained the most popular dishes in great detail. I absolutely loved it! You can try different dishes in the deli bar for free, but I decided to jump straight to the Gyro King with Greek fries. Honestly, this has to be either 1st or 2nd best Gyro I've had... (The first one I had was in Athens). The fries were yummy, and flavorful...I wanted to take a whole bag home. My boyfriend order the Moussaka which is sort of an eggplant lasagna. The dish really did not sit well with him due to the strong cinnamon flavor in the beef. Therefore, he decided to order the Gyro King since his tummy was still growling. They gave him the gyro free of charge! The staff was extremely attentive and just plain GREAT! They also have a variety of Greek beers if you want to give your buds a taste of mythological cerveza. I personally like green Mythos. Take home some Baklava..you won't regret it.
Great authentic Mediterranean/Greek food. Recommend the chicken souvlaki, falafel, seasoned fries, pea salad, beet salad. Everything has always been great! Great prices too.
Great local place for a quick bite! I liked the chicken souvlaki - classic Greek!   The staff said we had to try the fries, as they would change our lives.   Have to admit, I was underwhelmed by them ... But maybe it was all the hype.
I do love this place.   The grape leaves are made in house and delicious.  Try the mozzarella and red pepper, caprese panini, so good! As noted by others, the spinach pie is top notch and they use lots of eco packaging.  A great lunch spot and afternoon snack place.
I love this place. I don't remember the name of the lady that runs(co-owns) the joint but she is my Greek food sweetheart. What a nice lady she is. Anyhow the food is great. Get the King and some fries (cheese or no cheese your choice) and some Black Currant tea and you'll be good to go. Now if you refuse to,shave your pits, wear deodorant, bathe regularly, and call yourself a hipster, and wear a sweat stained hippie beanie type hat then I hear the falafel is right up your alley.
Super casual greek fast food restaurant. Enjoyed their Greek nachos. Fried pita wedges topped with yummy bachamel sauce, olives and other veggies. Spanakopita was delicious and the chicken souvlaki was pretty good too. Not a date spot but a solid fast food stop for sure! Will check out their Baklava cheesecake next time.
This is one of my favorite places to eat by sodo. the food is authentic and made fresh. The gyros are big and full of meat, the garlic fries are big enough for two people. All the sandwiches and chicken dishes are great. They rotate out the sides so you can always try something new. Definetly recommend.
Simple authentic Greek and Mediterranean flavors at their best! I got the Spanakopita and small Greek salad, while my husband got the Gyro and Greek cheese fries. The Spanakopita and its flaky layers of spinach and feta cheese were absolutely delicious. I was a bit skeptical of their Greek fries being covered with feta cheese -- boy was I was wrong, there were so yummy! We placed a to go order at the counter and waited about 10 minutes for our order to prepared. The lady behind the counter was friendly and was very knowledgeable about  the menu. Restaurant has indoor seating and small outdoor patio with seating as well. We will definitely be back for more!
We went to this restaurant to try it out based on the yelp reviews. The counter took my order for a simple gyro and fries. I had to wait over 25 minutes for the gyro, which was awful. The fries were hot but half of them burnt and crispy. The gyro had 2 slices of meat and was very sloppy and leaked out of the wrapping. We have probably been to most all middle eastern restaurants in Orlando in 20 plus years and this was one of the worst.
Just found out the hard way they are closed on Sundays. I should have paid closer attention to the hours. Well, I just went today (Monday) and found this restaurant well deserves the praise that others have heaped upon it. I had a Gyro, with Greek fries and Dolametes (stuffed grape leaves) and everything was excellent. The prices were average for Greek food.
After reading all the rave reviews of this place I knew I had to try it.   The hubster and I ventured out on a Saturday afternoon, and I do mean ventured.  We live in the Winter Springs/Sanford area so to get there took us a good 25 minutes and $3 in tolls (going through town would have taken much longer!).  We almost passed the place as the writing on the sign just doesn't pop.  Fortunately the blue and white building gave it away. The place inside is small, with a small counter near the window and maybe 7 tables (some seat 2 others 4).  It was pretty empty around 12:30 on a Saturday, so we were able to check out the deli case, and peruse the short but sweet menu board at leisure.   We ordered 2 gyros and added the fries ( 99 cents with a sandwich!!!) , had two drinks and a box of the mini baklava.  We grabbed a small table, and when I went to get drinks the hubs started on, and finished, his piece of baklava.   The baklava was delish.  The phyllo was perfectly done, still flaky but soft, the nuts were tender from soaking in the honey and spices.  It was really hard to not eat the other two pieces, but I wanted to take them home to my boys to try.  Fortunately I was saved by the arrival of our lunch! First, let me say, I am a gyro snob.  Having lived over seas I have been privvy to some of the BEST, and I seriously mean BEST, gyro's ever, so I had pretty high expectations.  Most of the places I've tried around here, though good, tend to have overcooked meat, or incredibly strong amounts of garlic in their tsatziki  sauce. The pita on this gyro was perfect. Warm, soft, a slight chew to it.  The veggies were fresh (slices of tomato and red onion) and the sauce perfectly seasoned.  The meat, while better than any place I've tried in Florida, still didn't have the same flavor or juciness that, but it was still very good.   With all that being said, I firmly believe the fries are the star of the show.  The fries are thick. Not steak cut, but larger than a Mickey D's fry and perfectly cooked.  The outsides were crisp and the inside still retained that wonderful soft, potatoey texture.  Seasoned with sea salt and oregano they were the perfect accompaniment.  The only suggestion I have for the fries would be to order extra cucumber sauce to dip them in. They did over charge me for my order; however, when I went up to let them know, they were very apologetic and quick to do a refund.  The owner even came out from the back to see if she was needed.   Overall, the service was wonderful, the food great, the only bad thing is the restroom is outside the building and the drive is kinda far from my house.
There were two phenomenal employees working the afternoon of 5/24/12 that gave me some of the best service I've ever had in a restaurant. They let me try a sample of the falafel, and upsold me on a whole-wheat pita that I didn't see on the menu. They were gracious and attentive (the fact that they were cute didn't hurt). Oh, the food? Yea, it was the bomb also. The pita had an outrageous amount of creamy feta on it, and the lamb was perfectly seasoned. The fries were way above average, but not superb, as some reviews said they were. Ya gotta fry 'em up in duck fat to get 'the best fry in the world' designation :0
While not a 5-star restaurant, I give high marks to this place for authentic Greek cuisine and great taste. Plus the owner took the time to introduce many of the dishes to us, explaining details about the seasoning and preparation. We loved the Moussaka, Pastitsio and a few other dishes I can't remember. We tried a variety of foods and came away VERY satisfied. My partner even purchased food to take on the airplane the next day!
Cheap and yummy.  Friendly staff and convenient.  Parking can be somewhat tricky.
Driven by here so many times finally stopped in for a king gyro and their Greek fries and they're both delicious. I'll certainly be back again, soon!
So, the plan is to eat here again. We decided to check out Mediterranean Blue after reading the rave reviews on Yelp. My boyfriend got an Original Gyro and Greek Cheese Fries. I got Lemon Chicken Soup and Spanakopita. The Gyro was great (which was expected) and the fries were a treat, since he and I are Feta Cheese fanatics. Unfortunately for me, the Lemon Soup left much to be desired. I'm biased towards a Lemon Rice Soup I grew up with in my hometown. I prefer a thick soup with a strong, tangy lemon flavor. This soup was thin and stingy with substance. The Spanakopita I'm sure is a savory delight for those who love spinach, but I ordered this dish blindly and in no way blame the preparation. All in all, the service was wonderful. The staff makes you feel like family and are happy to talk to you about any of the menu items. I left underwhelmed, but I reason only due to my choices. We'll certainly be returning for some Gyros!
Easily my favorite Greek restaurant in Orlando. From the gyros to the souvlaki, everything is so delicious.  The lamb is always cooked to perfection, and the Greek fries topped with oil, sea salt, and oregano are fantastic. The entire staff is very friendly, and everything is reasonably priced. If you 're looking for a quick, cheap meail that's really tasty, you should stop in.
Finally got to try this place out! I know it's one of yelper's top spot for gyros and since most of the time my fellow yelpers won't let me down I had to bookmark these guys. Overall I though the food was very solid and flavorful as well as fresh here. Gyro was a good size and filling, the hummus was very tasty and the cheese cake baklava was banging!! Yummm. I can't say that Is my favorite gyro, imo There's one place with a better gyro, But to each their own they say. The service was very good super nice people behind the counter. Highly recommend this place, def the best gyro in that area.
Very yummy! Had the gyro king which is just a gyro but with feta. Delicious! Also had the Greek fries with feta. Can't go wrong with adding feta to everything!!
The hummus was delicious and the portion was HUGE. I ordered a large side last week and am still working on it. My souvlaki sandwich alone was not that great, but once I added hummus there was a dramatic improvement. I've since been back to try the spinach pie - very good stuff! The staff was extremely friendly and service was very prompt. It seems to be a family business, but I don't know that for fact. They might just really like each other and kind of look alike. A nice spot in Sodo for lunch or a quick dinner!
Great Gyros!! The fries always seem to be perfectly cooked (I like'em a little overcooked and crispy).  the baklava was good.   best greek south of 408.
By far, the best Greek food I've had in the Orlando area. I believe this place is a hidden gem for many locals, so glad I was recommended this place. First off, I'm very picky about the cleanliness of a place and this place was immaculate. Their staff was very friendly and offered samplings to many of their salads and desserts. I had their gyro king sandwich, typical gyro plus loads of feta cheese. The pita bread was warm and the blend of meats were juicy. By far, the best gyro in Orlando and very reasonably price. Last but not least, their feta cheese cheesecake covered in fig honey is to die for! Worth every single calorie consumed!! I can't wait to return to this restaurant and share it with my friends!
Great little place for lunch. Best gyros I have tasted, and the tzatziki sauce (white sauce) is so fresh! Just make sure to be there a bit early for lunch or order ahead because this place has limited seating inside but also has a small patio out front if outside seating is desired.
Myself and my entire team come to "Blue" at least once a week. Working off of Michigan, it's become clutch getaway from the office. People have gone on and on about the hospitality and that's nothing short of true. They're always willing to suggest a salad and even give you a sample if curiosity strikes  you. When you think about that choices around you in that area, it's great to know you have a local mom and pop that does it with such professionalism, joy, and thoroughness. My favorite sandwich has to be the Caprese with a side of sweet peas & artichoke salad. The sandwich is always toasted perfectly and no cold spots or soggy nuked bread the likes of Panera at the lunch hour. The great thing about going with the work team is that you get to see a variety of the foods and even taste a little bit of everything. The gyro is on point, the feta fries will make you moonwalk, and that lemon chicken soup that has Greek name that I never remember is amazing filling on a cold day. Don't let the one or two negative comments set you back, this place has it together and will be there for years to come -- very much like the Black Bean Deli.
Went here for lunch. This is a legit Greek restaurant (I've visited Greece). The staff was friendly and explained their best sellers. I ordered the Gyro King (it's the gyro with a bonus of feta cheese), with fries. One of the best gyros's I've had. The feta cheese was amazing.
This place has great regular items and specials. The staff is always great especially Gayle. The food takes a little bit to come to the table but that because it usually pretty busy. I usually get the gyro ( get the gyro king if you want cheese) or the pork souvlaki. The spices on the Greek fries are also great. They always have a wonderful assortment of deli salads as well. I love the fact that they use corn-based plastic ware and cups, which is Eco-friendly. My one complaint is adding meat to the Greek salad is 3 dollars making it almost ten bucks. Overall though this place is a sodo staple.
This is the first time I ate here.  I know lots of folks love this place but it wasn't impressive for me.  What was MOST DISAPPOINTING is the TINY SIZE of the gyro and no sides included.  Honestly, it felt more like a snack size.  I'd rather pay a little more and get a bigger gyro and a side included.  I won't come here again.  I'd rather go to another place that is only going to charge me a little more and get lots more food.
What a fab place. Super friendly staff. Happy people work here. They give out samples if you have questions. Ask about the salads they have behind glass. I always get the big gyro. So good.  The yogurt sauce is garlicky goodness on a pita!  Try the cheese cake. It sounds weird but the flavor are awesome.   Crowded for lunch, might need more tables. But worth the crowd.
The gyros are good. The Greek fries are delicious. The people are lovely. Good choice if you are in the neighborhood.
We love this place!  All of the food is delicious.  You must try the baklava.
I don't normally review places that I've only been to once, but this week I decided to go to Mediterranean Blue and Mediterranean Deli on back-to-back days to venture away from my usual tony's deli gyro. I feel like a gyro is very telling of how the rest of a mediterranean eatery's menu is going to be like so I'm going ahead and writing this. I want to begin by saying I have been completely converted to these two places and will now go out of my way to eat at either one. I'm going to go ahead and just do a duel review because I feel like Mediterranean Blue and Mediterranean Deli are both top notch but in different ways. Id rather to a comparison than individual reviews. The decor for Mediterranean Blue has a cleaner and more modern look than Mediterranean Deli. However, this is not to takeaway from the homey neighborhood feel that Mediterranean Deli offers. The staff at both these places are some of the best I've experienced in orlando. At Mediterranean Blue, the second I mentioned it was my first time, I was given a quick rundown of the menu and allowed me to sample there large selection of salads. The girls behind the register were very sweet. At Mediterranean Deli, I was greeted by a very cheery (I'm assuming Greek) man who really went out of his way to make everyone who entered his shop feel welcomed. If you are in a bad mood, this man will put a smile on your face. He is the definition of your friendly local business owner. I can see why both these places have such a local following. Now the gyros. Mediterranean Blue was extremely good and I got some of the best seasoned fries I've ever had at this place. I feel like this place's strongpoint is their salads but their gyro is still one of the best I've ever had. Mediterranean Deli has a larger gyro with way more meat stuffed into it, but is a little less balanced because of how much meat there is. Regardless, the gyro is still so delicious and I'll be coming back for more. All the meat is shaved off of a skewer, the way it should be. Both these places receive 5 stars from me, which I dont really hand out easily. I encourage anyone to try these places out. These kinds of establishments are the kinds of places that the people in this city need to support.
Blue is amazing! One of my favorite places to pick up lunch! All of the food is delicious and the service and staff are always delightful. Thanks for having great authentic greek food! One minor and forgivable caveat- the straws suck. They are made out of corn or something and they break so easily!
So my co-worker and I were craving some lunch and wanted something different. When we work at our 33rd St. location there isn't a whole lot of options other than chain stuff, which we like to avoid. He brought up how a friend of his mentioned that this place was great for gyros. I thought what the heck let's do it. And I am glad I did. I got the "king gyro" with fries. The pita was buttery and toasty and filled with some great gyro meat that actually tasted like something (too many places use the pre-sliced garbage that tastes like s**t). The sauce was a feta-infused yogurt sauce, it was BANGIN'!! The fries were crispy and salty with dried oregano on them.  Overall totally satisfying. I have only eaten from here once but will definitely try it again and explore the menu a bit more next time around.
This place is a little Greek gem. The food is really good and the staff is super friendly. I stop by whenever I'm in the area.
Yep, I agree with everyone else! This place is pretty darn awesome.  The gyro was amazing.  First time I have had a gyro that had layered cheese.  It starts with the crumbles Feta on top and stays for the whole gyro layered in the meat with melted cheese. The cheese, along with the perfection of the meat, made this the best gyro hands down I have ever tasted. Ever. If you are looking for good food, you want to hang with the locals, and are up for counter service in  a quaint environment,.... go!
Meh.....the veggie lunch plate was uneventful.  It was three pieces of squash, one piece of eggplant and some tomato paste (really).  I could've made this with more oomph at home....perhaps two grape leaves, some kalamata olives and some feta...you know something jazzier than tomato paste.
Why the big accolades ...what's that all about? This is not "the best ever" food. It's mediocre at best. The gyro is pretty much meatless; slivers don't count a real pieces of meat. Three bubs in my party had a gyro and without a doubt all three had the same identical comments.; stiff bread and extremely small portion of meat. And, the salads contain overripe produce. This is not impressive. Please don't overrate on Yelp...tell the truth.
For what this place aims to be, they accomplish it with flying colors. I have had the pleasure to eat here a few times in the last year - ever since discovering it on Yelp. This is a must-have if you are a fan of this kind of food. This particular occasion, I stopped by after driving a co-worker to the airport and biding time until an appointment with the mechanic. I live over a half-hour away which limits my opportunities - however, when it presents itself, I make the best of it. Others have already mentioned the main draws but I feel the need to repeat them. The YEE-RO (Gyro) King is the way to go. Deliciously seasoned beef/lamb slices layered with onions, tomatoes, and house made tzatziki sauce - covered with Feta Cheese. Seriously - it's amazing. And for just over 7 bucks, very reasonable considering the quality. Also, add on some Greek Fries and be treated to how fries should be done - tossed with Olive Oil, sea salt, and the kicker - oregano.   You are going to find a very friendly staff here with people who obviously love the stuff they are serving. They have never failed in offering a sampling of their Greek salads - generally not suited for my tastes but appreciated none-the-less. Truly, this place is a treat and the only thing that would make it better is if it was closer. If gyro's make your mouth water... If hummus makes you happy... If tzatziki tickles your taste buds... get your butt to the Blue.
Big Mega Super Shout out to @OrlandoFamStyle for suggesting this place to me. You are a Genius!! After speaking with Gail the owner and laughing about her Med Blue story I had to go ahead and share it. Gail says that people were getting confused since they are right next to an insurance company. Customers thought Med Blue was an insurance company as well. I couldn't help but laugh out loud. Med Blue, makes perfect sense. Well, I was pleasantly surprised and grateful that it was not an insurance company but a Greek restaurant. Located on Michigan Street a few blocks west of Orange Avenue. Locals come and literally hang out. Getting Gyros, Greek fries, and Baklava, etc. Oh wait...that's what I had. People are able to sit outside in the patio area and enjoy the beautiful Florida weather Gyro. Sliced beef and lamb seasoned and roasted served on grilled pita with onion, tomato, and their house made tzatziki. Fantastic. Good to the last bite. I had a big breakfast and didn't think I would be able to eat the whole thing and trust me...I did. Greek Fries. Seasoned to perfection. I had the whole bag. That's how good these were. Wanted to ask how they were made but I am sure they would have said ancient family secret. Mini Baklava. Had to end it with the perfect dessert. I really liked the mini bites and how they come cut in four pieces. Easy to share and also very easy to bring home. I was supposed to bring these home, but I ate them on the way there.
Definitely amazing. I had the king gyro with greek fries. I will be back for more soon!
Great food, and great service! The grape leaves are served warm, which is a nice treat.  Everything seems very fresh. There's a reason it is often voted Orlando Weekly's Best Greek. Their menu could be considered a little limited, but it's all very good.
I love a good, reasonably priced Mediterranean restaurant any day, but unfortunately I won't be coming back to Mediterranean Blue.  I was very happy with the friendliness of the gentleman working at the counter, but when I got my food I was so disappointed. For $10 I got a "large" Greek salad with chicken. The salad was very under-sized and sad looking and the chicken was just awful. All thigh meat, fat and all, and severely under seasoned. Not to mention a very small portion for the price. The restaurant's cost-saving measures are obvious in their delivery and it has just lost them one future visitor.
The only downside of Mediterranean Blue is its location.  Otherwise the place is awesome.  I hope they do well enough to move to a better location.   Go eat there.
This place is such a hidden gem. Everything on their menu is delicious, fresh, and homemade. I love their Moussaka which comes with a Greek salad. I like how they put a lot of feta on their food. Usually in some Greek places, they are really cheap and just sprinkle a bit of feta. This place is not stingy at all. I just wish they had more dishes on their menu!
Friendly great food
test
"Finally able to try this place. Did not disappoint. Can't wait to come back and try some more things. Today it was Greek salad with mini falafel, hubby had the gyro with Greek fries. And we finished with a slice of feta cheesecake with fig honey. All of it was delicious. The owners were so friendly and welcoming that we can't wait to go back."
Every time I ever drove by this during lunch time, I would always notice how packed it was.  If there was ever a reason to check out a restaurant, that might be it.  My husband especially loves greek food, so he would probably give this five stars.  It's a casual little place, and the staff is friendly.  The food didn't arrive quickly, but hey, it's fresh, so I'll take that compromise!  It's busy for a good reason, and worth stopping in.  Try a weekend when business is a little slower.
If you're a fan of gyros and other fresh and delicious greek fare, Mediterranean Blue may soon take over your greek cravings! They have quickly become one of my new favorite food spots. Their king gyro is out of control good!! Soft pita bread wrapped around tender gyro meat, topped with tomato/onion, their perfect tzatziki sauce, and feta cheese crumbles that makes every bite incredible!! The greek fries are the perfect side! I've also had the chicken souvlaki, falafel, and spinach pie-its all been delicious!!  I crave this place all the time, and try to make it out for lunch once a week to get my fix. Try Med Blue!!
When we want an evening falafel and Tony's Deli is closed, this is our go-to spot!  The Greek fries are delicious and be sure to pick up a box of their mini baklavas!
I was surprised with a to-go order that consisted of a gyro king, Greek fries and dolmades. Nothing really stood out at me, It wasn't bad nor was it great. I will go back and try a couple other items that looked good on the menu. Although it is nice to have  Mediterranean lunch option in this area of south Orange Ave.
The falafel was aaamazing. The staff was really friendly despite us getting there 20 minutes before they closed. Will be stopping by again for sure!
Loved the Greek Fries!
So far one of the best gyros outside of Greece that I've had. The gyro bread is amazing- fluffy, warm, and soft. Meat is tender and juicy. Veggies are ripe and fresh. None of the ingredients were dry like other gyros I've had. Service is fast and convenient. Baklava was good too.
Spur of the moment lunch date with the bf, although it was a bit of a drive but well worth it. I got the King Gyro with feta and it was amazeballs. Greek fries were seasoned with sea salt and oregano, which was also good. Loved the atmosphere and super friendly staff. Totally coming back and would recommend everyone to try this place even if you think it's out of the way. Just do it!!!
We went to this restaurant based on the extremely favorable Yelp reviews.  It was nice, clean and the food was good.  However, I don't agree with the other, more extremely positive reviews.  I've definitely had better gyros, and in the Orlando area.  It really wasn't any different than the typical gyro stand in a food court.  Good, just not great.
I work less than 5 minutes from this place, but it took me 3 years to try it-- and now I try to be a regular! Although I go for the delicious gyro, everything else has been wonderful too. The gyro, hummus, and the salads all taste super fresh and flavorful. My wife has ordered the 3-salad combo for her meal, so I've had the luxury of tasting many of their DELICIOUS traditional salads. We'll be back many times!
This is still my fave gyro in Orlando. Get the baklava. Get the hummus, it's one of the few that I like better than my homemade - the texture is perfect.  Get the greek fries, too. I think I am trying to say "try everything!" It's hard to go wrong here if you like Mediterranean food.
Best Mediterranean food in Orlando.  Wonderfully friendly staff, good prices, and a pleasant atmosphere.
Wonderful Greek food, served family style in a true Greek family environment.  Gail, Bobby and Frankie make you feel like you are a member of their extended family.  It is truly a special experience, and my family have become regulars - not a common occurrence.
What a pleasant surprise! My husband and I visited this restaurant last night for dinner. We arrived very close to the closing time but were eagerly and warmly greeted! It seemed apparent that the service would be impeccable and it was! We were given a tour of the menu and food case. Their passion for the food they serve was extremely evident. The gentleman we spoke to provided us details on how their gyro is unique from most other gyro meat served in Orlando and how their spanakopita is made with lavash instead of phyllo dough. I was able to sample the black eyed pea salad and it was very light and delicious. My husband ordered the gyro with whole wheat pita as well as the avgolemono soup. He described it as the most flavorful gyro he has ever enjoyed and the soup was very unique to us but looked similar to chicken noodle. He loved both! I had the chicken whole wheat pita and we shared the spanakopita. Both were delicious and the difference in the use of lavash in the spanakopita was perfect! We will make this one of our regular spots!
Great food, great prices, friendly staff.  Try the black eyed pea salad!
This place is great! Everything from the service to the food. I had the classic Gyro. The meat was tasty and tender , the veggies were fresh, and the tzatziki was delicious. I am not a huge fry eater but since they had a special to add them for $.99 and were tossed with olive oil and oregano I gave them a try. I was glad I did as they were probably the best fries I have had in Orlando, possibly anywhere. The owner and his wife (I assume that is who they were) were very friendly and the food came fast. The only thing I would suggest is for them to serve coffee!
Love the food along with the staff!  Theo's was previously in that location and the family who now runs this restaurant does a great job with their family recipes.  The gyros are good plus with my diet restrictions they offer whole wheat pitas which are excellent.  The traditional Greek dishes are very good and their deli case contains some interesting salads - most of them extremely healthy.  Prices are very reasonable--highly recommend them.  You won't be disappointed.
I had to pop in to give one of our new favorite local spots some love. The gyros here are awesome...best in town. Not only that though, as the side dishes are great too which the owner urges you to sample. She really makes you feel welcome! Support this place!!!
I have only eaten here twice so far but have never been disappointed. I was impressed by the cleanliness of the restaurant, especially considering it is an inexpensive eatery. I had the gyro supreme both times, always made quick and served piping hot with a cool topping of feta and tomatoes on fresh pita bread. The greek salad was fresh and crisp and quite delicious. Another neighborhood shop where I was made to feel like family, they were so friendly I would feel guilty staying away too long.
Great small neighborhood gem! Restaurant very clean!  Great authentic Greek food. Feta cheese is pasteurized and my wife wanted Mediterranean Blue at least 2 times a week while pregnant.  Great food!
This odd little location on the corner of Michigan and Osceola does Greek well. I just had their new dish--the Herb Pilaf platter. Chunks of lamb (or other choices) over herb cooked rice with side dish of cooked barley (again, there are other sides), a few pita triangles and tzatziki sauce. Free drink refills. The concrete porch must be grilling during the day but is incredibly pleasant right now at sunset, even only about 50 feet from busy Michigan Ave.
Loved it! The gyros are so good and everyone working there is very friendly and hospitable!
Wow, I am just putting this out here because I am astonished that I have not already posted a review here for this place. Anyway, this is one of our go to places for take out or to stop in for a quick bite. Their gyros sandwiches, spanakopita, fries and salads are scrumptious. The service is also always super freindly and accomodating. I highly recommend Med Blue if you are anywhere near the area and need a greek fix.
Just had the falafel sandwich. Excellent. I will come back again!
Delicious gyros (king gyro w/feta) & fries and great service.  Good iced tea and hummus/pita. Pleasing environment, very clean, with outdoor seating (although on busy road).  We will return.
The food is great, the prices are reasonable, the people are very helpful in helping you decide what to have.  I just wish it was open on Sundays and it had more seating space!
Absolutely outstanding Gyros and iced tea.
Yummy gyro.  The reason I gave it only 4 stars is I don't like the way the menu Is set up, there side dishes are expensive and there was no where to sit so had to take it Togo. I will definitely return but I'll try to avoid the lunch rush.
The food was very tasty and the place smelled of authentic mediterranean food. Flavorful vegetarian options as well! I will definitely be returning to this restaurant.
Delicious, Fresh Greek-style Food. Its a small restaurant and can get quite crowded at lunch time so I try to order early and will take to a nearby park. Everything I have tried is good but I am very stuck on the Gyro. Pricing is fair and love the family owned atmosphere!
This is a little Greek hole in the wall with modern decor and delicious authentic Greek food. I have to admit I would not have found it if not for the long lines at a local food truck rally. The space is small and you order from a counter and seat yourself. The owners will most likely be the ones taking your order because they are very hands on and it is a family owned business. They have fresh options in the deli section and a full variety menu. Go check it! Opa!
I was so happy when this place opened. Not sure what was there before, but this is surely an improvement. Everyone are so sweet, food is flavorful, olives are great, cheese fries are so addicting too.  MMMMmmmm
Great food, good location.
Heavenly awesomeness in a gyro. Service is great. Friendly owners. Lentil salad is good too. Consistently good flavor n service. Small place but welcoming homey ambiance.
Really a lunch or take out spot, it is among the best Greek food in town.
LOVE THIS PLACE!  Bob and Gail treat you like family the minute you walk in. The food is fresh and delicious. My personal faves are chicken souvlaki, falafel, Greek cheese fries, Mediterranean barley salad and Mom G's baklava!!!
A+ Greek food.
I was only here once, but it was a VERY MEMORABLE once! I wish I lived closer. Once in a while I'll drive past this place and think "mmm," followed by a little sadness that I won't be eating there. Yes there are gyros and fries that are delicious, but this place also offers much lighter fare, like a selection of Greek salads in their deli case... mostly vegetable and legume-based. I remember everything here being delicious and affordable, and really enjoying hanging out here with friends for a little while. A great lunch spot.
Mediterranean Blue is a gem in the Michigan/Orange Ave. area. Since moving from the East side of town, my husband and I have been looking for a place to grab good gyros, along with spanakopita and dolmades if the craving occurs.  This place more than meets those needs! I highly recommend the king gyro which is stuffed with lots of delicious gyro meet, tomatoes, red onion, some lettuce, amazing taziki sauce, and big crumbles of feta cheese. Their salads are ever changing and all delicious, with my true favorite being the lentil salad. Best part? Free samples of the salads. The baklava is also great! It is family run and you can tell their whole heart is in this operation.
I love Mediterranean Blue! The chicken souvlaki and greek fries are my favorite items on the menu but their gyros are just as great. The staff is always so friendly and inviting. This is a casual restaurant that offers great food at a great price. One I definitely don't mind driving out of my way for. Fantastic and more flavorful alternative to the usual sandwich shop.
My family and I just had dinner here.  My kids had the gyro and my wife and I had the gyro king.  We also ordered the hummus and pita and greek fries. The hummus here is very good.  It's hearty and seasoned very well with garlic.  They toast the pita and the combination is a winner. We all thoroughly enjoyed our gyros.  The gyro king comes smothered with feta cheese that melts into the sandwich.  It makes this gyro more velvety in texture and taste. I think it's well worth getting the king!  I've never had feta on a gyro before, but now I think this is the only way to eat a gyro. The greek fries are first fried and then baked topped with olive oil and oregano - yummy!  My son who isn't a big fry fan ordered a second serving. The service is friendly and prompt.   My wife even said she wanted to go back before we go back home at the end of the week.  My wife is telling me to give this place a 5 star.  So to keep my wife happy, that is what I'm giving this place.  And you know what, it probably deserves the rating.
Great food, great service. I always get the king gyro and feta cheese fries. Baklava is homemade daily. You can't go wrong here.
Dear Yelpers, you let me down. Normally when a restaurant has such good reviews, I can take friends there sight unseen and have a wonderful experience. Unfortunately, this was NOT the case with Mediterranean Blue. Sure the staff was friendly when we walked in. You might even say when the lady delivered my friend's food to the wrong table and then went to that table again to apologize that not everything came out with their order because she got confused is friendly. However, she DID NOT even come to our table to apologize to us. My friend got her food 20 minutes after us. Her spanakopita was a brick. My other friend got baklava with a bonus hair in it. I will not go back to Mediterranean Blue, and I am guessing that my friends will hesitate every time I suggest a place.
What a delightful little restaurant! I've been to MB a number of times for lunch and have always left satisfied (and so have my guests). The chicken souvlaki is delicious  (the dressing is a bit on the runny side but I like mine that way). The garlic french fries are terrific and I can never pass them up when I'm there. I recommend MB to anyone who loves Greek food or any kind of food for that matter.
Good gyro meat and excellent service. It was a little tough to find but a good escape from the tourism of Orlando.
Just what it needs to be: fresh and yummy grape leaves, tasty gyros and delicious hummus. I had a quick takeout lunch during the week--so fast and friendly too--I will definitely be back for more grape leaves;)
I love meeting friends for lunch here or picking up take out.  I usually get the three salad plate and always get their chick pea and rice salad, which I love.  Tonight, they were out of the chick pea and rice salad so I tried their traditional Greek lemon, chicken and rice soup and spinach pie instead.  I also picked up some black eyed pea salad for tomorrow.  All was delicious and the soup was excellent!  Bonus:  Always a friendly staff as well.
Delicious gyros. Very friendly staff. We were treated like family. If you're looking for a fast and affordable lunch that will fill you up, eat here.
Very cozy place for lunch. Well maintained. Cashier was courteous. She brought the food to us...though it was a to-go order. I had the gyro and falafel and fries... very delicious. I Like how the food is prepared. and the baklava cheesecake is gooooood. I'd definitely come back for a Mediterranean food fix.
Average gyro that you can get about anywhere. The staff was very friendly, which helps.
Deluxe Gyro is a most!!!
Mediterranean Blue has my favorite gyros in town.  Also, the fresh feta is ah-mazing.  I'll buy a container and take it home to put on a salad... can't beat the flavor or the price!
Betta with feta. I love this place. I almost always get the King sandwich with no onion plus one of their salads. My fav salad is the chicken orzo. Also, their iced tea is great.
Delicious. Clean. Friendly service. Falafel is Greek style, I prefer Israeli falafel, but still very good. The dolmades are the BEST I've ever had. Great place to eat if you're vegan. Great prices as well. My husband and I shared a large Greek salad, dolmades, small fries, and each had a falafel pita, all for $21!
Very attentive staff and good, fresh food!
everything is great as you would expect from a little indie place the food is among the best i've had in O-town love the owner he is super cool
We did not know what to expect when we purchased a living social coupon and were extremely happy with the food and service.  Order at the counter, take a card and food is delivered quickly.  They have the pace of this system down!   I ordered the falafel and it was one if the best I have ever had, just crispy enough on the outside and moist on the inside. The homemade tzasiki sauce was fresh and smooth with just the right amount if tang. Doug ordered the gyro and the meet was perfect, tender,moist, nicely cut and you could taste the lamb in it.  It was worth the drive.  I wish they were closer to us.   The spinach pies looked awesome and the homemade sides in the deli case looked appealing.  They are also very reasonable. Pita sandwiches are around $6.50. The special last night was steamed mussels for $6. Looking forward to trying the platters and sides. Great little place with friendly owners.  This little gem is worth supporting
If ur a huge fan of cold & raw half cooked chicken go to M blue. You'll love it! Chicken has a beautiful pink complexion on the inside that makes ur experience very memorable.
Everything about this place is high quality. The food tastes wonderful and the decor and tables look new. They even use eco-friendly cups. Anyway, forget all that nonsence, the food man! The food! I had a falafel wrap, dolmas, hummus, and baklava. The hummus was tasty and the falafel was perfectly done. Dolmas were good and the baklava was superb. This is a nice place for a quick lunch with friends. I'll definitely be going back.
An adorable local Ma and Pop spot. The falafel wrap I had was huge and ohh so good and I am still thinking about that hummus. Looking forward to the outside seating on a cool afternoon  next time. Eco friendliness and and tiny vases  with bright yellow flowers on each table are a happy touch!
Great family owned restaurant. Food was perfection, delicious to eat, beautiful to look at, wonderfully fresh, and all homemade.
Big fan of this place. Gyros are good but I really like the Toscano. Salads are alway fresh and cucumber hummus was a pleasant surprise. Get the fries with Feta, but be advised, ketchup just doesn't get it done anymore.
A pretty decent spot.  Enjoyed the owners who are friendly and fun to talk with.  We had falafel and the mom's veggie sandwich.  All was quite good and fresh.  Humus was some of the best I've ever had!  The only slight drawback were the fries... although many yelpers appear to love them, we found them a tad too greasy.  But, they did have a nice flavor.  I do prefer the Mediterranean Cafe on West Fairbanks over this.  The main difference?  Blue is primarily Greek with a tad of the Middle East.  "Hello My Friend" over at the Cafe is Middle Eastern with a tad of Greek.
My gyro was definitely yummy! Was it worth $7? Maybe.  I can't tell what good gyros taste like. At least two or three staff greeted me warmly (even though they forgot napkins in my order)
A good, quick meal with an outdoor eating option. Not a large restaurant. Walk up, order at counter. Had grilled veggie sandwich, and hummos with cukes as chips. Would I return ? If I was in the area, you betcha.
They make the best gyros outside of Greece!  The fries are to die for too.  They are the best hole in the wall I have found in Orlando!
I love this restaurant. I've been at least every other week for the past six months. Upon entering you're greeted as if you're a distant relative. The staff is so friendly. I was waiting to order when I was asked if I'd like to try anything. Never before had I been offered a sample of something on the menu, except maybe at an ice cream shop. I ordered the gyro with a side of Greek fries and hummus and pita. I got my order in about five minutes delivered to my table with a smile. The gyro is unreal. The meat is perfectly cooked, the tazitki is cool and refreshing, and the pita I can't even explain how amazing it is. Accompanying my gyro were the fries. They're lightly dressed with oregano and salt. These are the best fries I've ever eaten! Aside from the amazing food, the consistency is unparalleled. Out of the numerous times I've been there not once have I had a bad meal....or even a mediocre meal for that matter. This place is on the money every time I go. It could be 11 or 2:30 and the food is always the same...wonderful. Hope you all enjoy.
Excellent family owned place!  Authentic, clean, simple and amazing!  This is my new favorite Greek restaurant!!  Everything OPA wants to be! Even had a shot of Ouzo with the owners family!  Fantastic!!  Great falafel and gyro!  The Greek fries are a must!
This is place awesome! It's small, but worth the wait if it's full. My favorite place to go to when I'm craving a Gyro!! People are awesome and the service is great!!
Had been Theo's kitchen for the longest time and then all of the sudden a recent change to Mediterranean Blue...interesting.  My wife and I went there with another couple.  The staff there seems like family so it was a very friendly setting.  My wife and I ordered 2 appetizers.  I had a Gyro sandwich and added a side of Greek fries.  She ordered a Greek salad with Gyro meat added.  We both also had a Greek beer.  Our bill came out to roughly $30...very inexpensive for the amount of food we received.  Half way thru our meal, they chef brought us a homemade hummus with pita chips to be nice.  Always nice to receive free food.  Overall, the food was good for what we paid.  I've had Greek food elsewhere in Orlando that's tasted better but then it had also cost about 3 times more.  This place is good for a casual quick bite or even just to pick up some food after work on your way home.  My only complaint was that it was kinda in between fast food and sit down.  I think they could pull off full service if they wanted and it would be a better dining experience.  I mean, there's only like 5 tables in there.
What is happening here?  Everyone raves,  here on Yelp, other "critique sites" and people I know but when I go, it's bad. So bad that I had to chew 3 pieces of mint gum to get the lousy taste out of my mouth afterwards. I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki sandwich and my husband ordered the Falafel sandwich.  We also ordered a side of hummus and cucumbers. The Chicken Souvlaki had no flavor, except onion. How is that possible? I swear folks...it tasted like nothing. The Falafel sandwich was just nasty. The falafels were raw tasting and SO mushy.  The place wasn't busy upon our visit so you would think they could take the time to cook them properly.  Dare I say there was an off-taste in the falafels like 2 week old parsley . So disappointing. The hummus was bland with a gritty texture, the cucumbers were old and a bit shriveled, no snap or crunch.  Shockingly, even the Coke was watered down. The only positive was the young lady at counter was friendly and took our order well, that's about it.  Something I've noticed in Orlando is if there is a place where alcohol of any form is served and the hipsters like to hang, it's rated fantastically. Well, the crowd may be pretty and the beer might be cold but the food is atrocious.  I would never-ever-on a bet or given a coupon with 100% off go back to this place no-way, no-how. Oh and for the sake of all that is Holy, DO NOT GO INTO THE BATHROOM, EWWWWWWW..
I am a HUGE fan of this restaurant.  The gyros are excellent, worth driving 40 miles for.  I did not, however, want to write a review without trying some of their other offerings.  So I have now tried the Caprese, Toscano, and Provence sandwiches, along with a variety of pasta salads and the potato salad.  They weren't just good, they were perfect.  The ingredients they use are top shelf across the board and very fresh.  The food is carefully prepared and very flavorful.  The atmosphere of this place is very friendly, and the family who owns it is all smiles, and real ones too, not the fake retail smiles.  They seem genuinely happy to be at work which, I think, somehow makes the food taste even better.  No bad attitudes and you feel that they are genuinely happy to see you.  I can categorically recommend this restaurant in good faith to everyone I know.  If you think you may not like Greek food, then I would further encourage you to visit and give them the opportunity to change your mind.  When I ordered the sandwiches, I deliberately ordered things that sounded unappealing to me and was pleasantly surprised.  Try them, you'll thank me.
Three cheers for Blue! This is family owned and operated and it comes through in their food. I stop by about once a week for a gyro and one of the specialty side dished such as cucumbers, various vegetables and a number of fresh pastas.  Blue is the real deal.
Nice service and good food. What more can you ask for?
Delicious! Good prices too. We tried the felafel, mussels, and gyro with fries, all were tasty and in the 6-dollar-and-change price range.
So I have been consistently dining at Med Blue since they opened and most say that I love it! Service is always outstanding. The food is always fresh and delicious. I can't say enough great things about this place. Local  restaurant where you can tell the owners have passion and truly care for their guest and food.
Really good food!
The food was awesome and the service was outstanding.
