WOW!!!! Me and Hubby checked this spot out yesterday after reading some reviews and I must say.......THIS IS SOUL FOOD!!! I am a GA girl so I know the good from the bad. The waitress was very nice and was always checking on us. The food took awhile but I have no problem waiting for food made fresh. I got the chicken and strawberry waffles and it was AMAZING!! Try this place guys, you will not be disappointed. I will be back very soon.
LOVE this spot!  Good home cooked food. Nice portion size and great service.  I found this place through a friend and vowed to come back.  Though it may not be in the most inviting part of town, the food and service make up for it.
This is the filthiest restaurant I've ever entered.  I cannot comment on the food because while waiting for our order we saw roaches crawling down the wall. I found our server to complain and she just looked at me...no comment at all.  I thought she would follow me to see what I was talking about and she told another server and they laughed.  They were not the least bit surprised.  I cancelled my order and found a cleaner establishment to dine.   So shocked the health department has yet to shut this place down.  An extreme disappointment.
I was in Orlando for my birthday weekend and on Sunday had a taste for Sunday dinner that tasted like Ma's. Chef Eddie did not disappoint. I ordered the smothered pork chops and couldn't believe he served me 3 chops on top of yellow rice and covered in the most delicious homemade brown gravy. No canned stuff here. I ordered cabbage and collards as my sides. I didn't enjoy the collards as they were a bit bitter for my taste but the cabbage tasted just like mine. My husband ordered the stew beef with yellow rice, collards and potato salad and said he was ashamed that he cleaned his plate of every morsel. Chef Eddie really piles it on. Finally my cousin ordered the Fried Chicken and it was cooked to perfection. It was cooked through to the bone (no pink/red), seasoned so well it did not even need hot sauce and crunchy. For dessert we ordered the carrot cake, peach cobbler and red velvet cake. My husband was thoroughly pleased that the cobbler had a real crust (pie-type, not the cake kind used in quick bake cobblers). The decor could use some sprucing up and if I lived in the area, I would offer my services for practically nothing. That's how pleased we were with the food and the service. Chef Eddie stopped to talk to us and Ms Carol was awesome. There was a large party taking place shortly after we ordered but neither Chef Eddie or the honorees rushed us or pressured us to leave. My cousin recently moved to the area from California and vowed that she will make this place a regular stop. My husband and I will definitely be back whenever we are in the area. We were planning to return the next morning for Chicken and Waffles and were saddened to learn they are closed on Mondays. There's always next time!
It's soullllll foooood!!! Fried chicken is amazingly done. They hv different kinds of waffles. I had red velvet and my frd had sweet potato. I will most definitely pick sweet potato again it smelled amazing. Service was nice. The only thing is that the location looked a little sketchy..
Okay, so Chef Eddies is my go to spot  for...EVERYTHING! I love they're breakfast! The pancakes are freaking AMAZING And so is the corned beef hash. They're menu is so broad and everything I've had is good. Try the shrimp fried rice, stuffed tilapia, Mac and cheese...just try everything! It's all great! The staff is super friendly and will go out of their way to make sure you have a pleasant dining experience. Everything is fairly priced and the portions are huge! It's well worth it to give it a try!
The shrimp dinner is great; very filling because you'll be able to select two sides (Mac and cheese, sweet potato casserole, collard greens, string beans, etc.). They offer desserts such as peach cobbler, red velvet, sweet potato pie, cheese cake, and other yummy things. If using the Groupon, it only covers there entree (food only) not beverages. Limited parking as it is a small plaza. This is very casual spot.
Chef Eddies is the King of Soul Food in Orlando,  hands down.  It's where the locals eat! OMG, the Oxtails are like heaven on a plate!
All of the reviews about the food are true, it's pretty amazing. However, the place is a dump and there was no AC (or maybe it was just set to 80 or so). It made it uncomfortable to eat by the end of the meal. Also, we are from out of town but the location seems a little sketch. There were bars on the doors and windows.
Just moved to FL and found this gem through yelp. It was delicious! Sweet tea like my grandma used to make! A staple for a southerner like myself. I had the red velvet cake waffles and chicken. The chicken was AMAZING! Flavored to perfection. The waffle...ehh...I would go with the regular waffle if I ordered it again. The collards were yummy! The mac and cheese was okay. But that chicken!!!! I will definitely be back! People working there are as sweet as can be. Parking is limited so if you can carpool do it. But great spot. Go in the daytime though.
The location of this place is yes, kinda sketchy and parking can be tricky since they don't have a lot of spaces available.  But don't let that stop you from coming here at all! CHICKEN AND RED VELVET WAFFLES. YES. YES. Y.E.S.!   The fried chicken is cooked perfectly and is juicy! Yum, writing about it is already making me drool. haha. But it's really good!  The red velvet waffle is also delicious, perfect pair with the fried chicken for that sweet and savory taste. Also get the Fried Green Tomatoes, oh my.  Soooooo delicious!  Especially with the grits that are served underneath the tomatoes are just AS good.  I always get this whenever I come here. The cornbread tho.. the jalapeno cornbread to be exact, slap some pineapple butter on that joint and you just reached cornbread heaven to another level. This place has a huge menu of what to get, but man it's so hard to decide with the options of what to get!  The staff is very friendly, and the food is so good.
The food was good. However after more than an hour and half wait and poor service I will not be returning.
Amazing assortment of flavored waffles to choose from!  The best chicken n' waffles in Orlando!!  I get the chocolate chip with chicken wings and it never disappoints.  It's not a fancy place, so if you're high maintenance, don't bother.  I've never seen bugs there, as one reviewer mentioned, and I'm there every Saturday for breakfast.  The parking is limited, but the food is truly incredible.
I'm a firm believer that the harder a place is to find, and the sketchier the neighborhood, the better the food is going to be. And Chef Eddie's is freaking amazing.  So infer what you will about the neighborhood, but trust me, it's worth it. Butter pecan waffles and fried chicken?  My mouth is watering as I type.  Seriously, I just drooled on my keyboard. And the Chef Eddie's staff is awesome.  The waitress kept bringing me food and calling me "suga."  I wouldn't mind if she wanted to adopt me. I am so going back the next chance I get!
9 of us went to Chef Eddies on my birthday weekend getaway. Long story short, we arrived at 12:20pm, waited 30 minutes for a dirty table to be cleaned after asking several times. The owners wife was rude and nasty beyond belief. We were not served our food until 2:20pm. Some of the food was good,  fish and waffles,  chicken and waffles,  shrimp and grits, pork chops were all good, but not great. Pulled pork and collard greens left something to be desired. But worst of all was the service. Eddie tried to rectify the problem, but his wife stood behind him, mouthing profanity. Horrible,  horrible establishment,  will never return.
Awesome local diamond in the rough for a worldwide tourist town, my wife and I searched far and wide for locals places and strived to stay away from chains on our honeymoon and came across this place.  This place IS deep in the community but we loved that.  Both of us are from less than privileged backgrounds.  As long as you speak and are respectful you're good to go.  Food was great.  Collard greens were a bit salty but I ordered the sweet potato waffle and chicken and needed syrup for the waffle which is cool.  Chicken was A1 however.  My wife ordered the smothered pork chops and she LOVED it.  I tasted it and it was perfect.  Great place away from the NOISE of Orlando.  Amazing local place.  One gripe tho, they have AMAZZZZINGGG Jalepeño cornbread with pineapple butter but they give you TWO pieces and if you want more they charge you...NOPE...but the service is fast, food is great quality and it's a cool place.  Would definitely recommend to anyone.
While vacationing in Orlando, we checked this place out! The food was excellent. Everyone including the kids had chicken and waffles. Definitely try the red velvet waffle. Service was pretty slow, maybe because it was a busy time after church, but worth the wait!
I have visited Chef Eddie's restaurant twice now on Saturday.  The food is great home style food.  The portions are very generous and the service was great.  This time I had the BBQ Chicken dinner, mac and cheese, and sweet potato mash.  All of it was good. I went with a group of people and no one complained about the food at all.  Several people ordered food and took it home for family members that were not in attendance. On Saturday's they have Karoke and it is so much fun as well.  There was plenty of parking available as they have parking lot's in the front and rear.  The rest rooms could use and upgrade, but just handle your business before you leave home and  you can use that one for minor needs and washing your hands.  It's not the most ideal location, but take a friend or two and enjoy the meal.
Over the years, I feel like I have become a Chicken and Waffles expert.  After my experience in Atlanta at Gladys Knight's Chicken and Waffles I thought that was the pinnacle of the Chicken and Waffle experience. I was wrong.   Chef Eddie's has trumped what I thought was the best Chicken and Waffles hands down, with superior waffles and chicken.  I have no idea, or guess what is in their chicken batter, but whatever their secret is, it made the absolute most delicious fried chicken I have ever had in my life!   With 10 different waffles to choose from, if you have a bit of a sweet tooth, the Chocolate Chip or Red Velvet waffles are the right choice, and they pair perfectly with the chicken.   While this place might be located in what most locals consider a "bad" part of town, the service, hospitality from the staff is really second to none.
Great meal as always...Beef short ribs, sweet potato casserole, collard greens, mac n cheese and corn bread... I'm done. Here comes the itis...
Loved the chicken and waffles
I visited here for the first time on Sunday, March 9, 2014. Thanks so much to the reviews on Yelp. I was looking for a good Soul Food place since I moved from NYC in July 2013, this place is perfect. The people who work here are "southern" friendly. The place is clean and spacious. The food helpings are hot, fresh, large and delicious. And the cornbread was like a hot piece of cake. Delicious. I had turkey wings, collard green & mac & cheese. And if I closed my eyes and ate I would've sworn I was in Harlem NYC eating in my favorite soul food spot. I will be back again next week to try the Oxtails. I live about 45 mins away but it is worth the drive!
One our last day in Orlando, we were trying to find a unique orlandian cuisine other than the ubiquitous commercial chain restaurants. My mom yelping oxtail can upon Eddie's as the number one choice. It took some nativigating but we got. We were pleasantly not disappointed. We as a party of three decided to share two dishe: oxtail and the 4 pound crab dish with a pound of potatoes covered with shrimp and sausage....a big serving bowl of deliciousness. We were so stuffed that we did not have room for dessert. This southern soul food restaurant was definitely the highlight of our cuisine adventure. This southern charm brought more soul to our the commercial plastic impression of Orlando.
It was karaoke night the Friday night that we arrived to Chef Eddie's - a young lady performing on the mic while her partner played the keys. The music, admittedly, was a bit loud, but it gave the place a nice lively feeling. We were even invited to join in and pick a few songs. First to arrive to the table: jalapeno cracklin muffins - deliciously sweet corn muffins made here with tiny bits and pieces of spicy jalapeno bits baked inside. Savory, spicy, sweet...altogether a winning recipe. Our waitress recommends the fried green tomatoes for starters: fried in a seasoned batter on top of a generous helping of cheesy Parmesan grits, drizzled with a sweet gravy sauce. The tomatoes were fresh and not too tart, just the way I like them, and, when combined with the cheesy grits, a tasty dish. Definitely would get this again, especially with a large party as the serving was generous. I ordered the Pork Ribs dinner platter, not done "barbecue" style with a smokey flavor, but more like oven baked and topped with a tangy sweet mustard based barbecue sauce that went very well with the pork. The pork was tender and "finger licking good" and the serving size was enough for two meals. It was a delight to eat with my collard greens and mac and cheese sides. The mac and cheese was baked and had a nice dry texture to them. The highlight of Chef Eddie's is their large variety of waffle flavors for their famous chicken and waffles dish. Whereas most chicken and waffle establishments have plain Belgian style waffles, the waffle flavors here range from Pecan, Strawberry, Sweet Potato, Blueberry, Red Velvet, Chocolate Chip, Apple Cinnamon, Banana Walnut, Big Berry (Strawberry, Blueberry & Rasberry) to Plain. Also important to note, the waffles here are more like regular waffles rather than thick Belgian style waffles. The waffles are served with fried chicken wings, and a side of syrup. Overall, I would definitely go back to Chef Eddie's to enjoy some great soul food cooking, for the  great prices, quality, and friendliness. They even have a closer satellite restaurant called Chef Eddie's East, located inside the Evans Food Mart on Goldenroad Road (just north of the SR 408 exit). I visited recently to pick up some oxtail to go...and it was just as delicious as the original Chef Eddie's. The mac and cheese here had a nice white creamy color to it though. And it really is more of a to go place as it can get awkward eating inside a convenience store.
My family and I were visiting Orlando from Jacksonville and excited to try Chef Eddie's after reading the reviews.  Once we were seated we were introduced to our server, Deborah who was very nice and accommodating.  We placed our order and waited approximately 45 minutes to be delivered which was a little longer than expected but we were told everything is "cooked to order and fresh" so we excepted that statement.  Once it came out all the dishes looked good EXCEPT the FRIED CHICKEN which was way overcooked and partially burnt on the outside.  We all began to eat and were thoroughly enjoying the food until I tasted my chicken which was more horrific eating than it was to look at.  After letting our server know we were displeased, she then let Chef Eddie know and stated he would be out to speak with us.  About 30 minutes later we finally see the Chef and he offers us more chicken which we immediately turn down.  We had already been in the restaurant nearly 2 hours, the last thing we wanted to do with two small children is to sit there another 45 minutes.  After a brief conversation with Chef Eddie, I soon learned that I was not getting anywhere and that he wasn't going to refund or give me a discount on his burnt, dry, overcooked chicken.  I must compliment our server Deborah because she tried so hard to make it right for us.  Even though her hands were tied on what she could do, she was thoughtful enough to add a piece of carrot cake to our doggie bag.  To sum it up, the food was GREAT but the customer satisfaction is less than desirable.  Chef Eddie needs to take some tips from his hard working staff and learn how to please the customer.
Chef Eddie's makes me happy, now I have a place to send people for soul food. I always thought Soul food transcended location, race, sexual preference or any bias. It was meant to bring people together, and Chef Eddie's does that. Eat their Mac & Cheese. It isn't pretentious, it's real mac and cheese baked in a pan with a nice crispy crust. It's like my mom makes. Nice crispy crust, cheese, elbow noodles... It's just the best Mac and cheese I've had at any restaurant. And let's not forget about those Jalapeno Cracklin Muffins they served us. It's a sweet corn muffin with jalapeno bits served with a pineapple honey butter. I bake and as a baker these were excellent. Hot, Moist, Sweet from the corn, Hot from the Jalapeno bits and add some of that pineapple honey butter and you are in some sort of soul food willy wonka dream.  --- Truly Scrumptious Fried Chicken and Waffles, Pulled pork, ribs,  were all amazing. The fried chicken is so special it deserves it's own honorary day.  If you think you've had fried chicken.. I suggest you try it here because it's probable that you haven't had anything close to as good as this. Looking forward to more dishes from here. Love it, Orlando's Soul food scene may have lost Johnson's Dinner but we gained Chef Eddies and I'm happy for that.
Soulfood done right even if it takes long Yelped soulfood and from the strong reviews this place had drove over.  Ordered up chicken and waffles since I love it so much.  The to-go order took a long time, like 25 minutes.  The food came out piping hot though.   Chicken was well seasoned with good skin.  Waffle was light and tasty.  I usually do a few bites of chicken then a few bites of waffle for that salty sweet mix.  This did not disappoint.  So if you have time to spare check them out, just be prepared to wait.
Chicken and waffles, is it my latest obsession?  Chef Eddie's is supposedly THE place for chicken and waffles but being the feisty foodist that I am, I knew I had to go try some for myself.  Not only did people speak highly of Chef Eddie's for the chicken and waffles but for soul food in general. I wasn't quite sure what to make of it when I entered into the restaurant.  A couch to the right, the kitchen area to the left.  The decor was a bit more, down to Earth I suppose? Not quite sure how to describe it.  "Homely" is perhaps the best word. Well, I knew for certain I was going to get some chicken and waffles but the shrimp and grits caught my eye.  Yes, I'm a glutton and I ended up getting both.  Who can pass on shrimp and grits?!  Well, this Shrimp and Grits ($6.99) has a very seafood flavored gravy and whole deveined shrimp.  It was on point!  The shrimp was perfectly cooked, very tender and full of flavor.  Needless to say, I took care of that dish. I also have my chicken and waffles to take care of.  At Chef Eddies, not only can you get chicken and waffles but you pick the type of waffles.  The ten different choices are: Plain, Red Velvet, Apple Cinnamon, BIG Berry Mix (Fresh Strawberry, Blueberry &Raspberry), Banana Walnut, Chocolate Chip, Sweet Potato, Strawberry, Butter Pecan and Blueberry.  Wow, that's a lot of different waffles.  You can get additional flavored waffles for an additional $1.50.  I started to imagine some colorful leaning tower of waffles. I ended up ordering the Chicken and Big Berry Waffle ($7.95) which came with 5 pieces of chicken drumettes and wingettes.  The waffle itself was pretty good, nice flavor.  This is more traditional style so it's not as thick.  The fried chicken didn't have much batter and it was slightly reminiscent of the chicken one would get from a Chinese takeout.  The chicken was crispy, seasoned well and good overall especially with some hot sauce.  I can't say that this is the BEST chicken and waffles I've ever had, but I can definitely say it's the most unique.  You can definitely make it your own and if fried chicken isn't your style, then they have fish, shrimp, or steak to accompany the waffles. Definitely get the shrimp and grits here.  As far as chicken and waffles go, it's something to try although I'm not sure if I'd order this every time I visit.  If you're wanting a one of kind place for breakfast, come here.  I know I will and I intend on returning back to try some of the dinner entrées.
Finally made it to Chef Eddie's!! It had been in the works for a few months now. Every time I had a chance something would come up. Today the stars were aligned and I have arrived. I have been craving some good Chicken and Waffles. The menu has so many options of waffles. Apple Cinnamon, Big Berry Mix, etc. The list goes on. I picked the Banana Walnut Waffle and Chicken. Carol was my server for this morning and was the nicest lady in the world. Fried Chicken and Banana Nut Waffle. I took about twenty pictures. I wanted to capture all the goodies on the table. The Fried Chicken was amazing. Not greasy at all and the chicken just fell of the bone at every bite. YUM! Seasoned just right. The Banana Nut Waffle was perfect. Not too mushy and not dry at all. This combination was perfect. The portions at Chef Eddies are huge. While looking at other people's tables I could see that we ALL had our hands full with these plates. Locate on John Young Parkway and few blocks North of I-4. Carol, thank you so much for all your help today and your wonderful service. You are very sweet. Hope to see you soon.
We went today for lunch and left very happy.  The servers were so nice and made you feel at home. The food was amazing, homemade, tasty and great quality. I live about 45 mins away and will make the drive again for the service alone. I had the chicken and red velvet waffles, my girl had the shrimp and tilapia with greens and bread. It was so good we ordered a sweet potato waffle burger to go. Everything was really good! It's the not fanciest looking place, but if you want straight up great comfort food and awesome service, you gotta go!
Great food. I had the smothered pork chops and my partner had the smothered turkey leg. Both were good as well as the red velvet cake. Service was not as prompt as I would like but they made it up by giving us muffins as we waited for our food. My only suggestion is to redo the layout as there was out of date chairs and tables. Great experience overall.
Wonderful experience!!! Staff and service was superb! Food was filling hot and delicious! Our plates left us empty and we're taking home some peach cobbler for later... Try them out - you won't be disappointed.
Just left Chef Eddie's, full and satisfied. For starters, everyone is so friendly and the service was great. I had wings, which were delicious! And my husband had pork chops, delicious as well. The portions are huge, but prices are not. We'll be back soon. :)
OMG. I'm not sure where to begin! When planning our vacation, I did my normal scouting of restaurants including a visit to restaurant.com. And I immediately began to research Chef Eddie's. Saw some good reviews and put it in the itinerary. And I waited. And waited. And let me tell you, it didn't disappoint! Blah blah blah... unassuming exterior, been written before. Who cares. We walked in to one of the warmest greetings that I can remember. And looking around, there were great big tables. Now you could look at this two ways... maybe they serve a lot of large groups... or MAYBE, they're gonna FEED your behind and know the BS of those tiny chain restaurant tables. And FEED US they did. We needed all that extra elbow room. My husband is not a fan of cornbread... usually. But leaving out the expletives, lets just say "Holy goodness" he loved theirs. Arriving at the table 30 seconds from the oven, with the kick of jalapeno and then topped with pineapple butter? Wow. (At the end of our meal, Chef Eddie deivered us a little take home package of these goodies... thank you again!) Now the meals... After drooling over the menu for a month... I had decided on the garlic crab legs, with garlic shrimp, sauteed in butter with sausage and potatoes. And I wanted some collard greens... because I just can't get good ones at home. They were low on crab legs, so I replaced mine with scallops. It was amazing. Garlic toast to sop up that buttery goodness... and the greens... just what I'd wanted! My dining companion Kim got the same, but had substituted her crab with tilapia... neither of us were disappointed. Now the men... they wanted ribs. Dean ordered HALF a rack and Bri, a full. When the half a rack arrived it was so huge, we couldn't believe that there was a bigger portion available. Until that mammoth plate of ribs was delivered to my husband. With a mustardy sauce, they were completely different than anything we've had before... but something we would definitely seek out again. Our server Carol, so sweet... we felt like we were eating at an old friend's house... not some tourists stumbling in. As I type this, we have 2 days left of our vacation. I am literally sitting here trying to figure out if I can work in one more visit to try the fried chicken before we leave. Forget the white Christmas... I'm dreaming of a big plate of chicken, greens... oh, and that cornbread. If you're a local... What are you waiting for? If you're travelling, put it on your list of places not to miss. Thank you Chef Eddie, Carol and that whole crew there for your hospitality and for the delicious meal.
Who doesn't like soul food?  You? You must be a communist!  You? You damned socialist! I'll admit that soul food is like Five Guys Burgers for the meat-lovers:  more than once or twice a year will make you make you fat and give you CAD. But I visited Chef Eddie's located in Washington Shores on Orange Center Boulevard this morning with two close friends.  It's just off JYP on Orange Center. The menu selection was like trying to choose from an AYCE buffet.  My dish of choice was Fish and Waffles, and among the three of us, we split a breakfast appetizer of fried green tomatoes.  Fried catfish and fried green tomatoes -- yikes!  I'll need to pray the rosary or say a few Hail Mary's for that, and I'm not even Catholic. One of my partners had salmon croquettes with grits and eggs, the other had a traditional breakfast of eggs, meat and home-fries.  All was good. The place used to be called Queen Bee's and is pretty spacious.  There's a grand piano and musical this-and-that in the back, so I presume there's some entertainment on weekends.   I met Mr. Chef Eddie himself, a congenial man.  The sign outside says "Grand Opening" but he told me they've been open for two years. Nothing wrong with a long celebration.  Prices are incredibly low and the amount of food they give you can last for three meals. Best soul/southern food in Orlando?  It may well be.  We will return for dinner -- can I get a witness?
After driving in Orlando traffic all day my wife and I were looking for something a little close to home to eat and we found it. If it wasn't the perfectly fried chicken or the best fried green tomatoes ever it was the that the whole staff treated us like family.  We were so impressed. We can't wait to get back to Orlando and if for no other reason to come back to dine at Chef Eddies.  Thanks guys.
Bottom line - you really can't go wrong with Chef Eddie's. Its always great when a restaurant lives up to its hype and Chef Eddie's delivered.  The red velvet waffle was as good as advertised, but the plain waffle was also very good.  The chicken and catfish were both really good. Overall, the biggest surprise for me had to be the ribs.  They are easily some of the best in town, even though they weren't smoked.  The sauce was delicious and the meat was falling off the bone. The service was great.  Some have commented on the neighborhood itself, but its important to remember that there is a difference between a neighborhood being dangerous and a neighborhood that just has people who don't have a lot of money.    This neighborhood strikes me as the latter.  Plus, it closes rather early so there is really little reason to be afraid or concerned when you are at Chef Eddie's.   Highly recommended.
Haven't been to Chef Eddie's in a year or so.  And it's about time I fixed that.  A coworker turned me on to this place when it first opened.  She raved about the fried green tomatoes on Parmesan cheese grits with chicken gravy.  She was right!  My mother loved fried green tomatoes and when she would come to visit, we'd take her here.   My brother and I have eaten here about 10 times.  The last time we got carry out and Chef Eddie wasn't there.  The food lacked.  Don't get me wrong, I"m still giving the place 5 stars.  1 not-so-good time out of 10?  I'll take those odds because every other time I was there, I never wanted for a refill or a genuine smile from the staff.  Just about every time we go there, Chef Eddie would come out and sit with my family and talk it up for at least 5 minutes.  That's service you can't find anywhere else in Orlando.   I'm a teacher and took two of my former students here for lunch.  One is a REAL foodie and he raved about the ox-tail.   As for tips for this place, it's easy to pass up.  It's in a strip mall and somewhat easy to pass up.  It's rather non-descript.  Also, the AC doesn't quite crank but don't worry, they'll keep your sweet ice tea filled.   I like good food, good service and value for my money.  Chef Eddie's offers tasty, affordable food and authentically genuine service.
The food was good, but the service was horrible! The wait to eat was over 2 hours!
An amazing meal.  The service here is as good as it gets.  We were greeted as we walked in and felt right at home.as soon as we sat, we were brought  corn bread muffins with jalapeños that were sweet and a little spicey,  The three of us had the fried green tomato appetizer with Parmesan grits and it did not disappoint.  Crispy fried green tomatoes and savory grits.   For dinner I ordered the fried chicken.  Three giant thighs that were juicy and perfectly cooked.  My friends ordered the BBQ chicken and ribs.  The yellow BBQ sauce was a pleasant surprise.  The servings are huge, enough for a big lunch the next day..   I wish I had enough time left to eat here one more time.
For those wanting an authentic soul food experience, this is it! Do not be afraid of going off the beaten track. This is the kind of place you will go back to over and over. The chicken wings are outstanding!!! If you get the Mac and cheese, ask for it to be extra baked. Nicest people own and run it. Highly recommend!
I've been back several times, and while the food has remained good, the wait times have become excruciatingly long On my most recent lunch visits, there were only 1-3 tables seated, as well as a steady stream of take-out orders. It was these take-outs that seemed to completely bog down the system (or lack thereof). Two servers alone cannot handle being servers, fulfilling to-go orders, and acting as cashier. It took 15 minutes to ask for a check, another 15 to get the check, and finally 15 more to get our change. They need to have more folks out on the floor...either another server, or a dedicated take-out cashier If you visit Chef Eddie's during busy times, be sure double the amount of time you plan on spending there, or order food to-go.
While visiting Orlando for Labor Day I discovered Chef Eddie's on Yelp and ended up eating there 3 times because the food was so good! My husband and I went for breakfast the first day and I will admit I was taken aback by the location. It looked so small from the outside. It did not bother me that it was in the hood I was just hoping it was not a small dive restaurant. Once inside I was pleasantly surprised by the space inside. It's no 5 star restaurant but the way the staff and owner treats everyone makes you feel like you are getting a 5 star dining experience. Over the course of 3 days we ordered the following: Breakfast- Fried Tilapia, Grits, Eggs and the Chicken and Red Velvet Waffles Delicious! The fish and chicken was crispy and seasoned just right. I wish I could have tried all the waffle flavors like sweet potato and strawberry but there is always next time. Now let me break down the food we ate for dinner: Oxtails: Tender, good seasoning and the gravy was incredible. Beef Short Ribs: Marinated in red wine sauce for 5 hours. Melted in my mouth. So good. Pork Ribs: These were really good but if you are looking for that off the grill or smokey flavor then you will be disappointed. These are done in the oven and the sauce is Delicious! Mustard base but not too tangy with the right sweetness to it. That sauce made those ribs extra special. Mac and Cheese: Incredible. Greens: Very good not salty, Seasoned just right. Sweet Potato pie was on point. The prices were decent for the amount of food you get. I think we spent around 27.00 each time we ate there for both meals with drinks. They also have a lunch specials daily for around 6 bucks.
We ventured to an intimidating part of town and were a bit worried by the cleanliness of the kitchen after seeing the outdated dining room, but he service was very friendly and the food was great! Loved their pulled pork!
Okay, others have said it but I will second it: if there hadn't been a police cruiser in the parking lot I would have kept going--and would have missed out. Once I got through the front door and my waitress called me "honey," I knew I'd be ok and that I was in for a treat. Started with a no frills homemade lemonade in a cracked hard plastic glass I had to hold "just so" to keep from wearing it. And it was really good. Fried green tomatoes. Mmm. Parmesan grits to die for. No frills mustard based bbq sauce for my chicken. Perfect. Side of Mac and Cheese... If this is what Clinton had, it probably caused his heart attack--and was probably worth it. Black velvet waffle with my chicken. Interesting, but by this time I was struggling not to explode. Put simply, this place is awesome. Go in the daytime, go with friends... But if you want the best soul food you'll eat this year, just go!
Our family was on vacation in Orlando and wanted to try something away from the tourist attractions, and Chef Eddie's delivered!!!!  There were 15 of us and we got there about an hour before closing.  We were greeted very warmly by the staff, and they immediately went into action to service our family that ranges from 8 months to 83 years old.  We heard the old school music playing in the background so we started dancing as the staff encouraged us to have a good time.  They were not in a rush to get us fed and out so they could close.  They were more interested in making sure we had a good time and we did.  The food was DELISH!!!!  With so many people, you can imagine they ordered all sorts of items and everything was fresh and good.  For those concerned about the neighborhood, that was nothing.  You respect people and they will respect you.  Give it a try...it's worth it!!!  We will go back!!!  Thank you for a wonderful experience and taking the time to take pictures with us.  Chef Eddie and his wife are very kind people as well as the staff.
Great food, excellent service, great prices! If you're looking for soul food in the Orlando area then I would highly recommend Chef Eddie's. I had the fried catfish and waffles for breakfast. The catfish was excellent, exactly what I look for in good fried catfish. Fried perfectly, tasty batter, and the fish was cooked perfectly. Omelettes were very good. And the fried chicken was predictably amazing.
Polite service from Carol with a smile.  When they say sweet tea they mean it! I had pulled pork with cheese grits and collards. The pork and collards were topnotch. The BBQ sauce was a vinegar tangy flavor and I loved it! The collards were just like my mom's, smoky and delicious. While the grits were tasty (after some salt ) I expected the cheese grits to have the cheese baked in, not sprinkled on top.  Wasn't crowded for a weekday lunch.  Warning though - going back to work elicited a few comments regarding my fried food smell, but that won't stop me from going back!
this place it's not in the best of areas but damn the food is good here! the parmesan grits, the fried chicken, the nice fluffy not full of air waffles so good! oh and the fried green tomatoes are delicious. People are really nice and friendly, prices are great and the food is humble but delicious cook with heart and love. next time i want try some ribs! until then, ill be counting the days to come back.
Although the restaurant is situated in a sketchy area and that almost scared me away....  I'm very impressed with the service and the food here. This is by far the best soul food I have tried.  The fried chicken/waffle was surprisingly a delightful combo.  The fried chicken was cooked to the right level of crispiness.  With the appealing variety of flavored waffles, I can see why its a popular dish.  The oxtail was my favorite dish, served with gravy over rice.  The beef short ribs was absolutely delicious-soft, tender and fall off the bone.  The pulled pork was different-baked and drizzled with tangy BBQ sauce.
Its OK.  Good people.  Good food.  I had the meatloaf, mashed potatoes, whipped sweet potatoe and Mac n cheese.  My wife had the pork chops.  Food is cooked like you want it, and made fresh for your order.  We visited during our Orlando trip.  Its a little off the beaten path and in the Neighborhood.  If you enjoy soul food you wont be disappointed.  Its a small place so dont go expecting lots of grandeur.  We will be going again.
We found the place on yelp app and decided to give it a try on vacation for a good brunch. We were not disappointed. Friendly service, quick short order cooking, and tasty food. We tried butter pecan, chocolate chip, and triple berry waffles, all tender and tasty with just enough crust. The grits are perfect, you'd be surprised how many places mess up grits, but not Chef Eddie's. Bacon is the thickest I've ever had, and cooked perfectly as well, not flabby, not burned. Fluffy scrambled eggs, I think you could not go wrong here. :-) Met Chef and he was just plain nice people. Extra points for real butter and friendly service. The technical skills show in the simple foods that are so easy to ruin. You can tell a good chef by the simple foods and it's clear Chef Eddie knows his stuff.
Just eat here.  Great service very nice staff and fast.   Ordered a three meat tray. Was surprised on the amount and all was very good.  Got chicken and waffles.  Loved the sweet potatoes waffle the most.  Chicken was amazing.  Very juicy crispy and good spice.  Must go if in Orlando
Food: amazing. read the other reviews. (i had red velvet waffles and chicken wings, both off the charts good). Atmosphere: random and slightly confusing. it just seems like they kept adding whatever they could find at local garage sales. it sort of works but definitely doesn't feel coherent. Service: fine, although our waitress overcharged us by about $3 - we had a coupon from halfoffdepot so it didn't really matter. Miscellaneous: Soul food doesn't just mean "southern" the breakfast food especially (bacon, sausage) will be vastly different from what you're expecting if you aren't used to it.
Smothered pork chops, yam souffle, and jalapeno cornbread muffins.  What more is there to say?  I though of my mother's cooking when I bit into the extremely well made items.  The wait staff was super attentive (Diane was on point).  The decor, well, just know why you are there - for the food.  But, despite the looks, it was clean.  This place is worth a visit, and the deserts were off the chain!!!
Me and my wife goes here every once in a while and it never disappoints. People always talk about the area this restraunt is located. I'm here to tell you that this area is coming back and it's coming back strong!
Best soul food I have had in a long time!!!
Yes this is off the beaten path but this is not why they are receiving two stars. Based in the reviews I expected to have some great soul food. I was so excited to try this place and had been one of my top places to visit while in Orlando.We didn't dine in because the furniture was unkept and shabby. I ordered the oxtails with Mac and cheese and collard greens. They were OK the food itself got about 3.5 rating. Here is were the s*** hits the fan. My order came to $37.50 but and hour later when I checked my credit card statement it said $45!!! The person who took the order decided to reward herself with an exact 20% tip of $7.50. To get my money back I had to drive all the way back to refund my money. However, not only was I charger a tip I was OVERCHARGED on my food. They did refund me the $10 amount. However, if it weren't for the "mistake" of adding a tip I probably would have given 4 stars.
We are on vacation in Orlando, and have been using Yelp to find local restaurants, avoiding fast food and national chains. What a pleasure lunch at Chef Eddies was. There was a pretty big menu, and the entire menu, breakfast through dinner was available.  The service was not just good, it was welcoming, as if we were invited guests. The decor is a little dated, but warm and homey, and very clean. Our,server was Deborah, and she knew the menu, paid close attention to our needs, made useful suggestions and invited us to return. I had fried chicken, which was seasoned and fried to a crispy brown color, oh so tasty. I could choose two sides, and zeroed in on a sweet potato casserole (sweet, smooth, heaven) and fresh made hush puppies. My friend had pulled pork sandwich (open faced on bread) and French fries.  The pulled pork was tender and delicious.  We were stuffed, but Deborah showed us a tray full of baked deserts, so we indulged ourselves, choosing two different cakes. I get to Orlando about once a year, and next visit, Chef Eddies is on my dining plan more than once!
The service was incredibly slow this evening. The waitress apologized numerous times, citing having only two cooks as the problem. I ordered the shrimp and grits. Honestly, the food almost made up for the wait. They provided a generous amount of shrimp. I ordered it to go, took it home, ate it, and then became very very sleepy. I will return, if only to see if they can speed up the service substantially.
Great for and equally good service. The fried chicken is delicious every time.
Customer service was top  notch. Diane's service is super exceptional. I had the Smothered pork chops and collard greens. Excellent! Flavorful, tender, and perfectly seasoned. Check out my full review at youtube.com/watch? v=nOwlrzOTF_8
If you think Popeyes or KFC has the best CHICKEN then you should SLAP yourself. This food is seasoned very well. This felt like comfort food for the soul. The chicken wings were perfectly seasoned and golden brown. The waffle (strawberry) melted in my mouth. DON'T allow the neighborhood or outer appearance to stop you from dining in. The food was delicious and hearty, the service was even better. Chef Eddie was in the kitchen during my dining experience. Once you try, I guarantee you will return.
We had a wonderful time at Chef Eddie's! The food was great, very well prepared and  reflected a Chef's touch, not just standard issue fare. Everyone was so friendly, especially Ms. Debra who I wish I could hang with on a regular basis. She was so kind and concerned with our college student's troubles, offering sound advice and an admonishment to just let her know if she needed anything. If I lived in the area this would be a go to meal at least once a week!
wow...an authentic chicken n waffles resto in orlando? i'm glad my friends took me to this place. The staff was friendly, even met Chef Eddie himself... had to shake his hand for cooking awesome food. This place was all up in the cuts of Orlando, which made it appear shady, but you just can't judge a book by its cover. The chicken n waffles are off the chain! Perfectly golden brown and fried to perfection, the chicken was tender n juicy. The waffles combined with pineapple butter was delicious. And sweet tea was pretty good. I got all this for under $11 bucks, which won me over. Price for the quality of food was equal. I have yet to try all the other stuff on the menu. They also got a good sound system setup and a few TVs! i dig!
My husband and I had been on a diet for a week and decided we needed a "cheat day".  I found the reviews of Chef Eddie's and decided to try it.  In all my years in Orlando, I had never been to the Washington Shores area.  I guess it is a good thing because my husband and I would need to diet for 20 years! We walked into Chef Eddies (in a small strip plaza) and was greeted enthusiastically.It was not a large place but they had plenty of seating (until word gets out).  Diane was our server.  She had a great smile and was a wonderful server.  She never let the tea get empty and was quick on any request. We decided if we were going to cheat, we were going to go big.  Our meal included appetizers, dinner and dessert!   Diane brought over the jalapeno corn bread muffin with honey butter.  My husband does not even like cornbread and he ate the entire thing down without the butter!  When the owner (Eddie) found out we did not try the butter he brought out another one to try with the butter.  Wow, add a bit of sweetness with the kick of the jalapeno and you have an addiction. We had the garlic shrimp and scallop appetizer.  They were served in heavy butter, garlic, old bay (I think) and garlic bread.  Good but I would say "save room for dinner" because you will need it! We ordered the BBQ (this time).  I chose the ribs and my husband went with the combo platter (chicken, pulled pork and ribs).  The chicken meat fell off the bone-literally.  The ribs were very meaty and moist.  The pulled pork rivals any competitor (even the famous bbq off Fairbanks ave).  Now the side dishes are really special.  I went down home---give me some mac & cheese and sweet potato casserole.  I know---bad for the diet-pure carbs but oh, so worth it!  You could tell he used love in making these dishes.  The casserole was sweet and the mac & cheese was rich. We had to close out our meal with dessert.  I chose the Gran Marnier chocolate cake and my husband chose the carrot cake.  They were so good that we did not even share with each other!  The chocolate was rich and you could taste the liquor (just a hint).  My husband said the carrot cake was dense and the frosting was just sweet enough.  The couple next to us had the peach cobbler and they were "oohing and aahing". We took home leftovers. The portion sizes of the dinner was huge.  Chef Eddie came out a few times to make sure we were enjoying dinner and was welcomed us back as we were heading out. We will be back.  Maybe we should travel to the west side of Orlando more often!  Thanks for a great experience Eddie and Diane.
The BEST chicken and waffles I have ever had any where, with a great selection of unique waffles I have seen anywhere. I had the Red Velvet and Sweet Potato waffles and they were incredible.
I tried this place yesterday not expecting them to meet my high standards when it comes to food. They pleasantly surprised me. I had the ribs, collard greens, sweet potato casserole and a jalapeno corn bread with pieces of pineapple inside. I don't like jalapenos but, I have been craving those jalapenos with pineapple corn bread muffins ever since. The collard greens were just the way I like them. Both the collard greens and sweet potato casserole were generous portions. I wasn't crazy about the ribs. They had a mustard type sauce on top. They were tender but, the sauce didn't do it for me. I will be returning and try something different next time. I will be honest. This is not the type of place you go for the atmosphere. Fine dining it is not but, don't let that deter you. The place looks terrible and is in a not too great part of town. However, you don't have to worry about your safety when you come here and the place is clean inside. If you're not looking for a fancy place and just a place with delicious generous portions of food then you will love this place.
Ok, so this may not be the most finest dining of establishments but in the Soul Food category its 5 stars in my book.  This place is a total diamond in the rough and worth a trip to check out.  I found them on Groupons and thought I'd give them a try and boy was I impressed.  The prices are very reasonable, the place is a classic hole in the wall, staff is super attentive and friendly and the food....well, pretty darn tasty.  From the pineapple butter to the special tangy sauce on the rib sandwich, Chef Eddie pays attention to the details and it makes it a very special place indeed.  Will definitely be a repeat customer and will tell my friends.
Chicken and waffles always hit the spot. Here it's done a little different with a variety of waffles. I tried the Sweet Potato waffles and they were quiet delicious. I could taste a piece of the sweet potato in every bite. It was obvious the waffles were made fresh and contained REAL sweet potatoes. The chicken wings just made the meal even better. Even though we arrived after breakfast was no longer being served, the chef still made our breakfast order just as fresh as if it were the first order of the day. We will be back!!!!!
Came here for a second time, this time for breakfast. I had the chicken and blueberry waffles and the hubby had catfish and strawberry waffles. Once again the food was delicious. Was able to sit down and eat this time because it was not scorchingly hot. The service was friendly and the food was right in my budget.
Great food and wonderful down home service! Homemade lemonade was wonderful. Turkey wings was great w/ yellow rice. Oh and how can I forget....the prices are unbelieveable!
This restaurant is underrated. The food tastes great & prices are great along with the amount of they serve.
Went to Chef Eddie's Saturday as we had woke up in the afternoon, wanting breakfast/lunch.  So I knew this was the best time for Chicken n Waffles.  I have ate at Roscoe's in Los Angeles many times and while they are good... being born and raised in Orlando it was such a thrill to have it here I have to say they are better.  Everyone was real friendly, food and setting inside are great, made us to go cups of the delicious sweat tea.. it was an all around great dining experience.  Make sure to go here because it is places like this that depend on repeat customers and word of mouth and we need to keep our money in the community instead of giving to large corporate companies.  If only they were open late night... I'd be heading up right now!
Service is great! They have beer and wine. And the biscuits are amazing!!  The crab cakes, grits and greens are the best I've had. You can't go wrong with any dish. The street is well lit. Support the local spots!!!
yummy in my tummy
Food was good!
The food was excellent! The service was not. We had to ask for syrup for the chicken and waffles, refills for our drinks, hot sauce, and the check. The waitress' excuse for not bringing the check was "you were in the restroom". I was not the only person at the table, so she could have just set it there like they do in every other restaurant. Their system needs to be updated. When we walked up to the counter to get our check, our waitress was doing the math with a calculator. On a brighter note Chef Eddie himself came out, spoke to people and shook hands which I find to be highly professional. It also shows his appreciation of his customers. Furthermore, I noticed that another waitress got the order wrong at the table next to ours. Chef Eddie comped the gentleman's meal, again highly professional. The man had been waiting for quite some time. I will return, but they definitely should hire servers who are more attentive and expedient. The place was not packed.
Great food - wonderful service - the outside puts you off a bit but inside is really great soul food - from the fried green tomatoes to the stewed beef, au gratin potatoes, chicken and waffles - the food is as good as anything I have ever had in the south - and their fried chicken is top of the heap ...
Was with a group of 13, and we all ordered something different.  All of the food was great and portions were huge.  Staff was very friendly, they even came out to sing happy birthday to our birthday girl..  Will be going back.
Beef short rib on yellow rice, collards & mac & cheese.  It doesn't get any better!
All I can say is OMG! This spot is a must whenever I go to Orlando from now on! I had Eddie's chicken and RED VELVET waffle...I was speechless. The chicken was very moist and full of flavor. I cannot explain the red velvet waffle, you have to taste it. There is a reason why this spot has 5 stars. I almost forgot, try the lemonade it nothing like you had before.
So much food! Red velvet chicken and waffle are so good! Great place to go to avoid tourist traps.
OK I got a groupon and when I went to use it a couple of months ago I was a little disappointed with the deal and with the inside of the place. So I just got food to take out at that time - it was good but not spectacular & I can barely remember what I got. I went back to use the groupon although the deal expired. There was a lot of confusion for some time on how to or how I would use the groupon. Chef Eddie was trying to figure out how he would get his money and was trying to explain to me how groupon pays him or rather doesn't pay him. He sent me to another person there to look up my groupon and see if it could be redeemed, meanwhile a women (maybe owner/part owner) comes over and apologizes and tells me she will never do groupon again and blah, blah blah - I just wanted some food!!! After all that I finally ordered some food and the woman taking my order was totally confused and they were trying to explain things to her - anyway - FINALLY I get my food. I felt that the food was OK but I have been to better soul food places in  the Orlando area. After reading a lot of the reviews posted here I felt like I wasn't in the right place or the place other people were talking about. I had a catfish dinner ( a little to fishy) and ribs, which were good but again I have had better. I also had a piece of Red Velvet cake that crumbled to pieces when I put my fork into it.... While I was waiting for my food an employee was getting repremanded right on the spot - loud and wrong,definately bad for business, I didn't want to hear all of that. This plus the groupon experience will not have me coming back or telling my friends this is where they need to eat - sorry!
Awesome!  Can't wait to return.
Unbelievable, I don't know where to start. Food looked & tasted so good I almost slapped my momma & she lives in Palm Beach, Fl. She & dad our driving up in 2 weeks to come here, not even to see her grandchild. I took a picture before I started eating it looked soo good. I didn't eat for the 1st minutes because I didn't want it to be over. This place will fool you from the outside but when you get your food you will be in a state of happiness. They have soo much variety. The shrimp are lightly breaded & seasoned perfectly, ribs fall off bone, Mac n cheese is crazy good, swt potato pie was to die for. I saw all walks of life in the place. The food and fresh lemonade was soo good that I don't think It's legal. God bless America and.Chef Eddie's.
I went to this restaurant on 3-01-2013 and I have to say It was the worst experience I have ever had. Went in during my lunch break And waited over 45 min for a to go order. I understand that the food is being made But if they are going to offer to go service they need to work on the wait time Possibly having a separate area for people to just get their meals more quickly. Now on to the food I got fried chicken Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes I was so excited to try this "soul food" place out and couldn't wait to try it. Lets start with the chicken it was very fried and dry and bland I did not enjoy it at all. The Mac and cheese had no taste and no flavor. I was so Disappointed with  the first 2 items I couldn't even eat the mashed potatoes And I never even finished anything I just threw it away $9.10 down the drain I just know I probably won't be returning to try anything else out. I hope they do Find a way to make takeout a lil faster for those who would like to try them.
Absolutely fabulous! Bring a big appetite and empty stomach because the food is good and plenty. The service provided by our waitress "Twinkle" was nothing short of outstanding. A must visit when you are in Orlando. Will not disappoint.
Hands down the best soul food in Orlando. Yes a lot of people highlight the chicken and waffles because they are pretty banging. But this place has a huge variety of great dishes. Their Mac and cheese is to die for. Their turkey wings and oxtail meals are delicious. But I think the most addictive thing they have is the cornbread muffin with the pineapple/coconut butter. Omg it's delicious. I live east Orlando and I drive about 45 min just to eat at chef eddie's. it truly does taste like it came right out of my grandmas kitchen. The neighborhood and outside may turn you away cause it looks a little shady. But experience has taught me you'll typically get the best food from the little hole in the wall places. Not to mention the wait staff is so sweet and chef Eddie is extremely diligent. I took a friend with a seafood allergy there and he made sure her fried chicken was cooked separately and that nothing she ate was cross contaminated. We have been to some five star establishments and told them the same thing and she's walked out with an allergic reaction because her food touched some sort of seafood. So I'm a fan. And will be for as long as they are here in Orlando. Oh did I mention it was Cheap! OMG. It's so cheap, lol. Love it.
AHHHHHHH......thank you. Have you ever gotten a craving that was a burning desire...eating at every fiber of your being, needing to be satisfied?  An aching monster needing to be fed?  A constant itch needing to be scratched? Well, that's how I was about fried chicken. (Obviously, I don't get out much.)  I flew into Florida on business, but as soon as the plane landed, cue the Fried Chicken ITCH.  (Don't ask me...some things just can't be explained.) Every free moment I was on Yelp, this wonderful tool for the unscratched itch.  I finally found Chef Eddie's...and MAN, was I in for a treat. Point #1: (Yes, I will actually make a few points worth reading...): Don't expect a  storefront out of your comfortable, pretentious suburbs. This is down home, city NEIGHBORHOOD food.  I'm from Orange County, California.  Chef Eddie's is an incredibly refreshing culture shock for me. LOVE IT. See my pic. Point #2: THE PEOPLE. I walked into Eddie's place at 7:45 at night.  They close at 8:30.  My server walked me around to find just the right spot.  "You wanna be by the TV, honey?"  My GOD, I LOVED being treated the way they treated me here.  I felt so special.  I felt like I had been invited to the home of someone from my church, and they had been anticipating this visit from me for weeks.  I had several people catering to me. I felt completely at home here. Chef Eddie and the crew found out that this was a week long sojourn for me to have some GOOD fried chicken, and I think they pulled out all the stops. (This is all my perception...this is probably exactly how they treat EVERYBODY, except for nudges who walk into a place looking for things to complain about...you know who you are, previous reviewer...)  Eddie himself came over and talked me up a bit.  I'm sure he was tired from a full day of cooking and running the place, but he was as sweet as his waffles to ME. Point #3: The food.  Fried chicken.  UH-HUH.  TRUTH.  LEGIT.  Baby, it doesn't get ANY BETTER than this.  Where does that flavor come from??  OMG.  Hint of a spice or two, but also straight back to the chicken.  WOW.  Also, how the "H-E-double hockey sticks" does Eddie keep this chicken so frickin' moist???  Does he brine it?  Does he inject it?  Does he massage the birds up until the time of their untimely demise, promising they will be rewarded for all eternity if they stay happy when being prepped and then eaten?  I digress.  I also had the Butter Pecan Waffles.  DeLISH.  The Mac 'n' Cheese I would like bronzed, just so I can put it on my mantle to remind me of this momentous occasion.  It was incredible. All-in-all, my itch was scratched, my hunger sated, my monster fed and my desire was satisfied.  More than satisfied, because now I'll be desiring more of Eddie's chicken. SIT DOWN, ROSCOE'S...YOU AIN'T GOT NOTHIN ON EDDIE. Thank you, everyone at Chef Eddie's for an incredible meal!  :-)
Pros: the fried chicken is delicious!!!!! In my opinion, it's better than Gladys Knights in Atlanta, and very close if not better than Roscoes in LA. The server was really nice, and the food comes out pretty quick. Cons: the parking is limited. The Mac n Cheese isn't that good. The cornbread isn't that good. And the worst part of all, I saw a roach!!!! Ughh, I wanted to turn a blind eye, but I just couldn't. This could have been a lost critter, and not an actually resident of the place. But I can't say for sure. But, even with all the cons, the fried chicken is enough to put the restaurant at 4 stars. Proceed with caution!
Food was super good, unfortunately service wasn't up to par. Our waitress was nowhere to be found, I called Chef Eddie over to ask about the chicken breast we were still waiting on since my husband order the chicken and waffles but did request for chicken breast.  Chef Eddie promptly got my husbands chicken breast and even offer to give my husband another waffle since he had been waiting, we kindly said no thank you.   After waving our waitress down to get our check, again we waited and waited till I finally got up and ask Chef Eddie's wife for out check.   While we waited again for the check, Chef Eddie's wife asked with a smile on her how everything was.  We proceeded to tell her but the moment we started to tell her about the service, she got very defensive and tell us how they struggle to what they got and how when she was working for Darden that customer where treated poorly because of her kind.   As much as we tried to express our concerned her remark of "it is what it is" really threw us for a loop. Seriously? Wow that showed me how she feels about ratings.  Unfortunately Chef Eddie wasn't around to hear this because he truly seems concerned about his customer when he try to go above and beyond.   And after all that, she had the audacity to ask for a hug. Really? U pretty much told us we're of no value to ur business n then u want me to hug u?!  She's lucky I even gave her a hand shake when we left.   We won't be going anymore, even though the food is great, the service was bad today which we would have let pass but her remark it is what it is" left us with a bad taste!! I'm sure this will get deleted but that's ok, it's already on my Yelp...Sorry Chef Eddie, just know your business partner and wife really ruin it for us and our friends.
If ya looking for a upscale juke joint in the middle of the hood, here ya go!  While the wait was long for a not-so-busy part of the day, the pleasant service and tasty food made up for the CPT. Recommended are the T-bone steak and smothered chicken wings. *thumbs up*
The food was awesome and service by Debra was great! The restaurant can definitely use some updating but if you over look that, I say my overall experience was awesome! It hit the spot!
Best chicken and waffles in town. Fried green tomatoes are also great. Friendly service
Carroll our server was such a sweet heart. Amazing food!  Chicken and waffles for the first time. Would definitely come back.
I love this place! Don't let reviews of the East location dissuade you from going here. There appears to be very parking, but there's also a small lot in the back. This place gets lots of business on a Sunday afternoon. But the food is well worth the wait. The first time we went the chicken was perfect, but my wife's waffle was overcooked. On our second visit we tried the wings and shrimp. The chicken could have used salt this time, but the shrimp were on point! I need to find out where they get their cocktail sauce. It was extra tasty! I'll always look forward to going back, just at a less busy time.
