BEST BANH MY EVERRR! super cheap + awesome flavor + friendly owners. What more can you ask for??? I've had plenty of banh mys in my life and this place just surpasses them all!  It's not your typical banh my with the pate spread.  They have their own unique house spread that's just oh so good! I have no idea what's in it but I do know that I could go for one right now!   My gf and I were in orlando visiting the parks and during a yelp session, we came across Banh Mi Nha Trang.  I saw the wonderful reviews and thought to myself, how good can banh my really be?  I feel like all banh mys pretty much taste the same and nothing really stands out.  I couldn't believe it but we decided to drive out 30 minutes just to go try this place.  We ended up coming here for a light snack before checking out a nearby park and then heading off to dinner.   So glad we did because just like all the other reviewers, this place is just pure awesomeness!  We talked to the owners and they are soooo nice! They told us that we can have a refund if it's not the best banh my we've tried.  Im thinking of course they're going to say that but after I took my first bite, I was hoooked!  I would've gladly payed double for that flavor (i believe we got the combo meat).  The bread was crispy on the outside and oh so soft on the inside (the owner told us he wakes up every morning around 3 to prep his dough and make his bread. Crazy!!) I wish they would franchise one here in Dallas! but they wanted to keep it family owned so it's a bummer in that aspect. ps: this banh may tasted so much better than our fancy dinner. I should've just had a few more!!!
Best place to get banh mi - and banh mi is the best sub in orlando - so this is the best. Best Of Orlando.
Let me start by first saying I do not like sandwiches and I'm definitely not a "sub" guy. For the most part I eat paleo and try to stay away from bread period. OK...here goes. Same old story... Great reviews on Yelp... I was in the area... I wanted to see what all the hype was about... After walking around a Vietnamese shopping plaza I finally found the entrance. Walked in but I wasn't impressed (its literally a hole in the wall with an older couple bustling around in the back). It looked like a run down deli on its way to closing. I ordered the #1 after asking what was popular. I waited 10 minutes. I paid my $3.50 (prices aren't even printed on the menu which sits inside a plastic stand on top of the glass display). I took my order, got into my car, couldn't wait because I was just way to curious (I thought Yelp let me down), took one bite, and was BLOWN away. The quality, flavor, and LOVE put into something so simple as this Vietnamese sandwich is magical. I was planning on taking one bite, maybe even eating half the sandwich to curb my appetite but ended up inhaling the entire thing in 13.2 seconds. In a city with not many hole in the wall gems...this place is definitely a keeper. I'm glad its not closer to me or else I'd be cheating on my diet much more than I should. Sorry to doubt you Yelp. You didn't fail me yet again.
Delicious!
Super friendly owners and super cheap! The banh mi's were good. Had the grilled pork and the grilled pork/bean curd. Loved how this was my first time there, and the lil' lady came out and said "See you tomorrow!" lol.
The banh mis here are amazing! My 10 year old could eat 2 of them in a row they are so good. The staff is super friendly and we come here so much that they already know what we're going to order. They accept cash only and you can park on Colonial in the front or they have a small parking lot in the back. I love coming here because it is a family restaurant, small and foreign so you feel transported in another world when you come here. And did I mention the banh mis are delicious? Super fresh and tasty! I wish I lived closer to them...
Ok, I STILL think they deserve at least 7 stars!  EVERY time we come to Orlando, this is the first place (and last place!) where I come to eat!  It is the one restaurant that is unique and memorable enough to distinguish a city where the best options (sadly, with few exceptions) are generally chain restaurants (and that's no compliment)!   Don't let the little no frills shop turn you off; this is the real deal and a real bargain!  The bread alone is worth a visit.  My tiny wife ate an entire sandwich by herself-she NEVER does that!  Hands down the best food in Orlando! BTW, please pay them at least $4.00 per sandwich (they only charge $3.50/ sandwich, Buy 5 get 1 Free!); we NEED them to stay in business, and it's DEFINITELY WORTH IT!  They were apologetic when they had to raise the price form $3.00 per sandwich a while back - what nice people, and what a bargain!!  However, remember they are Cash Only.
They got best banh mi here and best services also. Only wish they got one in oklahoma .
This place has the best Bahn mi in town! Super friendly staff(the lady is awesome) and it's so delicious i might possibly "see you tomorrow"!
Very small Mom and Pop shop. If u are just walking by its actually not the most inviting as its a small place and has not much room for any eat ins. Decided to try this place because of its many positive reviews. I had the Bang Miss Thit Nuong which is the Grilled Pork. I would recommend this place to people but would give them the discretion of what type of place this will look like. After meal: omg I just died and went to Vietnamese sandwich heaven... its sooo good. Not ur typical Vietnamese French bread because it has a slight sour dough kick to it... If I could I would eat this everyday.. :-) Mmmmmm
Just had my first banh mi from Banh Mi Nha Trang! It was a good banh mi. The fillings were tasty, and came with a bag  that had plenty of veggies on the side. BMNT doesn't use the correct banh mi for their sandwiches (not that it was bad), but it wasn't flaky and crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. The meats were pretty good, but my sub didn't have enough pate or butter (it was barely there). The price is definitely cheap, and of course they do the typical buy 5 get 1 free deal, which is a plus. I'd  grab a banh mi if I was shopping near by, but I prefer other Viet sub shops that are right down the street.
So friendly, so nice, DEEEEELLLIIOSSSHHHHHH. Crispy soft bread. Ate #6. Only $3.50. Our party of five girls told the cute couple to hire the prices, at least to five dollars. They smiled and said no, then no customers come. This stuff is worth $12 each or more!!!
First of all, I love how friendly they were and very welcoming even though it was my first time coming. The lady making the subs was very lively and also very funny. I have read the reviews and how people rave about this small, discreet mom and pop sandwich shop. I happened to be around the area so I decided why not try it? I went inside and it was a very small shop with just enough room to seat a group of 6 to 8 people at most. I have ordered the #1 special, and let me tell you this mini vietnamese sub was just too scrumptious and mouth watering with bursts of different flavors. The textures of the meats, vegetables, and herbs combined perfectly together and topping it off with their special sauce. Just before I left, the lady told me I will see you tomorrow!She was right, I really should have because I was frustrated and agitated with myself the next day for not ordering five instead of just one. I highly recommend this place and I will definitely be going back multiple times! 5 Stars!
We had a grand time finding this place but it is so worth it. Located in a very small shopping...alcove I would say, we were humbly greeted by the most friendliest owners there. If you ever experienced Vietnamese hospitality before, they made you feel right at home. They have quite a selection of oh so delicious banh mi to choose from plus a few local snacks. If you don't know what to choose, the owners are there to help guide you along the way. And please don't forget to bring cash. I don't think there's any nearby ATMs. The hospitality here is just so heartfelt, I would definitely come back if I were to be in Orlando again.
Just had Banh Mi Special and banh mi w chicken bean curd... No words explain. Awesomeness. I love the husband and wife team. Super nice and friendly people. Will come for more.
This is my first time visited this place because I'm from Austin tx and I'm trying to find a good vietnamese sandwich. I'm so glad I found this place :) the couple in there is so friendly and cute :) the sandwich is the yummy and juicy that's melt your mouth. I ordered number 21 and 6. Both sandwich is delicious. But number 21 is their special and unique there :) I will recommend this place to all the people that's looking for the best Banh mi in the town. I wish in Texas have a place like this so I can eat every week. I will come back here again when I visit florida again :) I'm so glad I found this place.
$3.50 for a impeccable, delicious experience that defies expectations? Sold. Must visit, must return.
This place is the ultimate hole in the wall. I have to add my .02 to the glowing reviews for this banh mi place. I want to start off by saying I am not big on banh mi's. I hardly ever crave for it or feel like I need to have one. Oh my! This place has changed me to only crave their banh mi's!. The banh mi's that come out of that tiny kitchen  is pretty darn fab. The french bun is so crispy but just enough chewiness (I can't confirm if they bake in house or its bought from near by Viet sources). The house special is delish! #6 is great but I keep thinking its normal grill pork but its looks like Char Siu inside - I guess technically its still grilled pork. I have tried the Pork Belly one and you've got to be a big fan of it to really like it. It didn't quite sit well with my stomach cause I'm not use all the fat. Many items are made with deli meat and pork products. There are other ones though that are vegetarian and fish but you'll probably have to request for them to hold off the pate smear. I usually park in the back lot on Hillcrest St. and not on E. Colonial to get to this store because parallel parking on E. colonial is sort of a nightmare on the weekends. Cash Only - 3.50 per sub. Buy 5 get 1 Free! ENJOY! "See you tomorrow!  OK!" - you know what i'm talking about.
OMG the best Bahn mi in a long time. The bread crunchy on the outside and soft inside. A little hard to find, but so worth it
Best Banh Mi ever! We had #21 Chicken Banh mi. Sooo good. Definitely will eat here again on our next visit.
This is the best place to get banh mi (Vietnamese Poboy Sandwich) in Orlando. The owner bakes the bread herself and the bread itself is the best I have ever had from any city. Most other places order their bread from a vendor. My favorite is the grilled pork banh mi. The owner also makes fresh cha lua  (Vietnamese Ham/Pork).
The Asian population is almost none in Orlando. But they had a Viet area so we decided to check it out since we had time to kill. We came here and of course the bf decides to chat with the owners...told them we were from California, etc etc. We ordered the number 1 and it was very good. The bread was soft and warm, the meats had a lot of flavor. I began craving for more. Not bad at all! But then again, NorCal doesn't have that great of a selection even though there are plenty of bang mi joints (Lee's Sandwich is completely Americanized so it shouldn't even be considered a comparison). There are other banh mi joints people! Anyhow, back to Banh Mi Nha Trang, it was really definitely tasty! Check it out if you are craving it. Sure the decor could get an upgrade, but for $3.50 a sandwich (cash only btw) who cares? You're not going to eat there anyway. =)
Ok, I agree with most of the other yelpers that this place is delicious! I had the #1 House Special. I think if you had a lot of banh mi in your lifetime, you always have to try the special to see if its good. And it was great! The heat in it was just perfect. Most places where you find banh mi, they put in the hottest jalapeños that you sometimes forget to take out before biting into it and your mouth is burning afterwards... you know what I'm talking about? lol Anyway I didn't find that happening in my sandwich at this place. Their spicy sauce is a great subtle difference which probably makes them stand out from everyone else. Enough heat to enjoy, but not enough to burn out your tongue! It's a cash only, hole in the wall kind of place. So don't be scared when you first come in! As I went on my way, I did hear the popular trademark "See you tomorrow"! Definitely will have to try some of their other options the next time I visit.
Best Banh Mi I have ever had!!!!!  They have 15 different kinds and are incredibly friendly.  They will help you make a decision.  The prices are so low, I would just order a couple.  I got one another night and I wasn't even hungry they are that good.
I really like the sandwiches here, especially the sauce. Go, you won't regret it. Love, Bao Eat on my friends
I have been to several places throughout the US that serve bahn mi, but this place is my favorite by far. Her sandwiches are truly perfect. The rolls are always fresh with a wonderful crispy crust. The veggies she adds are also fresh but provide a great balance of pickled and spicy flavors. I've tried several different of her sandwiches, but the grilled pork and the meatball are still my favorites. I've tried the Vietnamese meatball sandwich at other places, but they just can't get it right. She really must work magic in getting those meatballs just right. The price is incredible too. At $3.50 a piece, why would you get a sandwich anywhere else (including those terrible fast food joints)? The lady who makes the sandwiches is also one of the sweetest ladies ever. She is always very friendly and welcoming. She always seems so exited to make a sandwich. And on your way out of her shop, she always shouts "See you tomorrow!" I will see you tomorrow magic bahn mi lady, I will see you tomorrow.
First of all, I went and try this place because  of the review but I was so disappointed in this place. It was one of the nasty sandwich I had.  But the service was good the workers was very helpful.
This place is so tasty. The sandwich we had we will definitely be back for again. Park in the back off the building and walk through the breeze way. Tricky to find but worth the search.  SEE YOU TOMORROW!!!
If you are in the Orlando area TRY THIS PLACE! When people have said hole in a wall, they seriously mean it.  Do not expect to be able to eat in house.  It is basically a small room with one table.  Do yourself a favor and already figure that you will be taking it to go. I had a hard time finding it at first.  It is in a cul de sac of storefronts and is at the far back right corner.  There are tons of chairs out front which will help you find it.   I got the number 6, traditional pork vietnamese sandwich.  It is definitely char siu, not like the grilled pork that is normally in this sandwich.  Honestly, who cares, it is delicious!  The bread is to die for and tastes freshly made!  Other places sometimes toasts it to become too crispy, but this one is perfect.  I asked for it without peppers and the owner had a hard time understanding me.  I finally just said don't make it spicy.  I was afraid he didn't understand me, but he did.  It was still a tad spicy, but I think it could have been the ingredients proximity to spiciness before he put it in the sandwich.  Anyways, it wasn't a problem. The owners are definitely gems.  They are super friendly.  Love them, love their sandwiches, and eat here!
Stopped by to see how Orlando does Banh Mi sandwhiches compared to my neck of the woods and id say it did BETTER! Ordered the Banh Mi Dac Biet (Special Combo #1) It has much more flavor and juices coming out compared to home. The couple were very nice and easy to talk to. Cash only spot so make sure you make a stop before coming in.
Craved some banh mi after reading all of these reviews. Took the 30 min drive to the place. Owners are so cute and very friendly! Cheap prices!!! I'm from NYC so they don't beat NYC on the flavor. They are good for the price point but I have paid double for better quality in Fort Lauderdale. I did the buy 5 get 1 free. I feel like it would be better if they charged $4.50/piece and put more in each sandwich. I am however impressed with the quality of the bread. Overall I am happy there is a big vietnamese presence on this street and will come back for sandwiches when I have a hankering.
I am madly in love with this place. When I used to live in Downtown, I'd come to this place at least 4 times a week. NO JOKE. First of all, like everyone says, this beautiful sandwich parlor is hidden away next to the Chewy Boba place off East Colonial. The sandwiches (Banh Mi) are super cheap and delicious but that's not why I come here. The woman that owns/runs the shop is amazing. She's SO funny and as everyone says, she always says "See You Tomorrow!" Her English has gotten so much better since I've eaten at her place over the past year, so we hold some decent conversations but this woman's personality - I mean GEEZ. SO AWESOME. If anything, go stop by and say hi! I adore her to pieces :D
5 stars for just the bread only but for authentic Viet banh mi...sorry.  It looks like it but does not taste like the banh mi thit I know I love.  Perhaps it's not the right pate or the meat cut.  Even tried banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork) and it was off.  The bread however was really good, great crunch and chew texture.  Sadly not quite there with what I'd called authentic banh mi thit flavor.  All you banh mi thit connoisseur out there, you know what taste I'm talking about.
Bottom line (at the top): Tremendous, tasty and superior bang-for-the-buck Banh Mi. I'm no expert, but I have had BM (teehee) on both coasts, including in Viet-American heavy San Jose, and this is the best I've had. We've been here before, but this time we met the proprietor's daughter (the genial and informative Tiffany) and heard the story of the establishment. Tiffany's mother crafts these sandwiches as a labor of love in her retirement. She won't allow her daughters to participate in the creation of the sandwiches beyond the finishing touches. The best thing about these BMs in my estimation is that the flavors are potent but balanced -- just enough peppery-ness, livery-ness and crunchiness on a perfect, mouth-massaging roll. No paper cuts to the palate here. We also tried the sour ham stick, and while not for SE Asian food newbies, it was delic. Visit this place!
Sorry, but the hype is unreal. The people who own it are very very nice, but the sandwhich was something I'd expect from a vending machine. Do yourself a favor and go to Anh Hong about 100 feet away, the Banh Mi is better, and bigger.
Something about a lady that says "See you Tomorrow!!!" that I just love. Sandwiches? Well! At three bucks a pop, we tried a bunch. Actually, I think we got six.  We tried this, and that, and..... well, about half the menu. Didn't get a bad sandwich in the lot. When I go back, I will......  1. Order less. 2. Order with extra meat for a buck.  3,  Keep appreciating the family that runs this place, especially their hospitality, and 4.  Try one of the few sandwiches that I didn't try last time! If you think you can't find it, look in a small office complex that feels like it was built in the 50's as a doctor/dentist office complex. Open atrium, small garden.  Has that feeling. Limited seating, but allows you to share the one big table with total strangers, and get to know some new people!
The best banh mi in a competitive banh mi market. You just have to try it to understand what I mean. There's something special about the bread. She tells you you've never had a sandwich as good as hers and she's right. "See you tomorrow!"
If you want Vietnamese sub full of flavor - this is the place! The owners may not understand everything you say or give you an advice in your choice, but they are super sweet and friendly and they make some awesome subs. I love the place
Good eats for cheap! This place is in the plaza to the left of Chewy Boba and easy to miss if you aren't looking out for it. I had the #6 grilled pork sandwich..pretty much char sui pork and it was delish!! The bread was toasty and warm and the service was helpful and sweet, this is definitely a must-try in the viet town food scene.
The Banh mi's are amazing here! Been here several times and I recommend this place to everyone!  The owners are adorable and they are always quick.  A great place to grab a few sandwiches togo and take them to lake eola for a picnic.
I've had banh mi from every corner of the US; from Lil Saigon in LA to the Viet Town of Boston, hell, I've even had banh mi in road side stalls in the streets of Vietnam, aka the home of the banh mi. This lady's banh mi is top notch. The nread that she uses is like the perfect polymerization of french and cuban bread; crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The downfall of other places that serve banh mi is that the bread is too doughy which takes away from the flavorful fillings. There's also a wide range of traditional fillings as well. My favorite is the dac biet (special), it's made up of different types of pork cold cuts with pork pate slathered on the bread. In addition, the meat is accompanied by pickled veges, fresh cilantro, and topped with a spicy garlic fish sauce.   The only gripe I have about this place is that it's to go. I would prefer to have it immediately instead of waiting to go home to bite into it .
Tried Banh Mi Nha Trang for the first time today at lunch and I thought it was good. The bread was great, didn't make my gums bleed like a lot of other french breads do to me. The meat was flavorful and the sauces were great. I would like to try the other kinds of sandwiches, was very happy with the 1st impression. The owners were very nice, they do not speak English very well, but they were friendly and accommodating. The shop is super hard to find, it is in the middle of a U shaped strip mall. They are tucked away inside. I parked in the back and had no issues.
I only had a chance to try the #1 (Banh Mi Dac Biet - $3).  The owner told me that she gave me extra meat.  After unwrapping my sandwich to see how it looked, I was quite disappointed because there was actually very little meat.  Please see my photos.  I came across this place through yelp.  Their #1 special looked really good from photos of other yelpers.  Mine didn't quite look like that.  As you can see the ratio of bread to fillings was way off.  If you're on a low carb diet, you wouldn't  like what they serve. There is just a lot of bread.  If you're gluten sensitive, you definitely wouldn't like the doughy texture of the bread.  For those who cares know more about the bread, they don't use true French baguettes.  If you're familiar with Lee's Sandwiches in the west coast, it's not like that.  It's much softer even when toasted. I've had a lot of Vietnamese sandwiches throughout North America and Vietnam.  I would say that Banh Mi Nha Trang is definitely above average.  Anthony Bourdain gave wave review of Banh Mi Phuong in Hoi An, Vietnam.  I've been there and tried it.  I think Banh Mi Nha Trang is actually quite similar to Banh Mi Phuong.  It's the unique blend of herbs and spices that not too many Banh Mi places use in the North America.  Overall, the sandwich is quite tasty.  If they put more meat in the sandwich, or give the option of adding more meat for an extra fee, I would definitely give this place a solid 5 stars.
I stumbled upon this place when my travel partner got a massive craving for Vietnamese food in the middle of Florida. I wasn't convinced we'd be able to satisfy something so specific but Yelp to the rescue! Banh Mi Nha Trang is nestled back in a little cluster of shops/restaurants. Once we found the place, we were greeted enthusiastically by the accommodating owners. We were very pleasantly surprised by the prices, but make sure you bring cash. The banh mi were characterized by wonderfully crispy in-house made bread, an assortment of very fresh veggies and herbs and a wide selection of flavorful meats. We were greedy enough to eat our meal and then take a few to go, but at $3 a pop, why not?
Very tasty... but yes, very little meat lol.  So yeah, we were in Orlando this past weekend and determined to try a few new places that's been on my radar.  Banh Mi Nha Trang was the second spot we hit.  We originally were going to share just a #1 combo sandwich (since this was our 2nd lunch of the day lol), but after looking at the list of sandwiches, we decided to also try crispy pork belly sandwich.  Knowing that I like my sammies very hearty, we opted to add extra meat for $1 to each of the sandwiches. The shop is teeny tiny... literally one table in the middle of the shop.  But we were there in the middle of the afternoon, so we were the only patrons there.  With the two sandwiches each with extra meat and 2 drinks, the total was still about 10 bucks!  You can't beat that. The sandwiches were very tasty; however, like some reviewers already indicated, not packed with meat.  But, we weren't disappointed because the flavor is excellent.  The veggies, meat, sauce, and bun altogether, created a very diverse taste flavor.  We liked both sandwiches and as full as we were already, still managed to stuff down each sandwich and walked away happy and satisfied.
Went here again today.  Sandwiches are beyond outstanding.  So fresh.  Amazing.  On a scale of one to ten its a 30.
Delicious banh mi, kind owners, and authenticity make this a 5 star establishment for me. It's tucked away in the back of the plaza where there's a shop with large (gaudy) Asian-style lions guarding the door on Colonial. The banh mi is super good. I've tried the #7 (chicken) and #18 (vegetarian) so far and both were great. The bread is crispy, the vegetables crunchy, and the chicken was moist and sweet. The jalepenos did push it over the edge for me in terms of spiciness on the #18, but that's not even an issue. The sweet and savory flavors just meld together beautifully. The owners are also both very welcoming and kind. Yes, we had some difficulty communicating, but a smile goes where words can't. Okay, cheesy, moving on. I waited inside for my order to be finished while holding a pizza that I'd picked up for my roommate. When my order was complete, the man not only put those in a plastic bag, but insisted on also bagging the pizza box that was obviously not from their establishment. They also charged me only $5 for both sandwiches; I'm not sure if that's the price or they just felt like that was how much it should cost. Regardless, I look forward to my return visit.
Hands down the best, most authentic place to get banh mi in town. Almost all their sandwiches are $3 each, which is the well known standard price. If you are paying $4, $5, or even $6 for a "gourmet" banh mi, you are being ripped off. There is a little something extra (some sort of fish sauce perhaps) that they use here, that definitely sets their sandwiches apart from the other shops. I also prefer their bread, and will sometimes stop by just to buy a few loaves for other purposes. One of the unique twists of this shop are the extremely friendly owners. Walking into an ethnic eatery can be intimidating for newcomers, but the owners (particularly the wife) will do her best to help you choose something good. And if it's your first time, they'll usually offer a money-back guarantee if you don't like your freshly made sandwich. There is only enough seating for about 4-6 people, so if its busy, you'll probably have to make it to-go. You can find a few benches outside though. Their English-speaking skills can be a little rough, and they may have trouble understanding you, but really, just pick a number from the menu...you can't go wrong! If you want to try some real banh mi, that the Viet community actually enjoys, this is a must-try!
Really love this place. It's hidden in the little Vietnamese plaza and definitely worth looking for it. The owners are very sweet. I usually remind them to not put headcheese or any meat or spice in my Banh Mi and they never have issues with that. My husband is the opposite and he also loves the Banh Mi. They're cheap and perfect the pair with Boba Tea or Smoothies from Chewy's around the back of Banh Mi Nha
Amazing. I do not know where to start. The bread, the veggies, the everything. Best sandwich I've had in my life. And it is so inexpensive. Who would have though for $3.50 you could have something so delish? I wouldn't have thought so. It is kind of hard to find if you aren't familiar with the area. It really is a hole in the wall. Also, cash only. Parking is along Colonial Drive, or behind the strip mall.
Best sandwich EVER!! The place is a whole in the wall, but it was definitely worth the drive from the Convention Center.
This place has excellent customer service, delicious banh mi, and extremely affordable. Coming from New York, I am used to paying on average $5 or upwards of $9 for a banh mi. Here at Banh Mi Nha Trang, they were literally $3 for one. If you buy 5, they throw in 1 for free. The husband works the counter and the wife prepares the sandwiches. It takes a few minutes to make the banh mi so be prepared to wait it out. The only complaint I have is the huge ass table in the middle of the very small dining area. I say get rid of the family style table and place 2 or 3 small tables. You really don't need a huge table to eat banh mi. Other than the spacing issue, the banh mi bread reminds me of banh mi bread in Vietnam. It is soft on the inside and somewhat crispy on the outside. There is plenty of space inside the banh mi to load up on fresh ingredients. Cash only!
Perfectly balanced sandwiches with the freshest ingredients and the just the right amount of heat. I love the house special #1! Whenever we are in town, this is our must-stop lunch spot. Be sure to bring cash- but not much, since it's only $3.50 for one of the best sandwiches you've ever eaten! The friendly owners are the icing on the cake to this little gem!
Damn they make a good banh mi here. Heard a lot of good things so we came to try... even after four pounds of crawfish and a soft-shell crab po-boy. I had the new BBQ pork banh mi and it was love at first bite. The BBQ pork was sweet which was complimented by pickled carrots and radish, and a garlic fish sauce. It all comes tucked in a nice crisp toasted (upon request) baguette. Cannot wait to come back to try other selections!
World class Banh Mi for nearly criminally low prices.   Theae would be going for $10 in NY and there would be a line around the block.  That good.
Six inch banh mi at $3.50 seem a bit pricey as other places in the neighborhood do twice that size for the same or cheaper... But there's something oddly addicting about the sandwiches at Banh Mi Nha Trang. The place is tiny with just one table and not much room to move around. The main menu consists of 12 or so choices. There's also a few menu boards written in Vietnamese with no explanation as to what the items are and the owner/operator had done trouble explaining them to me. Other than the banh mi I'm still not sure what else she sells. The banh mi, though, are quite a surprise. The six inch subs are slathered with garlic butter and toasted well, not just heated up. The vegetarian banh mi is stuffed with pickled rice noodles and the usual banh mi veggies as opposed to tofu like most other places around town - that's a definite plus for those who avoid soy. Highly suggested shop hidden in the courtyard of shops at Mills/50. Parking in back.
This is the best food ever at the best price ever. It's a small family-run place in the hear of Orlando's Vietnamese district, and is easily the best Bahn mi place in town. Great bread, delicious, not too much of anything or too little of anything: just right. It cannot be overstated how stellar this place is. Go!
Holy cow the #6 Pork is spicy but I liked it! #19 Pork Belly was phenomenal and owners were very sweet. I'll be back
I went here because of the high yelp ravings. It was quite small of a place. Not a restaurant or anything. Just one big table if you want to eat there. It was like a hidden closet with a space for them to make the subs. It was very unorganized and their items in their fridge display was all opened and laid out everywhere. Place had leaks running from the ceiling and kind of dirty. The price was okay. More than some other towns, but I guess they can do that here in a touristy town. The subs were okay. I ordered #1. The bread was super sticky like it was brushed with honey. It was drippy and soggy of a sub. (Too much sauce or something. No idea) The meat was very thin so you could barely tasted it. All you can taste is the Pate, which was very good, but it definitely took over the entire taste of the sub. Overall, it was an okay experience. But I would rather go to another nice sub restaurant to make my purchase than go to this run down place.
I tried the #1 (special) on my first visit, and it was delicious. I highly recommend it with Pâté. This cafe is tucked away from the road, Colonial, and a little difficult to find.  The owner saw me wandering with my phone's GPS and came out to greet me.  She is very nice, friendly, and honest.  She treated me like family and talked the entire time while she was making my sandwich. Found out she makes just about everything herself including the bread, pâté, and her own special sauce, which is very tasty.  She told me briefly about how she ended up in Orlando and that she runs the business herself with some help from her daughter.  She said she doesn't know much English because she immigrated at such an advanced age, but she knows numbers so one can order by telling her the sandwich number listed on the menu.   The cafe takes cash only, but it is worth the inconvenience.  It is closed on Thursday when she works on large orders.  A variety of classic sandwiches are available on the menu in addition to a vegetarian, which can be made vegan.  Looking forward to trying each one.
Hands down the best Viet sandwich place. Recommended by our Vietnamese friends many times. Finally went today. Ate two at the store and ordered four to go, lol. We tried grilled pork, chicken, house special and fish.
Had ordered the Xa Xiu(#20 if I recall) and the pork was pretty tasty, not too salty at all.  Came in 30 minutes before closing but the lady had no problem making my six subs, she was delightful!  Would definitely come here for my next fix of banh mi.
Do you know the scene in Goonies where Sloth holds the Baby Ruth bar over his head in triumph? That's how I feel when I'm handed my banh mi at Nha Trang. Sure, I may not have worked as hard for it, and I certainly didn't pull chains through a stone wall, but the excitement and glory of what I'm about to eat... That's mine. Before I found Nha Trang, I had at least 4 or 5 places I would go to get a banh mi *fill in the blank*. I stumbled upon this shop while wandering around during my lunch break. I was actually finishing up the last few bites of a banh mi when I saw the sign for Nha Trang and decided to check them out. With the glowing cheerfulness of the woman who greeted me, when she asked what number I wanted, I forgot I had finished lunch no more than 2 minutes prior, and randomly picked something from the English-translated menu. At her request, I sat down to wait 2 minutes. "Pâté?" I was asked, while she held up a utensil with a glob of the stuff. "Yes, please!" I responded back. "Toast?" She asked, while pointing to the large toaster oven conveyor belt. "Yes,  please!" There was a bit more exchange, but I don't think either of us knew what the other was saying. When my sandwich was ready, just as others have said, she requested I take the first bite while still there so I could confirm I liked it. Fannnnn-freakin'-tastic. With a mouth full of yums, I gave her a thumb up and an approving nod. I paid, and again, just as with everybody, she said that she would see me tomorrow. And she did. I don't know if I wanted to try another sandwich that bad or if I felt that when she said she would see me tomorrow that I didn't explain I wouldn't be back that soon. So I show up and order a grilled pork. This time, she didn't need to confirm if I wanted pâté added or my sandwich toasted. I get my sandwich, pay, and again, she says that she would see me tomorrow. Damn it! So the next day, I again make the walk over to Nha Trang. When I walked in, her delightful smile and laugh translated to me as "Yes, you're hooked. I knew you'd be back." Because it was a Friday and I don't live nearly as close by as I work, I opted for 2 sandwiches. Chicken and dac biet. (There should be symbols and lines around the letters, in that but you're going to deal with this version) The plan was to eat one and save the other until Saturday. Derp. I loved the chicken and liked the dac biet. Dac biet consists of a few different cured meats which I can't really remember (ham? Head cheese??) This has always been my least favorite banh mi at any location, and while I liked Nha Trang's version more than others, it's not something I gravitate towards. This time though, when I left and she said that she would see me tomorrow, I felt obliged to explain that it would be the weekend and I wouldn't be back for a few days. So Monday came, and I was back. This time, I went for the meatballs. Let me quickly say something. I. Fucking. Love. Meatballs. The woman goes to her freezer, gets a small container with a few meatballs in a sauce, and shows it to me. With our language barrier, I just have to imagine she said something like "These meatballs will make your face melt off and cause rainbows to drip from your anus." Just like always, I left, and started eating on my walk back to work. Halfway back, I decided to go back to Nha Trang and order another. This time, she taught me how to pronounce "xiu mai", meatball in Vietnamese. Hooray, I'm cultured! With the summer heat, I don't end up there nearly as often as before since I like to walk. 1 or 2 visits per week though keep me going. While it's easy to eat 2 of these sandwiches, I started to feel like a little piggy so now I just order 1 and snack on chips back at the office. Some random additional bits... I order the meatballs so often that as soon as she sees me she exclaims "xiu mai", so if I want to order something else, I need to speak up quickly. Sometime in the last month or two the menu has more than doubled. I'm slowly working my way through those, as it's hard not to order the meatballs There are other items besides sandwiches, but since my Vietnamese consists of bread and meatball, you're on your own. To solve the "tomorrow" dilema I always started replying back with "no, but I'll see you SOON". I don't know if it's understood, but I like to think now she knows and we're both saying our part, like roles in a play. If you haven't been. Go. If you have been but it's been a while, go back. These are sandwiches meant for the gods, and us puny mortals should feel honored to enjoy them too.
"Thank you; see you tomorrow!" Those of you who have been here before know exactly what I'm talking about!! For those of you who have never been here before....read on. The place is extremely hidden. How hidden? Well, when you reach the intersection of Colonial and Mills, you can park right behind the many Vietnemese shops. And when you park out back, there is a walk way that will lead you through a hallway (Yes, you will see the light at the end of the tunnel) that will allow you to cut through and reach Colonial. But if you're anything like me and very directionally challenged, there is a sign amongst the plants and bushes pointing you to their door. Walking in there isn't much. Not really any seating so I recommend getting your bahn mi to go. But the best part is that their menu is simple. Just pick a number, pay an aaaHHHhhhmazing $3 and when you're about to leave, the nice lady strongly announces, "Thank you, see you tomorrow!". So, how does one respond to that? "Well sure I'll see you tomorrow!!" and follow up with some friendly laughs and make a concerted effort to come back and give her a visit even if it's not "tomorrow". Their combination was tasty but their grilled pork still holds up to being the best sandwich in my opinion. So, if you're still reading this, you need to stop and hurry on down to get your bahn mi on yo!!
-As i wake up from a hazy dream-movie scene stylee Where am I? Why is the sign say open, yet door was locked? Then my Vietnamese angel opens the doors for me to come in.... I step into what looks like an abandoned one room supermarket, or a really great front for mafiosos. But then from the pure joy and friendlyness this little older lady has, i realize where i am:  I have landed in Vietnamese Heaven: Where Banh Mi sandwiches go to die....happily. Got the #4(Beef), $3 cash straight up. no tax, which made sense, there is no tax in Heaven. Toasty bread, fresh ingredients, pure and simple the best Banh Mi sandwich i have ever had. And just a warning, you HAVE to take at least one bite and give the chef "approval" before she lets you leave. Then she demands you come back tomorrow, which i almost drove across town to do just that the next day. Praise Jeebus!
Finding this place is not the easiest task since it is tucked away in the back of a small Vietnamese plaza, so be prepared to park and walk around in search of this goodness. Like many bahn mi lovers out there, I also search for the best bahn mi in this world. I found a strong contender with what Bahn Mi Nha Trang offers bahn mi lovers. My girlfriend and I walked into this mom and pop shop and we immediately realized that communication would not be an easy task. The only way we communicated with the owner was by listening to key words and pointing to what we wanted on the menu. We had the Pork Bahn Mi and Beef Bahn Mi with sweet glaze sauce. Before we knew it, our bahn mis were on the table and ready for consumption. Service is quick at this place, which was fantastic because we were both really hungry. The service does not end with one getting their food. The owner continued her charming ways by having a conversation with us throughout our meal. (My girlfriend takes the first bite.) Some words used after the first bite by her. "Oh my God." "Ah-mazing", which is better than amazing. Lastly, "Divine." I went head first into my sandwich and I felt the exact same way. It was awesomeness mixed in with a little more awesomeness. It had the right amount of spiciness, which was a good contrast to the simplicity of the daikon radish and cucumber. The flavors were truly a perfect blend. This meal was lovely with its rush of flavors and the host being kind and funny. Two bahn mis and a sprite comes at a steep price of seven dollars. The owner seems to ask everyone, "will you be back tomorrow." Our response, "we wish, but one tomorrow we will."
#21 chicken bahn mi!!!!  Yum yum!!!!!!! Hole in the wall has never been used so well to describe a place more then this one.
Walid from Mediterranean Deli, look out.  I may have stumbled upon someone as friendly and welcoming: the delightful woman at Banh Mi Nha Trang. It's nestled in a little arcade in the very core of Orlando's Vietnam Town, with the "monk's restaurant" almost next door, a Vietnamese travel agency, and a coffee and karaoke place that seems to exist only for elderly Vietnamese men to smoke cigarettes in the back. Banh Mi Nha Trang offers about eight sandwiches, one vegetarian.  As a quasi-vegetarian (a fish-eater), I tried the fishcake banh mi, which came with a nice amount of vegetables, for $2.75. I don't know how they do that.  The vegetarian was sandwich was a mere $2.00. I asked for my usual Yeo's soy milk, but the wonderful woman insisted I try the grass jelly drink instead. Good choice, and I could taste the grass at the bottom of the can. There was a communication problem, but I could so easily be a regular here.  As the wonderful woman said, "see you tomorrow."
Okay now, if you can manage to find the place... (LOL!) Forget trying  to pronounce this one, so be sure to bring your walkabout GPS along! The menu is an easy read and prices are silly reasonable! Typical freshly made sandwich is like $2.75. I  split # 4 and #6 and well #4 the beef is  a repeatable sandwich.  A cilantro lovers pick of the day! Love the hint of spicy  they incorporate into it. Hard to describe  a couple of the flavors in the pork - but there is a component  in there that really reminded me of my week of dining in Shenzhen China.  Not particularly a favorite flavor, but really has me wondering WTF it is?  Perhaps I reeeeally am better off not knowing? Now, it's intriguing to me how this "business district" has sorta evolved into the mish-mash of  shops all scattered around and intermingled - just like the hometown? No slam intended as the arrangement similarity to pictures seen of  business districts are quite the enigma. Definitely a take-out destination. Not much eat-in ambiance, but you can count on the friendly and accommodating folk. English is  spoken but a bit of patience may be required. Oh the funny thing is I'm trying to keep it simple and  order:" I want #4 and #6, cut in half."   That is it. So the "Maitre'D " relays my  order to the primary chef-spouse (?)  and goes on talking  for two long minutes, like they are discussing back and forth what mutual funds to purchase after he makes my change and we get outathere! Not sure what all was  being said, but just another no charge entertaining perk for visiting another world in our own back yard!
I decided to try something different this time; Sour Ham #12. The delicious cured meat is spiced with lots of black pepper and I just loved it. It isn't Thai hot, but if you like spicy, try the #12.
Tried my first Banh Mi last night. I felt like Homer Simpson eating a donut. OK, I've been on the Paleo diet for a while so I might be a bit jaded but this sandwich was really tasty. We tried both the beef and the grilled pork. There was something not quite right about the pork for me so next time I'll stick with the beef. I'll just have to say ditto on all the other positive reviews. The only thing I can think of to add is that I was surprised how good it was even though it was about about 30 minutes before we ate our sandwiches. I thought by then they would have been mushy but that's not the case. If you are picking these up to take back to the office they will be fine. As far as heat, I did detect some spice but it didn't ruin it for me. I don't care for spicy hot foods but was able to handle this. Definitely a repeatable experience!
3.50$ for some of the best bahn mi I've ever had. Its literally a steal. Oh and if you buy 5 you get 1 free. Its so delicious, don't let the sketchy location throw you off...
Thanks fellow YELPers  for finding this place.  I tried it out for the first time on Saturday for lunch and love it, so much so that I did follow the advice of the owner and I did "See her tomorrow."  Yes that's right I went back again on Sunday because I couldn't stop thinking about it.   To say this place is tucked away is an understatement.  I've probably driven past this old strip mall over a thousand times in the past 15 years and it has never captured my attention.   BEST DIRECTIONS: Drive around back to Hillcrest St and turn into the 4th driveway coming from Mills, park behind the peach colored building and make your way past some outdoor tables and down the hallway ( you can't see the hallway until you get close to the outdoor tables) to the courtyard, look to the left, and you will find this special place (thanks to whomever posted the storefront picture and directions).   Let me just say it now, I would have never even considered this journey if it weren't for those who came before and posted all the rave reviews, so once again, thank you.  I was greeted by a very friendly lady who directed my attention to the order-by-number menu.  On my first visit I had the #1 and a coffee.  Wow, the coffee was sure a surprise, I wasn't expecting it to be iced coffee and it was so rich and sweet, I actually had to water it down a little when I got to the car, still very good though.  The bread is homemade and very good.  On my second visit I had the #6.  I like both sandwiches and thought both would be good to recommend as a first try, they are only $3 each so why not try both. "I'll see you tomorrow!"
I was going to try Bale but it was closed on Monday so I decided to come here and try this place because of the good reviews on Yelp. Location: It is in a small plaza, kind of hard to find, parking mainly in the back area and some street parking in front of the plaza. The shop is really small and there is only one table with about 6 seats Menu/Price: their menu is in viet, and I can't read it at all, they offered different types of meat. The owner just pointed to me at the banh mi dac biet picture in the door and didn't even try to explain other stuff that they had due to the lack of English. I think this is the cheapest that I have eaten, it was only $2.50 and if you order 5 just like other places you get one for free. Food: they give a good amount of meat, the bread was crispy. As previous reviews mentioned the style is different because she adds chili sauce. If you can't eat spicy tell her to add less. I was ok with first couple of bites, but then it got spicier, it was so good that I couldn't stop. She mentioned that she was going to Vietnam for 2 weeks, I was lucky that I went on the day before she left. It will be open again on March 23rd. I bought a total of 6 subs and shared it with some friends. I had one of the left overs the next day and it was still delicious.
Her sandwiches are made to perfection and she knows it. My sister and I went there to get the Dac Biet (#1) and she recommended the Grilled Chicken with bean curd (#21). It was so good!!! I'm Vietnamese and I know a good sandwich and this is a good sandwich!
This place deserves all the praise it gets. The sandwiches are awesome, and blow away any Banh Mi I have had elsewhere. I have tried the meatball and the roasted chicken. Both were awesome. The bread is incredible, and the toppings and spices are just right...no overdone flavors sticking out. It is all balanced into sandwich perfection.
This place was awesome for various reasons: - The owner makes everything fresh and from scratch each morning. - She's a firm believer in only using natural ingredients -- so, you won't find preservatives and other icky things in the food here. - Know a little Viet and you can order off the "other menu" -- items not listed on the laminated sheet hanging from the counter. - The little garden out in front of the store contains herbs and peppers grown by the owner, just waiting to be picked, sliced, and folded lovingly into one of those delicious sandwiches. - The Banh Mi Cha Ca (fish cake) tasted sweet and didn't have a fishy aftertaste.  (Big plus in my book!) - The owner is hospitable and will motion for you to have a seat while she's preparing your sandwiches.  On a table are several photo albums of her family at weddings, on vacation, and other gatherings. - The ingredients don't get soggy and everything magically stays inside the sandwich.  I had zero "veggie fallout" while munching on the 2 different sandwiches that I tried that day. - Price is incredibly reasonable for all that you get. - For the few minutes we were in the store ordering the sandwich, it felt like we had been transported out of the US and into a tiny sub shop in Vietnam. We will absolutely be back the next time we're in Orlando!
The pork banh mi meets all expectations that Yelp has put on it. It is awesome. Nestled away in a tiny shop in Orlando, an adorable little lady sacrifices innocent victims to the sandwich Gods so that she can harvest their dreams and convert them into delicious flavor(this is not confirmed at all). Enter the glorious world of Banh Mi Nha Trang. There is a language barrier here, but we all speak the universal language of pointing, nodding, smiling, and shoveling food into one's face. The house made spicy sauce here is out of this world and will take your banh mi to the next level of deliciousness. You'll never, ever forget this banh mi unless you are like that guy in Memento, in which case you should have the address of this place tattooed to your arm so that you always remember where the best banh mi ever is at.
I am back in O-town and I stopped by to visit and get some banh mi to go.  I chatted up the owners and she told me that business has been well.  I mentioned that people have been raving up Banh Mi Nha Trang online and the nice lady was very please that people are loving her creations. Based on someone's review, I ordered a coffee.  Wow!!!  It is very good.  It is strong, smooth, and sinfully rich.  The gentleman told me that he roast the coffee at home and it is the family's personal recipe.  I couldn't stop thinking about this for days! The sandwiches are so delicious.  I think they are better than last time. The lady told me that she makes everything there: the bread, the pate, the mayo, the fillings.  She grows all the veggies.  She drives to St. Petersburg for the fish.  This is a true mom and pop shop!! The prices have gone up to $3.00 but you know where the profit goes to and it isn't buying someone in NYC a mansion.
Awesome little hole in the wall tucked into a little plaza on Colonial. The Bahn Mi was amazing! The bread was perfect, crunchy outside and soft inside with fresh cilantro and peppers and many different meats. I had the Crispy Pork Belly and loved it. This is no frills, one table and random chairs type of place, but the food quality is fabulous. "See you tomorrow!"
I'm gonna keep this very short and simple. Best banh mi in Orlando. Period. If. You ever had banh mi anywhere else and thought they were pretty good, I guaranteed once you come here your whole prespective on what a good banh mi is will forever change. Lol. But seriously these are addicting! Guaranteed you will be hooked to this only place. I use to go a lot to this fairly new cool place that specializes in bahn mi I won't say the name but it's near by this place. I thought they were good until i came across this place!!... Needless to say this will be the the place I will come to satisfy my banh mi cravings. The lady here is super sweet, hard to understand (that's how you know the food is good lol)  but the sweetest lady you'll ever meet. The #1 and #6 are my favorite but I'm sure everything is great.
Walking into a tiny shop cooled minimally by multiple fans, a tiny deli case full of drinks/goodies, and 1 table with a few stools may not give you the best 1st impression. This ma and pa owned banh mi shop offers friendly and welcoming hospitality to anyone who ventures into there. They really deserve an applause for putting their hard work into creating quality sandwiches and rich Vietnamese iced coffee. Even, nearby restaurants seem to close earlier than I'm used to but this shop is opened past 8pm as long as the orders keep coming in, so there's no set closing time. So I'm glad they enjoy what they do - sacrificing their sleep to prepare for the next day. Their French bread is probably the best I've had anywhere - even better than the one made in Vietnam or Ba Le in Chicago. It's all home-made...literally because they use their home kitchen to bake the bread and bring it to the store. What sets it apart from other places is it: 1) forms a bubbly, crisp crust when re-toasted, 2) doesn't murder the inside of my mouth or stab my gums, 3) is dough-less and hollow inside so less carbs! yay!, 4) doesn't turn moldy if I leave it out for week, and 5) stays soft, not rock hard like Panera's. The pate spread and spicy, seasoning sauce creation is divine! I prefer it over the drizzle of soy sauce any day. Adding the pickled radish and carrots to the mix gives the tang and crunch to complete the sandwich. I also recommend trying their Vietnamese iced coffee if you like strong espresso. It is very thick with the perfect amount of bitters sweetened with condensed milk. Packs quite a caffeine punch as my limbs were flailing about after drinking the whole cup. It will put any coffee you've had to shame. Before we left for our road trip home, we bought 2 bags of bread, a lb. of pate, cha lua (steamed pork roll), and 3 sandwiches. They were very nice to individually bag up the pickled veggies and sauce to keep the bread from going soggy. Don't forget to grab the yellow business card with herself, I call her "Hat lady" because she always wears that nifty hat. That is for you to reach her to place an order and she is willing to ship within the US!
Ditto Seriously, wonderful food and even better service. This woman is a treasure and makes what could be a very uncomfortable situation (due to language and cultural differences) an absolute joy instead. We left smiling and uplifted. Best Banh Mi in Orlando = $3.00. Being around someone whose very essence makes you joyful = Priceless!
I don't have a huge selection of bánh mì experiences to pull from when I compare this place to others.  Specifically, I've had bánh mì at maybe two other places in Orlando, and maybe four or five places in the massive "Little Saigon" area of Westminster, CA. What I can tell you is that if this place isn't the best of the lot, then it certainly comes very, very close.  Without question, it's the best I've had so far in Orlando. It's a tiny little place tucked away inside of an old strip mall.  You can't see the entrance from Colonial, you have to park somewhere nearby and walk into the strip mall away from the street before you see it. There's one table in the place, and you can eat there if you move the photo albums (what ?) off to the side.  It's okay though, if you're there for the bánh mì the lady behind the counter wraps them up in such a way that they're easy to eat while walking around. Speaking of the little old lady behind the counter, she's hilarious!  When we walked in, we heard her say something (we don't know what), but we couldn't find her.  Then she popped up out of nowhere and grinned, pointing to the menu.  We told her what we wanted (ordering by number) and she came around to our side of the counter, talking joyfully in Vietnamese the whole time, put her glasses on, and read the menu to remember what the numbers meant. She motioned for us to have a seat at the table and started working on the sandwiches.  When she finished the first one (mine) she handed it to me and made me take a bite of it (by miming the motion of taking a bite of the sandwich) to prove that I liked it before finishing the second sandwich.  Upon finishing the second sandwich, she made my fiancée do the same.  We both promised her that they were great, gave her the $6 (prices have recently risen to $3 per sandwich, still an absolute steal), and we were on our way. On our way out, in very broken English, the lady said goodbye and "You come back again?"  To which I replied "Definitely!" The #4 sandwich that I had was named the Ham (something) sandwich, and then in parentheses it said (beef).  That was a little confusing, but I'm pretty sure that it was beef.  Either way, it was very good.  As is usually the case with bánh mì, I pulled out maybe 30-40% of the cilantro in the sandwich because it was a bit much for my taste.  Otherwise, it was delicious and had a slight heat about it that I found surprising (in a good way). The #7, the grilled chicken, was also delicious and had that same slight heat to it.  I got to eat most of this sandwich too because it turns out my fiancée, who is new to bánh mì, has decided that she is not a fan. More for me!
Last night my head exploded and I couldn't be happier. I've had banh mi before, but never as flavorful and addictive as this. As soon as I finished my second sandwich I was regretting not getting a third. Not because I was still hungry, quite the opposite. I was stuffed. But I was still left wanting for more. Such fresh ingredients, such perfectly grilled pork. Such delectable bread. All for the staggeringly low price of $3 per sandwich! As everyone else here has mentioned, the owners are truly characters and will have you smiling the entire time you are there. I plan to be smiling a lot, because this is one of my new 'go-to' place in Orlando.
The reviews are right. This little gem is really worth a visit. After finishing a korean meal of bibim naen myun, felt an urge for something extra. Restaurant was a bit hard to find ticked in a corner of a Vietnamese courtyard and the inside could not be more plain. The thought of leaving did cross my mind but the smiles on the owners' face was so welcoming. Ordered no. 6 and my first bite was a surprise. The bread at first looked too big but it was perfectly crisped and thin was bitten into. Grilled pork had plenty of fat and lean and the sauce was just right. I am not a Banh Mi expert but I've had my share over the years in NyC, DC, Vegas etc. This was hands down the best. Next texture for sure and as good in taste as in any other. If you are noticed into decor and ambience but pure wonderful food at an really inexpensive price. You can't beat this place.
I finally made it here after reading Mike S review on this place and I made the twist and turns past the chiropractor's office promising a new you in 2012, and past the newly renovated Lollicup stand and viola; you're there. The comment written about the place being  scary when you first walk in is absolutely true LOL!!! But then this sweet Vietnamese lady comes out and in two minutes you have what is probably the most delicious sandwich ever. The bread is nice and crusty, the inside of the sandwich has all kinds of tasty veggies like cucumber, daikon radish, carrots, and that sweet srashi sauce brings everything together nicely. I had the chicken but next time I'll try the beef. A nice hefty sandwich for 3 bucks, no tax. The lady running the place is really sweet and you cannot leave unless you take a bite if the sandwich; Delicious!!!!!
These are the kind of places I live for.  A somewhat hard to find, hole in the wall, where you can get the most amazing food for nearly pocket change. After Bale' Bakery closed I asked some other Yelpers for advice on some good Banh Mi. Pretty much everyone I asked told me about this place. I've had the #1 House Special and the #7 Grilled Chicken, both delicious, amazing, Banh Mi goodness.  And apparently according to James D I need to try the meatball because it will make my face melt off and...well...just read his review.  It's effing hilarious. Every time I leave the little Vietnamese lady behind the counter always says "see you tomorrow!"  Chances are, she probably will.
I wish I knew about this place earlier. Came to the shop from all the Yelp reviews & the little Viet lady there did not disappoint. I was lucky I could speak a little Vietnamese so that I could order -- otherwise, she does not speak a lick of English. We ordered two banh mi nem nuong (Grilled Pork #5) for lunch and they were AMAZING. The sandwich was nicely portioned, meat was sweet and savory, pickled carrots & daikon crisp and fresh, and the mayo & spicy chili oil on the bread topped off the sandwich perfectly. She waved us goodbye and asked me to come back soon. And we did. 5 hours later, for two more sandwiches to take back to Gainesville. She packed our sandwiches for the road and instructed me exactly how to reheat them. This time, we ordered Banh Mi Xiu Mai (meatballs) and Banh Mi Dac Biet (cold cuts). They were just as delectable as when we bought it fresh from the store. Would DEFINITELY recommend this to any friends, family, or other yelpers. & yes, she did tell us, "See you tomorrow!" with a smile as we left.
Thumbs down. Dislike. Why? 1 - The bread is a hoagie, not French baguette. 2 - Dac Biet had NO pate! Plus headcheese had too much cartilage. 3 - Too much daikon, not enough carrots. 4 - Mayo spread instead of butter. 5 - Spicy chili oil + Thai chilis = overpowering Go to Boston Bakery down the street. WAYYY better banh mi.
I went here due to all of the great reviews on yelp and ordered banh mi dac biet. It was a good sandwich but did not taste like a traditional banh mi. The meat sort of tasted like bacon flavored and the overall sandwich was a little sweet. FYI this is a small deli that accepts cash only.
Delicious banh mi sandwiches rule the world but what else can make a sandwich shop excellent? ....The sandwich makers that make you want to stop on the side of Colonial everyday just to say hello. The workers here leave an impression with their big smiles and friendly matters. The service is worth coming back to just like their fresh delicious sandwiches. The bread is sooo soooo very fresh, and the ingredients are tasty. Carrots, cucumbers, jalapinos, along with the meats give this banh mi different elements of flavors that are well appreciated. All for $3...now that's a deal worth purchasing sandwiches for.
This place is an experience. Went here with some work friends after reading reviews on here and it does not disappoint. The best way I can describe it as as follows. You find your way to closet sized store in the middle of a Vietnamese strip center. Inside this closet is a plastic table (usually with a Vietnamese magazine or calender on it) and two metal fold-up chairs. A lone woman stands in the back behind a suspect meat case and stacks of bread. The menu is numbered, but that is where the helpfulness ends. Simply pick and number and go with it, I imagine there is not much difference between the various meats anyway. She then proceeds to make your sandwich--a process that takes at least 3 minutes. She then hands you the sandwich and watches you eat it. If you want a drink, simply go behind the other counter, and pick one out. Sandwiches are $3 each, drinks $1. The food is good despite the questionable meat product that is used. Bread and veg are fresh. In sum, I would (and do) recommend this to almost everyone that works in downtown Orlando. Sandwiches are great, language barrier often leads to awkward moments, but owner is genuinely concerned that you enjoy your meal. I would go there much more often if it was in a more accessible location.
Coming from California, I find this place quite unique, with slightly different bread and ingredients. However, it tasted pretty darn good. The lady is very nice. I struck up a conversation with her and found out that she originally first settled down in San Jose California! She said it was too cold at night. lol seriously? Orlando is an oven! I guess it's perfect for her here. Oh yeah about the Banh mi... We saved it for our flight 5 hours later and discovered it still tasted pretty good. Im sure it would've tasted better hot. It's not another clone of the Banh mi you find everywhere in Cali. I will definite return when I return to Orlando... In 5 years. In the meantime, here's a review for he rest of the Cali visitors craving for Banh mi in Orlando. The entire colonial Vietnamese joints are actually pretty decent. Not bad Orlando! You guys have way better food than Miami and ft lauderdale. Ps use a navi, then park and search for it on foot. It's impossible to find on the road.
I read the reviews and was very intrigued to try this place.  The establishment and location were a small adventure into another world(which I like).  I thorough enjoyed getting a great sandwich that was full of flavor for the price of a Big Mac from McDonalds!   I highly recommend trying it out if you like a good vietnamese sandwich and don't need the frills of decorations and such in an eatery.  This place is about the flavor and not the decor. Which is quite fine with me on most occasions.  I think I will upgrade my rating to 5 stars after having a few more sandwiches and finding my favorite one!  The #4(beef) was not my favorite. I sampled my wife's #6(grilled pork) and liked that one a lot more.   Also, I recommend buying a bag of the French bread hoagies.  The bag of bread was $6 and seems to be about 12 hoagies.  Good bread that isn't the usual sort from Publix is something I like a lot. "See you tomorrow!"- (insert Vietnamese accent)
Holy cow, these sandwiches are freakin awesome! The place itself is really hole-in-the-wall and it's really nothing to look at. But the owner lady is super sweet and friendly to everyone that walks in through the door. The subs are honestly the best that I've ever had, and especially for that price too. The french bagette were fluffy and full- the owner was telling me that she bakes the bread herself at home and brings them all into the shop in the morning. You can definitely tell that she has a passion at what she does, and she was super excited that it was my first time being there and happy that I was finally able to try her subs. I can't wait to go here again! Buy 5 get 1 free...and I will eat all 6 of them myself too!! MMmmmMM!
Bahn Mi seems to vary quite a bit over here, this place is no exception it seems. Seeking out the "best" has been my goal every time I visit the area, and the reviews seem to currently reflect that. Although really good, I think the bread is a little too different to call it the best. It should be crispy and light, not chewy. The rest of the sandwich was very tasty, so I would rate the whole thing 4 stars. I give an extra star for the owners, they were nice and friendly despite the obvious language barrier.
WHAT!? You have NEVER had a Vietnamese sandwich before!?  You must go, now! :)   I used to be able to eat bread, dairy, and meat.  My coworkers and I would trudge down market street in San Francisco to the local sandwich shop and shell out pocket change for delicious, life-altering sandwiches.  Those days for me are over- however my husband is still able to partake.  He and I stopped by Banh Mi Nha Trang one day when another restaurant we both like in the area was closed.  He ordered 2 sandwiches for a total of $6 and thought they were amazing!  The bread they use is fresh, the veggies are also fresh and plentiful.  The meat is also apparently stacked sky-high.  If I were still able to eat sandwiches like this, it would be 2 meals for me- $1.50 per meal and deliciousness = incredible deal.  We highly recommend this place!
This place is really hard to find. I never did locate it on my first attempt. It is a real no nonsense place, Just a variety of banh mi sandwiches, though they may be selling some fruit on the side. There is not very much English in use, so you may wind up using sign language or gestures to communicate. But they do one thing extremely well, they make the best version of this sandwich in town.
Okay people, I never review any restaurants, but I found time to get on here and write this review for many reasons. First of all, the owner was the kindest lady ever, you can tell she has a passion for what she does. She has taken the authenticity of the french influenced Vietnamese sub and she has replicated it. It's as if  she teleported the banh mi from Nha Trang, Vietnam (hence the name). She makes banh mi like its what she was born to do. Not only does she prepare it for you, she will treat you like her own grandchild. I wish she was my grandma!! Apart from the wonderful service, the actual banh mi exceeds my expectations. This was banh mi on a whole other level. First off, the "mini french bread" is homemade, and its baked to perfection, tiny surface bubbles that create a crunch with a soft fluffy center, that's the way its supposed to be people! It's a perfect home for the meat that she prepares from scratch as well as her special chili sauce. To top it off she uses fresh herbs from her garden. With that said, I have taken it to go and it still taste more fresh then competitive banh mi restaurants in the area. Can you believe something so good is so affordable! 3 dollars! Amazing. Don't forget, buy 5 get 1 free.
Wow, we ordered 15 sandwiches and when we got home, sadly to say when we opened them up to put the dua chua inside, we saw each of them got only 3 thinly sliced pieces of ham, red pork and chua lua (one of each).  Very disappointed!!!  I had bought from them numerous of times and unfortunately, the quality of her sandwiches have gotten worst.  I am not from Orlando and later found out from friends that she had cut back (meat) on her sandwiches.  The place is not as busy as when first opened it.  The local Vietnamese also say that her place is not as clean. Anyways, most of the positive reviews is coming from her children's  friends who helped them write it.   My wife said her sandwiches are so light ('cause there aren't hardly any meat) it could of flown away if a light wind blown by. We had found Boston Sandwich from our friends 's recommendation which is down the road and will def. buy from them now.  Their subs are more better in quality.  It's a bit more (I think $3.50/ea) but it sure beat subways!
Good bahn mi sandwiches with a lot of meat. Owners were nice and very polite. Would definitely come back here for Bahn mis to bring to the theme parks. At $9 for 3 large bahn mi is well worth it and better than a $10 hamburger at the parks!
Oh my.  Thank you, Yelp-- Ban Mi Nha Trang is a magical, magical place. My sandwhich (#1 House Special) was $3 and I basically inhaled it.  My fiance went back for seconds.  Seriously, ridiculously cheap and so tasty it's criminal. It's a hole in the wall (literally, I've had closets bigger than this place) and it was kind of hard to find-- it's in a strip mall that I've driven past a billion times and the unit # isn't marked correctly on the sign out front.  I parked off of Mills in one of the lots across the street behind the Photo place.  There's ONE table for 4 inside.  You're probably best off grabbing it to go or grabbing a bench outside to eat.  We got lucky and hung out inside. The owner/cook-- she's super friendly!  I wish I spoke vietnamese. What we did manage to understand was that I guess their bread is locally made (if she dosen't make it herself)... and it shows. Seriously.  Check this place out.  Your mind will be blown and you will have lunch for under $5. "See you tomorrow!"
I had the fish patty sandwich. It was tasty, but the lack of hot peppers made it somewhat lacking. Also, at around 6in, each sandwich was rather small for a banh mi, which are usually around 8in in length. Overall, I would eat here again, but I'll probably supplement my next sandwich with some ot hiem peppers from one of the nearby grocery stores.
Visited Saturday night, it was not crowded, definitely a little tricky to find and a very small location, but once you're in there you know the owners are proud of what they make and want you to enjoy your meal. I had a #1 and my boyfriend had a #5. We both loved the sauces in the sandwiches, the veggies are very fresh and the carrots and daikon are just the way I like it, super crunchy and well vinegared. The best part was the bread, it was perfect, wonderfully crispy and soft at the same time! The #1 had a good range of meats but I'm a fairly traditional girl and love the traditional head cheese and pate banh mi so I'll definitely go back for that one next time. I can't wait to bring my whole family and buy 5 and get 1 free.
We tried this place because the rating was good. But seriously it's not the best place for BanhMi in the US like someone had said (Ba Le Sandwich in Chicago IL is still the best place IMO by far although they're more expensive). The place itself  was small and didn't look very inviting to seat in. The owners were very friendly and since we were from out of town, they gave us discount ($3 instead of $3.5 per sandwich) and nicely asked us to post some nice review for their store. Well, since we didn't eat the sandwiches until the next day and didn't have anyway to warm them up, we had them cold. And to be honest they were pretty good for that condition. So the break down was: 3 stars for the sandwich (price and quality) + 1 star for the owner.
In search of a good Banh Mi... I saw the high ratings on yelp so I thought I would check it out. What makes this Banh Mi standout and quite possibly one of the best I've ever chowed down on? The bread, perfectly crispy-crusty, the bread is so light and airy as well.  The filling is spectacular.  The filling is your typical things, choice of meat, pickled carrots and daikon, onions, cilantro, but they also add another type flat green leaf herb that I have yet to identify.  What makes the sandwich over the top is that they add this 'sauce' which I don't know what it is not overpowering but makes the sandwich that much better. As I left eating my sandwich in hand, I completely regretted being on a healthy diet cause I would have gone back without hesitation to get their buy 5 and get 1 free deal.  At only 3 dollars a sandwich, you really can't beat this deal.  Trust me when I say this is light years beyond any subway or publix sandwich, so do yourself a favor and just try one.   The owner made me a deal, "you don't like it, you don't have to pay."   Conclusion... I quickly and happily forked over my 3 dollars.   Beyond this, it is a mom and pop operation where the owner is so very nice, so I would give an extra star for the customer service.
First, you have to find it. (#9, around corner on right side of the small mall)  Second, you have to order and, if you don't speak Vietnamese, this involves smiling and pointing. DO IT.  Seriously. The couple who run this place couldn't be nicer and their sandwiches are clearly made with complete attention to detail. The bread is incredibly fresh and toasted just before serving so it's crunchy on the outside but light and fluffy on the inside. I had the house special which one regular (who had driven from Tampa just to eat here) suggested. AHHHMAZING. And I, too, could care less about banh mi although I have had what I thought were good ones in Los Angeles. Tip: they should be eaten right away for the best experience. They also has a really impressive array of Vietnamese juices and drinks in cans along with the usual sodas. (I saw mango, pomegranate, tamarind something, coconut water and many other things I didn't recognize)  Cost of sandwich + soda? $3.50.
Absolutely delicious Banh Mi! I refuse to believe there's a better Banh Mi in Orlando. I Like Yum-mi a whole lot as well, but for the flavor packed into these $3 subs, you just can't beat it. My boss told me about this place, also told me I would get lost looking for it (I did). I picked up 5 subs for my staff.. for $15 dollars. And was blown away by how fresh it tasted. The bread was delicious! I've tried the #1, #5 #4 so far, all three delicious. The staff is out of this world friendly. Seriously, it's worth stopping in to try just for the smile you'll get... Especially after sitting in traffic on 50.
Best Banh Mi sandwich ever!!  Hands down.  We eat there three days in a row in our stay in Orlando!
4 stars because its a Cash Only business! Its the sweet lady I am assuming the owner as well who makes these delicious vietnamese subs! The one thing that turned me off was she was using one of those meat styrofoam trays to prepare the veggies to place in the subs. Im big on sanitary issues and I bet the tray was clean because it looked clean but some are observants when it comes to people preparing their food. I am one of those % .. 2 sandwiches are about $6. She do not charge tax I think. She also makes fresh vietnamese coffee that you can buy for about $3. The coffee itself is already prepared in cups all she does is add milk and possibly ice? The place is very small with 4 chairs inside & its not as tidy as I wanted it to see. Menu board is a piece of paper inserted in a clear frame stand. If the owners organized the shop & add more cafe feel this place can get packed because the sandwiches ARE delicious!
Just moved back to FL from CA where there are lots of good Bahn Mi sandwiches, and I'm happy and surprised to say this is the BEST I've ever had.  All the flavors, temperatures, and colors are in perfect combination.  The straight roast pork is perfect.
Extremely cheap and ridiculously good. This place is the definition of a hole in the wall. I would go there on lunch break everyday and get the pork with extra meat. I can't pronounce this places name or the sandwich they serve but idc bc this place is DA BOMB. The lady who puts together the food is adorable too "see you tomorrow!"
Have you ever wondered what is the in the little courtyard on the south side of Hwy 50, between Mills and Shine Ave.? Wonder no more. Swing in and drive along Hillcrest St, look for the Golden Harvest Vietnamese Restaurant sign and pull into that parking lot. Caution: this is a one way in and out parking lot. Do not drive in full speed, another car could be backing out. Walk towards the building, pass a row of upturn chairs and tables take the alleyway and approach the courtyard. There are many small Vietnamese businesses through almost every door. To the left is Banh Mi Nha Trang Subs. The space is modestly decorated with a glass cooler on the right, serving counter next, and assembly/kitchen towards the back. A tall freezer stands on the left. There is seating and a table for about 6 people. That's it. Well, no not really. The magic in this place lies in the authenticity of it's sandwiches. How do I know it is the real deal? Did you think I would visit a hole in the wall Vietnamese place without my trusted sources? Think again. My source's father was the Police Chief of Nha Trang Beach before the war. I would trust anyone who lived in the region to recognize the local flavor. Apart for it's nod to a specific region, there is the adorable owner. I've wondered into many restaurants where the official language is not English, some welcoming, others not so much. Here is like the folds of a warm homecoming no matter who walks in the door. The order taker, spoke fluent English and was more than diligent in answering my wandering mind. While I was grilling the order taker, the delightful owner kept my taste buds occupy by handing over little treats. I am not saying that there is a tasting for everyone, everytime someone walks in, but you never know what can happen when you strike up a conversation. The common language being food. Bread - This bread is made fresh daily on location. Notice the different shape of this bread compared to other local Banh Mi stores. The ends are rather rounded which gives more space to stuff the sandwich. The crust is crisp with a soft slightly chewy core. I am told that the recipe caters to refrigerating and reheating the sandwich to the same freshness and texture as if it was first served. I am yet to test this since I ate all the sandwiches. BBQ Pork - ALL of their sandwich fillings are made in house. This BBQ Pork is marinated with tofu. The flavor is mild and sweet with a noted absence of soy sauce. One of the founding principles of this restaurant was avoiding the use of soy sauce. The owners felt that soy sauce pronounced Chinese flavors. While in Central Vietnam the use of chilies and fish sauce is used as flavoring ingredients. As in most places of tropical climate, heat from chilies along with other seasonings is a staple in their recipes. Their pork liver pate, one of the staple ingredients in a Banh Mi, is also made in house. Bánh Mì Cha Cá Chiên Fried Fish Patty Sandwich - Fish is cooked, seasoned and made into a cake, then sliced and served. The accompanying chili sauce in this sandwich gives that extra burst that ignites the vegetables and herbs. Bánh Mì Gà Nuong Grilled Chicken Sandwich - Season grilled chicken was of good texture and flavor. A great try for the less adventurous. Bánh Mì Dac Biet House Special Sandwich - This Banh Mi had hints of smoked fish, meats, herbs and chilies. The many textures and flavors melted in a harmonious melody that one would experience on a beach. The gentle sway of a hammock with sea breeze, slight whiffs of sea air and tropical vegetation is captured in this Banh Mi. Bánh Mì Nem Chua Sour Ham Sandwich - Yes, the ham is cured in house. This was a top notch combination. The ham was ever so sour but not overtly scalding. On my next visit, I may order a chunk of ham. Remember the tall freezer on the left in the dining room? That is where they store all prepared meats for resale. Yep, everything that is in the sandwich can be purchased frozen and taken home; you can then boast your international culinary talents. It is very encouraging that this restaurant has stood by their sense of pride and authenticity in bringing their cultural cuisine to Orlando. Here is a great example where location may actually work with our pocket. A less than popular location transfers to lower overhead which the owners pass on to you in the form of lower prices. However, lower prices still maintains a very high food quality. I urge you to take the plunge and venture out to find this place, you might end up on a beach in a hammock.
They have a long list of banh mi and I think it's the best I had so far beside lee's in LA. The owner say she s willing to open late for her customer past closing time. The store is owned by a old couple and they are nice. Their banh mi is only 2.50 compared to 3.00 at other Vietnamese restaurants. Though their bread gave off a smell of rubber...idk did its because of the rubber band or what but lol idk...but it's still pretty good.
This is the best Banh Mi in Orlando. It is not only delicious, but the ambiance the owners created there makes you want to come back.
This place is amazing. Huge selection, nice people, and cheap. Definitely my go-to Banh Mi place in Orlando!
You need to go here.This is a sandwich made with local ingredients, all inside of bread baked that morning by the owner. Being Vietnamese, I've eaten a lot of banh mi in my lifetime, including banh mi from local vendors in Vietnam. I can honestly say these sandwiches are just as good and dare I say even better than the real deal! The owner is incredibly proud of her product  and it really shows through the care she puts into assembling each sandwich. The interior is nothing special at all but the real star here should be the food. This is a great place to grab a few sandwiches to enjoy at the park, on the go, wherever. Start with the #1 Banh Mi Dac Biet and then explore other choices. For $3 each and then one free if you buy five, you really can't go wrong. Support Orlando's local businesses and buy from Banh Mi Nha Trang!
Delicious bread with equally tasty meats inside..what more can you ask for...Mocha Cafe Sua Da...yes they have that too...and it is that good..
My favorite Vietnamese food is Pho, but my 2nd favorite is Banh Mi. I finally was in the area to try this place. It is a little difficult to find. If you see the oldest run down shopping plaza in Little Vietnam, then you found the restaurant. The windows and doors are barred up, with a bucket catching the water from the air conditioner mounted above the door. I went in and the first thing I observed was how small the place was with only one table. But I was quickly distracted from that thought when I smelled how unbelievably delicious it was inside. I instantly became hungry. I was only going to have one sandwich, but my hunger was growing as I looked over the menu. So I ordered two different sandwiches. If there is one complaint I have about Banh Mi, is that usually the bread is cooked where it is too crunchy for my liking. But the lady cooked my sandwiches to perfection. Not too soft and not too crunchy. After I was told by the energetic and confident lady that she will see me again tomorrow, I took my sandwiches to my car. I couldn't wait to get home. So I ate one in my car. It was definitely one of the best Banh Mi that I have eaten. If I lived closer, I probably would have returned the next day. If you are adventurous and like Banh Mi, then this is one place you need to go.
Oh my gosh. This place is a hidden gem. We found this place after checking the other yelp reviews here, and really, it is good. The Vietnamese lady who works in the restaurant is very bubbly and cheerful (in spite the fact that she doesn't speak English much - you gotta admire her courage!) The menu is very simple, only about 10 different kinds of subs, but they are amazingly fresh and flavorful. You really can't beat the perfect combination of spices, crunchy bread, and perfect portion. We got 2 subs and 2 drinks and it's only $8 total! We left Banh Mi Nha Trang with full stomachs and smile on our faces. Before we left, she asked me to "hit her online," so I did! We don't live in Orlando, but when we do we will definitely "see her again."
Nearly all of the ingredients are homemade from scratch!  Very nice people.  The subs here are unique and delicious. My mom always brings me here when I drive her to Viet town. The owners go above and beyond to make their subs better than your typical Viet subs. They also have the most affordable subs in town! No frills or fancy decor just delicious food made by people who love what they do.   P.S. Tips to find it: Park in the back on Hillcrest St. (there's are parking lots near a shop called Avalon) or park where the Saigon market is and walk up to the front where Colonial is. The sub shop is in a V shaped nook consisting of a jewelry store and is next to a vegetarian restaurant run by monks from a local temple.
it's a really tiny place in a strip mall with a wonderful couple running it. we got the buy 5 get 1 free deal and had them to go. the owner asked us if we wanted to eat one immediate and toasted the grill pork one for us. it was wonderful with different textures and flavors all at onces. all the other sanwiches were wonderful too. i wish we have them here!
As I walked through the door to this absolutely tiny eatery, I was greeted with a question - "you want to eat?"  It took me a few seconds to actually find where the voice came from and sure enough, a smiling  Vietnamese lady stood staring at me from behind her rather high walled counter.  I told her I wanted some banh mi and ordered away.  It takes a little while for her to make them, but they are completely worth the wait.  Every element in the sandwiches was spot on and right now I'd really just like to go back and get some more.  I thought this place might have been overrated, but I was dead wrong!  (this month's special is bean curd chicken, which the proprietress bullied (in the friendliest way possible) me into ordering...I was never so thankful to be bullied lol!)
they specialize in banh mi nha trang, a banh mi from the central region of vietnam with a special garlic fish sauce and peppery goodness they have over 10 types of banh mi and other deli meats, check them outtt the banh mi dac biet (special deli meat combo ) is $3.50 and you can also get buy 5 get 1 free
I LOVE banh mis and I was very excited to try these, but unfortunately they were just pretty bland.  I've had much better elsewhere.  The bread was good but the meat didn't have much flavor, and there was no sauce on it.
Yummy! This is the ultimate dream for a business owner. This little shop is tucked away in the plaza and the owner is an affable lady who likes to chat every time I visit. This was a store I used in my own version of Battle of the Banh Mi. This the winner by a landslide. Their house special banh mi is a light, crispier bread and they use a sweet fish sauce. So delicious. My only regret is that I don't think this is accessible to non-speakers :(
Best quick sandwich shop of its kind in Orlando. Try any of the specialty sandwiches or salad/noodle bowls, you won't be disappointed! This is a regular stop for me at least once a week.
I have had banh mi literally from all over the country - from Boston to San Jose, to Houston, to Minneapolis, to LA and this place tops them all.  I found it through Yelp on one of my recent business trips to Orlando, and have returned again and again whenever I'm in town.   All the ingredients are made from scratch, including the bread.  Yen, the owner told me that this is her family's recipe that she brought with her from Vietnam.  I have not had bread this good for this type of sandwich anywhere.    The "butter" spread that she uses are also made from scratch, as well as the special sauce that she uses on some of the sandwiches.  It is absolutely deep, rich and flavorful. This is a hole-in-the wall place but worth coming back again and again.  There is only one table and four chairs in the restaurant so plan to do take-out if you have more than two in your party.  So, if you are looking for good food and do not care about the ambience you will not be disappointed with this place.
This lady is the banh mi queen of Orlando. "See you tomorrow!" She said this multiple times after I told her I didn't live in Orlando. Make sure to take as many business cards as you can so you can constantly be reminded how "very good!" this place is. Her energy is unparalleled.
This is a little hole in the wall place run by a Vietnamese lady with very limited English. Good news for adventurous Yelpers, she now has a menu printed in English and you can order a #1, #2, etc. I highly recommend the #1 banh mi dac biet, although we also had the banh mi tit nuong (roast pork).  If you are adventurous in what you eat, definitely try the #1. If you are willing to try it but don't want to know what is inside, like my wife did, skip to the next paragraph. Basically the #1 is the house specialty combo sandwich, and no, for the purists, there is no pate. But for the taste of this with her special fish sauce, I can forgive that. From what I can discern, it has head cheese, Vietnamese bologna (chalua) and probably some pig ear cartilage. As a Vietnamese person growing up on foods I am comfortable with textures the basic western diet is not real familiar with. That said, don't think about what is in it, just eat it! YUM! It's a bit hard to find, look for the wooden painted sign with the street number and go all the way to the back of the tiny little plaza. Warning: cash only and there is only one little table to eat as she does mostly take out orders. Buy 4, get one free. For about $11, we got 3 subs and 2 bottled waters. And we probably could have done without the third sandwich but I was pretty hungry when I ordered. Normally I would have deducted a star, despite the great food for the limited English spoken and lack of table seating but this place is so awesome and she really does it right. Every sub goes through the toaster oven so that your bread is nice and crispy, then she puts on the cold vegetables. The English menu will help you through most of the ordering and she really tries to communicate. This was a find and I will definitely go back when I am in Orlando again.
Best sandwich in Orlando
Finally made it here! The lady behind the counter spoke very little english, but made me feel the most welcome I've ever felt.  I tried the grilled pork sandwich and it was great.  Sweet, crunchy and affordable! Look forward to coming back for more!
Best Banh Mi ever!!! OMG what is there not to like about this small cozy place. The owners of this place are AMAZING FRIENDLY. If you want to try the real taste of Vietnamese Banh mi, this is the right choice for you. Good food, nice people, and especially very clean and healthy.
Do not go there, its a waste of time and money. The sandwich that is advertised to be the best in town should be the worst!!!!! Big disappointment!!!!!!
Best Vietnamese in town. The bread is amazing and the staff is very helpful. It's so cheap you'll think you're using food stamps. Get number one, number six, and the meatball.
Today was my 4th time visiting! I was craving a Vietnamese sub and Banh Mi Nha Trang was first to come to mind. My sub was #6 - Grilled Pork Sandwich. There was a great amount of pork, veggies, and a special honey spice sauce in EVERY bite. It was simply perfect! I also ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee after reading other reviews. The coffee was unlike anything I've ever tasted. It has such a strong, rich, chocolatey flavor. As described by the owner, it truly brings you back to the homeland.
Best Banh Mi in Orlando, and high on the list even in comparison to SoCa. To the bad reviwer (Gee) - understand it is a regional banh mi. Dac Biet is a special, and a special is what the owner puts in. It would be like going to Burger King and ordering a Whopper and complain that it does not taste like a Big Mac. I would love to have cilantro in the #1, but it is still hands down the best in town. THe bread is crunchy and tasty. Try it out
Great Bahn Mi sandwiches. Easily, the best in the area. The place is hard to find, and it's way too small (and hot!) to dine in, but the sandwiches are fresh and delicious! The owner is very friendly, but there is definitely a language barrier. I always order 6 sandwiches at a time (buy 5, get 1 free). If you order more than 1 or 2, you get a bag of veggies and sauce on the side so the bread won't get soggy. And she won't toast the bread--she tells you to put it in the oven for 3-5 minutes immediately prior to eating...so the bread is warm and tastes fresh baked. My family insists on going here evert time they visit...and they always make sure they have extra to take home. Overall, AMAZING sandwiches, but take them to-go!
I am not going to say this is the *best* in Orlando, but if it isn't its definitely a strong runner up... had a pork Banh Mi and it was quite great! the owner is quite funny too, very little English but enough to get the job done... would definitely stop by when in the area
Great food.
Really good. Taste really original. Reminds me of back home.
This review is based on also having been to Yum-Mi and Boston Bakery. By far, the best banh mi dac biet in town. Awesome sauce to compliment the banh mi love that little hot kick. Also, it's only $3. Can't wait to try the xa-xiu (bbq pork)
This place is great, i've heard stories about this place, never went until now and the bread was nice and crispy and soft in the inside. Best banh mi place in orlando. The owner is nice and funny too.
This place is amazing for the quality of their food but also for the variety of vietnamese sandwiches they have. It is a one woman show, with just one person doing everything but I felt that if I had a Vietnamese mother in this place I would feel she was cooking for me. Amazing food! Hole in the wall but so cheap that it is a hidden gem.
Best banh mi I have ever had!!
Absolutely what I was craving. I got a number 1 combination (which didn't make it to the car) and a number 6 grilled pork banh mi for dinner. The couple was very nice and gracious.
I have never had any Vietnamese hoagies that taste this amazing. According to the owners everything is homemade, and I did believe them because it doesn't taste like any other places that I have tried before. The hoagies are very crispy but still remain their softness. Especially, the sandwich itself (without the meat) can keep longer compare to the regular one due to the owner traditional special recipes. My boyfriend loves this place so much. We have only been in Orlando for 4 days, but we came here 2 days already. The owners are super friendly, especially they are extremely funny. Although this place doesn't look much fancy, but it has it's family friendliness environment. If I have a chance to visit Orlando once again, I will definitely come back to this place. Here are some food and beverages that I ordered (the following numbering is according to the menu): 1. House Special Sandwich 2. Cold Cut Ham Sandwich 4. Gilles Minced Beef with Sweet Glazed Sandwich 8. Fried Fish Patty  Sandwich 11. Head Cheese Sandwich 17. Chicken Liver Pate Sandwich
Best banh mi in town! We usually get the sub with everything in it (think it's the #1), but the grilled chicken and the rest of them are amazing too. Subs are cheap, and they're buy 5 get 1 free. You can ask to take the ones you can't finish home and stick them in the oven for reheating later. Ask for extra chili peppers if you like spicy! She grows most, if not all of the veggies herself! The lady is super nice, and loves to talk to you. It's a shame we don't speak Vietnamese so most of the time we're just nodding our heads and not really understanding. Unfortunately she doesn't accept credit or debit cards, so you have to come with cash or run across Colonial to get cash from the CVS.
At first glance, the shop may not be much because it was tiny, has only one table, and fan cooled.  Despite all that, the shop was every friendly.  You will be welcome with great hospitality!  The Banh Mi is, by far, one of the best I've tasted.  The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Stuffing in the Banh Mi is well marinated and plentiful, unlike other shops.  I believe that shop takes cash only.  Overall, I would recommend to anyone who would like to sample a taste of Vietnamese cuisine.
DELish!!! Everything was fresh and delicious!!!! Found them here on help cuz I had a craving for a Viet sandwich....# 1, 4 and most definitely # 14!!!!! Owner was soo cute and sweet and her and her hubby made us feel like we were regulars... WE are definitely coming back:))))
small store, and it looks kindda beat up, the owner is the only one who works there, and she loves to make small talks, I guess it's quite lonely being at work all by herself so it's understandable. We ordered two specials, decent banh mi, much better than boston sandwich.
Great baguette sandwich (Banh Mi) and cheap $3, small place 1 large table, accepts only cash.   The first sandwich on the top of the menu is what I always get and it's fantastic!  I don't remember the name of the sandwich, it has veggies + marinated very tasty pork.  Can ask her to add spiciness or get Siracha on the side.  Shop is somewhat hard to find, it's tucked in the corner of the plaza, park in front off-street or in the back parking lot behind the plaza.
Cash only! I had them pack the veggies separate because I wasn't going to eat it right away and they did a great job. I ordered the grilled pork sandwich and the meat was super juicy and tender. The lady even gave me instructions on how to heat the sandwich and how to put the sauce on there. I am from California and this is definitely better than some of the places I've been to. Would definitely come back when I am in the area
Great subs here. There is not much I can say that has not already been said. The first time we went was interesting. It was not busy since it was an odd time of day, so the owner started showing us these picture books of all of his sons' weddings. Then, as our subs would come out, he would stand right by eagerly looking at us as we took our first bite. Then he would ask "it good?" to each of us afterwards. Of course, we said yes (we weren't lying). A bit unusual, but charming nonetheless. I will definitely return here next time I am craving some cheap bahn mi.
Amazing food for a good price ($3 a sandwich) the lady runs it with her husband and makes everything fresh. Her sandwiches are by far the best I've tasted even better than Lee's Sandwiches. Make sure you grab a few extra for the road!
Hands down, the best Vietnamese Sandwiches in the ENTIRE world! Must try the #1,5,8 ... heck, try the whole menu like we did!
The owner here is so cute! She's very nice and love to chit chat with you in Vietnamese.  The sandwiches here are amazing and very authentic. It is kind of on the greasy side, but hey! -- well worth it!
How good is this place? After finding this truly hole-in-the-wall last year on a trip to Orlando, we drove directly from the airport (180 degrees from our hotel) on our recent return where my wife and I immediately ate two and brought four bahn mi's back to the hotel (you get one free with purchase of five). The Crispy Roast Pork Belly (#19) and Shredded Roasted Chicken (#7) are incredibly good but all the other varieties we have tried have been great. These sandwiches tasted great two days later (especially with a light warm-up in a 350 degree oven) but when eaten fresh there at the shop, they were bahn mi nirvana, the ideal sandwich with the just-right balance of meat and veggies, the crisp on the outside but soft on the inside rolls, and the delicious light Vietnamese dressing. I would even say it was truly one of the most perfect meals I have ever had, period. We were only in town for five days but returned one more time for another six. Most people come to Orlando for the theme parks but for me this will be my primary destination.
So, we finally got around to trying this place after Ricky Ly of Tasty Chomps had recommended for awhile. Not much on ambiance, but very friendly. I suspect most people get it to go, so the room is basically like a waiting room with a central table, some chairs and a pile of various reading material. We got #1, and #3. Both $3 a sandwich--great price! As many reviewers have stated, there is not much meat on the sandwich. This is true. I'm not sure if it is the point, though. The other ingredients all complemented the meat, in measure, and the magical sauce they use ties everything together just perfectly. I have never had Bahn Mi before, so I can't compare to other versions, but I do think this sandwich is a delicious little jewel and at $3 I thoroughly enjoyed it. Will definitely be back. NOTE TO OTHERS: They will be closed while on Vacation to Vietnam Oct 9-31, so hurry up and go or you'll have to wait until November.
2 vegetarian subs for 5 bucks! The bread was perfect- chewy and crispy crunchy. Filling was great with just a hint of heat.
Had the #5 (to try something different).  Wife had the #1 to try the best of the best.  We then took out 2 #6's, a #8 and a #15.  Enough about the food for a bit. After getting our eat in ones, without telling the owner we were going to get others we tried to pay and she wouldn't allow us.  "Eat now, hot".  She didn't want us to waste the time to pay her for her food until after we enjoyed it nice and fresh!  After ordering more to go, especially the #8, she tried to tell us to eat it hot as well as it wouldn't keep well.  Also, she very carefully packed our others to go (#15 is meatballs in a sauce which would have made the rolls get soggy so she put it in a take home container separately, also all veggies for the sandwiches were packed in a plastic bag that she very carefully wrapped with an air bubble as to not had the veggies get smashed).  After paying and almost out the door she yelled something at us to come back in.  She gave us some bananas as well for free, let us head out, and almost in a singing voice followed us out the door with her trade mark "See you tomorrow" phrase. If you don't come out of this place with a brighter smile on your face there is something wrong with ya.  The owner (I'll upload a business card photo which has her smiling face on it) is worth the visit alone.  She is a jewel and should be an Orlando celebrity. As for the food, awesome Banh Mi's.  Everything is fresh and warm.  All the condiments seems homemade with love.  Every sandwich was put together by the single owner with delicate care. I might just have to make another trip down to eat some more.  Also, the Bubble Tea shop right around the corner makes for an easy desert. Oh, and we got all six subs for $15.  Major five stars from me.
Can't be beat. Met owners as they were so funny. Watched us eat and enjoyed the fact we were loving the sandwiches. The husband was very proud. Customer was saying these were the best sandwiches in Orlando. The owner added, "In the world!" LOL. A few people mentioned the place being scarey. The best part is that the sandwiches are only $3! And they are amazingly delicious.
This place has great fresh baguettes, crispy on the outside and fluffy and soft on the inside. There is a buy 5 get one free deal so bring your appetite (or a couple of friends). The sandwiches are made to order so expect to wait a few minutes. Tried a few different sandwiches and all were tasty. Since I like to eat spicy, I asked for a side of the hot sauce they put into the sandwiches (they only put little dabs). Its a spicy tamarind jam with a little heat behind it. Very unique, something I have never had with vietnamese sandwiches but I loved it! This place is definitely worth trying if you are a fan of banh mi. The vietnamese ice coffee was good too, dark and bold and dripped fresh to order.
The best in Orlando. Bread is amazing. Got 6.   Ate in the car. Had to go back to get another 6 because they were that good.
The best Vietnamese sandwich in Florida. I have tried many places in Florida and I found that this place has the best banh mi. I always go with #1. It is delicious and the bread is just awesome. This is the place I go whenever I crave for Vietnamese banh mi.
