meh. was excited to finally eat here and went with a party of about 12 for a birthday celebration. i guess our waiter joey decided right away that our boisterous party were not going to tip well (and that it didn't matter since he would add gratuity to our large group) and gave us consistently cold crappy service. maybe it is because we weren't into listening to the specials. which, he was pretty adamant about listing, given that there were about 5 regular menu items that for some reason they did not have. which, weird. everyone seemed to enjoy the things that they did get. no one was ohh-ing and ahh-ing over anything though. i just really could not get past the service. the atmosphere was ok, but again....nothing super special that made for a glowing experience. this place seems like a poor man's ravenous pig to me. probably will not be giving it another try.
Great staff and service! Delicious menu selections. Very happy.
We were in town for just a few hours and had to get a quick dinner.  I asked the parking attendant where he recommended and the Rusty Spoon was at the top of his list.  Good job Marcus This place is fantastic.  I'm a fussy little NY girl and this is some of the best food I've had.  We tried the salads, soup, charcuterie board (scotch eggs were amazing), the fries and what we think are the best onion rings ever. Service was great, drinks were superb especially the "train shot'! I've got to go back here
Local food, creatively prepared in familiar packages, and Kenny the bartender is a maestro.  Grown up s'mores makes a tasty yet light ending to the meal.  Highly recommend for a good times  downtown, great options for light or full lunch or dinner.
I enjoyed the experience. I love the menu is short and simple so you know there is a pretty good chance all the items are going to be good. This was definitely the case, i had the octopus appetizer and the pork americana, it was comfort food for my belly! It is right in the middle of downtown so if you are feeling fancy and want to have a girls night out, i recommend this place. The amazing service is worth mentioning as the food came out super fast just in time for our concert right after dinner. I don't have a recommendation yet, as my usual reviews do since i'm not a regular here, but i look forward to becoming one.
Trust me...just go! You will not be disappointed.
We loved the farm to table idea. The menu is always changing with only a few items which remained on the menu for good reason. Our waiter, was a nice gentleman who explained every detail of each meal. We ended up sharing the "Lake Meadow Salad" Tender Spinach, red cress & Escarole hearts with Lake Meadow Soft Cooked Egg & Sautéed Chicken Livers tossed with Warm Bacon Vinagrette. I was amazed, I actually really liked the chicken livers - as they were perfectly cooked, not chalky. For my entree, I had the "Dirty South" - Key West Pink Shrimp, Local Snapper & Littleneck Clams in a Rich Shrimp-Peanut Broth, Garlicky Greens & creamy grits. it was so......good!. I highly recommend this place! Next time we are in Orlando, we will stop on by for a visit!
Octopus and squid salad!!!
I came here with a friend one Sunday night, and the food was amazing. We both had these gourmet burgers with some fancy cheese (wish I could be more specific here) and also some string fries as well. The beer selection was plentiful and full of microbrews, and the bartender was very chill and attentive. I guess it helps that she was serving only 3 groups of people at the bar. The place is a bit on the pricey side, the burger was the cheapest thing on the menu and that rang you up $13. It seems like a nice place for a date, just bring your thick wallet.
If you find yourself in downtown Orlando please go to The Rusty Spoon.  The prices are very reasonable and the service is above average.  It seems the staff really want you to enjoy your dining experience.  The chef sent out a shot of some sort of vegetable smoothie to cleanse our palate.  The braised lamb sandwich had unique flavors and was very good.  The soups I tried were just OK, but all in all the food was great.  This place reminded me of some much more expensive restaurants in DC and Baltimore.
The food is great. I had the braised lamb and my girlfriend had the 55. And the desert looked awesome and tasted even better. Definitely a place to visit if you are downtown. Kenny was awesome as well.
The haystack was okay, but the burger and soup was bland. Staff was friendly, which is where the 3 stars is coming from. With so many other restaurants to choose from, I probably won't be going back.
I ordered the $15 burger and let's just say I would have rather ate a burger from McDonald's. The menu said sautéed onions, but they were actually mushy, soggy, burnt onions all over the burger. I had to scrape them off because the onion mush was just too strong. The burger was completely burnt around the outside so it was hard to even taste the burger. I don't believe the burger was even seasoned. The rusty aioli sauce tasted decent, but it was only on the bottom half of the bun so you couldn't even taste it with the burger. It just leaked out all over the plate. The mixed salad only comes with vinaigrette because they make all of their dressings in house. Therefore, they don't have ranch or any other variety. The appetizer with the baguette was so salty! I advise anyone with salt intolerance to stay away from this! One of their specials that night was pan seared fish over risotto. The fish was delicious with the sauce it was cooked in. However, the size of the fish was super small. It could fit in the palm of your hand. It tasted great, but if I am spending $28 on a meal, I expect to be full after. The menu is extremely limited. This isn't one of those restaurants you should just drop in on, I would definitely recommend researching the menu first. I also find it odd that they have pictures of animals hanging on the walls for decoration, especially when those are the animals you're about to eat for dinner. By trying too hard to be fancy, they skipped over the taste of the food! Our waitress was definitely helpful and patient with us. If you liked the food, but service was off, I would go back. However, good service does not make up for the low quality of food.
My group of 6 went here after not being able to get a reservation at the Ravenous Pig. Big let down. Menu was creative but the actual food lacked inspiration. Next time in town, I will bypass the Spoon and hit the Pig!!
Interesting and tasty food.  The Creative cocktails are very good.  My favorite is the lamb sandwich.
Had the fish and chips and they were the best I have had in Orlando with the exception of Epcot. Great selection of craft beers. I had an IPA and it went great with my dinner. Good place to take it slow, do NOT rush.
We just found this place on a business trip. What a find!! Good atmosphere. TV's in the bar area if you want to catch a game. Excellent drinks. Amazing food. The food was simply delicious and favorable. The desserts were decadent! The service was also top notch. Miguel was super nice and had great suggestions and could answer all of our questions. Cannot wait to visit Orlando again. I will definitely return.
My husband and I have dined here twice for lunch since I work right across the street. We have yet to be disappointed. It is a nicer option for lunch downtown so you will pay more than you would for your average lunch. We have tried the deviled eggs and the octopus appetizer. Very tasty. The deviled eggs have a nice crunchy piece of bacon on top . Who doesn't love bacon?  On our recent visit I ordered the fish and chips which came with a side slaw salad, chunky tartar sauce and homemade ketchup.The portions were huge. I only ate 1/2 and had leftovers for another meal! My husband went with the 55 burger. He enjoyed as evidenced by his empty plate. For dessert we had the blueberry crisp topped with vanilla ice cream. Delicious!!! The best way to end any meal there!  Service is always spot on and we are easily in and out of the place in an hour! I will definitely be back for another power lunch !
We ended up at this place by accident and so thankful we did.  The service was outstanding and the food was simply amazing.  Everything from the fries as an appetizer to the wreckfish and then the s'more desert...we left so full and so happy.
The Rusty Spoon is a good choice in downtown Orlando near the Amway Center.  The food is exceptionally fresh and extremely well prepared in a chic kind of trendy way.  We had our kids with us and though the wait staff is friendly and patient I would not recommend it for pre-teens.  It is a bit pricey so get ready for that but I would say the food and experience are well worth it on a night out in Orlando.
Quite possibly the best restaurant in all of Florida! Don't make your decision on a menu item before hearing the specials.... You'll get caught in a very difficult decision making process that will cause you to order 2 entrees. Great food, great wine selection and superb staff!
What a neat place! The food was awesome and the staff very friendly! Their fries were amazing (coming from someone who doesn't even like fries!). I'd definitely come back.
This was one of the best meals I have had while visiting Orlando!  A friend and I enjoyed a wide range of dishes that were simple and well executed.  They featured quality local and seasonal ingredients.  Some of the highlights this evening were the pork belly appetizer, charred octopus with chorizo, The Dirty South (seafood and grits). The Rusty Spoon also has a great cocktail program.  We sat at the bar all evening watching hundreds of intresting cocktails being constructed.  I enjoyed their gin based cocktails with Jack Rudy tonic syrup!!!!!! Check it out.  Its worth it!!
I've enjoyed this restaurant four different times.  Whether the bar or table, I've been impressed with the food each time.  Yep, I'll spend my money here.  I do wish the parking was a bit easier but once you figure it out it's worth the effort.
This gastropub on Church street offers some great food at impressively affordable prices. A well thought out menu lets you graze on starters or assemble a conventional dinner. We tried the grilled squid and octopus and the haystack fries as starters. The seafood was tender and succulent with just the right amount of char, and served over nicely dressed arugula with tasty pickled rinds. The fries were hay thick and tossed with herbs and cheese. Nicely crispy but not particularly hot (probably because they were too thin to stay warm), they were accompanied by house made ketchup, barbecue sauce and aioli. To finish up our light meal we shared the "55" burger, a generous serving of meat, charred on the outside and grilled to a perfectly requested medium rare. caramelized onions and melted gouda gave it plenty of flavor, and the bun was crusty enough to hold it together, even when split. Half the menu is wine and beer selections. Our 2005 Guigal Chateauneuf du Pape lived up to the stellar reputation of the vintage.
Ok, so gastropubs were very 2009 in LA (who the hell can keep up?) but they are still a good thing for good food, so I decided to check this place out. They serve up seasonal and organic food in a comfortable, hidden spot under some condos downtown. We had drinks (a so-so blend of vintage cocktails, but a good, brief wine list). Appetizers were shaky. I wasn't thrilled by their crackers and much preferred the dip they served up, and loved the blood sausage on their seasonal meat plate but said "eh" to the beef with horseradish and went straight for the house-made spicy pickle chips. The best thing on the table by far was my husband's perfectly-cooked burger. That cow was grass-fed for sure! I had a tasty lamb sandwich with some golden raisins that added just the right amount of sweetness. They also make a mean salad here--the greens have flavor and texture and it's dressed just right. I will definitely be back to see what they come up with during the summer.
First of all, Tuesdays are 1/2 off wine -- including bottles. Score. Almost everything I had was fantastic. The clear winners were the house made terrine/sausage on the butcher's board, the octopus salad, the squash sou,p,and the handcut noodles (especially with a fresh tomato sauce). However, two entrees on the table were over seasoned (possibly double finished with salt?). Also, the oysters were acceptable, but were JUST about to turn. :-( Definitely not super fresh. I'll be back -- great ambiance and spectacular service, plus it's a favorite of my friends. I look forward to having a five-star meal!
Nothing to brag about. Fish and chips ok, but lightly fried was not so light. Hubby's burger, requested medium rare, was so done it was tough. Drinks and service good. But not worth $95'
Great service and food. The food was fresh and the recipes creative. Loved the ambiance. Would definitely recommend.
Amazing menu, great food and cute atmosphere. Great for large groups.
Not worth it. It took over 2 1/2 hours to get our meal. The manager did not care!  Do not go here. The lamb cops were raw and the steak cold.  Stay away from this poorly managed dive.
This is a great bar with food -- or restaurant -- gastro pub?  Whatever you call it, it is comfortable, fun and dishes out the goods.  Casual, food-centric (they tout local fresh ingredients) yet without snobbery or pretension.  A bright spot in downtown Orlando, where other upscale choices felt corporate and formulaic to me.  The Rusty Spoon isn't exactly a Ma & Pa operation -- it's a big place and acts and feels like a professional restaurant -- but it feels like it's got some soul.  But most importantly, the food is delicious.
Hands down the best burger in town.  Great bartenders, and the drink selection will harken you to tune days of the speakeasy.
Started with watercress and tomato salad. I grow my own tomatoes so I am very particular - amazing! For the main dish I ordered the pork chop - incredible texture and flavor wonderfully paired with spinach, mashed potatoes and a light, savory gravy. Finished with seasonal blueberry crisp - to die for. Also tasted my dinner mates braised lamb sandwich, steak entree and adult s'mores. Everything was simply great! My new favorite Orlando restaurant. The best natural ingredients, a gifted chef, an incredible meal.
Really enjoyed their first plates, Lake Meadow Eggs and Rusty O-rings. We were in town for a conference and the concierge recommend this gastro pub. We were not disappointed. Our server, Alicia, was amazing. We will happily come back next time we are in town.
Let me first start off by saying, this place was amazing. We went for dinner tonight with my boyfriend's father to celebrate for his birthday. Our waiter was really helpful and knowledgable about the menu. We started off with some wine and beer which was half off for the hour. Great wine for $4 a glass, you can't really beat that. We started out with what they call the butcher's plate. They give you multiple choices of starting plates which change daily. We decided on a yummy toasted bread with pimento and a yummy spread (I can't remember exactly what it was off the top of my head). It was really light and great for three people to share. For my entree, I got the lamb brisket on toasted moroccan bread. It was extremely delicious and the sweet onion sauce they put on the bread was absolutely delicious. My boyfriend got a burger with bacon, gruyère cheese, and house pickles. I had a bite and it was also very good. My boyfriend's dad got the "dirty south." It was shrimp, clams, and snapper on a bed of greens and creamy grits, smothered in shrimp broth. Everything we had was extremely refined and really great, for a good price I might add! All in all, I really enjoyed everything about this modern and quaint restaurant. We will definitely be back as we had a really great experience.
Wonderful food plus the owner, William, and the bartender, Kenny, were awesome. They are the real deal. Just trust their recommendations and the night will be amazing. Thanks for the Spanish coffee. Try the homemade donuts. Grouper was great as well as everything else.
Excellent food, craft beer and service. Too I'm visiting Orlando because I would go back.
Came here during a cruise we had.  The food was really good!! Unfortunately,  But the service was not.  We were ignored several times by the waiter and our food took sooooo long to get to our table.  The owner/manager was kind enough to discount our dinner, but the damage had been done.  We hungry, tired and already irritated that other people who came in after us was already finished with their meal by the time our food came.
If you're wanting some high end fare in the downtown area and are willing to spend some extra money, then this is the place to check out!  The restaurant itself is a large space with high ceilings and beautifully set tables to bring in a modern, classy pub feel.  You can also sit at the bar where you will be treated to a craft cocktail, wine or beer.   Either way you will enjoy great service! The food is absolutely delicious and their menu is constantly rotating due to the locally sourced ingredients.  Each meal is carefully planned and plated and the chef has no problem sharing the ingredients or letting you bring home a sample of their famous "rusty aioli" (it never hurts to ask!).   On my last visit, I had the "Charred Local Squid & Octopus" which was bathed in delicious oil over a rocket salad and left our group digging for the last pieces.  We also shared the "haystack" which is a mountain sized side order of fries, accompanied by 3 homemade sauces- ketchup, BBQ and their rusty ailoi.  For my main course I ordered the "slow braised lamb" off the handheld menu and this is seriously one of the most delicious sandwiches I have ever had.  The sweet onion and golden raisin jam was bursting with flavor, especially when paired with globs of house made ricotta.  This was very filling and oily and I would recommend sharing it, or just don't go crazy on the apps before like I did!   You can also call ahead and pick up your dinner to-go, which is super convenient if you are in the downtown area!
Just had The Rusty Spoon for lunch and it was amazing. I had the Slow Braised Lamb sandwich with the house salad with fresh leafs and a glass of red wine. it was absolutely delicious! everything blended so well together. Service was great as well. Friendly and very polite. I sat at the bar. atmosphere was nice and clean. maybe a little more on the upscale side. I will be going back again.
If you have ever heard of "farm to table", this is the epitome of just that. Fresh ingredients, an ever evolving menue of new, creative and simply delicious dishes nightly. I have been here twice and both experiences have been great. Now, dont get confused by the descriptor of "American", bc this is not your normal joint...it has a little upscale flare to it, that is slightly reflected in the pricing...but its well worth it! First go round I have The "55" burger. Expertly cooked with a great aoili and served with a side of the haystack fries. My most recent trip took me further into the farm to table aspect and I had a roasted chicken leg dish that was served with grit fries. Both times the service was impeccable and the drink recommendations were on point. Overall, this place is great for casual dinner, groups or date nights. A must try at least once when roaming around downtown.
The food is delicious, the ingredients are vey fresh, but the menu descriptions are very misleading therefore the 2-star rating. Their daily special "crudite" was listed as beets with goat  cheese and greens what we received was not  crudite but a salad made up of 90% greens and the beets looked like the garish instead of the center-piece main ingredient. Ditto for their octapus "appetizer" which again, was not appetizer but a salad made up of  90% leafy greens with some bits of octapus scattered about. (see picture below, see if you spot the octapus) farm3.staticflickr.com/2… My GF is the one who doesn't like to send food back so I bit my tounge, but I'm definetely not reccomending  this place to anyone, either the "chef" is an idiot who doesn't know the difference between a crudite and a salad, or they're just flat out deceptive, either scenario means no reccomendation from me. If you go there please have them show you the actual plate you are about to order tomake sure it matches th menu description..
I would choose five stars if their menu was more appealing. I am not into trying most I their items and most of the people I done with tend to stick to the more usual dishes like the burger or the fish and chips. I however get their crudités which typically include buffalo mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes of some kind of cheese paired with fresh veggies. I also tend to be pleased with their soup of the day. I like the ambiance and the bartender is always a joy! The location is great for the downtown crowd but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here due to parking.
I visited The Rusty Spoon this past Saturday in celebration of my birthday. I had a large party, larger than originally anticipated, so I understand that it was inconvenient for our server Joey. What I don't understand is why he continued to be rude and short  toward me and my party knowing full well that he would be adding a 20% automatic gratuity to all of our bills. My friend even watched him complain to another server near our table at one point. The food was great but we felt completely unwelcome and will not be returning. If I want to spend $40+ on an entree and a drink, I will be taking my patronage to a restaurant in the Winter Park area where I am always treated very well.
I've been here a few times. Took my mom here for dinner. The service was good and so was the food. This was the first time they were out of two of the items from the "dirty south" dish my mom attempted to order on the menu, including snapper and shrimp. I was amazed to hear that they were out of shrimp. The restaurant wasn't very prepared with a substantial inventory. I ordered the grilled grassfed culotte steak. Great dish and presentation. I would come back here only because the good is always so good, but probably not for a while considering my last experience.
Had fantastic dinner at Rusty Spoon.  My son recently moved to Orlando, he had an interest to explore downtown as a new experience.  So the four of us went to rusty spoon, found off yelp research (thank you yelpers!).  It was great to get away from the Disney and Universal entertainment districts, this is a jewel of an entrepreneur owning a business and doing a great job.  Chef came by our table---   special, being a James Beard award winner.  Wont go into food detail, but everything was special, the server did a great job describing menu and options.  Was honest and clear.  We tried apps, salads, entrees and desserts.  Delicious, great atmosphere.  Downtown restaurants needs to fight with the city for different parking options.  Got a dang parking ticket!  Main streets were closed for an Octoberfest event, parked under the highway, paid $2 for two hours.  I could have only been 5-10 min over 2 hours.  $20 + parking ticket.  City of Orlando, was that ticket worth the money to lose me coming back or others from visiting?  There wasn't major events in town that early evening.  I could understand if there was a basketball game or concert. but it was a quiet night.
The lamb sandwich was incredible. It comes with an onion/raisin sauce on it. I hate onions and my boyfriend hates raisins and we ate every last drop of that sauce. They also brought us a platter of sauces for our haystack fries and their BBQ sauce made with Dr. Pepper is a must try.
I don't know if we just had a bad experience, but we really didn't get the same great service that everyone seems to be so excited about. While our server was nice and fairly attentive, our food took ages to come out and he never once mentioned it while we sat there waiting...and waiting...and waiting. We even had a birthday at our table and while the free dessert was a nice touch (so make sure to mention if it's your birthday!), none of us had planned on ordering dessert, and we had to wait another 10 minutes for that to come out as well. Even though I really liked my food (the onion rings, fried oysters, and risotto are all items I'd recommend), I heard a lot of mixed reviews from the rest of the table. Maybe it was just because the wait soured everyone on the experience, but I didn't really hear much in the way of rave reviews about the Burger (just OK), the Octopus (low on flavor), and a couple other things ordered around the table. I would consider giving it another shot because I enjoyed the food, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here. Tip: We had originally called to try and make a reservation and they told us they were completely booked...and when we showed up they were able to seat us immediately. If you can't get a reservation, I would stop in anyway, it seems they like to leave some space available for walk-ins.
The Rusty Spoon, wow, you've got my attention! Now, not being from Orlando, I'm not sure about the food scene, but it just seems to me that there aren't an over abundance of farm-to-table, craft style restaurants in the area. Finding this place  was an absolute gem. These guys are serious. So walking up, it's in the middle of the downtown area, cool, but a lot of chains, a lot of restaurants that seem to lean either to the cheaper end or the expensive end. This place looks on the upper end of the price spectrum but still casual at the same time. Reminds me a bit of Husk (Charleston) with the rustic woods and such inside. Very nice but not intimidating or upscale either. First off, the service here is fantastic. Not a drink went dry, and everything was explained. The restaurant's ideas on making food, to the current dishes, to desserts...great guys. We were given a complimentary shot of squash (if I remember right) flavored with St. Germaine. Tasted like a cantaloupe! So onto the food...(Keep in mind each dish is detailed, and I don't remember near all of what was explained, so this won't do their menu justice.) We skipped the apps and dove straight in. My wife ordered a cobia fish dish, and it was amazing. I ordered the Chicken Thigh Alla Diavola (and yes, I'm consulting the menu so I can get the details right... therustyspoon.com). This is possibly the best chicken dish I've ever had. I can't think of any that's hit the mark like this. So, "slow roasted with housemade Italian sausage, house hot pickled peppers, wilted greens and grit fries (think a pad of grits, fried and cut into steak fry shaped strips)". And the chicken was moist (dark meat) and actually filling. Absolutely delicious. And to top it off, I expected to spend about twice that amount for a dish. (Anything this good for under $30 is a bonus!) Next was dessert. The dessert...I'm sure you have captivated many hearts and stomachs...We ordered the house-made donuts, filled with melted marshmallow and dusted with sugar (and probably cinnamon). And they are served with a dish of chocolate to dip them in. There was talk of finding a nap spot somewhere in the back and ordering again. 100% serious. They have a good (nothing brew-pub) list of beers, and their cocktails looked tasty, but these will be on my list to try for the next trip down, because I will be sniffing this place out if I'm in the zip code.
First off, the staff. Super duper friendly and accommodating. Then on to the bartender, Jessie...nice, nice, nice. Then the crispy cucumber martini, yummy. Next stop, a perfect (thank you Jessie) dirty martini. I have not even started on the best burger i have ever eaten!! The 55 burger!!do yourself a favor and get the haystack fries. Don't walk, run to The Rusty Spoon.
Recommended by a local bartender.  This is one of those "farm to table" places, and much of the food was a little eclectic for our taste.  A chicken appetizer had a small piece of fried chicken (excellent), a deep-fried egg (ok), and chicken heart pieces on a skewer (weird, salty, not terrible, but I'm not craving more chicken heart).  The steak entree was pretty "normal"and was awesome.  Dessert was very good, also.  Service was great.
Meh. I was pretty underwhelmed with my meal here. Very surprising giving its high reviews. Service was on point. Cucumber martini was thoroughly strong. I got the chicken, and could tell it was fresh and cooked with pride, but just was not impressed. I found it underseasoned and a little on the dry side . I would honestly say that Publix's rotisserie chicken does more for me than this did. I did enjoy the rice, and I'm not typically a rice person. We also got the rusty doughnuts and the grown-up s'mores. Both good, but neither blew me away. Just felt like something was missing. Their food didn't pack any punch for me. My chicken was around $24 and my cocktail was $9.50. Very pricey for what I found to be an average meal. I would be open to giving it another try, but do not plan on rushing back.
Interesting flavors and an ever-changing menu. If you like places like Ravenous Pig this should be up your alley
I don't usually give 5 stars but this place was truly outstanding.  Anywhere that has a half-price wine night with an interesting list is on the right track in my book, but what really blew me away was the lake meadow salad - a warm spinach and escarole salad with sauted chicken livers - was a genuine original and very well executed. Not that the roasted oysters app or the "remodeled lasagna" weren't excellent but when you're expecting another re-treaded low-country menu, it's nice to be pleasantly surprised by innovation.  Chef  Kathleen Blake is the real deal.  I highly recommend the Kentucky Red cocktail as a way to finish off your night.
Yum. The charred squid and octopus salad NEVER disappoints. The burger is a force to be reckoned with. Uh, yes I do like bacon inside my burger thank you very much. And the lamb sandwich? where have you been all my life?! and I don't even like lamb very much!.... but i'd eat this sucker everyday if I could. The pasta is incredible and if they have mac + cheese as an accompaniment for any dish, for the love of all that is holy, just get it. I wish they would keep it on the menu for good but my hips would be very upset with me. They always have some sort of special: usually whatevers local or in season and its always delightful. Great service at the bar. I don't think I've ever even sat at a table...
Farm-to-table style restaurants are my favorite! They always seem to have the freshest ingredients and most unique concepts. With that said, I was really excited when we stumbled upon this charming eatery in downtown Orlando. It was freezing outside (okay, like 46 but still!) and this place was just the right amount of cozy and dimly lit to warm you up. To start, we ordered the haystack fries that came with three homemade sauces. The fries were shoestring style and covered in Parmesan and herbs. The sauces were bbq, ketchup and some sort of creamy bbq/horseradish thing. They were all delicious and had that freshly made flavor. I had the onion soup which was their take on French onion. It was really good. For meals, my husband had the slow-braised lamb sandwich. This was the first time we tried lamb and it was so good! Very tender. It had sautéed sweet onions, golden onion jam and homemade ricotta. The bun was very fresh as well, even though apparently the bread is the only thing not made in house. I had a salad on the specials menu. It had beets, clementines and goat cheese "cakes" (big chunks of goat cheese rolled in nuts) and it was awesome. If you are a beet fan, make sure to try this! It was so fresh and light. They have a nice craft beer and mixed drink menu, but I'm not a huge drinker (would rather eat my money than drink it) but my husband enjoyed his beer! Their menu changes seasonally and I can't wait to see what spring has in store!
Yum. The charred squid and octopus salad NEVER disappoints. The burger is a force to be reckoned with. Uh, yes I do like bacon inside my burger thank you very much. And the lamb sandwich? where have you been all my life?! and I don't even like lamb very much!.... but i'd eat this sucker everyday if I could. The pasta is incredible and if they have mac + cheese as an accompaniment for any dish, for the love of all that is holy, just get it. I wish they would keep it on the menu for good but my hips would be very upset with me. They always have some sort of special: usually whatevers local or in season and its always delightful. Great service at the bar. I don't think I've ever even sat at a table...
This place is wonderful, with a changing menu at least once a month.  Everything is farm to table, so their menu reflects on what's fresh and in season.  I love sitting at the bar when I come here, Kenny is a fantastic bartender.  He's full of insight to the menu, knows his drinks, likes conversation and will never let your glass go empty.   The haystack is so delicious.  If you like fries, you'll love these.  Shoestrings with cheese and seasoning on them served with house made ketchup, aioli and bbq, all three are outstanding.  Their hand cut noodles are also extremely delicious.  Freshly made large ribbon noodles in a tomato sauce with pork and siriloin meatballs, wilted greens and pecorino cheese, which is extremely filling.  I've also had the roasted chicken with sauteed spinach and macaroni and cheese that was great! They have a large selection of draft beer that changes regularly, as well as a nice wine list and specialty drinks.  The atmosphere is nice, I don't know about the service in the dining room but it's excellent service at the bar.
I had very high hopes for this restaurant, based mostly on reviews but also from what I had heard about it from colleagues.  We were greeted by a bubbly hostess and seated immediately on a weeknight.  We were promptly greeted at our table by our eager server.  ((Great start.))  We were informed of the evening's specials, and placed our drink order.  Drinks made it to the table quickly.  They weren't anything outrageous.  The rye negroni was way out of balance, with far too much Campari. Appetizers made it to the table fairly quickly.  Highlights were the onion rings and haystack fries.  The butcher's plate was a big miss. We moved on to entrees and again, I was disappointed.  My Lake meadows bird was incredibly tough, which was both a surprise and a let down.  As a table we also shared a "black lasagna" which we were each only able to take a bite of.  There was something off putting about it.  I did hear great things about the burger.   Our server the entire evening was fantastic.  Very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  While not the best meal I've had in Orlando, it certainly wasn't the worst.  I would return for the onion rings alone.  I'll be back to give it another shot, and hopefully my update will be of a better experience.
Love this place, beautiful & cozy atmosphere.  The haystacks are a must and the mushroom risotto was out this world .  LeAve room for desert:  unbelievable strawberry shortcake with pistachio gelato!!! And the service was great, too :):)
I wrote a really long review for this place, and then as I was posting it, it got deleted. The firist time I came here, I was not super impressed, I ordered the pulled pork sandwhich with raisins and ricotta. it was really good full of flavor and so different!! My boyfriend ordered a stuffed burger, it was a while ago and I don't think this is on the menu anymore, but he said he wasnt too impressed with it, like it was trying too hard. We came back here about a week ago with his family, because they like places like this, and we were pleasantly surprised, this experience was so much better. We started with the onion rings, they were breaded with a doughnut like breading and had a stout dipping sauce, it was absolutely amazing! I couldn't get enough of it! I ordered the steak with potatoes au gratin and baked tomato, so did my boyfriend,  this was absolutely amazing, the meat was tender and flavorful, the potatoes were incredible, I've never had potatoes like that before. Another member of our party got the cornish hen, I believe, it was so good, and tiny, very cute. It was fall of the bone tender and just everything you want from chicken. The last entree we got was the fresh homemade pasta, I didn't taste this dish personally, but the person who ordered it absolutely loved it, they ate the entire dish and didnt have a single bad thing to say. We also ordered two desserts because we simply couldnt help ourselves. First was the pretzel smores with homemade khalua chocolate, this was so cool, although very sweet, so if you don't have a big sweet tooth, you may not love it. We also ordered the apple cobbler, I think I liked this one the best because it had fresh peices of apple and homemade salted caramel ice cream. The contrast from the hot cobbler and the cold ice cream was dreamy. I will definitely be back here, and I am so excited to come back and get that apple cobbler again. Very cool, trendy place.
Finally stopped into The Rusty Spoon this week and was not disappointed.  The inside is classy yet lightly whimsical, very clean and inviting.  The service was excellent and not in the least bit pretentious, something I find to be an issue in many similar establishments.  The service even included an amuse bouche (small free appetizer), which we all enjoyed and is something you don't see everyday. The food was delicious and remarkably it was very reasonably priced.  We started with the butchers board as an appetizer had a very good ham with a pimento cheese and some toast points, pickled shrimp, and scotch eggs all were delicious.  I got the burger and I can legitimately say it gives a good run for the best burger in Orlando what's more is it comes with a choice of sides soup, salad or fries-I went with the fries and they were fantastic.  With the burger running at $14 it is priced to sell and blows 95% of Orlando's offerings straight out of the water.   The drink selection was solid displaying some great beers, creative cocktails and overall quality choices. We loved the drinks we received.  All I can say is I will be back, looking forward to trying everything
Was genuinely excited to try this place and really wanted to like it, but I left fairly disappointed. Requested steak medium and was closer to rare than even medium rare, salad dressing was overly acidic, soup wasn't hot, and side vegetables were so salty that they were inedible. On the bright side, I did have a nice bourbon cocktail special, atmosphere is nice, and the bartender was attentive. There's definitely potential here, but it needs some work.
No stars. This place,  although recommended from friends always disappoints. We tried to eat here a year ago and left before ordering due to crappy service and an overall apathy to us being there. Today,  myself and 6 collegues went to eat and we're turned away due to reservations. We were told to wait 20 mins to see if the reservations would show before they could seat us. Perhaps this is customary, but I've never experienced having to wait 20 mins after a table is supposed to arrive to see if they will arrive before they would sit our party.  Well they just lost well over $300 and a customer for life. I will not return nor will I recommend this place.
I was hoping for a bit more from this place since it's the farm-to-table kind of thing I enjoy from time to time and it's at the base of 55 West, but alas, it fell flat. The decor is nice.  Some of the large images of animals on the walls are slightly disconcerting, but all in all, the lighting and atmosphere is nice. The intro staff was friendly enough, though the waiter was slightly aloof.  He wasn't unfriendly, but wasn't exactly great company either.  He did his job decently, but service seemed slow.  The auto-grat 20% is a bit steep, and I wonder if he didn't bother trying hard because of it. The food was a disappointment too.  With the high prices, I expect a lot more from the place.  My wife had the burger and it was lackluster.  I had a salad that included liver and I've discovered either a) I'm not a fan of liver or b) they didn't cook it right.  It was gritty in texture and tasted like bloody offal.  I was only able to power through half of it, and a friend of mine that tried it almost threw up immediately. Suffice it to say, I certainly won't be back here any time soon, if ever.
Our oyster appetizer was good. My husband's dinner was fine. He enjoyed the Dirty South. Mine, not so much. Lots of shells in the very bland crab salad. Very mayonnaise-y. The avocado at the base was overripe. I don't think I'll return.
Rusty Spoon is always a win. We started with the Haystack (these fries are addictive), the onion soup and a caeser. My ONLY gripe is if you are going to serve long form romaine in a caeser please give us appropriate plating! The plate it was on and side plates were too small! I LOVED that they make a creamless caeser dressing. It's perfectly coated and divine. All of our entrees were a hit. I had the remodeled lasagne. Housemade sheet pasta with wilted green, beef and pork ragu. Enough acidity and savor, well executed. The flounder special and lake meadow chicken were also hits at our table (if you like chicken order this while they have it!). We got the s'more for desert and were floored. Big enough to share for two-three, decadent with the best chocolate mouse I've ever had wedged in. Service here is always phenomenal. The people that work here enjoy it, you can tell. They do a great job but are themselves and relaxed. It's such a welcome and refreshing atmosphere. Hands down the best meal downtown. If you are not eating here you are only doing yourself a disservice.
Pretty decent place - we stopped in on our way back to Tampa from Daytona. It has so many positive reviews and is right off I-4 so why not. All in all I was totally gipped on my drinks might has well been water with a alcohol taste. As far as the food my buddy's got their fat noodles pretty sweet from what I can tell. The chef sent us complimentary jalapeño poppers or something like that. VERY GOOD!! I got the 55 burger and it was daaaaaarn good. In summary don't waste your cash on hard liquor they water it down. Do buy plenty of food it was all great.
Great service, superior food, pleasant but not spectacular decor. Downtown, dinner with the locals vibe, not touristy. Loads of craft beers but also slick with cocktails. The chef's board was awesome with a Scottish egg and two renditions of pork with veggie relishes and pickles -- all house made. Fabulous, hearty "gilima" soup of giant lima beans and greens. Braised lamb shank was the best I've ever had. Pairing with collard greens and black-eyed peas was brilliant. Really nice gastropub experience.
After looking at different places for dinner, we decided to try The Rusty Spoon.  We were pretty happy after realizing that wines were half off since it was a Tuesday night. We started with the onions rings,  and were really surprised about the huge portion. Since it was only two of us, the portion was kind of overwhelming. However they were fresh, crispy, and a little bit sweet, which was a good touch. Even though our entrees were good, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. We order the special of the day, and their signature marinara pasta. Food was good, but not great, nothing that makes you want to come back really soon. Service was good. The atmosphere was king of blunt.
This place is a shining star in the ever changing Church St. saga. I stopped in for a late lunch a couple of times and walked away fat and happy! The restaurant feel and decor is a picture right out of the how to attract the farm to table crowd book, rustic yet with a contemporary feel. I find myself dinning alfresco(weather pending) or belling up to the bar on my visits. The entrees the chef and kitchen staff are producing are wonderful to say the least. The bar is well stocked, large selection of beers, excellent cocktails, and a modest but impressive wine selection by the glass or bottle. The front of house staff have always been superb on all occasions. Parking is really my only grip, but again well worth it for the small fee you will pay convent access to the establishment.
I'm afraid I simply can't give four stars ...and I'm waffling on whether my experience was truly a three star event.   First ~ I am so fatigued with ordering a 'Beet Salad' and having to look fir the Beets!  If your description is Beets, Blue Cheese and Candied Walnuts, I don't expect to get a bowl full of Bibb Lettuce and so few beets that I must go on a hunting expedition.  I ordered a Beet a Salad...not lettuce.   Second, I'd swear the burger said it was "stuffed" with Gruyere and Bacon.  Instead it was simply a Cheese Burger.  Yes, it was good...Though cooked more rare than medium as ordered ... But that's not what was described.   The wine selection was good...as was the beer offering.  The cocktails seemed a bit adventuresome and I'm usually open to trying new tastes... Speaking of adventuresome, the dessert offerings were a little nouveau for my palate, so we opted for the Strawberry Cobbler.  It was just 'ok'. Great service and love the decor ~ so def with a second try ...esp since the menu varies.   Note:  friend said Dirty South didn't quite thrill, so I'd ask for clarification on the burger ...skip the dirty south if you want a complexity of favors.
Came to The Rusty Spoon to have dinner in celebration of my 28th birthday. I'm glad we decided to come here! I really like the feel of setting of the restaurant and the photos on the wall.  Perfect setting for a restaurant downtown. It was not that busy on a Friday night so the restaurant was not too loud even with some people by the bar. We started with a half dozen raw oysters (can't remember where they were from), which were served on a bed of rock salt with lemon and mignonette. Very fresh and plump... which I could have had about five dozen more. Along with the oysters we got the charred local squid and octopus. I haven't had squid and octopus this tender before. So it was strange to me not having any texture to the bite. This would perhaps be easier to eat for squid and octopus n00bs that want to be adventurous? As for our main plates, my fiancee ordered the "55" burger, and I ordered the "Dirty South". The burger was great, served perfectly medium as Christy ordered, with a side of haystack fries.  The sauce the fries were served with was home-made.. don't remember what they called it, but tasted heavy of cumin and coriander. Maybe a BIT too heavy... but it was good.  Our server Miguel brought us out a couple of different home made sauces as well. My Dirty South was really good, only thing I would say is that it was a bit too salty for me, but it did not ruin the dish. The head-on shrimp, clams, and local snapper were all delicious. The snapper had a nice crust to it and was moist in the middle. Portions were perfect. I think I would have enjoyed it even more if it had not been a bit too salty. They brought out some chocolate tart out for my birthday. It was really good, not too sweet and a good end to our meal.   Miguel was a great server!
Delicious, fresh, local food with great service. I have been here twice now and was not disappointed either time. Funny enough, we were seated at the table right next to the table where we ate the first time, so have had the same extremely good service from the same server (Katherine) both times. The menu changes frequently depending on the season. As someone who loves southern comfort food, deciding what to get is hard. Last time I was in a burger mood so I got their "55" and it was SO GOOD. Unbelievably juicy, and cooked perfectly. I always order medium and hope that they do it ever-so-slightly on the rare side of medium, and that is exactly what they did. My husband got the dirty south which is a seafood lover's dream come true. I tried some of it, the broth was amazing. Even though I gave it 5 stars, I will admit we got the butcher board and I wasn't thrilled with it, but this could have more to do with my palette. The fried buttermilk chicken was awesome, but there was also a scotch egg and raspberry chicken liver mousse. The latter two were just not my cup of tea. I've had liver before, and it has always kinda been hit-or-miss for me. My husband liked all of it, especially the scotch egg, so to each his own I guess. The haystack are delicious shoe string fries with parmesean and their homemade ketchup, which I swear I detect a hint of nutmeg in. They are delicious and crispy and everything fries should be. The cucumber martini is amazing and crisp and fresh. I wish I got a tad more drink for the price, but a martini is a martini I suppose. Rusty Spoon is definitely a splurge/special occasion place for us, but next time we have something to celebrate we'll be back!
Saturated heavily with bar and club driven concepts, it seems like there really isn't any good dining options worth it's salt in Downtown Orlando. The Rusty Spoon surprises and changes that notion. Acclaimed Chef Kathleen Blake strives to deliver fresh, organic, locally sourced produce. This chef driven restaurant has definitely settled into it's own and well worth the trouble of dealing with parking and club boppers. This is a great addition to Downtown Orlando restaurant scene. Set under the famed 55 West building (is it still empty?), the restaurant commands a prime location on famous Church Street. Unfortunately for Orlando, we don't really have many destination streets. But, Church Street seems to take that crown. There are a few sidewalk tables and a huge interior. Being a historic building, the ceiling soars to infinity dotted with hanging pendant bulbs of varying lengths. Black ceiling with exposed ductwork and beams contribute to the allure that there really is no limit. The huge bar grounds the space which is semi divided into sections. Although it seems like a big open space, the designer managed to cluster tables into apparent sections suggesting privacy. Black and white wall scenes of farms and animals suggest the source of food, very organic. Within all the earthy and neutral tones there accents a terracotta colored wall that enters the kitchen. The menu suggest locally sourced fresh produce from Palmetto Creek Farms, Waterkist Farm, Lake Meadow Naturals, Deep Creek Ranch, and Wild Ocean Seafood Market with seasonal items. Daily creations allow to really use the freshest of ingredients. The online menu showcases staples, while the daily inhouse menu adds scrumptious offerings. Catchy menu sections of First Plates, Leafy Greens, Handhelds, Sustenance and Sweet Finishes puts a spin on traditional names. Sadly, Sustenance is not offered at lunch. I wonder how the Downtown suit and ties manages with just Handhelds. Neither was a wine list offered. There must be someone in those office buildings who toss back a good glass of wine at lunch. Charred Local Squid & Octopus - local rocket, shaved fennel, pomegranate seeds & oil cured olives. A marvelous helping of saltiness that opens the appetite. Generous seasoning makes this a bold starter. The "55 - 1/2 lb of Grass-Fed Beef Stuffed with Bacon & Gruyere, Smothered with Onions, Rusty Aioli & Housemade Pickles on a Soft Roll. Aptly named for the tower it sits under. This tower is a gut fuller that does not leave room for anything else. The earthy texture of grass fed beef does ring a tall order. Slow Braised Lamb - Jamison Farm Lamb, sweet onion & golden raisin jam with House Made Ricotta Salata on Toasted Moroccan Bread. Gamey lamb hints ring true to the real nature of lamb. The onion and raisin jam is a wonderfully delicious addition. Although, I may have the jam bottled and smeared on anything I eat in the future. Whatever slight nod to ancient Morocco with the bread transcends to the ancient land with this heavenly jam. Given that it was lunch, service might have been a little on the casual side. Or maybe that is the vibe of the restaurant. Either way, the food makes up for any lacking. I can hardly wait for my next venture into Downtown territory to try the Sustenance menu. The Rusty Spoon is definitely serving up heaping spoonfuls.
Great food! I had the 55 burger, caprese salad, haystack fries and donuts. The food was fresh and flavorful and very good service. I would definitely frequent this place again!
Great food, drinks and service...a DTO must go!
The Rusty Spoon is THE southern foodie restaurant in downtown Orlando.  Most of the food is locally sourced and it is all fresh.  The Butcher's Plate has the chef's choice of fresh appetizer portions. Our's had mild chicken wings, chicken pate and pickled eggs.  All were very tasty with well-balanced and thoughtful flavors.  My meal started with a house salad - nothing special but fresh - mostly red Bibb lettuce.  I had the Dirty South - a dish requiring the freshest of seafood.  Fortunately, the mixture of snapper, clams, and shrimp were fresh having been sourced from Wild Ocean Seafood out of Port Canaveral.  The wife had a lamb sandwich with a ricotta cheese which was also tasty. There is a good selection of 6 draft beers and many more in bottle.  Wine is available, but I did not partake.  The walls are tactfully decorated with farm animals and farm scenes emphasizing the freshness of the food.  The restaurant has an open feel with plenty of space between the tables and a high ceiling. I mentioned that this is a southern foodie restaurant.  I think it is every bit as good as the Ravenous Pig (and more comfortable inside) and the Cask & Larder.  While I like those restaurants, too, I like being able to make a reservation the night before rather than weeks ahead.  Some might be turned off by the parking in the evening (lots of valet, $5 and $10 parking signs around).  I suggest parking under I-4 where you can buy parking for a dollar/hour.  That adds very little to the cost of a dinner, or you can visit for a weekend lunch where you can probably find street parking for free.   If you can brave the parking and a short walk in downtown, you will find The Rusty Spoon much easier to get into than those Winter Park locations and the food is top notch.
We've walked by this place a thousand times and finally dropped in tonight for dinner.  The lackluster hostess told us it would be a 40 minute wait for a table inside, even though quite a few were obviously open, so we opted to sit outside. The weather was great and we realized inside could get a bit stuff/smokey due to the open kitchen (fyi, there was no wait inside as people walking in after us were seated with no trouble). Our waiter was knowledgeable about everything on the menu and where ingredients came from.  We ordered the coffee rubbed chulotte steak and the hand-cut noodles.  The steak was well seasoned and cooked perfectly, just as we ordered it.  The noodles were a bit undercooked for my tastes, but "al dente" for the most part.  I did like the variety of mushrooms, though I wish the sauce would have been thicker.  It was like broth in the bottom of the bowl.  Had they made this into a soup with some fresh bread, that would be the ticket, but I digress. We passed on dessert, and still managed a $60 tab with 2 entrees and 2 beers.  If I could award 3.5 stars, I would.   This won't be a regular for us; a bit too pricey for what you get, but the food was pretty good and I could see this being a nice date spot.
The Rusty Spoon is a farm-to-table gourmet gastropub in downtown Orlando. They have some great drink specials and food for the business crowd, or those looking for a night out on the town. The 55 Burger features a half-pound of Grass-Fed Beef Stuffed with Bacon & Gruyere between a soft brioche bun. It is topped with onions, rusty aioli, and house-made pickles. The combination of quality beef, bacon, and cheese melting together makes this a very savory burger. The brioche and the creamy aioli complement this flavor profile perfectly, while the pickles add that perfect tang that shows the flavor profile was well thought out. All of the ingredients going into this burger were top notch and the beef really stood out. The combination of the creamy aioli, caramelized onions, bacon, and tangy pickles is a known winner (and this burger is one of the best I've had this way). My only items to note would be that the patty was a little too tall (which made the burger more difficult to manage), and I am not sure the spice/heat from aioli was a necessary element.This is definitely one of the best burger in Florida and amongst the best in Orlando.
Found a shiny new gem in Orlando! I loved it even though it still had a few rusty spots.  This place has been on my list for a few years, so when I saw the ad in BITE magazine commuting home I jumped out at Church Street. We saw the ad for the 30-day promotion and that Rusty Spoon was a participating restaurant but when we got to the restaurant the hostess had no idea what it was and neither did our waiter. After investigating they told us that the menu would not start until tomorrow which was already seven days into the 30 day promotion. And while he didn't seem to go out of his way our waiter was actually quite knowledgeable about the menu. The setting inside was beautiful, unique and modern with an authentic feel. When the food came, it was everything I hoped for and expected! The Kennedy Red drink was great as my taste for bourbon grows. It was strong but not as much as the Barrel Aged Burough Scuro! Whoa! We started with the rusty O-rings apps which had a huge slice of onion inside a funnel cake type coating. A little bland without the stout sauce but the confectioners' sugar was a very nice touch. The tomato soup was rich and authentically tomato-based rather than the typical cream base. I ordered the lamb handheld sandwich. It was like a pulled pork sandwich but with lamb, feta cheese and a sweet raisin, caramelized onion jam on a perfectly textured and toasted bun. The bun was as big as my hand and ultimately I only ate the bottom of the bun as I wanted to leave room for dessert. We ordered a unique Jellyroll cake with butter pecan homemade gelato. It had it been almost brownie like/cake like texture with a fluffy, airy cream in the middle. The crust had nice crunchies but I think the strong, amazing gelato made it in my mind. I Probably would not order it again but its uniqueness was a treat.  Overall the rusty spoon is now one of my top 10 favorite restaurants in Orlando and although it's in church street station please don't tell the tourists.
Okay, maybe more of 2.5 stars. Mostly for the excellent service and the comfortable atmosphere. I really wanted to like the food. I really did, and I'm not quite sure if it is just the style down in Orlando or not, but everything was extremely salty. I just knew my blood pressure was stacking up after this heavy meal. It wasn't only me, but everyone in my party also agreed that the saltiness was a little over the edge. So much potential. I shared the Slow Braised Lamb sandwich with a side of Haystack fries and the "Dirty South." The lamb was exactly as they described, the meat was tender and full of flavor. The salty component I tasted was primarily the house made ricotta salata, the Moroccon bread and rest of the sandwich was excellent. Haystack fries are shoestring cut thin fries with parmesan cheese and were good. The "Dirty South" was a predominantly seafood dish, in which my favorite part was probably the creamy grits and the shrimp broth. The snapper was also notable, but the shrimp was also too salty for my liking.   What I really liked about the Rusty Spoon was that they were able to accommodate our large group on late notice, our waiter was great at responding to everyone's requests, and the location is close to other bars downtown. I especially like their pinterest-inspired lightbulbs! There's also a couple screens by the bar, if you're looking to keep an eye on a game during drinks or dinner. Also, Tuesdays are the best days to come here because its 50% off all wines! What a deal.
Great farm to table with just about everything made from scratch ingredients sourced to within a 110 mile radius. Conveniently located right in the midst of the downtown Church St. district, the place is clean, beautifully appointed, with a very nice bar, great service and incredibly fresh innovative menu options. They change their menu monthly to match what's available, so you'll always be in for something new. We went on the first night of the NCAA tourney (Church St. much busier than usual) in March and I had the best risotto dish I've ever encountered.
I've never had a dish here that I don't like, and the staff is super friendly and fun. The last time we went for lunch, the specials were so good that we told our server we wanted to kidnap the chef. Two minutes later, she came out and waved, saying she was onboard. Shortly thereafter, her husband, who was sitting at the bar, sat and chatted with us about our meal, the menu, etc. The food is amazing, and even though indulging in the specials won't give you the healthiest cuisine ever, you can relax a bit knowing it's all local, as organic as possible, and totally seasonal. In fact, instead of doing Christmas gifts with our close friends, we all pick this hotspot for dinner each year and meet up to celebrate. Lunch seems to be pretty slow but they have great, less-expensive menu items. Dinner is amazing and I'm not a sweet lover, but the desserts are pretty killer too.
I can't explain enough how Good the food is here.   They keep updating the menu with new stuff to try.  My favorite eat spot downtown Orlando.   And it's in my building
Nice atmosphere, good service, and good good!  The only reason I gave it a 4 was that the food did not wow me for the price charged!
This place continues to woo me to return after each visit I make.  It's their consistency of quality food and culinary creativeness, but without being "out there" zany, that makes this place our stock go-to restaurant when you want to show off Orlando.   This past Saturday was no different.  First off, we ordered the crudités. Roasted Peaches over bibb (butter) lettuce with chèvre and toasted/candied pistachios.  The simplicity of the vinaigrette subtly applied to the super fresh (and I mean SUPER fresh) bibb lettuce was a balanced background of acid and herbs to the sweet of the peaches and the saltiness of the cheese.  The pistachios were ample enough to provide a counter texture to the softness of the other ingredients.   Well played!!! Heirloom Tomatoes with feta were delicious, as well.  The tomatoes alone could have been enough.  They were lush, meaty, flavorful, and at the perfection of ripeness.  Accompany this was baby greens, pickled cucumbers, and feta cheese and yet another winner. Entrees were cocoa rubbed ribeye, tile fish special, and the Dirty South.   The ribeye was perhaps one of the best I've ever had.  The rub was delicious, but not overbearing as it seemed to be balanced by the marble of the ribeye.  The grilling was perfect, as was the temperature.  Get this dish! I had the tile fish special, which was a perfect light choice for the evening.  The tile was flakey, buttery, and clearly fresh.  The accompaniment was a creamy grit base with chopped shrimp and a light lemon beurre blanc.  Get this dish! The third dish was the Dirty South, which is a constant on their menu.  I didn't try it because I'm not a fan of snapper, but the dish was ample with fish, clams, shrimp, and grits.  If these are your things, get this dish! Another note, The Rusty Spoon doesn't seem to follow a lazy trend in restaurant cheffery of using salt as a principle seasoning.  Yes salt has its place, but as with everything I ever have here, it serves as a supportive role, not the ruinous feature of the dish.   This place is 4.5 stars to 4.75 stars.  I will always be back.
I moved to Orlando about a month and a half ago, and when my mom visited last weekend, we decided to try the Rusty Spoon.  I hadn't been many places here, but we were definitely pleased with our decision! We had the haystack, the egg noodles with spinach and mushroom, and the seafood dish with grits.  Everything was flavorful and wonderfully portioned. I also had a cucumber martini, which was good (though very strong!) and my absolute FAVORITE gluten free beer, Omission (please never get rid of this selection). I had another friend in town a few days later and she decided to try the Rusty Spoon after looking at the online menu.  Again, we had the haystack as well as the chicken with cheese dumplings, the burger with bacon and gruyere, and tomato soup with cheese croutons. Everything I have had thus far has been phenomenal and I keep trying to think up excuses to go back as soon as possible. The decor of the restaurant is great--very open, airy, and modern.  There was a musician playing last Friday when we went who added a lot to the atmosphere, but didn't distract from table conversations.  Also love the locally sourced ingredients.  Both servers I had were well-informed of the specials, helpful, and friendly.  Great work!
This place has really become inconsistent of late. Undercooked thick pasta on a previous visit but today's lunch was the worst experience yet!!  I have taken many clients for lunch to The Rusty Spoon because I like the ambiance and the food. I'm now rethinking ever going back.  I had the fresh catch: blackened Mahi on Texas toast basically.  I ordered fries but got half of a head of romaine lettuce. About 3 shaves of Parmesan.  Really???  Excessive on the lettuce.  The bread was so soggy it fell apart making the sandwich part pointless. After lunch I and my client ordered coffee. The problem there was the cream which separated in the coffee looking like it curdled!!!  Awful. The waiter did comp the coffee.  Which leads me to "Mr. Personality". (Said sarcastically). Enough said!
Well, this was our first visit to the Rusty Spoon, but it won't be the last. We started with cocktails, which were well prepared and delicious. I had the Kentucky Red, which was bourbon based, and loved it. The beer list isn't long, but it's got some nice choices, and the wine list is nice. For appetizers we ordered the loaf of onion rings, and the charcuterie platter for the table.  I've never had onion rings served with powders sugar, but it worked.   The buffalo mozzarella and heirloom tomato salad was perfection, with just the right touch of salt.   For my main I had the grouper over risotto.  I tried to be nice and offer my dining companions a bite, but it was so incredible that I wanted to keep it all for myself.  My husband had the Dirty South and loved it.  One of the other people at the table had the lamb, and I tried it and found it a bit gamey for my taste, but it was prepared well.   The service was spot on and professional. My only minor quibble is that it would have been nice to have bread with the main courses to sop up all the wonderful sauces,
Came here for the first time 2 weeks ago to celebrate a girlfriend's birthday. Overall, nice experience. The food was the highlight, for sure. -Food: I had the squid and octopus salad, which was delicious! Flavorful, bright and very tender... exceeded my expectations. I also ordered a side of shoestring fries (with rosemary and parm), which our table quickly demolished. I tried my friend's onion rings, which were tasty, but paled in comparison to the shoestring fries. -Beverages: Enticing cocktail menu, though I stuck with the wine. Very satisfied. -Decor/Ambiance: Very cute setting. Casual, yet sleek interior. Nothing spectacular, but the barnyard artwork is absolutely adorable. -Service: It was VERY slow the night we went... despite the relatively empty restaurant. It took 30 to 40 minutes for the server to finally take our food order. Come for the food, but only if you don't mind slower service.
We attempted to have a few drinks and some food here after the Paul McCartney show on 5/18.  We walked in and sat at the bar, when a blond haired woman asked us to leave in a rude manner.   We were a little shocked because the bar was full and most of the interior tables were occupied. We hung around outside and watched her shoo away other customers as she loudly drug chairs back and forth.  After a few minutes, it became clear that she was ready to go home and was doing everything possible to get the paying customers to feel uncomfortable and leave. No big deal, we just went next door to Ceviche and then to Kres.  Both of which were packed because there were 20,000 people wandering around looking for food & drinks. Maybe the Rusty Spoon is so successful that they don't want any new customers.
Food: Great! I ordered the "55" burger and it was delicious! Cooked to a perfect medium, slight pink but a nice char on the outside. Definitely recommend! Service: Phenomenal! Our waiter was very attentive and always came back to check up on us. Recited the whole menu, the day's special, and the desserts from memory! Very impressed. Overall: Price was OK. A little on the pricey side but it's justified because all their ingredients are farm fresh, from what I've heard. I personally think the food was worth it. Ordered the butcher's plate (items the chef wants to serve "on a whim") and it was quite tasty. The fries are on point and would definitely recommend getting. The ambience/setting is mature. Not too loud and perfect to carry a conversation in. A tip I would give is arrive early. They ran out of lamb and some sort of fish a couple hours before closing. Would definitely come back!
One of my favorite places in downtown Orlando.  Almost everything I've tried from here has been excellent.  My favorite dish is the "55" burger.  Order it rare so you can taste the quality of the beef they use.
Came here the other night to quench my sweet tooth. Ambiance and atmosphere is nice for a group of friends to hang out. We ordered the smore's and the yummy filled doughnuts. The smore's was delicious and pleasant to the eyes. It had nice layers of sugar crystals on top of charred marshmallows on top of booze infused milk chocolate which was on top of a nice graham cracker crust. It was a nice variety of flavors on your palate that tied pretty well together. The doughnuts on the other hand were mediocre. The filling was just too much and made it very messy to eat. Probably won't get that again.
We stopped in to The Rusty Spoon last Sunday in the late afternoon. We figured it would be a good time to go and really get to know and try the menu . They had some really great sounding features for that evening. We were slightly disappointed to learn that they ran out of the roasted beet salad feature of earlier that day but that's okay. The other options were more than appealing to us. So we ordered a special of the day being a fried oyster plate. They were served neatly placed onto already cleaned shells with an Asian aioli radish slaw...they were delicious and Amanda loved them...she does not eat oysters...EVER!lol They were just crispy enough with a warm creamy texture inside. They are some of the best fried oysters I have ever eaten. We ordered a caprese-like salad of fresh heirloom tomatoes and arugula with basil and fresh mozzarella mixed in and all slightly dressed with a light oil (grape seed?) It was another special of the evening that our server had pitched to us. As for menu items we went with a Carpaccio which is thinly sliced beef tenderloin on a plate with horseradish crema, greens mixture, roasted beets and nicely toasted baguette. I was skeptical for a moment when ordering it because I know how I like my Carpaccio, but this one is delicious. If you love beets, even better! Next, we ordered the Butchers Board which is a "chef's selection" of items. For that day it was a delicious pork and pistachio terrine with toasted crispy baguette, a Scottish egg over some stone ground mustard aioli(best I've had), and some absolutely delicious prosciutto with a kumquat marmalade. We then ordered the "Remodeled Lasagna" which consisted of two pasta sheets, and a warm salad of wild and organic mushrooms,mushroom brodo(like broth?) wilted greens(watercress and spinach I think)in between them with shaved pecorino atop. So because it is served this way, it is kind of difficult to eat but we would order it again and again...sooooo good!!! We also ordered the Rusty O-rings...porter dipping sauce was too loose, almost watery...but still tasted great, as did the rings. Last we ordered, though we were stuffed, the Butter Poached Local Clams. Now this is another one that Amanda will not usually eat... The clams were poached beyond perfect in a delicious mouthwatering garlic and herb butter mixture. They are served in small 5-6 inch wide, 3 inch deep ceramic bucket with a descent amount of those toasted baguette slices to dip in all that buttery, Herb broth in the bottom. The clams were so tender they seemingly melt in your mouth as a rush of extreme flavor comes over your taste buds. We absolutely love this place. It certainly rivals "the pig" in winter park as I have heard mentioned in certain circles...my only real complaint would be that I do not live above this place in the 55 West Bldg. Ha ha We highly recommend trying this place out! We can't wait to go and eat the other half of the menu:-) Congratulations to Chef/Proprietor Kathleen Blake
Some of the selections were over my head so I ended up ordering their white fish special.  I couldn't have been happier with my choice.  The prices are pretty reasonable for dinner and they were able to accommodate my business dinner of 8 very easily.  The only downside is their location is literally next to the train tracks so that was an interesting and LOUD experience when the train went by :)
I went to the Rusty Spoon for brunch and it was definitely one of the best brunches that I've ever had. Brunch is not a regular occurrence at this joint, but when it comes around, it's something not to be missed. That afternoon, I had their rendition of a lox and bagel dish and a deconstructed caesar salad. The lox and bagel was great. The bagel was rather large and very soft, but had a nice crisp to it on the outside. The lox was also really good. It was served up with some cream cheese and a baked tomato. So delish. The ceasar salad was also one of the best that I've ever had. The romaine leaves were laid out on the plate and the dressing was more of a vinaigrette with a bit of a tang to it. It was amazing. The service here was really great as well. Our waiter was very attentive to all of our needs and made sure to check up on us quite often. He was also quite the joker. I'll definitely be back- even if it's just to have dinner.
Fantastic farm-to-table restaurant. Definitely deserving of a five star all around! Aesthetically, the place is trendy...urban yet rustic. I tried to steal one of their tables....it wouldn't fit in my purse  The service was excellent. I couldn't tell you the last time we had such an on-point waiter. He was fast, friendly, efficient, knowledgable, and seemed genuinely interested passed just what we wanted to order. We were served complimentary shooters that tasted just like cantaloupe. Now, the food. Amazing! I had the Cobia fish served over jasmine fried rice with shrimp. Even my Pepsi was good...ice cold and never empty for long  We debated over desert, but oh are we glad that we did! Do not pass on the donuts. Hot fried donuts with marshmallow fluff in the inside....served with a side of chocolate dipping sauce. It was heavenly! I would consider going just for those donuts. Seriously, order them. You're welcome.
We LOVE food, and we LOVE this place! We always get the Lake Meadow eggs as a starter and have had the "55" burger and a few of the seasonal menu items. But the Dirty South is where it's at! Probably the best dish I've had-anywhere. The grits, broth, and greens are perfect every time and really compliment the proteins. It all works really, really well together! Some reviews mentioned the service is a little slow but it's not a problem for us. We're never in a hurry so we like that they don't come by and bother us every few minutes! :) Staff is laid back and the atmosphere is always great.
Was in Orlando for a conference and due to the awesome yelp reviews I had to come che ck it out.  The food was excellent. All seasonal and fresh.  Interesting ingredient combos that work well. The staff were friendly and very helpful in navigating the menu.  Great beer selection and martini choices.   We started with the Scotch egg which was delicious.  Chicken sausage instead of pork was used giving it a very nice flavor.  Served with a delicious mustard.  We also had the squid salad which was quite nice. Seafood was fresh and tender not rubbery. For an entree we had the shrimp and grits which again was delicious.  The hand city pasta was also very good. House made awesome noodles with homemade ricotta and fresh greens. Donuts and cobbler for dessert. Both quite good Would definitely recommend and ask your waitress for the best selection
Wonderful place that balances the fine line between relaxed and high-end. Cocktails were very good (pre-prohibition style cocktails), lamb sandwich was absolutely amazing! Although they didn't have a separate Gluten-free menu, our waiter was very knowledgable, in addition to being all-around friendly and personable. This is the type of place that would be just at ease with after-work drinks with friends, as it would be on a very romantic date. Go here!
I was totally excited to go to Rusty Spoon and I'm SO glad I did! The food is all organic and locally produced and made with some serious love. Get the french fries- I don't care what anyone says- they are out of this WORLD. Especially with their homemade ketchup OMG... I got a stuffed lamb burger and I'm pretty sure I died and went to food heaven. Everything was incredible. The wine list is extensive and all delicious. They do cheap shots when the train goes by too! I absolutely LOVE the decor in this place. Will 100% be back!
Great selection of craft beer. $3 drafts at happy hour. $2 bottles. Burger was excellent. So was the lamb sandwich   Overall, great spot in Orlando. Definitely would recommend it to locals and tourists.  The bar has a cool layout and it has a high class feel. Not a divy-burger bar at all, but staff is friendly and welcoming regardless.   I was only in Orlando for the day, but I found this place on Yelp and I am continuing the good juju.  Stop by for a great pint and a burger, you will not be disappointed.
I've had such high hopes for this restaurant and been disappointed both times. The first time we ordered the lasagna and it was served not once, but twice undercooked. And not al dente - we are talking flour in the pasta uncooked. I hear so many people rave about this place that we figured we would give it another try - and not order the lasagna. We ordered the special - catfish sandwich- and unbelievably half way through realized it was not cooked. Despite all this, I would give this restaurant three stars as the other food we had was ok - ok not great - but good enough and the server was apologetic and tried to make it right. But the real kicker is today we told the server this is the second visit this has happened and the manager didn't come over to apologize. Needless to say we will not give it a third chance.
Love this place. Only giving it 3 stars because on my first visit, I was seated at the table, but nobody ever came to take my order. I waited for over 20 minutes, waving my arms, trying to get anyone's attention, and was just ignored. I obviously left, but I've been back a few times and had great experiences. Food: Great, upscale American food, their ingredients are from local farmers and everything is uber-fresh. Great onion rings. My favorite is the 55 Burger, it's stuffed with Gruyere cheese and bacon. Delish. And their "haystack" fries are very thin and great with their house-made ketchup. Atmosphere: Very cool, rustic luxe vibe. Really neat flooring and photography. Would be a great place for a date. Not your average restaurant. Service: On my first visit, the service was obviously terrible, but on my other visits the wait staff has been very knowledgeable and attentive.
Rusty Spoon never fails to deliver a delicious meal and great dining experience.  I've been going since they opened and am fast to recommend it to people seeking a new dining choice. I personally love to see menus with a bit more to choose from but I appreciate the detail and first class ingredients in all of The Rusty Spoons dishes.  On my last visit i had the pork goulash and it was fabulous.  It was juicy and tender, had the perfect amount of spice and was served over grits and greens.  My boyfriend had the chicken which was cooked to perfection and was served over brussel sprouts and some sort of delicious grain. Another plus to The Rusty Spoon is their fabulous cocktails.  I had one of their newest ones which was similar to a margarita, I suppose, made with tequila and grapefruit juice and jalapenos.  I'm a sucker for a drink with jalapenos.  It was really good. We also had the onion soup and ceasar salad for startes. Both were super tasty and both are different than the typical versions.  The ceasar has the most amazing vinagraitte and the soup is just plain delicious. Bottom line: don't sleep on this place or you'll be sorry.
I'm not one to give out a 5-star review haphazardly, but this one is right up there with the best of them. The restaurant space is huge, bathrooms are gorgeous and spacious, and the kitchen is wide open so you can see what's going on back there. The best-kept secret in town is their "Thirsty Thursday" (I believe it's from 5-7) where they offer unlimited draft beers and a 3-course tasting menu for $15. After we were impressed by the Thirsty Thurs tasting menu, we came back for a real dinner course.  I love that they offer a good selection of wines and craft beer.  The menu changes frequently and is a very fresh, local, farm-to-table model.  The servers know a lot about the menu and were happy to accommodate my wheat allergy.  Every bit of my scallop dish was phenomenal, and my husband's "Dirty South" was scrumptious. The seafood was all excellently prepared and perfectly seasoned.  Every element of the meals are so well thought-out that they balance perfectly. This is definitely a place where you can spend a lot of money if you do apps and drinks, but there's something to be said about having no regrets about an expensive entree!
My boyfriend has been bugging me about going to a Gastropub, so the night that I made him take me to see Wicked in Downtown Orlando, I finally gave and told him that we could find this place.  The craft beer selection was good.  I am not sure if they rotate their beer menu, but the night that we went they had Bell's Oberon, which is a new favorite of mine.  It's kinda hard to find down here since it's brewed in Michigan, but I get excited when I see it.   As for the food, I don't consider myself a very picky eater, and I am always up to trying anything once--but I had a hard time finding something that sounded good to me.  They had A LOT of specials, when the waiter was reciting them I had a hard time keeping them all straight and eventually zoned out.  They had the things that I assume you would expect from a gastropub, different kind of burgers.  I finally settled with the fish and chips (not they healthiest of options, but I didn't want to be too much of a downer since the boy was really excited to come here) The service was "eh", not great but not bad, just a little slow.  I think that we left about 2 hours for eating and parking and whatnot (the theatre is like 4 blocks away) and we walked into the show as they were dimming the lights and starting the music. I think that the boyfriend enjoyed the food and beer menu, so if he wanted to come back I would follow, but I am not sure that I would come back without him urging me.
Stopped by The Rusty spoon for drinks and appetizers and we were not disappointed.  The bartender was friendly and attentive and the food was innovative and tasty. We started off our visit with tasty cocktails.  I ordered a glass of a red blend from California while my husband decided to test the bartenders cocktail making skills. His "Crisp Cucumber Martini" was refreshingly amazing!!! The cucumber vodka cocktail contained St. Germain liquor and fresh squeezed lemon and lime juice. We wanted to try the steak tar tare, but it was before 5 PM. so the dinner menu was currently unavailable.  We settled on the Haystack Fries with a trio of dipping sauces.  The fries were think, crisp, and perfectly seasoned with salt and Parmesan cheese.  I really liked two of the three dipping sauces.  One reminded me of sriracha and mayonnaise (but fancier) and the other one was sorta like a marinara sauce.  The third one wasn't my favorite.  It reminded me of steak sauce.   Our bartender was kind enough to slip in our steak tar tare order 15 minutes early (major brownie points).  The Steak Tar tare was worth the wait!  The thinly sliced, rare beef was adorned with arugula, roasted beets, horseradish sauce and garlicky toasted baguettes.  Pure heaven! Thank you to fellow Yelper, Patrick P., for making this fantastic recommendation!
First, our waiter Miguel (such a hottie) was super sweet. He detailed everything for us to make sure we knew exactly what we were eating. The ambiance was charming because it gave you a real feel for what the restaurant is about... Which is food. Farm fresh food. no candles lit, flowers sitting on the table. Just a REAL restaurant that believes in quality food. DEFINITELY going back in a few days while we're here visiting
We visited here while we were in town for a wedding and visited based on the good Yelp reviews. It's a little bit of a pretentious place, but the food was all good. I remember the fries being a standout and I had a fish special that was excellent. I would recommend if you're in the area and looking for a nice dinner and if you are not turned off by hipsters.
New, ironing out some things and as much as you want to like this place when you walk in, it needs something else, maybe a few things actually. Went on a Saturday afternoon, gorgeous outside, walked up and seated immediately at the bar. The doors were wide open so when I saw fruit flies, I wasn't immediately turned off, however, they were really annoying. The bartender was a really nice guy but was a super hard seller (from Europe and this is the only place he will eat at here that he would have anything off the menu, everything is made in house, everything is made in house, everything is made in house ::yo dude, is everything made in house?), just didn't see genuine. We sat for a good 5-10 min before he asked what we wanted to start with and he didn't even take our drink order, fail. The menu sounds amazing and I wanted to try 85% of the selection, however, it was lunch and I wasn't that hungry. We started with the oysters for the app and the sauce and crustini bread were the stars! I wasn't even sure there were oysters even in the dish... they were SO tiny. I went with the burger since I am on a mission to taste all of Orlando's burgers. I usually got for medium to med-well and reading Lauren's review, I went safe and requested Med-Well. Oh it came out charred. Boooo... the overall flavor was great though. They have shoestring fries which I could live without so I ordered the side house salad, eh. I wanted the smashed potatoes but apparently it's only a dinner option... way to tempt me as it's smack dab on the menu. The decor -- everything was cool except for the pictures of all the local farms that they get their products from because I don't really want to stare down Babe as I stuff some bacon in my mouth... ya know??? Also, the TV in the middle of the bar was playing TruTV with security camera fights on... classy, not distracting AT ALL. Overall, I will try it again and hope it improves but not sold just yet.
Argh.  If Yelp had a 1/2 star option I would give them 3.5.  Let me explain. First of all, physically, the place is awesome.  It's open, clean, and classy without being stuffy.  Although I think it's a little too posh to be true "gastropub" stylee, it's still comfortable. A few minutes after being sat someone brought us a little bite "compliments of the chef."  Yay free food!  They were these pea and ham fritters with a dipping sauce.  The fritters were good, the sauce was a little weird. Our server, Tim, was ridiculously informative and very attentive.  He recommended a beer that we absolutely loved and he wasn't kidding when he said the martinis were strong.  He also suggested the Charred Squid Steak as our app.  I liked it a lot.  It was different.  I honestly think they could plate just the squid with the Rusty aioli by itself without the lemon, frisee, and Lima beans and it would be just as, if not more, awesome. As entrees my boyfriend got the 55 Burger and I got the special which was a fried soft shell crab sandwich.  My sandwich was absolutely amazing.  If I had a top 5 favorite sandwiches list, this thing would be on it.  I even drank from the plate the juices that had collected on it from the sandwich as I ate.  Yes, my boyfriend gets embarrassed sometimes. The only problem with our meal was the burger.  My bf ordered it medium-well as always.  It came pretty much raw on the inside.  Not rare, raw.  So we sent it back.  The second burger was brought out by the manager(?)  and still, it was rare.  Not raw this time so he sucked it up and ate it anyways (and had a stomach ache later).  BUT the manager did get my bf another beer free of charge which is great customer service.  I just hope they get their shit together in the kitchen or they'll be givin away a lot of free beer. See more pics here nomfest.blogspot.com/201…
As if I needed more proof that Rusty Spoon can deliver delicious thoughtful food, they just went and did it again. This time I chose the special of the day. Carrot ginger soup topped with Cilantro and the Crudites Salad which is a grilled pear with greens, aged cheddar and almond brittle with a vinaigrette dressing. The soup was fantastic. First comes the taste of the carrot, them comes then ginger, as you eat it comes a little heat, and the cilantro bits. Its a soup that really makes you think how simple ingredients can make a nice complex flavor. Well done. On to my Crudites Salad. What we have here is a nice homage to winter ingredients. A grilled pear with almond brittle, winter greens, and aged cheddar with a nice vinaigrette that marries well to all the ingredients. The thing I love about this is you can choose to eat this two ways. I ate it all together, but at times separate. Try the pear with the cheese, try the pear with the almond brittle which is a sweet delicious dessert feel to it. Or try putting everything on your fork at once and finding out that all of those ingredients do go nicely together. It almost felt like indulgence but really was just simple local ingredients that played well together. Another outstanding dish. Delicious beers on tap, and great bar service. A nice lunch spot downtown, that I will keep coming back too.
Love this place!! But apparently so does the rest of Orlando. I have been probably 5-6 times and it is an excellent place for birthdays as well as a date. Twice recently, I have tried coming in for dinner on the weekend. First, our party of 5 (pun not intended) was turned down because they were completely booked and last weekend it was a 45 minute wait at 9:30 at night. Not a negative, just need to book a reservation in advance if you want to make sure you get in here. I have tried the 55 burger (amazing), the lamb sandwich (amazing) and a pasta plate with clams and mussels (amazing). The haystack is great with the dipping sauces and I am also a fan of the fish and chips which my girlfriend orders every time. Service is usually pretty good so I couldn't find a reason to not give 5 stars. Enjoy!
Granted we dined here at 10pm on a Saturday, but it was so disappointing! We were so excited to try this place. Service was very slow even though they weren't busy, the onion soup was very bland, and the burger was undercooked and bread was soggy. Didn't eat most of the soup and only ate half of the burger :(
I've wanted to try this restaurant ever since I first heard about their fresh from the farm concept.  I appreciate restaurants that value local farmers and create a connection between farm to table dining. We had stopped by The Rusty Spoon a couple of times.  Our first visit in the fall I was wowed when we walked in.  The space is lovely with a simplistic feel about it.  The pictures on the walls are beautiful and make the restaurant.  The natural clean look adds to the ambiance. That night we wanted to sit at the bar and get some drinks and light eats. We had friendly conversations with the bartender.  We got a couple of craft beers and ordered some appetizers; The Stuffed Eggs and the Butchers Plate.  We enjoyed them both, though the Butcher's Plate was a bit pricy at $16 for what you got.  I'm a sucker for sweets and when I saw a S'more dish on the dessert I menu I was excited.  While the dish was good it came out a bit too cold, as if it had been frozen and not left to thaw completely. Though we enjoyed our dining experience, I left a tad disappointed.  The atmosphere and service were wonderful, but the value in the Butcher's Plate and the chilled dessert kind of took the wind out of my sails. I knew I wasn't going to give up on The Rusty Spoon.  A group of us had been talking about getting together for drinks and appetizers, I thought going back and giving the Rusty Spoon would be a great opportunity to give it another go. I'm so glad we did. Our group of six took advantage of their Thirsty Thursday menu where for $15 you can get unlimited craft beer, decent wines and select well drinks. Not only do you get free flowing drinks from 5:00pm-7:00pm, your $15 also includes a tasting menu.   The tasty menu changes weekly due to the fresh ingredients available, but you will get a Snack, Savory and a Sweet. Our table agreed the menu was delicious. I could have licked the dish my "Blondie" came in; a dessert delight.  The tasting menu is a decent size, but our group found that we were enjoying the beers a bit and needed a little extra eats.  My husband and I ordered the Stuffed Eggs, and just as before we found them to be delicious.  I also ordered a Garden Salad with homemade vinaigrette.  The salad was fresh and light, just what I'd hoped for. We enjoyed ourselves so much we decided to make Thirsty Thursdays a monthly event.  The fresh food coming from various Central Florida farms makes a big difference in the taste. While I enjoy the delicious food, I value that connection the Rusty Spoon brings between the local famers and its customers.
Specializes in local food. We only had drinks and apps. The Cucumber Martini was amazing and almost worth the $10 price tag. They brought a complimentary sample of a hush puppy type app ~ it didn't have much taste save the sauce which tasted like Taco Bell cheese sauce to me. We ordered the current version of the Squid & Octopus which had pickled watermelon rind and was very tasty. It was early, around 6:30 so there was not many people and it was a great place for conversation.
Based on my meal, I could only give this place 3 stars and I think I'm being pretty generous. The waiter brought a complimentary plate of fried risotto that did not taste freshly fried. It clearly had been sitting out, getting to room temperature before being served. When the oysters were described to me, it sounded delicious: 6 oysters, 3 of them were fried and then returned to their shells. Again, the dish was delivered at room temperature. I then had the "Lake Meadow" salad which was fine but I wouldn't order it again. I've had better portioned, better flavored salads at Seasons 52 and 903 Mills. Unfortunately, I also had an issue with the waiter who was a good server for the most part but had a tendency to tease me. I'm not sure if this was his version of flirting or being friendly but jokingly saying "No" when I requested something wasn't really cute and felt out of place. I know you're trying to be cute, guy, but leave it in the schoolyard next time. Later, my friend asked for honey mustard for her burger and the waiter said he would ask. 15 minutes later he tells us this elaborate story about how he asked the manager who apparently forgot. So, you're telling us that you had to ask a manager for honey mustard (as opposed to the chef?) didn't follow up and you're blaming your manager for forgetting? Then he remarked that maaaaybe he could find some honey and mustard and mix the two. Gee, thanks. I was super jealous of my friend's The "55" burger that I tried a bite of. It was absolutely incredible - properly cooked at medium and it was actually hot! The flavor was amazing! Based on this experience, I won't be running back any time soon but I did think the "55" burger is worth another go and I'll definitely order that next time.
I didn't really know what to expect from this restaurant when I walked in, there is a lot of open space and no real design theme (I don't know why a nicely designed restaurant is so important to me).  It was suggested by the friends I met for dinner so I reserved my knee-jerk opinion.   Food:  5/5  Everything I tried was amazing.  I love southern cuisine, the Rusty Spoon puts a modern twist on classic dishes.  The Sweet Potato soup had a bit of spice, a thick consistency and wasn't overly salty.  I had their feature Pork dish for my entree and I cleaned the plate.  My friends both enjoyed their entrees too. Beverage: 3/5  Their wine list needs work, I would stick with the cocktails. Service: 5/5  I always believe that servers and like refs in a sports game; the better they are the less you notice them.  I couldn't pick out our server in a line-up he was that good.  We always had everything we needed and he let my friends and I enjoy each others company. Atmosphere: 4/5  I was clean, just a bit on the plain side.  I like restaurants with character (Like Prato in Winter Park). Summery:  We go to restaurants to eat and enjoy the food and the company you're with.  We don't go to stare at the paintings on the walls or admire the unique cocktail glasses.  In a city that struggles to produce great non-chain restaurants, The Rusty Spoon stands out as the destination for creative southern cuisine.
Last week, I fell in love with a steak. Thank you to the Rusty Spoon for one of the BEST meals my husband and I have had in a long time.  We went here for my husband's birthday and absolutely loved it.  The food was excellent - from the appetizer to the dessert.  The service was great and the atmosphere was nice. For an appetizer, we had the squid and octopus salad.  I was a little hesitant to try it, but I am glad I did.  The squid and octopus was sliced into thin little pieces, which looked like some type of whitefish more than what it really was.  It was tender, flavorful, and basically delicious.  It was tossed with greens and these huge lima beans that were fabulous.   For my meal I had a cocoa-rubbed "culotte" steak - which is basically a type of sirloin.  It was AMAZING!  My hubs had their Fall lasagna, which was stuffed with butternut squash and other delicious veggies.  Both were soooo good. The dessert was homemade donuts, stuffed with fresh jam.  These were surprisingly good, light, and not greasy.  They were dusted with powdered sugar, and the sweetness complemented the tart jam inside. The fun thing about the Rusty Spoon is that the menu changes every few weeks or so.  So every time you go, you know it's going to be a new experience.  The other thing I loved at this place was that you can tell that they care about the food they are serving.  Everything is local, fresh, and selected by the head chef.  I LOVE restaurants like that. So, all that being said - I am a HUGE fan of the Rusty Spoon and I can't wait til the next time I can go back.
Alright alright! This place isn't too shabby at all!  It's been a long time coming for me to check The Rusty Spoon out, mainly bc it took a long time to convince my better half that we NEED to try it out, and the fact that when i "explain" what a gastropub is, i sound like a gastro-jackass.  Seriously, can someone tell me how I can explain what a gastropub entails in one/two sentences for me?! I know what they have. I know i like them, but my God, i can't explain the concept at all. OK, time to review The atmosphere is simplistic, neutral in my eyes, nothing added, nothing lost with the style.  The bartender, i think Jesse, was real cool dude and very helpful and friendly. He made sitting at the bar enjoyable. We split beef carpaccio for starter. Oh yea....it was GOOOODD. So tender, just fell apart when it touched the fork. Super thin, nice olive oil and peppery flavoring. We killed it in about 3 mins, tops.  Also split the braised lamb sandwich, perfect amount of lamb flavor coming through all the other ingredients to make it taste rockin.  We had some craft beers, tried an organic pomegranate one that was fantastic.   The two real negatives I have is the fries were just ok, and as much as i wanted to love the homemade ketchup, it just didn't "wow" me, but nice change from the old Heinz. The other negative was the hostesses were so blah and made me question my choice as we walked in, and no goodbye when we left.  Call me old fashioned, but isn't your job as a hostess to greet people and then make them feel good and want to come back as they leave. 3 of them ignored us as we walked out. NOT a big deal since i can just b-line past them in the future and say hello to the friendly bar staff. I will be telling others about the newest gastropub in town....as best i can.
Preface: this review is based on my experience organizing and attending a team dinner for work.  We had a group of 24 and I began planning with Bryan almost 2 weeks prior to the event. The planning process was great; Bryan was quick at responding to my emails and we did not have to speak on the phone once. (Plus in my book since I avoid the phone at all costs whenever possible).  We did not pick a set menu-- he assured me that the chef would be prepared for our group and that they would not have any issues allowing us to order off the full menu. I arrived 10 minutes early with 4 of my coworkers and our table was set and ready for us to be seated.  We were given one long table with 12 chairs on each side, plus extras at the head just incase.. and while it was not a private dining room, there was one wall separating us from most of the dining room making the area where we were seated at least semi-private.  I didn't request this but it was very much appreciated.  We tend to be a noisy bunch, especially with a drink or two. Both servers were attentive and personable.  I ordered appetizers for the table-- the haystack fries, deviled eggs, and onion rings.  All 3 were delicious. Everyone enjoyed their drinks and dinner-- (the cucumber martini is to die for!), although I liked the sides that came with my main course more than the meat. (I ordered poussin with smashed sweet potatoes and brusselsprouts) My biggest complaint is that our main courses came out over the course of 15-20 minutes and it did take quite a while.  It made me think that perhaps I should have insisted that I wanted a set menu. Regardless, the food was great and I would definately take a large group back again.  Many of my coworkers said they would be returning with their spouses!
Great food in a great spot.  The have a farm to table concept  so the menu is small and changes depending on what can be bought local.  We started with fried oysters on the half shell with avocado and a heirloom tomato salad. We split the 55 burger that had was stuffed with bacon and grueyre. This burger was in the  top 5 I have tried in Orlando and yeah, don't forget about the haystack fries. The fries are fantastic and have 3 dipping sauces.  They also make solid drinks and have a good beer list.
Nice place, had reservations @ 7:30 however they weren't really needed. Greeted as expected and had high hopes after seeing the menu and now the restaurant. Well it went mostly downhill after that. We sat down at booth behind he bar wall and were immediately  met with small fruit flies buzzing around our faces. No bueno, so we asked the hostesss to move while swatting the flies away. That should have been the point we left, but we moved  down a few booths. Almost comically she said she would make sure it (the flies) gets taken care of.....lol. I think she did mention it to a manger as I noticed him several times standing in the distance staring at me and the table, but of course never bothered to approach and follow up.Sorry about the book on the fly situation but it's kind of gross and off putting. Well there were still flies but significantly less, at the new spot. Kevin our server had a general lack of knowledge about the cuisine and really flubbed in his descriptions of the food. He was pretty attentive and in his defense flustered since the front of house sat us and two other tables back to back in his section. Food was mediocre at best, certainly not worth 100+ for the following: Butchers choice-good Culotte steak- girlfriend like it Dirty south-( I thought it was a very odd combination, and the clams really weren't really worth putting on the plate they were so small. Fish was nice as was the shrimp.) 2 beers Juice Meringue dessert- edible(whipped cream tasted slightly like cool whip....lol) Oddly enough after Kevin inquired how everything was at the presentation of the bill, and telling him "it was ok" he then told us he was a manager at a place across the courtyard and it too had a problem with fruit flies. Also we were told the problems were from the sweetness and fruit at 55W located on the floors directly above.Really...... Man I must look stupid. Perhaps this place will get better maybe not....... Kinda feels like a copy of the ravenous pig in winter park. I think even the light bulbs are the same.
Oh my gosh, I cannot rave enough of the Rusty Spoon! I first heard of it at the downtown Beer Fest where they were giving out samples. I was a bit buzzed but I remember just enough that the food at the booth was amazing. haha Well, I finally got a chance to actually go to the restaurant and to give it a go. I went here to celebrate a friend's birthday. The ambiance of the restaurant is a bit dark, and on the Friday night that I had went, there was an acoustic guitar guy playing and singing. There were awesome photographs of piggies and cows hanging on the wall. Kind of made me sad knowing that I was eating animals after seeing how cute the photos were. I quickly got over it though once I received my meal. I ordered the burger "55" which had gueryer (sp) cheese and bacon stuffed in it while my significant other got the lamb sandwich. All of their animals had been grass fed and no preservatives were given to the animals. You can definitely tell the difference between the regular crappy burgers you normally eat versus the burgers here at the Rusty Spoon. The meat melts in your mouth while you are craving more and anticipating the next bite.  I took a bite of my boyfriends lamb sandwich thing, and I had the same reaction. The lamb was so tender with cheese (I think it was feta cheese) and some sort of jam combining to satisfy the taste buds on my tongue. With the food, I had the cucumber martini. Holy crap. I didn't know that cucumbers could taste so good in an alcoholic beverage. YUM! As you can see, I'm describing the food definitely differently than my other reviews of other restaurants. Along with the great food, service was very attentive and awesome! In a nutshell, this place is AH-MAZING! I definitely would love to go back. It was so delicious!! 5++++ stars!
The Rusty Spoon is a lovely new addition to Church Street and provides a nice, relaxing atmosphere compared to some of the nightlife found all around downtown Orlando.  Everything on the menu is provided by local farms and is made by a world renowned chef, so I'm told..  Our server was really friendly, but not as prompt as I like, but the food was wonderful!   We started with the onion rings with a stout dipping sauce.  The batter around the onion was fluffy and crunchy and had the perfect blend of spices to compliment the stout sauce.  I saw that there were doughnuts on the menu and I kind of felt like the same batter was used, which is perfect.  My main meal was the lamb sandwich with haystack fries.  The meat was super tender and absolutely delicious with the sweet relish-like topping and ricotta cheese.  We were completely stuffed after dinner and drinks ($2 train shots! Holler!) so we unfortunately did not get to try any of the desserts, that will have to wait for next time.   There will definitely be a next time.
Thirsty Thursday Happy Hour at The Rusty Spoon is no longer. They still offer a nice weekday Happy Hour of Craft beers $3, House wine $4 and $4 Wells, but as of my 1/3/2013 visit, no appetizer specials and we know it's nice to have a nosh with your festive beverages ! That was missed and I hope that the Rusty Spoon comes up with a few standard Happy Hour nosh specials. Our group of 9 had gathered to celebrate a birthday, drink some wine and enjoy a nice meal. We enjoyed a nice Happy Hour and ordered early dinner. The soup special of the day was the waterkist farm tomato soup, which was veg friendly and beyond amazing. Incredible flavor, I would kill to have this regularly. The deviled eggs were a bit too herby and chunky for me this visit, not as good as previous visits. Friends ordered the fries with the sauce trio, which were great and the onion rings, which could use another sauce to dip in besides the watery porter reduction. Dinner was ordered, everything from burgers to salads, to pasta to the dirty southern seafood stew.   The quality and preparation of the food were still great, but there were some misfires this visit. The burger wasn't cooked to temp, the seafood stew was OK- a bit blah and missing something in the flavor department. Seafood was cooked fine. I sampled the house made pasta and it was too lumpy and thick. I make pasta at home and this dough was pretty overworked. Overall, for the total on the bill after apps, drinks, soup and dinner- I'll hold off coming back for awhile. Our server was attentive and very prompt, he even brought a decadent dessert for the birthday girl. The group had a nice time, but we would have been better just sticking with apps, soup and drinks. Parking can be found under the I-4 overpass at the paylot or in the Sun Trust building. If you are parking under I-4 in the self pay lot, the train held us up and had one person getting to the meter 3 minutes after her parking slip expired, she already had a $35 parking ticket. FYI, 3 minutes- no grace period. Really. Give yourself that extra few minutes to get to your car, just in case a train comes through. They are watching.
Rusty indeed.  I don't understand how this restaurant go so many good reviews. Besides the fact that NOTHING on this menu was even close to halfway healthy, the food was not even good. We had the lamb which was more fat than meat, and a fish dish which I will be kind and say sub-par. I wasn't feeling the food at all. I think this restaurant can also benefit from more vegetarian options...But even if not, this day and age, if I am going to eat fattening meals, can they at least be worth it?? And not to mention the cost of this meal, which was one of the worst I have had in a long time... Will not return...
Finally, after living in Florida for almost 4 months, I found a place that makes an Old Fashion worth a damn. And in this case, at a bargain price for downtown. Maybe it was because I was used to San Diego's excellent bartender scene where almost every place knew how to make it very well. So when I got to Florida I tried to avoid the "gastropubs" or the overplayed prohibition-themed bars as long as I could. I shouldn't have waited. The sports bars and dive bars here are garbage for mixed drinks unless you want a Jack-n-Coke, which isn't bad, but not what I want sometimes. So needless to say, watching the bartender (Jesse) pull out brandy-macerated cherries instead of the nuclear-red Maraschino ones brought tears to my eyes. For the second drink, he even made it with Bulleit Rye bourbon (which I didn't see on the shelf, but he had it stashed out of sight). Bliss. So on to the "gastro" part of pub. I started with an Arugula salad of charred calamari steak and octopus, white Limas and preserved lemon vinaigrette. The calamari and octopus were perfectly cooked to an opaque center and the slight char added a nice layer of smokiness to it all. The ginormous white beans were perfectly cooked and had such a surprising amount of flavor that I will say it was cooked or finished off in chicken stock instead of just water. A good sign somebody cares in the kitchen. Unfortunately, the dressing on the arugula, which is made from preserved lemons, was overly salty. It was *almost* inedible, almost because I had a delicious adult beverage to drink with it, but on it's own might be too salty for some. Since you should always add salt to your salad when making it, I'm assuming the cook added a little too much not accounting for the already-salty preserved lemons. For the main, I had the braised lamb shoulder sandwich with homemade ricotta cheese that also came with a choice of the house salad, fries, or onion soup. The bartender, realizing I already had a salad recommended the onion soup. Oh boy, the onion soup. They correctly didn't list it as French Onion, as the broth was chicken based instead of beef. The broth, probably made with roasted chicken bones and then greatly reduced was soooooooo full of flavor. In a soup where the "five onions" should probably be the star of the show, it didn't have much caramelization to it which lends me to further believe the broth was made with roasted bones, also giving it a rich golden color. It did it for me. The usual suspects Gruyere cheese and crouton was there, but again, the broth made the soup, as it should. The sandwich was also deliciously executed. The lamb (probably shoulders) was braised to perfection and was moist, flavorful and hot. The homemade jam added a nice sweetness but not too much so and was cut nicely with the homemade ricotta cheese. A wonderful sandwich I can imagine myself eating in a little cafe while overlooking the Mediterranean with. As a plus, the onion soup broth made for an excellent dip for the bits of bread left over. Before I found this gem, I did a yelp search for "gastropubs" in San Diego and found over 10 PAGES of restaurants. The same search for Orlando netted 10 RESTAURANTS total. One down, 9 to go. I'll be back though.
Went to rusty spoon for our valentine's day and it was pretty empty at 730pm. I enjoy their ambience though and decorations. As for the food, my rigatoni with pork belly was good, but became salty after the 4-5th bite. The Haystack fries were good, but nothing special and the sauces that accompanied them were okay. My boyfriend got the lamb sandwich and I had a bite of that and it was definitely the better dish out of everything. Definitely get the lamb sandwich!! As for dessert, the donuts HAD WAY TOO Much peanut butter in it, I know for some people, that's a good thing, but trust me, it was like a giant scoop in each donut and there were about 8 donuts. Definitely wouldn't get this ever again. Overall, it was okay though, I like the concept, ambience, service and I do want to try their other dishes.
Thanks to Groupon I shared a three course meal, with wine, at Rusty Spoon, for $40. What a deal! How can one go wrong?? Food was very good. Service had some room for improvement. From the start our server mumbled to the point where we had to keep asking him to repeat himself. This was a Friday night, pre-Magic game, and the restaurant leaves their doors open to the street. In other words, it's LOUD in there! You would have thought he would have gotten the hint and spoken up. He was kind of blah about his job too. Almost like he was being forced to work. We started off with oysters on the half shell. The oysters were nicely steamed, albeit small, and topped with lemon butter. When we asked for crackers with the oysters we were told they don't have saltines because they make everything from scratch. Awesome! For my entree I had the pork chop topped with apple mustard, creamy grits and collards. It was all delicious and went splendidly together. I really didn't think I'd like the collards but they were perfect with the meal. For dessert we had the s'mores, my only complaint? It wasn't big enough! It was a light mousse atop a graham cracker crust topped with toasted marshmallow. Mmmm... Divine! Although we were told they validate for 2.5 hours at the Plaza garage by the time we got to our car (in under 2 hours) the lot would not take our validated ticket. Parking ended up costing us $10. I love the local ingredients concept of Rusty Spoon- it just has a few tweaks before it can earn five stars.
Upscale yet casual with great food and drinks. Our server was amazing (I regret not remembering his name.....but I'm sure my wife does). We went prior to the Eagles concert and is the perfect location to grab a bite to eat before attending any event at The Amway Center.
The reason I have not tried this place before is that I do not like going downtown at night. I teach, so summer is the time to explore. Found it very easy to park and had a wonderful lunch.  We shared the grilled octopus and squid salad and the handcut fat noodles.  Both were top chef worthy. The octopus and squid were grilled pieces in a lovely dressed rocket salad (Arugula) with water,melon and pickled peppers.  We also ordered a side salad which was simple and also nicely and lightly dressed (but had we known the the previous dish was really a salad we would not have ordered it.)  The ragu on the noodles was a mix of ribeye, tenderloin and pork with just the right amount of sauce to bind it. We ordered the half portion and were satisfied. I liked that it was not do heavy. Service was attentive and knowledgeable. The prices were proportionate to the quality of lunch served and we will return. The 55 burger is calling our name.
Had a great burger while i was down here for work. I'd definitely go back when i have a chance. Sat at the bar and everyone was very helpful and friendly. Miss this place when i'm stuck in Chicago in the winter. It's in a great location by all the nightlife in down Orlando. I tried some of the other food another night and have to say it did not disappoint. Keep up the good work!
in town for business and this restaurant came recommended by a co-worker. i gave this restaurant 5 stars because the food from the appetizer to the entree to the dessert was excellent.  I had the fresh flounder asian style with argula that was perfectly  grilled and the seasoning and flavor of the entree was wonderful. Go for their signature dessert, a chocolate smore with marshmellows on top, so delicious!
It was really a 3.5 experience , but when in doubt just round up! ;) So I was on a festive mood since we were celebrating my birthday, and nothing could go wrong. My reaction to the establishment was pleasant and at awe for how large it was. I do have to admit, however, that those farm animal pictures spooked me a bit. I get the whole organic and pain free vibe, but it just makes me feel guilty ordering them on my dish. I commented this to BF, and he disagreed. He actually loved the pictures, and he thought it did nothing to deter him from ordering a good steak. Oh well, everyone's perception to those photos seem to be different ... Anyway... We ordered the carpaccio as an appetizer, and it was just divine! The beef, greens, cheese (Pecorino?), and bread was an explosion of happy flavors. I ordered a pasta offering they were having for that week. I don't recall the name or components of the dish. It goes to tell you how memorable it was...It was okay... But it didn't blow my socks off. It was a vegetarian offering, though. Those darn pictures got their way with me... BF's dish, on the other hand, was really really good. He ordered the coffee rubbed steak. I cheated and ate steak from his plate (in this way, I could rationalize I was not the one who ordered it lol). It was very good and came in the specific degree of cooking he wanted (Medium). The potatoes were good but nothing to marvel about. For dessert we ordered a lemon tarte, which was a masterpiece of its own. I have dreams of running away with this lemon tarte and having a happy life together lol. It was that good! It had the most exquisite crust. Nonetheless, it imitated more a cookie than a crust. Then a lemon filling was placed on top with strawberries on the side, and I was mentally transported to Eden... I'm a sucker for strawberries in desserts!!! I had a splendid time, and service was nice too. I didn't feel they were overly serviceable or they would bend their back... But I felt well taken care of.
Tried this place for the 1st time last night. Kenny is a great bartender so if you can you should sit at the bar. The food is some of the best I have had in my year+ in Orlando. I wish I was hungrier when we went. The onion soup is probably the best I have ever had, same for the deviled eggs which were amazing. Carpacio was super tender and fresh. All their ingredients are organic and purchased at farmer's market fresh that day. You really can tell they care about the food here. Cocktails were great too. Bottom line skip lunch and come here hungry and sit at the bar! Great spot!!!
Ok, I'll start by giving the one negative comment I had about my experience.  The smell in the dining area was not appealing.  I'm not sure what was going on that night but whew, it smelled bad.  I've been here several times and that's the first time I've noticed a smell so I'll assume it was a one time thing.   So now that that is over, I'll say this place has amazing food.  My friend and I opted to order several items to split between us.  We got the Haystack (delicious shoe string fries with truffle oil and 3 of their house-made sauces.....not ashamed to admit we polished this one off with ease), the Charred Squid Steak and Octopus (oh mother may I!  Yum) and the Steak (I can't find it on the menu so it must have been a special...Amazing none-the-less).   Also, I'd suggest trying the Grown up S'more if you're obsessed with the delicious combination of graham cracker, chocolate and marshmallow like I am.  Totally nom-worthy.
I found this restaurant through Yelp. I ordered the Lamb Shank, as it's not the type of thing I would try at home. The lamb was fork tender, to the point where I was having difficulty picking up the meat. The glaze and tangerine went very well with the lamb. However, as a whole, the plate was a one-note wonder. It came with rice and broccoli, but the balance between the three was far too meat-heavy. The waiter was knowledgeable, and was able to suggest a nice malbec which I found paired nicely with the lamb. For dessert, I order the house made donuts: five little (2" x 2") donuts that were freshly made, filled with a banana puree / cream and dusted with sugar. Along with this was a chocolate sauce for dipping. While I left full (with leftovers), I left feeling I was missing something. (If you're a stickler for proper tea, don't bother wasting your $5.)
After strolling by a couple times on our regular walks down Church Street and peering curiously at the brief but cryptically worded menu, a Groupon prompted us to finally give it a try. I'm so glad we bought that Groupon! All around, our experience was excellent. The food was high-quality and each dish had its own unique flair. I sipped on a refreshing Crisp Cucumber martini as we munched on the perfect onion rings with delicious Guinness sauce and the haystack fries with 3 homemade sauces, all equally tasty. The homemade pasta and cocoa-rubbed steak were both delicious and appropriately portioned. Our dessert, an "adult s'more," was an elegantly executed, fire-torched take on the childhood favorite. The atmosphere was elegant but casual, with a musician whose voice sounds just like the guy from the Goo Goo Dolls playing near the entrance. Our server, Tim, was so enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the menu and super attentive. We had such a great time that we've been back for two more excellent experiences in the last month. The prices are not bad for the quality, and I love how most of the food is locally sourced.
We went here for lunch during the week.  There were 8 of us and we were in and out within just over an hour.  The service was great and attentive.  Quick, but not pushy.  None of us had been here before, so our server took a moment to go over the basics of the menu and the philosophy behind the food - it was good information. I, and half the table, went with the porktown sandwich.  Bacon, ham, cheese, pumpernickel (and a surprise piece of bread in the middle to hold it all together!).  It was delicious.  Savory and the right amount of meat.  The haystack was fantastic.  Shoestring french fries with parmesan cheese and....dried basil?  (I forget) sprinkled on top, served with I think some sort of a bloody mary sauce - think mild ketchup.  They were a nice alternative to fries. Everyone was happy with their food, and the overall atmosphere.  I'm sure I'll be back!
Maybe I'm missing something, here, but I have yet to be impressed with this place. First off, it's in the heart of downtown, where I work, so I've only gone for lunch, but after two visits, I'm not looking to go back. I had really high hopes, since they use only locally sourced food, but it fell short of my expectations both times. First, the service is sloooooooooooowwww....... When people come here for lunch, they are usually on a one hour break, and for the service to take 30 minutes just to get a drink (never mind still needing to place an order or get the food and actually eat it!), it just isn't gonna work. To make matters worse, they weren't even busy!! Now on to the food. I had the lamb sandwich. I like lamb. Dare I say, I actually love lamb, but this was not good. It was palatable, but nothing I would order again. The second time I had a salad, and the lettuce was wilted. Neither item was worth the price. Skip the Spoon and head to Urban Flats (right next to it). Good food, and better service.
Okay Orlando!  Now you are talking!  The Rusty Spoon should go on anyones list who is looking for a great meal in a contemporary, casual environment! Located right downtown, this gastropub does it right, from the great martinis poured at the bar, to the daily changing chacuterie and fresh oysters, to the vegetables of the day that, on the day I was there, were the best tasting heirloom tomatoes I have ever had! We went on a Sunday night and the place was pretty empty.  But I also learned from the owner, William, that on Tuesday nights, they have half priced bottles of wine (go as their wine list is quite good and save yourself some bucks!) We had a fairly large group so we got to taste a wide range of products on the menu. For starters?  Try the octopus/squid salad with potatoes and pancetta.  Or "Rusty's rings" which are huge onion rings lightly breaded and sprinkled with powdered sugar (yes, I said sugar!)   Or the beef carpaccio sliced so thinly that you can see the plate through it.  Or splurge and go for the fries.  These thinly sliced potatoes are served with 3 house made sauces (ketchup, BBQ and aioli)  and were so good- we ordered them along with dinner too! As for entrees, I went with the fish special of the day which was Red Grouper server with a risotto cake that was absolutely delicious with it's crispy skin.  Other favorites of the evening were the fish and chips, the deconstructed lasagna, and the "dirty south" seafood stew (I think that was the name of it!) Service was spot on (thanks, John) and we were checked in on often by the owner who wanted to make sure our evening was going well.  And thanks to the great team here, it was! If you drive- there is a parking garage across the street ($7) or you can probably find street parking in the area. My only regret?  That I am not in town long enough to go back for another great dinner!  But you can bet I will when I return!
Not bad,... not bad at all!! Our apps consisted of the charcuterie, darn good.  And the Octopus with watermelon,... now that was absolutely FANTASTIC!   I had the Dirty South,... love seafood,... loved this dish! and hubby had the the lamb sandwich (handheld) wich was yummy too! Dessert was the s'mores,... a little too sweet for my tastes but not for hubby. The atmosphere was on the upscale side, the service was awesome, with the owners coming to check on you and everyone pitching in.  Can't wait for them to switch up the menu to try something different next time! Don't hesitate,... just GO! ;-)
The Rusty Spoon offers THIRSTY THURSDAYS from 4:30-7pm. Included is a Three course dega menu which will change for every Thirsty Thursday, aslo included is all you can drink Drafts or Wine till 7pm all for a beauriful $15. Our Dega menu was fantastic this week: Grilled Peppers (can't remember the type) slightly charred served with Sauteed Zellwood's Cut Corn.   Seasoned Pulled Chicken with Stewed Tomato Ragu, Black Bean Cake, and a crema drizzle  (couldn't get enough of this dish) and a Homemade Dutch Cocoa Waffer Ice Cream Sandwich.  (Pairs great with the Cabernet) Four Stars on the Dega Menu so far.   we erred when I ordered a few more apps for the table. The Rusty Spoons Onion Rings, Stuffed Eggs and the Carpaccio. All three of us very much dislike the Powdered Sugar on the Onion rings.  The Tempura batter came off more like a savory doughnut with an onion in it more than it did like an onion ring as intended.  The Powdered Sugar idea was a poor call.  The Stout Balsamic Sauce was too thin and we couldn't pick much flavor off of it. If your still want the onion rings after reading this, order em with out the Powdered Sugar The Stuffed Eggs were fine by me but not a big hit with my too companions.  A bit too herbacious for thier pallates.  Personally I liked them they were topped with sundried tomato, sprinkle of sea salt and a squeeze of lime. The Carpaccio was well received by my companions but a little flat in flavor for me.  I wanted a bit more Salt, Pepper, Olive Oil.  I would have added some cheese like Gorgonzola, or Feta and maybe some Roasted Garlic if it were my dish to kick it up a bit.  I see the chef chose to keep it simple and fresh, which is fine but nothing amazing. So The Onion Rings were a big miss, the Deviled Eggs were a slight miss, and the Carpaccio was just ok, but very fresh and delicate. Two Stars for the Apps.  Three to Four Stars for the Service and Menu/Product Knowledge.   Overall grade Three Stars for this visit.  I'd hit them up again just for the Thirsty Thursday Dega Menu alone.
I really wanted to give this place a 3.5. I took a very large party here for a birthday dinner. The biggest pro was the service, it was top notch. From the hostess to the server to the manager everyone was great. The food on the other hand was nothing spectacular. I had the french onion soup to start out with and it came out cold. They quickly corrected it, but i think it then made the rest of our food overcooked. For dinner, I tired the Lake Meadow Young Poussin which I don't know if it was just me, but I did not like the flavor. My fiancé tried the steak with cocoa rub and it was cold, another miss. I heard my friend at the end of the table loved her burger. My other friend ordered the lamb and said it was overcooked. I tired some of the "Dirty South" and thought it was good. For dessert, we were brought an amazing Grown-Up S'More - Graham Cracker, Milk Chocolate, Marshmallow. Drinks wise, Rusty does a great Cucumber Martini. The wine selection is decent and the server knew what to pair with what. Who knows, I don't want to be too hard on this place, maybe it was an off night.
While on vacation in Orlando this past Memorial Day weekend with friends, we were directed by another friend who is a local, that we had to try The Rusty Spoon. Of course, we were on a food tour the whole weekend and welcomed any suggestions for outstanding Gastro Pubs. First, I'd like to say, WE ATE LIKE PIGS. We started off with the Onion Rings and Haystack Fries with homemade sauces (ketchup, BBQ, and their own mustard aioli) and we decided we are already off to a good start. Pretty delicious.   Shortly after, one of us ordered the Chef's Board for all to try, which consisted of a Scotch Duck Egg wrapped in chorizo, fatback baked fingerling potatoes AND the table favorite item of the night THE MOST AMAZING PORK RILLETTE EVER. No seriously, it was like pork butter, that widened everyone's eyes at first taste. That should be a permanent staple on their menu. For my meal, I ordered the burger stuffed with Gruyere and bacon. Holy crap, delicious. Needles to say I added pork butter to the last few bites of that, and it just sent that burger over the top in the most incredible way. I chose the Vidalia onion soup as my side and in comparison to everything else I had already consumed it was slightly underwhelming (everyone at the table seemed to agree with this). No biggie, though! My boyfriend ordered the lamb shank. I don't like lamb. It was so delicious and cooked perfectly. It literally fell off of the bone. We finished off each ordering different desserts. We tried the Adult S'mores, Blueberry Crisp, and I ordered the Donuts ( flavor of the day was banana dough with homemade chocolate hazelnut filling ). Those donuts were phenomenal. The blueberry crisp was also fresh, warm and equally as delicious. The Adult S'mores were good, but not AS good as the other two. The Rusty Spoon is definitely for people that have an open and developed palette and know the meaning of gastro pub. Oh yea, our server was awesome. Wish I caught his name. He steered us in the right direction, was helpful and knowledgeable.
I was soooo excited for the addition of The Rusty Spoon to downtown Orlando.  Stopped by for lunch today to try the Croque Monsieur - honestly, I stopped reading the menu once I saw this on the menu because it is one of my favorite sandwiches. The Rusty Spoon's croque monsieur made me a very sad, hungry panda.  =(  The sandwich was made with dry slices of brownish pork instead of delicious country ham as stated on the menu.  I would've been happy w/ regular old ham - just not bad, dried out pork.  The sandwich was also very hard to eat because the sauce was placed on top and below the sandwich. When I told my waitress about the weird 'ham' she just told me that everything is made in house - including the ham.  Honestly, I didn't know what to say to that.  Is it better or worse that they made the ham themselves? I'll probably give The Rusty Spoon one more try because I love the concept of the restaurant - they just need to execute better. Update:  I also emailed the restaurant my review and have not heard back.  Not a peep from the management.  =(
2nd time tried to dinner here...both times no go. I guess you do need reservations. Oh well, plan B...German fare just q few doors down. Their loss our gain.
Way to overpriced for what you're getting. Portion sizes are quite small, believe the menu item names is what you're paying for. Yes alot of the ingredients you might not find in other restaurant menus, but in reality those items don't cost $20-$30. Atmosphere was nice, with pictures of farm animals around the area. Spent almost $200 that night with friends, 8 martini's (only thing that was good, cost $8/martini though), burger was $15, regular pasta was $20, and some grouper special was around $30. I've been to many high end restaurants, but this isen't one that matched the bill. Nice to try it once, but woulden't come here again!
We went to this restaurant to celebrate my son graduation from FAMU Law school and we had a group of about 25. The service was very good. I really enjoyed the French Onion soup and the dessert plate which included the S'more pie. Both were excellent. I gave only 3 stars because I ordered the Hen and it was very un-appetizing looking and when I cut into the meat it was bloody at the bone. I advised the waitress and she proceeded to tell that the meat of these hens tend to be pink. I can understand the color of the meat but not blood at the bone, which can be a health hazard. Luckily I wasn't very hungry so I took it home and cooked it through. I'll might try the place again and just stay away from the poultry.
The reviews have been mixed, so we decided to give this place a try for drinks and appetizers instead of committing to a full meal. We sat at the bar and ordered some red wine by the glass (props for the stemless wine glasses), the larger of the butchers' choice charcuterie plates, and the stuffed eggs. An amuse arrived within a few minutes, an eggplant/sausage dip with some house-made sweet potato chips for dipping. The chips were okay - being sweet potato made them a little more interesting. The dip was very much on the sweet side. I like eggplant, no reason to mask it. It wasn't a long wait for the butcher's choice and the eggs, either. The former included three different goodies: duck prosciutto, lamb confit and sausage balls encased in tiny gourds. Not a huge portion for the price ($16, I think) but it was all good. The duck prosciutto was my favorite, thinly sliced and with a good chunk of fat on it (mmm). The eggs were a decent portion (six halves for $6), lightly seasoned with tapenade and topped with a sliver of sundried tomato. Also not bad but for my palate they need a slight kick. One of these days I will start carrying around my own sriracha. Re: the ambience, I like the decor (definitely "inspired" by Ravenous Pig, and there were no fruit flies on my visit). I knew from Colleen's review that there was a tv at the bar (ugh) but last night it was tuned to the Heat/Bulls game (double ugh) and, I mean - I love a boisterous gastropub, but guys yelling s-bombs at a television isn't what I have in mind when I'm ordering charcuterie and pinot noir. Way to crack my monocle, y'all :P
5 stars all the way. Simply one of the best meals we have ever had, especially in Orlando.  My bf and I were stoked to try the place, as we had recently purchased a Groupon coupon for here. We had reservations lined up for 7:30 on a Saturday night, which we were slightly late for due to trouble parking (there was some event going on at Amway that we weren't anticipating.) But, no big deal, we were seated almost immediately once we arrived. I recommend reservations as the people in front of us were given a 20-25 minute wait and the bar was packed. The decor was lovely, but I'm not so sure about the large photos of the animals on the wall. I felt a little guilty eating and looking at the photos at the same time. People wise, it was a pleasant mix of all different ages, all dressed from casual to a night on the town. I did not see any children. We were seated at a quaint little table near the window and were able to get a great view of the place. Once the local musician began his set, the place got pretty loud!   Our server was fantastic. He was enthusiastic about the menu, described the specials very well and provided just the right amount of service. With our Groupon coupon, our waiter explained what all we could choose from, the cap on the entree (Up to $XX for each entree), etc.  Honestly, we could pretty much pick anything, and if we went over the amount, we just paid the difference. Kudos to the waiter for explaining all this so there were no surprises when we got our check! To drink, we both chose a local, Orlando brewed beer-it was a brown ale and very good. I had no idea Orlando made local beer and it was that good- something I need to research more!  For an appetizer, we split the Rusty Rings-yummm.  These were deep fried, delicious and an ample portion for two.   For the main course, my boyfriend had the chicken schnitzel, which came with potatoes and red cabbage~perfect for October. I went with the grilled culotte steak-wow! Not what I was expecting at all, but 100 times better! The steak is in a salad bed, thinly sliced and the flavors of the steak practically melts in your mouth. The cheesy croutons are to die for. We both sampled each others and were in Heaven. For dessert, our waiter recommended the S'more and we were sold. It was delicious-and cold- a nice spin on the classic. Overall, we were thrilled with this place! So glad we had an opportunity to try this place and we will definitely be back to sample their lunch menu. PS- park in the Plaza (where the movie theatre is~ the Rusty Spoon validates for the 1st two hours. Parking was $10 everywhere that night due to an event, so we only paid $2.50)
I ate the fish and chips here --and it was the best fish and chips I've ever had. The fish was fresh, the crust flaky and the meal was light instead of oily. We had the chips (fries) to start off the meal, and the fries came with three dipping sauces, each delicious and salty. I left stuffed but not disgusted with myself. I feel like this place is a hidden gem. The inside was modern and included lots of floor-to-ceiling windows. The photos of bovine and pigs were a little strange (I mean, heck, I'm sitting there munching on my meaty meal), but the service was great. I wish there were more vegetarian options, and the entrees run from about $10 to $20, but otherwise, there was nothing I could complain about. A great space for dates or larger parties alike. And the location is great --in the heart of downtown Orlando.
It's kind of strange to see a gastropub smack-dab in the middle of downtown Orlando, but I thought it was worth a try before I ran out for a meeting one day. I went in by myself and ordered a Croquet Monisueir (yeah, and I'm aware that I'm not spelling that right). Anyway, the server was nice and explained what exactly a gastropub was, along with some of  their featured menu items. Since I was in a rush, I thought the grilled cheese (with a fancy-pants name) would be a good first dish to try. The sandwich was great, but not something you'd eat with your hands. It was full of ham and pork, and a bit of dijon. There was a creamy white cheese sauce poured over the sandwich that was delicious, but most likely super-fattening. It came with haystack fries and a homemade ketchup (or catsup, if you'd prefer). The ketchup was very sweet an good, but can I get a little Heinz?? I'm all about the 57 flavors. Overall, the service was nice and timely, which was good because there wasn't a big crowd. The server was helpful, but it was weird eating in an empty place. They definitely need some help with marketing the place, that's for sure.
Came with my fiancee; no wait, food was prompt and excellent (we had the stuffed eggs, carrot soup and fish n chips). Somewhat unusual flavors but that's our thing so no complaints - the homemade ketchup is more like a garlic tomato sauce, for example. Good selection of craft beers, though not a specialty spot like Blank Space or Frank n Steins. At least for lunch on a Saturday, I'd say it's sorted the complaints from early reviews. I'll come back, and I'm a 'foodie'.
Had an impromptu dinner last night at the Rusty Spoon.  Upon arriving without a reservation and taking in the happy scene and lovely bar, we asked for a quiet space.  The hostess offered us a perfect booth, where we were able to have converstation and yet feel a part of the festive atmosphere throughout the space - there were many large groups of happy diners. I've rounded up my  3.5 rating because of the service (Paul), the hostess, the manager, the extensive beer list for my beer loving husband, and the french fries! The haystack fries and the 3 sauces simply perfect!  The fries were fresh, hot and perfectly seasoned.  The "ketchup" had a subtle basil flavor  which was unique and very tasty. My husband had the oninon soup which was his favorite dish of the night. Well seasoned and light - no globby cheese - just good flavor. The beet salad was a miss and the pasta dish was good but a bit light for our tastes. Pretty sure the pasta was fresh and home made. I love that Orlando has a place like this.  The ingredients are fresh and the dishes uniuque without being over the top with a zillion ingredients.  The space is lovely and the bar looked like a fun place. They validate parking for a garage on Orange Ave - which is a big plus if you are not accustomed to dining downtown. Orlando needs places like this! Check it out!
Bottom line - creative menu really sets this place apart from some of the other downtown restaurants. Right off the bat, its hard not to like the overall atmosphere of  The Rusty Spoon.  From the lighting to the tables to the literally curved spoons used as napkin holders, it is easy to see that a lot of time and effort was spent into crafting this place.  Overall, this place is solid for casual and more upscale outings. The food itself was very tasty.  The Rusty Spoon offers a nice mix of traditional dishes with their own personal spin.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive. My main gripe is that it took a while for us to get our food.  Certainly over 20 minutes and the restaurant wasn't that crowded.  The wait time wasn't awful, but it was a definitely on the slow side. Overall, I still give this place my recommendation.
Had the "55" (their burger) which had really great flavor but the meat had squishy bacon inside it which I wasn't a fan of, but overall a yummy burger. And for $14 you also got a side. I had the Shittin Onion soup which was sooooooo delicious! I would go back just for that! The table also had the Gouloush which was fairly spicy but great flavor. The Cesar salad was weird...large pieces of uncut romaine. The s'more was interesting. I didn't expect it to be cold but it was still good. The service was good.
the o rings are a must! Our love for The Rusty Spoon blossomed after the first time we ever went there when they unselfishly put themselves on Groupon. We had bought two Groupon's, one for dinner and one for lunch. The first time we ever went there was for dinner and from what I remembered it was delicious. The ambiance was great for a date night and it just has that great American gastropub feel with the dark furniture, and artistically photographs of farm animals. That was awhile ago so I'll focus on our lunch for this review. From the menu selection, we chose to order O-rings, fish and chips with onion soup, and the grass fed burger with onion soup. The O-rings are o my gosh one of the better onion rings I've had for a long long time. Do you really hate it when you bite into a onion ring and then the onion gets pulled out and now you're left with a batter with no onion???? Well my friend, none of that here. The onion rings come out hot and sprinkled with powdered sugar. It is crispy, crunch but not overly greasy. It has the sweetness from the vidalia onion but also from the powder sugar, which surprisingly doesn't make it taste like a dessert, just the right am out of sweetness. Next came the burger and the fish and chips with onion soup. The shittonion soup was what you expect. Basically a french onion soup, none the less.. very flavorful and not overly salty as what you find some other places, and indeed has a lot of onion flavor. I can only comment on the fish since I exchanged the chips for onion soup. The fish was flaky, not the usual cod because the restaurant is more oriented toward local and sustainable community when they designed their menu. The batter was airy and crunchy, but slightly greasy. Their tartar sauce is homemade but nothing too special. The grass fed burger was also what we expected. Juicy and not dry. I liked how they use something like a brioche bun instead of the traditional bun. It made it a little sweet. I think our server was good. He checked on us and did what he was suppose to do. I can't wait to go back....even if there was no Groupon.
Everything I've had here has been delicious. The 55 burger, the Thirsty Thursday tapas, various apps.  They also did a fine job catering an event I attended - pulled pork sliders, a fried fish slider, cheeses, almonds. Definitely go for Thirsty Thurs. - can't beat that deal ($15 - 3 course tapas and AYCD). The well is Jim Beam, some crafts are in the HH list and it includes 2 wines. Money!
Still rock solid and super friendly/cool and well decorated.  So comfortable.  THIS is what a farm-to-table gastropub should always be.  The bartender Kenny is THE MAN!  So awesome that guy is!  I'm flying solo this weekend and hit up the nearby movie theater, then headed over here (it's been a while).  Patriots were playing (did you see that play at :05 seconds left?).  Anyways, Kenny just kept the conversation (he's a fellow Bostonian) and as people strolled in I realized this was kinda like Cheers in that everyone knew everyone.  It didn't take long to get incorporated into the crowd and I met a TON of people tonight, all super friendly and chatty.  And tons of Patriot fans which made it even better (including Kenny).  The food is awesome as it has always been - and really off the wall creative.  I really love this place.  Kenny - GO SOX!  :)  And you dear readers - GO HERE!  A+++
They have a great fish and chips, love their onion rings and the special sauce that comes with it, always like their deviled eggs, has a nice bar area to sit at, and anything I've ever eaten entree wise here as been great!
Very LA-esque aesthetic. Wide open spaces, rustic wooden table tops and exposed pipes ceiling. Once entering  through the doors, I immediately sensed the air of upper class it exudes. Granted, I went during work week lunch hour so it was filled to the brim with local execs and stay at home moms. Our waiter was very attentive and never let my water glass get halfway full. I ordered the Bauk-Bauk chicken salad sammie and was very satisfied. The chicken salad was made with a Tzatziki yogurt sauce that reminded me of a delicious gyro. It was between two warm slices of Morrocan bread that resembles Indian Naan. I ordered Haystack fries as my side and the sweet Ketchup was delish! My fiance ordered the 55 burger with a side salad and proclaimed it was "one of the best burgers he's tasted in Orlando" their homemade pickles were the icing to the already delicious burger. will surely try to make it out for their Thirsty Thurs because it sounds like an awesome deal.
Really liked this place. Location: Great; especially if you're hittin' a concert; though, unless you'rr into the bar scene, you may want to get out of there by 11 Staff: Very helpful, knowledgeable about the food; our waiter's explanation of the specials made me feel like Pavlov's Dog. Wine: Great selection of higher end wines; I reconnected with one of my most favorite Cabs, from Mount Veeder...yummy! Food: FRO; following a "Farm to Fork" model, most of it is locally sourced, hence seasonal.  I had the Butcher's Board, a Coffee infused Rib-eye, followed by a Grown Up S'More.  BTW, FRO means Food Related Orgasm. Price:  Medium to high, but WELL worth it! Would I change anything? My only recommendation is that they consider some element of eating area decoration that softens the feel.  Can't quite put my finger on what it needs. Highly Recommended.
I've been for lunch twice now, and I'll continue going, occasionally.   During my first trip, three of us had lunch.  Every plate came out wrong- wrong soups, wrong sides, wrong entree.  The waiter dropped our food and split before we could let him know he'd gotten it wrong.  We waved down a busser, who said he'd get it sorted, and 10 minutes later, someone other than our waiter appeared, and immediately got the orders straightened out.  Our waiter popped over shortly thereafter to make sure everything was fine. That negative aside, this place has a ton of potential.  I love the open, uncrowded feel of the dining room.  It is bright and tastefully decorated, with big windows around 2/3 of the space. On my first trip, I had the lamb sandwich and the unfortnuately named Shitanonion Soup.  Seriously?  If that's the variety of onion you're using, find a new name for the soup. I don't think you could make up a more unappealing name for a dish.  Both the soup and the sandwich were delicious.  The braised lamb was well seasoned and had great texture complemented by some really nice cheese- feta?- in the sandwich.  The soup wasn't too heavy- unlike traditional french onion with a layer of cheese and crouton baked over the top, this had a slice of baguette with just a little cheese. What brought me back was seeing the other food come out- I had to try their club sandwich.  Bacon, some really fantastic heirloom tomatoes, and salty ham, with a great mustard.  This was a top-quality sandwich.  The soup this time around was a tomato-basil.  It was simply and tasty and the tomatoes they used really sang- not overpowered by basil. Despite an initially poor bit of service, I'll keep going back.  The food is excellent and I appreciate their ability to keep things simple by letting ingredients speak for themselves.  I haven't been to dinner yet, and I haven't tried desserts- but I look forward to it.
My favorite for casual fare and unique libations in Orlando. Cheers!
Went there for a quick break on a weekend and had such a delicious and wonderful time. Sitting at the bar, our wonderful server Kat recommended the olive crackers with the onion dip and the "Haystack" - Shoestring Potatoes with three sauces. Both were divine! One of the sauces is a homemade ketchup which was much tastier than anything Heinz puts out, the other a tasty barbeque sauce. Plus they sprinkle some cheese on top of the fries.. luscious! The fries were just $5! So worth it for the flavors. I recommend you visit Rusty for the food and the wonderful service given - ask for Kat, she's an amazing server!
Service was slow, but they had 2, 20 tops, so it's understandable. This is the area The Rusty Spoon needs to improve. Drinks: I had The Kentucky Red cocktail, excellent, and another one with gin that was also excellent, for $10 a pop they are worth it if you want a fine crafted cocktail that you wouldn't be able to make at home. Food: Nothing could have been better in this area, I tried all the plates at my 4 top, and would order any of them again. The duck breast with vegetable hash is in my top 5 meals I've ever had. Atmosphere: Felt less homey due to the one open, large space. Also it was fairly noisy because of the echo, but the lighting was nice and the table and plates were a good choice. Would come back any time I am in Orlando.
After reading about The Rusty Spoon in a local magazine, I was excited to try this out.  We thought it would be crowded, so we went around 6 last Saturday.  There were plenty of tables. The space is nice and open, but for some reason, I was expecting the decor to be more reflective of the southern slant which fills their menu.  We were promptly greeted, and the service throughout the night was excellent. The drink menu was on point, with a lot of my favorite micro brews, and some interesting wines which my wife was curious to try.  We will be coming back to try some of their cocktails, which all sounded good, with many made with St. Germane.  We'll definitely be back for drinks. The food menu looked pretty awesome, and I had a hard time deciding between a sandwich and a proper dinner.  I opted for dinner, and went with the bistro steak, which came with black eyed peas, greens, and fried okra.  My steak was good, but a little over seasoned.  I also ordered it medium, and it came out medium rare.  The sides though were excellent, with the okra being non-sticky and the greens well seasoned. With the food being under whelming on my first visit, I definitely want to return for one of the sandwiches and a cocktail.
Nice atmosphere but didn't like any of the food we ordered. We got the dirty south fish entree which was bland and flavorless. Followed by the adult smore which was cold and i was just not satisfied.
What a fantastic experience. Our waiter Brandon was top notch - attentive but also efficient and unobtrusive. The atmosphere was also so inviting - comfortable but not pretentious. The food was out of this world! We had the butcher block plate  - pork belly, duck and amazing soft deviled eggs. We had this two beet salad as well which was heavenly. Then as a main course, my husband loved the goulash and I enjoyed the clams in butter with a side of amazing homemade fries. The cocktails were also spectacular. We can't wait to come back.
So happy we found this place one night while going to a concert Downtown, Orlando. We started with a glass of wine and a root beer, beer! Then we went to the Haystack fries as an app (love the 3 dipping sauces). My husband got the "55" burger and I got the Crudite salad with pears, goat cheese and walnuts as entrees. Everything we got here was delicious!! We don't have many restaurants where we can't wait to go back, especially living about 20-30 minutes away but this drive is totally worth it! From the time you walk in until the time you leave you are impressed with the service, food, ambiance and little details (the overalls the cooks where, the bent spoon as the napkin ring holder, the local photography) that they put into this restaurant!
We were skeptical after reading some of the reviews. I think they have worked through most of the opening kinks that many people mentioned previously. the food was great. we started with the haystack, the sauces were excellent and the fries were well seasoned. I got the Dirty South, it's a seafood dish over a bed of grits. it was a great take on shrimp and grits. the only problem was slightly slow service. a manager noticed this and offered free dessert. I'm really happy that we have another nicer option for downtown. it seems there's a deficit of good tasting restaurants downtown. the interior is excellent as well.
Came in early. But the place filled out fast. Our server was excellent. Super prompt, knew the menu. We had the scotch eggs and the French onion soup. Both superb. Moved on to the braised lamb collars for me. Wife had the dirty south seafood strew. Both so wonderful. The lamb was fall of the bone tender and perfectly Carmelized on top. Wife's seafood was fresh, the cheese grits superb. Definitely coming back with friends.
Orlando lost one of it's great gastropubs last month when Harmoni, in College Park, closed it's doors for good.  I was heartbroken, but after trying the new Rusty Spoon downtown, hope for a rebirth of the gatropub concept in Orlando may just have some life afterall! I was a little surprised at the negative reviews of this restaurant, as I did not have the same experience as the other Yelpers.  In fact, I thought it was one of the best meals I've had in Orlando this year!  I was with a large party (11 people) and the service was really fantastic!  We were certainly not lacking for wine or food!  There were NO flies buzzing around and the food was amazing, including the several appetizers we shared.  The high quality ingredients and care of preparation was evident.  The portion sizes are small by American standards, but are true to the European gastropub concept.   We had a wonderful time and I absolutely intend to return for lunch sometime soon.  I think it would even be a fun upscale place to sit and watch a Magic game or two next season.  I hope people patron this restaurant, as I think more places with this level of sophistication is just what Orlando desperately needs!  Thank you Rusty Spoon for bringing an excellent upscale gastropub downtown!
I ate here for the first time today with a group of co-workers. I always have a hard time with gastro pubs because I'm just not knowledgable enough about food to know what to order. That being said, we started with the haystack and onion rings for appetizers and both were fantastic. The sauces for both were ok, just not really my thing. I ordered the fish and chips and it was delicious! The batter wasn't too greasy and the fish inside fell apart as you took a bite. I loved it! I was not a fan of the slaw or the tarter sauce. The slaw was not what I'm used to (mayo vs vinegar) and the tarter sauce was mostly dill and I found it to be overpowering. It actually took away from the taste of the fish, which to me, defeated the purpose. Everyone else seemed to really like their meals. I heard no complaints. Several people ordered the 55 and raved about it. The service was a little slow, but I can't knock them for that...we were a party of 18. I look forward to trying it again someday.
A fellow coworker recommended this restaurant. I am so happy I took his advice. This place is fabulous! I arrived around 7 p.m. to meet a friend for girls night out. I arrived before she did, so I sat at the bar and had a cocktail while I waited. As soon as I sat down I was greeted with a warm, energetic smile, and comforting professionalism. The bartender was very welcoming and seem to like working there. I began with a specialty cocktail from the menu (which shall remain nameless because I was not fond of it). Moments later my friend Kelley arrived. We decided to have a bottle of wine. We were delighted to find that every Tuesday night the entire wine list is half-priced. We were expecting to pay $84 for our pinot noir, it was $42. How delightful. We then let the hostess know that we were ready to be seated at a table. We were seated next to the window in the corner of the restaurant where everything inside and out was in full view. I love to people watch. I am very impressed with the chef/proprietor Kathleen Blake. She periodically sent out samples of certain items that she was considering putting on the menu (menu items are changed on a monthly basis). She only uses products locally grown which not only supports the local economy, but also makes for less of a carbon footprint. KUDOS! Furthermore, I was so happy to see on her menu my favorite oysters in all the world, Blue Point. At the bottom of the menu in small bold italics is the phrase: "we respectfully decline any changes to the menu". I LOVE THIS! As a person in service, I find it quite annoying when people decide to change the menu to their benefit. It is an extremely daunting task to distort the process and flow of the kitchen and quite annoying to those in service. Chefs go to great lengths to adorn our palates, we should respect that. If you are allergic to something (which is understandable) order something else. My friend and I ordered a number of items on the menu from appetizers to entrees neither of which disappointed on any level (i.e. pairings, etc.). The ambiance is very inviting for people from all walks of life. Near the bar there were businessmen, center room there were classy girlfriends, in the far corners were couples in a more romantic setting, and the over all look yielded a trendy, upscale, yet affordable vibe. And the walls are adorned with track lighting and black and white photos from the local farmers stock. Exhilarating. I will recommend this restaurant again and again. It has an excellent concept that I imagine will only get better and better. And yes the service was a job well done, very attentive, and efficient.
Always a treat, the Rusty Spoon never disappoints with fresh farm-to-table selections on the menu, which changes frequently to match the freshest ingredients available.  James Beard nominee chef Kathleen Blake's food is imaginative without being stuffy or precious.  The menu always has an array of selections that will appeal to both the foodie and those with less adventurous palettes.  The "55" burger and "Dirty South" seafood mix are reliable standards, but it's never a bad choice to pick one of the seasonal dishes.  The atmosphere is modern without being stuffy and the servers always seem to be well-trained and knowledgeable.  Definitely one of Orlando's best restaurants.
Cucumber Martini! I'm in love already. We gathered here for a friend's birthday dinner. It was our first time at this restaurant. We found the decor kind of odd and not as appetizing. I, of course, ordered the cucumber martini on the menu. It was really, really, really good. The birthday girl ordered the orange-type martini and I tried it but it wasn't as good as the cucumber one. Even she said it. For starters, we ordered the haystack shoe string potatoes. I love thin potatoes so these were perfect. They came with 3 homemade sauces; ketchup, mustard and bbq. The bbq sauce was everybody's favorite. For my entree, I ordered the ribbons pasta with tomato ragu, meat and tomatoes. They put fresh cheese on top as well. It was excellent. The meat sauce was wonderfully seasoned and it did not feel heavy. You could savor every single ingredient and everything tasted so fresh. Everybody else on the table decided to go with a cocoa rubbed steak on top of mashed potatoes and they were all very pleased with their dish. We ordered a dessert that was a play on a smore. It was good not outstanding.
Working the occasional evening shift in downtown, I often find myself at this fantastic establishment. During special events at the Amway or Bob Carr, and on weekends, this place can fill up quickly, so be prepared for a bit of a wait during peak times. I, however, tend to go on weekday nights and there is always a table or spot at the bar open. First off, the atmosphere is very attractive. Combining a rugged urban feel with rural decor and trendy light bulbs, one can't help but feel drawn in. The service is generally good, some times it feels as if a server is just interested in getting your order and getting you your food and nothing else. More often then not, though, they are friendly and sociable. The bar is fully stocked and the bartender is very knowledgeable - notable wine list and excellent draughts. The food is what really stands out here, though. The chef and proprietor changes the menu monthly depending on what in season - and her creations are always spectacular. The crudites and oysters also change monthly and are always a staple of my visit. Prices are about what you'd expect for the quality of food being offered and it's location.
I'm not sure what the other posters have seen, but this was not my experience.  Maybe they have 'worked out the kinks,' because my experience at the Rusty Spoon was a great one.  The place is very nice, no fruit flies to speak of and the service was great as well.   I highly recommend the Rusty Spoon to all Orlando natives!
Locally sourced, inventive menu and everything came out tasty. :)
Yeah it's fine.  I feel like I'm being harsh with my reviews lately but oh well. I loved the drink I got.  It had precesso and vodka. Amazing.  For dinner, I got the fish and chips.  It tried to not consume all the fat so I didn't it most of the skin but that's where all the flavor was.  I liked the onion soup. I would suggest getting the burger though.  I had a bite of a friends and it was amazing. Way better than my fish.  I think that was part of my not liking it as much as I should.  There service was slow and we were in the back corner. I was also feeling cheap that day. I think if I had been more willing to spend money, I would have liked the place more as well.
It's great walking into The Rusty Spoon! The location is great, right on church in the heart of downtown Orlando. You feel classy--but a humble kind of class. I just came in for dessert and enjoyed the Adult S'more. It was a great balance between chocolate, gram cracker and marshmallow. I also appreciated the fact that the marshmallow was not too sweet or sticky to overpower the s'more. Real campfire s'mores are usually a mess but this adult booze infused s'more was a tasty, mess-free dessert.
We went there for my birthday lunch. I got a vegetarian lasagna. It was definitely a unique twist on a traditional lasagna. I like the farm to table concept. My husband got fish and chips. We got the onion rings (awesome!) and deviled eggs which were quite good. Overall, it is a nice concept, the prices are reasonable at least for lunch. They have a nice selection of craft beers also. I would give this place is C- for dessert however. We're offered a choice, meringue, s'mores and trio bread puddings. The smores were mediocre.
When I go back to Orlando, I will definitely come back to the Rusty Spoon! The food and drinks were fantastic- I've never had grits before and they were simply delicious. The cucumber martini was one of my all time favorite cucumber drinks. Service was polite and friendly. Wish we had this restaurant at home!
I love this place! The food is unique, flavorful and from great sources. I also find it very reasonably priced. The wait staff is very knowledgable and attentive! Put this place on your must try list and it will become a favorite.
We have been to the Rusty Spoon numerous times. The food is always consistently good. The service is not always consistently good. Last night's experience was very good for us, but not so great for several of the tables around us. I'm afraid this is sort of how the Rusty Spoon is. Consistent food, inconsistent experience. So, food. Deviled eggs are excellent every time. The changing crudite plate is always fresh and yummy, with whatever local produce is at hand. Last night, heirloom tomatoes. The steak is always good. The fish is delicious. Last night was no exception; black grouper and shrimp with risotto, excellent. Dessert for a friend's birthday was ridiculously decadent and the press pot coffee was strong and good. Bar drinks excellent as always--cucumber martini and their version of a margarita, with grapefruit juice and jalapeno. Our server last night could not have been more perfect. Jenny was quick, knowledgeable, friendly, and just present enough to get us what we needed but not hovering. Unfortunately, all around us things were going to hell in a handbasket. The party of 10 that was seated with drinks when we came in had still not seen one item of food two hours later. They were furious and walked out. The party of three next to us, also seated when we came in, finally got their entrees when we were finishing our chocolate cake. The chef was out for her birthday, but that is no excuse. A well-run kitchen will run well even when the chef is out. Some heads should roll for that extremely poor service. The floor manager should have seen what was happening and brought complimentary appetizers, bread, drinks--anything to keep those customers happy if the kitchen was in trouble. The fact that no one did anything was somewhat horrifying. I flashed back to the two chefs I have worked for, who would literally have killed someone for not taking care of this kind of problem. No one here seemed particularly worked up about it. Anyway, our experience was great and the food is consistently good, but you never know what you'll get with service. We've been rudely turned away before with a roomful of empty tables staring at us, but other times the hostess has gone out of her way to get us seated. You just never know. Another thing to be aware of us parking. There is no parking on this street, so you have to either park in a garage off of Orange or in the new pay lots under I-4. Both of those options make the visit a little tricky for anyone unfamiliar with downtown. But the food is close to on par with Ravenous Pig. I would rate the Pig a little ahead in terms of food, but Rusty Spoon isn't as pricey.
Went to The Rusty Spoon for dinner on the recommendation of a friend.  The entire experience was disappointing. I would describe the atmosphere as "pretentious rustic", like Ralph Lauren on a farm - not welcoming or comfortable. Everything we ordered tasted hum-drum (pork rillette, pork chop, stuffed burger).  The presentation was embarrassingly sloppy.  The pork chop plate in particular was a mess and looked quite unappetizing.  The burger was mediocre at best (Hamburger Mary's has much better burgers for less right around the corner). The service was lacking.  Our waitress stood at the bar and chatted with the bartender within our view while our water glasses sat empty.   When we requested a steak knife for the pork chop we were told they do not have steak knives because their meat is so tender that you don't need a steak knife.  This is pretentious BS.  The pork chop needed a steak knife.  When the manager stopped by our table as he made his way around the room to see how things were, I mentioned the steak knife issue, to which he responded, "we're working on that" and walked away.  We never got a steak knife.  I have no idea what "we're working on that" means. I will not return to this restaurant.  It doesn't deserve a second chance.
Came for a friend's birthday, ordered the "Dirty South" and enjoyed it.  They ran out of the prime rib special they had going on, I had a bite of that I really wish they had more. Service was on point and the food was great.
Really fantastic food and great ambiance. It's great to find a restaurant that is so focused on farm-to-table that can still bring the quality and class of an mid to upscale dining experience. We started with the Haystack, which was great. The fries weren't fried to death and they weren't too greasy, and the house made sauces were delicious and quite flavorful. The cocktails are great, but pretty expensive for the amount that you get. All the dishes are portioned well, and my wife and I both had leftovers to take home. All in all an awesome place and an awesome experience.
Went here for a dinner date with the fiance while were waiting to watch a movie. We ordered the beef carpaccio, the 55" and the fish and chips. The carpaccio was extremely salty. The toasted baguette helped balanced it out a bit, but I think the sauce they used in the carpaccio is a bit excessive. It was like drenched and masking the flavored in the actual meat. It was good, but I wouldn't say its the best I've eaten. We substituted the fries in the fish and chips with the onion soup. It also came with a slaw on the side. Can't really go wrong with fried fish, the slaw was not so appetizing and the soup was a disappointment! I'm thinking the flavors of all the different onions didn't mingle well for me. It just seemed a bit off and bland. The burger was by far the best out of the other meals. It was moist, and cook to perfection. The haystack fries was definitely a lot. It came with what I believe was homemade ketchup.. not my fav... One neat thing about the restuarant is that we saw the train run by.. a bit loud, but its not an everyday occurrence you can see at a restaurant. well.. unless you're sitting outside on park ave in winter park lol
Nice, modern, contemporary and casual place with good thought out food. As soon as we walked in we really liked the open space and upscale captivating modern decor. The menu of the week was pretty creative And yummy, We wanted to try quite a few Dishes from the appetizer Menu but some of these item's prices i thought were very steep for appetizers so unfortunately had to refrain :( We stared off with a charred "optupus steak" and squid salad.  The salad was great with a nice smoky charred flavor, really enjoyed this salad. We then ordered pretty popular butter milk onion rings. These rings were delicious and that's not small praise for something so simple such as onion rings. They were served with a vinegrette alongside, each dip was a bit of heaven! Loved these suckers! The 55 burger was next, what a monster!! It was cooked perfectly and what a surprised to find bacon in the middle of the patty when my wife bit into it. The burger was delicious, juicy and filling oh and the haystacks fries are amazing!! I had the special of the day which was the pork chop with a sweet hash brown casserole, recommended by our waiter, not very out the box but very good nonetheless. I was happy With the dish. Our Waiter was very nice and helpful And the reason why I giving it 3 starts its because the food did take a while to come out, they started up good and consistent but when it came time to the main entree and the place had gotten busier they seemed to have fallen off their tracks, it almost took 40 min for our entrees to make it onto the  table. Not cool, however I will not hold that against them and will be back to reevaluate.
Gonna be honest on this one, I was not that impressed by this - my first visit to The Rusty Spoon. I'd been wanting to experience it for quite some time, and price my blogging partner wrong (she went last year and did not get blown away either). I'm a big fan of lamb, so I decided to try out the lamb sandwich (was going to go with the lamb shank but couldn't quite bring myself to spend $30 on my meal that evening). Apparently the sandwich comes with a "raisin jelly" on it, but I loathe raisins so I requested to have that left off. That being said, when the sandwich came and I took a couple of bites, the meat was NOT great. Actually, it had very little flavor at all. Big bummer for me, being the fan of lamb that I am. The sandwich did come with a side of fries and THOSE rocked! But then again...it's pretty difficult to mess up french fries. While I'm definitely willing to give The Rusty Spoon another shot, all-in-all I'm not the biggest fan. I just feel like this place is trying to be something it's not.
Checked this place out right after the Magic game, and this place is awesome. The craft beer choices is somewhat limited but they have decent choices. The dessert choices are also limited as well (forgot what I got the last time I was there). The place is new so it needs some kinks to be ironed out. However the atmosphere is really nice and cozy, and when the train runs by the building it actually gives a good vibe. The service itself is A-OK, but the food/beer quality IMO balances it out. Since it's a large open area, it can get a bit loud inside. Overall I did enjoy my experience there and I would go there again with no hesitation.
Went in there today for the first time on a Sunday after looking at new gastrobars in Orlando to try. I went with a friend at around 2:00 PM and was surprised to see the restaurant fairly empty. I heard that the brunch scene on Sundays is usually booming with people and was surprised to see a lack of presence at the restaurant. There were a few people at the bar and about 4 tables of people including my own in the entire restaurant. We were greeted, seated by the bartender and greeted by our actual waiter and given Menu's. I was disappointed to see that we were given a pre-set brunch menu and not a regular menu as I was hoping to try their french fries and selection of sandwiches I have seen people review here on Yelp. Nonetheless, I ordered the 'Lil Piggy' which was in formal egg Benedict basically; two eggs made your way; 2 fried green tomatoes; 2 thick cuts of bacon on 2 toasted pieces of ciabata with a tomato sauce of some sort. It was delicious and I ate it all! (it was my first meal of the day, don't judge!) The eggs were cooked perfectly over easy, the fried green tomatoes we're fried to perfection, the ciabata was fresh and the house aioli was a great complement to it all. The bacon was awesome and thick! They pride themselves in fresh ingredients and mostly organic and they delivered. My friend is a simple gal and ordered their house caesar salad with grilled chicken per her request and it looked great. Huge and fresh romaine leaves, perfectly tossed with dressing and an entire grilled chicken breast that she gave two thumbs up too. My meal ticket came to about 13 bucks before my tip, the water I ordered was actually free!  My brunch was great even though I wanted to try their full lunch menu. I do recommend the restaurant to try out. I will try other places in the surrounding area for brunch before I come back to the Rusty Spoon for brunch.
Been here a few times and the experience is pretty standard.  You can expect polite waiters who are very knowledgeable about the menu and can help you make a decision.  I really like the idea that they use local and organic goods in their menu.   If you go with a group, it's never an issue to pay separate checks and the crew is very accommodating.  I would suggest it to people looking to try something new downtown.
This place is beautiful! Very clean and modern. The staff is super friendly and chatty. Make sure you try the craft beers, the fried oysters, and the Dirty South!
I'm a huge fan of Pine 22 so when I heard that KB would be opening a full service restaurant that had the same farm-to-table qualities I was very intrigued. The dim lighting mixed with the kind of music they played made me feel like I was in NYC! The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you get and the whole staff was very nice. Can't wait to go back here!
Love to visit this place whenever we are in Orlando. Service is always excellent and the food is incredible. Chef is very friendly and is also the owner. She makes sure they use local foods and from organic farms. This place is a must if you are in the Orlando area.
This restaurant is awesome. My husband had the best burger ever...extremely juicy and flavorful. I had really good chicken, with tasty mashed potatoes and yummy brussel sprouts, which I don't particularly care for, but these were good! the donuts for dessert were divine. the waitress was attentive and very nice, especially since we had our 8 month old daughter with us. I was expecting dirty looks for having a baby, but she and the rest of the waitstaff smiled at her as they walked by. the decor was nice and the place is extremely clean.we will definitely visit again if we have the opportunity.
Great meal from a gracious host and hostess.  I was pleased with the charcuterie board which I recommend.
Very good - would recommend
So far so fantastic- good organic, natural and fresh foods.  Taste what preservatives don't taste like.
Nice sophisticated atmosphere, odd location for a "foodie-type" restaurant, & it's clear they are copying Ravenous Pig. However, I LOVED my meal....Had the Meadow Lake salad to start, and all the ingredients were interesting, fresh & worked well together .  Had the The Dirty South for my entree and really almost licked the bowl at the end. It was heaven if you like a variety of seafood and good creamy grits.   My dining companion did not like it at all, however. He said his salad seemed sandy & his steak was ok but the portion was tiny. I would definitely go back, but he probably wouldn't.  He's more of a steak and potatoes guy and doesn't really love all the "creative, weird, trying to be different" type ingredients.   We both enjoyed the beer selection and our server was knowledgeable and attentive.  Good wine too! Try it!
Good food, bad service. Hostess was useless- didn't even say goodbye when we walked out and there was no one else standing at the front with her. Server was low energy and extremely slow. He was the only server in the restaurant at 7:30p on a Sunday. Food was good. We had the onion rings as an app and we both had the steak as an entree. Steak was good, it just wasn't hot. It was lukewarm. The fingerling potatoes were good, but greasy. I had collard greens instead of wilted greens. They were excellent. Problem is that it took 30-40 mins to get our entrees. We shared the smores dessert, which was also good. Unfortunately, the service is what caused this to get 3 stars...
This is a real farm-to-table place.  The food was outstanding, the onion rings are nothing more than onion filled donuts...yum!  We have actually been to to the "outstanding in the field" farm where this place gets its food, organic and fantastic.  My only complaint was that my steak was very fatty, had to toss half into the trash.
We arrived Saturday night with no reservations, however found a spot at the bar and enjoyed two great cocktails. We decided to stay for dinner and started with the beef carpaccio, and the enjoyed the two specials, tile fish and the rib eye, both great. Even though we sat at the bar to enjoy dinner, the service was great! A true farm to table restaurant with a rising chef, recently nominated for the Southeast Region James Beard Award.
I'll admit, I was nervous when I saw the menu state "alterations politely declined." I was certain this pompous chef was going to get it all wrong. I trusted them, and all I can say is:  Yum. Yum. Yum!!  I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Salad, cauliflower soup, grouper, s'more dessert all so incredible. The wait staff was knowledgeable and friendly. I will most certainly be going back. This chef knows what their doing.
Wow, the food was amazing.  The waiter was great, it was overall an amazing place to spend a birthday night out!
Food is AMAZING and decently priced. Bartenders even better with great personalities and skills to make great drinks.  Owners are friendly and make each and every experience worthwhile. This is my Downtown Go To Restaurant for sure!
Home made ketchup and pickles for starters...Had the 55 and the Bauk Bauk and they were excellent. The soup de jour was a corn soup with avocado. The wife and I split the sammys and the beer selection is top notch. Gonna have to come back for the Southern Sammy.
Sometime life hands you lemons. And in some cases life even hands you bananas. What do I do? I mash them up and stuff them in donuts. Or I go somewhere that offers these homemade beauties. The Rusty Spoon was the target restaurant and in the midweek hump, dessert was the best option. I sat at the bar and finally decided on the homemade donuts with banana filling. They were served in a basket and sprinkled with powdered sugar. Five little babies in the basket, and yes, enough to spare two:) I didn't even have dinner to be honest but this hit the spot. The entire night actually.
Definitely 5 stars. I love when a chef has a direct relationship with local farmers and fishermen. I especially like when said chef turns these ingredients into mouth watering dishes that I dream about for days afterwards. We sat at the bar. Great choice as they have perhaps the best bartender in Orlando, Kenny. Really, he has the perfect personality and makes you feel welcome and at home. A good bartender should not be underrated. The fact that they serve Guinness made this all so much better, but they do have several craft beers on tap as well. Now on to the food; The menu changes often to provide the freshest, in-season ingredients. We started with the grilled octopus salad, very good with just the right amount of greens, octopus and dressing. We also got some sort of cold tuna dish. I wish I could remember the name because it was out of this world. For main courses I had such a difficult time choosing as everything looked so good but I chose a fairly simple dish of fish and chips. WOW! No doubt the best fried fish I've had and just the right amount. The chips weren't really chips, but shoestring fries with some parmesan cheese sprinkled in. These were so tasty I could have eaten all of them. ok, I did indeed eat all of them and nearly licked my plate afterwards. My wife got the Dirty South, which is a fish stew with snapper, clams, and some other fish in a tomato broth. She loved it as much as I loved mine. She also got some fried shrimp. Now, I don't usually like shrimp, but these were so good that I ate two. Seasoned and fried perfectly. The restaurant itself is very open and well designed. The owner mentioned they will soon be ditching the table cloths, which I think is a good idea as people may be mislead that this is a more formal place than it really is. Truly, it's a very casual vibe from the owners to the bartender and wait staff. One odd thing is we didn't notice a sign out front, but no worries: Now that we know where it is, we will become regulars. Thank you, Chef Blake and Kenny!
Came to The Rusty Spoon one evening alone on a business trip so I sat at the bar; I couldn't have had a better experience. Great food (had the 55 burger haystack fries and s'more desert), amazing staff (bartender and hostess and manager all were very attentive), beautifully decorated and even reasonably priced. Would recommend to anyone in the Orlando area.
Had the "55" burger.  Nothing too memorable here.
I went to this place for lunch with a co-worker and I was a little underwhelmed. I think it's because I'd heard so many good things about it that it was a bit disheartening when I actually went. However, that being said, I am not writing it off forever. Maybe it was the lunch that was mediocre, I'm going to try it again for dinner and drinks and see if I'm more impressed by it then.
Had a great meal Saturday night! I had the lasagna (don't take this for granted, very unique) and my bestie had the wreck fish special. Magnifico! My lasagna featured a prime and filet ragu, bolognese, and was sparingly wrapped in a wonderful el dente pasta on top and bottom, with ripe grape tomatoes oozing out of the sides!
There's a lot to potentially like about this place.  It's a place I want to succeed.  Everything it represents is a positive, which is why I continue to force the girlfriend to come here, honestly very much against her will.  All of the food is locally sourced from Florida farmers, and the animals there are naturally raised, free of unnatural hormones, supplements, etc.  All great things.  The concept of the place, as I've said, is great.  However, it seems that on every visit we have been disappointed by something. One visit it is very slow, inattentive service, another it is disappointing food.  Out of the approx. 10 visits we have made to the Rusty Spoon, I can't think of a single 5 star experience, and you are going to pay a fairly expensive price per visit. I Have tried the "55" burger at lunch on two occasions, and like make other reviews have mentioned, I was disappointed.  A burger that reads well on the menu, but tastes frankly bland.  However, many of the lamb dishes we have ordered are excellent.  Have yet to be disappointed by anything with lamb on the menu.  So stick with that and you are probably fine, however venturing off of that we have had seriously mixed opinions.  Impressive consistently, though,  are some of the drinks.  Classics like the dark and stormy are there, and refreshing gin drinks as well, all well done.  There is a reasonable craft beer selection as well, which helps.  Overall, the rusty spoon has a lot to like,  it is a place I like to support, but at the price point there are many other options I would prefer in terms of taste and service.  Give it a try, there is a decent chance you may love it. There are certainly good items to be had, I just wish there were more of them and they were coupled with more consistent service.
Best burger ever. I can't comment on any of the other dishes, since my husband and I both got The "55", but it was delicious. I like their commitment to supporting local farmers who actually care about their animals and the environment. Great service, too! i wish there was better parking, but that's Church St for you. I can't wait to go back and try something new!
I made a reservation for 6 people and was told on the phone in order to secure it I had to give them a cc# to hold it- which I find odd and if someone in the party didn't show we were to be charged $15 per noshow. I obliged, but still thought it to be strange, we aren't in NYC. We showed up for our 8:30 reservation, and it has a nice atmosphere, yes, similar to Ravenous Pig. I can definitely see what they are going for here. We sat about 30 minutes later after having a drink at the bar. The place is empty. There was a table next to us though that had a group that thought they might be at a local bbq joint the way they were dressed, or maybe they were some of the farmers delivering their ingredients and decided to stay for a meal afterwards.... Things started off ok, but went downhill really fast. We ordered a bottle of still water and our server brought it to us with no water glasses and he was gone for 10 minutes. So one of us got up went to the bar and got water glasses. Our server continued to come by and check on us but never asked if we were ready to order. Finally he came by after another 15 minutes of being MIA and we started ordering with him and he said I need to go get my pen. WHAT??? Also let me add that there are maybe 8 other tables in the place, and he isn't the only server. It's not even packed in here!!! How do you not have 5 of them in your apron. I waited tables at a fine dining restaurant all through college and always had pens on me! So then he disappeared for another 10 minutes. It's 9:45 at this point. So one of us had to then GET UP AGAIN go to the bar and got the manager. He came over and took our entire order. Very nice guy, and very accommodating. Took our order and things started coming out of the kitchen. There weren't any complaints about the food at our table. The Oysters were great, they allowed us to have them raw instead of fried. The clams were delicious although 3 of mine were empty and they were not in the bottom of my pot. Everyone seemed very pleased with their dishes. I think that this restaurant will be great and will be able to survive as long as they get their server/training issues worked out. That will kill them if they don't. The service really did suck, and almost made me not want to ever go back there. We left at 11:30 and should have been out of there by 10:30 the latest. I'll try them again in a month or so and hope that the service issues have worked themselves out.
Each time we've dined at The Rusty Spoon we find ourselves a new favorite dish.  Since the menu is seasonal there's always new things to try...if only they would bring back the Steak Tartare for the Fall/Winter we'd be in heaven. If you're looking for a good foodie spot in downtown Orlando, you must try The Rusty Spoon. They bring out these palate cleansers throughout your dining experience that are always a delightful treat too. We usually make a reservation, but rarely need it.
I gave it 3 stars cause the food was decent, but the service was lacking to say the least! Decided to go for dinner, greeted promptly but other than that it seemed like the waiter could care less if we were there or not. Since we were not drinking it seemed like we got way less attention than the drinkers next to us. The menu is smallish, that being said the kitchen was out of 2 things and "substituting" a different chicken dish. The substitute chicken was the Milanese which was fantastic. the Lamb hand held was very good, described as the best lamb had in a while by my dining guest. The Caesar salad was very unCaesar like, in that it tasted more like a vinaigrette than a true Caesar salad. it did include the brown bottoms of the leaves. The dirty salad dishes sat on the table way longer than needed to (that is just a pet peeve of mine) There was no real manager type person to be seen anywhere in the dining room. The menu changes periodically so yes i would go back. Hopefully they won't be out of 3 things on the menu.. The server who never said what his name was will not serve me again i guarantee it. Thank god they have decent food cause service...not so much
Saw this under places suggested to me by Yelp! Always a plus as Yelp often knows me better than I know myself. They of course, did not disappoint. To start, this night started off a bit weird, as Ceviche (located close by) was tented and having some work done to it. I was not sure if this place would be closed, but after calling they hostess was more than happy to give me walking directions and tell me they were open. The restaurant itself is located within easy walking distance on the historic Church Street of Orlando. The restaurant is quite charming, with large picture windows overlooking the street, which is even more picturesque on the weekends with throngs of people about. The bar is simple yet elegant, serving very nice cocktails, wines by the bottle and glass, and some very nice draft selections ( I'm a sucker for local). I do think that the restaurant is awkwardly laid out though. The secondary are to the right when you walk in, as well as the tables towards the back feel almost like afterthoughts. I will say that the best part about my seat was being able to look into the kitchen :) I ALWAYS look at the kitchen, just ask my girlfriend.... anyway... I noticed something straight away which always puts a smile on my face: It was clean. Not just clean but VERY clean. I am a neat freak when it comes to restaurants and this lived up to my expectations. We started with the carpaccio of beef as well as the butchers plate. We opted for the board on the latter, because I can eat like a sumo despite my size. The carpaccio was perfect, seasoned correctly, sliced perfectly thin and with all the standard accompaniments. They aren't shatter any new ground with this dish, but simply flavors and solid cookery make this dish a must have. The butcher's plate is where the meal took a turn for me. I LOVE (read love!!@!!!!!) charcuterie and all manner of smoking and terrines. This was so damn flavorful! A delicious ball of meat, home made sausage, house made pickles, just perfect. What wasn't was the 19 dollar price tag. The plate was soooo smalllll..... not what I expected for the price. Maybe I am spoiled, but for 3 dollars more I get an actual board at Ravenous Pig. Like I said, not anything wrong with the food, and I really want to hit that home, because this was perfect, but I really wish there was more. It says whim of the chef, well damit I want more whims!!! I couldn't resist, I had to get the Dirty South. This is their signature dish, and for good reason. I like grits. I love my grits. These are better. The balance on this plate is amazing. The creaminess of the grits, the saltiness, the sweetness and then the crunch of the shrimp heads. Yes I eat the heads deal with it. I can easily see why this is the most popular. Everything about this plate was just perfect. I'm not sure who does their desserts. If it is the chef, then Kudos because I hate making desserts. We got the adult smores, and not only was the plating top notch (something I am anal about asking anyone) but the flavor was so rich and deep without being cloying. Overall, this is a wonderful addition to the Orlando food scene, and I wish them the best of luck. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
I don't know.  Whenever I go here, I leave somewhat let down.  The prices are quite high, and the more complicated the dishes, the poorer the execution in my opinion.  I've had their simpler dishes and they are good.. but I've had some of their overly hyped (by the waitstaff) specials and they are always just alright.  For the price, I would definitely rather go elsewhere.  But there are some decent simpler options on the menu and if you stick to those, you should be ok.  But I've definitely had better.
I went in last night and was on a vegan cleanse in addition to my always gluten free eating. The chef prepared me an amazing vegetable plate! It was absolutely delicious and flavorful with spices, not just plain vegetables. Vegans, you can eat here and enjoy it! :)
This is a nice place to go.  Went there for the first time and was happy with the meal and the service. The total bill was quite high for four people. As always, be leery of market price! We started with the inion rings. They are great. Also, our friends ordered the oysters on the half shell as was happy. We started out with cocktails...i had the rusty bulliet which wasnt bad, my wife ordered the 10 cane beer (10 cane rum and root beer).  My buddy ordered the cucumber martini that he didnt like at all.  He said it tasted like perfume.  We then ordered extra dirty martinis that were the best we have ever had. They were perfect!  The next course I had the seasonal grilled peach salad with goat cheese and my buddy ordered the shiitinonion soup. Yes I spelled it correctly and it is pronounced exactly how it is spelled.  Both dishes were good. For the main course my buddy and I ordered the grouper special which was grouper over an eggplant purée with chorizo.  It was good but not spectacular.  My wife had the "55" hamburger which was awesome. Cooked perfectly, juicy, and loaded with flavor and for $14 it's a deal. My buddy's wife ordered the deep south which was good and it's what I should've ordered. Desert included the homemade doughnuts and the indoor s'mores and they were good.   The service by Sarah was outstanding.  She was very attentive and fun. The service can make or break a meal out for me regardless of the food and she helped make it great. Be prepared to spend some money if you have cocktails and the wines by the glass is very limited but you should go.
I thought the food, service and atmosphere was great.  I would definitely recommend it.  I have eaten lunch here three times over the course of three weeks. Each experience was positive and consistent with the next. I enjoyed the reinterpretations of traditional dishes, and the fusion of the chef's aesthetic.  I can only imagine it gets better.  My only concern is its staying power amongst the limited palettes in this transient town.  Let's hope it gets consistently crowded.  But, not too packed.
This place was on point for me! Hubby & I went in for dinner on the same night Taylor Swift was playing at Amway and we got a window-side table, so we got to see all the fans walking over, which was great entertainment. The restaurant has a very romantic, upscale kind of vibe -- almost a New York sort of feel to it. Not that I'm an expert at New York, but that's how I felt about the place. High ceilings, lots of brick deco and very cool, contemporary elements. Chef Kathleen's skills are absolutely incredible! I've always liked the menu at Urban Flats, but this was a real unique treat! We started out with a small order of the summer vegetable lasagna with purple basil and some pink-eyed peas croquettes with a delicious aioli. The sauce with the lasagna was fantastic and I loved that the veggies were seasoned, which gave it a fabulous taste. The pasta itself was a little too al dente for me, but I was OK with that. The croquettes were very light, not at all greasy yet still full of flavor. I ordered the special, which was the corvina fish, risotto cake and pink-eyed peas in a lemon sauce and hubby got the fish & chips. My fish was absolutely delicious!! Very light and buttery, almost like a sea bass, and the lemon sauce was delicate and just the right compliment to the fish. The risotto cake also was really good -- I liked the slight crisp on the outside. And hubby enjoyed his fish & shoestring fries, though he said the tartar sauce was a bit chunky for his liking. We also got an awesome sampler of desserts from the chef, which included a to-die-for dark chocolate pudding, duck egg sabayon, homemade banana-filled beignets, and the Irish stout cake that came with a little mini float of some sort. Everything was delicious!!! I will DEFINITELY be back again :)
Being that this restaurant is in a business-esque area everyone eating there at lunch were in suits.  I came in with my cousins and we definitely felt under dressed, but I really wanted to eat here after reading all the reviews.  I was really impressed by the service and the food is stellar! Ordered the 55 burger and had to get extra rusty aioli for my fries.  I hate onions but when I told the waiter to take them off he gave me a weird look and in his head I know he was thinking "this bitch is cray if she doesnt want the onions" so I kept the onions on and I'm so glad I did.  The burger was juicy and at one point I had to use a fork to eat it.  Definitely going to back the next time I have to pass through Orlando!!
First time there, food poisoning, no joke. Second time there, we are about the first couple for lunch and hostess barely made eye contact. We decide to sit at bar and she did not crack a smile and gave total stank face. Bartender proceeded to do the same. What the heck! Then, wen asked for a drink without lemon, brings the darn lemon. Asked to bring one without, stank face again! Its almost laughable. When your much more popular neighbor across the way just closed, understand no restaurant is safe and know how to teach your staff to create experience. Never ever will set foot again. A lunch crowd is mostly a biz crwod and i wont risk a crappy experience while bringing guests to a business lunch again.
It does not have to be that hard. 1+1 = 2, not 22. It's farm-to-table food, Rusty Spoon.  Stay calm, relax and serve some simple food. After my experience, I am sooooooo suspicious of the positive ratings found here.   I was more blown away by the 4+ star ratings than by the over pretentious "food".  The Rusty Spoon is epitome of a restaurant that tries too hard to impress and fails. First, we were served a tater-tot like thing accompanied with a barbecue sauce to try.  It was a great representation of what was to come -  a wave of complicated combination of flavors.  I enjoyed the famous, constantly written-about  Haystack fries but not three sauces.  Fries were great without the cheese and herbs and three dipping sauces off to the side.  The cheese added a nice kick to fries that are good all by themselves.  Since the cheese is not melted and shredded and the fries are served in an upright, tin bucket, it creates a little bit of a mess when serving (not cool in such a houty-toity restaurant).   Also, adding too much of this cheese and herb concoction makes the fries overwhelmingly salty.  The three sauces added nothing to the overall experience.  In fact, the barbecue sauce and homemade ketchup took away from the fries.  (All of sudden, I was craving Traders Joes organic ketchup, something sweet to counter the now salty taste found on the fries). I believe I enjoyed the act of dipping more than I enjoyed the taste of the fries plus sauces sauces. The steak was served rare like I ordered.  The steak had a nice, clean taste to it.  I was excited.  I found something I like.  Then I was disappointed again.  The potato cakes were just ok.  There was way too many flavors going on -  like I was eating a tater-tot on crack.  I was afraid to order dessert.  I was thinking I might find a tater tot in my ice cream. So what was really impressive about this place?  The service!   Nice hostess, attentive waitress made part of the experience delicious, but unfortunately THAT alone could not make the meal delicious.  Unfortunately, nothing moves me to come back.  I was hoping to like this place.  Overall, there are some things I liked and things I did not like: PROS:   Comfy ambiance              Attentive service              Refreshing water (it was really good)              Beef has a clean taste              Fresh ingredients CONS:  Complicated combo of flavors              Complicated verbal presentation of menu (bring a dictionary)              Parking cost can be expensive              Super small menu
Fantastic choice for a recent dinner.  The food is fresh and delicious, and the menu is seductively creative.  The atmosphere is warm urban bistro--simple and not over done or fussy.  Great for people watching, too.
I liked every thing here. The food was very high quality and prepared perfectly. The service was very nice and the location is great. I plan on coming back soon.
Great local restaurant, use local ingredients, Menu gets updated often, the service is out of this world, clean design elements.  Great drinks and bartenders.  So glad that this place is within walking distance.  Will become a regular.
I don't care what you get, but you should buy something with the grits in it. Best grits ever!
This place is amazing.  My husband and I have made it one of our date night repeats.  I have been there several times and each time was better then the next.  The wait staff is amazing and the chef regularly sends out yummy samples of food to come.  I love how the food is fresh and seasonal.  Rusty Spoon is always evolving and changing.  Paul was our waiter and he suggested a dirty martini with Purus vodka and It was to die for!  Trust me.  I do not work there and even am friends with anyone that works there.  It is just a really good place.
I wish Orlando had more restaurants like this.  I can't believe that it's not packed every night.  Outstanding atmosphere and great, local food.  Highly recommend the burger during lunch.
I liked everything about this restaurant. The courteous, friendly, attentive service. The food was superb I had the Dirty South & it was full of flavor. I don't even like fish but the server recommended it & stated that it wasn't over powering. The other dinners had steak which they also loved. We tried cucumber martini (which sounds odd) but was DELICIOUS! The decor was beautiful, low lighting, simple, pictures from farm vendors they deal with. Really embracing the farm to table atmosphere. You must try it you'll love it as well.
Fellow yelper Michelle K. and i tried out The Rusty Spoon this evening.  I really liked everything about this place.  Most ingredients are local to Florida and so fresh.   I ordered the "Dirty South": a shrimp stew with clams and a perfectly pan seared snapper.  This was nestled on wilted  greens and creamy grits.  Wow!  Local is lovely!!  I can't wait to go back and try more!!
This place has been a great addition to the Church Street scene. We've hung out here for drinks a few times and had a few meals. They offer a few craft beers on draft and have a decent selection in the bottle along with a decent wine list and full liquor bar. The bartenders have always been pleasant and attentive. I've had some pretty good food too, like the fried oysters, and a lovely butchers plate (that changes often). Though I haven't adored everything, I have to give props to the chef that keeps the menu inventive and much of it locally sourced. You can tell there is a lot of thought that goes into it, and I only wish more restaurants followed the same path. I look forward to trying something new when I go back.
Our server Brian was amazing! The best customer service. Water service was prompt. The food was OK. I had a burger, a little greasy, but it was a good. And fries, but the ketchup was homemade.. A little too fresh tomatoey for me. Wine was delicious, and half off on Tuesdays! We got an $80 bottle for $40. Overall a wonderful experience, especially if Brian is your server. He deserves a raise for his outstanding customer service.
I stopped by this place for dinner while in town for work after looking at their menu online and seeing that they are somewhat creative in their meals.  I had the seafood mix that contained shrimp, scallops, etc and was set over grits and greens.  This is not something I typically would go for but after the bartender recommended it, I gave it a try and didn't look back.  Great staff and friendly crowd.  Definitely will be back next time.
Wow. My friends and I were treated to an amazing experience at The Rusty Spoon. Shout out to chef Kathleen and her warmth and openness. The 1910 laundry table is the best spot in the house. We feasted on bacon stuffed grassed beef burgers and braised lamb samis on grilled Moroccan bread. We were dining there for lunch before an evening wedding and gave us the the sustenance to party all night! Thank you for making us out of towners feel amazing welcome in downtown Orlando.
If you are ever in the downtown Orlando area you MUST try this place. I've been 3 times and its incredible.
I'd like to take this opportunity to let everyone know that this restaurant is legit. I would be comfortable saying that this is definitely in my top 5 dining destinations in orlando. Have you ever been to a restaurant and put the first bite of food in your mouth and knew instinctively that the rest of the meal was going to be amazing? Well, this is that place. Do yourself a favor and head there. The prices are great, the portions are spot on, and most importantly, the food and service are impeccable. Everything is local, organic, seasonal, and organic when possible, and you can certainly taste it in the dishes. Just be sure to save some room for the "adult smore."
Loved the ambiance and the bar makes a great Old Fashioned drink. Food was tasty and well prepared. My gripe though was the service because it took 1.5 hours! yes we were a large group, but 1.5 hours is pretty excessive. i had to speak to the manager who said "I'll look into it" which is good but no apology or compensation. Also i had the lamb sandwich which was very good. However, the salad was served on the same plate and with a oil vinegarette dressing, the bread became soaked, making the sandwich messy. Nice place but had to give it three stars because of service.
I have eaten here at least three times now and it is always a wonderful, sensual palate experiance. Took a friend from out of town and blew him away with the organic and fresh bounty that was brought before us. When my wife and I want to pleasure out mouths we go here.
Hussied up to the bar last Friday night with my husband, trying to get him to try some place new.  We were greeted warmly by the bartender/wine keep and perused the menu.  We had to narrow down our six choices to some amount we could actually ingest!  Haystack fries, Squid and Octopus Salad with Watermelon, Butter poached Clams and Spinach Salad with Chicken Livers.  All had great names and descriptions on the menu, all delivered wonderful taste combinations.  We will be back!
I've only been here for Thirsty Thursday, which is awesome. Great beers and nice food. Happy with everything I've tried, parking under I-4 isn't too bad.
This is the first time I've disagreed with my fellow yelpers!  But having just returned from eating my way through Charleston, Rusty Spoon only gets one star from me. The pasta dish I had was supposed to have haricot verts.  When I asked the waiter where they were (they weren't in the dish) he said they were chopped very finely.  Hmm.  Now there was a very oily pesto on the pasta and they could have been hidden in there, but it just tasted like pesto to me.  Very oily.  Virtually no taste.  Not what I was expecting.  Reminded me of the pasta at happy hour at Applebee's from twenty years ago. My partner had the tomato basil soup with a blackened snapper sandwich.  The soup was mediocre and too cool in temperature.  The snapper was not snapper.  I didn't run that by our waiter.  And it was an awful cut of fish, very tough, and no flavor. Wish I had a good meal there.   I won't be back.
I am SO surprised at all the great reviews of this place on here!  SLOW service - omg soooo slow.  Our waiter NEVER apologized for the time it took for our meal to come (45 friggin minutes).  He had zero personality and it seemed as though we were inconveniencing him with any request we had.  ALL six of us at the table were disappointed with our food.  All of us.  It was all terrible.  I rarely write reviews but this one I just HAD to get out.  This place is WAY too pricey to suck so badly.  Will never be going back.
The Rusty Spoon is a gem that I was so grateful to find in downtown Orlando.  I travel all over the country for work and am always thrilled to find wonderful places to eat in areas that aren't so wonderful themselves.  The food was incredibly fresh, deliciously seasoned, and cooked perfectly.  My boyfriend and I started with cocktails (a dirty martini and a jalapeno spiced drink that I forget the name of) which were amazing.  Had we had more time and didn't have to head to work, we would have had a few more.  For appetizers we shared the beef carpaccio and the butter poached clams.  Both were home runs.  We then split the special salad which was the "crudite" for the evening.  It was a fresh tomato and feta salad that was refreshing and light.  My boyfriend had the coffee rubbed steak and I had the fall lasagna.  Both were out of this world.  If I am ever in the area again, I will be dining at The Rusty Spoon as much as possible.  YUM.
Fish and chips are excellent, as are the fresh raw oysters. Never had a bad meal here, but for some reason, it is not overly impressive. If you are in downtown already, either for lunch or dinner, one of the best places to eat (along with Boheme in Grand Bohemian). Gastro-pub style atmosphere,  but I really wouldn't call it a gastro-pub. Food offerings are not creative enough and rarely change.
This is one of the best restaurants in Orlando, hands down. They use almost entirely  local ingredients and it tasted amazing the half dozen times I've done. The staff are knowledgeable and friendly and the wine and beer list are decent.
One of the best restaurants I have been to in the Orlando area. For prices that are not all that more expensive than the theme park food you can eat handmade and locally sourced food. I believe everything down to the ketchup is made in house. This will be a place I will be visiting again.
One of the best soooooooooo good. Close your eyes point at anything in the menu and it will be incredible.
Great food - classy & casual. PERFECT happy hour on Thursdays! 3 appetizers and bottomless drinks (yes, bottomless draft beer, wine & well drinks) for $15! 5pm-8pm.
I really wanted to love this place after reading about it.  After several days of theme park  our family was excited about checking this place out. I will say that the space, and downtown Orlando in general, was really impressive for someone that had never been there before.  Although it was a Sunday night on holiday weekend, the place was not very busy.  After sitting down, the waiter brought us our water but did not ask if we wanted a cocktail.  Ten minutes later, we did order cocktails, apps, and our entrrees.  Our drinks did not arrive for at least twenty minutes--very disappointing.  More disappointing still is that my wife's wine was undrinkable. She asked for another glass, which was brought out shortly thereafter. I must admit we rarely, if ever, send food or drinks back to the bar/ kitchen.   I must say the food was very good.  The fries, French onion soup, and the squid arrabiatta pasta were all quite enjoyable.  IF I go again, I will try the burger as it looked very good and many other diners ordered it. Perhaps the most disappointing thing is that the first glass of wine, that had been sent back, was still on our bill.  I only gave the waiter a ten% tip and I NEVER give only a ten% tip. Great space and location.  Good food that we enjoyed . Terrible service.
Fantastic, fresh and local!  The grits as a side are a definite, save room for dessert - especially the S'mores!
Phenomenal. Duck egg Scotch eggs, amazing onion rings, duck confit, fried oysters, superb cocktails. A must try.
Awesome food!!!!!! Decently priced and we were there for 1/2 priced bottles of wine it was a perfect surprise! The octopus/squid app was amazing and such a different spin very refreshing :) the clams were also a good of app  but the best part was the sauce they were in the pot of buttery sauce we left at our table and our awesome waitress brought us bread to dip in oh was it great I could have eaten it all night. Then my entree the Dirty South (recommended by the waitress) truly topped off my meal I could have licked that plate clean mmmm such a great flavor combo and great portion size! I'm craving it all now just thinking of it. The style of the restaurant is really neat I wish I could tenement out waitresses name she was spectacular tall pretty blonde/brunette I think maybe Melissa or Elizabeth ---- well all the service looked good and the food is great definitely a must eat if your in town-- yum! Almost forgot the bet part -- grown up s'mores!!!! You gotta save room for dessert and share the s'mores so freakin amazing!
Just a great meal all the way around...wonderful small plates, great entrees, nice selection of craft beers.    There were a lot of hits...fried oysters, coffee rubbed flank steak, stuffed eggs, homemade sausage, great homemade ketchup (our kid asked for heinz which they have).     If I worked downtown, this would be a go-to spot for me.
Came here on my last night of vacation in Orlando. Great decor, ambience, and service. Nice to see many of the ingredients are local. Beer list includes many local and organic brews. Had the squid and octopus and the steak. Food would have been great if they held back on the salt. Everything I tried there just ended up being a touch too salty. Also didn't care for the mashed kidney beans with my steak. Also tried the smores for dessert which was the best meal of the night. If I'm ever down there again, I would give it a second chance
This place has great ambiance and interesting food choices with a focus on local sources. We ate there on a recent Sunday evening and were surprised at how few people were dining.  The food is very good.   We started with the stuffed eggs --- salty, savory deliciousness served in cute ceramic egg crate.  I had a salad special --- Bibb lettuce topped with sour cherries, duck confit, and tiny bits of almond brittle.  My partner had grilled swordfish served on a bed of eggplant salad and topped with an oil-cured olive relish.
Fantastic. Very knowledgeable staff and a fantastic menu for both the adventurous and refined. Herbed eggs were flavorful and perfectly cooked as well as perfectly plated. Fall lasagnia (sm) was a perfect portion, wonderful umami flavor and a subtle sweetness. Fresh Pasta was a little under cooked but could not curtail my appetite.
They share the same concept as Pine 22 in utilizing fresh and organic ingredients from our beloved local farms. Their menu is very diverse and unique. I really liked it! I think it is a wonderful addition to Downtown Orlando. The place feels trendy, romantic and classy... which would be a great place to impress someone's expectations. (cross-post)
This is my absolute FAVORITE restaurant in Orlando right now! The restaurant is beautiful and the food is AMAZING! I have tried something different everytime I'm there and everytime I am pleased. I have now brought dates here, family members and any visiting guests. It is my 'go-to' place in Orlando for great food in the heart of downtown. The food is great and the prices are completly reasonable. The drink prices are a little high but I wouldnt let that keep you from going. I recommend this highly to everybody!
Wow, stumbled on this amazingly good gastopub , The Rusty Spoon, in Orlando, FL.  No wonder, it's owned and ran by a James Beard award winning chef.   5 star as a gastropub. had the chef whim app'y board (scotch egg, pork rillet, and house made pickles and mortadella) and the grilled octo and squid salad.  everthing was excellent.  for mains we split the giant  pork ossco bucco.  So tender and yummy! For dessert we split their 'rusty doughnuts'. Wowweee!  tender warm pillows of orange zest dough filled with a home-made marshmallow creme, and dusted with cinnamon powdered sugar.  Plus choc sauce to dip them in
Finally tried it last night.  Fantastic!  Sat at the bar, Kenny the bartender was an old skool service king from Boston vs. the normal texting twit you tend to find everywhere these days. Carpaccio app, butcher's steak with killer rub and a side of onion rings ... HOME RUN! Great atmosphere, fantastic live music, going back soon!
