Delicious and cheap! I highly recommend the vegetarian burrito. It's filled with a veggie medley you never thought would taste so good: broccoli, squash, potatoes, tomatoes, onions. It's empty spaces are filled with Spanish rice & refried beans, topped off with avocado and sour cream. A veggie burrito, chips & salsa (HOT salsa) & horchata to cool you down for $10. Seriously, you can't go wrong with this place. I visit this place on the regular. For you meat eaters: $1.85 tacos! (pollo asado, pastor, carnitas, etc)
A good place to satisfy your mid-night hungry. Decent portion with cheap price. I was tired after studio tour and it is getting dark and late. Most restaurants are closed and I yelp this place out. I came here at about 11:30pm and it is still open. I ordered the grilled chicken Mexican sandwich and it ROCKs. I ate it all immediately and it is even better than Mexican food I had in cancun downtown. But my boy friend does not like this place. (He is not into Mexican food at all)Well screw him and I will come here again.
Excellent everything. Love finding shredded beef and the flan was to die for. This place is very inexpensive as well and I could literally eat here everyday
We were looking for decent Mexican Food that was away from the tourist crowd.  I read Yelp, and we decided to try Border Grill. When we arrived, we were somewhat dismayed that it was even more of a hole in the wall than we were expecting, but at 8:00 p.m. on a Tuesday night, the place was hopping.   We were quickly seated, and we ordered some chips and Guac.  This was just o.k., frankly, and it took a few minutes for the waitress to come and take our dinner order.  But, in retrospect, we couldn't really blame her, because she was running in every direction due to the number of people who were showing up as we sat there.  Once she came back to our table, she was extremely welcoming and friendly. I ordered the shredded beef chimichanga, and others ordered tacos and flautas.  All was extremely well prepared, made to order, and delicious. All-in-all, I would highly recommend this place for a quick bite away from the tourist crowds.  It is definitely a local place, and we were impressed with the quality of the food. Oh, and by the way, it is CHEAP, too!!
This is now my GO TO MEXICAN food joint. The staff was SUPER nice.  All of the food was delicious. The Queso dip had a nice kick to it. The Guacamole was very fresh The Asada Tacos were delicious and grilled to perfection. The Chicago burrito with chicken and chorizo was DELISIOUS.   I was in a bit of a hurry and they did there best to accommodate me.   Coming from Chicago this place is just what I've been looking for.  Oh and to top it all of the food is all reasonably priced. IF you don't try it then that will be one less person in line I have to stand behind.   A MUST!
Best Mexican food I have found in Orlando! I have never had anything here that was anything but delicious. Enchiladas Verde are my favorite. This place gets pretty busy at lunchtime, so plan ahead.
The meal was well worth the money. The food tasted fresh and the portions were excellent. I will definitely make a return trip soon.
Border is probably the best Mexican food I have had in years, and I'm from Texas. Definitely the best chimichanga I have had in years.  I had shredded beef, and it was awesome. I tried some of the hot salsa( habanero and avacado yum!) on all my food, definite must try for fans of heat. Chips and salsa homemade, and everything on the menu was reasonably priced. My chimi plate was 6.50 and was fat full, will be back before leaving Orlando!
Countless are the times that I've driven past this unremarkable plaza that houses an oasis from the cookie cutter Mexican restaurants in the area: Border Grill. This family owned and operated restaurant defines authentic Mexican food. I asked the gentleman behind the register for a recommendation. "Everything we have is incredible," he informed me. I ordered three tacos: lengua, carnitas, y pollo asado. The tres tacos were at my table within 10 minutes. He was right; I fell in love. Each of the meats were served sleeping in a lightly fried corn tortilla, and tucked under a sheet of cilantro and onion. I devoured the tacos and then ordered three more. The six tacos came to roughly $12. Three years have gone by since my first visit, and I'm a loyal patron 'til this day. This is Mexican cuisine at its finest.
Omg thank goodness! I've been searching for a decent Mexican restaurant for a while and this is it! I got enchiladas verde with tomatillo salsa and a chile relleno. It was DELICIOUS! Could probably skip the sour cream they put on top though... Rice and beans were nice and moist unlike the days old dry stuff I've been running in to. A Dos XX Lager to top off the perfect meal. Thank you thank you for the best food I've had in a long while!!!!
We are from California and Yelp did not dissapoint. This hole in the wall serves amazing mexican food.  I had the Chicago, family got the tacos.  Get outside the resorts......
Hiding Gem In Orlando ! Flavors beat El Torito and other chain restaurants. Flavors are amazing. Everything is fresh. Chips Salsa/ Guacamole is a most ( and a beer). Affordable prices and NBA Game Miami Heat Game Was One Happy Gal :)
Good authentic mexican food, I love chorizo tacos and this place hit the nail on the head, also tried their palbi?(slow roasted pork) tacos and it was awesome, too bad for me that everything thing worth having is miles away, which means I can't frequent this place as I would like, but now I know where to go when I want some mexican food.
Heard about this place for years and finally went. First, there is no air conditioning. It is Florida, in the summer, a/c is a must. I got the burrito, it was tasty. It came with refried beans, they were cold (as we're everyone's in our party) and a little soupie. Other has the chimichanga and they all liked it, especially with the marinated pork.  The "cheese" sauce appetizer with chips is a white cheese and although it was tasty it was very watery. We are going to give it another try when it is cooler out and we want to try the tacos
Guacamole was good. Salsa is OK. We are getting Chicago burritos, fllautas and enchiladas verde. The beef flautas were really good. I went back a second time to have them. It was an inexpensive restaurant and the food reminded me of Texas.
SOLID!  First time of what will likely be many.  I used to spend a couple months a year in Mexico and this place is legit!  Today they had a special on fish tacos and 1/2 our group got those and couldn't saying anything except raging reviews.  I had the beef tacos and they were as tasty as I have had.  Prices are great - 3 tacos, rice and beans for $8.  I will surly make this place a regular stop. One problem - they get killer busy at lunch.  Luckily we got there early and didn't have to wait but just to order they were running a good 5-10 minutes.  I would say it is worth the wait but if you are short for lunch time you better get it to go.
I love this place. It is cheap, fast and  delicious.   Cheap: For 4.99 i can get two tacos plus a side of beans and rice. Fast: food is usually really in under 10 minutes Delicious: I have tried a bunch of different meats on my tacos and each one of them has a unique and yummy flavor. I still can't decide on my favorite, but if i had to pick two they would be steak and marinated pork.
Tacos supreme were great, flavorful, and filling!  The guacamole was absolutely perfect! My date got the Chicago burrito and said that it was one of the best burritos he's ever had and the sliced avocados were a nice change from the usual guacamole. The tortilla was also a bit crispy and had a nice flavor! Definitely a hole in the wall but it's always a good sign when half if the people dining with you are local Mexicans. Definitely authentic and delicious!
The best possible decision you will ever make. Do not think twice. This place is amazing!!! I don't even need to go into details. Everything is just spectacular. Ps. Try the Pibil tacos...you won't be disappointed.
Great simple food.
I just ate here for the second time with my BF last night and I am officially a fan! The first time I went I was admittedly a little underwhelmed, but still enjoyed everything enough to go back when I was craving tacos last night. So glad I did because everything was spot on this time. So far I've tried the pibil, el pastor, shredded and ground beef and pollo asado and I have no complaints about any of them. All delicious and wonderfully seasoned. I was surprised by the quality of the taste of the ground beef as it's not usually very pronounced, but they even made that taste flavorful. I know that corn tortillas are more authentic and I do like them, but I'm a fan of crispy shells so that's what I got last night along with the "supreme" taco platter (need that cheese and sour cream, yum). The rice and beans are very yummy too. I was licking my plate clean by the end. BF got the burrito ranchero and then the chimichanga. Both were yummy, but my favorite was the chimi (drenched in cheese sauce, oh yeahh.). Oh, and we shared chips and guacamole, which was fantastic. Very fresh and simple just how I like it. I docked a star only because they messed up our orders the first time we went and the overall experience was not up to par. They definitely made up for it last night and left me wanting more. Can't wait to go back to try their sopes and some of their Aqua Frescas (hearing great things about Horchata )! Both of the ladies who cashed us out were very friendly and sweet. I love supporting local businesses and these guys rock at it.
In Orlando on vacation and was looking on Yelp for a place to eat and thought we'd give Borders a try. So glad we did! We had chips and cheese dip for an appetizer, very yummy! My husband and I had chicken chimichangas and my son had a chicken quesadilla. All was very good and filling. We couldn't finish our good. The only downside was they didn't have fountain soda and had to pay $1/can for soda.  Regardless, the food was awesome and we would eat there again!
Authentic Mexican food! Awesome service! This is a small place in the little shopping center next to the fire station. Ooommmgggg! The food is so good, and cheap! The staff are always friendly and give large portions. You cannot go wrong eating here!
After a long day at universal we were craving something cheap and away from the amusement parks. We found this place thanks to other reviews. It is such a tiny place. But man the food was good. We ordered chips and guac (which was made fresh and was fantastic) we both also order chimichangas his chicken mine carnitas. I have to brag I liked mine more (carnitas) all in all the workers were very friendly, the food was fresh and very good. All in all I don't have a single complaint. I do recommend getting a table outside. It was March and absolutely beautiful out for dinner so we sat outside. Head to this place, you will not be disappointed.
Our kind of place - authentic and casual.  Ordered a variety of burritos (Chicago - Al Pastore meat), tacos (Al Pastore, Carne, and steak) with onion and cilantro (YUM), and a quesadilla.  Latin Music playing, the opening games of baseball (plus a few great Northwestern Mutual ads), and a wonderful mix of guests.  Very reasonable.  Nice service.  Homemade chips and salsa / guac were the perfect start to this great meal that hit the spot after a day at Islands of Adventure.
The food is amazing in flavor and prices are cheap!!!! The owner is so nice and will make sure your order is correct. If you want authentic Mexican street food, this is the place.
Yum!  If you know me, tacos and breakfast are my favorite meals so I know a thing or two about them. So, if you like authentic Mexican tacos(or even the Americanized version I got) you'll want to hurry here.  It's in a small unassuming shopping center but it was definitely worth the trip from my place in Audubon Park. We were a party 7 and ordered a few chips and salsa and cheese dips for the table.  The service was quick and friendly and the food was great!  I'll definitely be back!
Fresh, authentic, and hard to find.  We came in for some Mexican, the sauces tasted fresh and the food was good.  The restaurant is small so seating can be a challenge.  We enjoyed our meals and they make their own horchata.
As picky New Yorkers, we thought the reviews would be exaggerated. The reviews are SO on point. The most fresh guacamole we've ever tasted, combined with the incomparable agua fresca (try the water melon), this place is incomparable. Super friendly service and speed!!!! We will definitely be returning on our next visit!!
Located on Vineland Avenue near Kirkman Road, Border Grill is one of my favorite places in town for authentic Mexican street tacos. I first found out about Border Grill from our friends at Taco Tuesdays, started by father and son team (Keith H and his son Brandon) and a group of friends on Yelp who came together to try to come together each week to check out a new taco place. It's a hole in the wall, with maybe less than 15 seats inside, and can be a bit hard to find. But rest assured, this place provides some of the most authentic Mexican fare out side of Mexico City. The tacos here are the stars, with various styles written on their chalk board. You order at the counter from their list of tacos, burritos, sopes, and other specialities. You can try from one of their many taco styles like their braised carnitas pork tacos, chorizo sausage, or carne asada with grilled steak. The owner recommends (and I can attest for) the fantastic pollo asado grilled chicken, tacos al pastor made with marinated and grilled pork, and Pibil style tacos made with Yucatan style pork marinated in orange juice and baked in banana leaves. They also serve lengua (beef tongue) for those who are more adventurous. The tacos come in corn tortillas, street style, with just some cilantro & onions, and a variety of salsas with varying intensities of spiciness available on the side of the counter. The owner told me that the tortillas come fresh each day from the local tortilleria that makes them down the street on Oak Ridge Road.
California Burrito in FL, as weird as it sounds taste great and I was in Cali a week ago so my palette hasnt been "cleansed"  as yet. Not as big like in Cali but just as if not more flavorful.
While I was on vacation in Orlando, I found this place on yelp. And while the service was good, and the food was good, I don't see what all the hype is about: its not all that. I ordered 3 taco supreme, enchiladas with red sauce, and a milanesa torta. I guess they made a mistake because I did not get the taco supreme, instead I got these tacos in a corn tortilla. However, despite the mix-up on their part, I didn't complain because they were great. The rice and beans it came with were just ok. The enchiladas were good, and my boyfriend ate the torta, and thought it was pretty good too. It was fast, fair priced, and pretty good food, but not anything out of this world.
Wow, is all I can say. This place is a total dive but, as is often the case with hole-in-the-wall restaurants, the food is amazing. $11 for four tacos and a beer. If you enjoy freshly made, simple (I.e., no sour cream and American cheese) tacos, this is a place you must try. Also, ask for the spicy salsa.
Great attention and delicious food, I'm going to return for more ;) I tried the flautas and my wife the enchiladas. Congratulations for your tasty food.
We went to Borders Grill this evening for dinner, and it was fantastic! We spent a long day in Universal Studios and wanted to avoid a run-of-the-mill fast-food dinner. Based on some good reviews from Yelp, we went to Borders Grill and were not disappointed. The place is a little hole-in-the-wall that should not be missed. It's in a small strip mall and can be easily overlooked from the street. There's not a lot of seating inside the restaurant, but we were fortunate enough to score a table for 4 (at 6pm on a Saturday night, that's pretty good). The waitress quickly cleaned up the table and got our orders (I'm not very fussy about cleanliness in casual dining, so no biggie). First, our server brought a large basket of tasty chips and salsa. I thought that the salsa had some kick; my husband thought that the salsa was mild. Spicy or mild, we scraped that salsa bowl clean. Then, I ordered a chicken enchilada and a supremo steak taco with beans and rice. It was DELICIOUS - period. The chicken was moist, tendered and delicately seasoned (the spices didn't overpower it). The steak in the taco was grilled to perfection - it was moist and seasoned beautifully. Even the rice, which was orange in color, didn't taste like the run-of-the-mill rice that you typically eat as as side dish. The food was as vibrant in color as it was in taste, which I love. The price was very inexpensive. Most dishes run about $5 - $7, which includes the beans and rice. The service was good; our server was quick in taking our order and delivering the goods. The ambiance was quaint - the walls were decorated with dollar bills with notes / signatures from satisfied customers. Overall, it was a great experience. If we travel to Orlando again, we'll definitely return.
Visiting from California, never had such great Mexican food. You don't get a rating like this for no reason. To top it off, everything was clean and the workers were all awesome! Thank you for the great food, keep up the good work.
My go to place whenever im craving tacos. The staff is always friendly and service is quick. The tacos al pastor are so good as well as the carnitas. Love their refried beans and the horchata is maybe the best ive had. Love it.
Fantastic food, service, and ambiance. The food is clean and tastes amazing. The employees are all welcoming and it's a great place to relax for a while. They bring your food out quickly and are attentive to your needs. Best of all, you get a ton of food for a GREAT price!
Ooh...hard to find this place with the sign torn down and your only indications is the illuminated neon sign screaming "Authentic Mexican" in the window. BUT, when you do find it (and it is pretty tiny), you DO feel like you've just been on a scavenger hunt and you finally found your hidden treasure!! *insert "Woo-Girl" noise here* :) hehe I knew immediately upon walking in I was in a REAL Mexican authentic place. The "real" Mexican as in from the country Mexico, as in, the Yucatan Peninsula Mexican food. Their chalk board menu screams of traditional Mexican foods that you would find in central Mexico such as: - El Pastor - A piece of pork that is marinated in a combination of dried chiles for 1-2 days and cooked vertically and shaved upon serving, similar to how one would cook lamb and cut lamb for gyros.   - Chorizo - Mexican sausage which generally gets its deep red coloring from dried red peppers - Lengua - Cow tongue which is generally braised with garlic and onions which is tender in flavor and offers an aromatic deep flavor from the garlic and onions Looking at their salsa and pickled selection, it was your basic assortment that you would find anywhere in Mexico, minus the radishes and green onions, but what I did enjoy was seeing the shredded cabbage with shredded habaneras. The sauces were spicy and geeewwwd, but let me also share that I have a high spice tolerance so I would recommend to someone with an American palate to go easy on these sauces. And what else makes this place "authentic" Mexican you ask? Well, it's quite simple. It's the agua frescas that they have hiding in their refrigerator. I'm used to seeing these in jars where people would ladle them into a glass but looking at the size of this place, it's literally your hole-in-the-wall that you mark down in your book as a hidden gem which should be shared by all, so it's easy to understand why they don't have them in the traditional jars. :) AND, if you're not familiar with agua frescas: - Horchata - a creamy, cinnamon flavored rice milk that's like dessert in a cup. (seriously, I luh luh looOOooove drinking this with my Mexican meals because the base from the milk will help coat your mouth so you can continue to handle eating the spicy foods...ya, sorry, I got a little technical there) :) Oh, and by the way, this place has THE BEST Horchata....in all of the land! - Watermelon - Pure squeezed watermelon juice - Cantaloupe - Pure squeezed cantaloupe juice (I think you're seeing a trend here!) Varieties may change on a daily basis so it's important to ask the cashier what kinds they have. And while the beans and rice were done exactly as they should have been, the tortillas didn't seem as if they were homemade. Honestly, I'm overlooking the tortillas because they were still close to the real deal and when you stuff them with the quality of meats and ingredients such as what was offered here at Borders Grill, you too will quickly overlook them as well. My coworker had never had authentic Mexican before and I'm soooo glad I was the first to introduce him to something that's been hiding waaay tooooo long here in Orlando. We walked out of there with an endorphin induced happiness but the best part was watching him try their horchata. He looked like he was a kid having discovered candy for the first time his eyes got so big! lol So when you're in the mood for some Mexican, this is THE place to try. Check it out yo! On a side note, I'm actually kinda wondering if they make tamales around Christmas!! One can only hope that they will and if they don't, maybe if they get enough requests (hint hint, nudge nudge, wink wink) we can get them to consider offering a holiday special. :) *batting my dreamy eyes*
Real. Authentic. Words you hear each and every Mexican place claim. Well ladies and gents, Border Grill delivers. It's hidden in a very small shopping strip near Universal off Kirkman. Not the most usual spot for amazing food but you can find deliciousness here!! It's a tiny spot with only one 4 top table about 3 two tops and 2 tables out front. You def don't come here for the decor. It's more of an ambiance spot. Ambiance of authenticity. There is a chalkboard of all the amazing forms of meat available. I went with the highly suggested Pastor (marinated pork) and Pibil (Yucatan Slow Roasted Pork) tacos and yes, flavor happiness approved. The guac here is so fresh that when you order it, it's not out of a "batch" you see fresh avocados being cut! So yes, this means more time to wait for your meal but SO worth it. Guys, this is the epitome of a local business and a FAB one at that. The nice young lady who rocks this spot is so happy and you can tell she enjoys feeding people. She asks you your name, not to only let you know when your order is ready, but to thank you for coming in. LOVE!
This place is quick, cheap and delicious - all major qualifiers for a five star review from me! I work nearby, and this place is a favorite lunch spot for us - I'm a big fan of their tacos autenticos with chicken - they're served in corn tortillas and they are AWESOME, and it comes with rice and beans! I've come a couple times with some people who are gluten-free, and it has never been an issue. Note: Yes, service is a little different from your typical sit down place, but it's quick-service, so it's not that bad. Also, the entrance has a sign over it for a Thai place, but don't worry, you're in the right spot. Make sure to get there kind of early for lunch - seating can kind of be tricky if you don't time it right!
The place is fantastic. Food is delicious and filling. As an earlier review said, pay no attention to the exterior and interior. It's like finding a diamond in the rough. The service was good and really worked for their money. The owner was active in helping and checking on the customers. Our waitress was one of two helping everyone and carryouts. I definitely recommend this place for an expensive, good place to eat.
Authentic, Fresh, service and variety equals perfection.  Yes, the place is small and it is a little difficult to find.  However, this is how  you find the amazing little places that make some of the best food you'll ever have.   Taco Tuesday was joined by the Orlando Foodspotting Eatup crowd at Border Grill.  We only had some reviews and a few pictures to prepare us, but it wasn't enough.  We were shocked at how great the food was and the personalities of those working there made the experience enjoyable. I had the pastor and pibil, both pork products, but the pibil is roasted in the oven.  My two tacos came with refried beans and rice.  The lettuce, cheese and tomatoes were fresh.  the meat was juicy, packed with flavor and had me wanting more when I took the last bite!  I selected one of their medium-hot sauces to sprinkle on top, while the original ingredients didn't need any help, it added a kick I loved! The staff was overwhelmed but took it all in stride.  They worked hard to please everyone and for the most part I think they pulled it off.  Hats off to them.  For me personally, I think Border Grill has the best combination and best tasting taco.  I had no complaints about the quality, freshness or variety.  A+ We'll be back BG!
Never have i seen a place with perfect 5 stars from everyone, of course its only 5 other people, but i had to try this place after reading them.   First off, i'm a HUGE fan of good mexican food. I'm not a Tex Mex adobe Gila or Don Pablos kind of person, actually i HATE those places.   This place is the REAL DEAL.  I kid you not, the BEST mexican taco i've ever had.  I do the tres tacos, and recommend trying a different Meat that is listed on the daily chalk board.  Try them ALL! they are all good!  This place is my new sanctuary for prayer.  I'm quiting church and religion bc i've finally found the Holy One everytime i take a bite of these tacos.  My co-worker has been eating here now 4 weekdays and counting!  This will be my second day in a row, and he's actually bringing me a Pastor chimichanga RIGHT NOW as i type.  My mouth is watering and i'm kind of getting aroused also.  I think i'm quiting oysters and gonna bring my gf here to get in the mood.....ok i digress. The place is TINY, it gets busy for lunch from 12-1pm.  The food is fresh, the little salsa bar is fantastic, and the owner is very friendly.  I've use every bit of Spanish i know to get on her good side because i know i'll be living here for lunch at least twice a week. Oh man, he just came back with my chimi....no time to type now. Andale! Andale!
Believe the 5 star rating. Everyone was right this place is delicious. Chips and cheese was perfect. They have a great selection of homemade salsas. Meat was cooked perfectly. The rice and beans are great as well.
I'm one who looks at the atmosphere of a restaurant almost as much as the food; I like to think of it as a package deal.  It drives my husband crazy, but I feel if I'm paying money I want to enjoy where I'm eating it.  Luckily I don't always hold true to that thinking. Tuesdays have been the day of the week where my husband and I go out and about exploring Orlando. This particular day I would normally want to dine on a patio, but I opted to check out Border Grill.  Yes I knew it was in a strip mall and yes I knew it was a small space, but I had heard wonderful things about this Mexican restaurant and atmosphere was not going to keep me away. We got there relatively early for lunch, so we had no issue with it be crowded.  We browsed the menu and a number of items caught my eye.  I appreciate that the menu is not overwhelming; though if you are a vegetarian you should look elsewhere.   I could not resist ordering the Enchiladas Verde topped with green tomatillo salsa. My husband ordered a beef Chimichanga. We took one of the few tables and waited to be served.  Both of our dishes came out with a side of refried beans and rice. The plates were beautifully presented.  Wow, the tastes were amazing.  When dining out my husband and I give a bite for a bite to see who out ordered the other.  This is one of the few times where we thought both dishes were equally delicious.  The meat, the salsa, even the beans and rice just had great flavor.  This was a meal that I will end up craving when thinking about Mexican food. While Boarder Grill may be lacking a stylish dining room they aren't lacking fantastic Mexican food.  In the end that's really all that matters.
Dear Border Grill, where have you been all my life?! I noticed that several of my Yelp friends checked in here a lot, and when I read the reviews I immediately started drooling. Today I went here for the first time and WOW! What a gem! What a great hole in the wall! I tried three tacos with shredded beef and a side of rice  plus a Mexican Coke (real sugar!!) The tacos were huge. I should have ordered two as it was hard for me to finish the last one, but finish it I did! Ingredients were very fresh and the meal was perfectly done. I really need to up the mileage of my runs because Border Grille is right down the road from me so I am in danger of becoming obese.
Coming from Austin, TX, where we LOVE our tacos, going outside of TX means not eating Mexican food because it's sure to disappoint. However, the food here is unlike any Mexican food I've had. It was so amazing that we ended up eating there two nights in a row! FOOD: The chips and salsa were fresh and tasty. The guac was the creamiest I've ever tasted. My husband had enchiladas the first night...so good! I, being dairy-free and gluten intolerant had the corn tortilla taquitos...amazing! I'm sure there was cross-contamination from the fryer (they fry their flour tortillas in the same oil), but I didn't get sick. I never eat the rice and beans, but I couldn't get enough this time! The second night I had 3 tacos, which were also amazing. My husband got their mole...holy shit! NEVER had a mole so good...seriously, epic! We topped off our experience with the flan...stupid good! Like, I made myself sick with fair allergy because one bite wasn't enough, good! ESTABLISHMENT: unassuming hole-in-the-wall that i wouldn't have entered if not for Yelp, but I can't end this crazy-long review without talking about the owner. She is a wonderfully sweet woman from Mexico City, carrying on her grandmother's legacy with these authentic recipes. She shared all her recipe secrets with us without hesitation (I think it's because she said her greatest secret was cooking with love and heart...nobody can replicate that). She was a pleasure to talk to! Go eat there...soooo good! :)
Ok I wasn't coming to Border Grill initially and If it weren't for YELP I would have never found it.   Location Hint: it's located in the same strip mall where Junior Colmabian Burgers used to have their food truck before they moved down the road to the brick and mortar shop.  It's literally just to the right of Thai Island look for the "Authentic Mexican Food Sign" in the window. There is no Border Grill sign for Outside just yet. Ok ok ok, I'm a Gringo and I'm ok with that do I ordered the non adventurous California Burrito and a Tecate in a can with a lime wedge. My taste buds love me and I love Border Grill. Yes yes, I deserve a beating for not going authentic. I, however, stepped back up and ordered the Pibil. It's a small shredded pork taco Yucatan style, topped with diced onion and cilantro.   What's Yucatan style, hell if I know I'm a gringo remember, but my eye tells me it's slow roasted with chilis   Giving it a reddish orange hue and my stomach says, I don't care it's damn freaking good and go get me some more, damn freaking Gringo. Listen my stomach tells me to do something, I listen. More please! Right, so I'll be back and next time when my buddie and his wife ask me, "Where do you eat around here?" I know where I'm going.  Border Grill Son, and don't you forget it.   Props to Mike and Sharon for the recommendation.
Small dingy looking place, but great Mexican food after shopping at premium Outland on international drive. Ordered burritos, pork tacos, and enchilada .. The last was a little too soggy... Otherwise, we loved it! The condiments at the counter were beautiful! I licked it all up! Waitress was so lovely... A gem!
Something good this way comes, when you follow your fellow yelpers. I've driven past a little unnamed strip mall on Vineland near Kirkland hundreds of times, but never knew the Border Grill existed.  That's because there's no sign for it.  There's also an unnamed pizza place, a Thai restaurant, a British supermarket and Irish pub in this unassuming center.  And a chiropractor, a travel agency, a dog groomer, t-shirt shop (5 for $10), and hair salon. Border Grill is one of those places that surprises and delights.  It is nothing more than a hole in the wall, but serves some enticing Mexican dishes that you order at the counter. My choices were few as a vegetarian/pescetarian, but the vegetarian burrito came out piping hot and was loaded with simply delicious veggie items.  Along with the burrito, I had fresh chips and a fine salsa.  I couldn't eat it all. C'est la Vie say the old folks, it goes to show you never can tell.
As good as it gets. Border Grill is a great great mom and pop place where you get great food and great service. The draw back is that it is very small, 15 people small, but oh man the food is awesome. One of the better if not best Mexican places  I have been too. What is equally great is the fact that 3 generations are working and cooking there. We say the grandmother, mother and daughter all working together learning and cooking up some killer food! I would highly recommend Border grill, we will def. be back next time in Orlando! Cheers and where else can you get mom's cooking!
Found on Yelp and a bit disappointed.  Seven of us arrived and the small restaurant was not busy.  The service seemed to try, but was very poor.  Appetizers only came for one of our two tables and it took awhile to resolve.  My father's order did not come out with the others and had to wait another ten minutes.  We had to ask numerous times for extra salsa and to refill drinks we had to go up to counter. Three of us had the Chicago Burrito.  All said they were good, but Moes was as good or better.  My wife had a chicken quesadilla which was a bit dry and they forgot her rice and beans. My meal might have been the best of the lot, I had a steak Chimichanga which I really enjoyed once I had some salsa to add on top.  The highlight of meal was our boys seeing an Orlando Magic player in corner of restaurant.
Sometimes is pays to  have the full function web based cell phone. This lunch  rubbed that point in  -  again  as I'm pretty sure I simply ordered the wrong thing. Having access to  YELP  on site would have steered me to the best  choice(s) I certain. I mean look at all those  4 & 5  ratings. My Beef Burrito Ranchero was really - no big deal. The ranchero cheese, may have been missed on my entree too (whaa!) Refried beans were ok, as was the pretty pile of mexican rice; that rarely ever has made a difference. I'll plan to go back and update  ordering something that has been cheered along with a Pineapple water. The flavored water samples, look very promising. Odd too that tea is $1.45 and reg. and a soda is $1.00.
I have to say that this is my favorite authentic Mexican tacos spot in Orlando! My favorite tacos to order are Tacos Asada and Tacos Carnitas. Tacos Pibil is pretty tasty too! For my drink, I always order Fresca de Sandia (Watermelon juice) and my brother likes to get either the horchata or hibiscus juice. Everything is fresh and authentic here, with the proper lime slice, onions, and cilantro toppings. If you want a more Americanized tacos, you can request sour cream and cheese on your tacos. The establishment is small, but the food is awesome! Tacos Tuesdays are always tasty at the Border Grill!
Some of the best Mexican food I've had in a while.  Everything was so fresh and simple, just the way I like it. Ended up having the pibil which was delectable and the carne asada which were on point.  Our order came with rice and beans on the side. This is a true hole in the wall restaurant as seating and space are at a premium. Be for warned the line can get pretty long. But the food is worth the wait!
So, I am not really sure what all the fuss is about here. I came in on a Friday evening since we were in the area.  I like the fact that they are in a somewhat of an obscure location on a main road, and that the there is seating for maybe, 12 people in the entire place, but the tacos are just good.  Not fantastic.   To be fair I did sample 4 different taco meats (pastor, tongue, chicken and beef)  They were all good, but i think pastor was my favorite.  The tacos are not fresh made from scratch (at least when I was there), and the salsa bar is more like 4 different hot sauces in a little container.   This is authentic Mexican, but not the best I have had, and definitely much better than any chain restaurant. #Yelp100
Oh my this is such a great little gem, it started innocuously enough in an obscure little shopping center that I will not have given a second look, which would have been my lost. This little taqueria is run by a family that truly knows how to prepare MEXICAN food, let me reiterate Mexican not TEX MEX which I also adore but every now and then I yearn for the Mexican fare. My first encounter with the pastor and pibil tacos are roasted in the oven and came with refried beans and rice. the meat was juicy, packed with flavor and not dripping with fat grease. My second date with Border Gille, I had the Al Pastor burrito and my daughter got Chicken Flautas w/ rice & beans, again great selections packed with great flavors. My next encounter I will be having the mole, can't wait for that :) Pros of Border Grille Fresh Full of flavors Authentique Cons Small space Lack of signs and information to find it This has become quickly my fav spot to stop on this side of town :)
I don't see why people are complaining about signage, I found it to be more than adequate. Watermelon water was amazing, I thought the red and green salsas had a strong smokey flavor to then which I did not enjoy, the pico was a lot more watery than I prefer also. The guac was stellar, chunky and flavorful the way I make it. Chips freshly made on site was an added bonus as well. I order three taco supremes: 1pastor, 1carne asada, & 1carnitas, the meats were all cooked great, moist & juicy. The Pastor (marinated pork) was my favorite of the three. I will definitely be going back when ever I'm in the MetroWest side of town. I already sent info of this place to three of my friends.
Meh I don't see the hype that everyone's talking about. The food is certainly not the most appealing meaxican I've ever eaten, nor the most flavorful. I had the 3 Mexican city tacos with steak, pork, and chicken all which of were mediocre. The rice and beans were definitely just OK. But hey the price was cheap aw hell so there's that.
LOVE IT yet again!  Back in town and insisted on going here again.  They have expanded their business past 5 tables.  Apparently they bought the space next door and broke down a wall.  They added several tables and a wait staff!  The chicken tacos were great as were the shreaded beef burrito.  With the addition of the watermelon and pineapple agua frescas the meal was complete and satisfying.  Hope I get to come back to the area for work again soon.
They need to get a sign - only then will i give them the fifth star.  Even after reading several reviews describing the lack of sign, i still had trouble finding Border Grill. But i certainly have no complaints about the food.  Reasonably priced, authentic, and delicious - i can't add much to what others have said, except to re-iterate that the Watermelon water and the sweat tea are both wonderful compliments to the amazing food you will enjoy here.
Mexican, Hole in the Wall, Family Owned... what more can you ask for? I felt almost like a part of me was back in San Diego. We fell upon this little mexican place by accident, and wow are we glad we did. The Owner is a pleasure to speak to and you can tell how happy she is to run such a cute little place. We ordered our food to go. I ordered the Chicago Style Burrito with carne asada. You can have it with whatever you meat you choose: Choice of asada, al Pastor, carnitas, shredded beef or grilled chicken filled with rice, beans, romaine lettuce, sour cream, onions, cilantro, tomatoes and slices of avacado... What more can you ask for. My boyfriend got the California Style - I wouldn't say it's California style but he loved it. It has french fries inside, so if you like fries with your burrito you can't go wrong. We also ordered the guacamole with chips - chips were a bit salty but the guacamole was Delish. We also ordered one small taco in a flour tortilla, the meat - al Pastor. It was very good. I will definitely be visiting the Border when we go back to Orlando. FYI - If you are looking for this place you will not find the name as they do not have a sign that actually says "Border Grill", you will however see a big lit sign on the window that says "Authentic Mexican Cuisine". It's a definite try if you are in the area. xo, kristin nicole
Do's: Tacos, Guac Don't:  Burrito IF you don't like lettuce in your burrito How people find this spot, I have no idea. There little to no signage; I was thoroughly puzzled when I pulled into the parking lot. But this is definitely a great find, and this hidden gem is worth going to. The taco's were great. The meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned... awesome. And at $2 a pop, they're a steal! The burrito was ok. I don't enjoy burritos with lettuce inside, so that was unfortunate, but the meat was tasty and overall it's a decent burrito. The gucamole is REALLY fresh, though the chips are subpar. If they only had better chips, this would have been amazing. I'll be back to try the rest of their menu, that mole is calling my name!
YuMMy! Finally found the best authentic mexican in town ..imho of course. I had the Chicago style burrito w/ shredded beef here, the burritos are huuuge here and this one was stuffed with mexican rice, refried beans, lettuce, tomato, gooey cheese, succulent beef, sour cream, and 2 slices of avocado. They make it good and they make it right here...will definitely be back...this is a small place so look carefully its right next to Eggroll 99.
We've finally found our local, authentic Mexican restaurant! Tiny place, very little seating, with poor air conditioning - but REAL good Mexican tacos. A new favorite for sure! It's the best Mexican food we've found here in the Orlando area. The chicken soup is excellent, with rice, avocado, and vegetables and a wonderful broth. Tacos are similar to ones you would get in Mexico or Southern California, with onions, cilantro, and lime.
THIS PLACE IS DELICIOUS!! BEST MEXICAN FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD!! I found this place the other night and have been hooked ever since. The food is FRESH, made to order.  The Guacamole is so good; the chips have a hint of lime!! I have only had the Enchiladas (chicken) w/ Verde sauce and it was so gooood!!!  The refried beans are so yummy!! Don't judge this place by the look from the outside, You will be pleasantly surprised!!!  The restaurant is small and it located right near Universal Studios near the corner of Vineland and Kirkman.  It's in a small strip mall near the Chinese rest. It is a family owned establishment and They are doing an OUTSTANDING JOB!! I will continue to go back and try each and everything on the menu.   Try the Horchata- it is a cold drink consisting of Milk, Rice and Sugar and Nutmeg.....it is so tasty!!! I can't say enough great things about this place. Quality Food, Fresh ingredients, Convenient Location, Absolutely Delicious!!! These people are doing some great things!!! Give it a shot!! You will love it!!
I love this place!  Authentic and delicious!  I have tried the pastor and carnitas tacos.  Both were served on soft corn tortillas and were so good!  I also tried the guacamole which was great.  I'm addicted to avocados!  This place is pretty small, clean, very inexpensive, open late and has great service.  In an area that is so touristy and full of chain restaurants this place is a gem.  I highly recommend you stop here for tacos next time you are in the Universal Studios/Idrive area.
Raised in LA, I was taught the five basic food groups: meat, veggies, bread, dairy, and tacos.  When work took me to Orlando for 5 months, I struggled mightily to find a Mexican restaurant in Central Florida that reminded me of home.  This is the closest I've found. It's a small hole in the wall that is so nondescript they don't even have a sign!  We were literally driving around the parking lot thinking it had closed or been abandoned.  I'm almost glad the place is terrible at marketing, otherwise the line would be out the door.   The tacos are good, the prices are reasonable, and the food is freshly prepared by a middle-aged, nice Mexican lady.  It has a mom and pop feel, as if you're dining in someone's house.  This is the exact opposite of other Mexican restaurants I've found in this town which are as ethnic as P.F. Changs.
We live in Northern Virginia and my daughters wanted Mexican after spending the day at Universal Studios. She used Yelp on her android phone to search and we found this hidden gem in a strip mall. We drove by twice but decided to trust Yelp. Great Decision! One of my daughters described what she wanted and the great lady taking the order - created the option. I had the chalk board special - which was a beef enchilada special - it was excellent (we use to live in TX). My wife had tacos with different fiilings. The girls tried a couple of juices, which she recommended. The total bill was around $30 for the four of us. One of daughters wanted a smoothie and she even recommended where I could drive to get one for her! Super Service!
Border Grill is the best Mexican food that I have ever had.  I have eaten there the past two days and have been blown away both times. The chimichanga filled with shredded beef is out of this world amazing.  I highly recommend it. I really like the atmosphere of Border Grill as well.  I'm from a small town in PA, so the quaint atmosphere feels like home.  This is definitely a place I'll be visiting weekly from now on.
Hole Wall Food. clean REal. Cheap. Ah! NB: when I go to a new Mex place (NOT tex Mex) I start with Burrito. LOved it. Melts in your mouth. Next time: tacos ($1.85 each) with all the folksy odd and ends that are real. 8 or ten seats, all against the wall.
The value is definitely there.  Especially after several days of being ripped off eating at restaurants at Universal Orlando and CityWalk.  This was refreshing and the best Mexican food I have found in Florida so far.  Definitely go there and have the Watermelon Aqua Fresca.
Thanks Yelp, this was great.  We drove up from Ft. Lauderdale for a conference, but we live in Cali.  I was all set on NOT eating out Mexican while in Florida, since we can get great Mexican in Cali.  But, But, But......  I couldnt find anything to eat near our hotel that wasnt a chain on a Sunday night.  So, I turned to Yelp and put in the zip code and looked for the highest rated businesses.  Border Grill came up. We drove the 9 miles and took a chance.  The owner was super nice and accomodating.  I wanted white meat chicken on my fajita tacos and she made that just for me.  My partner had carne asada tacos and she said they rivaled the tacos we have back home.  The guac was really good too.   We paid 18.00 for 2 with drinks.  Total bargain. Give this a try, you wont be sorry.
On my never ending quest to find more great taco joints I came across this little gem thanks to Yelp. For those of you that love to find a little hole in the wall that turns out to serve great food at a great price,  this is your place.  Don't let the interior fool you. I started with the guacamole. After polishing it off in mere seconds I wished I had ordered a second batch. It's super fresh and tasty.   For the main course I sampled 3 types of tacos - carnitas, carne asada and al pastor.  Having married into a Mexican family I know what authentic Mexico tastes like and this is it.  The tacos came with a healthy dose of refried beans and rice. Overall a completely satisfying meal. The only thing keeping me from giving this 5 stars was the salsa selection. It may be that I was there late at night and they just hadn't been freshened up salsa bar recently. That said the Salsas were good but not great. Update those and this place is an easy 5 star. Also for you late night munchie fans they are open until midnight. Score! Can't wait to go back.
You will NOT be dissapointed with this great little place. I've come along way in my 15+ visits over the past few months. From leaving happy and thankful just to have found this gem each time I dine there.....to now knowing and chatting up the head cook (Miguel) and the owner (Chris) during each visit. I try to get there straight up 11:00 when they open, as often a small line forms in the doorway...but even if I catch them busy at lunch, Miguel and Chris have full control of the operation! Thanks to both of you for your hard work and great food. It definitely shows and I'm happy to share my hard earned money at your place ANY day of the week to keep the awesomeness moving forward for years to come!   I shared with Chris today that on the days that I know I'm heading to his restaurant... is like the excitement a teenager feels when he's going to see his new girlfriend! Thanks guys...and foodies....You'll love this place! Rob
Rivals any Mexican food I've had back home. Very glad Yelp came through as I'd never would have found this one on my own.
Very authentic Mexican food. Not really the "Americanized" version we are all so used to. I highly recommend it. And they just expanded their dining room and have outdoor seating available. They also have late hours now...open until 2am during the week. Definitely check it out.
Wow, was I missing out or what?! This place is phenomenal! I had this place bookmarked for months since it kept being mentioned in every food talk thread as THE place to get authentic and delicious mexican food. I don't know much about authentic mexican food but I know a lot about delicious. And it was!!! It is a hole in the wall, no doubt. But what is lacking in fancy and space, it makes up in the food. And that is all that matters after all, right?! Comida. I had three tacos; chorizo, carnitas and al pastor. All of them were really good. Topped with just cilantro and onions, it makes them taste so clean and fresh. I tried both corn and flour tortillas and liked the flour tortilla better. The al pastor was my favorite. What really blew it out of the water for me was the chile relleno. SO amazingly delicious. The sauce they pour on top of the chile was ridiculous. I would drink it, no question. No, seriously, I would. My BF had the bisteca a la mexicana which is a steak topped with a sauce made with onions, peppers, tomatoes, etc., accompanied with rice and refritos. Again, the sauce on this was phenomenal and so was the meat. The flan. Oh my lord. Many times I've made the mistake of ordering flan at restaurants and they are usually very bland, no consistency. I know how to make flan so I usually have high expectations. But this place definitely knows how to make the creamy, caramel-y, vanilla-cream cheese goodness that a flan is supposed to be. Outstanding! I accompanied all of this food with some watermelon "agua fresca". It was good, very subtle, maybe a little watery for my taste but that is watermelon. Would love to try the tamarindo next time. Definitely and absolutely worth the drive for me!
Finally a real good Mexican food place in Orlando. I highly recommend.It's open late. the service was good. the price is decent. and the food was amazing. the place could use a cosmetic touch up, but other than that... excellent.
First visit to Border Grill and I must admit, I agree with the 5 star ratings. Based on a recommendation, I ordered the vegetarian burrito and it was delicious. I'm so glad I found this place. I will definitely return.
While Border Grill is a little bare-bones, in a non-descript strip mall that has seen better days, that's part of the charm. Truth is, they have the best Mexican food in Orlando. The enchiladas mole is to die for!! And the traditional tacos with onions, cilantro and your choice of perfectly-seasoned meat are delectable. Consistently good, and worth the trip to the touristy part of town--but you'll only find in-the-know locals here.
Authentic Mexican tacos, what more could you ask for?!   While the outside facade might not be the best, the food is actually good and fresh.  I had the tres tacos, which is enough for one person. They did offer a sample of their Flan dessert.  It was very good and I might get it the next time I go.  Certainly with checking out.
Ditto to all the great reviews. I had the chicken fajita taco and it was delicious! I was given a sample of the rice water. This stuff is definitely a siren song for this paleo convert! It tasted like drinking a yummy rice pudding. The rice water would be on my list of "worth the calories/carbs". The lady taking the orders was so nice and friendly when dealing with our somewhat large crowd. Will definitely make this our goto place before or after a few hours at Universal.
Coming from Southern California the husband & I were craving some good ol Mexican food. Taco Bell does NOT cut it.  So after reading the Yelp reviews we decided to drive into the small shopping plaza to the hole-in-the wall restaurant w/ the neon sign saying, "Authentic Mexican Food." Honestly, our expectations weren't too high but for Orlando I give it 4 stars.  My husband got the Al Pastor burrito and I got Chicken Flautas w/ rice & beans = $13. This place is not fancy, traditional menu and the price is how ALL authentic Mexican places should be....CHEAP/AFFORDABLE. And to top it off the cashier was very hospitable. Next time I visit Orlando, I will surely stop by for here for "Authentic Mexican Food." *For people who cannot find this place even w/ the modern technology of a GPS. I recommend you look the traditional way by looking at the address #.  I'm just sayn'.....
This is about as hole-in-the-wall as it gets... but the words "WOW", "AMAZING", and "MUST-GO" come to mind. It's located in a very nondescript plaza with no sign indicating that its name is Border Grill, only a simple neon sign that says "Authentic Mexican Cuisine"... and that, it most definitely is. All the food is awesome. The great thing about this place is that they serve Pibil (traditional slow-roasted pork) and Lengua (beef tongue), which very few Mexican places in the area serve. If you have room for dessert, you absolutely need to try the flan... probably the best flan I've ever had. Check it out. You definitely won't be disappointed.
My wife and I eat here once a week.  The food here is WONDERFUL and affordable even on the tightest budget. Everything here is made fresh down to the chips.  Great verity FRESH-MEX menus include:  Tacos, Burritos, Chimichangas, Enchiladas, Quesadillas, and Flautas. They are open from Monday - Thursday 11:00am to Midnight and Friday and Saturday from 11:00 to 3:00am.  That's right 3 in the morning. They also have the best Horachata. They make it with real rice not that powder most places use to cut there cost.  I LOVE the taco's and the Flautas.  The burritos are great and it wont break your wallet. The Flan is honestly the best I ever tasted.  TRY THE FLAN
Really liked their cheese dip. Highly addictive. Guacamole is good but average. Needs more spice. All of the condiments are out and they forgot half our order....they forgot our drinks, tacos, and drinks. When we finally got the rest of our order it was just OK.
Don't judge a book by its cover. This place looks a bit ghetto but it's really pretty awesome!
Tiny place Dishing out big authentic mexican flavors. The food comes out fresh and quick, prices are very fair. I really liked everything here but if had to recommend something it would be the "flautas" Will def be Back here when i find myself in the área and hungry.
Wow. Homemade chips and salsa. Delicious.    We ordered a chicken chimmichanga and chicken quesedilla. Food was nice and hot. The kitchen area and the seating area are both small. The owner is very nice and this is a place I would reccommend if you like tex-mex.
Well, after reading so many great reviews I had very high hopes for this place and unfortunately it just didn't quite deliver.  The atmosphere is great and the tacos look like tacos that I've had in Mexico, but the flavor is a far cry from those south of the border.  These tacos ( I tried carnitas, pibil, chorizo and pastor) weren't bad, they were just very underwhelming probably more than anything.  Also, they be tiny.
It's a difficult thing to give a 5 star review to a Tex-Mex Restaurant anywhere east of Texas, but this place delivered with authority! Their tacos are reasonably priced, and their burritos are VERY filling and delicious! I had an interesting "California" burrito that brought steak, fried potatoes, beans, and cheese as well as some white rice... It was ridiculously good, while my wife had a more conservative (a.k.a boring) Veggie Burrito. The amazing thing is that the Veggie Burrito was delicious despite having absolutely no meat... It's too good to be true! Really though the Horchata (White Rice Cinnamon Drink) drink is actual authentic Mexican style and to die for. It's not too expensive and the food is great quality. I just learned from the nice lady who runs the shop that they will no longer be open on Sundays, so take advantage and go Monday-Saturday if you can. You won't regret it!
Great tasting Mexican food! This place is amazing, food tastes homemade. Price is excellent, had two milanesas with papas, chimichanga platter and 3 mix tacos platter, all come with rice and refried beans, two waters and two jaritos for $42 . I will be coming back to this spot on our next visit to theme parks.
Best authentic mexican food in Orlando. Amazing authentic tacos, especially the al pastor.  Tortilla soup was very tasty. They easily made a vegetarian version of the enchiladas verdes.  It is constantly busy so word is out about this place.  It is a real gem.
Crap, the secret is out. Even with all the comments/instructions regarding the difficulty in finding the place, GPS, and the fact that I have excellent familiarity of the area, I still couldn't find it. Boo. Must have gone out of business I thought. So, got out of the car, and poked my head into a wee place where there was a family at the sole window table eating pizza. Sheesh, it's a pizza place now, great. Then, a woman with a Mexican accent welcomed me and I thought... could it be? It was. Guacamole so fresh and good, that I'd commit non-serious crimes if that were required to order it. Be adventurous too - the last time I was there my party told the guy at the counter (married to the daughter of the owner) to just bring it. Mole, shrimp simmered in a tomato-onion-pepper sauce, watermelon juice, rice-drink, wow. And, if you don't love Mexican food, apparently, they let you bring your own pizza.
"Aaron - This place looks sketch." This is the statement I heard from my friend when I convinced her and her roommate to check out this little hole-in-the-wall. By the time we entered, they were throwing out alternatives such as El Potro or Tijuana Flats. As this was the first time I had been here, I just wanted to give it a shot (and see what all the fuss was about on Yelp). I'm glad we stuck around. This food was delish and obviously made with detail in mind. This is not fancy stuff. Just good, inexpensive, well made Mexican - a commodity in Orlando. We started out with Mexican soda made with real sugar and served in glass bottles. Nice. This was accompanied by homemade chips and an extremely smooth guacamole. They don't go overboard - but it was the perfect amount for 2-3 people and set up the entrees well. Between the three of us, we ended up with two orders of the tres tacos supreme and the chimichanga. Everything was obviously very fresh. I had the grilled chicken, marinated pork, and the chorizo tacos. Bold flavors all around and the mix-n-match worked well. The beans and yellow rice were also highlights as I wiped the plate clean. High marks to this place and another example of Yelp not letting me down. Good catch to all.
We were driving through and found this place.  The place looks a little sketchy but do not be fooled. The portions are large and very good! Our group had the beef nachos, the chicken nachos, beef & chicken tacos, and the chimichangas.  All of this was under $50.  They have beers to drink as well.   These New Orleanians recommend eating here ASAP!
I am so happy Yelp led me to Border Grill during a recent trip to visit the theme parks in Orlando. The BG was on the way to Universal from the hotel I stayed at and would have been worth getting to if it had been situated across town. After days of greasy fare, Border Grill was a literal oasis in a desert of fast food. Delicious house made chips and salsa? Check! Chorizo tacos? Check! Watermelon water? Check! My husband also ordered beef tacos and a chicken burrito which he devoured. Limited seating inside and sitting outside is risky with Orlando's fluctuating weather but it'd be worth eating here if you had to sit outside during a downpour while munching your food- it's that good.
Best Mexican food I have ever had! The service is a little slow but it is definitely worth the wait.
AMAZING food but very inexpensive ($22 for two entrees and two desserts)! It's a small place but it is outstanding! The owner is very sweet and attentive. Great service. Order the chicken chimichanga... You won't be disappointed. Also, the best flan I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly (nothing worse than an overlooked flan!). I will definitely be coming back anytime I'm in Orlando!
Excellent, authentic Mexican food. Staff is very friendly. Don't judge the restaurant for its door. This place is just great, it won't disappoint you. I promise.
WORST SERVICE EVER!  Went here based on the good reviews. Arrived at 8:40 to a moderate crowd. We waited for our food. Them  waited some more.  Finally asked if we could at least get our chips and salsa. Got those about 15 minutes later.  They were smart to get their money in advance, because we would have been gone by that point. We watched as others who arrived after us were served.  I know that sounds pithy, but wait until it happens to you.  We were finally served 90 MINUTES after we ordered. To balance the review, the food was not bad.  Burritos were great.  My daughter thought the tortilla soup was so-so.  Not worth waiting an hour and a half for.  Border Grill could have made things right, but they chose not to.  No apologies were forthcoming.  No offer to comp any of the food.  Nothing.  A very frustrating and disappointing experience.
Amazing food and service. Definitely authentic, and shows the owners commitment to authentic quality food!
This is by far the best taco place I have ever been to and I eat at a ton of Mexican places. People always say hole in the wall places are always the best and this restaurant embodies this. My boyfriend and I had the carne asada tacos and chicken fajita tacos here. We stayed in Orlando on vacation for 5 days and came here 3 out of those 5 days. Leaving Orlando we missed this taco restaurant the most. It was convenient especially since we stayed out so late at universal studios and it was open until midnight plus it was a cheap eat. We were stuffed on max $15 for the two of us. Their tacos are cooked to order and their spices and hot sauces are awesome. Want to go back to Orlando for more reasons than 1 now.
This place is worth a second review. This place is absolutely amazing!!!! The food is amazing and service is great. I always get queso, all the pork tacos, and sandia and I've never been disappointed
Definitely overrated. I had three tacos, rices, and beans. The tacos were just okay, nothing special. I have to admit, their chorizo (sausage) was delicious, but the taco shells, steak, and chicken were all just average.There are plenty of taco spots that would give this place a run for its money. (Tacos Express, El Tenampa, both located on OBT)
OMG....absolutely fabulous!! Chips were so so, but the salsa was tasty, as was the queso!  Chicken quesadilla cheesiness, so much flavor from the chicken and even the cheese!  Best burrito ever!!  So much flavor!  Now the hot sauces are OMG where's the milk hot!  I tried again w/ salsa, they were just as flavorful as the rest of the meal!
My brother always brings us take us food from here and it's always consistently delicious! My personal favorite is the chicken tortilla soup and a California burrito but I have yet to taste half of their menu and I can't wait to do so! Even the salsa is delicious with the chips you really can't go wrong with anything here.
We are from Detroit; while we have some good Mexican food there - nothing compares to this small gem. Great food, speedy, friendly staff.  We had more than enough to eat at a reasonable price. Only drawback is the lack of seating.
Delicious and cheap mexican! It took a minute to find the restaurant, due to it being a very small hole in the wall and inside of a crowded shopping center. There's a neon sign on the window that says "Authentic Mexican," but that's it. The lady who helped us was incredibly nice. She asked us if it was our first time, and then went over the ENTIRE menu.. entree by entree. I'll admit that it wasn't necessary, but it showed that the staff genuinely cared. She then told us about their drink selection which included canned soda's, a few bottled beers, freshly prepared juice (pineapple and watermelon), and homemade horchata. She poured samples into tiny cups for us to try them. ALL of them were delicious, but we went with the watermelon juice. We ordered cheese dip and it was just your ordinary cheese dip, so it came as expected. This is the first mexican restaurant that I've been to that charges you for chips and salsa, but the prices in general are very low, so I'm ok with it. The food came very quickly and this place definitely lived up to all of the positive reviews. I ordered the chicken flantas and my boyfriend ordered dos tacos. Both were excellent. In all we ordered 2 watermelon juices (large glass), cheese dip and chips, flantas entree, and tres tacos entree. Our total bill was $21.06! I highly recommend checking out this little hole in the wall.
Great lunch place, the enchiladas rancheras was delicious, the tortilla was crisp and not mushy with the enchilada sauce, guacamole was fresh with flavors of cilantro and lime. I had their pineapple water, a great compliment to the meal. Highly recommended if you like quick and delicious authentic Mexican
Absolutely delicious ... Best Mexican food in Orlando... Best prices too is what's crazy....most Mexican places the main dish is good but the rice and beans which accompany it are not that good.. Well with border grill the rice and beans are soooooo good too!  I'm dreaming about it now! My favorite is the shredded beef chimichanga.. I'm so happy I live near Universal Studios cause it's right across the street from it:)
I'm lucky to work close to this place. The people are friendly the food is delicious and I recommend it to everyone I meet that is hungry. The horchata is delightful and refreshing,but I've never had it anywhere else. watch out for the habaneros lol
Awesome food in a small unassuming location. We had tacos and chimichangas. They also had a variety of different heat sauces we could use. The service was very personable and friendly. The entire check for chips with guacamole, tacos, chimichangas, and two beers was $30 with a very generous tip too!
Some of the best cheap take out tacos I've ever had, and the best restaurant salsa I've EVER had!  The guacomole was amazing also.  We ended up getting carne asada and carnitas tacos and they were just so, so good.  I think this might be the pinnacle of Orlando dining.
After reading so many awesome reviews I had to try this place.  We ordered quesadillas, tacos, enchiladas and a Chicago burrito.  After we ate, I was really upset at myself for driving to this place and suggesting it. The prices are reasonable but the food is just OK. I expected more flavor since it says authentic. I can cook this at home! I have been to Mexico and have eaten authentic food. I am not  talking about the touristy food you get at the hotels but the real homemade stuff. This place does not even come close to authentic.  Their agua de horchata was good but a bit too sweet for me. The lady that brings the food to your table after you order at the counter is very nice.
Just visited this restaurant with the family and it was pretty good.  I am a big Mexican food fan and have been to many different restaurants.   It's in a strange little area, we visited because we were recommended it.  The restaurant seating is not too big. The menu is your standard  mexican restaurant menu however the chips were not free and the utensils are plastic. I got the Chicken Enchilada's and Flautas.  I thought the food was very good and the atmosphere was great too, the only minus was the plastic utensils.
It was okay. Service was mediocre. Food was just okay. The self serve salsa bowls were empty with a dry crust that appeared they've been that way most of the day. The lady at the register was on the phone when we walked up and took a minute to put the call on hold and get to us. Service was welcoming by any means. I guess if you're craving mexican tacos in Orlando this is what you have to work with. Went once but did not go back again.
Great no frills Mexican food. The taste is amazing. I had the quesadillas and my boyfriend had the chimichanga and they were both delicious.
What a great little restaurant,,,small, yes, but the food is super. perfect size menu with very authentic items. not just burritos and tacos. however their tacos are incredible. The kitchen is open to the customers and you see how much care they put into every order. Do yourself a favor and stop by one day. You won't be disappointed
I tried this place a long time ago and remember it being good... now I'm going back to see if I think it deserves 5 stars.  I remember it being family owned and the sauces were delicious!
After hearing about this place from some fellow Yelpers and friends I knew I had to try it. I blogged about this one and it was great. Two thumbs up! Truly authentic tacos! The Pibil tacos were awesome. Baby girl got the cheese quesadilla. Very cheesy. Love the sauce bar and I loved asking for super spicy sauce. Great place. Our server was awesome. Small place so come prepared to feel crunched in. Amazing food.
Hole in the wall place,great food and service,reasonably priced. We tried the Vegetarian burrito, the marinated pork tacos and the chicken quesadillas . The chicken quesadillas were polished off by the kids.The tamarindo  flavored drink was very refreshing and tasty! It was good food!
This is nearly as good as the theme parks adjacent. I got the house-made watermelon juice (soda) and three flautas with pulled chicken. Magic, topped with queso and fresh guacamole; they are delightfully crunchy and blend well with the house made sauces. The rice and beans are very tasty and come with the meal. Both drink and food for $8.43 and I was full till dinner after a hot morning roaming Universal.
Great taco place. Not much seating so be careful with a big group. Tacos are authentic and excellent.  Lots of choices for meat and some great authentic sides. I always get two tacos.
Definitely worth a visit if you are in Orlando, all of the food is amazingly delicious.  Some of my favorites are the chicken quesadillas and the carne asada tacos.  Service is outstanding and for the price its one of the best mexican places I've been to so far.
The food was great and the service was really fast.  I had the 3 tacos with Al Pastor and Carnitas.  Awesome, there's not much better in tacos than simple tortilla, meat, onion and cilantro.  The table sauces were both great and perfectly spicy.  This is a gem among chain and resorty restaurants around Universal Studios.
you wont find a better place to eat Mexican food in Orlando. I have been there more times than I can count, and it has been no less than stellar every single time. It is a tiny little hole in the wall, only a few tables to sit at, maybe the Thai place next door will go out of business and they can expand? who knows. Every time we leave, we pass by the taco bell and their drive thru is slammed, and if these people only knew what was right around the corner, they would never eat that crap again. this is definitely a must do for anyone who likes Mexican food. super cheap, super good, and super friendly, what more do you need?
Excellent food!  Love that they cook it up fresh to order.  I had the Chicago style with asada and the flavor was very good.  My hubby had the chicken tacos and he said they were very flavorful.  We will go again for sure!
Yea, don't bother. I went there and walked right out. I am from NY and I've been to a place like this. This is not good mexican it is more tex-mex. The shop is very small we drove for 40mins to look for a place. We didn't even sit down to eat. It's more of a touch and go kind of place. I should not have went by what others reviewed. The only reason we showed up to this place for is because of all the 5 stars. If you want good Mexican seek elsewhere.
Hands down best tacos you can get around here. Real hole in the wall that puts all it's effort into the food. LOVE LOVE LOVE it. I can't comment on all the food because I find it impossible to order anything other than the tacos or chimi's. But I can gurantee that they are  Amazing. I have been going 2-3 times a week for lunch since they opened and it is just as great as the first day and I have not gotten tired of it one bit. Going there right now!
Awesome real authentic mexican food! The tostadas, chips and salsa, the everything is very good. This is truly " hole in wall" gem for the best tasting food and very inexpensive. Don't forget the modelo especial. I am happy this place is walking distance!
With no sign on the building, it's a challenge to find the Border Grill, but well worth it. Look for the neon sign in the window that says Authentic Mexican Food. Indeed it is. The mole sauce on our enchiladas was the highlight, dark, rich and slightly spicy. The refried beans are really authentic, too, and probably bad for you. The al Pastor marinated BBQ pork in the gordita was less rich than some I've had, but still tasty, and the gordita shell was crispy/soft and delicious, although I would have prefered it with cilantro rather than lettuce. Everything is made to order, so arrive early and plan on 15 minutes for the food to be ready. A great find!
This place is amazing!!!! I love the flautas, and all of their salsas and sauces. If you like spicy, definitely get some of that white sauce and habanero sauce on top of your food. This is one of those restaurants you get cravings for!
Awesome tacos.  Definitely authentic.  They grill the meats when you order so its not like you are eating meat that's been sitting around in a warming tray.  Cheap and filling.
Loved the variety of spicy salsas they had
Most authentic Mexican food in Orlando area!!  My husband took me today to try it and now I know why him and his buddies love this place!  Hole in the wall restaurant with homely atmosphere.
Great food and prices. Was packed when we got there. They have everything there soup, shrimp, chile relleno, beer, enchiladas, chimichangas, chip, guacamole, salsa and great service. The place is small two short order chefs working hard and the food was great!
This place is a hole in the wall gem! Tacos are amazing and authentic the side of yellow rice that came with the 3 steak taco order was just a bonus! Great all around. Cheap, fast, authentic food! Don't pass this one up!!
I have been back a few more times (always with a small group) and have not been disappointed.  Everyone I have taken with me has enjoyed it, as well.  I've tried the tamirindo, watermelon, and pineapple agua frescas and they are all refreshing but the jamaica is still my favorite. Try the Pibil (pork marinated yucatan style).  It's a nice change.  I'm trying to work my way through the menu.  Others I ate with said the California and Chicago burritos were good.  I've also started getting a combo (adds rice and beans) because their rice is so good.  At most other Mexican restaurants the rice seems like an afterthought, but at Border Grill it's fresh and delicious.  I like that kind of attention to detail. I'm starting to become a regular.  : )
The food is amazing and fresh they make it all there in front of you. The tacos are simple but so good! The place is nice and small but never crowded, and the lady that works there is super awesome and nice. Always good for a late night snack on Friday and Saturday.
Good food, good pricing. Expanded dining area. Open late (til midnight most nights). Easiest way to remember location: in a plaza just to the right of Carrabbas on Vineland & Kirkman. I usually get the chicken enchilada rancheros - good sauce as well as the included rice.
Awesome!  After looking for 11 years, my wife - a native Texan - finally found great TexMex in central Forida. It's a dive with counter service and few tables, but the food is great and cheap. We had carnitas and mole enchiladas, both were excellent.  A selection of home made salsas added fire to the meal.  Highly recommended for people who like authentic Mexican cuisine.
Awesome recommendation by a coworker. Small, hole in the wall place, but those are usually the best....Very helfpul and friendly staff. Food was nice and fresh made to order. Guac was delish!!! Truly recommend the chorizo taco!!!
Great food & service! Real authentic mexican food!
If you are looking for a low key, authentic Mexican restaurant, Border Grill is it. No frills or thrills here. You walk into a small restaurant with a few (maybe 10) tables and an open kitchen. View the menu and order/pay at the counter. They do have a few beer options available. You then grab a table and someone will bring your food to you. I ordered the guacamole with chips and two pork tacos (the marinated pork option). They also brought over queso. Not sure if that was a mistake or they give everyone queso. The tacos came with onion and cilantro. The queso was a little bland but the guacamole was awesome. Chunks of tomato and onion and a real depth in flavor. Much more than the typical avocado and lime. The pork tacos were small but delicious. The flavors were fantastic. However, it was a little dry and desperately in need of some type of sauce. Queso worked just fine. All in all, a nice and inexpensive Mexican restaurant within walking distance to many of the Hotels near Universal.
The Charizo in my tacos was a little dry but had good flavor.  The rice and beans were great.  The chips were awesome to go with some good home made salsa.  Great place to eat.
Amazing tacos. Had the carne asada, carnitas, and carne molida tacos. They came on piping hot corn tortillas with onion and cilantro. I put a little salsa on them. The flavor was simple, but amazing! Border Grill looks like a hole in the wall at first glance, but I love places like this. No frills, just flavorful food. They also have Coca-Cola in a glass bottle, which tastes better, in my humble opinion. The lady at the counter was adorable and friendly.
Are you stuck in a hotel by Universal Studios without a car? Looking in horror up the street at the TWO(!) TGIFriday's and wondering how to survive? Just walk - that's right, WALK - up Kirkman, bravely dash across the 6 lanes to the little unassuming strip mall, and treat yourself to fabulous authentic street/cafe mexican served with love. The taco meat choices go on and on - including the BEST al pastor I've ever had, a very hot pibil, and lovely lengua. The steak platters are much better than I typically expect. And then there's the house-made agua frescas. . . just the best.
The BEST guacamole I have ever had!!!! Food was excellent and we enjoyed the staff because this is a tiny cozy place. Prices are great too. Ok so it's not fancy place but it has it's own charm. We will definitely go back.
Best homemade Mexican food here in Orlando! The family that owns this place are the nicest people.
Nice little mexican spot. I love eating at little hole in the wall spots, i feel like the food is made with love. The business is family owned, and like everyone had they're roles here and were friendly. I stopped by late night after work, just had a steak taco supreme. Tasty, and inexpensive, just how i like it. I will return soon to try different items from the menu.
I went here expecting great things but I was disappointed because they didn't have fish tacos and they didn't make their own tacos.  They use store bought tortillas.  I had a chicken taco and a beef taco.  They were better than Taco Bell but the beef was a bit salty.  The lady that took the order was wonderful and I wanted to love the food but I didn't! :( The watermelon juice was delicious.  They have a variety of juices that I am sure are very good.
Best Mexican I've had in a while. Their Chimichanga was awesome. I tried it filled with veggies instead of meat (or cheese and beans).
We stopped by here after a day at the outlets looking for Cheap Disney merchandise. We stumbled upon this place by accident and we are sure glad we did. The food is authentic Mexican. The carne asada tacos were great and the mexican rice was awesome. We have a family of 6 and it was sure worth it to have some good authentic mexican without paying the price of the chain places all over Orlando. I would highly recomend especially after spending a ton of money in Disney for a week eaching crap food at the parks.
Best Mexican food in Orlando! Always fresh and delicious. Owners are friendly and I hope they continue to do well. Enchiladas Verdes is my favorite dish!
Excellent authentic Mexican food! Loooooooove this place.  I swear we eat here once a week. The Chicago burrito is a must try and the tacos are so yummy.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.
This was not the best in my opinion. The service was respectable but that is not why I seek out a good taco spot. I felt as though the salsa's were lacking and the tacos were bland.
Everything here is delicious, and the prices are so cheap! Not to mention the staff are all super friendly and helpful, as soon as we walked in the door the waitress asked us if it was our first time (it was) and proceeded to tell us a bit about the menu. She also didn't hesitate to offer us samples of the different agua frescas they have (which are all delicious). I'm so glad my family and I came here while visiting Orlando, it's so easy to miss but it's such a nice, quaint family owned restaurant with such delicious, reasonably priced authentic Mexican food!
Best authentic Mexican food here in SW. Orlando. All local Floridians please support this awesome restaurant. I love everything I have tried. Their tacos are amazing.
This place is just as yummy as you expect. The food was light yet filling -- the perfect lunch for hot summer days. The horchata was fantastic, like a snickerdoodle in a glass! The Chicago burrito was like a hamburger in a wrap. My enchiladas were light but filling. It definitely needed spicy salsa though; there is a selection of salsas ranging from mild to hot mess. The guac is light and creamy - delicious!
After reading the reviews on Yelp we made our way to Border Grill. We were greeted by a smiling face at the counter and were quick to order the fresh guacamole and chips with a Dos Equis.   We were served at our table by the owner.  We placed our order for the chicken chimmichanga and marinated pork soft tacos.  We finished the guacamole and chips with our beer before the made to order dishes were delivered piping hot to our table.  The guacamole was amazing, some of the best we have ever tasted.  Our server shared that they make this fresh everyday and sell out.  When our entree's arrived we could not wait to taste.  We were so impressed and will make this a regular stop while in Orlando.   Delicious and very friendly place.
A little hard to find it's in a strip mall next to carabbas. Small interior only 1 table larger than 2. Great fresh food. Everything is made to order with a chalk board of the meats. Everything we had was fantastic. My daugter had the tongue taco and enjoyed it. I would highly recommend
Real good food. Nice little place and nice owners. I always get the enchiladas verde or the tortilla soup (made to order). They also have mole you can get on the enchiladas and its good too. They have a bunch of homemade sauces, all around good place. And they are open till 3am on fri and sat.
Definitely not easy to spot from the road, but worth finding (hint, only the 'I' in Grill is left from their store front sign).
Great mexican food. Flautas were great. Very tasty. My husband had the sandwich and 3 tacos on top of that. The pollo asada was so tasty.  The only thing I can see being a problem with this place is that when it gets busy you probably can't get in the door lol but well worth a wait if that happens. Also the woman working the counter was so friendly service with a smile. Wonderful hole in the wall.
This is a great spot for mexican food. It is small but the food was great. Glad we caught it right before they got busy so we could dine in. Had the chimichanga and it was delish! Will go back when craving mexican and in the area.
DELICIOUS AND INEXPENSIVE!!! These were the best chicken tacos i have ever had! my family and i live in california and we eat mexican food all the time, and this was hands down the tastiest we have had. the quality of the food was spectacular, and the portions were generous. our group had 5 adults and the total was $43, including drinks. we would recommend this place to anyone who wants delicious and authentic mexican food.
Super fresh and authentic. We had the carne asada tacos and a sopapilla. Everything was fantastic and the service was great!! Highly recommend.
The tacos are solid!!!  I would say they were a tad dry but really awesome! We tried the chorizo, pastor, chicken, steak. My girls had a chicken quesadilla and they cleaned their plate! A shining star here is the Guacamole!
I was on vacation and decided to try this place after visiting universal studios. The food here is amazing! Authentic mexican food that is home made. The watermelon juice and horchata was the best I ever had. You must try it!
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the chicken in the chicken enchilada verdes. It was white meat and somewhat chunky. I normally prefer carnitas but wanted to be safe on my first visit. The queso was just spicy enough. The meal was attractively arranged on the plate and the portion was generous.
Thank you yelp, never would have found this without you! We got chips and guac, both very fresh and tasty; the guac was probably the best I've ever had. We each got 3 tacos (and were stuffed after). I had charizo and my wife got pastor meat; they were sooooo good. I had meant to take pics to post a review, however when we saw the food we totally forgot. Not until after we devoured these tasty delights did we think of taking pictures. The lady running the place was so sweet and helpful. I highly recomend this place, you won't be disapointed.
Incredible food well worth going to!! We are from Missouri and we will eat here next time we are in town.  Made to order. Awesome guacamole
This is a small place that serves up great, fresh food in a hurry. I highly recommend this place for lunch goers who are in the area
Good food but not equiped to handle a crowd, the wait was short to order but the staff was trying to keep up... sorry, not so good for big service. I might add that they where mobbed by us all at once.
Great Mexican food!  Fresh and tasty!  We stopped in this place with our daughter who just moved to Orlando. Since we live in Ocala we do not visit the Orlando area often.   After reading some of the good reviews we decided to give Border Grill a try. We were very pleased!  Excellent and friendly service. Prices very reasonable.  Seating is very limited though. If it is busy you can bank on not getting a seat, so go for carry out.
Tacos made from scratch with corn tortillas, meat, onions, cilantro and lime - home style, fresh and delicious. We will be back again and again!
Simply mexican heaven in Orlando. Try it. Great foot, big taste, small prices and super service.
Very good food. Nice owners and low prices. Both owners were at the place and they all were very nice. We had an excellent guacamole dip and two delicious tacos, chicken and beef. It was all nice and the service is top. The freshly brewed ice tea was excellent also. It's a very easy to miss place, I put the address on the GPS and totally missed it when I arrived, it is a very small shop in a plaza, but the address is correct. I will recommend to everyone and my regards to the owners. Very cheap also. The guacamole starter, two tacos with rice and beans, tea and a coke for about USD 20. Much better food and price than many other locations in the city.
WOW. The place is literally too small for you to find! With GPS and I couldn't locate it! The place is small, the service is fantastic, and the food is amazing. I had the chips+avocado and then the Burrito Chicago with pork and it was heavenly. Highly recommended
This is the first decent authentic Mexican tacos we found that is good in Orlando, at least around this touristy area. Awesome horchata, and real salsas to go with your wildly flavored tacos.
Excellent food.. Best tacos in town..... fresh from the grill..
Just moved into a new subdivision up the street and have been checking out the nearby restaurants, this is the only one we have went back to so far, 2 times to eat in and second time today for takeout. Can't really tell from the exterior, but awesome food and great prices. More charming inside and staff is also super friendly! Highly recommended, see you again soon Border Grill.
Saw the five stars with 9 reviews and had to try it.  Note that I'll talk about the negatives that knocked off a couple of stars for us first, then the positives. It's a hole in the wall in a small strip mall, with limited seating.  The menu is also limited but has the basic tex-mex items.  The chips and salsa cost $2.50 (not provided as is usual at other Mexican restaurants). The utensils are plastic, Coke comes in cans, and there is no sweetener (Splenda, etc...)for the "unsweetened" tea (sweetened tea is available). That being said, we choose the Chicken Enchilada's and Flautas.  Both were very good - close to the best we've had (trust me, we've had it all...).  The re-fried beans actually had flavor - not your usual bland variety.  The rice was done well, firm and tasty.  The Enchilada's were tender and spiced well.  The Flautas were crispy, and hot. In summary, the atmosphere and amenities, are lacking, but the food is very good.
A friend introduced me to Borders and it turned out to be a fantastic local surprise. We went for the tacos and left extremely satisfied. I tried the chorizo, carne asada and marinated pork while my friend ordered the chorizo and pibil. Although the tacos were all fabulous, the Pibil was without a doubt my top choice. The tacos also come with a selection of homemade hot sauces which are an absolute delightful topper for any of the various Mexican dishes. I also appreciated the staff, they were very friendly and open to speaking Spanish with you if you choose. Though the atmosphere is rather quaint and it bookends a small stripmall, Borders is without a doubt one of the finest mexican cuisine restaurants in Florida. My friend and I left wholly contented and we plan on returning regularly despite that it is slightly out of the way for most. Trust me, the food is worth the drive. It is a quiet place perfect for a dinner for two or party of six or more. I highly recommend Borders to all food lovers, bask in the taco glory!
What an amazing find and thank you fellow yelpers for posting this great place. If you are use to eating fresh food this is definitely the place to go. Couldn't decide on what to order so we (5 total) decided to order like family style. Definitely have the quesadilla, tacos, chimichanga, oh heck order one of each of everything! The prices are so reasonable which allowed us to order many dishes to share. Everything was so good,
An admirable dive as only the front appears so obvious. The neon sign reads fragment of the name and the interior is kept to a minimal effort. The service is convivial and caters mostly to locals as it is far off the tourist strip. They offer watermelon juice. Why not have one. Refreshing! Our party had the Chicago burrito, the beef enchiladas and the fish taco plate. Good portion for the modest cost. I've never had authentic Mexican cuisine therefore not much of a convincing reference. But what I had was good.
This. Was. Good. Food!   Was small and needed more air as in air condition...but the food made up for everything!
We found this place thanks to its Yelp reviews. Nestled away in a 'blink and you'll miss it' plaza, the first thing you notice when you walk in is the Mexican music playing over the speakers, the next thing you notice - the great fresh food! Veggies and chips were crisp. Waitress was very kind and on the ball. Good Mexican beer options and traditional dishes. We had the chips as cheese (sadly they were out of guac), veggie burrito and taco salad. They were very accommodating with our requests and speedy to deliver. And last but not least, the prices are fantastic! The items above + 2 beers was less than $25.
Loved it. We had chips salsa and guac to start and all three items were outstanding. We eat quite a bit of chips and salsa so that's a huge compliment. The salsa is of the consistency of Chilis' salsa, so more flavor less chunks. The service was fast and really friendly. I had the Chicago burrito and my husband had the Ranchero Burrito. Both were really great. We'll definitely be back!
Friendly and quick service. Delicious food with filling portions. Very small but intimate setting.
After a long day of outlet shopping. We didn't want to go to a loud noisy place for dinner. This place worked. First we read the reviews on line so we already knew it would be small and what some considered a "dive". Don't let the appearance fool you! It was a narrow place withlimited seats but it worked for the time we went. Around 7 pm. The people were nice offered samples of their flavored water. We r chips/salsa snobs-theirs were great. I got 2 tacos w shredded chicken so good! The hubby got two tacos one w marniated chicken the other w marniated pork-so good! Our meal w one flan & water was $21.76. We r only in town for two more days we r going back tomorrow!
Decent food but great price.  I got the Chicago burrito and it was all around average Mexican food burrito (though for the location it might be awesome, but for what I'm used to it was normal quality). The best part about the place, besides the service, was the price for the quantity.  It was large, and our table liked our food and ended up taking some of it home. The service was great, and relative to the price the servings were great.  The quality was good, but nothing outstanding.
Great food! However, be prepared for some self-service. They are going through some growing pains, owing to the all of the great reviews, no doubt. Original restaurant has only a few tables, mostly two tops and was designed for self-ordering with table delivery. The owners are expanding next door and the dining room is set up, but there is no connection yet between the two rooms. Don't let that put you off.  If it's crowded, just be patient. The food is worth it.
I walked by this place twice this week while staying nearby.  Don't be fooled by the strip mall location.  The service was great, and so was the food.  The carnitas tacos were excellent, probably the best that I have had.  I tried all three salsas and liked them all.  My plate came with rice and beans.  The beans  were great and the rice was perfect. I talked with the owner. His wife and co-owner is from Mexico City. The food is good and authentic.   If you're staying in a close hotel and decide to eat at Fridays or some other chain fast food place instead, you're really missing out.
This place has excellent food and great prices.
My girlfriend suggested this place while we were visiting from southern California. I'm a huge Mexican food eater and I've been all over southern Cali from SD to east LA eating authentic Mexican . so I told her it'd be a waste yo try this place because it couldn't be better. I was proven very wrong as this is by far the best al pastor tacos I've ever had and the amazingly low price isn't a factor in that statement. The outside isn't well kept but the interior is perfectly fine once you get in. Best food I had when I was in Orlando.
It's all pretty much been documented before, but WOW.  This is why I love Yelp...to help find hidden treasures like the Border Grill.  So now, yes, we will regularly travel down from Longwood to enjoy the wonderful, fresh tacos and friendly service.  We came between lunch and dinner, which was probably a good idea as this place is probably packed during prime hours.  Loved the different toppings that they had for the food...I'd love to take home bottles of that stuff (if you like the heat, they are great).
While Border Grill served me a decent, authentic Mexican taco lunch - I was certainly underwhelmed based on the reviews I've read here. I've had tacos in a few places in Mexico, and while the food was made in the traditional style - I think it could have been much, much better. The beans and rice were super high on salt - and it was practically all I tasted. The beans had a nice creamy consistency, but...salt, salt, salt. I tried 3 of the street taco varieties - and while the tacos were well-prepared (fresh cilantro, lime, and onion - some of my favorite things!) the portion was pretty slim, and the taste very mundane. Taco shell was good though. I did like the table-side salsas they brought out - all tasted fresh, homemade, and had a really good flavor. The decor was rustic and fit the vibe - and the cashier girl was nice, and was working hard to keep the place clean. Overall, it was an average meal that did not meet my expectations - but I will try them again, and a few other items on the menu.
Rated 4 out of 5 only because it is small and you will have to keep your parties likewise small unless you carry out! This place has amazing food and very friendly people! We tried the tacos pastor, green burrito, enchiladas Verdi, burrito ranchero, shredded chicken taco, chips, salsa and guacamole. Everything was first-class delicious. Don't let the small storefront scare you away. This place is a winner!
What a great quick meal at 11:45pm! Service was wonderful. Cheery, friendly waitress, even though we arrived 15 minutes before closing.  Was like walking into a local neighborhood joint.  Wasn't the cleanest establishment ever, but I wasn't scared.  (Only of the restroom!) Awesome beans with my chimichunga, which was packed with shredded beef. Yummy!
No wonder this place is number 1 when you look for Mexican food around Orlando. this place is awesome and really affordable for the size of the dishes offered. I have to say, I do get time where I dont finish my plate, that is how big the portion are. or maybe my stomach is too small? I know for men, the plates are usually finished ... It is right around the corner of my job, needless to say, when lunch time arrived, and nothing was prepared, we need to find a place to eat... hmmm , well the thinking over part does not take long before we usually say : border grill ! and hop we go across the street to grab some lunch and bring it back to work. every single time I step in the rather small place, there are at least 2 people at the bar or on the tables. so that shows you  something. if you go around lunchtime ( I guess 12 ish?) it can be pretty busy ! so make sure you manage your time or order pick up. later lunch timer between 2pm and 5pm is a bit slower and better if you want to sit and eat there. the owners are really nice ( though I dont speak spanish) my other half usually exchange few words with whoever is there. really nice, warm people, just the kind of place I love. small and family oriented, with awesome food. the Al Pastor is indescribable, just amazing and almost melts in your mouth. greatly seasoned. as all of there choices. they used to be closed on Sunday, but I just discovered not so long ago that they are now open on Sundays as well, which is great for them. lot of people visiting Orlando or just regular/residents, always enjoy going out on Sundays . so it is a plus for everyone. I am no Mexican, but it is by far, the best of the area. I will always go there when I get my cravings for a nice burrito :)
We had some of the most D-Lish Mexican food today. After reading the Yelp reviews we had to stop in and try this hot spot. I had the Chicago style carnitas burrito that was nothing short of fantastic and filling. My wife had the Carne Asada taco salad w/out the shell, she said the carne Asada had great seasoning and was tender. To start off we ordered the guacamole and chips. LISTEN....it is made fresh daily (No frozen or pre-made guacamole mix here). The flavors of the fresh ingredients make this Guacamole second to none. They also offer many varieties of ice cold bottled beer. All of the employees were friendly and service was good. There is a specials board on the wall behind the register when you order one of the best Mexican meals you will ever consume. They also have two flat screens broadcasting two different college football games. Bottom line folks is this: Run! Don't walk, Run here and experience this amazing restaurant.
This place is the best place for authentic Mexican food for an affordable price in Orlando. I have already been here several times, and each time they don't disappoint. I have had the chimichanga and the chicken enchilada and both are to die for. The verde salsa is my favorite since its not on fire nor is it too mild. They have limited seating, but I've never had a problem getting a table. Pictures will never do this place justice, you must try it yourself!
Fish tacos rock!  Fed the whole family of five for under $60 with platters for all w beers, chips and salsa and we were stuffed!!!
"Great food! Don't be fooled by location or how small it is. Sauces are spicy and awesome! Tacos a must!"
Tacos & quesadillas are the best...simple, & fresh.
Yum! We're on vacation right now and couldn't believe the massive amount of chain restaurants surrounding us wherever we drive (yuck), so I turned to Yelp and found this great local hole-in-the-wall. My husband and I both had 3 tacos - one of each grilled chicken, shredded beef and marinated pork for me, and grilled chicken, steak and seasoned pork for my husband. I liked all 3 of mine; my husband's favorite was the seasoned pork (in fact he went back to the counter and ordered another of those) while he didn't care too much for the steak as it was dry. We had them in the traditional style with corn tortillas, onions, cilantro and lime. We also tried the pineapple and watermelon agua frescas, both of which were delicious (just maybe a tad too sweet). My son had a cheese quesadilla which was fine. We also had chips, salsa and guacamole - all of which were delicious. The chips were warm, thin and fresh which is just how I like them. The woman who worked the register and served our food was very sweet. As others have said, it's a very small place and it's inexpensive and quick. It's definitely a welcome change from the sea of chain restaurants that seem to monopolize the Orlando dining options.
We went here on vacation. My wife had a chicken chimichanga, I had three different street tacos. Everything was either overcooked badly or else they are pre-cooking and later re-heating the food. It was all very dry and tough. The shame is, I think it would have been good if they had made an effort to make it fresh.
Being that I'm originally from Texas, and my father is actually an immigrant from Mexico, I am quite well versed on the flavors of Mexican food. Since moving to Orlando in 2005, I have become quite disappointed in the lack of Mexican food, mostly settling for Chipotle and maybe the occasional trip to Don Pablo's on I-Drive. However, upon finding a review of this restaurant and realizing that I lived nearby, I set out to see if the rumors were true. I will say this: do not go to this establishment expecting a high-end, fine dining experience. This is not a sit down restaurant, it's a hole-in-the wall kinda place, and is... limited in seating and space. Now, that being said, let me assure you that this is HANDS DOWN the BEST Mexican food in the entire city. It's even better than the food at a certain mouse-owned international-based park (and more affordable, to boot). The tacos here are the kind I would expect my stepmother (also Latin) to cook if I were back home. In my opinion, the best are the Pollo Asado (Grilled Chicken) and the Pibil - a type of marinated pork unique to the Yucatan area of Mexico. I also enjoyed the Lengua tacos as well. I know the idea can be scary, but it's really good! The salsas there range from very mild to burn your mouth off, and ALL provide a nice flavor in addition to whatever heat they bring. Keep in mind that this is not a taco that most Americans are used to - the only toppings besides the meat you'll see are chopped onion, cilantro, and a lime wedge. No cheese, lettuce, sour cream, etc. However, there are menu options (such as burritos and the like) that should more than fulfill the need for those should they arise. I also enjoyed the sopapillas served there, and the fact that they have traditional fruit drinks (aguas frescas) and Mexican-made sodas (Coca-Cola, Sprite, etc.... but WAY better than the usual.) I actually directed my dad here on a recent vacation of his, and he wound up eating there twice with no complaints. The first time he pigged out on the sopes (like Mexican sandwiches) and tacos. He said it was some of the best food he had during his stay, and I took him to the Food and Wine festival. I cannot recommend this place enough to lovers of AUTHENTIC Mexican cuisine. I am definitely a repeat customer and always look forward to going back.
Wow wow wow!!! Thank you so much to the yelp community for suggesting this little gem! Authentic Mexican cuisine at it's finest! Everything was well seasoned and most of all the price is so right! It was 4 of us and the total was 35.00 dollars! I had the taco plate with 2 types of tacos I had the streak taco and the el pastor both were amazing but the pork was the best! The rice and beans come with all the plates and it was the star of the show!!! I literally cleaned my plate!
I have been a long time Yelp lurker but in good conscience I could not eat here another day without giving Border Grill the praise it deserves. I eat lunch here about once a week and have been frequenting for the past four to five months. For a casual no frills pure authentic Mexican restaurant this is the best place I have ever been to. The price is reasonable, most meals are $5 to $8, and the portions are very filling. I have ordered a variety of the meats, chicken, beef, pastor, pibil, and all of them are well seasoned and marinated. The flavors impress me every time. As a bonus the owner has a self serve salsa bar with 5 or 6 options that range from mild to extremely spicy. This is not your boring old chain texmex place, it is an authentic mom and pop delight.
This is my go to place for tacos in Orlando, no frills, no fuss and no fancy stuff, just good tortillas, fresh cilantro, chopped onion and authentic cochinita pibil, carnitas adobadas, and a la pastor. Soups, guacamole, gorditas, chiles rellenos will not disappoint! They always have horchata, and Mexican Aguas (flavored sodas) best part of all they are family owned and are very affordable!
It's between the Carrabas and the Fire Station, next to the Thai place I want to try next.  Rice, beans, and pibil tacos hit the spot, and it was good, simple, home style food.
Two years... For two years I have been coming here and they still don't disappoint. The good news? They expanded their digs! You can now sit down and enjoy your meal without your elbow hitting the wall or another person. You still have to order at the counter but is a vast improvement from before. I'm so glad we found this place. Thanks yelp!
Alway great food at a fair price
I eat at the Best chicago mexican restaurant's. So in the begining I was disappointed with their chips. When the food finally came I have to say it is good for Florida but would never stand a chance in Chicago compared to Real mexican restaurant's.     On the bright side the young male waiter was super kind very helpful and overall gave fantastic service.
Great food! Awesome guac! Love the salsa! The burritos are super! One of Orlando's best! Highly recommended!!!
Came here on vacation due to decent yelp reviews. I have to say we weren't disappointed! I got the ranchero burrito and it was amazing. Definitely a hole in the wall, but authentic Mexican. No frills, just good food. My whole family was pleased and stuffed. Thanks yelp!
Just had lunch here today with the family while visiting Orlando.  We're huge fans of tacos al pastor and this place did not disappoint.  They have a great selection of hot sauces/toppings for the tacos and/or meal that i've never had before.  You know how when you visit a place there's always that one restaurant that you've got to hit?  Well, Border Grill will be one of those places.  I know it is for us.  The only problem now is to find a place back home that is up to par with this place.  Thanks Chris for the awesome food.  We'll definitely see you later.
Delicious. Whoever recommended the Chicago Burrito good looking out! Got the Chicago burrito al Pastor. Minus one star cause I was concerned about the hair I found in my salsa for my chips but overall it was really good and portion size is good for the price.
Just had dinner here and it didn't disappoint. I had the Chicago style burrito with shredded beef. And a little bit of chipotle. It was awesome. My husband had the pork taco special. He really enjoyed his as well. And while he enjoyed his don Equis, he also drank most of my watermelon Aguas frescas. I took a pineapple flavored one to go. Great authentic Mexican food and the prices are great.
Border grill was outstanding! We had a group of 5 and were able to eat for under $40. I'm from the west coast where we have tons of options for good Mexican, and I wasn't sure about this place going in. Small, dimly lit, not the cleanest looking...but I was very impressed with the food. Lots of great traditional options, and very good rice and beans on the side. I had grilled chicken with beans and veggies and the flavor was excellent. I also had a side of guacamole - highly recommend. My wife had a carnitas chimichanga - looked great and very good portion. She couldn't finish, but finished it up at home before bed! The service was also excellent
You get great food here.  Don't need ambience and would rather save money for not having to pay for that part of the meal then this is the best place.  We are traveling and the owner made us feel welcome.  He gave us sample fruit juices and customized our meals.  I highly recommend this great authentic Mexican restaurant.
Pretty good Mexican food. Everything seems to be made with fresh ingredients, so tons of flavor in all the food ordered. Only thing I was disappointed with was the chips that came out; which were stale and cold, and the steak asada taco was disgusting. Whatever you do, do not order it. Go with the Pibil (slow roasted pork) taco. Those were the bomb dot com
Oh my!   The power of Yelp.    We were staying at Cabana Bay at Universal and wanted to get off the park.    We found this place to be less than 10 minutes away and with such good reviews!   They didn't let us down.   Fantastic guacamole, flautas, and even made mole enchiladas even though it wasn't on the menu.    Little corner of a little strip mall.  Really the best since leaving Chicago and their great Hispanic neighborhood places.
Good food and good prices. Limited table space and place fills up pretty fast. They sit first come, first serve. Chips and salsa are not included in sitting. This place could use more servers.
If you ever want real and authentic Mexican food, then you MUST come to this place! Food is just amazing. Everything is fresh and sure does taste fresh! The food is affordable and won't break the bank. We got so much food for a cheap price! Food comes out quick and hot. This place is a must!
The real deal hole-in-the-wall! Fabulous and authentic flavors. We had a group of six and everyone loved their meals - burritos, chimichangas, tacos, etc. Even the guacamole and chips were great. And very reasonably priced. I think the entire meal for all of us was less than $70. Try the bottled sodas. The grapefruit flavored one mixed perfectly with the savory food. Highly recommended!
So I grew up in L.A., and was practically bottle-fed Mexican food when I was a baby.  OK, that is a stretch, but you get the point, right?  Yeah, it is my core comfort food.  But 8 years ago, I moved to Central Florida and have been jonesing for decent Mexican ever since. I have tried so many places out here that I can't keep them straight, and every one fails more miserably than the last.  We found 1...  count it, ONE place that was merely acceptable as a poor substitute, but only in the way that Tofu Bacon is acceptable as a replacement for REAL bacon if you just can't have the real thing. So I am told that Border Grill is the closest thing I am going to find, and the reviews are looking pretty good.  We head in the other night, and the look and feel of the place "feels" right.  You know, trashy dive with mismatched furniture that isn't going out of its way to make you think you are in an ad for a Mexican vacation, but rather threw in some random tables and chairs and hodge-podged the place together.  In other words, not trying to LOOK Mexican, so maybe it actually IS Mexican. I ordered my classic go-to order.  A couple Tacos de Carne Asada & Horchata.  I threw in an additional Taco de Pollo Asado for good measure just to see how it is.  We also grabbed some chips and guacamole. The Food: The Horchata This is always my #1 point to rate.  Points for actually OFFERING it, but unfortunately they were out that night.  I did see the lady pull out a jug that showed a low level and thick substance in the bottom.  That means it is all rice, which means they actually make their own Horchata, rather than using a mix.  GOOD!!!  But alas, I didn't get to try it.  Instead, I wound up getting Tamarindo, which was very good, and made fresh. The Tacos de Carne Asada So they had two options "Mexico City Style", and some sort of Gringo style with all of the americanized additions to it.  I went for Mexico city, as I am looking for authenticity.  They were GOOD.  Not great, but good.  The carne Asada itself was actually very good.  The tortillas were good, but not great.  They were standard.  I am accustomed to the small doubled up corn tortillas, or in a perfect world, fresh hand made tortillas.  But again, this is Orlando.  I am asking for too much.  Nonetheless, it was prepared correctly.  Carne, Onion, Cilantro and Chile.  They were good. The Taco de Pollo Asado. I wasn't a fan. The chicken just wasn't that great.   I wished I had one more Carne Asada. The Chips Freshly made, no doubt.  So many of the places out here use distribution-bought chips.  It drives me crazy.  They were very good.  Not of the standard I am accustomed in L.A., but the best I have had in Florida.   I think this goes back to the masa they use. The Guacamole Freshly made, excellent.  You know, there is little worse out there than the canned guacamole most places offer.  That would have been a total deal breaker for me, so thankfully the guacamole was excellent, and they didn't do that awful "put some on a bed of lettuce" trick to make it look like more :-) Verdict: If this was in L.A., I would have given it 2 stars.  Actually, it probably couldn't survive there.  But for Orlando, this is VERY good, and I will certainly be back... and hopefully they will have my Horchata next time!
Right next to Universal. Freakin' great food! We're from Arizona and this food is legit! Highly recommend!
Small space but nice interior.  My wife loved the veggie burrito. I had steak tacos the food was great!! If you are into HOT sauce they have some fire like assortment of sauces that come in three jars. PLEASE TRY THE PINEAPPLE OR WATERMELON JUICE!!!
Very affordable (entrees under $7) but *SO* delicious. The food was very authentic and as high quality as some of the swankier Mexican places I've been. I got the flautas: three chicken flautas topped with cheese and guacamole on a bed of lettuce, served with rice & beans. So good. I will definitely be returning here on future trips to the Orlando area. Be aware, they do charge (less than $2) for chips & salsa. That said, my husband and I both got entrees, I got a sweet tea, and we split chips & salsa, and we still made it out for less than $17 (pre-tip). TL;DR: If you're looking for high quality Mexican food but you're on a Taco Bell budget, this is definitely the place to go.
This is the closest to Cal-Mex I've found in Orlando. The staff is super friendly. The aqua-fracas are great. The mango and pineapple are fantastic. The place is a bit divey in a good way. It does get really crowded around lunch time so it's good to get here a bit before noon. They have a couple if tables outside and a few inside.
Great authentic Mexican and a few crazy but good menu items. Very small place and very busy, so be patient or call ahead and pick it up. Lunch seems to be the busiest and most chaotic. Service could use some work. It takes work to place your order. They don't seem fond of table service and if you do get it, it's slow! The food is damn good though. BEWARE!!! The creamy green sauce is FIRE!!!
This place is a hole in the wall! But this is one of the best Mexican spots I've ever visited. The food is super cheap (I'm talking like $6 a plate) and it's big portions. Delicious food!
I am disappointed with the high Yelp reviews. I was not impressed with Border Grill. The burritos in California are bigger, tastier, and cheaper. We had the following: - California style burrito with fries - Ok. Not a lot of fries though. Small portion. - Shrimp burrito - This was not on the menu, even though they had another shrimp dish. It was really expensive for $10 as it came with 6 pieces of shrimp. - Chips and salsa - Thicker type salsa. Ok chips. I did like the salsa bar that they had. Otherwise, I would skip this place.
Been here twice. Fantastic both times. The Mole sauce is very good and this is the most authentic Mexican restaurant we've found in Orlando.
Great little place near universal studios- far better than anything inside the resort.  Had the torta with pork pibil and it was flavorful and fantastic . my wife had the tacos and they too were delicious.  Our entire bill with two dishes chips and guac and two beers came to $22 - and great service.  Great place!
After getting a hearty thumbs up from a trusted associate I stopped in to grab some takeout a week and a half ago.  When I walked in, I couldn't help but grin from ear to ear.  The owners certainly saved on paint and decor, but I wasn't looking for an ultra modern take on Mexican food, and in all honesty, this reminded of the Mexican run restaurants that I love in Arizona and Texas.  Greeted by a woman who's English was about as good as my Spanish, I ordered a smorgasbord to take back for everyone at work.   The chips were fresh, nothing store bought here!  Avocados were cut when my order for guacamole was placed.  That's awesome!  The pork tacos were awesome.  Carnitas, Pibil and Pastor were spot on.  Border Grill is now also one of my favorite places to get Lingua (tongue) tacos as well.  I love my tacos California style, protein, onion and cilantro, and Border Grill recommends their tacos be served that way.  My only complaint is that some of the tacos were a little dry, but damn, even the dry ones were still delicious.  I might have to head back this week.
THIS is real Mexican food!! Border Grill is a little counter service hole in the wall inside a strip mall. Walking by you would never think of the deliciousness that lives inside. The prices are amazing and the service is quick and friendly. We went late on a Monday evening and there weren't many people inside. The woman working the counter offered to let us sit down and order from our table rather than ordering at the counter, which was an unexpected touch. They had Mexican coke and Horchata which is awesome! She promptly took our drink orders and brought out some guacamole and queso. This place is bare bones, I'm not even sure the AC was on, but it is completely worth it if you want really delicious, authentic food! My wife and I ate for less than $30 total including tip! It was such a great meal! We will definitely be back to Border Grill!!
This place is the spot to go for authentic Mexican food. Everything made fresh. Friendly staff. What else could you ask for. I got the Chicago style burrito with asada and my wife got the veggie burrito. Both were outstanding, especially with the nachos with beans and cheese and a side guac. Highly recommend to anyone feenin' for some Mexican!! Ps- they're super cheap
Hole in the wall. But wait the food is deliciously delicious. We had chips and salsa which was very generous and served with homemade salsa. We then partook of nachos and tacos with pork meat. Very tasty and I splashed lime on mine. Nicely prepared. My gal had the taco salad. She enjoyed it until she found the beans. She hates beans. But the beans in my opinion added just the right amount of morter to hold the thing together, plus the chicken was grilled to perfection. We also ordered the burrito in the Chicago style. My son began eating with his fork and knife and eventually picked it up and devoured the tasty grande burrito. I would highly recommend this eatery to anyone looking for an uthentic Mexican dining experience. My only complaint is that I couldn't find something for my finicky 4 year old. But that's just his nature. I will definitely return and enjoy this hole in the wall.
I hate to say negative things about this restaurant, but yesterday was awful.  I guess since they have expanded they are trying our table service, as opposed to, ordering at the counter.  My Mom and I waited to get our drink order for 10 min. and no one came around.  The table that came in at the same time already had their drinks and appetizers.  When we asked someone in the kitchen if we could have someone come by our table, the cook rang the bell and the server ignored.  I am not sure if the server has not done this before or if there was a lack in communication on who would be waiting on what tables.  I will go back because I know the food is amazing and this was the first time anything like this has happened.  I just wanted to make a note, so they can fix this in the future.
This rating is only for the tacos and the place card holders. I had two chorizo tacos and one pibil (short for Cochinita Pibil - traditional slow-roasted pork from Yucatan); both meats were delicious! I was so hungry that I totally forgot to get a picture of my tacos!  The place card holders for the tables are holding cards from the Mexican card game, Loteria, which is like the Mexican version of Bingo. I thought that was cute!   I didn't love their sauces nor the lady who rang us up. She was nice and talked to us only because I asked what part of Mexico she's from (Mexico City), but not very customer service oriented. However, another shorter lady who was all over the place serving and cleaning was EXTRA helpful--so cute! I don't think this beats El Tenampa, but it does have great tacos which are hard to find in the Orlando area!  Well, not too hard if you know my mom personally, and she agrees to throw it down for you. ;)
Great place.  Fresh, good food, served quickly at a very good price.
A place for a flavorful quality quick meal. Everything was extremely flavorful. It's not a place where you can have a quiet relaxing meal after a long day at a amusement park. Which is what I was looking for that night. Anyway we had enchiladas, chimichanga and tacos. All were so good no extra sauces were required. Just in case you needed extra sauce they have two side sauces which were great as well.
The best Mexican restaurant I ever try in Orlando! I love it specially la chimichangas de carne asada and the California burrito!
Yummy!  We come here all the time! They recently expanded and it's much nicer with all the extra room. The food is delish! Their tacos are very traditional with only your choice of meat, onion, and cilantro and served with a slice of lime. The chimichanga is awesome if you want something a bit more mainstream. Also, their California burrito is a can't miss item. It has just about everything inside of it including French fries. It's awesome. They also serve beer and soda. Stop in, you won't regret it!
Don't blink or you'll miss it, and don't be put off by the location; this is definitely some of the best and authentic Mexican in the area.  Great value for your $$$$.
Best Mexican food that I have found in Orlando that compares to Chicago:) Torta-Milanesa is a must have!
So my credentials...wife is Mexican and her family is all from Jalisco in Mexico. She cooks pretty authentic stuff she learned from her mom. Start with the cons: Rice here is not good. Wasn't even edible. Did not look like what I'm used to. Sure as hell didn't taste like it. Avoid it. Beans. Oh so bland. My wife fries tortilla strips con salt before placing the beans in the pan. I don't know what it does but I could taste the difference. These were bland. Not nasty like the rice but bland.  Should put some crumbled queso freso on the beans too. It would help. Pros:   Tacos. Wow. Real deal. Small corn tortilla with chile verde and onion. I tried the chicken, carne asada and the al pastor. Best al pastor taco Ive had since I left east la. Wow. Really good. Chicken and carne asada were right on point. Carne asada was better than the chicken but not by a lot. The tortas looked good. I'll try that on my next visit. Chile bar had some that tasted good and some that was just meh. Go for the tacos. Legit. I'm going to swing by today on lunch and try the tortas.
Stop reading reviews about Mexican restaurants and go already! Five star food especially the taco el pastor and chile relleno.
Pretty good food!  I've been here twice now, once to go and once dine in, and have had: Chicken Flautas Crispy Ground Beef Taco Chicago Burrito [Asada] Rice Beans Cheese Dip Asada Tacos on Corn Tortillas I think the Flautas and the Cheese Dip were my favorite.  The rice is also very good.   The service is bistro style with very causal table service.    There was a small salsa bar on the counter that was a little picked over and nothing was labeled.  I got a small serving of something that was green and creamy and almost ruined my meal with how spicy it was, lol.   The interior is a little divey, but I like that.  It's pretty spacious and can accommodate 1 or 2 small groups as they expanded into what used to be a Thai restaurant next door [the sign is still up so don't get confused]. It's a little far for me so I won't go out of my way to go here, however if you are in the neighborhood I recommend trying it out.  You can get a little more adventurous with the menu than I did!
Yelp, you saved me & my belly. Boy and I came here during out mini vacation and we loved the food. The service is weird thought. Usually the waiter or waitress will seat you when you enter a restaurant; here you seat yourself & you order at the register. However, if you a buddy buddy with the lady at the front, she will get your order. eh. We had chip & guacamole, enchilada rancheros & chimicanga. The chips are lightly salted and goes great with the fresh guacamole. But my favorite was the rice and beans. Probably the best rice and beans I ever had!
Ate consecutive dinners here while on vacation in Orlando. Food was awesome. I found I liked the food here more so than at my usual spots at home in Sacramento. The tacos are great - I was able to sample carnitas, al pastor, and chorizo. The Chicago Burrito with carnitas is fantastic. Nachos with grilled chicken are good too. The restaurant is very close to Universal Studios which makes it a very convenient and economical dinner alternative to room service or the offerings at City Walk.
Nothing special here.  Food tastes good but it's nothing you can't make at home for 1/3 of the price.  Very simple Mexican food, but with a bit more price due to its proximity to several attractions.  I mean, a Mexican restaurant where you pay extra for chips and salsa?! Come on.
I think it's important to say that this place is not only tiny, but also that this is a quick service restaurant.  You go in, order your food, and select a place to sit from one of the 5 small tables they have.  I heard wonderful things about this place and met someone from out-of-town here, not realizing that there was no table service. That being said, the food here is delicious and cheaply priced.  They do have beer, including Pacifico, which I have a hard time finding.  I had the enchiladas and they were great.  I ordered guacamole, thinking it would be good for 2 people, however it is a tiny, tiny plastic cup that is barely enough for 1 person, but still very good.  The food is good here and I would go back again.
So driving up it looks like you're going to a half Mexican half thai place. It kind of sketched me out. I sat in my car wondering where I should go and if a half thai, half Mexican restaurant sounded legit, but walked in anyway because of the yelp reviews. But then once you go inside it's all Mexican, I'm still slightly confused as to that situation. I ordered tacos con carne asada and horchata. The horchata is good, not the best I've ever had, but I'm from LA. The chips and guacamole were very very good. The chips are definitely fresh, and that's really important. They don't bring out nearly enough guacamole though for the amount they charge for it. We had to go back and order more of it. The tacos were incredible, just like back home, the refried beans were alright and the rice was gross. It had a weird aftertaste to it that in was just not feeling. My sister got the chicago burrito and she ate the entire thing, which is a pretty big deal for her. There wasn't nearly enough avocado in there to charge for the avocado though. Moral of the review, it's a good place, with authentic Mexican, but they are trying to save money in the avocado department.
This kept popping up on my Yelp feed, and now I can understand why!  Really authentic and delicious Mexican food at extremely reasonable prices.  The flautas were perfectly cooked, and the accompaniments were fresh and flavorful!  My favorite part of the meal was the fresh watermelon agua fresca, I could drink this every day and be a very happy camper! I will admit that I was very confused on how to enter this restaurant. The sign for "Border Grill" was on top of a door that said "Use next door"   The next door was under a sign for "Thai Island Restaurant."  I stood in front for at least three minutes trying to determine what I was supposed to do.  Ends up the Thai Restaurant doesn't exist, and Border Grill extends into that location.   All in all, I was impressed - and I will definitely stop by when I'm in the area!
Delicious food, good quality, low prices,  friendly service and authentic Mexican. What kore can you ask for .... MUST go if you are in the area. The Chicago Burrito al Pastor was as good as everyone says!!!
Best Mexican I've had in a while. Everything is so fresh here and their homemade sauces are amazing. Highly recommend if you are craving Mexican!
A-MAAAAAA-ZING !!!!!!!! Never disapointed and always well taken care of. Left our expensive glasses and the busser kept them behing the counter until we renturned a few days later... cant beat the service. Authentic and delicious food!!!
Some of the best Mexican food I've had in Orlando. I knew it was going to be good authentic Mexican food because I could see police lights outside the plaza when we got inside. The place is tucked into a little strip mall and it might not get a ton of traffic, but people should definitely know about it. The staff was super friendly, and the food. Good god the food. It's great. We ordered the chips and salsa to start and unexpectedly also received an order of queso. Not sure if it's included with the order or if they messed up, but it was definitely a happy accident. The salsa was really fresh and just the right amount of spicy. For our entrees, I ordered the enchiladas rancheras and she ordered the fajita tacos. The ranchera sauce on the enchiladas was really delicious, but the real star of the show was the seasoning they had on the grilled chicken on the fajita. I don't know what it is, but I want to go back just for that. It's a sketchy looking location, but I definitely recommend taking a shot outside your comfort zone and giving this place a try.
Affordable, quick, and delicious!  You can't go wrong here.  Hole in the wall place in a strip mall hides this little gem.  Had the enchiladas rancheros and the burrito Chicago style, both excellent and a great value.  If you are feeling brave they have a homemade habanero salsa that is also tasty.
Ok, but not quite sure what all the fuss is about.   Can only assume that there aren't too many decent Mexican places in Orlando? Friendly staff, and the menu was interesting (and cheap), but the food itself didn't grab me.
We managed to squeeze in two visits here during our brief stay in Orlando. We really lucked out since we kinda stumbled across this place. The fist time we went, we fell in love with the Pibil tacos (Yucatan style slow roasted pork). Savory, super fresh and I ended up going back for immediate seconds. I guess it was no surprise when we went back a couple days later that they were totally out of the Pibil. We ended up trying out four other kinds (they have a lot of varieties to choose from). The shredded chicken was excellent and we'd also recommend the Pastor (marinated pork). Also, this time we did a bit more research and discovered that if you showed them your room key from the Hampton (where we were staying) they will give you a free appetizer of chips and salsa. The chips were so fresh they came to the table still warm! The salsa wasn't especially hot (which was fine with us) but still quite flavorful. Upon further reviews from other people on Yelp, we also tried out their Aguas Frescas pineapple and would have to agree that it was pretty damn good as well. Overall, the Border Grill has been added to our small list of "must come back to" places when we visit Orlando again.
i started my love for Jarritos here.  the waitress and the manager are soooooo nice.  Hi Guys.  I was in their getting my Nachos every night i stayed at the Holiday inn and Extended Stay across the street from you guys for 2.5 weeks.  HI.  Loved the food.  Amazing.  Melted cheese and chicken and lettuce was the best!!!!!!!!!!!! Go here and NOT TO The Wendy's or to the Millers Ale House
5 stars for service 5 stars for food / price ratio I'm from Los Angeles and I grew up eating tacos, rice, beans, etc... this place is legit. Tastes like what you'd get from a Mexican restaurant in Los Angeles. I went here several times while in Orlando, each time the food was great and the taste was consistent. The horchata is dang good, tastes like they make it there; not that powdered junk. The flan as well. Definitely have both! The service is fantastic, the employees are very friendly. The first time I came I was standing around for a few seconds and the chef saw me standing around, he said "Welcome, someone will be right with you" and handed me a menu. Private parking lot with plenty of spaces, easy to find, and open late. Closed on Sundays. If you're looking for great, simple, fast, and affordable Mexican food, I highly recommend this place.
Cheap authentic Mexican food. Tried the tacos, torta, and burrito. All were amazing. Forgot the salsa choices but some are quite spicy, take heed if you can't handle the heat. Shabby exterior, but I have this hope and belief: more ghetto = better food. Border Grill holds to that.
Thank goodness for Yelp!!! If it wasn't for the awesome reviews of this establishment, I would've never come across this place. And the crazy thing is that my husband and I used to live in this part of town over 5 years ago. What a shame that we're now clear across town and can't indulge in this place on a regular basis. Back to the restaurant.....it's a little hole in the wall on Vineland in a small little shopping center close to Kirkman. No huge signs. The only reason anyone would come across this place is if they were specifically searching for it or coming here on a whim.  The interior is nothing fancy. Several tables and a tv that I saw. You order when you walk in , pay(yes, they take cards) and they bring out the food to you.   I decided to order the Mexico City tacos(2) because they were authentic and came dressed with cilantro and chopped onion. I asked if I could substitute with chicken and they were more than happy to accommodate my request asking if I wanted my chicken grilled or shredded. My entire meal came with ample portions of yellow rice and refried beans. Everyone was delicious. The refried beans were creamy, the rice was flavorful and the tacos were hearty and perfect with the minimal toppings. It was more than enough food for me as my husband ended up finishing once I hit a wall. We ended up dining outside since the weather was nice . It was hardly packed for a Monday night but business seemed to be steady- a mix of locals and tourists. The only awkward thing was leaving our dishes on the table outside when we were finished. We looked and didn't see stations inside where we could leave our dishes. Glad we tipped ahead of time! I am looking forward to my next visit and trying out some other items on the menu.   I am crowning Border Grill as my new favorite place in Orlando for authentic Mexican food!  Check this place out!
Good flavor. I have not had mole this good in a loooong time. Chips cooked local, tamales hand rolled, lots of avocado I the guac.
I work at a near by hotel and only discovered Border while google searching for something new that I haven't eaten yet. My husband and I came here for lunch and were blown away!!! It had that "hole-in-the-wall" atmosphere like when I was in Mexico and the food definitely held up to the reviews. I ordered the Mexican Sandwich with grilled chicken on their homemade sandwich bun and my hubby got their 3 tacos with carnita and chicken, which I believe they made their own tortillas too. So amazingly good and great flavors! We did NOT leave hungry.  I will definitely be back and I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!!!!
I have to echo the other reviewers' sentiments- is place is truly delicious and authentic. It was really funny to read how many reviewers of this restaurant are from California. I am also from the golden state and have to say that this place reminds me of the amazing food I had in San Diego, LA, and San Francisco. They have so many choices of meat for your tacos and you can order creamy refried beans with rice along with two tacos for only $5.50. I wanted to try the Horchata which is made from real rice and not just mix, but they were out. I'll definitely be back!
Taco is good friendly staff as well the rice is a bit too moisture and soft for us asian but generally pretty good! Good for grab and go very authentic
