Chef owned, The Ravenous Pig is still in the limelight and continues to be a popular favorite of Orlando residents. Somehow I still hadn't ventured out to this restaurant. Witnessing Chef Petrakis add another victory to his sleeve at Battle of the Parks (my write up) put The Pig on my radar. Coupled with running for the best burger in Orlando, it was time to pay this Gastropub a visit. Coincidently, my fellow foodie was craving burgers. Looks like the Food Gods had spoken; Ravenous Pig was the unanimous choice to indulge our gourmand hearts. We walked into sophisticated yet simple interiors of walls mounted with large bronze mirrors, dim lighting, and my favorite tin ceiling. Hmm! Chic was the verdict. To appease our hungry souls, we ordered the house made pretzels and biscuits to douse our draught pints. Soft pretzel lightly salted accompanied with whole grain mustard and Taleggio cheese fondue. I personally enjoyed the fondue the best. The Gruyere Biscuit was fresh, buttery, and smoky to taste, satisfying to say the very least. For our main course we ordered the House made pasta and pub burger. House made fresh pasta, lightly dressed with Maine crab, tomatoes and brocolini; fair to say this was one of the better pasta's coming out of Orlando Kitchens. I was duly impressed. The Pub Burger - thinly cut truffle fries, crispy, and exuding the seductive aroma of truffles. Do I need to eat the burger? My burger was cooked perfectly as I ordered, medium, with pink interiors, nicely done. Caramelized onions topped with melted cheddar, all in all a decent burger. Personally I have a soft spot for restaurants owned by chefs. Having the courage and conviction to open your personal eatery where one can showcase their passion for food and ambiance deserves much credit. And The Ravenous Pig is a fine example of a successful endeavor for the Petrakis Family. High profile restaurants such as The Ravenous Pig carry a certain standard of dining and bring higher expectations to the table. Where The Ravenous Pig delivers in food, it lacks in customer service. I was particularly disappointed with our waiter; he was not only inattentive, but seemed too side tracked to cater to even our simple needs. After dining here, I can very much relate to the critics and fellow foodies rave reviews about The Ravenous Pig.  It delivers delicious food in a trendy yet elegant ambiance.
Straight up...I love wild game and wild mushrooms...take your sushi, veggies etc and and shove em....I know what I love and my meal here may not hit the modernist cuisine/ forager food that is so en vogue...but I really love that it doesn't.  My meal consisted of wild shrooms, roasted garlic, guinea hen, truffles, hedgehog shrooms etc. prepared to the higehst standard without the frou frou...a truly amazing spot
I found Ravenous Pig on a Yelper's list for a great place to take a date. They accept reservations which made it very convenient to schedule an evening for dinner.  After arriving there and noticing the popularity of the establishment, it really made sense to make a reservation.   The location is on a nice side street and has a small parking lot surrounding the building. The valet service makes parking a non-issue. When walking into the restaurant we were immediately greeted and taken to our seats.   The menu had a nice layout with a great selection of mouthwatering items. Each item had a unique appeal that made them stand out from other restaurants. It's a menu that changes frequently! More than the food itself I was amazed by the atmosphere and the service. Don't get me wrong the food was very delicious; however the overall experience there was ideal for evening out with a romantic interest. This is a must visit for anyone looking for a great place to dine, and an experience to remember.
Yessssss, I finally was able to come here.  Due to it's not so close proximity, this place has been on my list for a long time.  I nabbed a seat at the bar and went with the farmer's salad and octopus.  My salad was a perfect was to start off, refreshing and crisp but light enough to prepare me for more.  The octopus was perfectly cooked, with just the right texture.  The kielbasa offered the perfect contrast to the octopus, which was a great dish.  I definitely need to return here and sample EVERYTHING.
If you have the opportunity go to the seasonal pig roast! It's the first Saturday of each month.  For $17 you get ribs, sliced pork, jalapeno cornbread, collard greens, blackeyed peas, and a little cupcake.  This is a great deal considering the pricepoint of Rav Pig and what you're getting - QUALITY.  Check my photo - the portions are not "pig out" style - they're reasonably sized. I dare say the bbq was better than 4 Rivers! The ribs were moist, tender, and had an excellent smoky bark.  I found a coriander seed on the ribs, so the rub has some nice components to it and coated with savory glaze.  The sliced pork had a similar sauce to the ribs, were fairly lean, and tender. Also, the collards and peas were excellent sides.  I would give the jalapeno cornbread edge to 4 Rivers though.  The little cupcake was tiny, but pretty good. I've tried them for dinner and you really can't miss.  I would suggest getting an app or 2 and splitting the giant pork porterhouse.  Probably the best pork chop you will ever have! You also can't miss with their cocktails if you are a bourbon and/or bacon fan. See the "Old Fashioned".
Four cocktails, charred octopus appetizer, charcuterie plate, a shared pork sweetbreads entree, a bottle of fizzy water - $112.  Good value for money, Fairly typical of its kind - good but not over attentive service, small number of tables outside for sneaking out for a ciggie.  Large dining room or dine at the bar.  Would go back for the sweetbreads, soft like butter.
I love all of the random things here. Honestly, I'm good with the Gruyere biscuits and malted milk ice cream. The Gatherer is the best salad on Earth. Everything else just gets in the way since I'm not a huge carnivore. The cocktails are awesome. Leaving the analysis to the foodies. I'm happy with the simple things on the menu. The only reason for 4 stars is that the servers think they are awesome and got super annoyed that our table of 10 lingered and had a 4 course meal. That bill was easily a 1K and was clearly on a company tab, but the wait staff was highly annoyed at our continuing to bother them by ordering more food. The humanity of it all...
This is one of my favorite restaurants! It's on the pricier side, so I have only been twice for special occasions (birthday and college graduation), but it is so worth it. The menu changes every month or so (sometimes weekly) because they use fresh local ingredients as much as possible. Reservations are the way to go, and if you don't have one I suggest getting there around the opening time to try and snag a table in the pub area before it fills up. Now for the food, everything I've had has been delicious. The Gruyere biscuits are yummy, though subtle,, the pastas are delicious, and the salads are good too. I don't eat pork, but it's not too difficult to find food there to satisfy that. The only vegan option, however, is to get a salad, which although good, is not always satisfying tor some people. The food is very creative and often includes unusual or unexpected ingredients, so it's best to come in with an open mind. The desserts I've had have all been excellent as well, though I'm not as much of a dessert person and would probably prefer a second appetizer. :) The drinks are very nice as well, I've had both the Umatilla Smash and the Great American Classic and would recommend both highly. I also had a lovely port for dessert, so although the wine list may look short, it's good. They're opening a second restaurant in the area as well, and I'm hoping that it's just as good. The service has been good each time I've gone, both the waitstaff and hostesses have been pleasant. I especially enjoy how knowledgeable the staff is about the menu and wine list, and that they are willing and able to explain the dishes and give recommendations. I don't know if I'd call them friendly, but they are pleasant and I have no complaints as I don't really expect 'friendly' from these sorts of places. Overall if you're in Orlando and want to try one of the best restaurants and get away from the tourists I'd definitely recommend TRP. Just know that parking can be tight and that it isn't cheap, though it is definitely worth it.
Honestly one of the best meals I have had in a while. I go to some pretty decent restaurants and this ranks up there with the best. For a while I was turned off by the name as I don't dig pig but once I saw the menu I realized that it is not a BBQ place that I would have thought by the name. This is one super duper place, very trendy and decorated nicely with a very inviting ambiance. If you do happen to go, you have to get the Lobster Tacos as they are YUMMY... Another extraordinary taste was the cherries in the bottom of the Martini glasses. Next time I go I will have to ask for extra cherries. I do not know what the soak them in but it was a very unique eat after a lovely drink. All I can say is, The Ravenous Pig has not seen the last of me and the name really makes since know as you will be a Ravenous Pig once you taste the food. Five Star Worthy for sure!
Great atmosphere, seamless service, awesome biscuits! I was a little disappointed in the menu. I think of myself as an adventurous eater, but there was nothing that sounded good to me that night. I know the menu changes seasonally, so I will give this place another try this summer.
Oh, man, was it good!  I think I have a new favorite restaurant.  We are already planning the hour and a half drive there to eat again. The food was inventive, and changes monthly.  Drinks are pricey, but who can argue with bacon infused bourbon old-fashioneds?  k I don't think it is worth reviewing individual items for this place as they change so often, but I will mention that I got the mussels and drank the broth they came in (with a spoon.  I am not totally gauche!). It is NOT barbecue, though they may have some.  There is 'free' valet service.  Attire is nicer than casual.
I've dined here 3 times.  The menu is pricey, so my expectations are high.   I've had an inconsistent experience with both food and service.  Last week, the server was friendly but not attentive to a simple request for a water refill.  The mouless frites were excellent; I just wished simple, neutral bread was available to dip into the sauce.  The duck was tasty, but undercooked.  Several items, including its signature dish, Roast Suckling Pig, were already sold-out by the time our party arrived at 8:00 pm on Thursday night.  Very good wine list.
Very disappointed. After reading the kudos, I took a client to the Ravenous Pig for lunch.  Big mistake. First of all, the restaurant is very noisy when busy at lunchtime. But it got worse...The waiter recommended a sandwich that was very greasy and after nibbling on a few unappetizing bites (bad form to return food when with clients), I actually bit on a piece of bone. The waiter took the bone to the kitchen, and then didn't comment on it again. No apology from him or from a manager, no free dessert, nothing.  I was appalled at finding the bone and then insulted at the lack of interest from the staff. I would not go to this restaurant again.
Great restaurant for foodies.  Good wine list. We ate there with a part of 10 last Wednesday night. I had a fish dish and it was unusual and tasty.  Not a large restaurant but the servers were very knowledgeable and attentive to our needs.  Definitely recommend this restaurant.
I had the chefs tasting menu for my 40th birthday and it is as good as it gets.  Below is the menu the striped bass was the best fish I have ever tasted.  I was really enjoyed every course and once again I say this is the best place in central Florida!   ~CHEF'S TASTING MENU ~ Terrine Duo smoked trout terrine, trout roe, royal red shrimp terrine, chili tapioca Gramona "Gran Cuvee," Brut, Cava, Penedes 2008 Squab warm winter vegetable salad, huckleberry preserves, shaved foie gras Domaine Gachot-Monot, Pinot Noir, Cote de Nuits-Villages 2010 Striped Bass black truffle-celery root galette, port wine reduction, celery slaw La Spinetta, Vermentino, Toscana 2011 Sarsaparilla Venison pine ash gnudi, pine nut puree, black trumpet mushrooms, sunchoke confit CVNE Imperial Reserva, Tempranillo, Rioja 2004 Cheese Course stilton, bitter orange marmalade, local honeycomb, tuscan wine bread supplement 8. il Fauno di Arcanum, Bordeaux Blend, Tuscana 2007 supplement 8. Chestnut Parfait gingerbread, beet ganache, rompope ice cream Badia a Coltibuono, Vin Santo del Chianti Classico 2005
I really enjoyed the ambiance and the food here. I was visiting Orlando for July 4th weekend and my boyfriend had made reservations for us. It was definitely busy when we got there. We overheard the hostess telling another guy with no reservation that he wouldn't be able to get in until after 9PM. It was 6 at the time. We ordered a variety of small plates. Shrimp and Grits, Lobster Tacos, Gruyere Biscuits, Homemade Pretzels, Frog Legs, and a dessert!! The shrimp and grits were the best I have ever eaten! There were just so many different layers of flavors, it was like an explosion in my mouth! The lobster tacos were okay. I really wished they were grilled lobster tacos instead of fried. It really took away from the lobster flavor. It could have been frozen fish and I wouldnt have known the difference! All the accompaniments to the tacos were good though. Jalapenos were way too spicy! I love that the gruyere biscuits and pretzels were all homemade and the mustard and fondue were homemade too. Both were delicious. The Frog legs were the first frog legs i ever eaten. I was worried that the buffalo sauce would mask the flavor of the frog, but i could surprisingly slightly taste the frog flavor. The pickled celery and blue cheese combination was definitely BOLD flavor. They were decent. For dessert, we ordered the masumoto peach and blueberry cobbler and replaced the vanilla ice cream with blackberry sorbet to please both our palettes. Very satisfying. Unfortunately, I don't live in Orlando! I'll definitely come back the next time I'm in town to try out different dishes and get the shrimp and grits again.
There's not really much I can add to the other 50 awesome reviews of this place so I'll keep it short and sweet. The Pig and another restaurant (in Miami, I won't mention names here) are tied for 1st for the best food I have ever ate anywhere, ever. I had the Quail, Rabbit, Lobster Tacos, Truffle Fries, and Goat Cheese Cheesecake with Strawberries.  It was all absolutely amazing but the Quail was my favorite.  It was my first time having it and if I ever have it again I'm sure it will pale in comparison. The service was spot on and they were so accommodating.  It was my birthday and our waitress had the chef write Happy Birthday on the plate of my desert in some delicious strawberry goo.  Heaven! Oh yeah, and for all of that and a few drinks for 2 people was less than $100.  It is a great value considering the quality and freshness of the food.  You have to go!
The best restaurant in Orlando in my opinion.  Tremendous wine and beer list.  Get any bottle of wine by the glass for 1/4 of the bottle price.  The food, all of it, is inspired and incredible.  The menu changes often, but Steak Frites remain, because they're frickin' awesome.  Oh, and I've never had better French Fries.  It even beats Bouchon and Les Halles.
I absolutely love this place. Super nice staff and relatively fast service. Easy one of my favorite places here in orlando and as many say, probably the best food in orlando is served here. The food is consistent, creative, delicious, menus change every month and most of all,  it all comes with what seems to be  mismatched price tags. I believe for the quality of the food you're served, one would think you should be paying at least twice the amount of money per dish. If i would recommend a dish i would definitely  say the shrimp and grits it's a most try. Almost forgot about the cocktails they are also among the best i've ever had.
Very crowded place but excellent food and service.  I recomend sitting at the bar where Anderson and Larry will take great care of you!  I had a fantastic gourmet burger and goat cheese cheesecake and it was beyond wonderful!  The specialty mixed drinks will certainly quench your thirst.
Perfect from the moment we sat down to the last bite. We started with a clam and pork appetizer and in was not only delicious, it was also huge. Big clams sautéed in a light broth and chunks of a pork sausage similar to linguica. We ate every bite and I was tempted to lick the bowl but because it was date-night I reluctantly held back. For the main course I had the 28 oz pork porterhouse. This was thick cut and beautifully cooked. It came with a mustard sauce of some kind on the side but the pork was so perfectly cooked it did not need any additional sauces. I only ate half and finished the rest the following day. My beautiful wife had a pan roasted snapper and she was in heaven. I tried a bite and even though I am not a huge fish fan, it was quite good. For dessert we shared a strawberry rhubarb crisp that was very good as well. The service and food were flawless and even though it's a bit pricey we still ate a full dinner for two for just over $100. We've already made our next reservation  :)
My record is still skipping at the shrimp and grits. I also had a really nice piece of snapper.
Ok... yum. This place is really just soooo awesome. 1) cheese and charcuterie plate is phenomenal. 2) steak frites? yes, please. 3) truffle fries?! YES. 4) awesome wine list and super yummy cocktails. 5) great service! 6) high end, but also super affordable fare (pub burger!) 7) gingerbread pancakes for dessert? uh huh! I finally made my second trip here with my mom this weekend. I really need to get there more often! It was so yummy! It's always packed, so definitely make a reservation on the weekends. I am totally craving the cheese and charcuterie plate again. Want. Now. I really can't say anything bad about either of my experiences here. I love the decor, the service is always great, and the food is to die for! Definitely one of my favorites in town!
I loved it! The atmosphere was great- I loved the framed pictures on the ceiling.  My food was delicious.  The gruyere biscuits are delicious.  I had a fish dish with grapefruit and a Belgian white beer.  I loved both.
After having this place bookmarked for what seemed like forever, I visited the Pig for a lunch date with some girlfriends. Boy, was I impressed. This place is very cozy and has a really cool rustic-type vibe, from the high-end, brown kraft paper that covered the tables to the dark wood barstools and exposed brick walls. The food here, however, is the star. We got the soft pretzels as an appetizer and they came with little sides of beer-infused cheese and whole grain mustard for dipping. These tasted as authentic as the pretzels I used to eat in Germany, not an easy feat to accomplish. Kudos, Rav Pig! For the entree, I ordered the Steak Frites and was extremely happy with my dish. The meat was cooked perfectly and was very, very tasty. I am salivating thinking about it! The thin cut fries with truffle oil weren't too shabby either ;) This "gastropub" has a small menu, but offers classic pub-fare, with some inventive and unique dishes. They change their menu regularly and source locally. Love that. I can't wait to go back for dinner! If you love trying new places, and are as in love with food as I am, you will appreciate this place. Oh, and service was spot on!
if you've looked at the menu (theravenouspig.com/wp-co…) and aren't a pork (or seafood) fan, then you'd probably pass on this restaurant....but wait - i don't eat pork, and have only recently started to eat fish, and this was one of my favorite dining experiences since moving to florida! my roommate's family was in town.  this being one of their favorite orlando restaurants, we ended up meeting them here for dinner on a saturday evening (reservations are a must).   there were over 8 people in our party, so i won't try to review everyone's dish, but i do know that everyone was happy with their food (starters, entrees, desserts, drinks, etc.), and we all left in a food coma.... definitely try the gruyere biscuits.....the smoked sea salt butter is amazing - i wanted to eat it with a spoon (gross, i know).  the pub burger was also delicious (the truffle fries and buttermilk blue cheese....so good!). also, our server was so nice....and from watching interactions with different servers at other tables, i think this is just the standard of service. i can't wait to bring my bf here!
Had a great time at the bar here last night.  I think it does very well for it aims to be, just happens to not be my kinda place.   Draft selections are thoughtful, but not down my alley. Bathroom situation is ridiculous.. the big cheese platter has some great stuff on it, but they only give you a few bread slivers with it and no crackers.. and the really good stuff on there is this moussey/pastey stuff that really calls for it. Retarded.  Burgers looked nice, I should have done that instead. Place is cramped, which is more ok if its worth it.. for me its pretty meh.  I can understand the appeal though.
awesome meal, terrific drinks and FABULOUS service. the hamachi starter was good, but we could have skipped it. the tacos were phenom, I just loved them. I had the skirt steak and it was cooked perfectly and came with the most amazing mushrooms... I am still salivating. highly rec'd.
The Ravenous Pig has been on my list of places to eat at for over a year.  When a place has over 300 reviews on Yelp, it tends to set my expectations high for the kind of dining experience I'm going to have.  The Ravenous Pig did not disappoint at all.  The food, ambiance, and service all were so memorable that I have been thinking about the meal that I shared there with my girlfriend for the past week and a half. If you want to eat at the Ravenous Pig, plan it out in advance because weekend reservations can fill up weeks in advance.  Having that said, my girlfriend and I decided to walk in close to restaurant opening.  We were able to be seated outside but could not be offered a seat inside for about three hours.  Amazingly enough, it was a beautiful day.  Sitting outside on the street made me feel like I was in a more urban and trendy location than Orlando.  The inside, though, is the perfect place for a date.  Seriously, consider making a reservation weeks in advance. The menu changes daily.  We ordered a craft beer, Gruyere Biscuits, Pork Belly & Nantucket Bay Scallops, Boynton Beach Pompano, Steak Frites, and the bread pudding with the  Nutella ice cream dessert. I've been thinking about the pork belly and scallops for the past week on and off.  The scallops were little sugar bombs that exploded in your mouth when you tasted them.  The dish was sauteed and the pork belly complemented the seafood in a way I haven't experienced in a while.  The presentation of this dish was a work of art. I could go on and on about how the rest of the menu items were so fantastic.  Usually, I like to go to a restaurant to talk to people about their lives and feelings.  This place was so good that all I ended up talking about for the rest of the night were the sensations consuming the food gave me. Go here.  You won't regret it.
wow... I had the pork torta as a special and it was insane. Fries were delicious and even the coca cola tasted great. They were out of Lobster Rolls and that is my only complaint.
Highlights: Great drink menu. Bloody Mary was excellent, came with tons of interesting pickled veggies. Had the French 75 drink, great! Would have liked to try more drinks but it was lunch. Soft pretzel was just okay. Tasted like auntie annies in the mall. Husband loved the beer mustard sauce. Salad was good. A little heavy on the dressing, but interesting flavors. Burger cooked perfectly. Fries were light on truffle (not really truffle fries). Really liked homemade pickles. Overall, one of the more interesting restaurants in Orlando. It's nice to see locally sourced, chef owned restaurants popping up. Will have to go back for dinner sometime. Complimentary valet is nice.
While the lobster tacos were to die for, you don't get a lot of lobster meat, maybe 3-4 chunks of lobster meat per taco. My wife ordered the seafood pasta with fresh tagliatelle.  I found it very salty.  I ordered the skate wing.  The skate wing was good, a little on the salty side, but the sauce was kind of gross.  It was a combination of a lemon butter sauce meets hollandaise meets bernaise.  I didn't like it and couldn't take the sauce anymore.  Our friend had a flat iron steak with a sweet sauce on the side.  The steak was great while the sauce didn't really pair well at all.   The restaurant is pretty cool.  The ceiling is lined with copper which I thought was neat.  Located on a busy street.  Valet parking only.
The pork chop was out of this world!
Excellent service and food is fresh and perfectly seasoned!  I went here for lunch with my family and everything we had was delicious.  I had the flounder sandwich on brioche with fries.  I really enjoyed the flavors of the dill with the fish and it was cooked perfectly!  It melted in my mouth!  The fries were skinny and crispy!  Deviled eggs tasted like home!  My boyfriend enjoyed the burger with blue cheese, Dad had lobster tacos and mom the shrimp salad.  All were wonderful dishes!  I can't wait to go back when I'm in Orlando again to try their dinner!
While Orlando and environs is made up of an impressive (not as in quality food) number of chain restaurants, my dining companion and I were attempting to dine at only local establishments and turned to Yelp for recommendations, as the local tourists rags only suggested mass market, and mass volume chains. Sadly, The Ravenous Pig disappointed on many levels, given the high expectations we had. To begin, the decor misses the mark, it is a eclectic assortment of Home Depot style chairs and counters mixed with Edison style bulbs in a stucco walled main dining room. The odd decor does not lend itself well with the style of food that is being served, which also, unfortunately, was not memorable. We started with the deviled eggs and pretzel appetizer, but found neither to be any more delicious than deviled eggs prepared at home or pretzels served at a hot dog cart, other than they were less salted. While whole grain mustard and a melted cheese sauce were provided for dipping, it did make us question if our primary meal would be just as mediocre. Our first sandwich, a pork belly Reuben lost its meat in the oversize sandwich bread and while I can understand why one would not layer the amount of pork belly, which is typically fatty on a sandwich, a thinner cut of bread would have allowed what should have been the primary ingredient to be the star - the pork belly, to shine. The "Pub" burger included crumbled blue cheese and caramelized onions and as served on a brioche bun, however, while the meat was cooked to order, it lacked seasoning and it was deemed to be "just ok". Service was quick and efficient, with refills of water and tea being served as needed, prices were modest at about $20.00 per person for the number of courses we sampled. While I would probably give TRG another try for dinner, rather than lunch, it was, sadly, just an OK meal.
This is my second review of The Ravenous Pig. It is still one of my favorite restaurants anywhere, for what they do. The menu changes often, depending on market availability of fresh ingredients, and the dishes are always imaginative. You'll see some familiar offerings almost  all the time, with new ones cropping up frequently. They have fantastic cocktails, a great beer and wine selection, and the friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff can tell you all about the food and drinks to help you decide.  For "an American Gastropub," this place is the best!  James, the chef / owner, and his team, deserve five stars for every meal (about 25 now) I've ever eaten here!  And I live almost 200 miles away!
I love the Ravenous Pig.  The food is creative and decadent, the cocktails are delicious and fun, and normally the service is excellent!!  My husband and I have been many, MANY times, for lunch, dinner, special occasions, or not...and every single time we have been blown away by the delicious food.   Definitely get yourself a yummy one of a kind cocktail.  The biscuits are not to be missed and sell out every night.  Some of the wonderful staples on the menu include shrimp and grits, lobster tacos, house made pretzels...and even though these are amazing and delicious and you should definitely have them at least once, do yourself a favor and try some of their seasonal offerings.  The menu changes often, so if something looks good...get it, or you may miss your chance!!  We enjoyed some delicious red snapper ceviche last week which I am sure won't be on the menu the next time we go.  The pastas are always winners, last visit the truffle gnocchi was absolutely heavenly.  I had the lobster and short rib for my entree and it was wonderful.  Also, the charcuterie is a must eat...they make everything in house.  Delicious!! James and Julie, the married chef owners, are just awesome...Julie is a very talented pastry chef and the desserts are excellent.  This is one of the best restaurants in town!!  Definitely make a reservation, well in advance if possible.  They fill up, especially on Friday and Saturday nights.  Oh and they aren't open on Sunday or Monday.  Lunch is a must have as well!!
Indeed the best meal we had in Orlando on our short get away back to our hometown.  Thank you YELP, without yelp we would not have such a delicious dinner! Without yelp we would have been stuck with chain food everyday!  Everything was amazing! I had a gazpacho bloody mary and I have to say it was one of the best bloody mary I ever had anywhere.  For starters, we ordered the baby octopus n the sturgeon! Both were so scrumptious.  But what floored me was the pork porterhouse.  It ruined me because I just don't know if I can eat pork again without comparing it to Ravenous Pig's.
This place is so worth it! Came here without a reservation, so waited for a seat at the bar. Everyone was so nice (both the servers & the guests). They also seem to have a lot of regulars - makes me wish I lived in Florida so I could frequent this spot and be a regular as well! We ordered (sorry, I'm writing this review late so I don't see some of these items on the menu anymore... sadface): - Quail appetizer: This was so yummy. I don't see it on the menu anymore - it had sausages, and the one on the current menu does not. This was probably my favorite dish of the whole meal. - Steak Frites: The bf seemed to have like this dish, no complaints here! Truffle fries are always a bonus. - Grilled Venison: First time having venison - so tender! - Pumpkin Brulee: Good, but a little too sweet. I was also really full by this point. I'm not sure why we got dessert. We were definitely being greedy. - Bread Pudding: I think there was hazelnut. I love hazelnut. They also serve you this caramel popcorn while you wait for your food - it was pretty addicting. I also ordered a drink off their cocktail menu - Gin & Jam -- it was so tasty, and I'm not even a fan of gin. Overall, it was a terrific meal. Really glad we decided to check this place out while we were here.
OK I have been here 6 times in the last two months. I really like the food and love to bring friends here. I sometimes get reservations and other times just fight for a bar table. I have yet to have something here that I don't like. Everything tastes great and I always end up eating way too much. Hands down this has the best uncommon bar choices I have found outside of a big city (Boston, NYC, PHL). Hand made mixers and great cocktails. Great off beat selection of wines and liquor. Now this place is not cheap, cocktails are $12 each and a couple can easily spend $100 before tip but that's OK and I have never had a bad dining experience. Wait staff if great! OK now for the annoying part. The Hostesses are flat out rude. Not just when it is busy (which is understood) but when it is dead too! They remind me of part in Oceans 13 where the guys calls down to switch rooms and the desk clerk says no rooms available but is just playing solitaire. Two times now I have had my reservation "lost" while sitting at the bar waiting for my table. If this happens once more I am going to lower my rating and seriously consider finding a new place to dine. I am definitely not a weekly regular and perhaps I am just jealous that the annoying douche John Morgan can walk in and get a table with no problems...
Maybe we listened to too much hype before we finally tried this place, but our experience was less than stellar. Walking in to a packed house and a loud crowd, we got a couple of draft beers at the bar. Nice little beer list. Then our table was ready (reservations made a few weeks in advance). Service was "hip, trendy, and casual." That seems to be the motto of the place. Gruyere cheese biscuits and some salads with goat cheese to start. Biscuits were great and salads were good. Then the mains. I ordered the beef brisket and my partner ordered lamb over a ravioli-type pasta. Unfortunately, this is where things went awry. My beef came out lukewarm (it probably sat waiting for my partner's dish). I didn't want to have to wait another 20 minutes, so I didn't say anything. However, this fact going up against our great expectations served to majorly deflate... The dish itself was inspired but too ambitious. The beef was set over two slices of super sweet cantaloupe. The contrast was too much for my palate, and I ended up shoving the melon to the side. That with the lukewarm dish made it a loser. My partner's lamb dish suffered a similar fate of sharp contrasts gone wrong. The lamb was stewed and tasty, but served over goat cheese raviolis. Unfortunately the menu did not reveal the pasta was filled with goat cheese- really too strong for my partner's tastes to begin with. Paired with the gaminess of the lamb, it was another lackluster dish. Dessert was good, but at this point it would had to have been great to re-inflate our expectations. Overall we felt letdown, but maybe we should never have let out ourselves letup. Honestly, I think there are quite a few other restaurants that outshine the Pig. Ravenous Pig was just too ambitious and trying to be trendy for our tastes.
What can I say this place for lunch or dinner is fantastic Service is great and the food is amazing. The menu changes often so I cant say much about something in particular. The tomato soup and grilled cheese for lunch is to die for. The scallops for dinner are great. I am more than a regular here and will continue to be so.
Two words, Lamb Burger and Truffle fries. Ok maybe more than two words, but these two items, especially together are the best one/two combination in Orlando. This is one of my favorite restaurants in WP. My wife and I typically sit at the bar, the bartenders are great and they offer great insight on most of the meals on the menus. They also have some great drinks there. Try the Bacon infused bourbon, it is a mind blower!! The only downside, which really isn't one, is that you have to pick your times to go. the place is always packed. So make reservations if you don't want to wait. Otherwise, the bar area is a great place to eat, but you have to get in where you can fit in.
Never disappoints. Always something new and amazing to try. Be adventurous!
Oh Piggy, Piggy. I've made it my life mission to eat well. That means avoiding chains...unless, of course, I'm craving Chili's Chicken Fajitas. But thanks to shows like Top Chef, I've gotten a little more adventurous with my food. I've heard about this amazing Winter Park restaurant for some time now, and finally, got to experience it for myself. My first thought...I'm truly shocked that this restaurant is in Orlando. Seriously. For a second, I felt like I was back in Chicago, which has become ridiculously popular for it's amazing non-chain restaurants. The Ravenous Pig is a restaurant in Winter Park, a suburb just north of Orlando. The only thing I don't like about their website, their menu opens in a PDF - I find that annoying. BUT, that is my only complaint at all about the restaurant. We started with drinks - and you almost cannot go to this restaurant without ordering the Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned: bacon infused buffalo trace bourbon, vanilla maple syrup, orange bitters.  Yes, bacon in a drink.  It's strong, and it's delicious. Next, an order of the Tacos for an appetizer.  The Tacos are fernandina beach rock shrimp with cilantro, avocado, pickled jalapeño, cabbage slaw.  First of all, the pickled jalapeño was served on the side...which made me very happy.  It almost scared me off of ordering them in the first place.  And I'm so very glad I did, because they are serious contenders for the "best food I've had in my mouth" award. I will be back just for these tacos - and next time, I may order 20 and just sit there for a few hours eating.  And I will be happy. We also ordered the Gruyere Biscuits which are served with smoked sea salt butter.  Not a lot to say about them except amazing.  They were served warm and the butter melted and it was heaven. There were so many great options for dinner and we just couldn't decide.  But after reading so many great reviews online about the Pub Burger, I decided to give it a go.  Next time I will try something else, or I'll just get 20 tacos.  Either way, it was a good burger that included caramelized onion, buttermilk blue cheese and truffle fries.  And let's talk about those fries...perfection.  My husband and I almost had to have an eating contest of who could shove them in their mouth faster.  It was sad really. While there were many food options that I also wanted to try, I also felt the need to save room for dessert. I decided since I really didn't eat a lot of 'pig' that I had to go with the 'Pig Tails' for dessert. The Pig Trail are warm cinnamon-sugar tossed fritters with chocolate espresso sauce.  They were delicious and adorable. My husband decided to order dessert, which is so rare, but he couldn't pass up the cheescake made with a beer sauce! Mascarpone cheesecake, pistachio crust, masumoto peach salad, dogfish head festina peche sauce. That was so amazing that i may get that next time. The crust was crunchy and tasty. A perfect combination with the mascarpone. I have nothing but amazing things to say about the restaurant, and I cannot wait to go back. For pictures and more reviews check out: mrsjennifercook.com/2012…
Hubby and I have been trying to eat here for a while now but never planned far enough in advance to get a table.  This time we did and secured a table for 4 at dinner time on a Thursday a week in advance.   We were greeted by the valet prompt and he was very polite.  When we walked in the hostess was waiting for us and before we even stopped at the door she took us to our table.  We sat at the window which was a great spot for first timers.  We were able to see all the food coming from the kitchen and the sunset outside. Our waitress Erin was prompt to greet us and explained the concept of The Ravenous Pig.  The guys ordered a Lucky 13 beer and a Gin and Jam (Lychee) cocktail.  I, being 8 months pregnant, ordered a ginger ale and Erin suggested a mock-tail that the bartender only makes for pregnant women. It was the best drink I've had in 8 months!! For starters we ordered the Potted Shrimp & Crab Crostini and House-made Soft Pretzels with fondue.  The fondue was delicious and the shrimp and smoked crab pots were to die for. For entrees we each ordered our own but shared so we could get a taste of everything.  The ladies went with Pub fare to save room for desert.  The guys went all out. Pub Burger:  Very high quality products went into making this burger. We must have seen at least 20 of them served during the two hours we were there. Lobster Tacos: a serving of 3 was plenty to eat and the jalapenos on the side. The breading on the fried lobster was fluffy like sweet and sour chicken which I don't really care for but the avocado cream and slaw was a perfect compliment. Lobster & Short Rib: served in a bowl which threw us off at first and so much lobster foam it was hard to see what was beneath, but one mouthful of foam and you knew you were in for a treat.  The dish was very complimentary and everything was delicious.  The butter-poached Maine lobster tail, grilled 48-hour short rib, potato puree, fennel-apricot agrodolce, amazing. Smoked Vande Rose Pork Porterhouse: served on a cutting board with a steak knife but you didn't even need the steak knife to get a bite.  The fat left on the sides of the pork was crispy and made each outside bite so delightful. The topping, I'm not sure what it was but made each inside bite just as great. The side, served in a small cast iron dish; cantaloupe and watermelon salad, Charlie's banana peppers, barbecue gastrique...awesome. As if that wasn't enough to fill us up we couldn't resist the desert menu.  Come on the owner is a pastry chef!  We couldn't decide so went for our top 4 picks and shared. Cake: coconut cream filling, toasted coconut-cream cheese frosting, grilled pineapple, mango sorbet....need I say more? Chocolate-peanut butter whoopie pies, sweet cream milkshake: Good but our least favorite out of the 4 we tried.  The serving came out with 3 whoopie pies and since there were 4 of us the chef had no problem serving one more.  They're about the size of a dollar coin.  The milkshake was good, like the ones I make at home real vanilla bean ice cream. Nectarine-blueberry cobbler, crème fraîche-brown sugar biscuit, tarragon ice cream: Definitely the winner on the table!  The tarragon ice cream throws you off at first but you're in love by your second bite.  I'm already trying to figure out how to do this desert take out. Chocolate-covered goat cheesecake, almond crust, blackberry sorbet:  If you like goat cheese you have to try this.  The dark chocolate, think shell took some effort to break through but the distraction was good because once you dug in you didn't want to stop.  The cheese melted in your mouth and the goat cheese flavor went perfectly with the dark chocolate.  The blackberry sorbet on a chocolate crumble was such a nice compliment. if my long review hasn't already made you open another tab to book a reservation on Open Table you should do so now. It's worth the wait and definitely worth the money.  You can't go here with a tight wallet.  Add in a couple of after dinner bourbons for the guys and we left full and happy $250 later. Worth every penny!  Thank you Ravenous Pig for such an great dining experience.
The pork porterhouse was the best piece of pork I have ever eaten! It was the tastiest and juiciest, which is always a challenge with pork. We also had the charred octopus which was really tasty. A bit salty and a small portion for the price (4 pieces for $14) but very tasty none the less. And I must say the service was absolutely fabulous.
One of my all time favorite Orlando eateries. The food and drink menu is always evolving and changing with the season. It is a great place for a romantic date, celebration, or even a nice lunch. The Gruyere Biscuits are what dreams are made of. If you are overwhelmed by the menu, don't stress--the staff are friendly, helpful, and well educated on menu and are great with suggestions.
5 Star Solid Amazing Marvelous Food. The ravenous pig really lived up to my already lofty expectations.  Let's get the negative over with first...it's busy - really busy.  Do yourself a favor and make a reservation even if you plan to be there right at opening. Now onto the amazing!   You have to start with the Gruyere Biscuits.  Yeah they are a buck a biscuit but they are friggin awesome and totally worth it.  We decided to have the charcuterie and cheese plate for an app - amazing selection of sausages, cheeses and accompaniments.  It really could almost be an entree if you are in the mood for it.   For an entree I had the steak frites. I have had this entree at many restaurants all over the world...this was really one of the best.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned... deslish!  Another person at my table had the pub burger which they also loved although we had WAY to many fries for the table at that point.   No room for desert but I can't wait to go back and try. This really is a gem in the Orlando dining scene - hit it up and continue to support amazing food in Orlando.
We dined with another couple to celebrate the triple number day of 12/12/12. We're not Winter Park locals but this restaurant and its positive reviews made us choose it when visiting. After studying the menu for a while we ordered the charcuterie and artisan cheese plate to share. Oh wow was this fantastic. If you look at the menu online the plate's composition changes from night to night. But the pork rillette and nduja were standouts. Our wine selection was the Clarendelle Merlot from Bordeaux. Our mains were: Sasparilla Venison, Veal Brisket Cassoulet and Pork Porterhouse (split by our friends). All were very good. My cassoulet was not traditional French topped with bread crumbs or fried bread cubes and cracklings. It did have traditional sausage and beans and was mounded with an herbed brioche. Delicious! The portion could have been a little larger but was certainly adequate. The porterhouse was huge. Dessert was a creme brulee that we all shared. Staff was young but knowledgeable and helpful. We had a number of questions about ingredients and items we weren't familiar with, such as the nduja. Noise level was on the high side but still tolerable. We had a comfortable booth in the middle room.
I'm happy to have eaten here. It was for our Valentine's Day dinner, and it rocked! Great atmosphere and lighting, great for date night. Service was professional and food was fantastic. Ordered 2 apps, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts = super full! APP House-made charcuterie - The whole reason I wanted to come here. It was awesome and good for 2 to share. Served on a wooden board with 2 cheeses, 3 thinly sliced meats, 2 pates, lardo on bread, 2 picked vegs (green tomatoes and cucumbers today), and the grained mustard. It was so good with a small of beer (1/3 of a pint), and I definitely paced and savored each bite slowly. APP Wild mushroom manicotti - One manicotti stuffed with a mushroom filling and topped with a variety of mushrooms and chestnut chips. Interesting taste, tangy and woody but not too rich. ENTREE Chorizo crusted cod -  Served with white bean puree and side of white beans. Topped with slivers of chorizo on a gracious serving of cod. Fish was perfect, and seasoning was great, especially with the sherry foam. ENTREE Housemade tortellini - Worst part of the meal for me was actually the tortellini. It had a kale or collard green filling (wasn't stated on the menu), but it was in a cioppino broth with lots of local seafood. The tortellini didn't go well with the rest of the meal, but the rest of it was better. It was a little salty. SIDE of truffled fries - It was $3 for a side. WORTH IT. Served in a pint glass, and it was very salty and truffle-y, and perfect accompaniment to beer. DESSERT Apple fritters - Great presentation, so cute! Little tiny glass of cinnamon milkshake with two straws, next to 5 little apple fritters dusted with powdered sugar in a box, and a little side car of caramel sauce. It wasn't amazing but still good; would just rather try something else. Milkshake didn't seem like a good idea when apple fritters were so sweet already; it got lost. DESSERT Trio of sorbets - Our waitress gave us an exorbitant list of ice creams and sorbets (would be easier to read them rather than ask her to repeat at 50 flavors again), but I settled on three sorbet flavors (blackberry, pomegranate, and coconut-lime). They were very zesty and flavorful. Would recommend if you want a nice palate cleanser or light dessert. Very exciting restaurant, can't wait for my second meal here.
I am mesmerized by the truffle fries and gruyere biscuits.
The Ravenous Pig has gotten glowing reviews from several of my friends and co-workers, and I finally got the chance to experience Winter Park's gastropub this week. If we're talking strictly flavor, RP gets 4.5 stars. My order of steak frites was quite tasty and the black Angus steak was cooked to perfection. The truffle fries were also delicious, albeit very salty. The tarragon aioli was just okay. My companion ordered a grouper dish that included an orzo mac-and-cheese base; this could easily be the best dish on their menu. It was absolutely flawless. Also noteworthy are the RP's Gruyere biscuits. Again, rather salty, but they are downright sinful, with a meat-infused (bacon?) flavor that is divine. I have to disagree with the several Yelpers that didn't care for the service: the valet was efficient, the hostesses were friendly, and our server was fantastic. She was very attentive without smothering. Where RP loses a point or two is in value for the money. I was disappointed that my steak came ONLY with the fries ... no veggies anywhere on the plate. I don't mind paying a bit extra for quality food (which this obviously is), but it would be nice to have more than two flavors on the plate. The Ravenous Pig stands out in the Winter Park dining scene, which is sadly lacking outside the Park Avenue area and Houston's. Check it out for a high quality, original dining experience.
My absolutely favorite restaurant in Orlando. Its one of the few that is not a chain, and a true original. I would suggest ordering a bunch of Pub Food (tapas) & Starters. You are try a lot of fun things & share this way. Love the Lobster Tacos, Biscuits & Pig Tails for dessert  :)
All in all, i recommend this place.  If i were to rate it based purely on my main course, i would sadly give it a 3 tops, but  factoring in the meals of my dinner mates, the appetizers, the desserts and most of all the staff, this boosted this rating.   I'm told the menu changes often, and it's a wonderfully diverse menu with options for everyone. For starter our group had the Gruyere biscuits (decent) which were buttery and fresh, flavorful shrimp tacos (delicious), pretzels(decent)  with beer fondue, and grouper fritters (tasty).  For mains: a beautiful steak and shoe string fries, perfectly cooked venison with truffle butter, gorgeous juicy grouper, and i had home made truffled pappardelle pasta (which was stuck together in clumps, a bit dry with no sauce to speak of, and cold).  We were delighted when presented with all of the desserts, my favorite was the chocolate pear truffle, decadent and rich but not overly heavy.  Tying for second were the pig tails (long thin beignets) and the creme brule.  My comrades raved about the "PB&J",  a delicate chocolate cookie with vanilla bean gelato on top, a blackberry compote and crushed peanuts, but it wasn't my style, and there was an apple bread pudding with caramel which was moist and texture was perfect, but the flavor wasn't quite stunning enough to overshadow the other desserts.   All in all it was a nice experience, the dining room was not overcrowded or loud, even filled with people, and the staff was friendly and helpful.  Based on the prices, i would recommend it as a special occasion place.
The flavor, presentation, and service are good not great.  It's a solid three-star place. In short, place is over-rated.  There are restaurants in Orlando for which I'd plan two weeks ahead to get a table.  This isn't one of them.   "Just add more salt" isn't the answer to every seasoning conundrum. If you get a table, try the lobster tacos and a craft beer on draught.
I finally tried this place and was blown away. I called a few days early to get a reservation and they were already booked for a Saturday night. However, we went anyway and were seated immediately  (party of 2). Waiter was awesome and attentive. Got the scallop app, it was delicious. It had bacon, apples, potatoes.. it was perfect. They also have a great beer list. I got the monkfish for dinner and bf got the venison. Both were amazing, the monkfish was one of the best things I have ever eaten. Creme brulee was our dessert and try the bacon infused old fashioned!! This place is so good, I can't say it enough.
Excellent food. Reservations are a must. I always get whatever the server suggests because the menu changes regularly.
I don't even know where to begin. How about: best place I've eaten at all year! I absolutely love this place. From the amazing selection of local beers and fine wines to their mouth-watering desserts, and everything in between this place delivers on flavor and quality. Did I mention great, attentive service? We started with their homey Gruyere biscuits. We then ordered some local beers which were bold and delicious. We also had a couple of great cocktails, from which I especially recommend the Gin and Jam. Shortly afterwards their cheese platter appetizer arrived. It came with a great selection of soft and hard cheeses, alongside olives, chicken liver pate (yum!), sliced meats, and many other bites to accompany and complement the cheeses. Everything was so good that conversation ceased, except for the occasional compliment of the food, until the platter was cleared of all its tasty bits. I had to resist the temptation to look under it for more goodies. Then, the whole experience was elevated further when the entrees arrived. I had their 'Steak Frittes': a perfectly cooked, tender, finger-lickin' delicious steak accompanied by a tall glass full truffle-oil infused fries. We also ordered the pork tenderloin, and what a great cut of pork it was! Marinaded in something probably made from virgin's tears (or maybe more mundane ingredients in perfect balance) served with the hands-down best succotash this side of the Universe. I think someone at our table fainted from deliciousness, I am not sure, as I was too engrossed in my meal. After we returned to our table (from whichever paradise this meal had taken us to) our attentive server gave us a dessert menu. Goat Cheese-cake! I'm not sure if there's a Yelp limit on how many times you can type delicious, but I intend to reach it for this dessert. If you're ever planning to go to Orlando stop here. If you want an unforgettable ride, go here and skip the lines at the parks. Word to the wise though, make a reservation ahead of time if you actually want to go in. This restaurant is always packed and usually booked weeks, if not months in advance. If you can't handle awesomeness don't go to the Ravenous Pig.
Had a great dinner. Food by season, local and organic cooked, presented and served with enthusiasm! A pleasure, we will return.
Since we were going to Orlando for the weekend, I asked my buddy (an Orlando native) to recommend a good local restaurant. He suggested we check out the Ravenous Pig. The name alone had me sold. Since we hadn't made a reservation we had to stalk the tables by the bar, which are first come, first serve. Luckily a couple was leaving a booth just as we arrived. Everything about this place had character, from the paintings on the ceiling to the knives with the odd handles that allow the blade to remain perpendicular to the table top. For starters, we ordered the Gruyere Biscuits and the Shrimp and Grits. These were not your "southern" shrimp and grits or biscuits. They managed to put their own spin on both, providing unique flavors. For the main dish, I ordered the Prime Beef Brisket. The beef itself was nowhere close to the best brisket I've had, but a bite of the brisket combined with the pickled watermelon, croutons, heirloom tomatoes, cucumbers,onions and gorgonzola cheese was a picnic in my mouth. I had never had a combination like that before. Again, very unique flavors. For dessert I asked the server to tell me about the "pig tails." He described them as follows: a churro had sex with a bigne and then got banged by a doughnut. Needless to say, it was pretty accurate. The warm cinnamon induced fritters were shaped like pig tails and the perfect ending to our meal. Overall I really enjoyed my experience at this restaurant. Our server was friendly, honest, and knowledgeable about the menu. The food was very good. And the interior and utensils had some flare. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the Orlando area.
Absolutely the best restaurant in Orlando. So many of the restaurants here are tourist oriented and lack atmosphere. Not so the Ravenous Pig! Fine dining that is both creative, beautifully presented, and delicious. You get the feeling that everyone who works here truly cares about food. Bring your foodie friends, and don't miss the gruyere biscuits.
I've been to The Ravenous Pig a few times now and have never been disappointed.  The food is always fresh and tastes amazing.  I love that it is chef owned and operated and that they use local food sources whenever possible.  The menu changes nightly depending on what is in season and freshest that day.  The servers have been very friendly and knowledgeable.  When we ask them for recommendations you can tell they truly enjoy the entire menu as they are very passionate about each and every option. For appetizers, I've enjoyed the lobster tacos, gruyere biscuits and the house-made charcuterie and artisan cheese.  All have been delicious enough to order again.  The salads are super flavorful with fresh ingredients and light dressings.  I highly recommend the Farmer salad; the soft boiled egg adds so much flavor to it and the smoked bacon chunks are huge.  The salads are easily large enough to split between two people as a pre-dinner dish. For my main entrée, my favorite dish has been the Grilled Local Cobia.  It was served with Charlie's new potatoes, grilled artichokes, green olive tapenade and pickled gypsy peppers. The fish was very tender and I loved the artichokes. I'm not a huge fan of green olives, but the tapenade was the perfect complement to the Cobia. This is definitely a dish I would order again.  I've also tried the tortellini variation with lobster, corn, okra, etc.  This was easily one of the most delicious pasta dinners I've ever eaten! Finally, DESSERT.  You can't NOT order dessert here!  I love that every time we've gone, the dessert menu has all kinds of new treats to try.  I'm a sucker for anything chocolate so for our anniversary dinner I was immediately drawn to the chocolate raspberry tart. SO GOOD!  On another occasion I also enjoyed a white chocolate peanut butter semifreddo.  That was amazing as well.  Overall, I could easily eat at this restaurant every week!  I love the constant variety, and I know every meal will taste great.
Very imaginative menu, great ambiance, very knowledgable waiter, we came as ravenous pigs and rolled out stuffed with great memories, both food-wise and the company we had. We will be back!
One of the best lunches I've had in a long time. I had the Dip and my sister had the duck confit salad. Great service too.
Yesterday was our third visit this year. The food is consistently well prepared; service varies from expert to somewhat flakey; the room is understated but relaxing and soothing. We've had a hard time getting reservations but yesterday got in no trouble with an Open Table slot grabbed just two hours before lunch. We did the Zellwood corn chowder, deviled eggs and mahi-mahi sandwiches. All were quite good (the truffle-flavored shoe strings are my diet killer), although the deviled eggs were not enough like Mom's for my Midwestern traditionalist signif other. The roasted tomatoes on the sandwiches were awesome. One of our favorite restaurants.
I know that everyone loves this place but the food, at least for lunch, was not amazing. I had the pork sandwich with the fries. It was tasteful, it was great, but nothing out of the ordinary. My other coworker were very unhappy with their meals. One had the battered chicken shandwhich and the fish sandwhich, both were ridiculously small to the point where the bread was twice as big as the protein. It was also a bit expensive ($21 sandwhich + drink + tip) but you kind of know that this place would be expensive no matter what. The service was also not the greatest. We were a party 8 and you would hope you get good service since we are a large party. But we just got basic service, maybe it was because the 20% tip was already included in our bill. I will probably give it another shot for dinner, but not for lunch.
We've stayed a week in Orlando and we were disappointed with all the chain restaurants catering to the tourists until we learned about this restaurant. It's a blessing when we get to taste some amazingly fresh food just before we fly back to Los Angeles this afternoon. The service is great and even more amazing is the food. We ate the charcuterie and pork terrine and though were not big meat eaters we loved the freshness of the food. The panzanella salad is one of the best we ever had. Definitely a place to return to when we are in the area. Thanks Chelsea for suggesting this place.
Visiting Orlando for the weekend. Found a recommendation and was very satisfied. The service was wonderful, food outstanding and creative, the wine/drinks, superb. The shrimp and grits starter was a lovely way to start the night along with the Gruyere biscuits. My spring carbonara rocked, particularly in ramp season. My friend's grouper looked fabulous and he was quite pleased. The third guest ordered a salad and claimed it was the best she ever had. Quite a feat. Dessert was worth getting. Not quite the same level but still quite good. If I ever visit the area again, ill certainly be back. Be sure to make a reservation if possible.
My go to restaurant when I want a real treat. Amazing food and wine. Small and busy but so fun. I truly love this place. Great date night too!!
An upscale restaurant in Orlando that doesn't disappoint! The Ravenous Pig being a "gastropub," it is split into two sections: a more formal dining room, and the pub which features bar seating and a couple booths. The pub menu features less expensive entrees, but anything is available. We tried the quail with homemade sausages, which was absolutely delicious and properly portioned (i.e. small, but flavorful enough to be just right). The pub burger was quite good, topped with buttermilk bleu cheese (a bit overpowering) and some grilled tomatoes and such. Our bill came to about $30 each for a couple beers, split appetizer and burgers. The selection at the bar is impressive, with some very good American and import beers as well as a decent collection of whisk(e)y. I have to mention that the service we received at the bar was BY FAR the best I have received in Orlando: the bartender was attentive, provided us with silverware and (cloth) napkins as needed, and generally made me feel very good about paying a bit more for a quality experience. The mandatory valet parking behind the building seemed a bit much for Winter Park, but what the heck. Overall, a great experience.
Solid 4.5, .5 stars off for the poor dessert Late review- We came to The  Ravenous Pig on our visit to Orlando this spring with our 2 kids (7 & 3.5) and had an excellent meal.  The staff was friendly and welcoming even with our 2 kids. While it's not "kid friendly" I wouldn't say that it's so formal that I wouldn't bring my kids for a nice meal. We started with the lobster tacos which were really good.  Nice, crispy pieces of lobster wrapped in tortilla with slaw that provided moisture and tang.  My 7 yr old at first refused to order the lobster tacos for dinner but one bite and he wished he had, too bad, he only got 1 taco.  We also shared the farmer's salad which was fresh with lots of smoked bacon and egg.  We also ordered the gruyere biscuits which buttery, warm, cheesey and just melted in your mouth.  Everybody loved them so much that we had to order an extra plate. My husband had a fish special which if I remember correctly at the time was wrapped in chorizo.  It was tasty and fresh served with a bean puree.  I had the steak frites which as perfect. I didn't care too much for the sauce served on the side, but the steak was cooked perfectly medium rare. The truffle fries were the best.  Light and crispy, thin with a really nice truffle essence.  I did Not want to share!  We worked with the staff to make the kids a pasta with cheese. I expected a plain (dry) pasta with some grated parm on top but this was housemade pasta with a cheesey sauce.  It was really good and the kids enjoyed it. The one downside to the meal was dessert.  We ordered the pigtails and were disappointed.  They're like churros, fried dough, but not as good as the best churros I've had. It had some sauces on the side but the pigtails themselves lacked flavor and oomph. I would definitely not recommend the pigtails and try something else instead. Service was great. The place got full but servers were attentive and friendly. Overall, we had a really great meal- nice, fresh food, tasty and prepared well. My 7 yr old asked if we could come back the next day. Go again? Definitely when we're in Orlando again, I would make reservations way in advance to go to The Ravenous Pig again.
Like many of the other Yelpers, I found this place via a combination of recommendations and by reading highly reviewed places on the Yelp website. The occasion was my wife's birthday and we ate at TRP on 1/19/2012. First impressions of the place were great. The decor and ambiance of the place gives it a very trendy vibe. The weather was nice so all of the outside tables were full. This was a Thursday night and the restaurant was packed. We had reservations and still had to wait thirty minutes beyond that to be seated. Not a huge deal for us as we found a spot near the entrance that had a ledge to set drinks on. We got a round from the bar and people watched. I can see why a place like this would run a wait even with reservations. The feel is very cozy and it isn't the kind of place you'd want to rush out of - so we weren't too upset about having to hold out for half an hour. On our way to our table we noticed more of the furniture, art, and rustic but modern blend that TRP features. We were shown to our table by our server who apologized about our wait several times. She was very pleasant and knowledgeable about their menus (both food and wine). Once she learned that it was our group's first time, she told us the background story and a little about the way the restaurant operates. It was great and provided a good backdrop as to what was going on in the kitchen. We went with the appetizers she selected, notably the Gruyere biscuits and their meat/cheese plate (they call it something fancy but I can't remember). Both were excellent. The biscuits stood out and we wish they served more than three. Definitely worth getting if/when you go. The meat/cheese plate was heavy on the meats (5 or 6 types) but light on the cheese with only two varieties. Still in the realm of sharable appetizers these both were great choices. Taste and presentation were impressive for each. Main courses included shrimp tacos, steak frites, and a salad with olives and some other stuff I couldn't recognize. Of all the items, it appears the salad was the least enjoyed. My steak was mouthwatering good. Cooked a perfect medium and it came with a 16oz pint glass of super thin french fries. It was the perfect combo. The shrimp tacos were unbelievable. It was a toss up between those and my steak for my personal favorite. Service was excellent throughout. Our waitress was attentive and prompt. The whole dining experience was great and we will return. For us this is one of those "cool places" we can bring visitors or folks who don't go to new places a lot. It is set in a beautiful part of Winter Park with big trees lining the streets. It isn't hard to become a fan of TRP. My only advice is to make a reservation well in advance and be patient. It isn't a very big place so it fills up fast. Enjoy!
More Orlando restaurants should be watching Ravenous Pig. Many locally and/or responsibly sourced menu items, only seasonally fresh vegetables are served, and a cocktail menu to die for! Housemade sours make the difference. The staff is always friendly and knowledgable about the menu and offer great insights to the latest and greatest menu additions (often changing daily). While it's difficult to get a last minute reservation (and often impossible), I'm happy Ravenous has stayed small and consistent. If you don't mind a bit of a wait time, you can always stand at the bar and wait for a bar table (full menu served!) or dining room table to open up. I recommend sitting at the chef's table at least once to get a peek into the fast and furious kitchen. I am eager for the owners' upcoming bar/pub to open up down the street!
I have had the pleasure of dinning(lunch and dinner) at the "Pig" eight times through the past years. I find each and every time I go to be a wonderful experience with a discovery of new dishes with interesting combinations of ingredients to try. The front of house staff has always been helpful and well informed of what the kitchen and bar are producing. The lunch and dinner menu is an eclectic blend of old stand by's and new seasonal delights. Some of the toppers for me are the Mussels, Lamb burger, Wagyu ribeye, any of the house made pasta's and the house made charcuterie plate. James, Julie, and the kitchen staff set a precedent (which we so desperately needed) in 2007 when they opened that I think made many restaurants step up their game in Orlando.
Sat at the bar because we did not have reservations.  The bartender was fantastic.  We had the shrimp & grits and flatiron steak.  Could not be better.  Excellent all around, we will be back.
Love this place, biscuits are good.  Not sure why the glass of wine prices are not printed, save me the math! Truffle fries great but are sweated out from the pint glass presentation.   Loved the chicken and steake tartare. Getting a reservation is not easy but it's worth the effort.
Excellent all around
Had the blue cheese burger, it was quite good, I loved the bun they put it on, soft and a little sweet. The fries were just like at steak and shake but they tasted better. They only give you ketchup in little bowls that was a little annoying. The rolls ($2) called Bad Ends were super tasty though I wanted a little more butter. Service and atmosphere was great.
The food is amazing! Wifey and I went for lunch and it was our first time so a bit awkward. We drove from Kissimmee so it was a long drive. When we got there we had to valet park which is always awkward cuz i drive a POS. Wifey and I had dressed casual. I pictured a completely different place. I didnt realize it was fancy like this. @tarajroth and I were in gym shoes and t-shirts while all the lunch crowd was in suits and ties. We were seated in a good area. Thought for sure we would be seated in the back cuz of the way we were dressed. Our server helped us out immediately. I ordered the Gruyere Biscuits. I had heard so much about them so i had to order them. We were actually feeling very hungry or should i say ravenous and went straight for the meal.  I had the Pub Burger and @tarajroth had the Steak Frites. Holy Mother of Ravenous Pigs!! These dishes were amazing, FIrst of all the look and feel of this place is great and the presentation of the food is remarkable.The truffle fries were amazing! We were so glad that we didnt have any starters cuz we were able to eat every bite of our lunch. We will be back and will be bringing family with us!
Everything I've had has been delicious.  I especially love the truffle fries.  Menu changes regularly so you can try new things.
Love the pig! My husband and I always make a trip when we are in town, and usually try to take some friends along with us because it's a great place to spend time with a small group. The menu changes constantly, but they have a few staples and the food is always good (I don't think I've ever had anything I didn't like). They also have excellent drink/beer choices, which are also changing constantly. The service is always great, although sometimes it can be a little slow, but this is mainly because they are often times packed and the food is super fresh. The parking can be difficult, although they do have valet. Otherwise you'll be parking in the street which is not bad at all and it's free. I recommend either making reservations or getting there early. Love The Pig!
Back to the Pig for a second sniff at the trough. I wallowed around a bit on Yelp for some suggestions before I went and thanks you guys did good! I ordered the pork chop, 20 ounces of fabulous smoked pork, juicy and cooked pink and perfect oink, oink. I took the remander home and had 2 more meals!  Along side I received tiny Brussel sprouts with walnuts and bacon, oh yeah.  My husband opted for the Smoked Sturgeon.  What a lovely piece of fish, reminiscent of Sea Bass with a perfect smoke and served on a hash of potatoes and onions, so good.  My daughter got the steak and truffled frite.  A classic and great. The desserts were up to par starting with a trio of ice creams, ginger, sassafras and vanilla.  Next came the wonderful apple dumpling with cinnamon ice cream.  The pastry was crisp, the apple cooked and the ice cream flavorful.  All together a deconstructed apple pie.  The pig tails mentioned earlier are not to be missed. Great bar, great music, great service makes for a wonderful special evening.
Five stars are not something easily earned, but this place deserves each and every one of them.  My first experience here was a simple burger and fries and to this day is still the best burger and fries I've ever had.  They even make their own pickles, grow some of their ingredients and change the menu regularly to keep things fresh with the times.  The wait staff is professional and seem passionate and enthusiastic about what they do and the atmosphere is intimate enough for a date night but casual enough to go after a day of running errands.  The prices are a tad on the high side, but in this case, worth every penny.
I've been to the Ravenous Pig on three separate occasions and each time was nothing less than stunning.  The menu changes monthly, though a few of the best items tend stick around. The pub burger, with caramelized onions and truffled fries is great anytime, lunch or dinner, but if you're looking for the best experience, I would suggest dining in a group and ordering a few appetizers - the lobster tacos and artisan meat & cheese board are my favorites - and a few of the hearty seasonal entrees, followed of course, by a dessert or two. Be prepared to share. While most restaurants tend to serve portions that either too small or absurdly large, The Pig tends to provide just the right size but everything looks and smells so fantastic you'll want a taste of everything that lands on the table.
Never had chicken and waffles, blew my mind. Local food, beer, aaaaaaamazing.
My wife and I ate here for our 7 year anniversary dinner and it was outstanding. Make sure you reserve a table well in advance. All the prime dinner times were booked a week in advance. It is a seasonal menu but I had the 20oz Pork porterhouse. It was amazing and the flavor was out of this world. My wife loved her filet mignon. I highly recommend this gastropub and I am definitely going back. You won't be disappointed!!!
The roasts are my favorite. I have never been disappointed. It is always filling and so good. I have never had a burger in Orlando that satisfies me better. Their drinks are also a lot of fun and very tasty. They may get a bit pricey, but for dependably delicious food I've always felt like I'm getting my money's worth. Their bathroom situation kinda stinks as I find myself waiting in a line a lot.
I love this place.  I am always on the lookout for new, innovative cuisine and this is the place.  How many restaurants serve marinated okra?  That is innovative. We enjoyed the shellfish sampler and the lobster tacos appetizer. The tortellini entree, the shrimp and grits, as well as the chicken and dumplings were all outstanding.  The wine-by-the-glass selection is incredible.  The menu changes monthly and I can not wait to go back.
all the reviews are true. great food, simple but delicious menu, prompt, polite and knowledgeable staff, even the hostess was knowledgeable about the menu. it was a little weird that the menu had so few pork options. on the other hand, i'm not sure how anyone could call that terrine flavorless. great restaurant and would definitely recommend.
Solid fare- top notch perhaps for orlando.  Some pretty poorly wrought dishes, with some good ones.   Nothing brilliant or poor either. Very friendly staff, attentive and helpful. Given the national attention gets a three, Orlando only would be 4 or 5 stars.
Went here with the bf. The food was good. We had a salad and it was great and decent size. We had shrimp and grits as well and were hoping to share it. It was very good, but a very small portion. It was listed as one of their entrees, but definitely seemed more like an appetizer. What's interesting is that I've seen many people refer to the shrimp and grits as a starter. I should have had a burger, they looked big. Overall, the food was good, but I really disliked the size portion. Their truffle fries looked good too, but I don't think I'll be going back.
Totally lives up to its reputation! I wish they would either ship me the Gruyere Biscuits by the dozen or sell me the recipe because they are the stuff that dreams are made of. BF started with the Snails & Bone Marrow. He liked the marrow a lot. I started with the Gatherer, which was fresh and large for an app portion. He got the duck as his main. This was absolutely the best non-Asian duck preparation I've ever tried. If you like a duck that's been to Peking, I strongly urge you to see what they're like by way of Berlin. I had the Milk-Braised Pork which was good, but the polenta was the real star of that show. In terms of service: everyone is lovely. My one note is that our waiters, Jason and Chad, have this interesting (but entertaining) sibling rivalry like you haven't seen since Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. We had a lot of fun and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend TRP to any New York foodie.
If you're wanting to someplace that will blow the lid off your average Friday night, look no further than the Ravenous Pig. This gastro-pub takes signature dishes and revolutionizes them, waltzing over your taste buds and and offering a unique experience overall. The first thing you'll notice, if you drink, is their exceptional cocktails menu. Having grown up in Wisconsin, and seeing the typical brandy old-fashioned, I was more than amused, and enthused to see that they offered a bacon infused bourbon old fashioned. Needless to say it was delicious, and the candied bacon strip that acted as the drinks sole garnish was the perfect kicker. From there me and the party I was with tried two starters, the pretzel (a standard soft pretzel with an exceptional mustard) and a pork dish which I believe has been discontinued (delicious as well). As an entree I decided on the Pork Porterhouse which was served with a compressed melon gastrique; the Porterhouse was phenomenally cooked, and impressive in size and flavor. The compressed melon garnish offered a refreshingly contradictory flavor so as to create a clashing crescendo of flavor when eaten with the porterhouse. We finished with dessert, as is customary, and I elected to try the deconstructed banana cream pie. If you're a fan of banana based desserts, or the fruit themselves, this will forever change how you look at dessert. Par-none the best dessert i've ever had, and left me amazed to this date. The service was exemplary, the food fantastic, and the overall experience memorable and unique. A place i'd love to go to again, and would recommend to everyone.
I wish this piggy could follow me home. We were lurking around on Open Table trying to find somewhere to stop for lunch and were attracted to this place. When my SO started reading the menu there was no turning back, he was hooked. We shared an order of the housemade pretzels & mustard for an app. My lunch date ordered the a Smoked Porter from Colorado while I stuck to water. The mustard was to die for; so fresh and grainy. We had to ask about it and learned that they actually make their own mustard as well. For his main, my SO had the pulled pork sandwich and fries. I ordered the PEI mussels and a side of fries. My mussels were some of the fattest, most tender and flavorful mussels I have ever encountered. I didn't expect to walk away as full as I did. My SO enjoyed his sandwich. The fries were the skinny variety; his got a little cold since they were laying on an open plate. My stayed warmer a little longer since they were served in a bar glass. The garlic aioli was the perfect end to the delicious pit stop. I'd give them five stars, but my SO's request for aioli never showed and I refused to share mine.
I'd actually give this place 3.5 if I could (Yelp, offer us some half-stars, please!).  But I'll round up to 4.  Great food and lovely service, but pretty overrated and VERY overpriced.  This is not the best food in Orlando, by any stretch. But it is pretty damn good:) My meal peaked during the appetizer course. Jason and I shared a charcuterie plate that was FANTASTIC. The chicken liver mousse was incredible, though Jason thought it was too strong and bordering on rancid (in other words, not for all palettes:)). I love the fact that all their sausages and meaty wonders are made from scratch, and they are well paired with some great stinky cheese.  Grilled bread and fresh pickles round out an exquisite eating experience. I plan to get this as an entree next time and have a true 5-star meal. And also, I'll get some of those delicious gruyere biscuits (yum). Now, on to the hit-and-miss main courses.  I had a steak, which was perfectly prepared--but it was pretty small and not over-the-top delicious.  It came with a root vegetable mash that was the best thing on the plate. Jason had the enormous, slightly unfortunate Pork Porterhouse.  Yes, I know it's sacrilegious to diss one of the PIg's most beloved entrees, but it didn't quite work.  In its defense, it's an ENORMOUS slab of pork, and it is cooked to absolutely perfection.  The texture of this meat--and the care and technique that went into it--should not be overlooked. However, the smokey flavor was so overpowering, it made the dish taste like really high end deli meat.  Seriously, the flavor reminded me of smoked turkey you buy in a plastic box at Publix.  What a shame!  Had they limited the smokiness and focused on the flavor of the meat itself, this would have probably been one of the best pork dishes I've ever tasted.  It was served with an adventurous-sounding gratin of turnip greens, dusted with a green-tea powder.  Interesting, definitely...but not something I really wanted to keep eating.  Their beer selection is great, but the cocktail I ordered was overpriced and didn't live up to its namesake name.  When I read the words "bacon-infused bourbon," I expect an actual bacon-y taste from the PIg's signature cocktail.  Sadly, it just tasted like regular old hooch.  I will say, however, that it WAS a strong concoction and definitely did the job.  We will absolutely go back, but will probably order off the less-expensive pub menu. It's just not worth it to pay $30 or more for food that doesn't wow me.  Don't get me wrong. It's a great place.  Just don't expect Top-Chef mind-blowing, and look for a way to save money while there...going all out (this was our who-cares-about-a-budget Valentine's meal) might lead to disappointment.  I'm dying to try their sister restaurant, Cask and Larder. Will report back on that!
I've only been here once, but my meal was excellent. I would come back again and again for the gruyere biscuits. Heaven  in my mouth! :) I seriously daydream about them at work sometimes. And then i go eat my crappy salad. Also, their truffle fries are amazing, but they can be super salty so beware. I can't wait to go back!
In Orlando visiting Disney world and we decided to try and find some real food in the area.  We came across this place and gave it a try.  What a great choice!  This is an Excellent restaurant with amazing food.  The cocktails are also out of this world.  It's now on my top 10 restaurants of all time.
My boss brought me here for lunch, and since there was no Parking he had to do the whole Valet thing. We waited about ten minutes to be seated in a booth next to the bar, and the waiter was very informed with what was on the menu and even went into detail explaining how the restaurant got it's local produce. It really set the mood for the meal, and it was hard to choose but I finally went with the oyster and shrimp po boy and of course I couldn't pass up on the truffle fries. I understand that the menu changes so don't be disappointed if you don't see this listed as an option. The bread was perfect and the oysters & shrimp were fried to perfection. I forget what was in the sauce, it was an aioli of sorts, but that too was extremely delicious and truly put the po'boy they serve over at Tibby's to shame. The truffle fries were... well; I'll be honest and say that after reading all the hype about these supposed amazingly delicious fries; I don't see what the fuss is about. They were too salty for my taste and I honestly was regretting not having gotten the local grown house side salad instead. My coworker got the grass fed burger and she said it was probably one of the best burger's she's had, and unlike me; she thought the truffle fries were a huge hit, so I guess it varies from person to person. My boss got an assortment of house made sausages and the garden salad as his side; he was very impressed. Overall it's a good place.
I love it when a reputation is backed up by an amazing culinary experience. The Ravenous Pig in Winter Park does not disappoint. It was not the first time and definitely not the last. The meal was top notch and the seats at the chef's counter were lively and entertaining. There was only one way to end the evening; dessert. After some debate over the whoopie pies and the seasonal tart, I went with the custard. Described as vanilla bean crème caramel, stone fruit compote, and Florida honey tuile , this was music in my mouth. Perfection, really. To my eye at first, I though, oh a flan. But was I wrong. It was the perfect creamy custard as a slight chill.  It was a melt in your mouth type of a thing and I could not get enough. The stix on top added to the lovely presentation and unfortunately for me, I had to share. The honey caramel was also not overly sweet and all the ingredients just added to each other.  Damn good Petrakises, damn good.
I ate here for the first time and was not disappointed. Although the prices are high, the quality is superb. I highly recommend the pork porterhouse.
I was in Orlando for my vacation and one of the guys I work with raved about this place. So we made a special trip to make it happen. I work in a 5 star resturant, my job and the job of any cook is to feed people not your egos!! One of the guests that was with me is lactos intollerent. No its not an allergy that is life or death but it is one that causes sever discomfort. The server could not tell us what did or did not have dairy in it and when he went to see if she could be accomidated he returned to tell us no the chef wouldn't do it and she could just order a burger. I'm sorry that is unacceptable!! Period. I understand that its says exceptions will not be made but this was not someone being a picky eater. This was an allergy and I will never go again if and when I'm in Orlando and will be sure to let those I know the horrible service we recieved from both the front of the house and back.
The Ravenous Pig is simply put one of the finest restaurants in Orlando, and one of best experiences I have had in Orlando. From the great design and ambiance, to the Beer list, this is an awesome place to dine! To start, the selection of beers are among the best I have seen. If your looking for Bud Light, this is not your place. In fact if macro-breweries are your thing than you, nothing on this menu will look familiar too you. The Pig only has complex, delicious micro-brews. My favorite was the white-ale which was flavored with citrus and coriander. Amazing! I began my meal with the Gruyere biscuits and the Shrimp and Grits. The biscuits themselves are little creatures of wonder. They are so cheesy and you can literally peel them apart by layer. The shrimp and grits dish, one of their signatures, is drizzled with chorizo oil. The grits have an nice smokey corn flavor that pairs really well with the chorizo oil. For my main course I had the house-made tagliatelle with New Smyrna Beach little neck clams and house-made sausage in a white-wine lemon garlic sauce. The pasta was great, really reminds you how much different homemade can taste. Same thing goes for the sausage. Just really well made and seasoned (fennel).   So looking forward to my next visit to the Pig! Word of the wise this place is consistently packed so get reservations or come at an off hour as there is limited seating in the pub area.
The atmosphere of the Ravenous Pig is reminiscent of a 1920s steakhouse.  The ceilings were copper with a "retro-modern" feel to it.  The incandescent light bulbs were transparent only showing the straight lines of the lighting.  There were opaque partitions seperating dining rooms.  It's certainly a unique restaurant, calling itself a "gastropub."  The server explained to us that the menu changes everyday and that all ingredients are fresh and high quality.  When I saw the bleu cheese burger being delivered to a nearby table, I became a believer that the food was quality.  For appetizer, we had the pretzels which were absolutely delicious.  They were soft, hot, and salty and came with fondue cheese sauce and some of the best ground mustard ever.  The epsoisse pasta was interesting.  I didn't necessarily love it, but I could tell the ingredients were quality.  The tortellini was filled with this creamy and pungeant cheese that oozed out when you bit into it.  It sat in a pool of vinegar with collard greens and was topped with ham.  For the price, the amount wasn't enough.  I was still hungry after.  4 tortellinis were considered the "half portion" and was $9.  I wouldn't call it overpriced because the quality of the food is obviously good and for a high class pallet.  Just, generally not worth it for me since I'm a big eater.  I would like to come back to try the bleu cheese burger though.  Since they change the menu everyday, going there will be a surprise.  One thing I can promise you though is that you will get great service and quality food in a unique atmosphere.  Other than the portions, I didn't like that they charged for rolls.  I feel that any restaurant should give you complimentary rolls to snack on while waiting for your meal.  To end on a positive note, the chef was kind enough to offer us complimentary toffee at the end of our meal.  It was surprisingly delicious.  I don't even like toffee but this toffee was awesome.  Thanks, chef!
This is by far the best restaurant I've ever been to in Orlando.  I was blown away.  It would not be out of place in a way foodier city, like SF or NYC.  I was super impressed by absolutely everything.  The valet was great -- he met me at my car and escorted me to the door with an umbrella.  The maitre d' was pleasant and seated me immediately (I had a reservation, which I highly recommend -- it's easy! They're on opentable!).  My server was charming, informative, and didn't rush me at all, which I super appreciated, since I was in town on business and had no where I needed to be except a boring hotel room.   I ate: the gruyere biscuits, an **amazing** burrata and fig salad -- I practically inhaled it, it was outstanding -- , and the fish fry, which was not so much my thing, because I thought it was going to be pan fried fish, not breaded and fried fish, but for what it was, it was great.   I also tried two small glasses of the Florida beers, and they were excellent. For dessert, I had a decaf coffee, which they hand pressed and was delicious, and then when I got the check I was given a tiny and delicious brownie.   Eating here was an amazing treat, and truly, above and beyond what I've come to expect of even the really high end of Orlando cuisine.  Loved it.  Would live in their dining room if they'd let me.
Probably my favorite restaurant of all. Great food and nice atmosphere. Call ahead for a table. Their steak frites is the best. Their specials are always good. I have been there a dozen times and have always left happy (and stuffed).
.......I mean, look, it's really fudgin' good: the food is delicious, service is great, and the signature cocktails are beautiful. If you're reading around being like, "oh, I don't know... should I go?". Go! Try a Franco 75.... or three.
I'm a foodie and this place really exceeded all my expectations!  House made sausage was delicious.  Food was as good as any top restaurant in New York. Wine list was reasonable with many gems from small vineyards.  I wish I could go again tomorrow!
I went here this past weekend for their roast (first Saturday of every month). The food was wonderful.  The atmosphere was great.  Beers and cocktails were yummy!  The menu was interesting.... BUT - the portion was small.  It was a ham roast with mashed sweet potatoes, turnips and brussel sprouts.  The meal had about a 1/4 cup of sweet mashed potatoes and 2 1/2 brussel sprouts.  I was there with 8 people and I don't think anyone left satisfied. I'll give it another try - but it was not a good first impression.
A fabulous experience. We went here for the first time for a New Year's Eve dinner after having read the many positive reviews. We took the Tasting Menu and enjoyed some very glorious food and a warm and "buzzy" atmosphere. The smoked trout terinne with roe was simply delightful. This was followed by the Squab which all 3 of us enjoyed. I especially loved the Striped Bass and the Venison with pine ash gnudi which was delightful. The service initially was a bit hurried but then the waiter found his pace with us and overall made it a delightful experience and a night to be remembered. We certainly will be back.
Visited the Pig for New Year's Eve dinner.  It was a prix fixe menu.  The wait staff was very attentive.  Our courses were well timed out and well appointed.  One of the standout dishes was the chestnut tortellini soup.  I had the lamb and she had the turbot.  The chef's creations were very unique and fresh. On non-holidays, The Pig has a regular menu (seasonal creations) with the same attention to detail with very fresh, locally grown ingredients. The free valet parking is nice to have in the parking spot challenged Winter Park.
This was my third time visiting The Ravenous Pig. I was so excited to bring my husband and two of my teenage children to meet up with some college friends. There was some confusion with the reservation. When they called to confirm they had changed the reservation from a party of 6 at 9:00pm to a party of 2 at 9:00pm. After some negotiation the reservation was changed to a party of 6 at 6:30. The food was wonderful as always. The $700.00 bill was not. Long story short, I should have asked more questions and not been intimidated by our bully of a waiter. Wine recommendations were only from the reserve list. I didn't even realize there were less expensive choices. Appetizers as main courses were highly discouraged- he said it wouldnt be enough and that he would order us two of the same to "make sure we had enough" and his overall tone was that we were annoying him. Of course as he put the check down he mentioned that his gratuity was already included since we were a party of six- which I should have noticed in the first place. I had great service the other two times I was there but the whole evening left a bad taste in my mouth.
Showed up 10 minutes early for an 8:15p reservation and after watching many people leave, 35 minutes later I was seated. They ran out of silverware so we were waiting for the dishes to be cleaned.   Our server was excellent and knew exactly when to stop by. We enjoyed the gruyere biscuits and the bottle of wine. I had the Pork Porterhouse and it was delicious and perfectly cooked, however the swiss chard was unpleasantly salty. Fresh and quality ingredients, but not seasoned well. The other dish was the Confit Duck Ravioli. I thought that was gross, but my date enjoyed it (maybe she was being polite), but she said it had a weird taste at first and you had to get the right blend of ingredients to enjoy it.   Pros: Fresh quality food. Good wait staff. Cons: Slightly pretentious cooking style. Conclusion: I would probably need to try more dishes, but based on price and my 1st experience I would not come back. They're obviously doing something right, because the place was packed, but they should let the ingredients do the work and calm down on the exotic seasoning.
I had my first RP meal this week. I really, really wanted to LOVE this place. And the first impression was so exciting-- this dining room would look perfectly at home in Manhattan. Casual chic. The service was excellent. We brought our own wine and they opened it for us immediately. Very helpful with menu suggestions. But I regret to report that the food was disappointing. I had the short ribs with pickled vegetables and a very tart-tasting polenta. Everything was overspiced. Either too tangy or too salty.  The sides and the meat were Ok separately but just didn't work together. My husband had the porterhouse pork and it was way too salty. My son had the steak frites. Steak was good but not great. Kind of tough.  We weren't expecting a filet , but still.  Fries, on the other hand, were excellent.   We had the lobster tacos as an appetizer and I hated the breading on the lobster. Very bland tasting and reminded me of the breading used at cheap Chinese restaurants. As I mentioned before, the only item that was excellent were the French fries. Next time I go -- and I won't be rushing to get there -- it will be the burger and fries.  Or the steak and fries.
I have been to the pig several times but have finally got around to reviewing after my most recent trip. This was the first place I i took my girlfriend, so it was only fitting that we go for our 1 year anniversary. The atmosphere is always wonderful. The people are always happy to be there, customers and employees alike. They really do anything to make your experience perfect. Lets start with the drinks. Their extensive cocktail list is first rate, serving some of the finest spirits around in interesting combinations. Let me advise you though, they pour drinks like they are meant to be: STRONG. Their bar manager Larry always comes up with the most creative cocktails that showcase some of the finest liquors that you have probably never heard of. Their signature drink has to be the Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned, which features the bacon infused Buffalo Trace and garnished with a candied bacon swizzle stick. Genius. Appetizers / small plates - There is no reason to ever NOT get the fresh Cheese and Charcuterie plate. This has a little bit of everything, and really demonstrates the skill and craftsmanship that goes into the food here. Their constantly changing cheeses to smoked and cured meats make for a great starter. This is not to say their other plates should be missed, far from it. Their staples (The Tacos and Shrimp and Grits) are there for a reason, because they are that damn good. Entree - There are two entrees that stay constant (The Pub Burger and Steak Frites) while the others rotate and change depending on the season and availability of certain proteins. I have tried everything from their hand made pastas and locally caught fish, all the way to my favorite item The Pork Porterhouse. You really can't go wrong with anything here, as the flavors are all well developed and bring something to any pallet. I come here for the food, the atmosphere, and the drinks. These are what make up a successful restaurant, and the Pig has nailed this formula with ease. I advise anyone who has lived in Orlando or is just visiting, to give this place a try, as you will not go hungry.
Went to dinner on Tuesday this week with the wife and 2 adult sons.  This was our second visit.  We had the charcuterie and ceviche for appetizers. The charcuterie was a great choice for 4.  Lots of cured meats, a couple of cheese items and some slices of bread and pickled veggies.  Everyone loved this one. The ceviche serving was small and expensive at $15 and  unremarkable.  I've had better elsewhere.  The salad was great with an excellent herb vinaigrette.  One of my sons thought it was the best dinner salad he had ever had.  It was one of the best for me. For entrees, everyone loved what they ordered.  Between us we had the lobster and short rib--very flavorful, but a small serving size with an interesting foamed sauce that tasted like a sherry based lobster bisque; the 16oz pork porterhouse--a gigantic piece of broiled pork chop that seem marinated and was very tasty; flounder with crab meat--very-very good; and finally duck which also was outstanding.  We skipped dessert as between the shared appetizers, salad and entrees, we were all very full.  We also skipped the alcohol this time for personal reasons. On another occasion  we had drinks and wine. They have an inventive list of drinks and a good wine list.  Parking for the valet was very quick.  Staff at all levels is friendly. Service was perfect.  Timely, but never rushed.   Every table was taken by 8pm.  For an Orlando restaurant not catering to tourists to be full on Tuesday night in August is a great sign of the popularity of the restaurant.   Our cost for 3 courses for 4 without alcohol was about $200, plus tip. The price can climb rapidly if you go whole hog at the Ravenous Pig. But there is pub fare for a lot less, if the entree prices seem too high.  I live in the DC area and up there, these prices are moderate.     I try to avoid chains and prefer locally owned restaurants. The RP is the best restaurant in Orlando and a real gem.
Absolutely incredible. Sincerely the best meal and dining experience I have ever had. I've had occasion to enjoy both the regular dining and bar areas. The cocktails are some of the best I've had. As a big gin fan, I could not be happier with their not only the inventiveness and deliciousness of their gin drinks, but also in the apparent lack of crappy gins. Each drink I've ordered here has been very well balanced and has delivered more than expected of even the best of its respective class. The food is unbelievable. Only here have I ever experienced a real emotional reaction to anything served to me. I can't even... The ambiance of the place and the cordial, knowledgeable servers and bartenders add so much to the experience of eating here. If I could afford it, I would take all of my meals here. That being said, its well worth the price.
Do yourself a favor and get off the resorts in and around Orlando and drive into the Metro-area for great food.  The Ravenous Pig was unbelievable!  Our waitress was friendly, knowledgeable and patient as our party of three dined.  Along with an extensive wine list there was a great choice of craft beers on tap.  For dinner, I had the Snapper Ceviche on a bed of marbled avacado which was prepared to perfection with impressive presentation.  The dessert: fresh bing cherry cobbler with almond milk ice cream.  Yes, it is as good as it sounds.  My dinner mates raved about their meals in a similar fashion.  If you are with your kids, ask for the Pig Tails for dessert!  Atmosphere and food make this a must stop for visitors to Orlando.
We went to The Pig last night for a bit of a celebratory dinner.  My bf says this is his favorite restaurant in Orlando, and he's been wanting to take me there for a long time.   I've had a major craving for soft pretzels lately (pregnancy craving), and I cannot get enough of them.  We ordered this as our app.  I couldn't decide if I liked the whole grain mustard or the cheese fondue better, so I kept alternating.  Later that night at home I was fantasizing about that cheese and what else I could slather it on.  Shoot, now I'm doing it again. I ordered the Pork Platter while he got the Ricotta Cavatelli with Goat.  He devoured his pasta, said it was very tasty with a good amount of heat to the dish.  He also said the size (smaller portion) was perfect.  I was so excited about this Pork Platter.  It was divine.  The pork belly was so tender i could have used my butter knife to cut right through it.  And the puree was so tasty I was eating it on its own.  The kielbasa was smoky and juicy.  The mostarda underneath was sweet and yummy.  The cut of pork was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The candied brussel sprouts were sweet and buttery.  The only thing neither of us cared for was the radicchio slaw.  It was super bitter and tasted burnt.  I'm really wondering if this just snuck past the chef and wasn't supposed to taste this way.  It really left a bad taste in my mouth, literally. But I was able to overlook this and really enjoy the meal.  I think I made my unborn child a pork fan with that meal!  Kudos, Ravenous Pig.  I will be back!
Delicious food! Friendly and speedy service! The bacon infused old fashion is amazing and a must a try. Reservations aren't that easy to get so plan ahead.
Is a very upper class place to eat. My wife and I went once. They treated us with great respect as we waited they gave us complimentary deviled eggs which were amazing. The food is fancy as well as delicious. We plan to go again.
What a gem!  I didn't expect to find such a lovely place in Orlando (sorry, but I've had woefully sad food experiences in the past here).  The potato gnocchi with scallops and mushrooms is absolutely wonderful...full of flavor...perhaps the best gnocchi I've ever had (it bumped what would have otherwise been a 3 star rating to a 4).  My friends and I ordered another plate for the table to share.  We also ordered a few appetizers.  The red snapper ceviche was just ok, but the canaveral squid was quite tasty.  I also had the short ribs, which were a tad salty, but my friend, who also ordered them, thought they were delicious.
One of the best restaurants in Orlando that I go to for a dressed up burger and fries.  Their menu is changes their burgers seem to be a constant.  I don't drink but heard they offer a good selection.  We usually eat at the bar, but have eaten at the tables as well.  Both are great, but I prefer the former and talking with their head bartender who's name I've forgotten.  And I hate talking to people.   Wish I were still in Orlando to enjoy this spot.  Haven't gone anywhere here in L.A. that compares to it yet.
I went there for a lunch with my wife on Friday.  It was very contemporary atmosphere but comfortable.  The server we had was very knowledgeable and recommended us good food and drink.  I had a burger (with some fancy name) and my wife had a mahi sandwich.  We both had salad on the side.  They were very delicious.  My burger was cooked just right (medium) and the drinks were also great.  Bit expensive for lunch. (~$60 for two lunch, two drinks, tips, and parking)  We would come back for dating occasions in the future.
I've always driven by this place, and finally got the chance to eat their for lunch. There was a bit of a wait, but it was Friday and right during lunch rush. Service was great, but slow. Our server was very attentive and explained the menu and how everything is brought in fresh every day. Its a fairly small menu, but their menu items change up, I think by the season or what is bough fresh that day. It's also chef-owned. I ordered a blue cheese burger, which was quite large with a side of fries. The fries were amazing and thin and I couldn't stop eating them. Although the burger on the other hand had too much blue cheese for my liking, so I had to remove some of it off in order for me to continue. Presentation of everything was very great. Overall I think its a great gastro-pub and a definite try for dinner.
I have been to The Ravenous Pig three times.  Each time, of course the menu is slightly different because the menu changes with season and picks of the chef.  Just last week I went with three coworkers for a lunch meeting.  We got right in- I was surprised since I was sure there would be a wait since we arrived a few minutes till noon.  I love that the restaurant has complementary valet.  I pulled right in and handed my key to the nice gentleman.  We decided to have an appy.  We got the pretzels.  The pretzel wasn't my first choice and I doubt if I will get it again.  It comes with a cheese sauce and a robust mustard sauce.  The pretzel was a bit over cooked (this time).  As for entrees, I ordered the burger with out the goat cheese, but with white cheddar instead.  The burger was absolutely delish!  It was seasoned perfectly, cooked med-well.  The burger was served with a tomato, red pepper, pickle-like relish.  It was different and tasty.  I opted for side salad as opposed to the french fries.  Their side salad is just the greens tossed in a lite oil vinegarette.  I liked the simplicity of it.  I left satisfied!
Ravenous Pig is amazing! The food is delightful and the service is normally really great. We've had a couple of bigger parties go (to celebrate birthdays and what not), but the one time we went as a couple the service was horrible. Our waiter ignored us for the most part and seemed to want to get rid of us (I promise that we weren't rude or mean or anything like that). I talked to the manager that was there at the time to just give her a heads up about the situation and she pretty much fought me (in a good way on her part) because she wanted to pay for our bill. I was NOT trying to get any kind of discount or anything for free, I was just trying to let them know that we've never had that kind of service from their restaurant, especially after seeing how our waiter was with other tables - very nice and talkative and suggesting options and desserts. (Where he never brought us more water, never offered us another beer and never offered us dessert. I had to ask another server for the bill and our waiter just kept rushing by us. It made no sense.) To say I am a fan, even after that mess of a time, is huge. I am a BIG fan of good service and normally after that I'd write the place off, but because the manager cared THAT much and came over to talk to us and get everything taken care of is amazing. We will definitely be going back..not soon enough though!
As one of the newer restaurants in Winter Park, The Ravenous Pig has a lot to live up to if it is to become a local favorite.  The first time that I ate lunch there, the entrees impressed me because they are simple foods made delicious by combining ingredients that are not normally paired together--like a salad with beets, avocado, and pistachios.  But, the service on my second visit is what made The Pig my new favorite hot spot.  When my family sent me to get take-out, I was apprehensive that this upscale, yet casual, restaurant would accommodate to-go orders.  When I arrived the hostess was happy to take my order and she deferred me to a nearby waiter when she wasn't sure how to answer some of my questions about the menu items.  The waiter patiently answered my slew of questions and really saved the day when he told me the fish I was ordering for my mom was served medium rare.  My mom hates raw fish, so instead I ordered the Roasted Pacific Rainbow Runner which she loved.  While I waited for the food, I sat at the bar and ordered a beer.  Although they don't serve my favorite, Blue Moon, the bartender offered a similar selection that I liked even better...and it was on the house.  After my family ate dinner, they liked it so much that we went back for lunch the next day.  I love it when my family enjoys the best of Winter Park.  Well done Pig!
Nice menu! You had me at "Gruyere cheese biscuits" - no doubt. Fantastic seasonal offerings...fried chicken, creamed corn, tomato, crispy okra...oh yeah! Shrimps tacos were a real treat too. Do not forget to make a reservation.
Oh yes they did go there with the name. Luckily they also went there with the food. I sat at the counter right next to the kitchen, so I was able to see the chef, sous chef, pastry chef, and even the dishwashers in action, slaving away over some good food. I was also able to check out what was most popular: the burger, which is perfect--the blue cheese doesn't overpower it like it might, the meat is tender, and the flavors blend into that fantastic umami taste bomb that I will be craving in a couple weeks. A few other popular dishes: the tacos (didn't try those), the pork belly (tried it and though it's hard to make pork belly anything but fantastically fatty, I wasn't a huge fan of the pineapple that came with it. That said, I had no shame over making myself an open-faced sandwich with some pork belly and the oh-so-perfect gruyere biscuits;) To top off the meal I had a recommended fruit-bomb cab that didn't get lost in the blue cheese, and my husband had one of the sexiest drinks--an old fashioned made new with vanilla syrup, bacon-infused bourbon, and a garnish of candied bacon. I wanted to order a whole plate of the garnish, but I held back and ordered the strawberry rhubard crisp, which was a nice finish with a little tartness from the rhubard. This dessert was no doubt inspired by spring, and the menu here changes to suit the products available during the season. I was glad to hear that because I want them to make fried chicken. When I mentioned this to our server he said that they are planning on opening a new restaurant down the street this summer, with a Southern menu that will almost certainly include fried chicken. That's good--but in the meantime I will be back to this spot for more!
After going to The Ravenous Pig about 5 times, I feel I've had enough experience with the place to submit a very well rounded review. The Food:  The food has been top notch every time I have gone here.  The menu slightly changes daily and also monthly, the menu get revamped.  There are a few signature items, like the Lobster Tacos, that they keep on there basically because all of Winter Park would be very upset if they took them off...haha.  The salads are out of this world.  The Farmer salad is particularly good.  It's like a cob salad with thick chunks of bacon, a light caesar dressing and a boiled egg on top.  When you break apart the egg and liquid yolk gets spread throughout the salad, it's amazing!  The entrees are very good.  The meat dishes are all quite extravagant and taste delicious.  The lamb leg I had in April was incredible.  The pasta dishes have also been very well prepared.  The desserts are pretty amazing.  When you go, don't leave without getting a dessert. The drinks:  The beers consist only of microbrews which change out regularly as well.  Each beer is usually served as at pint.  The only liquor drink I've had is the Bacon Infused Old Fashioned.  It's exactly what it sounds like.  Was very good.  It is their signature drink. The atmosphere:  The bar area is pretty neat.  It's not huge but there's seats available at a long bar while there's also a few tables and booths set up in that area.  First come, First serve in this area...be ready to pounce!  The dining room is nice.  Any seat in here pretty much requires at least 1 week ahead of time reservation for a decent hour. The price:  Yikes!  Every time I end up coming to this place, I spend roughly $140 for two of us.  We tried to go and keep it cheap by getting a burger and we still spent like $120.  To split a $12 salad, they charged me $2 more dollars. Beer: $7 each Liquor Drinks: $12 each Appetizers: approx. $10 Salad: approx. $12 Entree: approx $25 Dessert: $7 each I love everything about this place except for the price.  None of the entrees are that plentiful to justify spending that much.  I think my problem though is with the drinks when I go.  Usually ends up costing more than my food.  Would've rated 5 stars but did 4 stars because of the hurt to my wallet.
I finally made it to this restaurant after waiting over a year to go back to Orlando.  We weren't able to get a reservation last year so this time we booked well in advance. The restaurant was very casual and I wasn't expecting it to be as low key as it was but I guess it is a gastro pub.   We sat at the bar for a little bit while we waiting for our table to be ready.  They had a large selection of beer but I am not really a beer drinker so I waited till we sat down to order a cocktail.  We didn't have to wait long and I'm not really sure why we were sent to the bar at all since there were many empty tables in the dining room.   That is another thing I wasn't sure about since every time we tried to get a reservations they were always booked but when we were there we saw so many empty tables.   We started out with the Lobster Tacos for appetizers since I read that they were a must.  I have to say they were good but not as fantastic as I thought they would be.   The lobster was fried and I was expecting fresh lobster.  I am not sure I would order them the next time I go.  There were a lot of other choices and their menu changes daily so I would definitely try something else.   We also had a burrata and fig salad and  I was wondering why they called it a barrata salad since there was only a schemer of barrata cheese.  There was a piece of pork bacon in the salad that was very tasty and that really made the salad not the burrata. For the main course we had the rib eye steak and a the pasta chiratta.  The steak was very tasty and was cooked just right.  The pasta was very good as well,  but a little on the mushy side with all of the ingredients in it. We skipped on the dessert since I was pretty full after eating all of the above mentioned.  It did look good and I would definitely save room for dessert the next time.  There was something called the piggy tails which was friend dough and looked like it might be worth saving room.   I would say this is a restaurant worth going to.
I went a couple months ago I guess I forgot to write a review. Me and friends ended up sitting at the bar since my party grew (I'm okay with that, sometimes I prefer the bar area better) the manager was very accommodating. .. too  bad the service was mediocre
This restaurant turns Winter Park into a gastro haven!  Ravenous Pig, you make my business trips to Orlando a salivating delight! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
This place has received a serious hype around town so I just had to go see for myself.  AND...I liked it, but I'm not over-eager to return.  However, I am in love with their gruyere biscuits with smoked sea salt butter.  I think they totally called to the southerner in me.  Those I am eager to return for! I started with a salad which had green, yellow, & red tomatos, fresh mozz cheese, grilled watermelon, and i can't remember what else-- it really wasn't memorable or anything larger then a side house salad; it was expensive tho...$9 i think?!?   For my meal I had the Beef Brisket, which was served over a piece of grilled watermelon (watermelon must have been on special that week, right!)  with a light beef consume.  The flavors came together very nicely and I thought the entree was pretty tasty.  I was disappointed that nothing came along with the entree other then the meat and the watermelon.  Some new potatoes or a veggie would have been very welcome. My bf had their Pasta with Scallops.  He liked it a lot but wasn't over-thrilled.  He also, like me, really liked the biscuits.   I will return to the Ravenous Pig, even if after dining there it's not as Posh as I anticipated.  I still want to try their Shrimp & Grits and their Lobster Tacos.   On a great note- everything here is made in-house, which is super cool!  Plus it's locally owned and that makes it 100% better then any of the lousy chain restaurants Orlando has to offer.
Great food.  On the expensive side, but very high quality gastro pub dishes.  And, the first place I've ever been to that made truffle fries that actually taste good.
This was my first visit to a gastropub and I loved it. My cousins took me for lunch while I was visiting from Tampa this past October. If I lived in Orlando I would probably eat here at least once a week. We went for a late lunch and it wasn't crowded at all, but my cousins told me there's usually a wait for dinner. We started with their beer selection. It's was a list of eight draught (their spelling) and a three bottled beers. All were from microbreweries in the US, including two from Central Florida. I had two different pints and both were really good. For an appetizer my cousin ordered the "house-made charcuterie", with meats, cheeses, bread, grain mustard and pickled vegetables. My cousins liked the cured meats a lot (I didn't try it because I don't eat that). I tried the bread, cheeses, duck pate, grain mustard and some of the pickled veggies. One of the two cheese was not pleasant tasting and the duck had good flavor but was too salty for me. The sandwich I ordered was the best grilled cheese I've ever eaten!!! It had fontina cheese, duck confit, carmalized onion jam and arugula on thick, crusty white bread. Every bite had amazing flavor and I especially liked the carmalized onion jam. Incredible delicious...I can't say enough about how great this grilled cheese was! The french fries are very good too. The services was good. Our waitress was fun, she even joined in on some of our banter and jokes (in a good way). I am giving this place four stars instead of five because of the salty duck pate and the unpleasant cheese on the appetizer.
Very good food and extremely conscientious and friendly staff. When we decide to order salads after we entered our order, the waiter ran to the kitchen to see if our food was already being prepared. He cam back with the manager to tell us that they would be glad to provide the salads bt they would end up coming our with the main meal. I know most of the restaurants I have been to would have either held the main course by interrupting the prep or putting it under a heat lamp or would have just brought everything at once with no warning. The staff here seemed most interested in providing us with the best dinging experience, not the biggest check. They also serve most of their wine list by the glass at 25% of the cost of a bottle. Great idea. By the way, the food was terrific. Apparently they have a new menu every day.
I was really craving a great cocktail.  Went to Ravenous Pig on a recommendation.  Great time.  Creative and adventurous menu.  Delicious charcuterie and really fun, craft cocktails.  Bacon infused bourbon old fashion was fantastic.   One warning: There is a 1234 N. Orange Ave in Orlando and Winter Park.  They are a 2 mile walk.  Don't make the same mistake we did.  Even thought the walk wasn't that bad and did increase our appetite.
I would recommend to experience this place at least ones. This restaurant is one of a kind. It is always very busy and I see why:) thank you for great food and service.
One word describes this place...."Palatable!" I went here for lunch and I can't wait to go back for dinner. Their version of deviled eggs are very tasty. I love how they are paired with gherkin pickles. Taste them separately and then try them together. They compliment each other very well. My burger with the truffle fries were tasty as well. Be sure to eat the fries there! If you take them to go, you won't taste the truffle oil on the fries anymore. Be sure to bring some cash for the valet parking. They work off of tips and they are very polite. I can't wait to return for dinner and explore this place even further.
This was a BIG disappointment. We were so excited to finally get a reservation after months of trying. We had such high expectations and were disappointed with everything. Atmosphere mediocre at best. Service was actually good. I think the chef's are talented but trying to be way outside of the box with their very limited food choices. There were four of us and we had four different entrees not one was good. The boar was very gamy! My fish was dry and served in a bed of tomato soup with very little flavor and very, very small potions. We were all hungry after. In fact we decided to order desert thinking that would help fill us up and even that was a letdown. One of us got these cute little mini cup cakes and they were almost bitter in taste. I would never bring anyone else her nor would I recommend it to my friends. It's rare that I feel like this about any establishment.
Had reservations here for a friday night at 9pm and the place was still fairly busy. Even though it was dark, I loved the area this restaurant is in. Very "small townish" and the building itself is modern industrial. About 30 minutes north on I-4 from the Disney World area. What can I say about this place. After my five day vacation in Orlando, this meal, which was on the very first night we were in town, still stands out like a blinding star in my mind and taste buds. We got a plethora of food here so we could try as much as we could. 9 dishes between 3 people... and all was devoured. - Gruyere Biscuits: Like Red Lobster's biscuits but 10x better. - Mussels & Fries: My friend said this was his favorite dish of the night. I liked it, but the sauce was a little too thick for me. I really love my mussels in a light, white wine sauce, but if you don't mind something a little more heavier... go for it. Also comes with truffle fries to dip in the sauce. - Lobster Tacos: Lived up to the expectations as set by fellow yelpers. - Gatherer Salad: Perfect combo of ingredients and dressing. I'm going to crave this. - Spring Tonic Soup: The crab fritter in this was amazing. It's a thick broth, like a bisque, but the taste was so light. - Foie Gras Pastrami: The strawberry relish was a delightful surprise. I wasn't sure what to expect... fruit and foie gras, really? oh yes. - Suckling Pig & Scallops: I'm a big fan of having a "full bite" as my first taste - meaning I will put every single element that's on the plate onto my spoon and eat everything at once. I love to see what the chef is imagining when they put a complete dish together and how all the ingredients mix. When I did that for this dish, I literally had to put down my spoon, sit back in my chair, and just REVEL in the flavors. The suckling pig was so moist and juicy and mixed with the scallops, lima beans, etc... omg, so amazing. this was my favorite thing of the night. - Ramp Tortellini: Good flavors, tortellini was made well. - Potato Gnocchi: For me, the texture of the gnocchi was a little off, but my bf who loves gnocchi really liked this. - The Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned cocktail: OKAY, BACON BOURBON? That in itself sounds awesome. The guys liked this, but it was a little too strong for me. - D'Artagnan cocktail: I really liked this - light, yummy and fresh squeezed fruit. The only non-positive (but not necessarily negative) thing I have to say was that the Tortellini, Gnocchi and Suckling Pig all had similar, if not the same, sauces. Although it was so very good, having one right after another was a little repetitive. The service was great (including a waiter who had the most awesome handle-bar mustache ever), the experience was incredibly enjoyable. I will definitely be coming back whenever I'm back in Orlando. Did I mention that I also love their logo? :)
Absolutely, hands-down the best food in Orlando. The monthly Pig Roast a bit overrated, but every other thing I've had--food, drink, service, dessert--has been top notch!  In this Orlando food desert, I rejoice every time we get a reservation!
I had a delicious meal tonight with my sister and a friend. You have to be somewhat adventurous to appreciate the menu.  I like different and interesting food but hard to get me to eat pork belly, venison terrine, etc. Definitely more for true foodies. However when you find something you like it is a treat at the Ravenous Pig.  We had the shrimp tacos. Delicious. I would have just wished for more sauce. A tad dry but delicious. We also had the trio of oysters. We all agreed you could skip these. They were ok. Not worth $10. We then had the shrimp and grits and the gruyere biscuits. My last supper could be these two items. They were generous with the portion for the shrimp and grits. The biscuits are amazing and a value at $4. Only thing that would make them better is to add honey with them. But they ARE heaven. We ended up having all apps. Except for the steak frites none of the entrees were really our type of food. I have had the steak and truffle fries - delicious. We then shared a dessert. It was some cake with peppermint candy. It was delightful! Perfect holiday dessert. Wine was delicious and generously poured. Bartenders at bar (Anderson and Harrison?) were perfect. Friendly and knowledgeable! For Orlando this restaurant is a 5. My favorite in town.
Extremely overated!  There are Much better places in Winter park and Orlando for the Money. We were very dissapointed.
TRP is a great restaurant that easily gets a 4 star rating.  But a few things stand out that deserve a 5th star. Presentation - The quality ingredients and marriage of flavors is simply amazing, but the exquisite presentation lifted most of the dishes beyond simply great taste.  The lamb tartare preparation, with a perfectly smeared dollop of pastel purple kalamata aioli split in two lengthwise on a slender rectangle dish nearly guaranteed that the flavor would be just as impressive. And it was. Flavor - The flounder entree perfectly balanced the acidity of fried green tomatoes and heirloom gazpacho with the natural sweetness of flaky white fish and blue crab. Wine - The wine list has a lengthy glass pour selection, which is literally two-thirds of a 60+ bottle menu using a simple cost formula of 1/4 bottle price for a glass.  A glass of Oregon pinot was a perfect accompaniment to my meal. Dessert - I sadly ran out of stomache room before I could order a dessert, but the selections sound outstandly with fun flavors including blueberry compote, caramel-espresso buttercream and peach-blackberry crisp weaving through the 5 dessert choices. I can't wait to return.
We stopped in w/o reservations on a Saturday at 6:30. The hostess gave us the "fake so sorry" look, but her partner at the stand pointed to a "cancellation" so we got in immediately. Our server was attentive and not intrusive. I saw the Ravenous Pig Bourbon on the drink menu and had to order it. It is bacon, yes bacon, infused bourbon with vanilla maple syrup, and bitters. It came with an orange wedge and a candied piece of bacon. I am not a bourbon fan, but we had to try it. It was very good, the combo is genius. They also had a couple of local (florida) beers on tap. I got the lobster tacos. They had this heavenly topping it had the consistency of cool whip and tasted like lime and cilantro. yummmm! I also got the shrimp and grits, not the best I've ever had, but pretty good. My husbands steak was seasoned well, but he said it was a little too grisly. I will def. be back, we went all out and spent 112.00 for 3 adult drinks, 2 appet.. 1 steak entree, 1 dessert, 1 espresso, and 1 coffee. not bad.
Pastrami spiced veal cheeks.... Hmmmm.... OK! Server informed us that the menu is seasonal and changes every month.  The selection in December was great.  I ended up with the Veal Cheeks and they were superb.  The gruyere biscuits were a great starter as well as the prosciutto wrapped dates.  Beer selection is very nice, sure to please most micro-brew fans.  My only complaint is that they don't serve Guinness!  Service was also great.... Our server, Brett, was well informed and very attentive. Only tip - Place does get busy, so get there on time for your reservation!
I've been here three times, once for appetizers, once for lunch and once for dinner.  The food is a bit "heavy" and I guess some people like that kind of food, which is why it gets such good ratings.  Not really my cup of tea.  Only one fish choice, a couple of pasta choices and then lots of meat choices.  Of course, in their defense there is a COW painting on the side of the building, so that should be one's first clue that the food will be "heavy".  Just one note to the chefs - our waitress explained the concept of the restaurant and said that you believe in serving sustainable seafood and that you don't contribute to over-fishing.  The third item on the menu was Pompano.  Pompano is not only over-fished but there are issues with the way it is being over-fished.  While illegal, many of the fish are being caught by nets.  If you really believe in sustainable seafood, you should do your homework first.
This place is as good as everyone says it is.  The food is delish, and I love that they offer complimentary valet parking, considering the neighborhood they're in (hard to find street or lot parking).  They use only fresh, in-season ingredients so that's also a huge plus.  We had the pork belly and gruyere biscuits to start and then the pub burgers for dinner.  We washed it all down with a couple of interesting brews from the bar.  Great service, and everything was yummy.  The only downside is the lack of variation for their main entrees.  I guess this is because of their in-season-only policy, but of a list of only 6 or so entrees, a full half of them were fish.  Great if you love fish, but still, a little disappointing if you're looking to eat anything else. All in all, we'll definitely be back here.
Drinks were very original.  The foie gras was very different, but pleasant.  I loved the potato gnocchi with veal sweetbreads!!  The asparagus salad was excellent as well.  Jack (our server) was very knowledgable and attentive.  Downside????  Managers....if you are going to seat guests where they can watch the chefs prepare the food, make sure they handle the food properly.  I saw several chefs tasting what they were cooking and using the same utensils to serve the food without washing.  I can't say I saw anyone wash their hands in the two and a half hours I watched them, but I did see most of them wiping and scratching themselves as they handled the food without gloves.  Only a couple of the kitchen staff had hair restraints, and those that did had raddy hats on.  Even the owner/chef made an appearance and clearly had a huge hole in his shirt.  Just totally not the way I would expect someone with such passion for presentation of food to present their business.  Makes me wonder what goes on when no one is watching!!!  Was a big turn off!!
You can't find much better here in Orlando than the Ravenous Pig. Their Charcuterie is absolutely amazing, and while a bit pricey (about $24) it is DEFINITELY WORTH IT. All of their dishes have unique flavors I guarantee most people will be unaccustomed to, but that's part of the fun. The pork belly is the best I have ever had. Succulent and fatty, the way it should be served. Their menu is seasonal, so it's a little different every time we go and there is always something new to try. This time, we had the roasted duck which was cooked and prepared beautifully . Also, the veal. Oh man, I usually don't get veal but this time I decided to experiment I am glad I did. Usually veal has a slight gamy flavor I can't get past but they made it work with this dish. I can't recommend this place more. Oh, and grab an Old Fashioned if you can. It's Bourbon with a hint of vanilla and a slice of bacon. That's right, I said bacon. Don't pass this place up!
I created a Yelp account just to give this place the rave review it deserves. My boyfriend and I are vacationing and decided to stop in for lunch to see if this place lived up to the hype. The answer is a resounding YES! We started with the deviled eggs, which were flavorful and unique. I ordered the gaspacho Bloody Mary, and I can safely say that it's the best I've ever tasted. For entrees I had the pub burger and he got the shrimp po' boy. We were both completely satisfied with our meals, down to the truffle fries and green salad. Somehow this place manages to make even a 4 ingredient salad superb! Not only was the food amazing but our server, Geoffrey, was prompt, attentive, and more than happy to answer our questions. The price was reasonable as well, but we did do lunch and not dinner, which is slightly more.. If we lived in the area we would undoubtedly be regulars here. Stop in and see for yourself!
I visited Orlando from San Diego for a conference and was out looking for the best reviewed restaurants in the area. My girlfriend is a foodie and definitely has one of the best judgment on what good food is. We ordered quite a bit and I can't remember them all. Items that caught my attention were the biscuits & ceviche. The gruveye biscuits were amazing and hands down the best biscuits we've ever had. The crust was not too hard and the center was extremely moist; the contrast was dead on. The ceviche, even for its bit sized portion, was amazingly refreshing and not chewy like others I've had. Definitely worth the drive and visit if you are ever in the area.
Just had quite possibly the perfect sandwich today.  Had the pork belly sandwich for lunch and it was spectacular.  The meat is soft and tender and fatty like good pork belly is supposed to be.  What impressed me was the condiments did a great job of complimenting the flavors of the meat.  They all behaved nicely creating a unified force of flavor.  The jelly seemed a little odd on paper, but it works well adding a bit of sweetness and moisture.  Even the bread behaved, a soft roll with some actual crust.   Also had the charcuterie plate to start.  Great stuff.  The smoked sausage was the star for me.  My wife loved the goat cheese.  The only thing that we weren't overwhelmed with was the pig ear turrene.  I found it an interesting thing to eat as most foods in the typical American diet doesn't have that kind of texture.  Not much flavor.
My husband and I visited the pig in September for our anniversary dinner. It was fantastic!! We've read about this restaurant for a while now and made sure we made the trek here since we're from out of town. We had a little bit of everything from tacos (a must) to the plum glazed pork belly (a double must) the skirt steak to the steak firites and the atltantic flounder. Everything was delicious and fresh with presentation to boot! Sad to say there was no room for dessert but they generously presented us with pretty little bites as an anniversary treat. (My husband made the reservations and he mentioned anniversary donner) Extensive wine list and crafty coktails. We had two martini's (with Tito's as their "house" vodka) and a bottle of the Tablas Creek Rhone. Solid 4 stars!
This isn't a Mickey Mouse restaurant. Myself and 3 other people went for dinner on a Friday night, everything was amazing. get the Pork Porterhouse you won't be disapointed.
I have been to The Ravenous Pig several times for lunch, dinner and their Saturday Pig Roast.   I have not had one bad experience in any way.  The food, staff, environment and drinks are TOP NOTCH!   There is something for everyone and you get what you pay for.  You can sneak in and have an affordable burger for lunch or go over the top at dinner and "wow!" everyone you bring.   I will continue to go back whenever I get the opportunity.
ZOMG. This place is DELISH. Easily the best restaurant I've ever been to. We sat at the chef's counter, which my husband loved because he's really into the cooking/chef shows. From the moment you sit down you can tell that they put a lot of care into the preparation of the food. We started with the gruyere biscuits and lamb ribs. The flavors were AMAZING. The lamb ribs came with some tzaziki mixture/sauce that complemented it well. For entrees I got the branzino and he got steak frites. Their truffle fries (on his plate) are AMAZING. The server asked if he wanted catchup for the fries. He got it but discovered that they were so flavorful that they didn't need any. His steak was cooked to perfection and amazingly tender for a flank steak. The branzino was insanely flavorful. I wish I could remember all the elements. The risotto was cooked perfectly, Then dessert. WOW. They make their sorbet in house, so we had planned on a single serving of sorbet. But the server joked with us about our boring selection and once seeing the dessert menu, we HAD to get two desserts. We settled for the pig tails (a fried dough with chocolate dipping sauce) and chocolate tarte with fig sorbet. I finished every bit. Thank goodness I'm pregnant, because I think the servers were really baffled as to how we ate it all. REALLY, REALLY amazing. Worth the trip even if your hotel is 30 miles from Winter Park. EDIT: My one regret is not being able to enjoy their AMAZING looking specialty cocktails. But the moment this baby comes out - I'll be there sampling them al! Agh, I want to go there again tonight!
A few weeks ago, we learned that a friend of ours was visiting from Ft Collins CO and while in Orlando, he wanted to experience some of our fine dining. Our friend is accustomed to Jay's Bistro, Snooz, Canyon Chop House, Bisetti's, Lucile's, Enzio's, Sonny Lubicks, etc. If you know Ft Collins, you get the idea. We gave it some thought and decided The Rav Pig was comparable to some of the fine dining in the Fort. We were not disappointed.   We ordered the Gruyere Biscuits, House-made Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese, Columbia River Salmon, the Local Rabbit Leg, Pork Porterhouse and Steak Frites. Awesome meal and great service.  The Rav is at the top of our list.
Bacon infused old fashioned! And it was even better than I expected! Between The Ravenous Pig and the owners' other restaurant, Cask & Larder, these are the two best restaurants in the Orlando area. Ravenous Pig regularly does pig roasts or another holiday or general celebratory type meal. They have great mixed drinks as well as the micro brew from Call & Larder. I have yet to have a bad meal.
I had heard a lot about this place and it definitely lived up to expectations. The menu isn't as large as some places, but everything appealed to me, making it very hard to decide what I wanted to try. We started with the Gruyere biscuits, per recommendation from the waiter and they were wonderful! Have a selection of some fun beers and interesting sounding cocktails. Decided to make a meal out of the shrimp tacos and a salad and was not disappointed. Also had a chance to try the burger with truffle fries which was wonderful! Restaurant has a nice ambiance, and we were very impressed with the meal. Plan on going back soon!
We wavered on giving this 3 or 4 stars -- it's more of a 3 1/2.    We love gastropubs and were excited to try this place, driving the 20 minutes from our  hotel near the Convention Center, but the food -- while it had great intentions -- had several misses. Gruyere Biscuits:  4 reasonably sized biscuits for $5 is a good deal but it seems they would be complimentary at other restaurants.  The biscuits were tasty but the cheese flavor could be a little stronger, and I wish they were a tad less heavy.  4/5 Belon Oysters:  A bit pricey at $18 for a half dozen.  Unfortunately we tried with the housemade mignonette first which really ruined the flavor of the oysters, bringing out a metallic overly fishy flavor.   The housemade cocktail sauce was a much better pairing but they really should not have served the mignonette to ruin the oysters.  2/5 Pumpkin Pasta (forgot its name):   I love when chefs experiment with new flavors, but the flavors need to work.   Really admire the thought behind this but the sweetness of the pumpkin needed some acidity to balance it out.  2/5 Pork Porterhouse:  If you get one thing at the restaurant, you gotta get the pork porterhouse!   Brined, sous vided then grilled to a nice crispy crust, it was treated as the lovely piece of steak it is, though pork steak.    Definitely the best dish we had in Orlando over 4 days.  5/5 Good wine & beer menu, but the cocktails we ordered were disappointing -- they sounded great but the flavors became muddled and didn't stand out.   Service was a bit cold when we first arrived but improved tremendously after we started chatting with our server.   Overall, if we stayed closer to the restaurant we would be up for giving it another try and of course having the porterhouse again, but due to the food inconsistencies it wouldn't be high on my list given the drive from theme parks, even with the culinary wasteland that is I-Drive.
My expectations for this place were pretty high, given all the great reviews, especially locals. I had made a reservation in advance anticipating that it would get crowded. We arrived a little early and sat at the bar area where the bar tender gave us some water and carmel pop corn to much on. Once we were seated, we realized that the bar menu we were looking at was the same as the regular dinner menu, rather short and apparently some of the items from the previous week were no longer available. I had specifically booked the place hoping to try some of those dishes. We ended up splitting the pub burger and the shrimp and grits dish. I typically am not into grits but I will admit that the unique spin they put on the dish and the great mix of flavors had me enjoying it, although it was a small portion for the price, I realized it was just an appetizer. I split the pub burger with the hubby as well and it came with a huge beer cup of filled with truffled fries. The fries were pretty good and the burger was just Ok for me, nothing special. We were down to our last funds the days prior to leaving so we unfortunately opted not to get dessert, although I kind of regret it now as it may have swayed my review by a star. The desserts were unique and hand prepared and honestly looked very good. Overall, the service was OK (our waiter wasn't particularly attentive though) and the food was OK, although I was just disappointed that certain items were no longer on the menu. Also, the reason for the 3 stars was I noted in the reservation that we were here to celebrate our anniversary/honeymoon in Florida and nothing was done to acknowledge this. It kind of beats the point of mentioning why you've traveled thousands of miles to dine here. If we're ever in the area again though, I might consider coming back here depending on what the menu for the week is and will most likely try the desserts. Until then, I can only award three stars for the food and overall experience.
People have been telling me about this gastropub for some time. So after years of endorsements I decided to take Niki here for dinner. It was easy to get an early reservation and when we arrived we were greated and seated promptly. Our drink order was taken and it took 15 minutes to get a beer and a bottle of sparkling water. The menu was kind of confusing. Yes they had steak frites, a burger, and pork on the menu but no sweetbreads, pork belly, veal cheeks, lamb, or bratwurst. I ordered the pork porterhouse and Niki chose the steak frites. To start we tried one of their boards which was ok. It consisted of some kind of salmon in a jar, ratatouille pate, and some kind of tapas on a piece of bread. The steak was very good but the fries were a joke. The pork was very tasty but the side dish that came with it was a complete unknown. It tasted like curried cauliflower with chips. For dessert there was a sweet board of chocolate, caramels and macaroons. Everything on the sweet board was excellent. All in all I was not impressed with this restaurant and I feel it fails to live up to the hype. The food was good and they use quality product but they lack to expand beyond the gastropub basics. It makes me wonder is anyone who has given this place 4 and 5 starts have ever been to a truly excellent gastropub like those found in NYC or London.
DELISH!!! My boyfriend and I shared a salad, quail and sausage appetizer, and the veal. The food was so good but the portions were pretty small (I'm glad we weren't too hungry!) We tried two cocktails, the ravenous pig and the apple cocktail (don't remember the exact name). If you like whiskey you will love them. They were a little too alcoholic for me. It is PRICEY! However, if you are willing to spend a good amount of money this is a great place to go!!
The server was a bit of a weirdo. Went with family and everyone found something they liked. I got the rabbit it was good nothing special. I liked that the menu changes daily.
Went in for lunch - had issues getting a reservation over the phone - they put us on hold and never came back. We were luckily able to walk in and sit at one of their high tables -their dining room, which was empty at the time was fully booked. I ordered the lamb burger - which was decent but not that great. way too much on the bun to meat ratio.  They presented their truffle fries in a beer pint glass. This served to have all of the fries at the top of the glass be cold by the time it came to the table, and all of the fries in the glass itself soggy and lukewarm. Those in the glass are hard to get at, btw, which forces you to dump them out onto your plate anyway, so why the hell bother with presenting the fries in a silly glass? Attempt at a "cool" way to present them, but ends up being a major fail. My folks ordered the cheese burger which came with blue cheese... which essentially overpowered the entire burger. again, little meat to bun ratio on this one as well. Their fries didn't come in a silly glass, but did come extra salted which made them rather inedible. My wife was seduced by the egg on top of her farmer salad, she seemed to enjoy it, but I had a few bites and was basically underwhelmed. Had high expectations given the great reviews here on yelp but really it's decent but not that great. The ugly ends (of their gruyere biscuits) that we ordered were indeed tasty, and there's my only recommendation for the place. Waiters were attentive and friendly.
What a gastropub should be. Great drinks and good solid pub food raised to a top notch level. Started with a play on an old fashion with bacon infused bourbon and a slice of bacon to boot. Really well made. Most disappointing was the warm pretzel   Just nothing real interesting. Skip it. I went for the burger. Really well made burger with good grilled onions. Get the blue cheese on the side because is strong blue cheese. Companions had the flatiron steak which they raved about. And yes the fries were perfectly crispy and thin. Nothing fancy just perfectly cooked. Nice find and would totally recommend it for.a good solid dinner. I will say the prices are on the higher end so be prepared.
Of course when traveling I always consult Yelp before making any dining decisions, and this case was no different...thanks to all my Yelp peeps for the reviews and guidance! The Piggy and I got off to a rough start - granted I had procrastinated and waited until the day-of to try to make a reservation, but it was a Wednesday night and only 4 people, so I thought I could gamble. The woman who answered the phone was nice and polite, however she was unable to offer me a reservation before 8 pm (I was hoping for 6:30 due to time constraints...no, I am not on the prune juice...yet.). So I took it and hoped for the best. Scuba Steve and I met our other party there at 6:45 pm on the nose - the place is actually really easy to find and has GREAT curb appeal - if you are into dining al fresco I would recommend their little sidewalk patio (although not in the middle of August). We told them we were going to have some drinks, but they offered to seat us right away instead - SCORE...WINNING (sorry, had to, couldn't help it...trying to be "current"). The dining room and bar are parallel to one another with a wall separating the two. Ambiance is great, and lots of room between tables, so no claustrophobia there. Our server, Katie, was extremely knowledgable and friendly and gave us the rundown on the menu and was very helpful with suggestions. Now on to the meat of the story - no pun intended. The MENU. Wine: awesome. Had the Momo Sauv Blanc and LOVED IT. Scuba Steve had beer and was quite a fan ( I think he had 2-3 of them). We started with the suckling pig and scallops (OMG, I DIE), the pretzels, and the gruyere biscuits. I think the menu is very forward southern-style cooking...if Chez Panisse and your favorite southern dive had a baby, this would be it. Menu and restaurant are upscale but casual and comfy at the same time. Anyway, I digress. Biscuits were perfect - pretzel was a nice hybrid between what you would get at a baseball game and what you would buy in a bag at the grocery store...not too soft and doughy, but not too hard either. Served with grainy mustard and a cheese sauce. And the only complaint we had about the suckling pig and scallops? THAT THERE WASN"T MORE OF IT! :) But finer dining always has more controlled portions, which I look at as an opportunity to fill up less so I can try more! My entree was the halibut (latke and lima beans rounded out the veggie portion) and Scuba Steve got the duck with lentils. Oh did he ever get it - it was AMAZING! Apparently the way they raise these particular quackers creates more flavor in the meat, and they weren't lying! The rest of our party got the steak frites and pork porterhouse (it's HUGE! And perfectly JUICY - not one dry morsel...how did they do that?!?!) respectively, which were equally impressive. For dessert (I know, we ate a ton - thank goodness my skirt had a little give or things could have gotten downright indecent!) we had the strawberry/rhubarb/praline crisp. Divine. I can't say enough wonderful things - service, food, ambiance, our entire experience was incredible. I have to say I was surprised to find such a gem in Orlando, FL of all places, but I wish them all the best and the next time I am in the 'hood I will hit them up for another shot of DELICIOUS!
This is a great place for food and cocktails.  Staff is always friendly and I am a sucker for the Farmer salad.  The menu changes frequently but there are some staples that remain on the menu.   I brought a coworker and he was a bit intimidated by some of the ingredients.  The staff was so helpful explaining everything to him, and he quickly became a fan.  Please venture and try something besides the Steak and frites, or the burger.  Both are great, but the items are so good it's a shame if you don't try something different.
We stopped in here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon - parked out front, walked right in and sat down. Their lunch menu had some great selections - she had the burger with truffle fries and I had the Po' Boy san'ich Both were delicious - although next time I might have to go for that burger, it was THAT good. If you're a baller on a budget - the afternoon is a great way to eat here without breaking the bank, we got out for around $50 Dinner is another story, but I can tell you this - I've never had anything here I didn't like and their biscuits are amazing. JR
Walking into the empty restaurant we had to argue with the hostesses of the table we wanted to sit at. Granted we had reservations and I opted to speak to a manager before they accommodated us. The drinks were unique and tasteful although they didn't have the amount of alcohol you'd expect for an expensive craft cocktail. I barely felt anything as a small woman with an empty stomach. The salads were tasty, big for a half size, and though I order something similar everywhere I go it had it's on spin. Our main courses were small but filling and nicely presented. The dessert was the most commonly ordered item on the menu but I felt there could have been better options. I do not feel like this is the best restaurant in orlando and if it is, I'm upset because I've eaten at better. Nice to sort of impress a date but they could have done more.
Everything I have had here is excellent. Compares with some of the best restaurants in LA (Animal, AOC, Rustic Canyon, Simon LA). Love it so much! Mussels and Fries, gruyere biscuits, tart, pork 4 ways! and their drinks are excellent!
We make this our must go to restaurant whenever we are in Orlando.   Nice selection of craft beer.  The always seem to have offerings from Terrapin and Cigar City. The food is exquisite.   They use locally sourced and in season ingredients so the menu changes frequently. The first Saturday of every month they have a pig roast for lunch.   Valet parking or street parking is available.
Best flavor combinations in Orlando, great food, great service.  I took my wife here for our first date, so i would say i'm a little partial seeing how things worked out :) Beer: albeit a small sampling but surprisingly great craft brew options are available Food:  refined, simplified, combined, coalesced, delicious Ambiance:  true gastropub setting; modern yet inviting.   Parking:  tough to write a review of a restaurant with parking involved so ill avoid If you live and/or are visiting the Orlando area and are seeking a delicious food experience, then head over to Ravenous Pig.  In the commercialized chain-food bubble of Orlando, Ravenous Pig differentiates itself through uniqueness in every facet.  I highly recommend and your odds of being disappointed are low.
They use too much salt and they know it. The gay employees check out the male customers, even from the kitchen (bird's eye view). The portions are small but it doesn't bother me. It may, however, bother you if you're were misled by the name Ravenous Pig. There's nothing ravenous about the place except for the sauces they use. It is a quaint little spot to hang out, though. There is a lot of hustle and bustle and movement about. There have also been, historically, some of the most beautiful female waitresses you have ever seen in your life. To be or not to be, that is the question.
A fellow chef - friend recommended this elegant but cozy gastropub and three of us came on a Saturday night around 7. We used the valet & were originally told a 45 min wait (reasonable, as it was Sat night, no reservations), but scored lucky with an opening on the dining floor, so we were seated in less than 5 min upon entering. The decor is tasteful, refreshing & yet practical. Modern gastropub vibe with earthy tones. The food was impressively presented but fairly small portions. Wine was a bit overpriced but service was professional but charming.  XO Pork belly was good but too similar to typical chinese charsu & far too small of a portion to share. We thoroughly enjoyed the pastas, which are prepared on-site. Flat iron steak was good, but a tad underwhelming. Overall, this restaurant is a nice recommendation with a variety of interesting dishes and we'd come back to try the other items.
Tried out this place for a quick lunch and was very pleased by the selection and flavors.  We started with the pretzels which were fresh and delicious with the mustard (the cheese dip was only okay).  I had the salmon blt with truffle fries which was light and delicious.  I would definitely return for the sandwich again and to try other menu items.
Wow! Everything we had was excellent. We started with the biscuits, shrimp & grits and the Farmer salad and they were all delicious. Tasty lardons in the salad, a perfectly runny egg...mmm! Entrees didn't disappoint either, and there was a good variety. I had the Pompano and it was crisp and yummy.  Good beer selection, good atmosphere, I'd definitely come back.
Good service, good food with weird creations, good atmosphere. No character. I prefer the remarkable restaurants. This is a gem if you are in Winter Park and don't want to drive to discover more out there of the city boundaries or if you are a Winter Park lover! I think all the fuzz about this place is "to see and to be seen" kind of place...It is Winter Park!
Perhaps it is only me or maybe my taste buds were  weird or something, I honestly expect much more from the Ravenous Pig after reading all the raving reviews here.  Went there for dinner on a business trip and ordered the Gruyere bread and short ribs.  The Gruyere cheese bread was definitely freshly made, crisp on the outside and warm in the inside.  Maybe the favor was a bit subtle and it didn't blow my mind. The short ribs were tender and soft.  However, it is relatively dry (instead of moist and juicy) and frankly, doesn't have much favor by itself (Actually it has a hint of beef jerky after taste).  The paste that comes with the ribs did a reasonable job making up for the mildness in favor but I thought it could be better. Service was excellent, attentive and fast.   Maybe it is just the two dishes I ordered.
I'm not one to normally leave reviews for a place (good or bad), but I really felt the need to say something because I would like my fellow yelpers to NOT be misled! I will give credit where credit is due - the gruyere biscuits are the BOMB! But everything else fell short of expectations. The mussels and clams were just alright. Nothing phenomenal and not even that tasty. There was no saucy soup for the fries to go with. But what I really don't understand is how everyone likes the Pork Porterhouse. Don't get me wrong - I normally love pork! But this pork chop was rare (red in the middle) and tough to eat. I would say that only 30% of the pork was actually edible. And when we pointed out the fact that the pork was rare to our waiter, he mentioned to us about the cooking process - but didn't offer to swap it out for another one  and just suggested we don't eat that piece. I was appalled! You can get a parasite from eating rare pork! I would rate this place 1 star but I'm giving it an extra star for the biscuits. To be honest, I don't know how this place has 4.5 stars on yelp. IMO it should only have 3 stars max.
fantastic dining experience!! we had some high expectations of this place and they delivered. we started with a bacon infused bourbon cocktail, and gazpacho bloody mary. i have a soft spot for bloody marys and they made it quite well, even rimmed the glass with a spicy rub. we were greedy and wanted to try everything but ended with 3 appetizers, 2 entrees and a dessert split between me and my bf. -the gruyere biscuits were as good as everyone says it is. warm, buttery and flaky. yum! -the grilled octopus with yucca, avocado, jalapeno, and chorizo had a beautiful presentation and was really fun to eat! (you know what i mean if you see the image of all teh elements separated on the plate and you kinda pick and stack things) -my favorite is the pork belly. first off, this dish LOOKS super sexy. a confident spread of pistachio butter across the bottom, topped with caramalized fatty pork belly and served with a cherry reduction sauce. GOD ON A PLATE. -porterhouse pork chop was impressive. it comes on a block of wood with a tomato, watermelon salad. refreshing and surprisingly delicious with the heavy meat. the porkchop was super juicy! -it's true. the truffle fries that came with the sirloin was to die for and really addicting. even better, though was the sirloin. probably the most flavorful sirloin i've ever had. usually i like it keep it simple, with butter and some salt but this had a rub that really permeated the meat. -they ran out of the what we really wanted to try for dessert. so we had the upsidedown pineapple chocolate cake with rasberry sorbet, which was really good too, but honestly, i've had better dessert. this didn't knock my socks off but it satisfied my need for something sweet in the end. -but wait! they redeemed themselves with the complimentary peanut butter truffles. UGH. SO GOOD. they need to sell these. the check was actually not as bad as we had thought. maybe it's because we're used to nyc prices for this quality of food. will be back when im visiting orlando again!
This is our favorite spot to go to when we are in Orlando! The food, beer/ wine offerings, dessert, and service are always outstanding! They use local, fresh ingredients, so the menu does change frequently. They were offering shaved truffles for an up charge during our most recent experience. I ordered the steak frites, which comes with a garlic aoli and shoestring fries. While I enjoy steak, it's not typically my go-to, but their cut and style of preparation leaves you with one of the more tender, juicy steaks I've had. It was a perfect size for me, but may be small for those with a larger appetite! For dessert, we order the chocolate terrine and the sweets board. The chocolate terrine was a sweet, dense, chocolate cake with some corn ice cream on top. It was fun to try something so unique, but I had a hard time getting past the atypical feel and taste of the ice cream. The sweets board was fantastic. Perfect for sharing, it came with two mini- homemade ice cream bars, two blonde brownies, and two mini chocolate cookies. Sweets are my thing, and these were some of the better desserts I've ever had! They always seem to take a food you love and enjoy, and put their own special twist on it!
My favorite restaurant when i am in Orlando.  We started out with the House - made Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese appetizer which was a vary tasty selection of smoked meats, cheeses and grilled bread, pickled vegetables & grain mustard.  For my entree I selected  the Pork Porterhouse which was bbq rubbed and bourbon glazed served with a cannellini beans, feta, kale & cotechino salad.  It was soooooo tender and good that I can't find words enough to do justice describing it.  Finished off with the carrot cake surrounded by a cream cheese pudding, campaign raisins and topped off with a orange sherbert.  The wait staff is experienced, knowledgeable about all the dishes and pleasant to talk with. If you don't stop here on a visit to the Orlando area, you are really going to miss out on a fantastic dining experience.
Ravenous Pig is simply one of the best restaurants in Orlando, hands down. Located in Winter Park, RP has very little parking but they offer valet, and there is street parking along Orange Ave. I've been numerous times, both for lunch and dinner. I've always wanted to check out their monthly pig roast, but I haven't gotten to do that yet. One of these days!! Anyway. The good stuff. Their menu. They seem to have a few items that stick around most of the time (Steak Frites, Pork Porterhouse, Gruyere Biscuits, Pub Burger), and some seasonal items that rotate out often. My absolute favorite meal I've had at RP was Venison, which was cooked and seasoned to perfection, but unfortunately I haven't seen back on the menu since the one time. I've never been a fan of ordering pork at restaurants, but the one time I did order their Pork Porterhouse, I was not at all disappointed. Last time I went for lunch, I tried the Gatherer salad for the first time, and it was massive. Desserts are always on point, as is their draft list and wine list. Service at RP is always on point. Even the few times that we've been a rowdy drunk group, service was great. If you don't have a reservation at dinner, you'll likely end up having to wait to maybe jump into a table in the bar area as it opens up. Seating gets a bit competitive, so be on the look out!
Bummed my steak was cold and the fries were soggy on my steak frites. The pigtoberfest beer was good and the bacon old fashioned is a hit. The food just didn't seem as good as the last time I was here.
The food continues to be fantastic.  I love the changing menu and that I can always try something new.  Alex is wonderful, ask for him if you can.  However everyone is extremely knowledgeable and kind.  Don't forget a craft cocktail!
This place is amazing - It's good, hearty food but with a gourmet attitude. I moved away from Orlando, but still go to Ravenous Pig whenever I'm in town. Definitely get the mussels and fries - they do it so well.
Firstly...I have to thank Jodi. Your suggestions, guidance and support are the sole proximate cause of at least 2 stars. From the outside looking in it would seem like the best meal in winter park. The menu is a work of art. Pure beauty. So why not 5 stars? The execution. It's lacking, at least to the extent of the items on the menu I attempted to eat during my visit. That's enough foreshadowing. I'll tell you what to avoid shortly, but first let me tell you why even after a crappy visit I will give this place at least 3 more shots. That's right. "4 strikes." The ambiance and patrons are unmatched (by Orlando standards) the bartenders must have been trained in the mountains by bar tending gods.  They are personable funny and they serve beer. Omg, the beer. I'm not sure what it's called but there's watermelon in it and it's a house beer and it may be the best beer on earth. No pressure to try it, but if you don't I may question your judgment (defacto). Orlando doesn't have much but it has 3 things (to date) this restaurant, and the 3 orlandians (orlandans or people from Orlando). I had the pleasure of becoming an Orlando insider. Apparently, there's a fight club like group of people who are privy to the best restaurants on earth. These 2 saints (and a lawyer) gave me hope for this town and it's food. They were huge fans of the biscuits. Note: while they have potential, my biscuits seemed a bit well done. For the main course I had the cobia. It was solid,but I couldn't finish it. The Jerk seasoning was good but it was just lacking in an inexplicable way. To give you an idea the jerk seasoning and fruit combo was...contextually awkward   There are so many great looking thing on the menu I have to try them all (see also Pokemon). Great biscuits would have made this place a 5 but it's solid and I hope I get to grab more dinners with the Orlando elite my next time in town. Thanks mr and mrs Erica S. And Jodi
Great seasonal Menu and excellent variety and ingredients. Make sure u call ahead for reservations few days advance at least
Wow, the service here was superb. Definitely make reservations and come before closing...it's super busy and definitely deserves it's awesome reputation. Also be prepared for the LACK of free parking......However, the restaurant does offer valet...so do it...trust me. Also I recommend dressing nice here...it's a bit above your casual dress. Went here for a girl's night and ordered the following: Gruyere biscuits - solid awesome. Get those freaking biscuits. They are worth it. Fries w/truffle oil- good reminds me of umami fries in CA but not to die for personally. Just do it to try once for the experience Ravioli that day was not that great or worth it. Come here for meat. No pun intended. Get that pork porterhouse. Seriously. I also recommend the chicken was delicious.
I recently moved to Orlando from Washington, DC where I enjoyed many fine dining experiences. So when I heard and read all the rave reviews about the Ravenous Pig, I couldn't wait to book my reservation. My husband and I went this past Saturday night and were a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the service and food were good, but nothing that really impressed my pallet. The dinning room was brightly lit, very noisy and the menu was a bit limited. I appreciate that they change the menue daily and cook with fresh local ingredients, but for the money spent, I would have expected a more relaxing atmosphere to compliment the food and dining experience.
Good beer. Great food. What can you say other than "YUM YUM EAT EM UP I'M A RAVENOUS PIG!" I got the pub burger and it was delicious. But the apps are what stole the show for us...the pretzels and biscuits are NO FREAKIN JOKE HOMIE. You seriously are messing up if you don't order them. We had some excellent SOUR BEER here and it really went well with our apps. What a gem of a place in Winter Park.
We have visited Ravenous Pig three times and have left raving about it each and every time. We have sat at the bar and at the restaurant side and to tell you the truth, I actually liked the bar area more. Service is way better and it feels more relaxed. Let's talk about the food. Gruyere biscuits mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm. Cheesy, buttery and salty. My holy trinity. And I still put some more of that delicious sea salt butter on top. I truly love those things. Mussels and truffle fries. I have to say, those have been the most plump and soft mussels I've ever had. They were delicious and that heavenly broth they come swimming in, wow! The fries are outstanding! I love skinny fries! Although, the last couple of times we didn't really get much of the truffle flavor. But they are still great. We have also tried the shrimp and grits and the lobster tacos. Both were good. Because we always have appetizers, we usually split the entree between two people. Pub Burger: angus beef, caramelized onions, blue cheese. Ok, so the burger is really good. However, the meat does not have a lot of flavor so a little bit of adobo (ok... salt and pepper then) would not hurt the kitchen. This comes with more truffle fries. Yay! The best part is that when we told them that we were splitting the burger, they actually split it for us in separate plates AND they gave each person a FULL order of truffle fries. How awesome is that! We have also tried the steak frites which is a flat-iron steak and it comes with truffle fries. Yay! And the potato gnocchi which comes with little pieces of ham and tomatoes in this wonderful creamy sauce with parmesan cheese. They are both outstanding dishes. Prices are slightly high but the food is worth it.
The burger was delicious and my wife enjoyed her salad. The deviled eggs appetizer were solid but nothing to write home about. Cool atmosphere overall - the decor and ambiance is very nice and you should feel comfortable having a business power lunch here. Expect an enjoyable meal here but manage your expectations accordingly. They won't blow you away but its a better choice than most for lunch.
The chefs offer only the best fresh & local seasonal options, so the menu is constantly changing.  Everything they concoct is perfectly thought up and executed.   They offer a pig roast or some variation of a pig roast on the first Saturday of every month from 11:30-2:00.  It's a must-try!  Their beer list is small but tastefully selected, and they certainly know how to pair food with beer/wine. Tip: ask the server or bartender for suggestions. You won't be disappointed!
In my top 5 of all Orlando restaurants. Truly amazing cooking our city should be proud to have. Best Of Orlando.
I was floored that this existed in Orlando, FL.  Living here I don't really venture out much since I'm the road Monday through Thursday but this place is great.  They have real artisan drinks made with honey, maple syrup, etc.  I had some drink solely because it had a piece of bacon in it and damn it to hell if that wasn't the best piece of bacon I had ever had. I believe this place was voted as having the best burger in Orlando which is what we all ordered.  The restaurant though had an incredible menu.  I split something with my wife which I forgot which may not be saying much but the food was so good.  A definite must try if you live in Orlando and want to eat at a solid restaurant.
Although it can be difficult to get in, this is one of my favorite places to eat in Orlando. If you can't get a res- go early and grab a seat at the bar. The staff is great and you can get the full menu there as well. I highly recommend the bacon infused bourbon beverage!
Very good! The service was outstanding from beginning to end. The food was very good.  The Bone-in Short Rib was impressive.  I like the Farmer Salad as well.  The Steak Frites dish was great. Although I like that they offer the option for a small pour off the Draughts list for only $3, I was disappointed at the selection.  I'm a fan of craft beer and although they had selected interesting options, there are only 11 beers on the menu.  I didn't see one that I liked, so I didn't have one.  In contrast, there are about 80 wines available.
Celebrated 32nd anniversary last night and it was fantastic! We shared 3 items that were all excellent: homemade pretzel appetizer was delicious - love the cheesy dip; think the salad was called the gardener salad - it had beets, goat cheese, pistachios and was awesome, flatiron steak was maybe the most tender steak I ever had! It was a bit is of a drive from where we were staying, but well worth it!
Get the mussels, if they're on the menu. Everything else on the menu is delicious too - well prepared, great ingredients - but don't forget the f***** mussels. That's all.
This may be one of the e best restaurants in the Orlando area. The food is all local and the chef is creative. That's an unbeatable combination. I had a tuna salad that was outstanding. My wife had the shrimp tacos. These were lunch items and they were both as got as thing get. The service was outstanding as well. Parking is the only problem. They rope of the parking area so that you must valet park. Since I don't like the thought of turning my car over to a stranger we ended up walking a couple of blocks. The valet thing is some sort of Orlando custom. Every restaurant ends up with a bunch of unused parking spaces while customers have to walk blocks to get into the restaurant. I suspect  Darden started this unique custom. Hey, I blame every bad thing that can happen in a restaurant on the Darden firm. The Ravenous Pig though is must stop place if you're a foodie.
Yum, yum, yum. It's such simple and sophisticated food that you realize mid chew and want to savor. During our meal I remember saying a few times "wow that had such good flavor" ...it's subtle but so brilliant. In addition, service was good and the menu is ever changing. Even though we live out of town, we will definitely be going back.
Well this is a trendy little place, isn't it?  Because of the boatloads of Yelp reviews, we went here on our trip to Florida, and we had a nice evening.  The restaurant is quite large, which turns out to be a pretty good thing.  So many restaurants of this type have their otherwise pleasant atmosphere spoiled by cramming you into tables so close that you can bump elbows with your neighbor, but this place felt like there was some breathing room. Based on everyone's recommendations, we had the Gruyere biscuits, and though they were quite good, I don't know that they were the revelation that we were led to believe they might be.  That's kind of the theme of the night.  Everything was quite good, but not enough was really astounding. We had a couple of salads, the steak frites, and I snagged one of the limited amount of briskets.  The salads were quite nice, with decent portions and lots of fresh, interesting ingredients.  The steak was cooked properly, but didn't have much to distinguish itself from a steak that you could get at any other restaurant of this caliber.  The truffle fries were truffle fries, so they were delicious, but again, didn't stand out from others we've had.  The brisket was perfection, though, and I was glad we went for an early dinner so I could get one.  Flavor, texture, and complementary sauces and sides, everything worked extremely well together. On the service side, everyone was nice, but there was a fairly long wait between the salads and the entrees, and the waiter checked in to say things would be coming "right up" several times.  I think there was a miscommunication in the kitchen, or someone took our order to another table, or something.   So there were just a few things that ended up making this a bit less of an experience than we were hoping for.  That said, in the wasteland that is the Orlando area, I would absolutely recommend taking a trip to the Ravenous Pig.  Just keep your expectations in check.
Food: 3 stars -- I was super excited to try the truffle fries, but they weren't anything special. I highly recommend getting the House-made Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese plate. It was the star of our meal. Our entrees were over salted and the flavors weren't anything extraordinary. Service: 4 stars -- definitely above average. The bar staff was phenomenal when we were waiting for a table to open up. Our server wasn't knowledgeable about what beers would go well with the meals, so get some recommendations before you sit down. Hand crafted cocktails: 5 stars -- I wouldn't definitely go back to try more next time I'm in town. Talk to the mixologist about how they came up with some of their unique combinations. I had to try the bacon infused Old Fashioned. I'm a Midwest girl with a love for Brandy Old Fashioned Sweets and was a little afraid I would hate it, but it was quite delicious. Everyone was happy with their drink choices. The Bloody Mary was a good hold over while waiting for a table. This really is a charming place and well worth the drive from Orlando (which is lacking a lot of creative dining experiences).
After hearing such good things about Ravenous Pig, I had to try it out. We got the seared lamb, pork belly, gruyere biscuits, charcuterie board and the organic chicken entree. All the food was very good, we enjoyed it, and our server was helpful and attentive. Our server had warned us that the food was very rich, too rich to workout after, which my boyfriend was planning on doing. However, before he even worked out, he was throwing up the food as soon as we got home. A few hours later, the same thing happened to me. I don't think it was food poisoning, just the food being too heavy for us too handle. I liked the food, and I'm glad we tried it out, but I don't know if we'll be coming back any time soon.
Had lunch here on a Tuesday. + Had the po' boy - pork belly and clams + great service and selection of beers + the rock shrimp tacos were fantastic - the lobster was not available that day + the churro thing for dessert was great too.
I really want to give this place 5 stars but I just can't lol. I like it, cool atmosphere, great service and I like locally owned places but in my opinion the menu isn't that great. I think they need some more choices. I had the Serrano wrapped tuna which was pretty good and my boyfriend had the burger which was really good but in my personal opinion..it needs a little something extra. I def think the paper menus need to go though. If I am paying 36$ a plate...please put it in a nice menu holder and not a flimsy piece of loose paper.
I've held off on this review forever because there's not much I can say that 300+ other Yelpers haven't said already. But I've been patronizing this place for years and it is a delight whether you are at the bar with bacon bourbon and truffle fries or enjoying a multi-course meal with a large group. They consistently bring their charcuterie A-game, and are one of the few places in town that I would put on a "must show off to out of town friends" list. You have to want to indulge (both cost-wise and calorie-wise) when you go to the Pig, but it's worth it.
As you'll see from my other reviews, I have long enjoyed Ravenous Pig and usually compare other Orlando restaurants to it, usually with the Pig coming out way ahead. However, after our most recent experience there, and the lack of response to my email about it, I wonder if I will ever return and feel I have no choice but to write about it. We made a reservation for our anniversary on a Thursday night at 7:30. We were dressed up and ready to celebrate. We were seated fairly quickly upon arrival, but that is where the satisfactory service ended. No one came to wait on us. Others were seated after us and people waited on them immediately, but everyone ignored us. Here is where I should mention that we are an interracial couple and while we have sometimes been blatantly discriminated against and profiled at other places, nothing like that has ever happened at the Pig. But this night, something happened. Judge for yourself what it was. Everyone literally ignored us. The woman who turned out to be our server came out of the server station, looked at us, and walked back into the server station. After ten minutes or so I told the hostess that no one had been to the table and she said she would get our server. After a little more time, the woman finally came out. But her interaction with us was nothing like a usual Pig interaction. She didn't ask how we were, whether we had been there before, whether it was a special occasion, or whether we had any questions. We placed a drink order and appetizer order and she disappeared. She did not return for some time. Someone else brought our drinks and yet another person brought our appetizer, which was a delicious but complicated tuna tartar that could have used a little explanation. The food runners said nothing, though, and since the server was absent, we had to fend for ourselves. When the server finally returned, she answered direct questions but offered no information or questions of her own. We asked questions which she was clearly capable of answering but seemed uninterested in answering. We asked about some wine pairings for our choices and she made two recommendations which turned out to be exceptionally cheap and terrible. Thankfully, she brought a taste so we could choose something else. But her recommendations were horrendous--what you would recommend to inexperienced wine drinkers looking for something cheap. No part of "anniversary, dressed up, and regular" suggested that was the wine you might want to recommend to us. We ordered a salad before our entrees. We waited and waited and waited. The salad never arrived. The server didn't return. Finally another server brought out two entree plates. We informed him that we still hadn't received our salad and he said "Oh" and walked away with the plates.  He then came back with the plates and set them down saying, "I need to go ahead and give these to you." Then he left. Our server was nowhere in sight and we were sitting there with food that we weren't ready for.  My veal brisket was both unappetizing to look at and so salty as to be inedible. I ate one bite and could not eat more. My husband's fried seafood plate was more edible but nowhere close to good and not remotely in the ballpark of "Ravenous Pig food." I sat there staring at my inedible food because there was no one to complain to, getting increasingly upset. Finally the missing server came back and asked how the food was. I said, "You know we ordered a salad that never came?" "Yeah," she said. "I know. Sorry about that. How's your food?" Well, that is a completely unacceptable response, but since she asked, the answer was, "The food is terrible." She responded by taking my plate away. She returned with a menu that she put down in front of me and then she walked away, never to return. And I mean that literally. She never returned. After that, all our interactions were with the manager, Scott. Scott came over to apologize. He was very nice and clearly knew that things were not going well. He said they must be having an off night. At this point the missing salad reappeared but I obviously did not want it or anything else. This was our anniversary night, but after an hour and a half we had eaten nothing but a tuna tartar and been treated as though we should have known our place and used the back door. Scott apologized profusely, gave us a gift certificate, and was very kind. But there was no fixing that fiasco. We paid for our drinks and tartar and left. I don't know what to say about this, as it is entirely out of character for the Pig. I hope this was not discrimination or racial profiling on the part of our server and that it was just total incompetence instead. But either way, I would like to hear that management has attended to the problem so that this does not happen to anyone else.
Great menu that changes frequently. You can definitely tell that it is owned and operated by the Chefs.  Food was as fresh and innovative as it gets (especially for Winter Park, FL) Service was great as well!!!
Great farm fresh food deliciously prepared!!  Loved the pork porterhouse!  I liked the moscow mule (or some town in Colorado instead of Moscow) on tap.
The Gatherer salad was delicious, as were the brussel sprouts and cauliflower side dishes. As for all the rave reviews on the Gruyere biscuits, spot on - be sure to place an order. Also appreciate that the waitress let us take our time. Nothing is worse than feeling rushed when your out for a good meal. She could see that we were enjoying each others company and she gave us our space.
This was awesome. We were going on vacation in Orlando so I searched around Yelp to try and find a badass place to get dinner. As soon as I saw the name I was pretty sure we would be going to The Ravenous Pig. A quick perusal of yelp reviews and my suspicions were confirmed- this place was awesome. We arrived around 7 and I was happy to see they have a valet instead of street parking- Winter Park being so hot right now I was worried parking would be a problem/I would have to remember where the car was which I hate. The valet took our car and suggested we get the foie gras (which we did) and we were at our table in under a minute. A side note on seating, we actually picked a booth in the bar area and I think that is actually preferable- it wasn't as bright in the bar, and it seemed to actually be quieter than it was in the main dining area. The service was prompt and efficient. No complaints. Here is what we ordered: Drinks- We got the Wallflower (a ginger beer drink) and the Gin and Jam (which was made with rhubarb) - both were excellent. Gruyere Biscuits- probably our least favorite thing but still pretty good. The butter they come with is a must. Snack Board- The ribs and fish on this were awesome. Pork rinds less so, but still good Roasted Foie Gras- this was killer. It comes with a  cinnamon toast crunch ice cream- and if that alone doesn't sell you on it than you have some serious issues. Organic Fried Chicken- this was the stand out winner of the evening. It isn't actual whole pieces of chicken, its little circular pieces breaded around the edge- the chicken and breading was perfect. The creamed swiss chard it comes with though was even better than the chicken- and this is coming from someone who generally eats on average 0 vegetables per lifetime. Steak Frites- Ok let's talk about truffle fries. Usually when you get these what happens is there is a big pile of fries and then some sort of truffle flavored liquid has been dumped on top so you get like 10 fries that are deathly level of truffle flavor and then you have all the rest that are just regular fries. At The Ravenous Pig all the fries tasted exactly the same and had the perfect level of truffleocity. The steak was also extremely good but was not life changing the way the fries were. Pig tails- this dessert is essentially curly funnel cake pieces with a chocolate dipping sauce- any Midwesterner would approve. Overall our experience at The Pig (yes, we are now on a first name basis) was very good. Is The Pig a 5 star restaurant? No, obviously not given that everything on the menu is less than 30 dollars. Is it way better than most restaurants that are similarly priced? Yes, yes it is.
Love this place. I'm having a hard time finding good places to eat in Orlando (non-chains). But this place is great. If it was in LA I'd still be a regular here. Bar tenders know there wines and beer (no coors, bud or miller!) and the food is really good. I come here (at least once) every time I'm in Orlando. Menu changes regularly which keeps it fresh and interesting.
I don't know what more I could say about this place that probably hasn't already been said. I only recently went here after years of hearing how good it was and yes, it was every bit as good as I had heard. First, the food was incredible. You might have to be a little adventurous here, but it pays off - trust in the chefs, they know what they're doing with all the ingredients. We tried the shrimp tacos, the pork belly sandwich, Charcuterie, and the pretzel bread. Everything was just taste sensory overload! Second, the drinks here pricey, no doubt - however, the Bacon Old Fashioned it probably the best cocktail I've had anywhere. It might sound weird having bacon in your drink, but if you like bourbon then just go for it. They don't skimp on the alcohol either! Third, the atmosphere is top notch. It's not "fancy" but it's trendy and classy. All the service we've received has been excellent and the staff always has a good knowledge of the menu. Keep in mind, it's not a cheap eat by any means, but it's the complete experience of the atmosphere, food, and drinks that makes it unparalleled in the Orlando area.
One of the great New American restaurants in Orlando. The menu has something for everyone.  Lobster tacos?  Yes please.  An old fashioned with bacon swizzle stick?  I'll have 2.  A rotating, seasonal menu featuring as many local ingredients as possible?  Now we're talking. The fact is, I have never had a bad meal here.  I have never even had an average meal here.  The Ravenous Pig consistently kicks out spectacular food, period.  I hope they don't change a thing.
Great restaurant. Interesting menu that changes often and features fresh, seasonal ingredients. Nice atmosphere, and good service. Wonderful craft cocktails as well. Good for lunch or dinner. If you are visiting Orlando, this is a top place to go for a casual but delicious meal.
Oh my god... We had a party of five and all ordered a ton of different entrees and starters and all of them were epic. Fish, pork, beef, mussels, jerky (yes, jerky) empanadas it all ruled. It truly was a party in my mouth that traveled down to my pants. In a good way.
I cannot begin to describe how decadent RP is. The menu is diverse and the accompany drink menu is a powerhouse. Do not let the sticker shock chase you away as it is one of those establishments that provides supreme quality food and beverage. The service team is solid, providing assistance in selecting item pairings as well as recommending beverage choices. While we waited for our table to be prepared, we enjoyed a round of drinks at the bar. The bartender was attentive despite nearly every seat at the bar being full. The full bar accommodates many tastes, but we opted for cocktails. The balance of the pours were excellent without the drinks being too weak or so overpowering that a taxi would be needed to cart us home. The interior was warm, and I felt like I was dining at someone's home, not in a restaurant. I would love to enjoy another evening with these folks.
This is one of the best restaurants in Orlando, period.  The food is locally sourced and cooked to perfection, the service is good and not fussy, and let me get back to the food.  Oh my gosh, the food.  Do yourself a favor and spring for the Pork Porterhouse.  The foie gras was exceptional, the grouper is delicious.  but the pork is what they do best.  Every bite will have you sitting back and closing your eyes in joy.
I went to this restaurant because of the reviews I found on the Internet unfortunately this is another overhyped Gastro pub true we did come here for lunch but unfortunately for us service was very rude kind of made us feel like we were bothering them by being there and the food was not so great not terrible but definitely not worth the money my advice spend your money else where
Went to try out Ravenous Pig for the first time for dinner last Friday night with my fiance.  We love trying out new places and we've heard so many great things about this place.  The ambiance was great, it was definitely a cool place with a great beer selection.  The food was okay a bit too salty for my taste and a bit pricey for the amount of food that we had.  We will definitely go back for the beer and the ambiance, I will have to try another item on the menu to see if I can love this place like so many others.  For now I think this place is just OKay.
I booked a dinner reservation for a weekday, which was a good thing to do.  We were lucky to have found a street parking right away at 7:30 in front of the restaurant.   We ordered the shrimp tacos for an appetizer.  The shrimp was big and juicy. I ordered the steak and my husband ordered the burger.  Both of them were good but not great.  I found them better than average.  Perhaps I was expecting too much because of the all the raves about their truffle fries?   The service was a truly five star.  Everyone was very attentive.  I asked the hostess to charge my tablet when we checked in.  When we paid the waiter, a different waiter came to our table and returned my tablet.
The menu is varied and exciting. Started with the shrimp tacos (awesome) and continued with lamb ribs (good but a bit fatty). My lunch partners soup and salad looked refreshing. Ingredients were fresh and flavors were distinct. The drink and cocktail list looked enticing. Decor was inviting and with a flair. I can say that I would surely go back for dinner. Complementary valet. Prices are ... what you would expect for a white cloth, epicurean meal.
ORLANDO (Winter Park): I had the privilege of going to the buzz-iest restaurant in Orlando on the hot tip of a local chef.  It does NOT disappoint! Ambience (4 stars): It has a classy exterior, an unpretentious but hip interior, and is sort of "Business Casual."  A versatile place to eat. Service (4 stars): My waiter was great; knew a lot about the food, friendly but didn't linger.  The gal who brought the dishes to me was a little cold and rushed, though.  Needs to warm up when she brings the food.  Bring dishes out like Santa would bring you a present at Christmas. FOOD Truffle Deviled Eggs (4 stars): These had a subtle truffle flavor from a few different sources, and were pretty smooth.  The dill flavor was a little bit pronounced and I wish it had a kick of cayenne, other than that they were perfect. Soft Pretzels (4 stars): crunch exterior, soft interior, salt, with mustard and a fondue.  The fondue was epic!  The mustard plus fondue was fantastic as well.  I wish the pretzels were a little thicker/plumper, other than that, perfect. Charcuterie Plate (5 stars):  This thing rocked me like Mick Jagger.  It is awesome!  When it first came out it didn't have the sizzling presentation like the boards I have recently had in Chicago and Dallas, but this thing had some epic and complex flavors I have not tried elsewhere. A few comments below: Pickles:  When I tried the pickle, it was like a little party in my mouth, with a crisp acidity and sweetness, and then after I swallowed, there was an afterparty if spice that left a little kick.  Awesome! The pepperoni was amazing; sort of sweet and unexpected, it was the most unique tasting "pepperoni" I have ever had, truly.   Shredded pork with Pickled Mustard Seeds: Wow!  Who would think to pickle some mustard seeds?  These guys, apparently, and it was fantastic. The aged provolone, the pork pâté, and the face cheese were all delicious as well.  Great stuff! Dessert Pig Tails (5 stars): This is awesome; definitely a must order.  Yummy little donut/funnel cake type dessert with amazing chocolate dipping sauce!  Yum! My only request is to maybe give two cheese choices on charcuterie; it wouldn't cost more if you did a half slice of the provolone and maybe a half piece of Gouda or goat, rather than all provolone?  Also, more bread please!  I was trying to put bits of cheese or meat atop the little spears and it just kept falling off.  I know its not their job to hold it up, but people like me eat it that way.  More pieces and a little wider pieces would be awesome (maybe 2inch width instead of 3/4 inch).  Thanks!
As soon as we were seated, our server explained that the Ravenous Pig prides itself in being chef-owned/operated and uses locally grown and sustainable foods. I was very impressed with the restaurant's décor and quality of food. You can tell that the Petrakises know what they're doing. OpenTable gives you 100pts for making a reservation online, but we arrived for lunch on Saturday at 11.30am and realized that we definitely didn't need a reservation. Our server made several good suggestions. I took his advice and ordered the pub burger--a delicious burger topped with caramelized onions and buttermilk bleu cheese in addition to the expected toppings.  My friend followed another one of the server's suggestions and ordered the rib eye hot dog--it was "okay." I would say the food was good but not excellent. This might be because we were there for lunch instead of dinner. Towards the end of our meal we realized we'd forgotten to order some of their famous biscuits--at lunch they're called Ugly Ends. Instead of dessert we ordered some Ugly Ends, and I thought they were really good... my friend declared them to also be "okay." The restaurant has excellent design; the owners have obviously invested a lot of money in making sure the place has terrific visual appeal. The design is awesome. 3.5 stars, but I'll round up to 4.
The pig is tasty what else can I say. The staff can be pretentious but they are usually very helpful and willing to explain anything to you.
I had heard such great great things from my Orlando friends about the food here and I was pretty excited to check it out on my whirlwind tour back in FL. But, I am torn. On one hand, it is fantastic that Winter Park has a restaurant like the Ravenous Pig. On the other hand, the service while waiting for a table was mediocre at best and the food was a mid-level representation of gastropub fare. The charcuterie plate had an excellent duck rillette but a completely flavorless country terrine. The pickled vegetables were very nice, but the funky cheese was truly funky. The cured meats, though not especially flavorful, were satisfying and tipped the scales neither one way or the other. When compared to charcuterie options elsewhere (Coppa in Boston and Cure in Pittsburgh come to mind as very good examples), Ravenous Pig fell rather flat. Then, the amazing sounding morel mushroom tart had lovely Florida touches, but the morels were gritty. And finally, the pastrami was a giant slab of dry meat shreds. The table service was good and incredibly cheerful, and the place looks great, and the drinks selection is lovely. The crowd leans toward that hyper-manicured super-blond (even if they shouldn't be) perfectly-coiffed-politician style so particular to Winter Park. I'd go for one of their special events or for drinks, but wouldn't go out of my way for the food on a normal night.
Great food. Awesome idea. Poor execution. Weird atmosphere and the service could be better.
I am only judging from a Vegetarian/Pescatarian's point of view so I give this place 3 out of 5 sprouts.  The menu is very small thus leaving you with only one or two choices- plus the fries were just too salty for my taste. We were wrong to pre-judge The Ravenous Pig because (a) we don't eat a lot of meat, if any and it sounds like a meat lovers dream and (b) they call themselves a Gastropub and we don't really do the "pub" thing.  We were so wrong. This isn't a "pub" (but it is a meat lovers dream.) A "gastropub" is actually a concept started over in London- basically a higher end restaurant and bar.  We were pleasantly surprised to find something on the menu we could have. What made the place more intriguing however, was the fact that The Ravenous Pig changes their menu almost daily using local and organic ingredients. There aren't a lot of items on the menu to begin with so we were happy to find a few things we could enjoy.   I am told that they tweak the menu on a daily basis, sometimes just to tweak an existing dish, remove something from the menu or to add something new, so it seems like everyday could be a different dining experience.  However, because it is such a small menu our options were very limited.  And if you are a Vegan, forget about it- you won't find anything here.  But that is OK- not every place strives to accommodate every palate.  If they did, they would have a 40 page menu. We started our meal by ordering the Lake Meadow Deviled Eggs appetizer- basically 2 eggs, sliced in half and "deviled" with smoked paprika and chives.  It certainly didn't blow us away but it is very unique to find deviled eggs on any menu at any restaurant, yet alone a higher end one.  They were very tasty, they just weren't over the top dancing on the palate worthy.  But they were still good.  Not much different than the average home cook making the same dish. I ordered the Gatherer salad-  basically fancy lettuce, pickled beets, sliced radishes, avocado, goat cheese, and crushed pistachios with an herb vinaigrette. I was really craving a salad so this was perfect for me- I was offered to top the salad with either tuna steak or Mahi Mahi but I kept it simple this time.  It wasn't a large salad but it wasn't too small.  I would suggest an appetizer or two if you have a big appetite to compliment this salad.  I also liked the fact that the herb dressing was more of a light drizzle instead of a heavier pour so the other ingredients really stood out on their own. Chad had the Mahi sandwich with a side of truffle fries.  Truffle fries you ask?  Well, basically they take a truffle mushroom and mix it into salt- only the truffle is so powerful they only use a tiny little bit to "season" the salt.  Chad loved the fries- I personally thought they were very very salty.  And the truffle taste was very almost overpowering.  However, it was nice to find a place do something other than just fry up some potatoes and call it a side dish.  Again, while I wasn't thrilled with the fries, Chad loved them! His sandwich itself was very good also.  The Mahi was served on a brioche bun with roasted tomatoes and a sauce gribiche. What is sauce gribiche you ask? (No worries- I had to Google it.)  Sauce gribiche is a cold egg sauce (like mayonnaise) mixed with pickled cucumbers, capers, parsley, tarragon and hard boiled eggs.  Chad actually very much enjoyed his lunch. Like I said, the menu for a vegetarian or a Vegan is very limited.  Luckily we eat fish so we were able to find something.  Other items on the menu (at least for this month) include Steak Frites and Fennel Seed Gnudi (the menu says that is pork cheeks?) and Duck L'Orange.  Plenty of choices if you are a hearty eater of meat. We would go again, mostly just to explore a new menu.  This is not the place to go if you have a certain craving as the menu is very small and changes daily.  However, if you are one with an adventurous palate this is absolutely the place for you.
Wow, we really enjoyed ourselves here...just wish we had something like this in Memphis. At the suggestion of a friend who lives in Orlando, we checked out this trendy, locally-sourced, farm-to-table gastropub...it had very good food with an energetic vibe. Standouts included the chewy pretzels with rich fondue sauce, the fantastically rich yet crispy red pork belly, and the pork porterhouse. This was a huge chop that had been brined and glazed then grilled. I think it would have benefitted greatly from a sauce, however, as it began to taste a little one note after the first few bites. The "pigtails", their version of beignets/churros were nicely crisp and sweet. The service was great...however, the check led to a bit of "sticker shock"...nevertheless, we loved it and would readily return the next time we are un town.
This place was amazing. Everyone one dining there was happy and upbeat.  The food was high quality and delicious.  The Gatherer Salad is a must have.  The beer was good, and the Pub Burger was cooked perfectly.  It's a little bit away from Orlando, but worth the drive! A must eat place if visiting Orlando.
We eat here every year when we are in town for the art show and it's as good as it gets in Winter Park... The restaurant is simply superb... cocktails are fabulous and the menu changes seasonally and is probably some of the best food we've eaten in the US. Absolutely would not hesitate to recommend... but make sure you book - it gets busy! :-)
This was my second visit to The Ravenous Pig and it did not disappoint in the least. Started with the Gruyere biscuits and a Left Hand Sawmill Ale which were both amazing. Followed that up with the Pub Burger ($12) which was flat-out one of the best burgers I've ever had. Definitely give this a try if you're a burger lover. Service was superb just as it was last time. Great place for a date or to have a quality bite with a few friends. The Ravenous Pig does the word "gastropub" justice.
Been here a few times over the last couple months, and based on all of my experiences, you can believe all the hype around this place. The menu changes regularly and each time I've been there were a few different menu items than before. With every visit, every dish that's ordered is pretty delicious. Cocktail menu is great, too. I plan on going back just to grab a Gin & Jam.
The Ravenous Pig was recommended to me by a friend of mine as a type of place that he would like to open.  So I took my girlfriend there on a date and must say I was rather surprised.  The shrimp and grits was probably one of the best things I've ever had.  I must say I was rather impressed, despite the rather pricey costs. Between dinner, appetizer, and a couple of drinks the tab was easily in the triple digits, but its worth splurging on every now and then.  Would recommend it to anyone that didn't have a problem spending money to get good quality food
Could it be that we have never written a review for Ravenous Pig?  We have eaten here many times since our move to Orlando about 2 years ago and have always had an excellent experience. This is simply a gastropub at its finest.  They also have an excellent, well-informed wine list.   Our tips: -Make a reservation -I don't like giving this secret away, but just because I want to give back to yelp, ask to sit at the bar that looks into the kitchen if you want to observe the action! -Order the guyere biscuits -You can't go wrong with the menu, but I will say that the one time we ordered the pretzel we were a little disappointed.  I am sure its best when it comes out piping hot and fresh, but ours tasted like it had been sitting for a while -They have periodic lamb roasts, about monthly- visit the bar inside to view the schedule, or their website
I have heard so much about this restaurant and the owners, and was thrilled to finally try it. It does not disappoint. I had the Newport Grog, which was an absolutely perfect cocktail. It was a bit sweet, a sour, and a bit herbaceous. As appetizers (actually from the pub fare section of the menu) we had the gruyere biscuits and the tacos, both of which were excellent.  The tacos were loaded with tempura rock shrimp and a delicious avocado/lime sauce as well as a slaw. For main courses we shared the steak frites and the pork porterhouse. The steak frites were quite good, but not amazing. I've certainly had better. The truffle fries are nice and we enjoyed them, but they were not the kind of fries I typically expect with steak frites. The steak was good, but again, not my favorite. the pork porterhouse, though, was phenomenal. It is a huge portion. SO much so that we took some home wiht us, but we look forward to having it for breakfast. The side with the pork porterhouse, white fife, is sort of like israeli couscous, and delicious. I couldn't get enough. For dessert, we enjoyed the crepes, but I saw someone else's custard at another table and wish I had tried that dish too. It looked excellent. My one real complaint was with regard to seating. We arrived promptly at 8:30pm, but our table wasn't ready for another 15 minutes. We were turned away a few months ago because we didn't have reservations, so I find it frustrating that we waited tonight. Maybe I am being too picky, and this certainly won't stop me from eating there again. I am just hoping it was a fluke.
The service was great and the food was excellent!! It's a bit pricey but totally worth it!
A foodie's delight! The food, cocktails and service are impeccable. If you go for dinner definitely have the House-made Charcuterie & Artisan Cheese it's great for sharing! Cocktails are a must and It's Always Sunny and the Deauville were amazing, both very refreshing! I have also been to several of their roasts and a clam back which were equally delicious and affordable. I can't wait to go back for more!
Someone could just force feed me gruyere biscuits all day every day and I would die a happy girl.  Vermont creamery butter and smoked sea salt.  On my short list of best biscuits on the face of the earth.   Everything here was pretty awesome. Chicken liver mousse. Light and satiating.  Cherry compote and chocolate nibs were part of this decadence.   Ravioli with wild boar, green olives, pine nuts, Parmesan and some sort of light Sofrito, tomato broth.  Oh my lord.  Yum.   Cheese- point reyes "bay blue" cow's milk cheese, tomato shortcake, black olive caramel, crystalized olives And dessert:  florida peach terrine, tarragon crust, buttermilk ice cream, caramel sauce I never wanted to leave. This is the "sister" to "Cask & Larder", which I also tried.  I think I loved both equally for different reasons.  This one may be a leeeetle bit better.  But I can't be sure.......I may change my mind tomorrow.   I hope I get to come back here again.
I agree with Bill B.  I don't know what all the hype is about.  I'm Southern, and the food here is okay.  Overpriced for what you get.  Went for lunch and it was over $60 for 2.
One of the best restaurants in town. Suoer creative, super clean presentation and VERY busy so plan to make a reservation or wait a long time. GREAT JOB!!
I think this place can be really good.  It's in the middle of nowhere but a really cute place once you walk in the door.  The wait staff is very friendly... it just kind of sucked that they closed at 2pm to prepare for dinner. We got there at 1:30pm and they still sat us and took our order, which was nice.  The lunch menu wasn't all that great, to be honest.  I got the lamb sandwich which was okay, I was hoping for more choices in lunch entrees.  That's probably where I was most disappointed.  Their fries are amazing though, probably the highlight of my meal.   I love the fact that they use local farms and fresh ingredients daily... Like I said, I think their dinner is probably a lot better.  I will have to give it another shot and re-review.
As one of Florida's first restaurants to gather local farmers, fishermen and artisanal purveyors, The Ravenous Pig in Winter Park, FL is serving up Southern style fare, craft beers and cocktails, with a gastropub twist. The atmosphere reads upscale casual, but in no was is it pretentious. There's bar and high-top seating in the back front room, and plenty of tables in the adjoining room. Each table is draped in brown paper to give some of that gastropub vibe, while the food is all presented in a modern form.  I ordered their Spring Vegetable Salad with added Mahi (asparagus, english peas, fava beans, heirloom carrots, local radish, minted yogurt, green garlic agrodolce, frisee). The presentation was beautiful, but I will say, unless you add a protein option to the salad, it is on the rather small scale. But, what it lacks in bulk, it certainly makes up in flavor. The Mahi was tender, light, and almost had a bit of a smoky flavor. The salad itself is dressed in a very light vinaigrette, a little peppery, adding to the caramelization of the roasted veggies.
Ravenous Pig has been named "Best Burger In Orlando" by renowned hamburger expert Sam Abbitt.
We had a great dinner here while in WinterPark. The food was excellent and innovative. Service very knowledgeable and attentive. I had the steak frites which was very tasty and my wife's pub burger was excellent as was our son's chicken dish. Extensive bourbon list and a nice wine selection. Look forward to returning
Very delicious. Yes the prices match the quality and service that your getting- so don't be cheap and treat your date/parents/date's parents/self to a mouthwatering meal here. Even a non meat-eater will enjoy this experience thoroughly.
Over-hyped, unfortunately. For locally-sourced food, I would've expected a higher quality of the ingredients. Rather than going simple, The Ravenous Pig threw so much on a plate that it all didn't go well together. A little review of what we ordered: -The "infamous" gruyere biscuits. They're biscuits with a side of salted butter. That's all folks. -The charcuterie platter. Nothing about it was memorable. You can get better quality pate from any vietnamese sandwich shops. I tried to enjoy the salumi, but it was like I was trying to overcompensate pepperoni from pizza hut. -The lamb. The lamb was okay. I thought it would be gamier, which would've been awesome. I don't remember what else was on the plate. -The pompano. Very underwhelming. I wouldn't have expected locally-sourced pompano to be battered and fried. Fresh pompano is not supposed be a skinless, tasteless sad little strip. As someone who knows seafood, I could not distinguish this fresh pompano from foreign tilapia. I threw in a star for their changing menu and another for ambience. Our 2-person bill totaled $90 (without drinks) and we were still hungry. I left a $30 tip (so $120 total) because the waiter was okay. I feel bad for leaving a negative review of a restaurant that is locally-sourced, but I felt a bit disappointed in this "foodie" spot. Simply overpriced, overhyped and underwhelming.
In my last review of the Ravenous Pig, I was a little under whelmed by the service and manager. On a recent visit both of those areas had remarkable improvement. The server had deep culinary and service maturity. He knew when to suggest, when to make small talk, when to walk away, and when to listen. In as much as my second plate was served by a food runner who failed to clear an empty plate, I have to say that there is great progress in the service standard. The manager visited and made pleasurable conversation. On this occasion like most visits here, we preferred to share a bunch of menu items. Gatherer--charlie's baby lettuce, avocado, beets, goat cheese, pistachios, herb vinaigrette Whoever Charlie is, thanks for your labor, amazingly crisp baby lettuce. Every aspect of this salad blended like a green symphony. Is there such a thing? There is now. The pistachio were especially fresh and combined with the goat cheese added a heady almost sheep herder taste. Hence, the "Gather" I suppose. Grilled Mississippi Quail--heirloom hammock hollow squash and new potato salad,ramps, sweet zellwood corn, green garlic This little delightful bird was beautifully seasoned and cooked to tender perfection. Forget utensils here, this was definitely a hand, pick up and pulverize, moment. Hope no one was watching. Steak Frites--Porcini marinated prime niman flat-iron steak, truffle fries, ramp aioli I have to say, I am not a guy who goes after a chunk of meat. But this piece of heaven on earth literally melted in my mouth. The porcini reacted with an already generous cut of niman flat-iron steak and produced a marvelously sumptuous delightful culinary nirvana. The steak was tender, juicy, , and perfectly medium rare. Combined with a glass of A to Z "Chemin de Terre", Blend, Oregon '06the cow could have jumped over the moon and I would still be eating. Another order please! Sadly, the fries were over salted, but the ramps aioli was very earthy and delicious. Crepes--Zellwood corn crepes, florida blueberry compote, vanilla ice cream. I did not really feel the crepes. They were a little on the thick side and just a tad under cooked. The blueberry compote was great with ice cream. A glass of Royal Tokaji "Mad Cuvee", Late Harvest Tokaji '08was an amazing pairing. Looking through the sun and hay in the glass with tropical fruit notes was a perfect end to the evening. The Ravenous Pig continues to break new roads and titillate our tender palates with new and creative culinary intrigue. What's next? Kill a Mangalitsa pig? Oh did that today. It was sold out. Kill another one!
I liked the beer and the appetizers we had were tasty, especially the biscuits.  GNOM! They have a really nice selection of cocktails and beers and our waiter was awesome.
The menu changes often enough so regulars like myself can always look forward to something new.  Some of the choices like sweet breads are a stretch for my simple palate.  The burger is a favorite and seems to be one of the permanent items available on the menu. The bar is lively and usually crowded.  Reservations are recommended to sit in the dining room. The restaurant is not open Sunday's.
Went on vacation to Orlando back in January and made this restaurant the last place to dine at before leaving and boy, we were not disappointed. Had a 7:30pm reservation and came in early and were sat right away! Our waiter (I FORGOT HIS NAME) was AWESOME. He was attentive and knew the menu when we asked for recommendations (Considering that the menu changes OFTEN depending on what ingredients the chefs can get their hands on). What the boyfriend and I ordered that night - 1. Shrimp Tacos - (OH GOD, I loveee shrimp and these were the juiciest, crispiest shrimps I've ever had. Along with the spicy green sauce on top - A MUST TRY) 2.House Made Pretzels (Soft, buttery dough that goes great with that cheese dip) 3.The Quail stuffed with Foe Grais (Someone tell me the ingredients in this dish!!!! The quail was cooked to perfection! Oh who can say no to some foe grais?! 4. Porter House Pork (Mmmms who doesn't love some bbq flavored pork?! This was a huge dish that we were happy to take some back to the hotel with us) Will definitely make a trip back and dine here again!
Very Overrated!
Was in Orlando for business and wanted to try this place.  I read the reviews and was hopeful but cautiously optimistic!  The RP did not fail to deliver.  Everything from the attentiveness of the waiter and staff to the cocktails to appetizer, entrees and dessert. We were seated pretty quickly and ordered some drinks.  I tried a bacon infused old fashioned.  I'm not a huge OF guy, but I had to try this one.  Very nice!  My fiancee ordered a gin and tonic and it was decent. We ordered the Gather's salad since it was recommended by the waiter.  He was great, btw.  A waiter with an informed opinion about items on the menu!  For entrees we had the ribeye and the grouper.  the grouper was fantastic.  The kale, mushrooms, sauce was all perfectly combined.  The ribeye was tremendous.  It was a ribeye cooked 4 ways.  I've never seen that in my life.  You had the the deckle (which I've never tasted before), 2 medallions cut from different places on the ribeye each cooked beautiful medium rare.  It was a truly unique experience. For dessert we had the panna cotta crepes which were very good. All in all, it's clear they take great pride in their food (their food is either house made or locally sourced) and a great overall experience.
If there is a special occasion, this is the restaurant that I want to eat at. Every meal is an adventure because they change the entrees monthly. The atmosphere is warm and cozy, with a bar on one side and a more intimate dining setting on the other side. Their cocktails are phenomenal on their own! I love the Old Fashioned, it's garnished with a piece of caramelized bacon which adds a great smoky flavor to the drink. I have yet to be disappointed by anything that I've ordered. The shrimp and grits were fantastic, and this is coming from someone who lived in the lowcountry for 15 years. We always order the charcuterie as an appetizer and it is always a highlight. They use fresh ingredients for their salads and their entrees are always inventive and tasty. And then there are the truffle fries.... I dream about those babies sometimes. It's definitely pricey but sometimes you have to treat yourself.
Yum yum yum!  This is one of the best restaurants in the Orlando area and I grew up there!  I seriously don't think they have one bad thing on the menu.  My parents love sweetbreads (cow thymus gland), which also kind of freaks me out a tiny bit - but its the best I've ever had and makes me want to eat it a ton if it comes from here.  They also have great drinks and the biscuits are great.  It is a little bit more on the pricey side, but definitely more inexpensive than the DC area where I now live - especially for the quality!
We were going to be in Winter Park, and saw a write up on the place in the New York Times. Very Glad we stopped in, the service was excellent, and the food good.  It would be on my return stop list!
I was in Orlando with my family  two weeks ago and was craving some really good quality food that did not cater to the typical Disney crowd. After searching on line for a while... I found the Ravenous Pig. Being the guy who took a 40 minute train ride in Chicago to try a hot dog, I had no problem taking a 30 minute drive to try this highly rated restaurant.. Reservations are  a bit tough here but, we managed to get 6 people in (and that was on a Wednesday night at 9:30PM).   The staff was extremely attentive and highly knowledgeable about their menu. Everything on the menu looked delicious and I had no idea what to choose....luckily with 6 people I was able to try a sample of most things on the menu, and loved every bite! Starting with drinks- I had the bacon infused Old fashion which was mild in flavor, deceivingly mild. It definitely packed a punch part way into the dinner and I was good for the rest of the meal. One of our group got the Bourbon flight and I sampled each glass. Absolutely delicious! In terms of the appetizers/starters: -Soft Pretzel ( very good but nothing unique) -Rock Shrimp Tacos (extremely good) - Yellow Tail tuna ( very good as well) -Foie Gra Torchon (delicious! highly recommend) -Creekstone Ribeye Tatare (delicious! If you don't like Foie Gras, this is a good option) Entree (all were delicious, just depends on what you like) -Pot-au-feu -Alantic Swordfish -Florida Grouper I live in LA and this place would do incredible out here.  I highly recommend giving it a try!
From start to finish everything was AMAZING!!! Came here for my birthday last weekend for the first time and it definitely won't be my last. The atmosphere was trendy yet relaxed, our server knew exactly what she was talking about (my boyfriend and I used to work at a restaurant so I think we are extra critical on the service, but who doesn't want awesome service, right?) and the food was delicious! My favorite items included the Gruyere biscuits, the potato gnocchi, and the heirloom tomato tart!
Good beer selection, especially the local crafts.  I like their sandwiches and theme weekends.  During my last trip there, they were offering a prix fixe French menu for lunch with a witbier from Cask & Larder (across the street).  Very, very tasty.  Admittedly, I have only really enjoyed the bar/pub area of RP.  I plan to try the restaurant side soon. ;-)
we liked the food but wasnt as impressed I guess as others. Well try again another time
I don't know where to begin!  This is one of my favorite restaurants.  I have enjoyed many meals here!  My favorite spot to sit at is the bar which is first come for the bar seats and the surrounding booths.  If I plan on coming with a group of people I always make a reservation. I have been here for lunch, swine hour (happy hour) and dinner.  The first Saturday lunch of every month is their pig roast which costs $17 and is a set menu.  The lunch, happy hour, dinner and cocktail menus change frequently.  The charcuterie plate that is a regular on the menu is one of my favorite items.   On my most recent visit I stopped by to check out the swine hour (Tues-Fri 4pm to 5:30pm).  What a great deal!  All of the specialty cocktails are $8 (usually $12), draft beers are $4 (usually $6).  The sister restaurant, Cask & Larder, brews amazing beers that are offered here too.  They offer four small plate items that are $4 each.  When I was there they had deviled eggs, fish and chips, onion dip with chips, and pork belly slider.  By far the pork belly slider was the winner.  The fish and chips were also very good.  I didn't try the onion dip.  The deviled eggs were good but for the price I would rather order another pork slider!   Service has always been outstanding.  The atmosphere here is casual yet upscale.  You can dress up a little or go casual.  This is a great place to go for any occassion.
I've heard great things about this place, so had to try it. Got there a little early & had a drink at the bar. The bartender was great! He was really nice & helpful with drink suggestions. Got seated at our table, and the waiter we had was not so great. That's why I had to deduct a star. We ordered the Foie Gras Torchon as a starter. I've had Foie Gras several times at really good restaurants, and it was always cooked. I didn't realize this was going to come out raw :( So, wasn't a fan of that dish. We had the shortrib for dinner, and that was spectacular. I would definitely come back to try out other dishes, but hopefully I get a better waiter next time!
From the moment you drive up with valet service to the food quality and service. Amazing all the way! Delicious! I will be back!
The food was uneven. Some things were great like the smoke cobia. The hen of the woods mushrooms were cooked perfectly in the black grouper main course; the fish itself was good, but not special. The Pork Porterhouse (their specialty) was dry and tough.
Pretty tasty! For appetizer we got the Peekytoe Crab: lime mousseline, fava panna cotta, uni bottarga, salmon roe, marcona almonds, basil, peach. It was good, but I wasn't blown away by it. Could have done without it. Boss #1 got: Pork Porterhouse (peach cider glaze, maple rhubarb roasted beets, hazelnut, gorgonzola). HUGE portion of pork. She loved it so much she ate it all. Boss #2 got: Wild Alaskan Halibut (artichoke barigoule, hen of the woods mushrooms, roasted sunchoke, green harissa, garbanzo, piquillo). I tried it. It was good. I got: Ellensburg Lamb Trio (loin, bacon, sausage, feta potato torta, smoked tomato, spring onion agrodolce). There were so many flavors going on that my tastebuds were overwhelmed, but in a good way!! This restaurant is as good as all of the reviews say. For drinks we each got: The Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned (bacon infused buffalo trace bourbon, vanilla maple syrup, house orange bitters). Several of these and we were TOASTED. I'm not a big fan of the bacon trend, but this was mmm mmm good. If I ever have to go back to Florida for a conference, it's worth the taxi ride all the way out from the Sea World/amusement park area. Be prepared to throw down some $$$$. It adds up!
If pigs could fly, this would be a F-18! The menu is imaginitive and intresting; like the bone marrow and French snail appetizer. Delicious! The crispy sweetbreads also didn't dissapoint. The Saffron Maltagliati pasta with the smoked duck and pommegrante was sumptous. The pork porterhouse was befitting the restaurant's name. Finally, the Cayuse Syrah from Walla Walla couldn't have complimented the meal better. It's just ashamed this place isn't in my hometown!
Had the Steak frites and it was mediocre. The meat was tender but over seasoned. The staff was helpful and very nice. The menu changes week by week
The place is charming and I love the emphasis on local farmers. But I think a better name would be the Salty Pig. Maybe it was what we ordered (Charcuterie Board and Halibut) but the salt was overwhelming. Fish should not be salty - especially when the other flavors have such potential. It's almost amazing - but not quite.
A must-do when in the Orlando area, be sure to make reservations well in advance.  With a seasonal menu and tantalizing new dishes regularly being added to the rotation, the Ravenous Pig is the kind of place it is possible to visit repeatedly without fear of menu ennui.  Sure some items, like the house-made pretzels with whole grain mustard and taleggio-porter fondue seem to appear with some regularity, but usually the policy is, if it sounds good, try it or you run the risk of never getting to (FYI, those pretzels are a dangerously delicious choice).   The menu ranges from smaller pub fare to much larger entree selections.  Usually the best method is to share several plates with other diners in your party to maximize the variety.  Also, cocktails are a must try, and worth the splurge since the are impeccably crafted.    The Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned (made with Bacon-infused Buffalo Trace bourbon, vanilla maple syrup, and bitters), is the ultimate manly drink, and one that I found far better suited to sipping.  Although it initially  came on very strong, the taste gives way to a smooth honey flavor, and finishes off with a lingering smokiness.  Adorned with a little sliver of crisp candied bacon, it took a good deal of restraint to not request 50 more.   Another Ravenous Pig cocktail classic is the "Gin & Jam," which uses Rogue Pink Spruce Gin,  housemade rhubarb jam, local honey syrup, and house sour.  The jam and honey lend the drink a mild sweetness, yet there is also a touch of piquancy to produce an ideal balance.  The beer menu makes a fair attempt as well, although brevity is its strong point.  The Ravenous Pig doesn't bombard with a number of options and instead tends to focus on quality in what they do offer.  The diversity is sure to entice everyone from IPA hop-heads to sweet cider addicts.  Furthermore, they carry several local to Florida choices, like Cigar City and Cask & Larder (their own line), which are well worth trying.   The Ravenous Pig is one of Florida's best restaurants, one of the more interesting gastropubs to be found, and it showcases local ingredients in swoon-worthy manner.  Innovative libations, stellar service, and a downright ingenious culinary concoctions, make visiting an immediate priority.
Best food and best cocktails in Orlando.
Smoked pork (sandwich) with truffle fries are delicious!  I stopped here for lunch before heading to the airport.  I wanted to order most of the things on the menu...but i had to order pork in a restaurant named after a pig!  It did not disappoint...smoked pork was flavorful and juicy...I skipped the rye bread so I could savor every bite of the giant portion of pork, and the almost obscene amount of thin truffle fries that matched the pork in deliciousness. Ambiance- big windows, modern yet casual and comfortable.  Waitstaff is efficient and attentive.  There is parking on the street, or the option to valet park.
SO DELICIOUS. I went for the first time a few months ago and fell in love. I could eat their steak frites all day long. Definitely worth trying..would be good for dinner with the family or date night. Great cocktail menu too
I've had the pleasure of dining at the Ravenous Pig several times and swore I would write this review, but never got around to it. This is consistently a fantastic restaurant for any occasion and I have not had a bad experience. Actually, it's always been a good experience and I've now dined here probably a dozen times in the past 2 years. Food - The Ravenous Pig has a variable menu and with some essential items staying consistent. The menu does not have an overwhelming number of choices on their menu, but enough variety to be able to choose from. The ingredients are said to be locally sourced and they always taste fresh and well prepared. Charcuterie is a must here and it's something my group has EVERY time we dine there. Drinks - drafts on tap are a flat $6, cocktails are $12. the bartenders know what they're doing here so you can't go wrong with any of the cocktails. Service - This restaurant understands service as being an important part of the dining experience and trains their staff extremely well. I can't recall dining here where the service was bad or inattentive. Ambience - The restaurant, again, is versatile for any occasion. There's a good mix of people who are dressed in different levels, noise level is average to low. I've celebrated my own birthday at this restaurant, girlfriend's graduation, dinner before a concert, casual Saturday lunch. Maybe not a tuxedo restaurant, but short of that, you shouldn't feel out of place. Bang for the Buck - This is, by no means, an inexpensive meal. You can get away with a $20-30 meal if you just went with an entree, or you could easily spend $100/person. I would argue the experience and the food is worth the price but to some people, no food is worth a certain price. If you enjoy the finer things in life, this is one of them and it's worth the indulgence. Overall, this restaurant is a must-try if you're in the Orlando area and one of the best food experiences you'll find anywhere.
FOOD: average SERVICE: terrible I called earlier that day to make a reservation and they said reservations are booked but if we walk in, the wait will be around 30 min. When we got there, we waited 2 hours and it was SELF SEATING. Well after 2 hours, the table with no chairs finally cleared so we had to pounce on it or else someone else would. Also, they ran out of supposedly their best dish by 830pm (pork chop) so our dream of trying it was crushed after we had already waited forever. There was 5 of us. They recommended that we order the appetizers to start off as we are standing around this table. Well we didn't know the appetizers were bite sized, nor did they warn us, so we ended up each getting to taste a pinch of each appetizer, which I don't even remember what we had because I could barely taste it. I ordered the meat and cheese plate (recommended by the server) and it was gross. The flavors were bland and tasteless. My friend ordered the burger which didnt impress me either. Finally I ordered the banana pudding dessert because I was dying to satisfy my taste buds. That was decent, but I've already had Magnolia banana pudding so it'd be really hard to top that off. Overall I felt like their was a lack of organization and common sense in the service. But this is Orlando, can I expect anything more?
Love this place! We have eaten here more times than I care to admit and it is always amazing! BTW the pigtails are not to be missed!!!
Visited for a second time tonight. Again amazing. Do not pass this place up. Go out of you way to make this a go to place while in Orlando.
Found a few pieces of crab or lobster shell in one of the spreads in our charcuterie plate. We told our server, who apologized, but did nothing else. No personal apology from the chef, offer of comped app/dessert or anything. One of our cheeses still had a piece of foil on it that it was packed in. Gruyere biscuits were barely warm instead of hot. We've come before and were very satisfied. Would have given it 5 stars. However, missing on these little details leads to my 3 star review. Don't slack on your standards and think people won't care or notice!
Very consistently good. Gatherer's salad and tomahawk steak are excellent.
I've always wanted to go to a Gastropub; and I've heard wonderful things about this place.  Making a reservation was a bit difficult because apparently they fill up a few days in advance... but they have spots for walk-ins.  I arrived about 30-40 minutes prior to my date, to attempt to get a spot right around the time she arrives..  but to surprise me, I had a table within 5 minutes!   So, I had some time to kill.  First off, the atmosphere here was very nice...  dark, but well lit where it needed; and provided a great background for a nice evening... When looking at the drink menu, I had to order their Gazpacho Bloody Mary... this thing was amazing!   Very tasty, and full of nice veggies on top!  Then after that, I had to try their Old Fashion with Bacon.. simply because it had bacon in it!  I should have known better, as I'm not an Old Fashion fan....  but the bacon was good! Finally my date arrived, and we ordered the Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese appetizer.  It was quite interesting, and we enjoyed the experience - but not sure about half of the items that were on it...  Some of it was tasty, others were just strange... She then ordered the Steak Frites, while I ordered the Veal Shank...  Her steak was tasty, and good.  My Veal on the other hand was tough (wasn't cooked long enough to allow the meat to fall off the bone) and the flavors were a bit bland...   Over all the experience was good.  We both had an excellent time there, even though the food left a bit to be desired.   I will most likely attempt to try this place again, and give it a second chance.
I love the food, LOVE the beer selection, and have always had impeccable service.  No, the portions are not the size of what you'd pile your plate with at a buffet, or the sysco-tastic size of a plate from a large chain, but flavor makes up for it, usually.  (I say usually, because I was very disappointed at the size of the lamb mezze appetizer.) My favorite things I've had there are the burger (of course), the steak frites, and awhile back, an awesome loin/leg rabbit entree.  That their menu changes often is a big plus, too; there's always something different and interesting to try out. Minus one star for the slightly restrictive prices and being forced to valet on a slow evening.
With seemingly fewer and fewer options for truly fine cuisine in Orlando, The Ravenous Pig stands as one of the best with an almost cult-like following. Diners can be absolutely assured of freshness and variety as all of their offerings are in their peak respective season on a menu which changes daily. I would highly recommend the Pork Porterhouse as an entrée with it's unbelievable Demi-glaze and crowned with finely-chopped sautéed apples. A simple dish but stunning. I will definitely be revisiting this local gourmet haunt on my next trip down.
This restaurant is definitely in my top five (for Orlando) as the food is always modern and interesting, but since their menu constantly changes, you'll find that your dining experiences will as well. Most of the time the food is outstanding, and sometimes just okay (though the service and atmosphere have always been great). A couple items I order every time to share with my dining companions: truffle fries and soft pretzels. They're always devoured within a few moments of being set down. A "must-try" in Orlando.
Great meal, great service what more could you ask for. Will visit again when we return
I have always wanted to go to this place. With the clever name, I was intrigued. I started with the Lamb tartare. Veru well done if you like farmy tasting food. The flatiron steak is perfect at mid-rare. But the icing on the cake were the truffle fries. I first had them in San Francisco and been in love ever since. TRP prepared them perfectly. The service was awesome. I was a little worried my blood was not rich enough to be there, but I fit right in. This is a great place for a date you want to impress but keep them comfortable, take them here.
The foodie in me was excited about trying the #1 restaurant in Orlando. Coming from an insane food scene in Nashville, I have high expectations for restaurants. Unfortunately, this place was a complete disappointment.  Now, my ribeye was cooked perfectly however it lacked flavor. My mother order the salmon which was bland, bland, bland! The carrots that accompanied the salmon tasted like pure salt sticks! They get 3 stars for the service and well prepared steak but I wouldn't come back.
Fantastic menu!! What creativity!! I had  the Lobster Tacos. Loved them! Service was excellent! Our server was training a newly hired employee. The attention to the details of service were very refreshing to see. Great Job!!
I came to ravenous pig for my birthday dinner. My boyfriend wanted to make it very special. He had made a reservation and when we sat down our waiter took nearly 10minutes to us our drinks. We had a difficult time deciding and he didn't care to explain anything on the menu. Not that ever waiter there is like that but he was just flat out weird. Came around the corner stared us while we were eating and walked away. Fumbled around with the items on our table to fix there position and walked away. Just weird. So my boyfriend and I tried the Pub burger. Which was topped with blue cheese and it was not a very good mix it left some sort of after taste that hung on like drinking a coke after you brush your teeth. The fries were coated with way too much salt. The only thing I really enjoyed was the beer. Everything else was either not good or just ok. Not a great pick for my birthday celebration.
The best restaurant in the Orlando/Winter Park area. I've been eating there consistently for two years and I have never been disappointed with food or service. Despite the casually attired servers and gastropub theme, the menu is as well-thought out, intricate and meticulous as major foodie restaurants in the biggest of cities--and at more resonable prices.
So in order to help me appreciate good food, I make it a habit to recalibrate my taste buds and go to crappy chain restaurants once in a while.  And I did just that last month when I went to Orlando and the family and I overindulged in Disney's subpar (at best) cuisine.   Which made it really easy for me to savor the delectable find that is The Ravenous Pig.  Starting with their version of my favorite cocktail, gin n' tonic, was like sipping the transition from fall to winter with the addition of raspberry, coriander, and juniper.  The mussels and frites were lovely and only made better with the gruyere biscuits that melted in your mouth.  For dinner, we had the flounder which stood well on its own but the steak - porcini marinated served with more truffle fries and roasted garlic aioli was unbelievable!   Because I believe in allowing a restaurant to showcase its talent, we also made sure to order one of their homemade pastas and last night's happened to be black olive pappardelle with a sensational sauce that beautifully complemented the ribbons of pasta that slithered into my happy mouth.   Dessert was good but the pigtails (which were essentially their version of churros con chocolate) might have benefited from more density.  Service was attentive without being overbearing and the ambience was cozy and intimate.  A lovely find indeed and worth the 25 minute drive from Orlando.
I've been to The Ravenous Pig three times. The atmosphere is trendy pastoral - a bit too self-conscious and conspicuous for me. The waitstaff knows the menu well but won't bludgeon you with gastronomic minutia unless you solicit it. The food is consistently good, at times great, and gives the feeling that you are eating something thoughtfully planned and expertly prepared. It's a reliable destination for a special occasion or when you want the meal itself to be the special event.
Great place. I went for lunch, trying to avoid a crowd. Love the view of the kitchen from the bar. The menu is not extensive so it should not be hard to pick something. The beer cheddar soup was awesome! The pub burger was very good. Pig tails, fried doughnut i could live without. Good service, friendly staff. No complaints from me! Check it out!
Fresh and fabulous food. This place has the most interesting flavor combinations that come out tasting wonderful. Wine selection is good and the cocktails are seasonally-themed. It's a little pricey though, so we usually reserve this place for special occasions! If you go here for your birthday, your dessert is on them. "Pig Tails" delicious.
Being torn between this place and another for dinner the night before, we opted for the latter and I came in here for lunch at the bar the next day. The bar tender was amazing, welcoming and made me (a first timer) feel right at home. I cant remember her name, but she was excellent. Not pushy, but never forgot about me. She knew the menu and beers inside and out and had great recommendations. Not to mention, easy on the eyes. I decided to go with the charcuterie plate. I felt like this was kind of their "thing," and any place taking the time to create these long-lost, collagen encased masterpieces is sure to find a taste tester in me. It ended up being a really nice board of treats. Edible art if you will. Rabbit rillettes, tartufo, an amazing cow's milk cheese, quick pickled carrots; it was sheer quality throughout. After a second Hopsecutioner, I deemed it necessary to try the truffle fries. While very nice, they were not the best I have ever had. However, I did like the fact that it was truffle salt used, not truffle oil. They had a pleasantly mild truffle hue throughout, not that phony, mixed oily taste like a truffle farted in your mouth, then turned and walked away without an apology. You know what I'm talking about... Overall, this restaurant is a winner for a few simple reasons. The atmosphere is very "come as you are," while maintaining a warm, rustic elegance. The menu is not too much. All the items are staples and proven crowd pleasers, so they take the guess work out of the equation for you. Lastly, you can see and taste the respect the place has for the food they produce. Overall, I would recommend this place to everyone, particularly those on the more gastro-adventurous side of the table.
If you're in the area, this place is the closest thing to a new, innovative restaurant you'll find outside of the big cities. Great ambiance and service and good interesting menu.
Believe all the hype about The Ravenous Pig.  FIVE SOLID STARS for this amazing restaurant located in Orlando, FL!  The restaurant is stylish and the food is Kiss-Your-Grandma-Good! yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… First, let me start off with - it's all about the levels of professional service.  We had Alex as our server, and he did an AMAZING job.  Not only did he explain the dishes well, but he also guided us to order things that were a part of our taste preferences.  His timing was impeccable.  Thanks Alex!  Management needs to give you a raise! I started off with a glass of the Famille Perrin, Les, Sinards, Chateauneuf-du-Pape '10.  The wine was very full of fruit flavor and heavy on the mouth.  Good recommendation, Alex!  Grade:  B+ My table-mate and I decided to order two appetizers before starting our tasting menu ($60/person): The first appetizers was the Gruyere Biscuits, served with smoked sea salt butter.  The biscuits were hot and dense, but flaky at the same time.  Grade:  B+ yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… The second appetizer was the Bone Marrow.  The beef marrow was served with the Hen of the Wood mushrooms, brioche, onion marmalade, salsa verde, and pickled shallots.  A bit different than what I was expecting, but it was delicious and full of flavor.  Grade:  B+ yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… Our first Amuse Bouche was the San Franciso Hog Island Oyster, prepared two ways - one with a (sweet) pineapple granita, and one with a (salty) cucumber granita.  The oysters were fresh and sweet.  Fun to eat and loved the contrasting flavors!  Grade:  A- yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… Our first tasting menu item was the Beef Cheek Pastrami: Amarillo dulce peppers, enoki mushrooms, pickled pearl onions, black garlic puree, coco nib vinaigrette, mustard emulsion.  The dish was not only beautifully plated, but it was a beautiful contrast of flavors that excited the palate.  Heavily smoked meat!  Grade:  A- yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… The second tasting menu item was the Pork Belly, which was burbon glazed, pistacio butter, & cherry-vanilla jam.  I thought I almost died and went to heaven!  This dish was AMAZING.  The pork was tender and juicy on the inside, and super crispy on the outside.  Contrast of the cherry balsalmic and pistacio was amazing.  I wanted to lick my plate!  Grade:  A+ yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… The third tasting menu was the Florida Cobia: Olive oil poached, heirloom potatoes, romesco, oven melted tomatoes, pickled pole beans, espellette.  Th fish was cooked to perfection.  The fish was super tender and juicy inside, while high-seared on the outside!  Grade:  A- yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… The fourth tasting menu item was the Organic Chicken:  Summer squash & Butter bean succotash, sweet corn pudding, ancho pepper sauce, benne wafer.  Another dish that popped me in the mouth delicious!  The chicken was tender juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside.  Fun to eat with the succotash, but the corn pudding made this dish for me!  Grade:  A+ yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… We decided to order the optional 5th course, the Cheese Course:  Sweet grass dairy cow's milk, tomato-shalllot agrodolce, leek ask croquant.  Perhaps it was because we were full past our gills, but this dish dissapointed me.  The cheese was nothing exceptional, the agrodolce was well prepared but I felt misplaced in the dish.  But, the leek ash croquant was innovative and fun to eat!  Grade:  B- yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… The tasting menu dessert was the Ice Cream Cake:  Yellow Cake, Jasmine Rice ice cream, plum salad, crisp rice Tuile.  Well done and executed.  Delicious and professional!  Grade:  B+ yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… Closing amuse bouche was a dark chocolate fudge bark.  Super rich cocoa with a crunchy butterscotch topping.  Delish!  Grade:  B+ Food Grade:  A Service Grade:  A Worth the Money Grade:  A Overall Impression:  A
I brought a colleague from out of town here for a business lunch a few weeks ago and could not have been more pleased. I had the pork chops with polenta, which was absolutely amazing. Our server was delightful and recommended an excellent drink. He even brought me a sample of a delicious gin after I expressed my interest in it, on the house! Will definitely come again!
Unlike it's sister restaurant, this place is a hit!!  The food was wonderful, the service was impeccable.   We had no trouble getting a reservation, though we did have to eat at 9 p.m.  Everyone THROUGHLY enjoyed the appetizers, dinner, drinks, and dessert.  Everything was amazing.   My friend got the chicken.  I made fun of her at first.  Then I tasted it.  Hands down the best chicken I have ever had in my life.  MELT IN YOUR MOUTH GOOD!! We ate slowly and enjoyed ourselves very much.  I was very happy to have brought my out of town guests here.  It's nice to see we have some great places to eat in the Orlando area.
The food was great Atmosphere good and service well above average.
Poem: this place has food and it is good and Jason is delicious, too. Meaty. Meaty. All the other reviews for this place are bullshit. Don't listen to Anna or Joe. Kill time here with your mouth and your eyes.
I highly recommend this place.. I found this place because of the magical dinning month.. I'm so glad I found this place.. I been to Emeril, Charlies, Bone Fish etc and this place surpass them with flying colors..  My wife and asked to make reservations but they told her they weren't taking Any.. For my surprise I found out that they weren't taking reservations because they were blocked for the next 3 weekends.. Wow.. Luckily we were able to find a chair in the 1st come 1st serve.. But I wouldn't do unless u get there early .. The place was so pack it would take hours to get a table in on a sat night.. The service was incredible.. The food was amazing. I had a shredded beef dish and my wife had the steak n frites... I swear I think I almost shed a tear.. They were so delicious.. Dessert was really good also.. To give u an idea how good this place is.. Some people were sitting in the outside tables.. In the middle of. Hurricane like storm!!
The Ravenous Pig is the perfect dinner spot for every occasion. It's cozy, welcoming, and very lively. I love the free valet because parking is a pain in the butt in this area. I started out with the fresh house made pretzels. They were served with two sauces, whole grain mustard and cheese. I wanted fish so I went with the red snapper with gnocchi . The portion for the fish seemed small but after cleaning my plate, I was full.  Each bite was a delicious flavor bomb. Everyone seems to rave about the Pork Porterhouse. Get it. It's a meat fest but you won't regret ordering it because each bite will be succulent and tender. This isn't your mom's dry pork chops. The Ravenous Pig redefined pork chop for me that night. It is on the saltier side so if you're sensitive to that, just be aware. I didn't go for dessert because I was too full but the friendly server brought out pralines and I couldn't resist. What a nice way to end the meal. I left here very satisfied and look forward to returning! **Although I didn't drink here, there's an extensive wine list worth checking out!**
Excellent food. Great beer and wine selection. Menu is very creative. Everything looks good. Chefs/Owners were trained at the CIA which means they know their stuff. Always plan ahead and get a reservation! One of the most popular eateries in Orlando. Just booked a party of 6 for three weeks ahead and lucky to do it. If only 2 you might get a table or sit at the bar if just dropping by. If you haven't been here yet .. go!
Wonderful experience. Had the farmer salad- homemade bacon was amazing! Scallops were great as an app Great Service by Alex, he explained every dish and was prompt with every aspect. We never had an empty glass of wine ! I want to go back and try lunch and some craft cocktails. Hitting their sister restaurant Cask and Larder today for brunch !
I believe that The Ravenous Pig is one of the BEST restaurants in all of Florida right now. I have been going there since they opened and never once left disappointed. They have a local, seasonal, fresh and inventive menu that sets it apart from most other restaurants. Their cocktails are incredibly amazing too! Larry, their Bar Manager is really cool and makes the BEST Gin and Jam in town! Everytime I go I request Jason, he has been there for a long time and I consider him one of the BEST. He knows the menu and the food inside and out and I've never been disappointed with his suggestions. Fave Place in Winter Park Hands Down!
We looo-ooo-ooo-oooved this place. My husband and I ate here for his birthday one Thursday evening. The location was easy to get to and there was valet parking available. We started with the Gruyere biscuits, and I'm pretty sure I moaned while eating them. FANTASTIC. We also each had drinks- I had a craft beer of some sort and my husband tried a house mix. Both were really good. The ambiance was slightly romantic, although it would have been equally appropriate for a business dinner or dinner with friends. For the main dish, we both had the burger-- mine with goat cheese! Friends, this was no ordinary burger. It was fancy and delectable and worth every penny of the $15 I paid for it. The goat cheese just made me want to jump up and sing. We each ordered a dessert as well. My husband got a peanut butter something and I had the custard. We'd intended on splitting both, but in the end, neither wanted to share! We can't wait to go back!
We got great seats at the bar and were attended to pretty quickly. We ordered some cocktails and the gruyere biscuits to start, a perfect start. We chose the cobra and pork for dinner, both delicious. The cobra, a white fish, was cooked to perfection and melted in our mouths. The pork was large, but had a great mango chutney and smoked flavor. For dessert, we enjoyed their signature " pigtails", sugar coated dough treats in the shape of pigtails with a chocolate dipping sauce, amazing! Overall, a great atmosphere with a mix of offerings, people, and great service! I look forward to my next visit to enjoy the Ravenous Pig again!
While the food was good, the atmosphere was not my preferred setting. There are other places that I would go for a nice meal with a more intimate setting.
The salads are amazing but you must have the pork chop...one of the best ever!  Our first visit and we will definitely be back. Ask for Harrison at the bar as he makes a great citrus mojito and the local beers are defined with trying.
Had been a fan for a very long time but we noticed in our last two visits that it is not the same. The menu still reads well, service is still great but not one of the 4 dishes we had popped at all.  It use to be a foodgasm every time. Focus seems to be more on plating than seasoning and flavor. .  Moving on. Too many other choices now,  They wouldn't make it past the first week on Top Chef.  We are sad to say so long.. They are no longer living up to their reputation. They are no longer living up to their reputation. Too many flaws (such as pork cheek that was tough and cold when it should melt in your mouth,)
Ravenous Pig is just incredible. They have a new place, Cask and Larder, that is pretty good too but nothing can compare to the Pig. I ordered the squid paella the first time I went and, although it was pretty messy, it was incredible. The flavours were great, the service was great, and you can't go wrong with a side of truffle fries. The servers were very attentive but not overbearing. I'm always seated quickly, even if it's busy. I have to say that it is better for dinner than lunch though.
Definitely worth its reputation, been here twice and both times was very impressed with the service but most importantly the food! Do not be afraid of the size of the plates, they may look smaller than normal restaurant but they are filling, I promise!  The Ravenous Pig Old Fashion is a must, strong, deep flavored drink! If you go you must go for the full experience, drinks, apps, and dinner--I swear you will leave full, and have a new perspective on food.
FINALLY! I can finally say I've been to the Ravenous Pig. I saw a review done for this place by yelp-master Colleen a long time ago, and was always intrigued.  I was in the winter park area on business and was looking from the gps to the different properties lining the street (trying to find my destination) when I saw I was passing right by the Ravenous Pig.  I rubber necked, looking back in astonishment at what I'd stumbled across.  I made the mental note that when I was ready to leave the area, I would have to stop in for lunch. -Fast forward- I cross the two lanes of oncoming traffic and pull into the little driveway.  I expected to find a parking lot but I realized last minute that it is the valet area.  No point in being a cheap-o and trying to back out I guessed. It is complimentary after all.  The gentleman working valet was nice and was happy to finally see a manual transmission car in the sea of automatics he'd been parking.  That had me walking in the front door with a smile and I was instantly intercepted by a hostess. I told her I'd be sitting at the bar and she informed me I was more than welcome to.  I took my seat and at the time there was only one other person at the bar.  The room had a warm welcoming feel, and I attribute it to the brown wooden colors and the smiling faces.  I was given a menu by the bartender and ultimately selected the Oyster and Shrimp Po'boy,fries and a Pint of Lost Coast Ale.  My eyes wandered around while I sipped my Ale, taking in my surroundings.There is a chalkboard on the wall noting the various Ales they have on tap as well as advertising the next pig roast.  There were 2 flat screen tvs in the top corner of the bar area, so I was able to catch up on my sports center.  My presence at the time lent the most diversity to the room aside from one of the bartenders.  Before I knew it my food came out and I was MORE than content.  The Po Boy tasted fresh and hot, second only to my Po'Boy experience in N.O.L.A . The fries were fresh, and crispy and complimented the Po'Boy well.  Add the Ale and you have yourself a delicious lunch.  The bartenders were attentive and even asked what type of napkin I would like based on the fact that I was in business attire for work.  I find little things like that to be telling.  I made sure that since I didn't have any cash that I added the tip for the valet to my card and got it back in cash.  Good thing I did, because when I went to retrieve my car, the valet attendant took OFF! The man was moving like Usain Bolt!  Before I knew it my car was in front of me and I was off!  The Ravenous Pig did not disappoint in any way.  I came in not knowing what to expect and was pleasantly surprised.  Can you say Clean bathrooms?  I give the Ravenous Pig 5 stars for making my day and giving me a reason to come back.  The next time you find yourself "ravenous" you know where to go, but don't let the name fool you because this place is no pigsty!
I've come to the Ravenous Pig twice now (for lunch and dinner) and have enjoyed both times. The first time I started my meal with the gin and jam cocktail- delicious. Not too sweet and a little tangy but with a really cool texture from the jam. My favorite food item had to be the gatherer salad. My friend and I ordered the large portion to share and it is in fact pretty large, it could probably be shared by 3 people. It was loaded with avocado, beets, pistachios, radishes, goat cheese and tossed with a light vinaigrette. It was so fresh and light I wanted to be greedy and hog it all to myself. My friend and I also shared the pork porterhouse which was also pretty amazing. It was definitely big enough to share. I'm not a pork fan but this won me over. I also liked the melon salad/pesto sauce combo it came with. I also recommend their biscuits. Enjoy your gem Orlando, I'll be back again!
I know I'm 47 reviews late, but my experience was so great I have to Yelp about it. We were seated quickly by a very friendly hostess, good start. The actual restaurant itself is decorated quite nice. I love the bare bulb lamps they have hanging about that remind me of old vacuum tubes. They play nicely off the ceiling tiles. We ordered a couple of beers to start, a Brooklyn lager and a Lagunitas Czech pils, mmm. We started with the shrimp and grits appetizer and I have to say I've never had more perfectly cooked shrimp in my life. They were tender and just barely pink. Now I have to admit I hate grits, but something told me to order this anyway and I was not disappointed. I loved the way they were prepared in this dish. Will I try them at Denny's now? Hell no. But the chefs here know what they're doing with grits. While we waited for our entrées we snacked on the gruyere biscuits with smoked sea salt butter. Drooool. A bit dense, but good. They could work the dough a little less for a fluffier biscuit, but they're very good. (and for $4, go for it!) Here's the kicker, a man who appeared to be a manager, stepped over to the table and informed us that the chef had over cooked my husband's steak and was not pleased with it, so he was not going to send it to the table. Ok, I thought. Nice of them to make sure it's done right, so they compensated our time with another small snack while they re-cooked it. He brought us these breaded and fried balls of risotto mixed with their house prosciutto, chopped oysters and sweet little green peas with a side of sun dried tomato aioli. Holy crap. That made up for the, what, 10 minutes we had to wait? Thank you! Then for the actual meal itself, I chose the smoked duck breast with pepper relish and succotash. I can't tell you how bad my father ruined succotash for me with the garbage in a can he used to serve when I was a child, so I was reluctant to order this, but oh man am I glad I did. The duck was cooked perfectly, and I mean perfectly medium, juicy, crispy skin, smoky flavor, and the pepper relish complimented it in a way that was nearly sinful. My husband's rib eye, now cooked properly was fork tender, juicy, melt in your mouth, this is painful for me to write... It was served with a small terrine of lobster mac and cheese. Yeah you heard me. Tender pieces of lobster amid beautiful creamy mac and cheese with a crumbly crispy topping baked on, hold on while I wipe these tears.. After we finished as much of our meals as we could before completely hating ourselves they brought us a couple fresh pistachio marshmallows. Now I'd been pondering making my own marshmallows at home for a while now, and this made up my mind. I'm inspired. Here's where it all goes awesome. Since they over-cooked the first steak and were just going to throw it away, they boxed it up and GAVE it to us to bring home. To make steak and eggs or whatever tomorrow morning. How cool is that?!? No wasted animals here! We brought that sucker right over to our friend who loves his steak cooked that way. I should have brought him a fresh pair of pants too. Will I go back? Hell yes. Will I order the same thing again? You betcha, after I try everything else. Looking around at other tables left me craving more. I didn't see anything mediocre. This has to be one of the best places to eat in Orlando. The service, the food, the ambiance, the whole evening was just superb. If you haven't gone yet, get your ass up off the couch and go. Go! This is the one time I've looked at my bill and said to myself "Ok, that's fair for what I've received". Worth it!
So disappointing. I have been wanting to try the Ravenous Pig for months so we joined my best friend and his family for his birthday. They raved about the food and being a foodie,  I have heard of James and Julie Petrakis so I was excited. Started with the house specialty Old Fashioned. It had bacon, whiskey and maple syrup and since I have previously vowed to never turn that combination down, I ordered it. While it wasn't as unique tasting as I had expected, it was tasty enough. GF got the Cat's Pajamas which was a rum concoction and was pretty good (pretty sweet but that might just be me). We decided to start with Gruyere biscuits. I had a pasta dish with rabbit confit. GF had the lasagna. Under normal circumstances, I would have ordered the venison or Pork Porterhouse but I suspected my friend's dad would insist on paying (he did) and didn't want to overdo it. The biscuits were good but but lacked any cheesiness or even cheese flavor (maybe a touch of cheese but that is pushing it since the only indication I had that cheese was present was that maybe the texture was creamier). I enjoyed them but didn't meet expectations. My dish had great-tasting pasta and the sauce was light and truffle-ly but very bland. I think it had apricots but they didn't add much and the rabbit tasted like canned tuna fish. GF's lasagna was a different take on traditional lasagna with the noodles cooked, toasted and used kinda like a bowl with the filling in the middle. It tasted good, but it wasn't great. Other dishes around the table included the snack board, the burger, pretzel appetizer and the scallop appetizer. The entire table felt very underwhelmed and caused those who raved earlier to actually apologize for recommending it. Service was decent as the server wasn't friendly and just kind of did his job. We excitingly asked for a recommendation between a few drinks and he said he hadn't tried most of them and only offered suggestions on whiskey leaving the girls (rum drinkers) to order from the menu. I expect a little more at a restaurant like this; you don't need to drink the entire bar or be a juggling trapeze act but you should act like you want to be there and have a small of variety of suggestions. I refuse to believe that all of Orlando is wrong about this place. Maybe we just showed up on a bad night but I expected WAAYYY more on my first visit. We will give this place one more shot and I hope I get a taste of what everyone else has experienced.
This is the way eating was meant to be! When compared to your typical Friday night restaurant, The Ravenous Pig goes above and beyond in food, service, and atmosphere.   A friend and I visited TRP last weekend in the middle of the never-ending rain and with harsh weather and all, there was still a moderate buzz of people, which surprised me.  But now I totally get it.  The service was outstanding and the knowledge of food and wine from Brandon, our server, was very much appreciated and helped with our decision making, especially for the lovely wine.  We ordered the Gruyere biscuits to start and two orders of the venison for our entrees.  The biscuits were warm and melted along with the sea salt butter on our tongues.  These biscuits also had a slight bite at the end which was nice.  The wine Brandon suggested was the Carmichael "Sur la Pont" Syrah, a red wine that was bold, but not too sweet or dry, perfect combination for our meal.  (Note: I found that it was a much better deal to buy the bottle then to buy by the glass.  Not all bottles are offered by the glass, but if they are they are a quarter of the full bottle price.) Now, the main event, the venison.  I ordered my entree medium and it came out tender and so lovely.  It was served alongside a fig and chanterelle mushroom salad with a pine nut puree decorating the plate and adding a perfect combination of flavor with the venison and fresh figs.  Though a more "gamey" thought of meat, the flavor was very light and I can't get over how tender! After entrees, we were both pleasantly satiated with wine and food, but we couldn't resist the dessert menu!  We opted to share the bread pudding with nutella ice cream, and although we didn't find the ice cream to be that impressive, the warm decadence of the bread pudding with rich chocolate and fresh hazelnuts inside was the perfect ending along with our last glass of wine. The Ravenous Pig has been the best restaurant I've been to in Orlando.  I can't wait until I have another occasion to visit this amazing place!
My two friends and I celebrate our birthdays with a restaurant of our choice.  I heard so much about The Ravenous Pig that I convinced them to go although it is out of our way.  This restaurant did not live up to our expectations and am wondering about the people who gave it 5 stars.  We tried the Pork Belly "starter" (which I was hesitant about because of the name and it sounded very fatty).  By itself it probably wouldn't have any flavor but it was "jazzed" up with the bourbon glaze, pistachio butter and cherry vinella jam. I must say it was "different".  We ordered the Gruyere Biscuits and they were very tasty.  My friends thought the menu was rather pricey and ordered the Pub Burger with truffle fries...very ordinary and they didn't care for it.  I tried the Steak Frites which was very tender and tasty but the fries were just that..fries.  Not exceptional.  The best part were the desserts...I had the Bread Pudding which was complementary (Thank you) and my friend ordered the cheesecake, both were delicious.  Make sure if you GPS this restaurant, you put in Winter Park as I got lost when I put it in Orlando and entered same address.  It was nice to have valet service but I expected more ambiance in the restaurant.  Sorry to put it down for 3 stars but we have had many more exceptional dinners during the past seven years.
YES!! I finally get to write a fresh Ravenous Pig review! It's been too long since I've had a chance to go there (I blame a cold spell in the ol' dating life.) Owned and operated by a couple of my fellow Culinary Institute of America alumni, I love coming to this popular venue and diving into their unique and flavorful dishes. Seasonal menu, fresh ingredients, everything made in house and a comfortable atmosphere! What more do you need? Sadly enough, places like this are sort of a rarity in Orlando. If you don't buy into the reviews or the hype on this, try to go there and get a table without a reservation. Most times, you'll find yourself waiting a long while cuz this place always seems to be hoppin'. And rightfully so. The main factor that attracts me to this place is that the focus is on the food. Don't get me wrong, the entire experience is professionally executed but this restaurant doesn't seem to strive to overly pretentious. The ambiance is warm and inviting and has a comfortable feel and the servers give good recommendations and menu descriptions without overkilling with information overload. But enough about the fluff, let me tell ya about the food! Started it off with House-made Gruyere biscuits and PEI Mussels with truffle fries ad needless to say.......yum! The biscuits were just alright (I needed something to munch on while we waited for someone) but I really enjoyed the mussels. They were cooked just right and the broth with fennel was a wonderful combination of flavors with no particular ingredient overpowering the dish. In general, I've been striving to eat healthier and lighter meals, but when I saw a farm-raised pig cassoulet with garlic sausage on the menu, I had to go for it! It wasn't a disappointment as the dish exhibited great fresh flavors which came together as a great winter time comfort food dish. Grilled pork and sausage served on top of a smokey bean, bacon and pork cassoulet. Delish! A really good beer, an app and entree ran me about $46 which really isn't overpriced for the quality that was presented. Just another reason why I enjoy this place: they don't kill your wallet for the experience. One of my favorite restaurants in town and TRP is always on my recommends list.
I love this place we went on Saturday for the pig roast and as always it was awesome It's hard for me not to get a burger , I love pig but you have to try a burger some time . And the beer selection is good to .
I was not looking forward to a business trip to Orlando, as I have typically had horrible food.  I was so happy to have a rental car to be able to get away from the Disney area over to Winter Park.  They are doing really great food here - well above expectations for the Orlando area.  The charcuterie plate, Gruyere biscuits, and bacon old fashioned were excellent.  The pork porterhouse was good, but was a leaner cut than I was expecting.  The only downside was that our server poured a glass of champagne that was clearly flat, and then made a stink and tried to tell me that it had enough bubbles.  Thankfully, I was with a crew of wine experts that didn't let him get away with that (it's $16/glass), so they insisted on getting a fresh glass - which was quite bubbly!  So his attitude was a bit distracting, but the food was great.
I've been here too many times to count and try to go back at least once a month (thats how often the menu changes). I've also hit a variety of their services including dinner, lunch, weekend roast, and even their cook book release party. Start with the drinks and order a cocktail. Just like the food these change with the season and complement the meals wonderfully. The ingredients are fresh and fancy and it shows. Occasionally I don't know what some of the ingredients even are as I'm sure you won't but just order it anyway. I've never been disappointed. The beer selection is small but diverse and includes beer from Cask and Larder (the sister restaurant) down the road. The food is universally fantastic. I've never had the menu staple entrees (Steak Frites, Pub Burger) mostly because the rest of the menu is always just so good. Granted many of the other items can get a little crazy for someone with choosier tastes which I think is why these items stay but they are always delicious.   My only complaint about this place is that sometimes they make meals that are so good, you miss them when they're gone forever.
I had heard so much about this place from foodies ... in fact, the chefs (husband & wife team of James & Julie Petrakis) here are considered some of the best and most innovative in Orlando by their own peers! Of course, I was a little concerned that I might have gotten set up for disappointment. But disappointed I was NOT! I met a group of others here for a business lunch. We started out with the house-made pretzels & spread (mustard and fondue), which was much more flavorful than I had anticipated. The pretzels were warm and the spreads added to that salty yumminess. As for my main dish, I was in a serious dilemma as to whether to choose the lobster tacos -- which were a limited-time item and I had previously scoped them out on the online menu & wanted to taste -- or the $13 shrimp and grits. Finally I went with the shrimp & grits and it was beyond delicious! The grits were creamy, the shrimp was perfectly done and I loved the addition of the green tomato chutney and flavored oil. Not sure exactly what kind of oil, but it really complemented the dish. I was only slightly regretting not ordering the lobster tacos -- two others at our table got them and said they were phenomenal! And now I'm feeling a bit worse about it because they're not on the November menu! However, I can't be mad with my decision since it was crazy good!! I know there are some who aren't pleased with the non-pubbiness of this gastropub. However, it has grown into one of Orlando's elite eateries. Think New York or San Fran quality stuff. I believe we're pretty fortunate to have something of this quality close to home!
I impulsively started off with the pretzel appetizer. I just couldn't resist the temptation to order ballpark food in this swanky little Winter Park restaurant. The dish consisted of two freshly baked pretzels and two dipping sauces. The pretzels came out warm, lightly salted, slightly crispy on the outside and slightly stretchy on the inside. Couple that with my craft beer and I was in ballpark food heaven. For the main course I had the pork porterhouse. It was fantastic. Given the reviews I read, I expected the pork to be tasty but what surprised me most was the bread pudding. It was light and airy yet a little hearty with sweet caramelized nuts topping it off. I finished the night with an eggnog brulee which was expectedly tasty. The biggest con for me was parking but if you are dining in Winter Park you know what you are in for there.
Okay, I feel very confused. Besides having been to and loved the NYC inspiration for this restaurant, The Spotted Pig, and reading/hearing rave reviews here and in the Sentinel, I just can't jump on the bandwagon. I tried SO HARD to love it but me and my dining parter were both very disappointed. I am going to rate it based on this experience, but I am anxious to go back and have a great meal  so I can give more stars. I truly believe based on my experience and the reviews that others give that the case with this restaurant is that people are rating it based on its aspirations as opposed to where it actually is at this point. Sadly this tends to happen in Orlando due to our lack of fine/unique dining. If you browse through the reviews that have 3 or less stars, you will notice some recurring complaints: overly salty, too oily/fatty, pretentious but not quite cutting it. I found all of this to be true. I ordered a bloody mary while waiting for our table, and they said that the mix was made in-house. I am a bloody mary fanatic and this was very weird tasting :( It seemed like they did too much too it- it was super super thick to the point that I could taste puréed particles going into my mouth and the primary taste was not tomato juice- it was very bitter, bold, and meaty- tasting so I guess maybe worcestershire sauce...? I sent it back with the intention of ordering another of their cocktails but in the end I was afraid of something else being equally "creative". The pickled veggies that came with it were very tasty though- I could have just eaten a glass full of those with some vodka on them :) We began the meal with the much-beloved gruyere biscuits, which were pretty good but eerily similar to the biscuits I ate at red lobster as a child. But you can definitely distinguish the taste of gruyere so if you are a fan of that cheese like I am, they're a total treat! The butter (I think it was truffle butter) that came with them was too salty. Next we got the pork belly appetizer, which I believe was $13. Let me just say that I am obsessed with pork belly and order it/ cook it whenever possible... It is a close relative of bacon and therefore I love it/want to marry it. This pork belly was much less crispy and more fatty than is generally considered to be delicious. I believe that it was a contributing factor to both of our persistent nauseous feelings for the remainder of the night. That being said, the sauce on it and the grape/ cucumber mixture on the top was delicious and had the belly been more crispy would have perfectly balanced the richness and fattiness. As it was, I still plowed through 3/4 of the dish because still... It's pork belly :) For entrees we ordered the steak frites, a flat iron steak with the restaurant's signature fries served in a beer glass, and the sheep's milk ricotta gnudi. This is where everything pretty much fell apart and we were left staring at each other in complete embarrassment at being "those people" that send everything back.... I will say that I found the steak to be perfectly fine, nothing fabulous but then again it's just a flat iron steak... But it came out undercooked and even after they brought it back after searing it more, it was just slightly rubbery. I would've just eaten it and not said anything, but it ended up being sent back. I concur with the many people who have said that the fries are good but waaayyyy too salty. I have no idea why they would put so much salt, a chef should know the difference between deliberate saltiness that lends itself to the dish and just plain too much... The gnudi dish was so so disappointing- totally ruined by greasiness. The gnudi themselves were what was greasy- the waitress said that they were "lightly seared, not deep fried...", but they definitely looked/tasted deep fried. The oil or butter totally took over what seemed like it would've been a very pleasant ricotta flavor had the pasta been more delicately prepared. The sauce in the dish was extremely good- again, overly salty, but not so much that the sauce was ruined. It was rich, earthy, and buttery and had morrell mushrooms, corn, and onions and was just delicious. I tried to drench the gnudi in this but in the end I could not even eat an entire one out of the three on the plate and ended up sending that back as well :(   As far as those complaining about the staff and the pricing, I believe that they were both what you would/should expect at a restaurant of this caliber. Because despite them obviously being a little below the bar that they set for themselves, they are still better than 98% of restaurants in Winter Park. The ingredients are fresh and superior tasting and the concept is something new to this area- which is refreshing! Can't wait to give it another try.
This is the second time I've been here and I didn't think the food was that good. I got the gazpacho (ok- not very good) The charcuterie plate was delicious last time but this time there weren't any fruits and it wasn't that appetizing. Pork belly - recommended by the waiter. My sister really liked it but I wasn't that fond. The peach salad was tasty though. As were the shrimp and grits. The ginger cocktail was not good. Good friendly service though!
The food was very tasty and server was pleasant, but I was disappointed with the prices. Portions were smaller and the dinner came out slow. I'd rather give 3.5 stars rather than 3 stars but I didn't think 4 stars were good enough. If you want a place to go on a date and you are trying to impress, the artsy fartsy food will do it. If you are pinching pennies, this is not the place to go. Also, this is not a family restaurant for smaller kids. It really has a limited menu made for a more mature audience. During rush hours, don't expect a table quickly. You better make reservations.
Highlights: -Complimentary valet parking! -Our valet was Andy who was friendly and efficient   Decor: 4/5 -the ambiance can suit any occasion, whether it be a date, family-oriented or just with friends -attire is casual Service: 4/5 -We had a reservation and were seated within 2 minutes -Our server is Mason whom was friendly, talkative and not pushy -Mason also gave us complimentary pieces of dessert Food: 4.5/5 -House-made Soft Pretzels ($7) came with 2 -Red Snapper ($25) was not expected in terms of portion size. I was expecting a whole snapper but this price point but no complaints about the fish itself which was yummy. Cooked just right, it was juicy and well flavored. (4.5/5) -Pork Porterhouse ($29) is a 20oz brined slab of protein that's a generous 1.5-2" thick cut. The saltiness was just a big on the salty side but overall the meat was tender and juicy. The hammock hollow dragon beans were in a tomato-pickled sauce which was surprisingly good! (4.5/5)
I never would have come here because I'm a vegetarian but friends from out of town wanted to try it out based on the reviews.  Reservations recommended.  We were seated right away.  Waiter was great but the kitchen was very slow. Not sure if it was related to their computers going down or not having enough Chefs. Every dish I saw out of the kitchen looked amazing. Great presentation.  Everyone at our table loved their meal.  I stuck with French press coffee and desert since their few vegetarian options were not appealing to me.  They use a lot of pickled beets and such in their salads and I'm more of a fresh salad type of girl. The coffee was great and the desert I got (Pot de Creme - Butterscotch) was out of this world. I'd come back just for the coffee and desserts but doubtful for dinner unless they improve their vegetarian options. But to be fair, if I ate meat they would get 4 stars. If the food came out faster and they had better veggie options they'd get 5 stars.
Headline: Rich, hearty delicious fare Came for dinner after seeing this restaurant pop up on many best of lists. What: Charcuterie platter: full of artisan cheeses and delightful deli meats, pate, and pickles.  The best part was a some sort of spread, which when described was apparently pig stewed with fat (I'm not doing the description justice) topped with some caramelized apple perhaps.. Gruyere biscuits: made from scratch with gruyere spread that had the consistency of butter...mmm Porterhouse pork: well seasoned, and I was surprised at how juicy it was despite being well done, with a side of delectable potatoes Farmers salad: the best part was the bacon actually Menu changes monthly according to the season.   Lived up to the hype
Our CIA-student son has raved about Ravenous Pig, so we finally made the drive to enjoy Saturday dinner at the Pig.  My husband and I shared all the plates, from the gruyere biscuits, the charcuterie platter (party in my mouth!), the duck breast over fresh veggie succotash (my spoon kept digging in and finding more flavors!), and finishing with the panzanella salad.  The menu changes, but I can assure you that the ingredients will be sustainable, fresh, largely local and VERY flavorful!  We'll make the drive again and again.
I rarely write reviews good or bad, but I feel this deserve one. Had my shrimp tacos. To say they were horrible would be understatement! The tacos were dry and tasted like paper. Shrimp was so deep fried and tasteless that I wasn't sure if there was shrimp in there all. Other ingredients such as avocado coleslaw etc were nowhere to be found. Disappointment!
Always delicious. Always amazing.
I travel all over the country and world, so I never - ever - pass out 5 stars in reviews (although I only recently started Yelp reviews).  RP gets my first 5-star. Pros:  You expect remarkable taste and edgy food design from a 4/5$ restaurant, and RP delivers. PROs: Success in experimentation with common dishes, making them unique Portions appropriate - enough to be paired with an appetizer and share/save for later. Very fresh ingredients. CONs: None that I could find. My "high lunch" included the bacon-infused old fashioned, Gruyere biscuits, charcuterie, cheese and steak frites.  If you don't know fine liquors, you might not realize how great they make an old fashioned. The biscuits have a light cheese taste; the charcuterie, with its strongly scented salamis and cheese, will soon overpower them.  (So order appropriately.)  My son ordered the pulled pork and pronounced it the best he'd ever had.  My steak was cooked to perfection (medium rare); the brazed edges designed to spice up, but not overpower, the exceptional beef.  It is served with a hollandaise which can change up the tastes.  The thinly-cut potato fries are spiced with truffle, which added an amazing after-punch to each morsel.  Vinegar softened them, but ketchup seemed criminal.  I was full before I finished the steak, but managed to grow a food-baby. Interestingly, my wife thought the the salad at Le Bistro (nearby) was better, but even she - who never finishes a meal - had a clear plate! So what to order?  I recommend you order the based on personal preference, of course!  Light and subtle tastes: Gruyere biscuits and pulled pork.  Full and tongue-awakening: Charcuterie and Steak frites. Ravenous Pig will be a "must do" dining location for the remainder of my son's tenure at college!.
a "gastropub" is supposed to combine a pubhouse with high quality food or at least upscale gastronomy selections.  this restaurant achieves that goal.  atmosphere nice, menu selections interesting, prices may be higher for orlando (where $8 gets u a complete buffet meal) but i enjoyed it. moules frites -- very good beer steamed mussels, fresh, nice flavor pork terrine -- excellent! lobster pierogi -- ok, but a little salty quail and sausage -- a bit sour, esp. the polenta soaked in the sauce white ale -- nice with the meal fyi, make sure to type in the address in a GPS as winter park and not orlando...
Went to try out Ravenous Pig for the first time for dinner last Friday night with the bf. I've heard a lot of good things, so we decided to check it out. No reservations were made, but they sat us right away. Warm atmosphere,dim lighting. Everyone seems to be there to relax after a long work week. We first tried the Gruyere Biscuits with smoked sea salt butter...AMAZING! If you've ever had Red Lobster biscuits...this one blows them out of the water...and only for $4...it was the cheaper choice of the appetizers but they don't skimp on flavor The bf ordered Steak Frites, which consisted of "porcini marinated ridgefield farm flat-iron steak, truffle fries, garlic aioli". His steak was flavorful and cooked well. The garlic aioli tasted great. The truffle fries were cut very thin...truffle oil was very evident...which I loved, but they were a little heavy on the salt. I had the Gatherer salad, which consisted of "baby lettuces, avocado, pickled beets, radish, goat cheese, pistachios, herb vinaigrette". At first, the salad tasted delicious, but as I dug deeper into it...I noticed that the herb vinaigrette was WAY too salty. I'm sure the pistachios didn't help either. The only relief from the saltiness was the pickled beets, but the salt still overpowered the whole salad. The salt content in this salad left my lips chapped...like after swimming in the ocean too long. The waiter was good, although he forgot my straw like twice...and was a little slow on the water refill...but he did give us complementary peanut butter fudge squares at the end of the meal...which was like gold to me after my salty salad. Overall, I liked the place, the atmosphere, and the bf's steak, but ease up on the salt. I would not recommend any of my CHF patients to go there because the salt content alone will kill them.
I have been here 3 times, and each time I was so impressed. Great wine list, interesting appetizers and main courses. If you go you must try the Muscles, they are amazing. The Lobster tacos were delish, as well as the burgers. French fries have a truffle drizzle which makes something as every-day as a french fry taste totally unique. This place is pricey, but you can get the burgers and be in decent shape. It is still worth the price. YUM
This place has a buzz about it.  Saw several folk we know when dining there.  Better make reservations or be prepared to sit at the bar. The menu is a twist on Southern fare.  It is good, but sometimes can be difficult to make a decision;  and my mother is from Alabama and I've been fed Southern food all my life.  Not sure what Yankees do when looking over the menu. Frankly, the food is good but I'm not sure what all the excitement is about.  While not disappointed, I was not thrilled and looking forward or planning my next visit either. Worth a try.  Just not sure what all the fuss is about.
I definitely recommend The Ravenous Pig. Excellent cuisine, superb cocktail list (one of the best old fashioneds in town) and convenient location in Winter Park. Make sure to make reservations a couple weeks in advance or scout out a spot at the bar. You won't be disappointed.
Been coming here since they opened; I've never had a bad meal and the menu doesn't stay the same for long. Pig roasts offer a great opportunity to come in and enjoy a great meal here for a fraction of what it normally cost. First Sat. of each month... And a discount for coming in wearing your RP shirt!
Time to find a new favorite restaurant. The past few times we've dined at The Pig we have noticed the portions getting smaller. I'm sad to say that Saturday night's dinner will be our last for quite a while. While the service was excellent & the quality of the food was great their portion sizes have decreased to the extent that it is no longer a value. We were a group of 4 people -our bill was $250 and we left the restaurant slightly hungry. The charcuterie plate, my favorite dish, has been reduced to such a sad portion size & variety that it is definitely not worth the $17 price tag. Once upon a time you could be assured of getting 5 or 6 different types of house made sausages, an assortment of 3-5 kinds of pickled vegetables and a couple of nice cheese wedges. Although the cheese portion was roughly the same as before we only received 4 kinds of sausage and of those there were only 4  translucent, paper thin slices. The pickled vegetables were a joke- 3 slices of cucumber & 1/2 a small tomato. The only thing they increased was an additional slice of lardo, I assume to make up for the fact that they're cheating on the other portions. There is actually a picture of what the charcuterie plate used to look like on this site. Sad to say that it just isn't worth the $$ anymore. My husband ordered the Lamb Mezza which consisted of a small poorly constructed stuffed grape leaf, a small lamb meatball and an octopus tentacle. This presentation would be one thing if we were in a white table cloth Manhattan restauraunt but The Pig is supposed to be a gastropub. Couldn't they at least dish out an additional meatball?? All in all I'm still carrying my disappointment around on my sleeve since I'm taking the time to write this review 2 days later. Time to move on & find a new favorite place to dine. I'm sure we'll go back and give The Pig another chance someday but it won't be for a long, long time.
my colleague and i went to the ravenous pig for lunch and both really enjoyed the food. it was really nice to be able to sit outside, but the inside of the restaurant also had a relaxed, modern vibe that was very pleasant. we started with the charcuterie plate, which came with pork rilette, terrine, fried head cheese, caramelized fennel, pickles, a hard sheep's cheese, brown mustard, and toasted bread. the rillette was one of my favorite parts, with a varied texture (not ground to a paste) and taste due to the addition of either capers or bits of olive, and was topped with mustard seeds. the terrine was not as flavorful, but had a really nice relish topping that complemented it well. the fried head cheese was a really interesting, tasty morsel, since it was extremely fatty and creamy but surrounded by the crunchy fried exterior. the waiter explained the whole cooking process for the head cheese, and it was nice to get the extra insight. the pickle cucumbers tasted homemade. we each wanted the famer's salad topped with mahi, and the waiter strongly warned us against getting the large. however, i am glad that we persisted, since we each manage to almost finish our respective salads. it was a large bowl of mixed greens, topped with pistachios, very fresh goat cheese, thinly sliced beets, avocado, and the optional mahi (or chicken or steak). my colleague was missing her avocaod, but the waiter quickly brought out a side for her. i thought the mahi was delicious, it had a great grilled flavor and very moist center. i would definitely return to the ravenous pig, and would love to be there at a time when it would be appropriate for a few cocktails... 12 PM between business meetings did not allow me to imbibe. the food was great, the wait staff was friendly, and there were many interesting menu options.
Went to ravenous pig last night and was somewhat intimidated walking in. Diners were dressed in dress tops and slacks while I was wearing "theme park wear." We were greeted at the front stating there was only room at the bar since all tables were reserved. Make sure you make reservations if you want to sit quickly. Food and drinks were delicious and service was great. We had the short rib and steak. It was amazing! Definitely will be going back next time I'm in orlando!
Forget hugging the oversized freaky animals in mouseland...the people to be hugging are the owners of this fine establishment that is the saving grace to making conference trips to Orlando. Home cured meats, outstanding charcuterie, fresh seafood and dishes that pay homage to our porcine cousins (yes yes..cousins) and you have the Ravenous Pig.  On the first visit I was blown away by a fabulous rillette and a vindaloo salami which was so flavorful that I could imagine being in Goa as that thinly sliced morsel slowly dissolved in my mouth infusing my palette with cinnamon, mustard, clove, curry leaves, a touch of heat and tangy tartness!  If this was not enough, I have shrimp and grits to rival stuff I have had in Charleston, followed by oysters on the half shell with a yuzu habanero gelee and a classic mignonette that was the perfect enhancement to the oysters. Subsequent visits have always included the divine charcuterie that changes every time, a charred Octopus that was so perfectly cooked that my dining companions who had turned up their nose at it devoured it and we had to order another! (picture tender octopus with bits of char that adds a smokey touch to this perfect octopod) and a pork chop that came close to the fabulous one I had at Au Pied du Cochon in Montreal.  To cap all this they have an outstanding beer and wine list. If you happen to be within 100 miles of this place...go!!   **No pictures to share....everything was eaten before the thought of a picture entered my feeble brain
Yay for Magical Dining Month! I've been wanting to try The Ravenous Pig for a while now, and the prix fixe menu was just the excuse I needed to get my husband to go along.   I would describe TRP as a haute-casual restaurant, a blend of relaxed ambiance and high-end food.  The waiters wear jeans instead of tuxes, but the service and food are every bit as good as a "fine dining" joint.  However, as much as I'd like to rave about how wonderful our meal was, I'd have to describe our experience as "mixed".  My appetizer, the shrimp and grits, was far and away the best dish I've ever tasted.  Sumptuous and creamy, every ingredient went perfectly together.  (Seriously, if you eat here, order it.)  But my husband's, the gatherer salad, was heavily dressed with a strong vinaigrette, and he didn't eat much.  My husband's entree was grouper, and it was quite tasty.  Mine was guinea hen, ground dark meat wrapped in a breast with the skin on and doused in lemon oil.  The fattiness of the skin and the overwhelming lemon oil left me less than impressed.  On top of that, my side of heirloom ratatouille was... strangely meaty.  But then both of our desserts were quite good.  And the wine our waiter suggested went very nicely with my meal.   Overall I'm glad we went.  The prix fixe menu made it easier to deal with a less-than-wonderful dish as the cost of the meal was about as much as I would have paid just for the entree.  I'll definitely be back, and I'm hopeful my next visit will be 5 stars instead of 4.  But next time I'll be asking for a bit more detail on the menu before I order.
Excuse me, did someone say "bacon?" When you walk in the door. Head for the bar. Order a Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned: bacon infused Buffalo Trace bourbon, vanilla maple syrup, and Angostura orange. Take a few sips. Look around. Maybe head to a table after inviting a friend to join you. Because you're going to need help eating all that you'll order. It's all very very good. Country Fried Veal Sweetbreads. House-made Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese platter. (Although I do wish those cheeses were stateside choices. We're doing some fabulous cheeses in the USA these days.) The Farmer salad and The Gatherer salad are both favorites of mine. It's spring...and that means...RAMPS! Order the Spring Carbonara. Do it. You'll thank me. The Pub Burger is a solid choice for anyone needing a fancy twist on an old favorite. Florida Grouper is just so good right now and it's available, which is touch and go some years. Order it if only for the fresh Zellwood corn and Anson Mills hush puppies. Go here. Be excellently served. Eat well. Spread the news.
I may upset my fellow foodies with this review, but here goes. The word gastropub evokes wonderful imagery.  So, the idea of Ravenous Pig is great!  Is it wrong that i think it is just meh?  Don't get me wrong the food is good, just not AMAZING, which is what it should be.  The menu reads well, but somehow the ideas are not fully realized when the food is delivered.  I think there is such a thing as being too avant garde for your own good, because it usually gets all mucked up in the end. Take for example my last visit:  I ordered a pork cheek ravioli with clams and herbs.  The dish arrived with maybe 4 clams, and 6 small ravioli in a salty, tomatoey broth.  The clams were cooked fine.  The ravioli had not a hint of pork cheek flavor to them; no smokiness, no crispness. And while I was not thoroughly disappointed with the meal, the portion was so small I was still hungry. With all the amazing reviews, Ravenous Pig (at least for me) did not live up to my expectations. Do i set the bar too high?
Stopped by with a friend for dinner on a Tuesday night. I was excited about this place because this was my first time going to a gastropub. Had gruyere biscuits, which were flaky, and just the right amount of cheese. My friend ordered the steak frites and I ordered the Potato Tortellini. My friend's steak was perfectly cooked and tasty but needed more seasoning.  His truffle fries were very thin and crunchy but had way too much salt. My potato tortellini was bland and forgettable.  The short rib that came with my tortellini, however, was fantastic.  It was very juicy and extremely tasty.  Presentation was poor, with my salad being heaped on top of half of my short rib such that I didn't realize I still had half my short rib until I was half done. For dessert I had the bread pudding, which was not mushy like many bread puddings can be.  It contained chocolate, cinnamon, and nuts.  The ice cream scoop went well, though it was a little small. The atmosphere was extremely loud (you have to shout to talk) and overly dark. Overall, I enjoyed my meal but I was hoping for a more relaxed atmosphere as well as more traditional dishes.  There were only one or two things on the menu that someone would be able to trace back to a traditional pub. I would definitely come back.
The Ravenous Pig is a small chef owned restaurant located in Winter Park, Orlando. Parking can be really tight on the curbs/streets, however they do offer free Valet parking (It's nice to tip though.) The exterior of the restaurant is very old-fashion styled, the building is made out of bricks and the glass windows were beautifully clean and elegant. The interior was just as lovely as the outside, adorned with exquisite lighting and decors, furnished with modest dining tables and chairs..the atmosphere of The Ravenous Pig was perfect. One tip if you plan on dining here, please make a reservation! My fellow friend reserved a table for 5 people, so our party was pretty much taken care of as far as seating goes. However, this place is always busy, even on a Monday night! If you don't make a reservation, you're looking at a high probability of waiting at least 30 mins before seating. The hostess was very nice and quick. If you're read through previous reviews, you have already been informed that the menu at RP chances weekly, and they strive to use fresh local ingredients that are in season. When I first sat down, I was looking at the menu and flipped to the back side thinking there was more platters to be offer! Silly me, it was just the wine menu. Speaking of wine, RP offers an abundance of wine/cocktail selections; all being priced by the glass. After looking over the menu for about 5 minutes, my boyfriend suggested to order a salad and a main entree to share. I will tell you yelps audience this, if you have ANY questions about ANY dish at all, do not be afraid to ask your server! Our server was Brett and he was so very helpful in all aspects. To get back to what I was saying.. I'm not much of a land-meat eater, so I opted for one of the fish highlighters of the week. As for the salad we went with Brett's recommendation. My boyfriend's friend was working as a chef, so he brought out a few starters for us as well, thank you man! :) Here is a break down of our dishes: Starters: ~ Crispy Pork Belly: Pretty small serving size if you're used to korea/japanese pork belly dishes haha. The outside of the pork was really crispy, not too salty. The subtle flavour of the succulent pork wasn't overpowered by the fava hummus at all. It was a pretty complex dish, I wasn't sure how to navigate through the pickled radish and the hazelnuts... Overall I liked the texture and flavour of the pork. But nothing beats korean crispy pork belly. ~The Tacos: Kind of reminded me of sweet coconut shrimp (again, going back to my asian roots.) The shrimp was slightly chewy with a bit of bit to it. The outside coating was glazed with a somewhat sweet sauce it seemed like it, which mellowed down the pungent cabbage slaw. It's on a white corn tortilla, and I know not a lot of people arent fond of corn tortillas unless they are fried, which these weren't. So, you might want to ask for a possible substitute. All in all, this was a pretty nice starter.(: Salad: ~ Zuckermann's Farm Asparagus: This is NOT a typical salad dish you would think you're getting. It's like 7 stalks of Asparagus wrapped in prosciutto with an almond side complimentary with some sort of sauce. When it came out, boyfriend and I kind of looked puzzled haha. We weren't quite sure how to eat this..ended up breaking apart the prosciutto and cutting the asparagus into bite size pieces. I think this dish was missing some fresh mozzarella..mmm. Anyways, the prosciutto was THINLY SLICED which is a YES in a my book. It was very salty, and complimented the sweet crisp asparagus perfectly. The almonds were delicious. I love me some good nuts.(:! The verdict? It was really fresh and vibrant, with lots of flavour, I don't think I could have ate the whole thing by myself though. The prosciutto to asparagus ratio was kind of off. Too much prosciutto. Main Dish: ~Grilled Canaveral Cobia: To put this aside and out of the way, I LOVE fish. My grandmother is the fish queen, and whenever I eat out, I pretty much find myself looking at fish. Having said that, RP's Cobia was pretty tasty. Maybe the shock of portion size haven't cease to gone down yet. For 27 dollars, the fish size was.. hold on hold on...let me pull out my asian math skills! Two 4X 2X1 fillets. Yes, that seems about right. On the side was a lentil salad, which please be careful when you eat...they get stuck on your teeth. The greens were fresh, as expected, but the fish..hm. It was a very simple grilled white fish, light and tender- yet still maintained a beautiful flake to it. Dessert: ~Peach,Chocolate,Coconut-Lime Sorbet: VERY DELICIOUS. All the flavours were clean,cut and fresh. ~Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp: It was pretty good.. All in all, RP is a GREAT place to dine out on a special date night or occasion. I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for a casual dining location, because of the pricing and serving size.. THANK YOU FOR JOINING ME THROUGH THIS LONG..VERY LONG REVIEW. I hope it helped s
For some reason, it has taken me about 5 years to finally make it to the Ravenous Pig.  So I was delighted to finally have a reason to go on a recent Saturday night.  Our table started with the famed handmade pretzels and beer-cheese sauce.  The pretzel was superb as was the whole grain mustard also served as an accompaniment.  Definitely worth trying, sharing, and devouring. I then opted for the Cobia which was cooked perfectly and served with delicious veggies and a bright red beet smear on my dish.  My fellow diners also raved about their dishes - the pork chop, the steak and their pub burger which makes it on the revolving menu monthly. And for dessert, our waiter wasn't kidding when he said their play on red velvet cake would knock our socks off.  Served as a parfait with homemade chocolate chip ice cream, this divine concoction was worth the extra calories and money. We had great service and a wonderful experience overall.  Although their food is eclectic, I look forward to going again and seeing what the talented chefs/owners have to offer.
The food is excellent.  Expertly prepared and presented.  I love that the menu changes periodically which encourages me to try something different.  Nice wait staff, the restaurant is nicely decorated and we didn't wait for a table.  We all had the baby back ribs in a slightly sweet mustard sauce with scallions and corn.  I highly recommend trying the pig tails for dessert...OMG!  Fabulous!
This place was a mixed bag.  It felt like gastropub meets a high end olive garden.  I think im spoiled from being in Chicago and the west coast spots.  Food was very good.  Apps were good.  Steak was great.  pasta was so so.   Service was way off.  Food took too long for a Thursday night.  Server didn't stop in to let us know how much longer or say sorry.  We did get a little nugget of peanut butter dessert cake which was delicious to try save it at the end...not sure if everyone gets that...still a little too late. Almost forgot.  We asked the server how the biscuits are and his exact words were, "They are kinda like bread but just a little bit better."  SOLD! NOT!
5 stars!!!
Great food in a city with limited options  for non chain food. The service was good but the use of products and menu mix allow this restaurant to stand above the rest in Orlando.
My husband and I ate hear for lunch due to the great reviews I saw on yelp, but we both did not think it was all that great.  As far as gastro pubs go we have definitely had better.  There was nothing wrong with the service and the food was OK.  My husband ordered the lobster tacos based on a previous review saying they were a must, however they were closer to a bust.  There was nothing special about them and he said that they were missing something.  They were just fried lobster in tortillas with a drizzle of avocado sauce.  I ordered the oyster and shrimp po'boy,  It was okay, but I expected and have had much better.  I would not recommend this place nor would I try it again.
My wife and I came here on a whim of a drive-by. Thank god we did. The food was amazing we even threw the idea around that we would definetly drive the 3 hours + to come back and eat here again. I had the whiskey drink with the candid bacon on top... OMG...!!!! The biscuits, oh my God the biscuits, don't leave here without having there biscuits. It would be a crime and you will hate yourself forever.The main courses, there is no way to actually describe the taste but we touched a bit of heaven while eating. The finale was the sweetened bread shaped twisted pigs tails for dessert with chocolate espresso sauce on the side. Word's can not describe the enjoyment one has while eating these... We will definetly back... Update: We tried coming back last week for lunch and little did we know they close down the kitchen at 2:00 p.m. We got there at 2:05 and they wouldnt sit us and they turned us away. That was very dissapointing. Such wonderful food but getting turned away left us with a bad taste in our mouth.
This is a place that does not know what it wants to be or maybe it does and it cannot execute. Start with the name. Ravenous pig could mean a hungry diner who eats copious amounts of food, but here portion sizes were controlled. If the thought was to pay homage to all things pork, where then were all the pork dishes? Still, it's a catchy name. The inside is nice, if not noisy. The restaurant is divided into a bar area and a seating area. The dark wood fits the image and the decor was well-conceived. The beer list was competent, but at a pub serving unique, craft beers, why include Brooklyn Lager as your lager choice? The wine list was fine and reasonably priced. Do not come here if you expect a multitude of wine choices or expense account wines. The pretzels were disastrous. When your attempt to replicate a NY or Philly soft pretzel tastes no better than those available in the freezer aisle, why bother. There was no spin on the classic soft pretzel and it failed miserably. The Tuna carpaccio fared no better. There were so many competing flavors that that the fresh fish drowned. And by competing flavors, I do not mean in a good way. The Fried Chicken was disappointing. First, why use a poussin (essentially a baby chicken) which has little meat and is impossible to eat. Second, the breading with a honey infusion was not flavorful. The honey at times drenched the breading causing it to lose its crunch. My friend had raves about his ribeye, but, alas, I did not sample it. Should have gone with the salmon. I rarely penalize for service, but here the waitress was so condescending and unhelpful, it hurt the experience. If I ask a question about an obscure ingredient feel free to explain other ingredients and treat  me as an underinformed diner, but when I do not lead with my chin, please do not condescend to explain the menu to me. And when I ask for an opinion, a recapitulation of the two dishes is not helpful. Chefs get too cute when assembling dishes with happening names, but flavor is king. This restaurant at the edges of the farm-to-table genre failed.
I really don't see what all the hype is about.  I've dined here once for lunch and it wasn't anything special and now for dinner and tried 3 appetizers and the grouper they had.  The best appetizer was the scallop and pork belly.  Very well done!  The rest weren't that great.  The grouper was very dry and overcooked.  The presentation is nice, the seating sucks.  Make reservations way in advance if you expect to get a seat upon walking in.  Otherwise, you're fighting everyone else for open seating in the bar area.  Not organized at all!   I prefer Luma over this place.  The ambiance and food is way better there.
Dined here with my family on Christmas Eve for lunch and had a fantastic experience. The gentleman at the valet was very nice. We made reservations thinking it would be very busy when we arrived we practically had the place to ourselves. The theme inside was very rustic. I really enjoyed the brown paper menus. I didn't care much for the cocktails so we ended up ordering a bottle of wine. I ordered the steak with the truffle fries and it was an excellent choice. The fries came in a pint glass you'd normally serve something like beer in. Very interesting plating. My mom and sister enjoyed the fish sandwich which they loved and my dad devoured his burger and fries. Everyone loved their meal. For dessert we had to order the pig tails beignets. The chocolate sauce on the side was the perfect touch. Our server was very attentive, friendly, and had some good suggestions. I can't wait to come back here for dinner!
I've been to Orlando several times and finally had the opportunity to try this place during my last visit. It seems waiting was the easy part. The hard part is this review... what can I say that hasn't already been said? Local, trendy and delicious on all accounts. I got a group of friends together and the experience was one of the best I've had in Orlando. I got there a little early so I sat at the bar and I mentioned that I'm a fan of the Old Fashioned. The bartender proceeded to point out "The Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned". What is that you ask? Well the difference between a regular Old Fashioned and this is one is like Clark Kent turned Superman. This super-powered old fashioned is bacon infused bourbon, vanilla maple syrup and angostura orange garnished with a piece of candied bacon. Suffice it to say, I will never ever ever forget that cocktail. It was clear that I was in for a treat once we got seated. The delectable items we ordered were: - Guyere Biscuits - Canaveral Octopus with english pea hummus, waterkist tomato, preserved lemon and black olive vinaigrette on ciabatta - Beef Carpaccio - Shrimp & Grits - Pork Porterhouse served with roasted potatoes, peach mostarda, peach-tea gastrique - Lamb Noisette which was a harissa rubbed, lamb sausage, yogurt fregola sarda, royal trumpets, apricot & hazelnut marmalade, lamb jus. Everything had Southern flare with an upscale twist and all the food that hit our table was devoured which is evidence enough. Not a single person from our table left unsatisfied. Overall, phenomenal service and food from start to finish. This is one of Orlando's culinary treasures and I hope to come back here on one of my next visits to Orlando.
By far my favorite restaurant in all of Orlando. Menu changes seasonally but there are a few standards you can get any time if you're not feeling adventurous. My favorite standard is the pork porterhouse. The best pork chop on the bone you'll ever have. If you like truffle, get the fries, they never over do the truffle oil, always just the right amount. All of the staff is friendly and I've never had a bad experience. Only cons, it can be a little pricey and they are sometimes so busy you have to make reservations 2-3 weeks in advance.
I saved the best for last. Ravenous Pig was the highlight of our week long dining experiences in Orlando. We were able to snag an 8PM reservation for Wednesday night when we tried on Sunday, although we originally planned on coming Thurs or Fri but couldn't get anything in the 6-8PM timeframes for those days - so make your reservations early! Our waiter was super friendly and good at explaining everything on the menu and told us not to hesitate to let him know if we didn't like anything. We never had that dilemma. Cocktail list - amazing. Everything is fresh and light - flavors meld together effortlessly and you don't need to worry about any one flavor overpowering the main spirit(s) or your drink being overly sweet. I had the It's Always Sunny which was very refreshing. We got the gruyere biscuits for the table - yum - everything a biscuit should be. I started with the Farmer's Salad with goat cheese, beets, and pistachios in an herb vinaigrette - small would have even been big enough to share! For my entree I got the steak frites - I knew I had to order it when I saw it was my favorite cut to cook at home- Flat Iron. And truffle fries? Sign me up. I get nervous ordering steak at non-steakhouses but I had nothing to worry about - it was nice and rare, just how I asked. Truffle fries were amazing, but slightly on the salty side. Didn't stop me from polishing them all off! Everyone else was as wild about their entrees as I was about mine. At this point we were stuffed but decided to share dessert because why not, we were on vacation/ We got the crisp and turtle tart. Both were delicious but the crisp stole the show with the tarragon ice cream. Trust me, it just worked!
Food is insanely amazing. Love that the menu changes with the season.  The only downfall with this place is it is closed Sunday and Monday. :/
You will not be disappointed! Definitely make a reservation or be prepared to sit at the bar. Feel free to come in nice casual clothes or dress up. Great for wedding rehearsals, birthdays, date night night, girls night, just because. Great service! Complimentary valet parking. The food may not seem to have a lot of "pig" options, but don't be dismayed. The chef (and owner) infuses it into almost everything on the menu, including a signature Bacon Bourbon drink - "friendly old fashioned." Enjoy yourself and sample a pub fare, starter, and entree. $$$ though, so be ready to pay for the creative goodness. The atmosphere is is awesome. Industrial classy. Have fun!
Darling little gastropub with a nice menu and excellent service.  A little pricey for what you get but hey, you only live once.  The lemon and goat cheese ravioli were yummy and very fresh tasting and my bf's burger looked good but, omg, it was just too rare for moi.  He seemed to enjoy it.  The skinny fries were delish too!  Also you must try the gruyere biscuits!!
I went here to celebrate our friends' engagement. It was also a birthday celebration of the wife to be. We had reservations and were promptly seated when we came in. We had ordered a couple of appetizers - the biscuits and our friends had the bone marrow. The biscuits were okay, nothing too extraordinary. I tried the bone marrow and it  was amazing and was presented well. I next had the goat cheese ravioli with lobster pieces.  It was divine. Be warned, that it was literally three pieces of ravioli so if you are mega hungry, get something more with it. I was still so hungry afterwards. After we were done dinner, another server took over, which I thought was odd. He asked if we wanted desert. Our friend had said that when he had made his reservation, he had mentioned it was his financee's birthday. The server looked confused, and said, "Oh... okay...? So did you guys bring a cake or something?" So our friend shook his head and said to nevermind. He was pretty upset afterwards but 5 minutes later, our previous server came to the table with a desert and written on the plate with icing, "Happy Birthday." Unfortunately, the server that butted in pulled down this review. I can see how that is embarrassing where you are being told that there will be a special birthday desert and the server had no knowledge of it, AND was being sarcastic and rude. Wish our original server stuck around!
Bacon in your old fashioned? F*** YEAH! This place had a lot of really amazing flavors I'd never thought of combining together. Take the bacon old fashioned for example. The cocktail comes off rich, aromatic and strong, the way a proper old fashioned should be, but leaves an after taste of smoky crisp bacon in the back of the throat. I took a few sips and leaned back in my chair, imaging myself to be a rough necked cowboy, stretchin' out after a long day of herding my bevy of bitches. Yup. (Mom if you're reading this, I'm just kidding) I snapped back to reality when the dishes were brought forth. I'm not a really fancy person, so the creativity on these dishes blew me away! I got the seafood ravioli, which doesn't sound too crazy, but it had crab, fish roe, and peaches in the dish. That was certainly new for me, and it was fantastic. My friend got the lobster which was wrapped in ham, and it came with a tamale with a bone marrow reduction. HOT DIGGITY! I don't even know what a reduction is, but I can tell you now that a bone marrow reduction is delicious!   Just nuts, what these guys can come up with. They'll take some of the most savory flavors out there and combine them so that you can taste the various ingredients at different times without washing each flavor out. Very well balanced flavors. Service is great. Our waiter really explained the different dishes to us, not just what was in it, but how it's prepared and what to look for when we taste it. We might've overlooked some of the more subtle flavors if he hadn't pointed it out to us first. I only wish the portions were bigger for the amount that you pay for a meal! We ended up spending about $65/person here (shared appetizers, 1 drink and 1 entree each and a 22% tip) we found ourselves at a Wendy's just 2 hours later. Like I said, I'm not very fancy. Too long; didn't read? This place is great if you're trying to impress a girl as there is a lot of experimental fancy flavors, but there are better places if you're just tryna getcho grub on with the guys.
There are no words for how truly amazing this place is...but I will try... This place is one of the top best meals of my life. This is what every restaurant should strive to be. Everything from the service to the food to the atmosphere is utter perfection. It doesn't matter what you order...everything is delicious. And fresh and local and homemade. The price is also excellent considering the quality and quantity. I highly recommend getting a reservation. Especially if you're going for dinner on a weekend. You won't be disappointed!
I really really want to like this restaurant but we have gone now 2 times and both times I felt the food was just ok.  Am I missing something since everyone seems to be crazy about this place?
Made reservations about two weeks in advance, but I think I could have made them closer to the date.  This was about 15 miles away from our stay in Orlando, but I had read such great reviews, I wanted to check it out.  The place was nicely decorated and reminded me of a restaurant I had eaten in Palo Alto.  Our server was really great and gave good recommendations on both food and drink.  The food had nice presentation, for sure, but I have to say that the flavors weren't all there.  Maybe it's bc California has many organic, farm-to-table restaurants, but Orlando doesn't?  I would give it three stars for food but I added a star for service.  We ordered: -Creekstone Ribeye Tartare - I'm a fan of raw beef, though I still don't care for raw fish.  I liked the succulent beets that came with the dish, but we thought it would have been better had we been given chips or something to eat the beef with.  It was, for us, a bit much to eat the raw beef basically on it's own, though it was seasoned.   -Atlantic Swordfish - This was a nice piece of fish, but my friend thought the bean mix that came with it overpowered the flavor of the fish.  She wasn't a big fan of her dish.  Go figure.   -Pork Porterhouse - A very tender piece of pork with little fat!  I barely finished half of it! I did wish the pork had more sauce (or sauce on the side), though.  I loved the collared greens that came with it - it had a very sweet taste to them.  Seriously delicious.   -Lemon Tart - Small slice of lemon curd and meringue.  I wasn't blown away by dessert, though it was good.  I remember loving a similar dessert (key lime, not lemon, though) at Morton's many years ago.  Came with a small cookie crisp. We each ordered two drinks.  Unfortunately, I can't recall what they were, but both of mine were off their drinks menu.  I enjoyed both - they definitely take care with their drinks, which I appreciate.  At the end we were given two bits of homemade nutella fudge, too, after our check.  Yum!  :)
The Ravenous Pig is like trying to find a needle in a haystack. As you may agree few places have "it" right and this one does.
Great restaurant in Winter Park. Went for lunch and had the lamb burger. It was wonderful! Menu changes frequently so we will be back!
A foodie's paradise. I've been to The Ravenous Pig 10+ times and it has been great every time. This is easily the best restaurant in central Florida, and more than likely the best restaurant in the state. Just a sample of some of the deliciousness enjoyed at TRP have been Foie Gras and Donuts, Bone Marrow, Wagyu Ribeye, and you can never forget BACON ICE CREAM! If these sound a little too adventurous for your taste, you can tone it down with some Lobster Taco's, Shrimp & Grits, Steak Frites (truffle fries are to die for), or a simple yet delicious ravioli dish. While their beer selection is top tier, I would recommend trying one of their featured mixed drinks. TRP's servers are knowledgeable and well versed with the menu and drink selections. Many will recommend pairings of beers or wines with certain selections. The decor is sleek and elegant, yet unpretentious and modern. As you walk in, you typically notice the packed bar and smiling hostess, but if you look up you'll see large framed pictures on the ceiling portraying neighborhood cookouts. As for lunch, there is an assortment of different sandwiches and salads, which are good, but your opinion of the restaurant should not be contingent on a lunch experience. Go to The Ravenous Pig with a group of close friends, because the experience is too good not to be shared.
I was at the pig the first day they opened, so I am a little late writing this review.  Their is not much I can say about this place that hasn't been put to paper, though I will try. As someone who considers myself a foodie of the highest order, as I travel, I often find myself comparing whatever great restaurant I am at with the closest dish I have had at the Pig.  I think this is the case because I have so consistently been amazed at the epicurean delights that spring routinely like Old Faithful from the minds of this talented husband and wife pair.  To say the my wife and I look on this place and team fondly is an understatement.   Some notes: Harrison now my go to behind the bar, while not holding the tenure of some of his other mixology brethren at the Pig, is amazingly talented and creates some intoxicatingly addicting libations. The burger is by far the best in Orlando.  No one else is close.  1. Pig  2. Junktion 3. Oblivion (dropped a spot after Goody left)  4. Burger 21 If you don't have reservations - go the bar - then see first thought. Go to the roast at least once. The oysters are consistently wonderful.  Composed of multiple flavor profiles - the build up is amazing. Presentation is usually flawless.  With a sharp modern flare built on oft times rustic dishes this is the epitome of the term gastropub.  The true tribute to the originals opened in small townships  across the UK.
The food was good, but I am literally in dessert Nirvana. Try the custard or the crisp... or both.
Amazingly good restaurant reminiscent of the restaurants I tried in Chicago (Girl and The Goat, and The Purple Pig). It has a great ambiance and feel (almost felt like I was in Chicago). It is nice to see that they use all local food and american craft beers. The Gruyere Biscuits with Smoked Sea Salt Butter is a must for an appetizer, quite possibly the best biscuits I've ever had. The Beef Carpaccio was also really good, but it might have been too much food, (so if I had to do it over again, I would only have ordered the Biscuits). The Pork Porterhouse is the best entree on the menu. The juiciest pork Ive had in a really long time, AND it was extremely delicious. The portion is pretty large, too. The Steak Frites flat iron steak cooked medium rare is the best steak I've had in a long time. It is VERY VERY delicious...mmmm. It is a smaller portion (compared to the Pork Porterhouse), so choose wisely.
Finally made it here for the pig roast. It was worth the wait, the food was delicious and came out relatively fast considering the amount of diners there. Very good and resonably priced, and their beer menu complements this type of food perfectly. Plus, tiny cupcake on the plate, awww :)
Overrated!  Overpriced! Not impressed with the hype surrounding this restaurant.  WHile the food was good at best, it was not demanding the price that was being charged.  I am from DC therefore I am used to expensive food, and I don't mind paying for it if the quality was good.  This was mediocre. Plus, why does it take 3 hours to eat here?  We arrived at 5:30pm the first ones to be seated and it still took us 3 hours!  My husband got the pork chop and it was way undercooked and awful.  My mother's Monk Fish was disgusting.  Blah!  Service was marginal.... I wont be back for sure.
OK, so I though the name meant barbecue.  It doesn't.  But it does represent a good place to eat in a foodie kind of town.  They have interesting micro beers, a good selection of varied food on the menu and pleasant and attentive staff.  I like locally owned restaurants where the presence and purpose of the owners is felt. We split cheese muffins, shrimp and grits and pretzels for appetizers.  I had to send back the shrimp and grits as they were not hot, but the replacement was delicious and quite different than those you get in the low country.  We all had the well described hamburger and it was as touted - a really good burger.  It was also the only thing on the menu that I really wanted for a late night supper.  The place was very busy on arrival with a young crowd enjoying themselves and the food.  A great atmosphere to be in, and a good meal at reasonable prices.
I'm a lucky, lucky girl. I have amazing in-laws who pick out fantastic places like this to eat when my husband and I come to town. Be jealous. Kicking off the Christmas holiday in style, we had a reservation for Saturday night and as we strolled up to the front door, we caught a glimpse of a man in a kilt outside smoking. Normal. After the double-take, we stepped inside and were escorted to a quiet table near the back of the restaurant past the bar - a perfect spot for lively conversation and catching up. It took a single glimpse of the cocktail menu to make my selection - who can pass up a bacon garnish?! I anticipated more of a novelty than a delicious libation, but was pleasantly surprised with a scrumptious thin slice of candied bacon perched atop the ice cubes. While the drink itself didn't have a significant amount of bacon flavor, it delivered just enough smokey sweetness to carry the theme. I admit I got caught red-handed by the waiter checking Yelp for food rec's. Doh. He was super fun about it - teasing me that if I need suggestions, that's what he's for. I promptly stashed my phone and put faith in my server - what a novel concept! I have to give kudos to my in-laws again - this time for being so adventurous as to go along with selection of the charcuterie plate as a starter. Compared to plates we've had in the past, the portions on this plate are quite generous, making the pricetag quite reasonable. There were a few meats that didn't sing to me, but the majority of the dish was excellent. The main course is where our waiter really came through. I'm ashamed to say that given the name of the restaurant, it took coaxing from our waiter to get someone at our table to order the Pork Porterhouse. I come from a family where it's shameful to order more than one of any dish at the table, and if you're of the same ilk, you need to buck with tradition and get the porterhouse no matter how many others in your company order it. You will eat the entire thing and perhaps lick the plate. It's insane. My father-in-law graciously offered all of us a morsel and it was voted hands-down the best dish at the table. Mind you, the venison put up a pretty strong showing, but the pork is simply untouchable. The corn pudding is something dreams are made of, and I'm convinced that the pork is rubbed with fairy dust. How we had room for dessert is beyond me. But have dessert, we did. My pork/venison trance may not have worn off completely, as I don't recall all the details of either of our selections. We had a chocolate cake with peppermint garnish that was decent but nothing over the top. Our other selection was fantastic, so you'd think I'd remember what it was other than the fact that it was gone as quickly as it appeared. Lessons learned = trust servers, order by the namesake... oink.
I have had mixed experiences at Ravenous Pig. The first time we went was a Friday night. We made a reservation through Open Table approx. a week in advance. The atmosphere was raucous but not too loud. Our waiter (unfortunately I can't remember his name) was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, and all his recommendations were spot-on. The cocktails - though pricey at 12$ a pop - are delicious and strong. The Bacon Old Fashioned was pretty good, as was the Gin and Jam, but the star cocktail was a summer cocktail I never would have picked it out, but the waiter strongly recommended it - absolutely delicious. For food we pretty much jumped around the menu based on the waiters suggestions. I can't remember all the dishes we had, but they were almost all fantastic. IMO the most underwhelming was the Charcuterie plate - the meats and pates were great, the cheeses were so-so, and it only came with 3 small pieces of baguette. We were left eating pungent cheeses and pates without bread! The Gruyere biscuits were - as everyone else says - addictive, and slightly overpriced (and I usually don't like Gruyere). They also ran out of a lot of dishes, but that's understandable as it was peak time on a busy Friday night. Overall, it was a great night, with mostly great food, and fantastic service. ---- Flash forward a few weeks: Lunch. Our mission for this trip was to try the Burger that everyone raves about (and is always #1 in any Orlando's Top Burgers list). We were seated right away (@12pm Saturday) just as tables started filling up. Our waitress seemed a little less knowledgeable about the menu this time, and was less apt to offer reccomendations. We started with the Deviled Eggs (unique, but meh.) and the Shrimp Tacos - the tacos were the highlight of the meal. The shrimp was perfectly cooked and the batter was light and airy. Highly reccomended. For entrees we orderd the Po' Boy with porkbelly & shrimp and - of course - the burger (medium-rare). The Po' Boy was fantastic, very flavorful and all the ingredients meshed well. The burger was a disaster. It was *extremely* overcooked - close to well done. The other problem was the flavor profile. All we could taste was very sharp bleu cheese. It completely overwhelmed the dish. The bacon, onion, and beef flavers were completely gone. If you really really like bleu cheese, you might enjoy this - but don't go in expecting to taste the meat. The saving grace of this entire dish was the truffle fries. I typically find most truffle fries *overly* truffly but these had a subtle truffle flavor and were *very* good. I plan to go back during dinner, and try the burger again (maybe it was the "2nd-string" in the kitchen during lunch), but was let-down on this visit. ------- Overall: If you are open to your waiter/ress's recommendations, and don't go in with your heart set on a dish, you will probably enjoy a fantastic meal. There are some misses on the menu, but a lot of hits too.
Have been wanting to try The Pig for what feels like years and FINALLY got around to checking it out. Seasonally inspired menu.. yes please! I started with the Gruyere biscuits and shrimp tacos- the biscuits were tasty and the shrimp tacos- amazing.  Crispy, and creamy, and just a hint of spice.  I could have eaten just those as my meal and been happy. My main was lamb bacon carbonara.  Oh my.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  Salty and savory and just a hint of sweet with the English peas.  Beautiful pasta dish that I could eat again and again. I finished up with the raspberry peach cobbler with brown sugar biscuit and raspberry creme fraiche.  The fruit was good - not too sweet but the creme fraiche wasn't anything special and the biscuit was a bit dry. I'll definitely be returning for special occasions or for lunch!
This restaurant is very 'meh'.  The limited menu is 'meh' the service was 'meh' and the quality of the food was 'meh'.  Overpriced for what you get, but very 'in' in Winter Park.
A late lunch and I was ravenous.  The Pig awaited.  And, at long last . . . they knocked my socks off! Having dined several times at what is arguably central Florida's most celebrated restaurant, I was never really thrilled enough to actually sit down and write a review.  Sure, the shrimp & grits I had had there were ok, but not nearly as good as those I've had in other places.  And those skinny truffle fries? Honestly, what's the big deal -- I'll take steak fries any day.  I've tried their burger, their steak, their mahi, shrimp tacos, salad, and still . . . nothing motivated me to write.  That is until last Thursday, when the earth moved on North Orange Ave.   Our little party of three's taste buds were awakened by the house-made charcuterie platter, a medley of disparate flavors and textures.  Grilled dates, smoky-sweet and chewy.  Who ever heard of such a thing?  Salty salumi.  Vinegary pickled vegetables -- a crunchy counterpoint to the salt and sweet.  Chilled custardy asparagus terrine.   Even the warm, grilled bread was divine with the other components of the dish. Now on to my entree.  Do you know the TV show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate?"  Were I a guest on that show, it would have to be the House-Made Ramen I consumed at this meal.  Each ingredient in this delicious concoction was treated as if it were *the* star of the show: Pork belly surprisingly lean and tender; Healthy Japanese maitaki -- the marvelous and meaty "dancing mushrooms"; Canaveral shrimp -- a fresh, succulent taste of the sea; Pickled bok choy -- a delightful foil to the rich pork broth.  And finally, the floating poached farm egg -- its bright yoke enriching the flavorful noodle soup even more. My companions were happy with their Pub Burger and Steak Frites, but my feast in a bowl was unforgettable! Complementing this stellar meal was my beverage of choice, Ommegang's Rare Vos, a beautiful amber ale -- redolent with orange peel and spices -- as smooth and balanced a brew as they come.   A *perfect* pairing. The dining experience was enhanced by the accommodating and knowledgeable Mason, our server, who -- after "coaching" us through the menu, kept our glasses full and made sure that we were pleased with each item, never once crossing that imaginary line between attentive and intrusive. These much lauded chefs deserve their laurels.  Food for the gods, as well as we mere mortals!
I was in Orlando visiting a friend.  This was recommended as an eclectic place outside the relentless chain gang of Orlando eateries.  I ordered the Farmer salad to begin.  This was ok.  the radaccchio was generous in the salad which gave it a bit more bitter taste than I prefer.  The vinaigrette needed some sweetness to tame the bitter and acid.  The soft boiled egg was a bit overdone without much yolk to work into the salad.  For the entree I had the Bone in Short-Rib.  This was fantastic.  Perfectly done, nice glaze.  Seems like they braised it a bit then grilled while glazing.  The rutabaga puree was an odd brown color on the plate but in all the short rib was the star.  The Heritance, Napa Valley '08 Cab was $18/glass, a crime.
Ordered the Short Rib sandwich. Double braised with an obvious red wine emphasis for the 2nd braising. I will admit the wine notes are prominent but it works well. Overall it was a good bite but perhaps my "sorry, no pork belly for lunch" let down took some serious luster off my spirit? The truffle fries were good and hot, but the "truffle" was a tad too subtle for me. The Vines really set that bar pretty high. I particularly like their choice of shoestring "Steak N' Shake" cut for the fries. The Brengels brew was nice! That wonderful floral hoppy nose in the glass and not too bitter if you take it easy. Heck, brews like this aren't meant to be guzzled anyway, but savored. Let it warm up a bit if you really want all the flavors to come out. The outdoor dinning was great and Jeff was all we needed in the "service" dept. Can't express how psyched out I've been to try that infamous P. Belly.  Ultimate letdown. Like finally getting tickets to watch your favorite sports player - and he's out that game for some silly reason. Still a good game, but no STAR awarding.  waaah. Its gonna be tough job, (riiiiight!) but now I'll just have to go back again.
So my g/f and I decided to give this place a try.  Being called the ravnous pig I expected some sort of bar b que pork dish or sandwich.  After sat down an looked at the somewhat expensive menu and asked why there was no pig on the menu whe got the answer of  "we'll we're a conceptual restaurant".  I believe they do do the pig roast on ocassion but for the most part this is just another overpriced restaurant that takes themselves way to seriously.
Great place focused on farm to table dining. We enjoyed the lively ambiance and delish food. I had the pub burger medium and it was literally the best burger I've ever eaten. We had the pretzels ( just ok) and the gatherer salad ( fantastic) to start. We also got a lovely Rioja rose wine and old fashioned cocktail. Service is good but not overly attentive. The lamb burger was also fine but sweet relish instead. A great afternoon. Please go!!!
I'm a local, and Ravenous Pig is one of the best restaurants in the Orlando area, IMHO.  For the same price as any of the chain restaurants, and we have plenty in Orlando, you can have a truly unique meal here.  They source fresh items locally, so one of the best features is the ever-changing menu.  For comfort food, I have the steak frites -- but when I'm feeling more adventurous, I check out the chalkboard and try a daily special.  I don't know how they do it, but the flavors always complement each other so well. My last meal there (April 2011) was quail served on a salad of fruits and veggies. It was yummy.
Update ---- RP has contacted me wanting to make things right. I know the food is worthy of more stars. So maybe I'll go back at some point and have a better time. What we have here is a failure to communicate. I was completely ready to give Ravenous Pig 5 stars before I even walked in the building. I'm talking about all the hype, awards, friends recommendations and the menu told me before I even stepped into this establishment that I was going to give it a 5 star review. It's been billed as the best restaurant in Orlando, the place visitors want to visit when they don't want to feel like tourist and what some say is undoubtedly the best meal in Orlando. I've taken a lot of time to think about this and while I expect and suspect that this place is a 5 star place my experience there was only a 2 star. and right now I'm willing to admit our mistakes if the Ravenous Pig owns up to theirs. So the story started when a birthday dinner came up and I had mentioned maybe Ravenous Pig would be cool.My husband called them and said it was my birthday and they told him that they had a chef's table with a view of the kitchen. My husband and I have been to a chef's table before and while it sounded different my husband reserved it. Okay here is where I admit my mistake. We may have made the reservations not far enough in advance due to work issues. But if someone calls you and says My wife's birthday and our wedding anniversary are this weekend we'd like to reserve, and you tell them that you have a chefs table for them, if it's not a real chef's table you should tell them so. We've never been there previously to know what she meant. But what she meant was a counter that mimics a bar but without the bar, but with a square window of the action of the chefs. So We get there, and the hostess is just not very pleasant, she asked us to wait a while. I ask for the bathroom and she sends me to the handicap bathroom. Someone is in it and I wait a few minutes. I look over and my husband is no longer waiting, so I decide to go find if he's been seated. I ask and no one helps me. I am maneuvering though a restaurant I've never been to and the staff is no help. I'm looking for this "so called chefs table", I ask more staff and finally I see my husband coming to over. He brings me to the bar top over looking the restaurant kitchen. For a while we were ignored and only given a beer menu, in which they were both out of the beers we wanted. We opted for the second choice, no problem there. It took a bit to get our beers. It was my birthday and my wedding anniversary was the next day and we felt so ignored. We wanted some drinks but were never attended to. Over 2 and a half hours We only got 2 drinks a piece, and we had to flag them down for the second one. I went to the bathroom but found out that the other bathrooms, are only one a piece. 1 female bathroom stall and one male stall. So there is a long wait. I know dive bars that have more stalls in the bathroom than this. and I have to wait. When I finally get in there to the one bathroom stall, I start to cry. My husband went though all of this trouble to reserve what he thought was going to be an awesome night, and yet we were not having an awesome time. I didn't want him to know so I sucked it up dabbed my eyes and came out smiling. My husband agreed with me about the service, the way we were treated was just not good at all. With our Anniversary the next day we lamented about how we eloped in NYC and how the NYC restaurants in Manhattan and surrounding areas have been amazing to us at last moment. I shouldn't cry on my birthday, ever. EVER! After reliving all of this emotion; Below is the good and bads. Great: 1. Tuna Tar Tar - amazing, plating was cool it was fresh, clean, and I loved the way the tuna played with the supporting cast. 2. Duck Entree - my husband ordered it and loved it. I had some of it and loved it. Good : Salmon with the Apple Slaw - it was good but not spectacular. Gruyere Biscuits - not wowed, didn't get it. Truffle Fries - great fries but didn't get any truffle flavor. I'd just take the word "truffle" off Bad: Only has 1 male, 1 female, and 1 handicap bathroom.   Hostess was not helpful, not pleasant, and kinda pissy Server at what they call "chef table" was nice but not present most of the time I like to drink, but yet in 2.5 hours I was only able to get 2 drinks, and to get my second I had to flag someone down. who flag some one else down, who flagged someone else down. Dessert - which my husband already told them when he made the reservations. - Yep they forgot and gave me something which was okay but totally last minute, which made me cry again and not happy tears. Never go here for a special occasion. I normally don't take much off for service but this place made me cry on my birthday and I can't excuse that.
We dined at The Pig tonight for our anniversary. We chose it based on reviews here, and it definitely did not disappoint. I had the Pork Porterhouse and my wife had the Steak Frites. It was THE BEST pork I have ever had. Indescribable! The steak wasn't bad either, but the fries that came with her meal definitely weren't the best. However, the pork...I'm getting all drooly just thinking about it again. I think we'll be back, especially since the menu changes regularly.
Is it wrong that I was more excited about hitting this place during my recent jaunt up the turnpike than going to any theme park? It has certainly been hyped up...and for me that often leads to disappointment, as restaurants tend to have a hard time living up to the mythical status bestowed upon them by fawning food bloggers, Yelpers and the like. Yet, The Ravenous Pig met my lofty expectations. From the beginning, service was cordial and efficient; very "professional," in fact. This went along with the overall decor, which came off to me as quite a bit more upscale than I was expecting. I was thinking this place would be more "pubby," not necessarily brick and white-tablecloth style. You might want to not look like a total slob when dining here - hey, they'll serve you regardless, but you might feel out of place. It's nicer than you probably think it is by way of looking at the pictures. I'd had the impression that the Rav Pig was a big beer-centric restaurant, but the actual beer list, though well-curated for what it is, with very reasonable prices, isn't all that extensive. There's an interesting-looking wine list, but it turned out to be the cocktail menu that really caught my attention. I ordered a Steamroller, an odd Junipero gin-based cocktail with elderflower, sour, and beer. This one is refreshing, I liked the little fizz and subtle grain notes the beer imparted. The Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned is the one you want for contemplative sipping. It's bacon-infused Buffalo Trace, vanilla maple syrup, bitters, and comes with an awesome little slab of candied bacon. Resist the urge to eat the bacon right away, let it marinate in the drink for a while. Again, go slow here - when they first bring it out, I found this drink a bit harsh, but as the ice starts to melt a little, it opens up and mellows out nicely, releasing more of the coconut and vanilla flavors you want, with that hint of smoky bacon along for the ride. The Gin & Jam, based on Rogue's Pink Spruce gin, featured rhubarb jam, honey syrup and house sour. After the Old Fashioned, it tasted very sweet to me, but I did enjoy the tart rhubarb. I felt like I had to try a pretzel for starters - pub fare at its most elemental. The pretzel looked highly appealing, and I was a huge fan of the spicy, cinnamon-y mustard (yes, cinnamon) provided for dipping. There was also a Taleggio cheese sauce; a cool contrast, but I was back to the mustard for most bites. Next up, charred octopus. Wow. This was probably my favorite food or drink item I had all night. Served with a smoked potato salad, on a plate painted with a thick swath of squid ink, the octopus had just a perfect char to it, and a melt-in-mouth consistency. Apparently I've been on a huge duck kick of late, as I seem to be ordering Hudson Valley Duck Breast at every restaurant that offers it. This is one of the beefier duck plates I've had, coming with not only sliced duck breast, but with smoked duck sausage, braised red cabbage, mustard-glazed fennel and rhubarb relish (more rhubarb!). Tough to even describe all those flavors, it's a beautiful cacophony. Just eat. Yes, believe it or not, there was dessert. Bow down to The Crisp, an inventive dessert of stewed strawberries and rhubarb (MORE RHUBARB!), some nutty crunchiness, topped with a toffee ice cream. It wasn't absurdly sweet, it had the whole sweet/tart thing going on, with a good crunch - usually the way I prefer my desserts. I look forward to my next Rav Pig adventure. I hope they continue to find excuses to inject rhubarb into future menu offerings!
theepiceats.com/post/105… I know, I know. How can I have lived in Orlando for more than 13 years and have never eaten here? Well, I guess good things come to those who wait. Better yet, great things. Its not everyday that I get excited reading about a sandwich on a menu, but just looking at the words "Pork Belly Sandwich" took me to my happy place. (Even typing those words made me feel a bit guilty).   Let's start out by saying that my expectations were already overwhelmingly high due to all the raving reviews of this place but first-handedly, this gastropub was fantastic. Everything about this meal just made me want to come back and try everything on the menu. My Pork Belly Sandwich arrives. The french baguette was perfectly toasted, crunchy and flakey but chewy and soft at the same time. It came with kimchi styled, pickled vegetables, topped with chopped cilantro and scallions. But the pork belly. Oh goodness the pork belly. Slow cooked for hours then flash fried to finish it off with a crispy skin and tender, gelatinous finish to the fatty parts. Perfect. There was now a problem. I didn't want to share anymore. Don't get me wrong, the prime rib sandwich was nothing short of spectacular either, but this, THIS was the holy grail. I offered only one bite in exchange for the lesser but it only gave my pork belly that much more contrast of how awesome it really was. Overall, I had one of the best lunches of my life for a mere 12 bucks. And although it may be true that good things come to those who wait, don't wait on this one. They might be too crowded if the word gets out.
A former local TV weatherman was at RP today sitting on a barstool with his left leg crossed up under his butt for his entire meal -- yowch!  He must do Yoga. The great Johnny Cash was singing his classic song Ring of Fire (recorded of course)  just after I was seated. That was a good omen.   My original review of the Pig was not kind, and it was based upon several lunch visits, in which I considered their lunch to be an afterthought.  Only when I went there for dinner for the first time did I up their rating. Today, after checking out the October menu on the InterTubes, I saw some intriguing lunch items and decided to venture there for lunch once again.  I wanted so badly to cheat on my diet and order the grilled dates with prosciutto and goat cheese, but I opted for two house-made soft pretzels accompanied by stone-ground mustard and a marvelous taleggio-porter fondue. My entree was a flatbread with roasted figs*, preserved orange pesto, manchego, arugula and hazelnut.  Oh yeah, baby, give it to me. The service and surroundings were excellent as always here at the Ravenous Pig. * One of the few antique items I own is a 100+ year-old typewriter.  One of the keys is FIG.  I don't know what that was used for, but a visitor suggested (seriously) that maybe it was a shortcut for when you wanted to type the word "fig."
Its a down to earth, good eatin' bbq restaurant disguised as a high end classy restaurant.  The service was great and the food was even better. You absolutely have to try the LOBSTER TACOS! I love tacos and have had many different types of tacos but nothing beats a lobster taco from the Ravenous Pig.
Burger #249: Here Pig It's hard to get excited about Orlando unless you're 6 or a man-baby who goes gaga for Disney. But the name alone of The Ravenous Pig got my gears going. The three of us ordered up a feast that could have fed five and I'm glad we did. Kicking off the meal was a surprisingly good bacon infused old fashioned. The bacon flavor was well rounded and didn't have any artificial smokiness that can plague other bacon based infusions. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… Next, at the request of my client, we started with dessert, smart! First of the two desserts was a deconstructed cheese cake that was quite nice. The crust, filling, and topping all segregated to their districts of the plate, worked well on their own and in any combination. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… Our second dessert was a small bundle of house made doughnuts that were absolutely divine whilst they retained their warm temperature. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… Once dessert was done, we moved on to apps. Kicking things off was a very nice ceviche of something that was mushed about with a load of other somethings. It was pretty good. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… Next was the pork belly that I thought needed about a " more fat and about an extra hour to cook. Nice crust too it but the fat to meat ratio was too much in favor of the meat. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… After some fish meat and pig meat it was on to house made charcuterie meats. While not the best spread I've ever had, it was pretty good and I have to give props to any spot that makes their own. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… For our mains, someone got fish that I was not a big fan of. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… What I think was a lamb or maybe venison or something else. It was meh. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… And then the burger; meh. While cooked properly, it had some flaws, it lacked seasoning, the bleu cheese (even after being scraped off) over powered everything, and the bun was slightly dry. This summed up to be not that good of a burger and not even on the same planet as the one the night before at Luma. Oh well. yelp.com/biz_photos/bPmW… Overall though, it was a very good meal and a spot I wouldn't mind going back to.
So good.  It's hard to review the menu since it changes often.  There is a good chance you'll get something yummy here.
I have heard nothing but good about this place and had to try it.  The one thing to note is make your reservations WELL ahead of schedule, they are usually booked out at least 1 week.  It gets so busy at times too so if you want a booth or specific area to sit, request it in the notes spot / with the hostess when booking. Everything was amazing from start to finish.  Everyone was so nice and the chef accomodated everything we requested. The food was fresh and was presented gorgeous. The waiter was very attentive and suggested a ton of great dishes, I think we tried every one he suggested.  The only note is about the salad with the bacon, the bacon was overwhelming and I could have done without that.  The cocktails were to die for as well! It is a great place for a special ocassion and I highly recommend trying it out!! I will make this a once a month spot!!
Food nirvana.  I love this place.  It's not a place for the non-adventurer in food-terms.  Often I have dishes that I not only have not heard of or imaged, but completely change my mind about preparing and pairing foods, and I love to cook and try new things.  Pushing the envelope on hâute cuisine at fair prices in a sweet environment....  HOW DARE THEY! So the menu is always changing so it would be unfair to rate a specific dish however the burger seems to be a mainstay and YES it is worth $14 and perfect for the less adventurous.  Hear me out though - Don't screw it up and order it well - go med to med-rare.  This is top notch beef and unbelievably seasoned and with the amazing roll and pickles and bleu cheese, oh dear...   Oh is that pint glass full of truffle shoe-string fries mine?  And that homemade (slightly spicy) ketchup?  Why yes, yes they are and if you like fries in any capacity (and honestly, who doesn't?) you'll flip for these lightly truffled delights...  Way more than you'll be able to eat, but you'll try to eat every single one.  YUM.  I would wager if you DID finish them they'd replenish, 'cuz that's how they roll here.  Casual high quality.  I encourage you to go more deep than the burger after your first trip- this is an accesible experience.  You probably can't pronounce half the menu, yet you get the feeling "it's gonna rock" - and it DOES...  Try the bone marrow.  I know I know, ewwww, right?  Yeah - try it and get back to me.  I'm surprised they don't sell this stuff in slim-jim fashion at the gas stations.  It's great, savory and so different! It is a very very busy place so do your homework ahead of time as it can be tough to get in at peak times.  For good reason.  And I'd say it seats 100+  The service is very good always, and they have a bunch of fun craft beers and wine and some very off the wall cocktails to go with the whole gastro-pub idea.  Want a special night for 4-8 people?  Go sit at the chef's table/bar that overlooks the kitchen.  FANTASTIC and so cool to watch them pump those remarkable dishes out.  You'll change your mind 8 times as you see new (and ever increasingly interesting) stuff come thru the pass.  Family owned/operated/cooked (fanatically) AND mostly locally sourced!   (are you in love yet?) Did I say, Mr. & Mrs. Petrakis I am so proud of you lately for your culinary progress? This is the real deal and you are executing on every level.   Amazing! Blow someone's mind - take 'em here.  OH OH OH - and the weekend "pig roasts" are a HOOT!  Often there isn't any pig at all but it works.  Been to two (one pig, another lamb I think (the pub part took over so I'm fuzzy on that some months ago) and yup - lotsa of drinking and chatting and meeting new peeps and great food and new friends.  Pretty much what us locals do all the time. Go - you won't regret if you want something different and can drop a few $.
Ravenous Redemption! It's been over a year since I last tried to dine at TRP, and they've made some logistical changes that have made a huge difference.  First one, they are using Open Table for reservations, so no more 'lost' calls!  YAY!   And reservations are an absolute must.  It is said you can walk in and try and get a seat at the bar.  Don't count on it though, and the service you get in the main dining room is well worth the call a couple of days before you want to go. Speaking of service, it was superb for our dinner!  Our waiter gave us suggestions, talked wine without being snotty, and really helped make the meal special.  Exactly what great service should do!  Now... keep in mind, things aren't speedy here.  Don't come if you're in a hurry.  Plan to spend 2 hours at dinner, and you'll be fine. On to the food!  I'm happy to report serving sizes have improved.  Well, for the salads anyway.  I had the seasonal Harvest Apple salad, and gotta say.. it was one of the best salads I've ever had.   Yeah.  Bitter greens, roasted apples, hazelnuts, pomegranate seeds and chunk of blue cheese.  Ohmahgawd... so good. The burger I had avoided because the truffle fries were way too truffley for me.  I had to do it this time though, and after one bite, I'd been converted.  The Ravenous Pig has the best burger in town.  Yes... yes it does.    ...For now anyway! So bottom line, when every element of my meal can qualify as 'one of the best ever...' the place is a 5 star joint.
I've been to the Pig numerous times since they opened and I've waited quite a while to write a review.  I'm not sure exactly why but it's probably because I swing between loving and hating this place.  I love them because they have the most unique menu in town and the kitchen staff really knows what they're doing.  I hate them because they sometimes just phone it in based on their reputation.  They are like a pretty girl who knows everyone's looking at them so they behave like they don't have to try sometimes.  No one likes a stuck-up girl! That said the food here usually is far better than any of their competition.  They bill themselves as a gastropub but I  think they've left some of that behind.  I'd say they're fine dining with some patrician leanings.  They have an absolutely killer burger on the same menu with house made charcuterie.  The charcuterie plate has always been one of our favorites but it's moved up and down the scale.  Mainly the portions have slowly declined since I first had it two years ago.  It's always excellent but I used to eat it as a meal and now two people can easily share it with a lot of room for more.  Curiously the price hasn't dropped.  On this latest visit my wife had mussels which I would put against any...anywhere!  Super plump and slightly spicy these were mussels at their best.  I had the fried mixed offal.  Yes I know that most people don't look forward to eating organ meats but I do.  This was a very generous portion of duck hearts, chicken livers and sweet breads cooked perfectly.  However I would not bread them the way they do.  It's a very "rough" cornmeal that doesn't seem to be cut with any flour.  A little more delicate breading would elevate this dish to sublime. The pig always has a great drink menu and wine list.  I tend to go for the liquor and beer as the bartenders can really make a wicked drink.  I've never had anything less than excellent come from one of their shakers!  The beer list is always a top notch selection of craft brews and they know what beer goes with what.   The wine list is well thought out and extensive but it's also expensive.  They'd sell even more wine without the 300% or higher mark up. I love this place because you won't see these items on any other menu in town and they are a foodies wet dream.  I hate them because I feel compelled to return even after the visits that haven't rocked and we spent a good deal of cash for the experience.  Service is best at the bar by the way.  Our service at the tables have always been hit or miss.  By all means go there...you may leave amazed by the excellent meal...you may leave pissed that you spent $75 a person on something unique but skimpy and borderline pretentious.
Another dissenter here. To put it simply: what's the big deal about this place? As one reviewer put it, the Ravenous Pig takes itself way too seriously. I walked in with two fellow diners without a reservation at 5:10pm and felt unwelcome since we didn't have a reservation. What is this, American Psycho's Dorsia? Besides, does Ravenous Pig refuse to seat people between the hours of 5pm and 7pm because the restaurant was empty - well before the typical evening crowd. We were seated around 5:30pm and when my friend asked if we could get a booth the hostess declined because, according to her, their booths were specifically requested and reserved (mind you, the restaurant is painfully, obviously empty at 5:30 in the afternoon). As my other friend remarked, way to take the "pub" out of "gastropub". Only after we had seated and were given menus did the hostess offer to seat us at the booth after she had checked with the powers-that-be if it was alright. We didn't want to bother moving again so we politely declined. The food is, as others have mentioned, expensive, unimpressive and served in tiny portions. I ordered the burger and it was fine, just not great and certainly not the best burger in Orlando. I've had comparable off the back of a food truck. The fries were great, I love truffle oil and seasoning and they were delicious. I sampled some of my friend's Pear and Duck Salad although I felt terrible doing so since she literally had only 3 morsels of duck on her plate. Not awful just unsatisfying. With everything I ate I just had this unfulfilled feeling like: that's it? The shining star of the restaurant was the waiter and I feel terrible that I can't remember his name. He was informative, prompt, patient, friendly and most importantly, unpretentious. He brought out some blueberry brownie bites on the house and really made our dining experience great. I realize The Ravenous Pig is central in Winter Park and has quite the reputation - surely there's not a shortage of customers with deep pockets but seriously, try a little humility on for size because the food and environment just wasn't that great.
Wow! I live right outside NYC and came here while on a business trip, spurred by a NYT article outlining great places near Orlando. It's rare to go to a place where every element of the meal is just pitch-perfect.  We started with the house Manhattan, with bacon-infused bourbon and a sugar cured bacon accompaniment - have had this trick at a few other places and it usually comes out weird and fake tasting, but they pull it off perfectly.  We tried a few other drinks as well and the results were the same - all beautifully conceived and perfectly mixed. Our waitress was wonderful.  She showed up exactly when we needed her, listened and made excellent suggestions, and was impeccably trained. It was the kind of service we'd be thrilled to get in the best Manhattan restaurant. The food itself was fantastic - starting with the gruyere biscuits, flaky and decadent, moving on to the crisp farmer salad, with delicious bitter greens and a perfectly cooked, farm fresh egg.  The suckling pig and bay scallops was so good it's hard to describe - even the peach salad accompaniment complimented the pork and scallop, in a flavor combination that was unexpectedly light and vibrant.  Finally, the veal cheeks were one of the best dishes I have ever had anywhere.  The cheeks were seared perfectly and were extremely juicy.  Even dessert was a pleasure. I only wish this restaurant were closer to me...
Was able to sneak in on a Friday night with a party of 4. Great cocktails, great service, even better food. Fried chicken entree was insanely good.
As I rely on Yelp for honesty in my searches, I want to give others a head's up here. I've eaten at The Pig a dozen times, as I live in Winter Park and many friends want to go here, it's one of our splashy places. And I want to like it for they are highly creative in both taste combination and presentation. But I always leave feeling bloated, too full, sludgy.  high level of animal fats in the food. Lots of salt too. Even the salads..
We randomly went here again the other night promptly after being told that that Cask and Larder was booked for several weeks for reservations. Nonetheless, we made a great decision! Here are a few tips based on my experiences from dining at RP: 1. Sit at the bar. The bar tenders are fantastic, provide prompt service even when the bar is slammed, and they are very courteous and knowledgeable about their beer & food. 2. Order some of everything. I have dined in their traditional dinning room and ordered dinner before, BUT I very much rather enjoy their pub food and appetizer options. The pub burger is always perfect, the pretzels with cheese fondue are super tasty, and a newer menu item of lamb spare ribs were to die for! Tip: save some leftover cheese fondue from the pretzels to dip the truffle fries into, and thank me later. 3. Sample some of their beers. You can order a 1/2 glass which is 8 oz for half the price of a pint. That is a fantastic way to taste some beautifully crafted beers and pair them with various menu options. All in all I still love the Ravenous Pig whether for special occasions or for a secret night of guilty pleasures. Go check out the bar where you will feel welcomed and are pretty much guaranteed a good night.
The Ravenous Pig is one delicious experience! I went there last night with my fiancee, and we enjoyed every bite of every dish. I ordered an Oldfashioned and she ordered a Bellini while we waited for our table. My drink was awesome, served with a slice of bacon, and I felt a little buzz after it (a rarity for me). We started with the Gruyere Biscuits and Mussels, both of which were delightful. The biscuits were surprisingly filling, served as they were with a delicious spiced butter. The mussels were soaked in a witte beer, which was a delicious innovation on the usual lemon-butter sauce. I want to stress that these mussels were MASSIVE, and they were served with a thick saffron sauce. They also came with truffle fries, which were absolutely the best fries I've ever had. I was truly amazed how TRP was able to craft these delicious shoestring fries, and it demonstrates the restaurant's theme of doing otherwise normal pub food at a 4-star level. Then, the entrees. My better half ordered a pasta dish (because she was already getting full from our apps), and I went with the Pork Platter Sampler. Now, I'm a pork man. I travel the Southeast looking for the best BBQ (best I've found, btw, is at Fresh Air BBQ in Georgia). So I thought that, if any part of our meal would underwhelm or rest on its laurels, it would be my main entree. Wow, was I wrong. 3 different pork variations comprised the platter: a pork belly piece (served with an apple chutney), a "country steak" portion (with fat marbled in, served on an acidic bed of cabbage), and a kielbasa pork sausage (served with these delicious pickled heirloom tomatoes). Each flavor combination worked so well together that I really can't find words to describe them. All I can say is you won't be disappointed with this dish, and if you're a pork lover, it's pretty much your wet dream. And it went really well with the Cigar City Oatmeal Dark brew I ordered with my meal. Delicious! We passed on dessert because we were so full, but our meal came out to be about $120 (with tip), so I felt this was actually very reasonable for the quality of the food and drinks. If you're anywhere near Orlando, make the short trip to Winter Park. I promise you won't be disappointed.
This was the first time I have gone and will definitely not be the last.  The food was excellent, service wonderful and the only complaint is it can get a little loud with everyone talking and it is trendy (which I normally steer away from) but who cares!  Highly recommended (p.s. try the deviled eggs you won't be sorry)
This is a great place.  You must try the biscuits, they are amazing.  The steak was wonderful!  The truffle fries are also a must.  However, my friend order the ravioli stuff with spinach; it was terrible. It had a soft, runny egg on top, the pasta was mediocre, and the portion size was tiny.   We shared my steak.   Everything else was fabulous, including the inventive deserts.  I would absolutely recommend this place.
My one and only 5 stars restaurant review in all of Orlando area. Trust me, it wasn't because of all the disappointing dining experience in the theme parks and tourist area. The food at The Ravenous Pig was just amazing. Whenever I ask for Orlando restaurant recommendations from any foodies, The Ravenous Pig always came up. It was my most anticipated meal during my last trip to Orlando and I was not a bit disappointed. They got the best bacon. Every strip was paper thin and incredibly crispy. Get a glass of their Old Fashioned and you know what love is. Ever since then I have a constant craving of bacon infused cocktails. House-made Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese was definitely their signature item. What they on the platter changes every day but I doubt you will be unhappy with anything there. Cured meats were great of course, but even the pickled vegetable (I had cauliflower that night) was wonderful. If I continue to list out all the fascinating food I had I think this review explode. Without boring you to death, I will just tell you everything I had from bread service, drinks, appetizers, entree to dessert were simply out of this world. Portions was just right. An appetizer, entree and dessert will get you comfortably full but not having to worry about boxing food home. Perfect for out of town visitors like me. I was very happy with the service. It was attentive but non intrusive. My server was knowledgeable of the menu and provided good recommendations. I also appreciate how she paid attention and not ask me how the food was until after I have actually had a bite. (I took my time to photograph my food, mind you.) The gastropub ambiance was great. Just the perfect place to grab a drink and have an intimate but casual gathering with friends. I almost can't believe how affordable the food was (considering the quality). I felt really stupid spending so much more eating at other inferior restaurants. From now on, I will eat at The Ravenous Pig every time I visit Orlando.
I could sit here and repeat all the 100+ reviews before me but I wont. Only suggestion that I would like to add is if its your first time or you are trying to keep the bill down just get 2 or 3 apps and a pasta or half pasta to share. I enjoy most of there starters, bar bites more then the entrees. This will also make it easier to save room for dessert which are all amazing.
Not impressed... Greasy and overly salty food. (Six out of eight complained of upset stomach.) Overcooked food. Overpriced. Unfriendly/unhelpful waiter. = Doesn't live up to the hype.
We experienced the restaurant on a Wednesday evening at 7:30.  The ambience was OK, but not an attraction within itself.  The menu selection was a breath of fresh air  - creative, never boring.  They buy local, but are clearly not part of the greening of America, as menus change daily and the table top is butcher paper.  The server was very knowledgeable of all items on the menu.  The Marlborough Sauvignon blanc was excellent.  Delicious trio of oysters - each with a different preparation.  The charcuterie was well presented but expensive. The entree portions were large.  We enjoyed tasty pork porterhouse and short ribs.  The truffle french fries were fine (nothing special) - I don't get the big attraction of them.  A very good experience.
Inside, the Ravenous Pig is decorated in classy browns and layers of bricked walls. Our server for the evening is sweet and attentive, checking up on us throughout our meal and quite friendly. For starters we begin with the Crab Hush puppies ($7) a twist on the traditional hush puppy appetizers, made with charred corn, bacon, and served with a orange-habenero aioli. Steak Frites ($24), is a porcini marinated flat-iron steak served with their signature truffle fries and tarragon aioli. The steak was tender and grilled perfectly with a warm outside and a cool red inside, just the way I like it. Truffle fries are basically like shoestring french fries with a hint of truffle mushrooms. The tarragon aioli sauce that accompanies the dish was very unique and all in all the dish was very creative. Overall I definitely enjoyed my meal at The Ravenous Pig. I would come back just to check out their menu and all the creativity that they put into it. It's surprisingly refreshing to see such ingenuity in their dishes and I wish more Central Florida restaurants practiced this philosophy, although I do have reservations about their pricing. I would want to come back to try their Pub Burger ($12) since its pretty cheap hah. tastychomps.blogspot.com…
My wife and I have been going to place since it opened down the street from our house.  We used to be able to walk right in and grab a table anywhere we wanted with no wait!  Since, we've had two kids, one of which can say "Ravevis Pig"! These guys have watched our family grow and we've watched their Pig get more and more Ravenous.  Every third Thursday and every First Saturday for the pig roast are our reserved spots at the Pig! Incredible, ever changing seasonal menu from the best of the best craft beer in the country to the amazingly prepared and presented entries for less than $30. Order two starters and taste the talent or split two entries with the significant other and eat the best of both worlds.  It's all good!
In Orlando finding a restaurant like The Ravenous Pig is like trying to find a needle in a haystack. Of course found the Ravenous P-I-G (sometimes your words just hypnotize me) on Yelp, handed my phone over to my friend and said, "this is where we are going." We grab a table outside, be sure to make reservations because they are busy. It was Monday night and they were full.  We went early and were able to get seated. We ordered Prosecco, white wine and red wine, shared some small plates.  The charcuterie (charcuterie always sounds like a bad word) plate- it was one of the best ones I've had, plentiful and a perfect mix of flavors.  They offer an extensive wine by the glass menu!   Our server was really knowledgeable and pleasant, in fact numerous people came by the table everyone was really nice and it didn't matter who you asked questions, they knew the answer about their menu.  Someone is doing a great job with line up.
Always great - their mussels and fries are to die for.  And with Southhampton Double White Ale on tap, it is a little sip of heaven.  The Aqua Pazzo was wonderful at dinner a couple weeks ago - their take on NOLA bouillabaisse!
I am totally on the same page as Tom G.  and his review.  I feel like everyone else reviewing is drinking some crazy punch or something. We had reservations for four for over a month.  We arrived early, and got...stuck at probably their worst table. When I mentioned that we had reservations on Open Table for a month and the table was not what we had hoped, the lanky, pretentiously snooty young hostess could have cared less.  She said she would try to move us, but the open tables and booths we requested were held for a party.  Of course, having he memory of an elephant, I watched the booth and tables.  The booth remained open for half an hour, and the tables were filled with a couple, and the other remained open.  She never returned to say a word. I was NOT happy.  It's the little things that get me to return to a restaurant, and the little things that drive me nuts. The food was good, but as Tom noted, a little full of itself for the price.  The tacos were ok...a little greasy and dry.  The burger was really good. The steak was fair, but nothing to rave about.  It was served with shoestring fries.  I think this place is against any sort of veggie but salad.  The biscuits were good, a little heavy, but after paying $8 for bread, which I believe it is a God given free right in the United States, I just couldn't love paying for bread I feel should be free. Jason the waiter was very competent and their saving grace.  He made the dinner enjoyable for all, and recommended several wines and different beers.   After $200 for bread, tacos and burgers, and a couple rounds of drinks, I can honestly say I won't be back.  Too many restaurants in the area to love. My opinion - although who am I but a paying customer, is Upgrade the hostesses to an educated, humble bunch that actually care about their patrons, give the waiters a raise, lower your prices, and give the table a round of bread.  At $200 a table, you can afford it.
the most perfectly cooked steak (steak frites) i've ever had also try the pork belly appetizer
You know that feeling you get when you're sitting at home in front of your lap top on a Saturday night and one of your Facebook friends post a picture of something so divine and delicious looking you immediately begin salivating and hating that friend?  Well..... that has happened not once, not twice but multiple times to me... and each time these friends were at The Ravenous Pig in Winter Park, FL.   Considering the 200 mile distance between us, I knew The Pig and I would not be getting together soon.  And then as luck would have it, we had a last minute emergency that brought us to Orlando... When we arrived there was a valet attendant waiting for us... Valet is never in our plans.. but we went with it and valeted our car.  The hostess asked us for our reservation name and immediately my heart sank... We didn't have one and it was a Saturday night... Did we lose our chance?  As luck would have it there was a cancellation at the chef's table and because of that we were able to get front row seats to the awesome show. For our appetizer we ordered Pastrami Sturgeon and House-Made Soft Pretzels.  For our entree we had the Pork Porterhouse and for dessert we had the cheesecake.  What an insane meal.  The pork porterhouse was juicy and delicious, the pretzels salty and soft... The meal definitely lived up to the hype.  I hope another emergency brings us to Orlando again soon.
Did some searching on Yelp looking for a good place to eat on my first trip to Orlando and this was my decision and a good one.  After driving up to Orlando and spending the day in the hot humid weather exploring the outlet mall I was ready to eat something good.  I didnt think of making reservations when I first read about this place and it would've been a good idea if you plan on going fri-sat evening.  I went at 7pm friday and it was booked out.  I was lucky to get a decent seat in the bar area and enjoyed the environment.  The staff was excellent.  Came to check in and refill on point.   I had the Gruyee biscuits and butter sea-salt.  It was a good starter but not necessary.  I love the sea salt butter though.   Next was the Prime Steak Tartare with Maitaki mushroom (bacon-style) .  It is rare ground beef  btw.  The presentation of it was very pleasing to the eye and tasty.  Next, was the Coriander-honey grilled lamb ribs w/ tzatziki.  It was mouth watering and I couldve eaten a dozen more.  I ordered the Key West black Grouper w/ charred corn, pork cheeks, hominy, and Yukon gold potatoes as my entree.  I loved the presentation of it and the grouper was seared just right and the temperature was hot enough to the last bite.  This doesnt happen to often unless you are inhaling the fish.  Finished it off with the "pig tail" desert which is basically a sugar donut stick with a chocolate espresso syrup dip which was decent but Im not a huge dessert fan.   Final price was $75 (without tip) for all this and well worth every penny for the entire experience from the moment I walked in to walking out.   Next visit Ill be trying the Duck ravioli and the Pork porterhouse which made my mouth water when another table ordered it.
I went to this place recommended by a friend, who said they had the "best burger in town". I do want to say this review is based on expectations, and my experience- if this is your kind of place, well, good for you. So i took my wife for a burger per my buddies recommendation. With a name like "ravenous pig" I expected a more laid back, BBQish, (pork) kinda place. I should have known better when I saw there was a valet parker (not a BBQ pit trademark). The staff was not so friendly since "we didn't have a reservation", we found a "first come" table and started looking at the menu... I was surprised that most dishes were seafood basrd, and that the word "pork" was included in only one dish: the pork belly, which just doesnt sound appetizing. I ended up getting what I came for, the pub burger and don't get me wrong it was ok, but for $12... it was on the meh, plain side. You have to pay $4 for bread, and you get 4 rolls, so $1 a pop, and despite them being delicious (and having a very fancy name), they taste JUST like the butter rolls from Red Lobster, except those are free! Service was friendly but with such a limited and somewhat overpriced menu, that just wasn't enough to save our dinner. The presentation of the food was nice, but I felt that they try too hard, its a very mixed message. from the name, to the menu, to the music, decor... its like if 3 restaurants merged into a pretty interesting, yet confusing and for some dissapointing mix. There's no doubt this place has a following and lives up to the hype. I just had other expectations, my burger was just ok, and overall- they just try too hard to be different. Different is good, when it doesn't feel so forced.
OMG!!! Amazing menu, beautifully executed.  My husband graciously drove me there from Lake Buena  Vista.  We sat at the bar and enjoyed a wonderful meal.  I had an onion tart that reminded me of one I had many years ago in a Paris bistro called La Cour.  It was heaven on a plate.  I can't wait to go back.  The wine selection was outstanding.  The waiters were friendly.  Did I forget to mention the caramel popcorn?  Loved it.  I can't wait to go back.
I never thought I'd have a five star dining experience in ORLANDO! I'm still shocked at how awesome this meal was. This was my first meal with my husband, post-baby. So I was a little nervous to have to venture into uncharted territory and choose a restaurant we've never been to in a state we're not familiar with. I had pretty low expectations, I mean, Orlando, dining destination it is not. DRINKS - We arrive early for a drink at the bar. I like me a pint of Guinness now and then, so I ordered a Left Hand Milk Stout from Colorado I think - this was amazingly better than a Guinness. Not to mention, the guys sitting next to me saw us eying up their home made carmel corn and offered it to us - what a fun bar snack! These same guys were drinking some cocktail with bacon floating in it. I've had plenty of these crazy mixology drinks that look fun and taste terrible, so I wasn't buying it...that is until I ordered it. The The Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned (Bacon Infused Buffalo Trace Bourbon, Vanilla Maple Syrup, Bitters) was shockingly good, and strong enough that sipping one over the course of dinner got me sufficiently buzzed. We had a seat at the bar in front of the open kitchen. This was perfect for me, I love to watch plating and kitchen chaos. APPETIZERS - At our server's recommendation we ordered the Wild Mushroom Manicotti (best part of our meal, hands down) and the duck pot pie (really very good). We also had an order of the Gruyere biscuits which were kind of blah, a little too dense and you couldn't really taste the Gruyere. MAINS - I ordered the chorizo-crusted cod which was pretty good, but it was the white bean puree underneath that was the knockout. I could have eaten just a bowl of that for dinner. Hubby ordered the grilled lamb cassoulet, but wished he had ordered the veal chop once he saw it; still it was very good. DESSERT - The apples fritters rock. They were light and fluffy and delish, served pretty hot, crispy on the outside coated with a little sugar crust. There was a little sauce on the side that was not too-sweet and perfectly complimentary. The milkshake didn't do anything for me, but I drank the whole thing anyway. I loved that this place was reasonable, very casual (I wore jeans and heels) and had a very clean and organized kitchen. Clearly this is a tough reservation to get, I saw a guy storm out with a "do you know who I am" attitude because his table wasn't ready for 30 minutes. But let me say, it's worth waiting for.
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Truly a culinary delight!! Everything I add there blew my socks off! Shrimp and Grits was out of this world! Main course was the lamb and pork chop porterhouse and of course it was great! Only thing was the lamb was a bit small of plate compared to the pork chop. I only got 3 pieces of lamb which left me wanting more, while my friend who had the pork chop was stuffed! But the food was delicious and I would go back in a heart beat when I'm back in town!!! I will tell all my friends about this place!!!
Because driving an hour to Orlando its totally worth it if you are going to The Ravenous Pig.  This was our second visit to this amazing restaurant.  First time we visited during the summer for lunch, so Florida lobster was in season.  Yes, lobster tacos were out of this world. Our second visit was for dinner.  I love when locally owned restaurants change their menus with the seasons.  It works for me every time.  We ordered a couple of appetizers: Tuna Pate, Pork Belly and the Charcuterie table.  Let me just say, that I will be forever dreaming about that Tuna Pate.  If you are used to the same old same old Asian style pan seared tuna, this dish wasn't it.  This tuna pate is what dreams are made of.  The combination of pomegranates, kalamata olives and paper thin sliced radish will haunt you for the rest of your life!  I'm not exaggerating.  It was that good. Luckily the four in our party are great at sharing our dishes so we got to try the Pork Porterhouse, the Steak Frites, the Pappardelle Pasta with Niman Ranch lamb and the Monkfish "Osso-Bucco".  WOW!  All dishes were amazingly presented and the flavors were equally impressive.  The Steak Frites was crispy on the outside, juicy inside, just like the perfect steak should be.  The Niman Ranch lamb was delicious.  The Monkfish was prepared with a chorizo sauce which completely woke up your taste buds.  Everyone at the table wished they had ordered the Pork Porterhouse! For dessert, my favorite was the bread pudding.  And that's saying a lot because I don't normally order bread pudding for dessert.  :) If you are looking for a great evening of wonderful flavors, then look no further.  This is the place to go!
One of the best restaurants in all of Orlando.  To start I had the suvi pork belly then crisped on the grill with the espresso/plumb compote then moved on to the Maine lobster tail that was made into a roulade with the center being a shrimp sausage, wrapped in the lobster tail wrapped in browned prosciutto.  The rest of the dish was a claw meat roasted corn hash.  Had the coconut cream cake in the mason Jar.  It blew me away.  The service was just as incredible as the food and the Old fashion with bacon!!!!!!!! My mouth is salivating just thinking about it.
Been wanting to visit RP for about Three years now, but always needed a reason to go since I'm never on that side of town.  Well the 35th Birthday rolled up and I was looking to wallow in excess, cast caution to the wind, and bask my tastebuds in the fine arts Ravenous Pig prepares for its guests to wine and dine their night away. Seeing how popular the Grueyer Biscuits are I had to try them for myself.  They are Four, golden squares of deliciousnes.  The Grueyer took a back seat but the Smoked Salt Whipped Butter was a fanatastic simple paring.  Love em. Up next the Port Wine Pate Mousse with Strawberry Preserves and Brioche Toast Rounds.  So rich, smooth and delicious coupled by the housemade Strawberry Preservers which had notes of Black Peppercorn which played well off the Port-Wine Pate and butter ladden Broiche.  The portion size was enourmous as much as I wanted to I just couldn't finish it off.  Food 1 -Joe 0. Pork Belly with Caramelized Pineapple with Vanilla, Pistacho Butter, Black Pepper and Basil Tuille.  Finally PORK BELLY!!!  Empires have been formed over such greatness.  Nations have been reduced to rubble.  The Tatonic Plates have collided, new mountain ranges formed and villages have been smited all due to pork belly.  Don't remember that from your public school day?  No worries as you can buy my Book, Porkbelly formed the Universe at NotSoAmazon.com.  Seems the Vatican is trying to supress such knowledge from getting out, so buy your copies up fast.  I find a good Chianti and Chocolate Covered Crispy Porkbelly go hand in hand with the read. 28 oz Pork Porterhouse Brined, Litely Smoked, Grilled and Finished Medium in the overn. Accompanied with Blackeyed Pea Ragu and Mustard Gastrique.  Holy Hell, the Heavens have fallen and landed on my Plate.  Brined, Smoked, Grilled and finished in the oven.  This 28 oz monstrosity of a Porkchop or behemoth if you like was glimmering at me.  I swear it even winked.  Perfectly cooked and mouth wateringly moist through every bite.  The Pork Gods have smiled on Ravenous Pig. All in all I was a dazzled, stuffed, fattened up and I had an feeling, that if I stayed much longer I may never leave.   Ignoring all the trim from this review, if I had to truely sum up Ravenous in one word: LOVE
Mussels with truffle fries and Burger with homemade pickles and sundried tomatoes, topped with blue cheese....If you go here and don't order that...your stupid! The staff is great, the chefs are amazing, and I am never disappointed with the food. My server Kelly is always a sweetheart, always gives great service. Alex is great too, such a hottie :) Larry is a must if you sit at the bar, he can always recommend a good beer! The only thing is, is that the wine list is a little pricey, but they definitely have some great selections, so I end up spending the money anyway! That's what happens in Winter Park, taxes are high!
I've been wanting to come here for the better part of a year now, but it seems that every time I want to go, it's a Sunday.  But we finally got the chance.  Right after the last Christmas eve service at my beloved Northland, we gave the pedal the metal treatment and roared down to Winter Park from Longwood, scattering frightened cyclists and pedestrians along the way.  So when we arrived before 9 o'clock to meet our daughter and her friend there, we weren't merely a mite peckish - we had BECOME where we dined! (You know: "rav______ ___"!) Even though they did not (could not) give us a reservation, the place was more than half empty when we got there.  Our daughter had gotten a table on the pub side - not as cozy as the dining room, but not obnoxiously loud either.  With it being so late, we quickly ordered the Charcuterie to share as a starter, subbed craft beer for wine, and looked through the scrumptious menu.  The beers were all great (smuttynose and a white ale of some kind); I ordered the Czech pilsner for my wife, thinking she doesn't care for heavier beers that are on the bitter side.  This one had a little more hops in it than she liked; so if you're not into that, avoid the pilsener.  "This has been a PSA for non-beer-drinkers..." With a place as hyped up as this, there is always a risk - what if my expectations were set too high?  What if my taste and taste buds weren't manufactured to the same set of specs as my fellow Yelpers?  That'd be awkward if there are 4 gazillion 5-stars against my lone double-star!   My fears were allayed even with the arrival of our charcuterie.  Decked out on a butcher block, our waiter took great care to explain everything we were about to devour ("the wild boar from which this salami was made was captured on October 9th at 4:16 in the afternoon in a forest 2 kilometers north of...") - it's all very nice, but we all felt like saying (well I did, anyway), "SHUT UP, Harrison, and let us EAT!!!   Time and a fading memory prevents me from proffering a blow-by-blow of all the delicious cured meats and terrines and pates that were snapped up only slightly more ceremoniously than a kill on the Serengeti - there were no menacing growls, nor claws flashed, and no teeth bared: just purrs from this contented pride.  At $23, it is on the pricey side for an app - not bad to share among 4 people price-wise, perhaps, but then it's not QUITE enough, especially when EVERYTHING was so good. Dinner choices were 2 chestnut-filled gnocchi, an arctic char, and duck breast.  Sampling pretty much everything left no doubt: here's a high-quality, creative kitchen that knows a thing or two about making delicious meals.  From the texture of the dumpling on my duck to the delectable sauce the gnocchis were bathing in, everything exudes confidence and pride.  I was almost sorry that we didn't linger for dessert - the ladies didn't want any, can you believe? We'll be back.  Now if I can make Sundays go away altogether!!  No wait, that would mean no church and no Sunday School... (Reminiscing about the food has apparently driven me to delirium). (Just to clarify: all that "shut up" talk was said in jest; Harrison is a nice young man and we would not in all seriousness think of telling him to shut up...)
This is one of the best restaurants out there.  Great concept, great execution, great staff!  You know your at a real restaurant when no matter what you ask for they figure out a way to make it happen!  Superb!
We went for their Happy Hour, which included $4 bubbles (champagne).  Very yummy and reasonably priced for the area.  It's a short happy hour (4-530), so be on time!  We also tried the fish bites, which were very good, but literally only 4 bites, the onion dip (good, but I think it was cold and I would have preferred it warm), and the biscuits- very good with the dipping butter.  Great experience, just wish I didn't feel rushed.  We went over to Dexters next since their happy hour is longer.
This was our second trip to the area but in some ways our first.  We stayed at Disney our first go round.  Orlando seemed to be dominated by strip malls and chains. When we saw this restaurant from the road we did a hasty turn around and stopped in.  We only had a light lunch but it was really good.  The turnip apple soup was the best.  We also had a nice spinach salad, with a tasty dressing, and a charcuterie plate that was a bit skimpy.  The place has good service, is nicely decorated and best of all it not of the multitude of strip mall chains.
I've been to The Ravenous Pig a few times now, and each time has been a vastly different experience - but all in a good way.   Our first visit was for a birthday on a Saturday night. I don't remember a lot of details due to the amount of alcohol imbibed, but I know I had the pub burger, and I remember it being absolutely delicious. I also remember everyone raving about their food. My second visit (this one, without my wife) was for one of the pig roasts. For $20, you get a small plate of ribs, collard greens, some black eyed peas, a piece of cornbread, a small dessert and a choice of beer or soda. A pretty great deal - but the ribs are a little on the small side. I know it's kind of implied being a pig roast - but there is no alternative option for non-meat-eaters. I'm not sure the kitchen is serving anything else during the roasts. Our visit last night was a belated birthday dinner for myself. They're closed on Sunday and Monday, so we had to put off dinner there until they were open. I asked a friend who dines there regularly if he thought I needed reservations for a weeknight. He said no. He was wrong. We showed up at about 7pm. The hostess told us the dining room was booked until 8:30pm, but we could sit at the open seating bar and still eat off the full menu. There were, however, no seats left. We stood at the side for a few moments deciding what to do. I guess the hostess saw how dejected we looked and took pity on us. She squeezed us in at a small table. The menu changes from time to time, but they seem to have at least a few items that are mainstays. While I loved the burger before, I wanted to try something different. I went with the steak frites, while my wife got the swordfish.  Of course, we started off with the gruyere biscuits and ordered a couple of drinks to go with it all. I had a "Old Fashioned" which is a bacon infused bourbon with a bacon garnish. My wife ordered a bloody mary, which our waitress said was very tomatoe-y and made with some sort of pickled fruit. The "Old Fashioned" was good, tasting mostly of the orange. The bloody mary - not so good. The waitress said, when she brought it, that it seemed to have been made different tonight. Barely any tomato taste and woefully unseasoned. The biscuits were extra cheesey though - and delicious. Our entrees arrived. They looked fabulous. The steak was cooked perfectly and tasted great. The truffle fries were a bit salty, but we still could have eaten another order of them. My wife enjoyed her swordfish, but felt there were too many vegetables for the plate. A manager walking by asked her for her thoughts as it was a new dish and they were still testing it. We didn't order dessert, but as we paid, the waitress said not to go anywhere, and returned with two half-bite size morsels of dessert - a peanut butter brownie. So, if everything was so great - why only 4 stars? I debated this for a long time last night - and the fact is that while it's all delicious and the service is great, it still feels expensive for what you get. Our bill came out to $80 last night, and to be honest - I was still hungry. Yes, we could have eaten and drank cheaper there (get well drinks instead of signature cocktails, get burgers or pasta instead of fish and steak), but if I get a steak that costs almost $30, I only want to be left wanting more because it was so great - not because it wasn't enough food.
I went with my girlfriend and we had a great time, with very attentive service, excellent and creative food and good drinks. -very creative menu, you don't see options like these at any old restaurant, there might be 1 or 2 in a city like this -the service was second to none, the waiter was very attentive, taking care of our every need and explaining the options in detail -the food was terrific, we had a duck and venison dish, and started out with mussels for an appetizer -we felt like we got a lot of value out of the price we paid($100 for two entrees, an app, two glasses of wine, two drinks, side dish) I'd highly recommend going here!
We came in no reservation. A tip to everyone! " Never walking into this place without a reservation"   It took me over an hour to get a booth for two people. ALWAYS GET A RESERVATION. Food: Crispy red shrimp tacos - yum greAt mixtures. Also order the cHarcuterie -  an appetizer that had a bit of everything from chicken moose to dill cauliflower, salami,etc.  In addition, there was a dish that was ordered that had  Two type of lamb. It was amazing. However, The best dish was the porkchop porter. It was cooked to perfection. It was very tender and seasoned well.  It was a really big portion.   Great creativity with the food  -  4.5/5 Service: After we sat  down, our waitress was great. She was very attentive even though she had over  7 tables to cover.   4/5   Atmosphere: they had a very creative decoration. I love how everything  came together really well. They had photo frames on the ceiling. They had a really nice big old school bar.  I did not had the chance to see the dining room because we ate by the bar.  4/5 Overall, this place is amazing. they change their menu every week. So i will definitely come back to this place with a reservation.  It was a bit pricey for the type of food that they were serving. However, the creativity makes up for it.  I hope they can introduce more seafood or a combination of seafood and pork dishes into the menu.
This is my favorite restaurant in Orlando. The atmosphere is low key - combination pub and find dining. Great selection of beer and wine. Entrees are pricey but worth it.
The best pork chop I have ever expierenced in life.  I eat alot of meat and im from the midwest.   I cant stop thinking about the pefect blend of seasoning and cookng techniques.... staff at the restaurant is very friendly and helpful.
This place is a must-try for food lovers in the Central Florida area. The food is creative and consistently delicious. Their menu changes often enough to keep diners interested, while still maintaining a few favorites on the menu. Their mahi sandwich, in my opinion, is the best fish sandwich in Central Florida. It's to die for. Their french fries are also amazing--thin, crispy, and full of flavor. Other family favorites are their gruyere biscuits, deviled eggs, lobster tacos and hamburgers. One of my absolute favorite restaurants in Winter Park. The only thing I'd like to criticize is that some of the dishes are overly complicated or just don't seem to quite work. It's as if they have this great idea but then when it's actually made into reality and put on a plate, it's kind of odd and not really that great. This doesn't happen often and the dish usually doesn't last very long, but it's never pleasant when you order something that sounds really interesting but then arrives and is pretty gross. The best dishes at the Ravenous Pig tend to be the simplest. Don't order something overly crazy sounding and you should be good. The quality of their ingredients and their dedication to local and organic produce is awesome. Also, try the beer!
One word describes this place: overrated. It's consistently mentioned as the best restaurant in the Orlando area but I'm not convinced. My boyfriend and I came for dinner during our Disney World trip. We wanted to avoid eating at the parks but I don't think the food here was worth the drive. We ordered the gruyere biscuits, shrimp & grits, charcuterie appetizer, pub burger, pork porterhouse, and pumpkin creme brulee. The biscuits and shrimp and grits were good but I wouldn't say there was anything particularly memorable about either. The much-hyped charcuterie appetizer looked impressive but definitely didn't live up to the hype. Our waiter mentioned that the pub burger was voted best in Orlando and I have to disagree. I found it to be too salty and heavy and could barely eat half of it. The truffle fries were also a little salty for my taste. The pork porterhouse was huge and had great flavors but was a little too heavy. Finally, our waiter recommended the pumpkin creme brulee for dessert. We shared the dessert which was a little disappointing because it didn't have the creamy consistency that creme brulee should have. Overall my experience here was disappointing. I was disappointed that we left Disney World early and disappointed that we spent over $100 for mediocre food. We might as well have stayed at Epcot for the Food & Wine Festival.
The Ravenous Pig is a gastro-pub with a welcoming and warm environment: tin ceilings, exposed brick walls, wooden tables and chairs and part-terrazzo style and part-carpeted flooring. Service is attentive and friendly, also lending to the welcoming feel of the restaurant. The food is very good, though perhaps not the five star fare that so many reviewers have given it. We tried the soft pretzels ($6), which were street vendor sized, well salted and came with grainy mustard and a tallegio-porter fondue for dunking. The warm pretzels were tasty enough, but not very soft. The mustard was a fair accompaniment but the fondue should have made the dish. It fell short because it was a thin and runny... not rich or as flavorful as it sounds. The Tomato Tart ($12) was much better, with a flaky pie crust and a solid, satisfying blue cheese filling, The tart was covered with wedges of warm tomatoes and drizzled with a balsamic-caramel reduction that tied the dish together. A small salad of greens and almonds shared the plate with the tart, but were flat tasting and unnecessary. Perhaps if the salad were dressed with some balsamic-caramel reduction, it might have added something to the dish. A wonderfully smoked lamb merguez sausage ($9) arrived in what might have been a perfect accompaniment of cumin flavored yogurt. The dish was too busy, however, with the addition of heirloom carrots, raisin salad & mustard seeds to the yogurt sauce. I love a good salad, but there were too many distractions to the centerpiece of this dish, which was the full flavored sausage. Pork Tortellini in a pozole broth ($11), inspired by the Mexican pork and hominy stew, was surprisingly bland although the pork filling in the pasta was tasty enough. Pastrami-Spiced Veal Cheeks ($26) were excellent, delicately prepared and sweetened with radicchio-red onion agrodolce (the chef's take on a traditional sweet and sour sauce found in Italian cuisine). It was served on farro cooked in a risotto style, however, which was - you guessed it - bland and uninspired. The wine list is pretty international, with roughly 90 selections, about two-thirds of which are available by the glass. Prices range from the low $30's to over $300 and are fairly marked at about 2 x retail. This IS a gastro-pub, so there must be beer...and there is! Eight beers on tap and three in bottle come from small American breweries. The Ravenous Pig is certainly worth a try if you are in the downtown Orlando/Winter Park area. The food is creative, although the dishes are in need of some tweaking to merit the kind of applause that this husband & wife team are searching for. Nevertheless, it is a pretty popular spot, so call ahead and make a reservation if you intend to go for dinner. Valet parking is free.
The food is really GOOD! This place is perfect for the pretentious Winter Park crowd (The ones talking excessively loud about the bottle of wine they are drinking.) that thinks if you pay a lot for something it must be great. The food is overpriced by 33% and the Wine is overpriced by 28%, The food is just a subjective estimate, but the wine is pretty much a standard that if you compare store prices to restaurant prices the mark up should be around 200%. And if you pay more then 250% it's gouging. But the place is always packed, so who am I to complain about prices! If they reduced their prices by the aforementioned they would get 5 stars, OR if they brought their standards up to match their prices. For the current prices they need to show a level of absolute perfection! Some of the biggest misses (for the current price), and I am being very critical: Food Temp. some items were perfect, but a few missed the mark, mainly sides, Also, Wine temp. Had a bottle that was served at the right temp, but then ordered a glass the was below 55 degrees (refrigerated to hold it longer). It's a complete facade! But it is GOOD! and If you don't mind overpaying I would make a reservation because walk ins are rare.
A fantastic meal and a great experience.  It was a busy day at the pig but the wait was very short.  Our server was competent and friendly.  We fully expected our food to take a while to come out since they were slammed. We had no problem with the wait time but management apparently did.  The manager came out to personally apologize, comped one of our meals and provided free dessert.  I would give them 5 stars without that happening as the food and staff are excellent however the additional experience impressed me with their extra consideration toward customer satisfaction.
One of the best dining experiences in the Orlando area. Getting reservations can be tough, but with a little planning, it will be worth the wait. Service was prompt considering it was a full house, and the food arrived within a reasonable amount of time. The locally sourced food is excellent, and well worth the premium price.
Its very rare that I'm disappointed by a  restaurant highly recommended by my fellow yelpers but this is one of those times. I'd been looking forward to our reservation for months but was not impressed with my meal. We started with the gruyere biscuits which was definitely the highlight of the meal. It was all downhill from there on my end. Ordered the pork dish as my entrée and after a few bites I found myself forcing myself to eat it. It was just way too sweet for a pork dish. Paired with a bread pudding on top of sweet potato puree and candied pecans it was just overdone. My husband however enjoyed his venison plate but I can't say much about that. Dessert was nothing notable. .just three different gelato flavors. I asked the waitress to bring me a side of the truffle fries because my meal was too sweet and I needed something a little salty, but it was more than a little salty. It tasted like it was marinated in salt! Sorry but burger king's fries taste better than that. Our waitress was nice though so extra star for her.
I definitely feasted very well at The Ravenous Pig last night. First, everyone that we encountered (valet guy, hostess, waitress) were courteous and friendly. Yay! Second, the dining room was very well-decorated and had a good ambience to it. The only, and it's really very minor, issue is the noise level. When it's completely full and everyone is talking, the drone of all the voices blending together can become very loud very fast. But, the food. Ah, the food. What delicious food. We started with the Gruyere Biscuits and they were absolutely divine. They were soft, flaky and paired perfectly with the smoked sea salt butter. I wanted more! But I knew I had to save room for the main course and dessert, and I didn't have much to begin with. My main course was the Steak Frites, while my dining partner got the Berkshire Pork Porterhouse. My steak was cooked like I had asked (medium well) and it was delicious! It wasn't tough at all and the "crust" had the right amount of seasoning. The side of truffle fries was ah-maze-ing. I don't know if I can still appreciate regular french fries after that. I tried the porterhouse as well, and wow, if food could melt in your mouth, that one almost did. I wasn't too big a fan of the Caramelized Onion-Maitake Bread Pudding side, but my dining partner loved it. The only minor issue I had with the porterhouse was that it seemed to grow increasingly salty the more bites I took. But I like my food salty, so it wasn't that big a deal for me. For dessert, we ordered the Banana Caramel Bread Pudding with Pecan-Praline Ice Cream. And, surprise surprise, it was delicious too! Oh, I almost forgot about the alcoholic beverages! We tried the Southampton Double White Ale, of which I am not really a fan of, and the Coney Island Mermaid Pilsner, of which I am a fan of. Let's just say that by the end of the meal, there was indeed a party in my tummy, and my palate was exhausted from all the culinary experience and adventure. I would definitely be coming back here, but probably not that often since I'm not really made of money (as much as I've wished I was).
One of our favorites. Sit at the bar to get all the goodies with out the wait! The dining room is great too. Beer selection is awesome and is always changing like the menu. Never had a bad bite. Everything is fresh and often local. Homemade ice cream is to die for. Never knew you could have pig so many ways.
I've lunched here twice in the last month, once solo at the bar and once with friends in the restaurant. Either is a great option if you are in the area. Lunch at the Bar: Popped in when an appointment ended early and could get my Lobster Taco fix. I've been ordering this item since they opened and it's still perfection. The succulent pieces of sweet Lobster are tempura fried, lightly dressed and piled in the soft corn tortilla shell over cabbage. Pickled jalapenos can be in the taco or on the side, they have the right amount of heat and tang- they add a great layer of flavor to this dish. The tacos are topped with an avocado creme, a trio of tacos make up the order. I enjoyed an iced tea, watched TV and caught up on emails on my phone. Tacos were out quickly and the bartender made sure my tea was always full while attending to bar orders and other lunch diners around the bar. Great option for a quick bite when your time is short. Lunch in the restaurant: Enjoyed a Saturday lunch with friends, no rush. Made reservations through Opentable.com.  Started our meal off with the Gruyere biscuits with smoked sea salt butter. (pic posted) Seriously, they are outstanding!! We were quickly brought our beverages, ordered lunch and watched the restaurant fill to capacity over the next 20 minutes. Friends both ordered the Pub burgers with Truffle fries. the Large burger patty came served with caramelized onions, sundried tomato relish and blue cheese. Both were cooked to their specific temperatures, one med well, one med. Both commented more than once how juicy and tasty the burger was. I ordered the shrimp and oyster po boy, which is outstanding. It comes topped with a fennel and apple slaw, I opted for the truffle fries as well. Nice mix of (local) Canaveral Shrimp and Oysters, both were exceedingly fresh tasting and perfectly cooked. Yum!
Best salad I've had in a long time. Wagyu beef, heirloom carrots, satsuma baby beets, buttermilk ricotta and pomegranate with a broken beet vinaigrette
I've wanted to try this place for a while, due largely to its Yelp reputation (and if Tom B. gives it 5 stars, believe it!)  I finally got my chance to try it for lunch the other day and overall it was a great experience. We walked in to a mostly-full restaurant and were seated immediately. We started with the house-made soft pretzels paired with a whole grain mustard and taleggio-porter fondue.  The pretzels smelled outstanding and tasted great without any help, but both the mustard and the airy, light fondue were simply amazing.  I don't even like mustard (at least, not the standard yellow mustard) but this stuff -- I couldn't stop eating it. The fondue was no different, we could have eaten it all day. For lunch, I opted for the Po' Boy, which promised to be much more interesting than the name implies with pork belly, oysters, and shrimp all packed into a delicious, crunchy baguette and topped with an apple and parsnip slaw.  The sandwich was flanked by a cup full of truffle fries. The sandwich was a delicious combination of flavors that, once picked up off the plate, was never set back down.  The truffle fries were delicious although if they had just been called "fries" I wouldn't have known the difference -- they were great in their own right but I didn't taste any hint of the truffle oil. So I do love the place, and I'm excited to come back and try some other options.  Although... maybe not too often, as it's definitely on the expensive side (po' boys can't afford these po' boys!) with our two lunches and the two pretzels coming in at over $40 before tip.
No reservations before 6pm on a Tuesday night? I was expecting to be WOW'd.  Not really....Food was good but def not GREAT!  I had the goat cheese salad which was very good, I actually thought it was the best part of my meal.  I also ordered the rock shrimp tacos...not impressed, and this is one of the signatures??!!  Shared the quiche style goat cheese tart, again not impressed. Other party members I ate with had Shrimp and Grits-they said it was very good but very buttery, Pasta was said to be very good as well.  This is off the rotation, due to over priced and not meeting my expectations.....
I agree, with others. The Ravenous Pig takes themselves a little too seriously. Or more so the hosting staff. Even though our party of 3 arrived on a Saturday at 5:30pm and the restaurant was nearly empty the hostess staff made us feel somewhat "beneath them" because we didn't have a reservation. We waited 20 minutes to be seated and when we were, the dining room was still nearly empty?  When we asked to move to a booth we were told "they might be spoken for". 5 minutes later we were told we could move to the booth. No thanks, we weren't going to move from our table at this point. Our waiter Brandon was actually very knowledgeable about the menu (even though it changes daily) and very accommodating. The food was good and ingredients fresh, but a tad overpriced. I have had a better burger from a food truck for less money. The cocktails look outstanding, but for $12 each, well again, a tad overpriced. So the lessen here is: even though it is a gastropub you should make a reservation and be prepared to pay more than you think.
This was my first gastro pub.  It certainly started an obsession.  The gruyere biscuits and lobster tacos are out of this world.  I sat at the bar looking into the kitchen and this place is run like a well oiled machine.
For lunch the other day I had the best fish I've had in years. I ordered the Mahi Mahi sandwich without the bun and with the side salad. They did a beautiful job plating the fish and salad. The accompanying sauce was absolutely delish. This dish gets my pricey but worth it designation.
Overall the food was good... Was somewhat disappointed with the menu options (there was only one steak option) and most of the dishes were seafood which is great but unexpected.  The hostess was somewhat rude and demanded we sit in the bar area because we didn't have a reservation.  However, no one came in and sat the entire time...
The Pig is my go-to place for special events.  The food is delicious!  I highly recommend the lobster tacos and gruyere biscuits.  I agree wtih the other reviews about reservations.  And yes, it can be pricey, but if you avoid drinking (the cocktails are steep) you can keep the costs to a pretty reasonable level.   Everyone I've ever brought here always wants to come back.  Big thumbs. Way up.
First time I had bone marrow.   Great place with awesome waitors.
Well apparently Winter Park is where I will be going when I'm in Orlando.  The Ravenous Pig definitely was NOT a disappointment.   From the service to the food, everything was amazing.  Harrison our waiter patiently answered all of my many question and provided great recommendations.  I loved that the menu is changed frequently (I believe except for the Steak Frites and the Burger) and that they use seasonal and local items.  All of the dishes were extremely fresh and flavorful, my duck breast was truly delicious.  I was surprised at the size of the breast, and the taste  was outstanding.  My other favorite was The Crisp, which was filled with Strawberry Rhubarb and topped with brown sugar and Homemade Toffee Ice Cream! Just deliciously gooey!!   Can't wait to try it again!
Not a place to go weekly, but definitely a place to go. Just like previous people said, get the biscuits. Also, the chicken and waffles are a must order. We had the pork belly as well, but it wasn't as good as it could had been. Perhaps because it was just an appetizer size. Would love to see it as an entrée. My wife had the Pub burger, which was juicy and flavorful, but similar to other good burger joints. Great beer selection.
Went for my girlfriend's birthday to get a nice meal after all the raving in local reviews and even word of mouth.  From the start we both got nervous. Hostess seamed annoyed to seat us, the server showed up only to take our drink order and food order, never to be seen until I waved him down to complain the fish was extremely under cooked. They did offer to reheat the meal, which was nice , but the server wasn't hospitable about the issue. Just took the plate and did what he had to. I'd say for the most part everyone did what they "had to" but neither actually liked what they were doing. The food was extremely salty and wasn't anything to "rave" about. Plenty of better places for the money and experience. Yes, going out to eat is an experience. If I just wanted mindless food without the thrill I'd stay home and get take out.
My favorite restaurant in Orlando
I'm in a quandary.  On the one hand, I love what the ravenous pig is trying to do.  Local, organic and sustainable cuisine.  A husband and wife team trying to make a differentiated experience in a sea of chain hell.  On the other hand! I simply think the ravenous pig tries to hard to make interesting dishes.  That's where they fail.   So here's what I loved.  Our waitress was super enthusiastic.  She rattled off 10 + dishes that were her favorite and why.  There was a super extensive wines by the glass list so we were able to try different wines to our heart's content.  The food had its tasty moments (menu changes all the time) but nothing so memorable that I'd say "you must have this!" Maybe I'm a toughie.  I live in NYC and my date was a fellow foodie.   I loved what they are trying to do.  It's probably a lot better than most of the Orlando fare but difficult for me to rate beyond good food but not terribly memorable.
went fro the Saturday Lamb Roast !!!  strange sides !!!!    the Lamb was well lets just say i would not feed to my Dog if i had one !  was really bad , or was it the dogs meat they served my Wife and her friend ?   will have to be a long time before i go back there disappointing as it could be such a great place next time they  serve  a Lamb  Grill i recommend you  stay away !!!
Breakdown: Gruyere biscuits: eh, good, not heavenly, like every one suggests The tacos: would have been great if the shrimp weren't tempura fried. Made it too heavy. Although the jalapeño slices did help "cut" the grease Gnocchi: kinda gross. I love gnocchi, and this just didn't cut it Steak frites: the steak was cooked well, but the truffle fries just didn't have any truffle flavor at all. Good wine options. However, this is just not remarkable enough to return.
Was very excited to finally eat at the ravenous pig.The food was excellent, the service and the drinks where only average. Definitely check this place out just don't  waste $12 on their cocktails.
As much as we love the food here... we can only give this place 3 stars. The greeter staff has never been too friendly & always seem to look down upon you when you walked in without a reservation. Interesting that they do this since every time we've called, the earliest they always have available is 9:30 pm! We've always been pretty lucky just walking in & once we got passed the greeters, the food always made us forget the trouble we had to go through just getting there. The last few times though, we've been told the restaurant is fully booked (even though there were numerous empty tables) & that we could come back around the magical hour of 9:30 pm again to try & get seated. We hope they realize how many loyal customers they are losing from their inadequate seating/reservations system! Maybe if we call two weeks ahead for a reservation then we can finally get in...
I had lunch here at around noon on a saturday, we were seated right away even though the hostess told us there was a wait. This place was full of good everything. And talk about a small world out server is from Sacramento!!! Right on B**. Who would've thought I come 3000 miles and end up with a server from my home town. By the way She was awesome got us everything we needed and fast. Now for the food,(awww yeah boy) I had the burger cooked medium I really glad they didn't make me get it med well. That was cool. The bun was excellent. The meat was on point with the bleu cheese on top. a healthy portion too and it was some good Bleu not that cheap shit that gives bleu cheese a bad reputation. The burger also came with house made pickles and marinated tomatoes. MMM I can taste those right now. They were excellent. A side of fries tosssed in truffle oil. Oh yeah.... They had a good flavor. ( I do wish they used a stronger truffle essence though) But I understand why they wouldn't waste the liquid gold on some fries. They were good though. My boy Pak had the shrimp tacos. they were on point he was given the option of ordering 3 or 4 so I asked him to get 4 and give me one. I glad I did, It was good. But the burger and the tomatoes and the pickles. Man I think I'm just gonna have to go ahead and say It was the best burger I've ever had. Too bad it's in Orlando, and I live in CALI. The bacon on the burger was right on the money too. To the chef, Please keep doing what you're doing. And don't sell out man unless it for about 100 mill.
Okay, I'm giving it 5 stars because the food is so fabulous, but it's so pricy I almost gave it 4.  But the food was so incredible I couldn't bear to mark it down.  The menu changes every month, which makes it cool and exciting to try regularly, and everything I've tasted is ridiculously good. The staff are friendly and attentive, all our food came out in good time, the bathrooms are clean, and the decor is very chic. Definitely a great place for a special occasion!
The Ravenous Pig is a welcome addition to the Orlando restaurant scene.  My girlfriend and I went there this past Saturday night and I loved it.  She is a chicken only eater so it was a little more difficult for her to find an entree on the menu.  I could have been satisfied ordering any entree as they all looked appealing.  I had the foie gras appetizer, suckling pig entree, Gruyere biscuits and a Brooklyn lager.  I highly recommend all of those.  The Gruyere biscuits were a little on the greasy side even for a biscuit, but had delicious flavor.  The foie gras was seared perfectly.  The desserts looked interesting as we saw them going to other tables, but the descriptions and titles made them seem bland.  We skipped dessert and went out for ice cream afterward. The only comment I would have is for originality.  I mean the "gastropub" concept is cool and new to Orlando, but The Ravenous Pig seems a little too "inspired" by The Spotted Pig (thespottedpig.com) in NYC.  Nonetheless, very good food and great draft beers so I cannot complain.
Fellow Yelpers, Well, I finally got to try out this joint.  Sure, I'm as late to the party as a worrisome period, but the egg finally dropped and everything has returned to normal again.  That was quite the graphic analogy, but to maintain my consistently audacious comments I refuse to back space my way into generic town. Anyway, I had an opportunity to make reservations here through 'opentable' so I can continue to rack up points with them in their system.  Although, it is extremely difficult to find availability at this restaurant.  It is almost as if I am trying to schedule an audience with King George III.  My advice is to book something way in advance in order to obtain such a 'coveted and sought after' dining table. I had a bit of trouble arriving here since my sense of direction was rather lacking due to the absence of my glasses.  Apparently, George Costanza is not correct when claiming that squinting gives one 20/20 vision.  It only initiates mild headaches after some time and further solidifies unhappy wrinkles on the brow.  Therefore, be sure that if you're heading west on Fairbanks/Aloma to make a left at the bifurcation and head down Orange Avenue just past Fiddler's Green.  The place will be about 3 minutes down the road on your left, or 10 minutes if you're over 70 years of age. Parking is a bit difficult if the night is busy, you may have to walk just a tad after parallel parking somewhere nearby.  If parallel parking is your worst nightmare, I suggest taking advantage of their valet service. Walking into the restaurant I was very happy to see that it was teeming with life and very crowded.  This type of activity usually means that the place does indeed maintain its reputation as a great spot for the epicurean snob.   The inside of the restaurant is well designed, not too large, but not too small like a Manhattan studio apartment.  Three separate areas are partitioned and compartmentalized creating a more intimate ambiance (see my photo). The waiter was very cordial and extremely anxious and ecstatic in talking about the options available to us on the menu.  He was very detailed about everything, at one point I was considering asking him for the specific ingredients of each dish presented.  Nevertheless, he did happen to advise me on a specific wine to try and I must say it was pure money.  It was a white wine, a glass of Muscadet '11.  It was fresh and yummy (see my photo).   For appetizers I was immediately sold on two options; the Creekstone Farms Beef Tartare (see my photo), and the Pork Belly & Diver Scallop (see my photo).  The presentation was outstanding.  Although, the second appetizer was put in a very nonfunctional plate which was clearly utilized only for aesthetic purposes.  The beef tartare was exceptional, it came with some caviar on top and a tiny sunny side up egg which seemed to have been hit by Rick Moranis's shrinking beam (Honey, I Shrunk the Kids 1989 reference).  I spread these delicious items over a crunchy crostini and proceeded to enjoy it thoroughly.  The pork belly was also delicious, extremely well done and almost reminiscent of Chicharrón[es] in their texture.  The Scallop was also delicious (but not reaching the divinity in taste of Ocean Prime's continuous monopoly on the local Scallop offerings). For the main course, the two dishes selected were the Steak Frites (see my photo) and the Broken Arrow Ranch Sarsaparilla Venison (see my photo).  The steak frites is a difficult dish to disappoint considering its satisfying and simplistic contents.  The 'frites' were lightly bathed in truffle oil which is like coating an average piece of stone in fine 24k gold.  No disappointments here.  The venison dinner was also delicious; I recommend ordering it medium rare given the type of meat involved.   Finally for the 'Pièce de résistance,' the bread pudding (see my photo) was ordered for dessert.  My my, the combination of ingredients here just make for an end result that is like a continuous re-run of the happiest moment in your life reduced to small bites and experienced in taste rather than any other sensation.  You'll get the idea by reading the following list:  chocolate-hazelnut bread pudding, nutella ice cream, hazelnut brittle.  I honestly don't what your inner fat kid is still doing reading this and not heading to this place for this much [un]needed dessert. Overall,  The Ravenous Pig is top notch.  Some dishes are cooked with locally grown ingredients which is always a +1 in my book.  The atmosphere is fantastic, the cocktail list intriguing, the food is amazing, and the service was great.  So, please go! Sláinte!
I've been here twice for dinner and both times had a wonderful experience. The wait staff was helpful and well-informed about the menu and the wine list. The food itself from the appetizers to the entrees to the desserts were both creative and very tasty. I would not hesitate to come back again. It's one of Orlando's great foodie spots.
Great place featuring farm to table food and very unique cocktails.  Great service and a cool ambiance made for a great dinner and evening.
Was super excited to dine at the Pig during our short visit to Orlando.  We didn't have reservations so we decided to show up early...at 6pm.  The place was packed, all the tables were taken or reserved, luckily the hostess was able to seat us at the chef's table/counter which comprised of 6 bar stools over looking the kitchen...it was an AWESOME experience.   Drinks: -Green Room and Ron Raike Ravenous Ruby Red Ale - loved this ale!  Just the right amount of bitterness to start our meal and take the edge away from our big feast.   -The Ravenous Pig Old Fashioned - read so much about this drink on Yelp that we had to try one.  Bacon infused bourbon, maple syrup, and garnished with a slice of bacon...the presentation was classy yet different with the bacon.  At first sip the drink was STRONG...but we followed fellow Yelper recommendations and let the drink sit and boy what a difference 10-15 mins can make - the ice melted, the flavors blended together, and the drink became super smooth! Starters: -Gruyere Biscuits - 4 warm cheesy biscuits that started off our feast.  The smoked butter that came with the biscuits was to die for! -Crispy Pig's Feet - Not what I had expected (which was a crispy fried pig's feet.)  The dish looked more like a fried patty than pig's feet.  It was served beautifully on the plate with a bed of gravy with fried pickles.  The unexpected textures and flavors were delish. -House-made Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese - this came with a smorgasbord of goodies.  A jar of pickled cauliflowers, foie gras parfait, sopresata, bresaola, mortadella, blue cheese...the list goes on and on.  It's served with a basket of different artisan breads.  The charcuterie was pretty good, the stand out items was definitely the pickled cauliflowers and foie gras parfait.   -Side of the house truffle fries - served in a beer glass, these fries were fried to golden perfection.  But I didn't taste the truffle flavor. Entrees: -Pork Porterhouse - OMG...huge cut of pork...but it was delicious.  The porterhouse was cooked to perfection, tender and moist it was delicious.  Served with a side of cantaloupes which I thought was strange at first but one bite and I was hooked, the cantaloupe went surprisingly well with the pork.   Dessert: -Sorbet - you get to mix and match 3 flavors.  We picked raspberry and coconut.  A refreshing way to end our meal. Overall: Service here was excellent, the server was attentive and friendly and definitely knew a lot about the menu.  Loved that we got to sit at the chef's table/counter, definitely helped with the overall experience when you get to see everything that's going on in the kitchen and the amazing food that's coming out of it.  The bar was packed and energetic and the drinks are great.  If you're visiting Orlando definitely make a trip out to the Pig, it's worth the short drive!
Absolutely my favorite place to be in Orlando, at least when it involves stuffing my piehole with delicious foodstuffs. If you're new to the Ravenous Pig, you may notice some things that don't seem to add up what with all the rave reviews of gourmet-quality food. First off, the prices are pretty damned excellent for what you're getting. I've had 4 people, including myself, eat there and the full bill was barely $70. Try that at an Emeril's or Season's and you'll run well into the triple digits (and this is better, anyway). It's also incredibly laid back and not at all what you'd expect from a place that's generally regarded as ritzy - sure, you have some douchey popped collars occasionally, but the atmosphere created by the staff is like a well-maintained and extremely classy bar where anyone who appreciates good food is welcome. And all of this, when it comes down to it, ALL of it really doesn't matter when you get to the food, which is the absolute heart of everything done at this establishment. The menu changes seasonally and seemingly on the whim of the chefs themselves based on the availability of ingredients that mostly come from local farms (even the meat!). There's a few seemingly permanent staples -- the truffle fries, the biscuits, the mussels, the monthly whole animal roasts, all excellent and well worth a try. You can sense the adventure in the preparation of each dish, especially if it's one you've never seen on the menu before. There's an experimentation with flavors here in every meal that just melts into a melange of amazing tastes. The only drawback I see to this is you may encounter something you don't like in this little dash across the uncharted culinary waters. But it's a small price to pay, and the staff are always unerringly accommodating. Either way, even if you're not an adventurous diner, give the Pig a try. There's always something delicious there. And if you do have a penchant for the new and the delicious, then it's an absolute must.
Holy Pig!  I love this place.  I came here while on vacation with my girlfriend and two friends and we were pretty skeptical since we are New Yorkers and have great food up there (I know.. snooty right?).  Our waiter was awesome and was very excited about the menu which is always good to see.  We ordered everything he recommended: Home made ramen with pork belly Pretty good... the pork belly was excellent.  The noodles were perfectly cooked but the broth is a bit rich... shouldn't drink it by itself. Gruyere biscuits Highly recommended.  The Gruyere really stands out.  Best biscuit ever. Steak tartare Excellent steak tartare.  Very fresh tasting. Shrimp and grits Must-have dish along with the Gruyere biscuits. Steak Frites with truffle fries They give you ALOT of truffle fries... the four of us could barely finish them but we had to since they were so delicious.  They use truffle salt instead of truffle oil so it's not greasy.  The steak was perfectly cooked (med-rare) and you can definitely taste the difference between the Prime Niman beef and others.   2x Crispy seared yellowtail with creamless creamed corn (AMAZING) The creamless corn was ridiculously good.  I don't know what the chef did but he must have put crack in it.  The fish was excellent also but the creamless corn was definitely the star of the dish. Coconut Cake Pretty good but nothing amazing.  Our waiter recommended the chocolate cake but we wanted something light after our huge meal. You could taste the freshness of the ingredients in every dish.  I really applaud the chef for his hard work.  The prices are great too!  We definitely did not miss New York prices.  They have a great beer list and a decent wine list.  We wish we had a place like this in New York.  We miss you Ravenous Pig!  Stop reading and go make your reservation! Note - Try the "Prime Niman Ranch" beef... you will not be disappointed.  It is excellent quality meat. Note 2 - Be sure to make reservations.
Good luck trying to get a table here on a weekend! They are busy! After a moderate wait, we were finally seated. The service was good, not great. The food, however, was impeccable. We got: *Roasted Bone Marrow* It might sound less-than-appetizing, but it is actually one of the most delicious things I've ever put in my mouth. If you're feeling daring, you will not be disappointed. I promise. *The Pub Burger* It was gigantic. Filling. Delicious. Tender. Fresh. Amazing in every way. Served with the most inredible fresh-cut fries ever. You can't go wrong with this. *Lobster Tacos* I'm not a huge fan of lobster, but these tacos really won me over. If you're hungry, the portion size may not be to your liking, but the taste certainly will be. *Tart* Not my favorite dessert of all time, but my date seemed to love it. I will defer others on an actual review since I only had a few bites.
There may be better food in Orlando, but I haven't found it.  The quality of the ingredients is very high, the presentation near perfect, the service friendly and the food frankly delicious.  We went there on a whim for our anniversary and after nearly having to beat down a queue jumping couple who tried to poach our table we had a nearly perfect meal of salad, steak tartare, and burger on the pub side.  This was our second visit.  I doubt that you can get a mediocre meal here.  Be warned, the place is wildly popular.  Get a reservation if you want the dining side and expect to wait, and maybe snarl like a vicious dog to get a booth on the pub side.
Let's just start with I like me some good eats, and this is GOOD EATS! I will say this is my first written review, but will make a point to write more because I hear that there are some... rather a lot of fake reviews out there =( So with each post, I hope to post some pics, so you'll believe that this is a real review! So, after driving around, and finding that Orlando is the land of chain restaurants, I was getting discouraged if I would find some unique good eats. I clearly have a lot more exploring to do, but I looked to Yelp and Google for some help. So being one of the semifinalists for the 2011 James Beard Award for Best Chef in the South, and the fact that it's called "The Ravenous Pig" (what an awesome name!) didn't set high expectations for this place! And I hate it, I mean HATE IT, when I get my hopes up and get dismally disappointed when they don't deliver. Happy to report that The Ravenous Pig didn't disappoint!!! My boyfriend was the total skeptic, since he likes to find the hole-in-the-wall diamond-in-the-rough good eats... he was very pleasantly surprised and impressed. What did we have... STARTERS -Crispy Pig Trotter: interesting, tasty (but isn't everything that's battered and fried?), worth trying, but not amazing -House-made Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese: great variety, good flavors, and more filling than we expected! *Would recommend both. If I had to choose between the two, I'd choose the charcuterie and cheese over the trotter ENTREES -Prime Beef Brisket-with kings farms athena melon, heirloom tomato panzanella, sweet mustard glaze, pickled watermelon rind chutney -Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast-bbq beluga lentils, glazed artichokes, dragon beans, rhubard-basil relish (Czech beer & Cab) *Would definitely recommend both!! A lot of interesting flavors with both dishes that really went well with each other and the meats were perfectly cooked! The duck is cooked sous vide and then finished off with a crispy skin. Ahhhh... so juicy, crispy and good!!! The brisket was served with a cantaloupe tasting melon... sounds strange and wrong, but is soooo right!! The portions were perfect... if you think it's too small, maybe you should do some caloric counting and check your BMI. Ambiance and decor were nice, but really, this place is about the food!
We had a great lunch here over the weekend. The oyster and shrimp poboy was super, as were the fries. My wife enjoyed the lobster tacos. Reception area was a bit confused, and the parking was tight. The interior is well done and the focus is on the food which was very freshly prepared and served quickly. very good selection of wines which are all available by the glass.
I wish I could give 3.5 stars, but alas... My manpiece and I have been going to the Pig since it opened and, I'm sad to say, our visits are becoming less frequent. The atmosphere is great--you get big-boobed blondes, rico suave dudes, old folks, preppy folks, and plenty of hipsters. They often play your standard old rock, which nicely melts into the background, and most people seem like they're having a good time. The sadsies part, though, is their food. It's as if they're trying so hard to stay on that foodie-gastro pub-hey look at me line that they stopped making simple yet delicious gourmet. Everything is so rich that my man and I often both have stomach issues later on (glad for that tidbit?). If you are a vegetarian or are simply not in the mood for meat--do not go here. In 2012, in a popular restaurant, I can't for the life of me figure out why the Pig refuses to keep a meatless dish on the menu. I know it seems whacky--what will those hippies think of next??!--but vegetarian food CAN BE fulfilling, exciting, delicious, and fun. It's crazy, I know! And the Ravenous Pig seems like just the place to do something interesting with vegetarian cuisine. Yes, I get it, the name is Ravenous PIG... (But no, not all vegetarians like or want salad; and no, mushrooms are not a meat substitute. Vegetarians don't do "substitutes" because we're happy without meat; hence: vegetarian.) Even my carnivorous man yearns for the tastiness of Pig's previous glory food without the overwhelming richness and meatiness. Maybe their new restaurant, Cask and Larder(?) will provide some meat relief... Agreed: drink selections are good. (Great iced tea!) As far as service goes, in the years we've been going, we've never had a server issue. Never. In fact, the Pig is one of the few places where I've stopped a manager on the way out to compliment a server! The servers can keep it classy but we've also gotten quite a few to bro down with us and talk smack on the demanding, snooty Winter Parkians who think they own the place. Boo-yah! If you haven't been--definitely go! I didn't give it 5 stars, or even 4, for that matter, but I still enjoy the place and will, no doubt, return.
I don't visit central Florida very often anymore.  But, when I do, this place is a MUST visit.  In fact, sometimes I go there every night.  Don't sit in the dining room ... too "stuffy" and formal.  Rather, hang out in the bar.  Anderson is FABULOUS.  He knows what you should order ... and his taste in wine is impeccable.  If you're not sure what to get ... just tell him what you like ... and he's sure to impress.  I cannot say enough about the food.  GREAT MENU.  I've not had anything here that I wouldn't go back for .  Beautifully presented ... and food that simply dances on your tastebuds.  And, the greatest thing is ... the menu CHANGES constantly.  So, if you're adverturesome, you'll always have something FABULOUS to discover.  LOVE IT!!!!!!!
Saw the good reviews on yelp while here shopping from out-of-town and decided to give it a try. We were able to just walk right in and had no problem getting a table at about 1 PM on the day after Christmas. We were admittedly starving when we sat down so everything on the lunch menu looks good to us. My wife had the heirloom tomato soup and duck confit salad and raved about both.  I tried the truffled deviled eggs on the waiters recommendation and was not disappointed. Can't remember the name of the salad I had but it consisted primarily of heirloom tomatoes feta cheese some vinegar reduction arugula, and croutons. It tasted fresh and was very good though not as unique as our other pics. Overall we were very pleased with our lunch selection and would definitely go back.
Loved it!  Started at the bar with drinks and the complimentary caramel popcorn (yum).  Then had the pretzels with the yummy fondue. Hubby had the ribeye and I had the steak frites.  Both delish.  We really enjoyed the dessert which was a blueberry/tangerine cobbler. So good!
This is my second venture to the ravenous pig (what a perfect name). This place is spot on every time.  Alex rocks. Food is amazing. Atmosphere CHECK. Love it and can't wait to come back.
I was disappointed with my experience at the RP.  I have heard rave reviews about this restaurant and I was very excited to go.  I ordered the Burger (#1 Recommendation) and it was good.  I've definitely had better.  The Truffle Fries were so salty I couldn't finish them.  We had biscuits come out which smelled amazing, yet tasted bland.  I tried a couple of friends dishes around me and to me, again, it all tasted really bland.  For the prices others were paying it should've tasted amazing.  Maybe my taste buds just don't like "Upscale Dining", I need more umph.  The, what I'm assuming to be a strawberry shortcake was delicious though.
We came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday a few months ago (Pardon me...I am trying to catch up on my YELP reviews now! :*) Thanks!) Since we had a sexy group of 6, we were excited to get a reservation here a few days prior!  It was everyone's first time, except for my food blogging brother (droolius.com/2012/01/por…), who helped us decide which dishes to order. We started off with Guyere Cheese Biscuits, Niman Ranch Pork Belly, and Bone Marrow & Snails. I loved the bone marrow dish because I enjoy eating bone marrow at home when my mom cooks it in her soups.  Nostalgically delicious! I ordered the infamous burger and my boyfriend ordered the Pork Porterhouse.  Everything was delicious and highly recommended by Droolius! My boyfriend and brother both ordered The Ravenous Pig Old Fashion, which I tasted and will recommend for a bacon lover.  I ordered a Classic cocktail for myself and really enjoyed it! Even though the service was a little slow, the food was excellent.   I would totally recommend Ravenous Pig for a celebration!   Oink Oink, Baby!
My husband an I went here because of great reviews. We were visiting for memorial weekend. We ordered the biscuits and lobster tacos as our apps. The server was very informative in warning us that the lobster was tempura style. They were very good. Biscuits cane with dour and were good but rich so I could only have one. I ordered the app shrimp an grits and my husband has the brisket. I thought his was a little dry but he liked it a lot. I loved my shrimp and grits. It was just enough that I did not feel too overstuffed with the apps
I discovered this place on a business trip to Orlando.  The website and menu were intriguing, had to check it out even though it was a 30 minute drive from where I was staying.  it was a Tuesday night, so I figured a party of 1 could get in without issue.  Closed for private party... so the lesson is: CALL FIRST! Even if their website says they open! For as much as I dislike Florida, I was a little bit excited when my travels took me back to the area again a few months later, so I could give the Ravenous Pig another shot.  This little gastropub is incredible! So much more than charcuterie... many of their dishes and drinks are thoughtfully pork-centric, but certainly not forced into the theme.  Lots of flavors going on but I didn't find any of it to be fussy or overdone.  Loved the ambience here as well.  Cozy, dark, a little bit sophisticated but warm & welcoming. I sat at the bar, and my bartender / server was fantastic.  We had some great conversations about the food and drinks and all of his recommendations were spot on.  So here's what I ate and drank: - the RP Old fashioned ( made with bacon infused Buffalo Trace) - pork cheek pastrami with pumpernickel croutons, tomato aioli, cornichons, caraway, pickled cabbage - tomato tart with Point Reyes blue cheese, bacon-tomato jam, peanut brittle, frisée - the Rye & chai. Just like it sounds. YUM. - Donuts & ice cream: citrus & honey glazed donut bites, honey-yogurt milkshake. Definitely worth a 30 minute detour if you're in the area and want something other than Mickey Mouse food!
5 stars plus. Wonderful. Food (pork chop), Service (Brett), and Atmosphere (great mix of people) Generous wine pours (Guggenheim Malbec). I travel for food, the whole affair was delightful. Please make reseverations in adavance or enjoy people watching with first-come;first-serve in the full bar.
Awesome restaurant.  Visited last monthand had lunch during the week. Everything we ordered was very well prepared.  Very nice wine selection, and they serve their red wine the way it should be, slightly chilled. We had deviled eggs and charcuterie to start, both of which were very nice.  The house cured salami was excellent, but shaved extremely thin.  I understand it probably should have been that way, but it was so damn good I wanted thicker slices.  Also, the homemade pickled veggies were very good. My wife had a burger as everyone else around us had them and it looked amazing.... she loved it.  I had the Lobster roll.  Very good, but probably the least impressive thing we ordered.  The fries... oh man, the fries.  Yes, everybody puts truffle oil on everything right now.  But these things were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Addicting to say the least.  I would probably say they're the best fries I've ever had in my life. At the recommendation of our server, who was excellent, we had their "pig tails" for dessert.  Very average... wouldn't order them again.  Other than that, an excellent meal.  Ranks up there with some of the best food I've had in Florida.
Good food... Not a wide selection but what I had was excellent.
I rolled in here last week for lunch and was impressed with atmosphere & menu creativity. It's worth trying if you're local. Here's the rundown on the grub: -  House-made Soft Pretzels - I don't like pretzels, but these were solid - Rock Shrimp Tacos - verdict is out - Steak Frites - worth ordering
Upscale atmosphere, fabulous preparation even better that they try hard to support localization.  If you get lucky you might get Hanrow as your server. He worked at Chez Panisse  so he really "gets it"!  Great selection of local beers. No commercial label beers!!  Nits - crowded with limited parking. Valet parking is available.
My husband and I just moved to Maitland from Denver, Colorado. One of our favorite things about Colorado was all of the local, non chain, delicious restaurants in Denver, Boulder, and Louisville. We were nervous about finding similar restaurants in the Orlando area! After a long hike on Saturday, we started searching on Yelp for a place for dinner. We were starving! We found the Ravenous Pig and called around 5:00 to see if we could get a reservation. They were booked, and told us that if we showed up anyway we could expect about a 30 minute wait. We decided to chance it and arrived at about 6:30. We were immediately seated outside at a great table. Our waitress was super friendly and welcoming, bringing us water right away while we tried to make drink and food choices - everything looked amazing! Our waitress was great throughout the whole meal. We are going to Ireland in two weeks, and we had our map and guidebooks spread out all over the table. Rather than being bothered by this, as some places are, she was excited and asking us questions about our trip. My husband had the white sangria and I had the Franco 75. They were both delish and very refreshing. I loved the lavender and rosemary vodka in the Franco! We started with the gruyere biscuits and they were wonderful - flaky and warm and the butter served with them adds just the right touch! My husband had the burger and I finally decided on the Steak Frites. I was wavering between that and the Farmer salad. Our food was great. The burger had some amazing blue cheese (I'm a total sucker for good blue cheese), fresh baby lettuce, tomatoes, and caramelized onions. He usually hates any veggies on burgers, and he ate every single bite of that burger and veggies! My steak was awesome - the chimichurri sauce that they serve with it is unlike any I've ever had. It's like an aioli - so good! Both of our meals came with truffle fries. Yum yum yum! At the beginning of our meal we had talked about having dessert, but we were too full. We'll be back for sure for more food and dessert in the future!
I need to jump on the Ravenous Pig bandwagon and wish that it magically transports itself up to DC. I flew into Orlando on the way to Tampa and stopped in for lunch. Spoiled me for the rest of the trip. And of the three pig logo'ed restaurants I've been to this year in the south (Cochon and The Refinery being the others), this one was the best. I got the gatherer salad with "mixed baby lettuces, beets, goat cheese, avocado, pistachios, herb vinaigrette" which was beyond ridiculous. For every crunch, there was a smooth counterbalance. Advocado and goat cheese? My new favorite combo. And I think, but can't promise, that the herb vinaigrette had basil in it. This is a salad I'll remember to some time to come, so don't bonk it if you're there, get it. Then came the grilled cheese. Odes should be written to this grilled cheese. I desperately wanted to go back on Sunday before my flight and get one for the plane I liked it so damned much. Just a simple grilled cheese you say? Hah. It was a grilled cheese avec "arcadia peach & rhubarb jam, pepita pesto, grilled radicchio, goat cheese, aged swiss, sourdough". SaltysweetcheesycrunchyFABULOUSNESSonnaPLATE. And then. How can there be an and then? And then it was pan fried in delicious butter. I'm drooling writing about it. As a solo diner, I was happily seated at the bar, and the bartender was fantastic. Informative, friendly, kept everything going for the restaurant. The servers are intensely proud of their food ("Ready for the best grilled cheese of your life?") and it borders on pomposity, but who cares when the food backs it up?! I don't get to Orlando often, but if I can schedule a long layover, it's worth the car rental and quick drive up to Winter Park.
Not bad, but not as good as the hype.  The restaurant name turned out to be very misleading as well, persons with "ravenous" appetites may be disappointed by the pricey small portions. First of all, go to the website before going to the restaurant because the menu changes monthly and not all items have mass appeal. For example, when I went in June, half of the entree options were fish and the others were fried chicken, flat-iron steak, leg of lamb, or rib-eye (ranging in price from $24 - $38). I applaud their fresh, locavore methods, but  I can't really say that anything on the menu greatly appealed to me. We were forewarned by the attentive waiter that the starters and pastas were small portions ($11 - $22), and that they were out of the steak tartare. We ordered the Gruyere biscuits ($4), the oft-raved about Pub Burger ($12), two Gatherer Salads ($6 ea.) and the Southern Fried Chicken ($24). The biscuits were delicious, but hardly enough to satisfy. The salads were outstanding in freshness and flavor. My companion's Pub Burger (which is often a contender in many of the local "Best Of" categories) was the biggest disappointment of the evening. The blue cheese was overpowering and the truffle oil fries were limp and flavorless. My chicken was good, but not $24 worth. Honestly I think I enjoyed the accompanying nectarine and collard green salad more. Given how much I have heard about this restuarant, I can only conclude that we were unlucky and caught the kitchen at a bad time (unfortunately prices are the same either way). What to expect from Ravenous Pig: 1) Make reservations. 2) Check the menu on the website before going. 3) Expensive. 4) Small portions (somehow the moniker "Gastropub" led me to expect otherwise) Perhaps next year I'll make a better choice for my birthday dinner.
Best described as Very Nice!!!  The Pub  Burger was fantastic. Cooked perfectly, and had that great grilled flavor. The truffle fries were just ok with me. I prefer seasoned steak fries in canola oil. Also the lobster taco's were just ok. Our server Adam was the best. All in all a great restaurant. We will be back.
Really solid gastropub food. Husband and I came along with 2 other friends on a Saturday night with NO RESERVATIONS. We knew this place was hopping, but decided to walk in to the bar area and try our luck, since the next available reservation was at 9pm (this was when I called at about 5pm). The hostess mentioned to us that there was a high top and booth section near the bar that was designated for people who didn't have reservations for the main dining room or just wanted to hang out at the bar. Anyhow, we arrive around 6pm, and it was PACKED. Since it was pouring out on this evening, there were hardly any cars driving along Orange Ave., but once we pulled up to the restaurant, you would have NEVER guessed that! This place was happening! We put our names down and hoped to get a table sooner than 9pm. Luckily, we were able to get a table (well, not quite, it was the counter top overlooking the kitchen - pretty cool to look in and see how the kitchen operates) around 8pm. Since we had plenty of time to look over the menu before we sat down, we already knew what we wanted to order. Husband went for the Pork Platter, I went for the Venison, friends went with the burger and Steak Frites. The presentation of the food was flawless, but the flavors were even better. The pork platter was so well done that the flavors were oozing out under my nose as it was being placed on the table. The variety was pretty amazing too! My venison was cooked perfectly (this was my first time having venison and Husband and friends whom have ALL had it before said that it was cooked even better than the ones they've had), but I wish there was just a little bit MORE. The pine nut puree complimented the meat so well, and the sweetness of the figs added that extra ZING to it at the end. We ended the night with a bread pudding that was soooooo good! Perfectly caramelized, but pretty rich. Luckily, we only ordered 1 and the 4 of us were able to finish it. :) Overall, a great night. A LONG WAIT, but TOTALLY worth it. Service was great, attentive, fluid, and not smothering. I thoroughly enjoyed sitting at the bar counter overlooking the kitchen, but probably wouldn't mind sitting at a table next time so the 4 of us could mingle more efficiently. Next time we're back to visit our friend, this will DEFINITELY be on the list to eat at! Yum!
TRP definitely lives up to the reviews. The ambiance and decor give it a comfortable vibe that is a perfect cross between nice restaurant and pub. We went for the monthly roast and the pork was incredible, but the made from scratch sauerkraut was probably the star. The service was perfect and the small but diverse craft beer menu is a fantastic addition to the food. About the only negative I could come up with is that it does make for an expensive lunch ($28 including tip), but you absolutely get what you pay for. This is one of the best overall dining experiences in Orlando.
