My girlfriend and I have been coming her for quite a while now and it never ceases to amaze. First things first, once you're seated order the Roti. All done? GREAT, now proceed to request five more orders of Roti (I'm only half kidding). From there the menu is your oyster, you can't go wrong with any of their noodle based dishes. Our particular favorites are the stir-fried udon and char-kway teo (apologies for the spelling). I'm also a huge wing fan, and in my opinion an order of wings with the five spice seasoning is a must. The servers here are always friendly and have never lead us astray when it comes to their suggestions. I can go on and on about the different things that I like about Hawkers but this review would end up putting people to sleep. To sum things up, the food is great, the service is excellent and the atmosphere is awesome, this is one of the best restaurants Orlando has to offer.
LOVE THIS PLACE! Originally from NY, my bf found this place on yelp and was so excited to come here. He loves trying familiar foods/dishes all warped and served in different styles. We were surprised by the prices and the deliciousness of the place. Thankfully, we made reservations online and bypassed the wait. I heard the wait is always crazy long and it would've been around 90 minutes for those arriving at the same time as us. Try the duck dish and of course, check in for free summer rolls!
We've eaten at Hawkers 5-6 times and were first taken there by our son. We love the Ginger Chicken and order it every time we go. The only thing I tried and really didn't like were the Pork Bellies- but to be fair it wasn't my choice and I probably wouldn't like them anyway they're prepared. Tables are a little small but the ones by the window are best. It's a great place to take out too. They are fast and prices are very reasonable. If you're looking for atmosphere this probably isn't the place but we enjoy the food for a casual spot.
I went here with a friend for my birthday. Prepare to park far away because the parking lot here is WAY too small for the amount of people that are in the restaurant. Better yet, carpool too. We eventually found a parking spot after probably 10 minutes of stalking people finishing their meals. It's crowded inside, but none of this mattered because the food was great! There are selections from nearly every Southeastern Asian country. Normally I would think a restaurant that tries to do too many things fails, but this place delivered. Every plate was perfectly flavorful and really channeled the elements of the country from which it originates. Some of the plates get a little pricey for the amount that you get, but it is worth it. I would suggest going with a small group of people that way everyone can order something different and the whole table gets to try a lot of different food.
Food. 5 stars. Service. 5 stars. Atmosphere. Depends! FYI. A "Hawker" is Asian slang for a street vendor. Very clean. Very hipster. Trendy Chinese/Asian for sure. Summer rolls were amazing. Crazy fresh. Food was amazing. Server was awesome. Very informative. Fielded questions with no rush. Biggest complaint is that this place is INSANELY loud. Maybe the worst noise level I've ever experienced. Concrete floors, high ceilings. Absolutely no way whatsoever to have a conversation. The first half of the restaurant was noticeably quieter so could have been our seat placement. Could have just been some loud twenty-somethings filling the place with craziness. Restaurant is small and sort of cramped. Don't let potential noise level stop you. First class place and the $$ of food was truly reasonable especially for such great quality.
We are chinese and know how authenic Asian food taste like, but the food here is far from it... will not recommend this place.
The food is excellent. The service is good. The portions are small, so you can taste a lot of different items on the menu. Very recommendable.
I liked the variety of the menu, but we had to send a few dishes back for quality control!  I really think they use MSG too, very salty and we all felt super tired after we ate!  The staff was really friendly, and I was excited that they had a Chianti Classico on their wine list.  Maybe opting for more comfortable seats too!!!
Been here several times...food is good and consistent....service is really hit or miss...tonight was definitely a miss...shorter male server with curly hair was very overwhelmed and way over his head....probably will stay away for a while
Had an amazing time at Hawkers. Very good and delicious food. I will def be returning. Service was impeccable too.
The food here is sublime. The various tastes, the complexities, the richness, the smokiness, the silkiness, the heat - all words reasonably used to describe the various dishes. So many ethnic places use peppers and powders to assault - not Hawkers, the spice combinations and the preparations flirt with the senses like a film noir femme fatale. The fact that a party of two can have half--dozen dishes and get out of there for around $40 is real Orlando magic. Putting it succinctly, this is possibly the best all around food in downtown Orlando. Okay... why the 4 stars then. Oof. The interior. It could have been mysterious and sinfully inviting - with flickering lights and opium den zen. Instead, it looks like the cross between a W Hotel lobby and the lighting department at Ikea. The TVs everywhere tuned to ESPN too... WTF... I like sports and there's this thing I've seen around called a sports bar. In conclusion, to all the people who say I've lived in Malaysia, or I have an office in Singapore, or I once smoked some Thai stick and the food isn't authentic... FU. You're the kind of namedropping party farts who refer to their cars by the model. "Hold on girls, before we go, let me get the clubs out of my Escalade." Don't listen to them. Also, get your food to go.
Quite a disappointment for us. We picked this place based on the Yelp reviews. This place is an American's idea of what Asian street food might be like. Regular mayonnaise on a bahn mi, and no relish? Lemon grass chicken that has no taste of lemon grass? Edamame fried in sesame oil (you eat the beans, not the shell, and thus, this is just an oily mess). The food is not bad (not great either), but nothing resembling what they promise.  What is surprising is that there are several authentic Asian restaurant not so far from this spot; the cooks at Hawkers should try them out to find out what these dishes are suppose to taste like and what the proper ingredients are. Servers are friendly and beer selection is good.
SO good and the happy hour specials are great!
Best asian far in FL
Hawkers is my favorite casual restaurant in town! Great for groups and sharing. The fried green beans and roti cani are a must have for me every time!
Wanted a nice quite lunch and received. Stephanie was great. The curry was amazing and the tom yum soup hit the spot.
Great variety of food and beer. Every time I try something new and I have yet to have a bad meal. A must visit!
Great place to eat. Friendly staff. Good service. My only problem is the parking lot. It's so small!
Let's just cast this review into the ocean of a billion others... Keeping it simple, I had a very good meal at a rather high cost. This, of course, is my main source of bad reviews: price. But there was a genuineness (that is actually a word, not sure that it should be) to it that made it special enough to be worth it. Plus, I didn't pay ;p I spent quite a while in western China and am sad to report that none of the street food there looked or tasted anything like this. However, I know a little about eastern China/Hong Kong, and I think some of the dishes are common to that area and had that south China feel to them. Also I know nothing about Singapore, so anyone doing Asian street food gets a lot of leeway. The innards of this food-building  were very nice, inspiring even, the kind of place where I feel like a real clod for wearing a backpack. Nothing decreases the classiness of any given activity like a backpack. What I mean to say is that the place is classy.
"I usually get the Beef Haw Fun, because after you eat it you're like haw fun was that!" I'm not huge on Asian food, but I can always go for Hawkers. Every time I've gone service has been gracious and attentive. Even when the restaurant is packed (which is all the time) you feel like you're the server's only table. I love the tapas concept, because when I do get the craving for Asian food, I want everything and Hawkers makes this possible. My go to dishes are the Summer Rolls, Roast Duck Lettuce Wraps, and Honey Sriracha Grilled Wings. The Curry Laksa and Beef Haw Fun are also delectable. Love love love!
This place is a godsend for all the homesick Southeast Asian folks! I drove here all the way from Tampa (where I live) just to get my fix. Was told about it by fellow Singaporeans living in the Tampa bay. Was expecting a bigger food-court-ish sort of place, since it was Asian hawker food after all, but surprised to find a modest sized restaurant. Food's very affordably priced, especially if you share them tapas style. I had the roast pork starters and beef stew noodles, both of which came up to be less than USD13 before taxes. Not complaining about the eye-pleasing SE Asian (Vietnamese?) servers either :D
Being raised by a Malaysian mom, I was so excited to check this place out for breakfast and put their Malaysian dishes to the test! This place was super Asian from display. First off, I loved how cute their tables were, they had Asian news paper cut outs plastered on them. My table particularly had pics of Asian girls and make up haha, pretty "hip". My boyfriend and I ordered their roti canai and summer rolls to start, and the Malaysian chicken satay and curry laksa as entrees to share. I wish they had timed our food because everything came out at once. But it's ok, I can't complain too much because everything tasted PERFECTLY FANTASTICLY ON POINT! I'm Malaysian Chinese and I approve. Haha. Their peanut sauce for the satay was spicy and a little sweet as it should be, the summer rolls sauce was sweet, the roti canai was fluffy and pan fried just right. The curry laksa was flawless, spicey but filled with flavor. The temperature of our food was on point too. Although they served everything at once and we still ate in order, the food was still hot throughout our entire meal. Service was great too. Our server checked up on us, refilled our water without having to ask, and the food came out fast as well! It took about 15 minutes. There's also three TVs showing various various Asian food shows, which was interesting
DIG IT!  Exactly what I was looking for!  Thanks, YELP!
We're new to Orlando after 20 years in Asia and went looking for some good Asian food.  Read an article recommending Hawkers, and being a real lover of hawker food we headed out.  First clue we were not in a hawker food court, almost nothing on the menu was hawker food.  Oh we'll, maybe it would be good anyway.  First out of the kitchen, papaya salad.  The salad had no flavor, could have been cabbage.  Now papaya salad is a old standby at every little Thai place between Orlando and San Francisco, they didn't get it right.  It went downhill from there nothing had much flavor, the sauces were thin and tasteless, the barbecue pork was dry, the duck was swimming in soy sauce (soy sauce, really?). The service was good, to bad the food wasn't.
I love/hate when I try something at a new place and it's so good that the only thing I go there for is that 1st thing I tried.  (Un)fortunately, that happened here.  I ordered the Duck Tacos and Curried Mashed Potatoes on my first visit and I have never veered.  So if you crave something super tasty, that's my recommendation.   Also, if you're in the Mills/50 neighborhood or relatively close, they consistently have the 2nd best delivery window of local restaurants.  (Petey's has them beat on that, but it's an entirely different menu)
Hip tasty and reasonably priced. With pan Asian menu sure to satisfy Asian lovers. Tam yam very spicy and yummy. lettuce wraps fresh and crunchy, Malaysian and Thai menu reminds me the small shops in Bangkok. Servers are very kind and knowledgable. Place to be for fun weekend lunch :) great job!!
I went for the first time and was definitely impressed!  Delicious food, accommodating employees, and great prices.  I will be recommending this place to coworkers and friends and will definitely be returning to try other things on the menu!
Fun place to eat for lunch with great food. All the food was five-star worthy, but it did take a surprisingly long time to get any food considering they bring out stuff as it's ready. We were seated on the inside near the back patio door and the servers were constantly going in and out, with the door slamming shut each time. II will definitely order take out from this place, but if I sit inside again I'll make sure not to be anywhere near that back door. I recommend the pad thai, chicken curry and the potstickers.
We were just driving by when this adorable little place popped up. We had heard good things so we pulled in. Parking was not so great but the food was worth it. We had the this tea with whipped cream and it was amazing. Perfect blend if sweet and tea. We order the duck which was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The pit stickers tasted great but a little cold for me. The pork chicharones were not what we expected but the sauce they put with them was just the right match. Then we order the roti with curry sauce. My husband drank the sauce as there was a spoonful left as we wrapped up. Great place and excellent service. Maybe the best service I have had in a long time.
Great place. Awesome menu! I really love the curry laksa. The staff is excellent and their food is great.
Five years ago street fare was reserved for hot dog stands and sketchy food carts. It's amazing how a concept can quickly turn from gross to gourmet. We recently ventured to the Mills 50 District for Orlando's infamous Hawkers. If you haven't been lately, it's time to give this Asian street fare another taste. We ordered a variety of dishes including their Roti Canai, Malaysian flat breads served with a side of signature spicy curry dipping sauce. All were equally delicious and washed down with $3 mimosas. We've searched citywide for the best Pad Thai......and Hawkers, we pick you! Their authentic sauce is simmered for six hours and stir fried with shrimp, chicken, vegetables and red chili peppers. The dish is then garnished with peanuts and a squeeze of lime. Their noodles will leave your taste buds on fire, but you'll ignore your spice tolerance once you experience this flavor. Lettuce wraps usually taste like copycats from P.F. Chang's, but Hawkers found a way to infuse flavor and spice into their version. The wraps are served with crisp lettuce cups and filled with stir fried mushrooms, water chestnuts, carrots, bean curd, garlic, ginger and choice of protein. Three hours later we rolled ourselves out of Hawkers happy, full and a little bit spicier.
I love this place! The roasted duck is incredible, the food is priced as tapas should be with perfect portion sizes, and the beer selection is great. It's very loud and kind of cold with a long wait on the weekends, but the food is worth it. In addition to the duck I highly recommend the Fish with Black Bean sauce and the Coconut Curry Shrimp. Two dishes (and sometimes a spring roll) is plenty for me and a perfectly priced alternative to a casual chain restaurant. We also went for a friend's birthday and just a phone call before going ensured we had no problem sitting a large group, even though they do not take reservations.
Great place for asian food in Orlando. Service was very good and the food was tasty. They had a variety of dishes to choose from and a good selection of drinks.
Went to Hawkers with my Mom and we both loved it! They have a great variety of delicious and unique plates. I am such a huge fan of tapas style restaurants and love order a few things and sharing and that's exactly what we did. The service was great and I'm looking forward to going back!
Their food is ok. Nothing I'd write home to Omicron Persei 8 about, but they don't have popplers on the menu, so that is a plus. Service is usually kind of week, but puny humans cannot help this.
yum!
This place is good. Everyone agrees it's good. The people that work there know it's good. Just go. It's good.
I love Hawkers! I have been there many times. My favorite thing is the stir fry udon. The noodles are so good and chewy. I have had several things, however, and have never been disappointed. The Malaysian Prawn Mee soup is very good, but once I got it and it was so red and spicy that I think I burned a hole in my stomach. I will stay away from that from now on. I have had every dessert and enjoyed them all, but the Ice Kachang and the Three Teas Creme Brulee were my favorites. Hawkers always seems to have enough parking and it is never overly crowded. I also enjoy their beer selection.
This place is awesome! The food is incredibly authentic but still contemporary. We've been going since the soft opening. The udon noodles are the best thing on the menu! I also love the spring rolls and lettuce wraps, although I wish they had a sweet sauce to go with them. If you're feeling crazy, try one of the exotic beers or the creme brûlée trio!
Stopped here for dinner after reading the positive reviews on yelp. Located in not a very popular area, parking can be difficult during peak dinner hours. Once we figured out parking, we were told that there was a 45 min wait after which I was beginning to have second thoughts. But am I glad that I waited? You bet! The food is as good as it gets with the best part being that it is served tapas style which allowed our party of three to sample a whole lot of dishes. The roti canai is top class and the chicken curry with basil rice is a notch higher. In fact, all the dishes we had were great. Will definitely be back when I am in the Orlando area.
Hit here for lunch today with a friend, the space is bright, open and airy with a very contemporary feel. We arrived at 12:30 and from the start it seemed like there should have been some extra waitstaff to service the 3/4 full dining room. I watched the waitress prepare and serve 3 tables their drinks prior to getting back to the hostess stand to take over seating dutes.   We ordered fried green beans, spring rolls, chicken satay skewers and pad thai.  The waitress was very nice, but swamped. She didn't ask if we wanted anything as apps so everything trickled out, the skewers arriving first, after over 30 minutes. They were a nice portion of white meat chicken, but appeared to be over done. My friend said they were "OK", I thought the peanut sauce looked nice, but was very thick- like peanut butter. The fried green beans came out next, they were good, but made great when you drizzle some chili oil/sauce. Ask for it! the chili oil is a great compliment to the slightly sweeter spices used in the coating of the beans. Would order again, requesting the sauce/oil for sure. The spring rolls were fine. The Pad Thai as it appears on the menu comes with shrimp and chicken. I ordered mine shrimp only, it was very good. The noodles were flavorful, a bit spicy as I requested and had a nice coating of sauce. The shrimp were a nice size and I would definately order again. By the time we left it was 2PM, so it took 1.5 hours for a "quick" lunch. I hope they get those kinks worked out, I'll be back to try them out again but might wait awhile in the hopes that their service/speed improves.
The inside decor reminds me of a Chipotle but the food and service absolutely do not. Our server was friendly, tolerant of our horrible conversations and knowledgeable. She was able to answer every question we threw at her, and with a warm smile. She also ensured that our water glasses were never empty. That really matters to me. The food is mostly tapas style with a few noodle soups, fried noodle and rice dishes. Everything we had on our table was outstanding from the roti to the stew. We had two types of banh mi sliders (duck and pork) to share and nobody left hungry. The portions and prices are exactly what you want in a tapas style restaurant ranging from 3-7 dollars so you can try quite a few things at once. Which is good since EVERYTHING looked good and I plan to try it all. Between the excellent food, great prices and above average beer selection I'd say this place is a great addition to the Mills Ave strip! Definitely give em a shot cause they have something on their menu that everyone will like.
Just ok. Nothing is bad, but nothing stands out. small plates of standard taste.
My first visit in April 2011 deserved only 2 stars. My second visit last night deserved just under 4 stars. So, being the mathematical genius that I am (not!), I decided to give them the approximate average of 3 stars for this review. The biggest difference between the two visits is the service. It was incredibly slow in the first visit even though the place was quiet that evening. Way too many minutes went by unnecessarily, and I visualized the tip % of our server go down with every tik and tok. In the second visit, our server was far more attentive, informed us when setbacks occurred in the kitchen, and did everything in as timely a manner as she possibly could. It was far busier this time around, and yet she managed to keep up. The food was also slightly better the second time around, but not by that much, sadly. Here are the items I've tried: Roti Canai The roti itself was fried well. It was crispy and airy like it's supposed to be. But really? Only 1? Sad. The curry that came with it was completely bland. So that wasn't worth it. Chicken Satay Was this a joke? The satay sauce was borderline disgusting. The oil that separated pretty much made up half of the entire, minuscule cup. Even after we stirred it up, every bite became far too oily than necessary. I've had better satay sauce from a bottle that I get at the Asian grocery store. The chicken was also barely marinated, which made it bland. Again, it wasn't worth it. Laksa Curry The curry was watery and oily at the same time. I never knew that could be possible. But apparently so! I'm more used to rice noodles being in Laksa, but the egg noodles worked. And the tofu was a nice touch. But overall, this was just borderline OK. Char Kway Teow This is actually a decent dish, but not as authentic as I'd like. It's one of my favorites from back home, so I was disappointed that the flavors didn't come through, but I would actually recommend it. Vegetable Spring Rolls Free with Yelp check-in! Can't complain since it was free, but I wouldn't pay for it. Too much pepper in the filling, but the sauce was good. Steamed Bok Choy in Oyster Sauce Not worth it. And the mushrooms are really unnecessary. Just add one more bunch of bok choy instead. And actually season it with something else in addition to the oyster sauce. Chow Faan So, so bland. Which is such a contrast from the Hokkien Mee. It became a problem when I took another bite after the Hokkien Mee. I think they forgot the salt on this one. I'm hoping this was just a fluke on this night, but the trend would indicate that it was most likely intentional. Hokkien Mee Holy pepper! I could smell and taste white pepper with every single bite. I appreciate some pepper, but I think some spillage might've happened in this case. It was overwhelming. Also, ironically, there was too much sauce for my taste. But overall, not a bad dish at all.
Crazy delicious! The soups are amazing and the crunchy pork is to die for! We ordered too much, but everything was so good. Can't wait to have the doggie bags for dinner. Also got a yelp offer for free edemame when I checked in!
Happy hour has changed - no more 2 for 1 beers.  : ( There are now some $3 HH small plates - summer rolls, green beans, roti cani, etc.  : )
I've finally found good Pad Thai in Orlando. Nothing here has rivaled my favorite Thai place in Arlington, VA. But this came close. It was a little spicy but so good. A check-in on Yelp, gets you free spring rolls right now.  They were tasty too. This place a good selection of beers. It's not super big in there - we had a party of 8 so we had to wait a bit. The parking lot is a little small as well. But there is some street parking in the area. And, as usual, my note on the bathrooms: it's a one-holer. I almost used the men's room because the ladies room was occupado.
This place wasn't AWFUL, it just wasn't good.  I was really excited about the concept after reading all the reviews for this place, and I love all Asian food so it was an easy sell.  Unfortunately, without exception every single one of the dishes we ordered I've had better elsewhere.  Much better.  The udon noodles were all right, but my favorite Thai restaurant does them 10x better, the roti everyone raves about was really greasy and unappetizing, the curry sauce was good but I'd have preferred it over some vegetables.  The chicken tacos were meh, the banh mis were pretty bad for banh mis, and the chicken wings were good but not the best I've ever had.
I'm not a big seafood fan and there was lots of it on the menu so maybe not the best place for me.  It was also very crowded and zero waiting room.  I know others however that love this place.
I had to go to Hawkers and check it out since I've heard so many good things about it. Well, it's not the most awesome place ever, but the food is pretty good. Let me start off with the good stuff: the food was excellent! The spring rolls, the wings with honey & siracha, and the duck small plates were great. Perfect for sharing, as they suggest on their menus. I had the Prawn Mee noodle soup, which was spicy and very tasty. Now the bad.. the reason it did not get a 5 star rating: I think the restaurant itself was so loud, and reminded me of a high school cafeteria. The chairs at the tables were very uncomfortable. and the tin wall decorations made noises inside echo, which made the whole place very loud. The atmosphere inside the restaurant made this place a 3-star rating for me. If they got new comfy furniture and took away the tin walls, I will definitely come back .
I could eat here every day! A diverse menu of unique, Asian tapas, with a large menu of drinks... Hawkers is as good as it gets in unique local food!
Just left hawkers and as always, am so satisfied! I love the atmosphere and delicious food at hawkers. We had roti canai, so light and fluffy. The honey sriracha wings are tasty and sweet. We also had the curry mashed potatoes, wok fired lettuce yum yum, and omg  the roasted duck is so delicious. I also really enjoyed the shipyard pumpkin head they had for the fall selection. Our server mike was great also :)
The quality and service has gone down the pooper.  I ordered my usual "siu yoke" dish and it came out completely over-fried and dry.  You couldn't even tell that there was meat in it because it was just dry crap.  On top of that, the waiter dropped a piece on the table and offered to do nothing to make up for it.  At least offer to bring another piece or dish to compensate (even though I wouldn't have eaten it because it was that disgusting).  Roast pig is supposed to have a crispy outer skin with a little bit of fat attached to a meaty piece of tender juicy pork.  This was NOTHING close.  It tasted like a pork jerky fried for 20 minutes.  I kid you not.   I also ordered the pan fried noodles and that was super oily and salty.  I don't know if there is a new cook in back, but there is a definite change in the kitchen and the quality of food that comes out.   Also had the five spice calamari and again, a very cheap calamari product to begin with AND over-fried.  So it was like eating tiny dry rings of tasteless garbage.  No sauce can salvage this dish.  I understand food costs have gone up, but you can't serve the crappiest quality of calamari AND not cook it right and expect people to come back.   The curry meatballs were some really salty balls!  At least they weren't sweaty?  Still gross...PASS! The best thing there was the free order of spring rolls.  That is pretty hard to mess up  but I honestly wouldn't be surprised if they did.   While we were there, two servers dropped and broke a glass and a plate and our server dropped our food on the table.  The staff seems careless and clumsy.   I am thoroughly disappointed with my entire experience here and will not come back unless something is changed.
The cuisine here is sort of a tapas version of Asian dishes, but instead of a tapeo, or tapas bar crawl, through the streets of Madrid, diners take a virtual stroll among the urban thoroughfares of various Asian countries where street vendors sell -- hawk -- their foods. Except with better health regulations. My full review is on my website.
I finally went for a quick bite here. As much as I like the idea if tapas, I fear that it causes you to over spend. I went in with the intent of getting a small quick snack. I went with the pad thai to test the waters and see if it was good. I am happy to say that it actually was very tasty though a little bit small of a bowl for the $8 that it was. Three friends commented that I should have tried the roti I will have to venture there next. The funniest thing is that as I was walking in some people were walking out and one of them exclaimed that she was still hungry. If you are seated towards the back part of the restaurant unfortunately you might find it to be unusually warm which is what I found it to be today. Apparently the AC does not travel well back there.
I've heard rave reviews about this place and my friends were pretty spot on, this is a must try in Orlando. The menu style is one of my favorites: packed with tons of choices, served in small portions, and priced right! The beer menu is just as long as the food menu and almost better. My table ordered beers and 4 appetizers to share along with at least one entree each... And I think we still have a few random pieces of food left over. The only negative I have is the dining room itself. My party was seated at a high top, of sorts, and my chair was directly in the main entry/exit path of the restaurant. Every human that walked by hot my chair. Maybe a little more room in between tables or a rearrangement would be ten fold better. I'll definitely go back, even if I has to sit in the same seat. My boyfriend made an epic food choice that I'm still jealous of and want to go back for one of my own!
Lots of great selections to choose from. We ordered the beef lettuce wraps, roast duck, roti, fish tacos, kim chee fried fried rice, Malaysian wonton, and fish tacos. We finished everything. The food was absolutely delicious! Looking forward to coming back to try the other items on the menu along with drinking the many different beers they have to offer. Looks as though they have many beers from all over the world ready for drinking. Save me a seat Hawkers!
Okay, wow.  I'm at Hawkers all the freaking time and have yet to sit down and write a review. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place - incredibly reasonable prices, beer, wine, and tapas done Asian style. Go with a group so you can try lots without gorging yourself! There are a few items that are on my MUST try list: -Pad Thai (best in Orlando, in my opinion) - just the right amount of spice with Chicken AND Shrimp -Roti Canai (Malaysian flatbread with a curry dipping sauce.. the roti is served hot and is both doughy and fluffy at the same time.  It's an odd combination but it works) -Summer rolls (add duck) - light, cool, and clean with a punch of savory with the duck. -Green beans with pickled veggies - Savory, with a brown sauce. Everything I've ever tried on the menu I've loved. A few items of note: It's LOUD.  The building has tall ceilings and is decorated with metals, concrete floor, and a lot of hard surfaces.  It makes it very noisy, even when the dining room isn't full.  Not a great place for a first date. Parking can be a bit of a pain.. if you're going during the evening, if you see a spot on Mills, take it.  It's likely that their lot will be full and you'll just have to circle back around anyway.
So, I've been here a few times but I still am not sure what to say about it. I mean its an alright place but its got some issues. The food is decent, but mostly a bit bland. The service is very hit or miss. The beer selection is great. It really just a place I would go if I were RIGHT there and I was hungry and wanted to eat at that exact moment. I still recommend that people try it at least once though.
LOVE the Hawkers fries.... so tasty! The staff is super helpful (I am vegetarian and I have food allergies, so eating out can be a bitch sometimes). I love this restaurant. There are tons of great things on the menu.
I've heard a lot about this place and I wanted to give it a try. The service was excellent and we didn't have to wait that long for our food to come out. One of the reasons why we went was to try the ramen burger which is only a limited time only. I've never tried one before and it's like the new thing in CA. The meat was very juicy and was well cooked. We also ordered summer rolls, which o thought was more on the pricey since they added an extra $2 for shrimp. Also we had mee goreng which is something I've never had before and somewhat similar to pad thai. Oh and we also tried one of their popular small dishes called roti canai which is a flatbread that you dip it in curry sauce and it is so good. Overall, if you like all different types of asian foods, this is the place to go! I'm definitely coming back!
Hawker's is one of my favorite places in Orlando to grab a bite. The Asian street-fare is a delicious and unique menu. It's a great place to go out with friends and share small plates. The service is always great any time we go.
Roti canai was too salty.  chicken wings were flavorless. .Megoreng noodles were too sour, tasted like I was eating ketchup. I have had better malayasian/Chinese food, huge disappointment.
Great menu, with plenty of vegetarian options. Hawkers has a prime location with a private parking lot. The staff was amazing, which really heightened the experience. Most options are served tapas style, which is very fun and allows you to try a variety of their delicious options. We loved everything we tried, which included ramen burger, taro fries, fish with black bean sauce, roti, curry mashed potatoes, wok-fried lettuce, and cinnamon roti. I am eager to return to try more dishes!
Service is great. Food, not so much. Pad thai was super sweet. Summer rolls were disgusting. The rice paper clearly wasn't even wet enough when they made the roll because it was still semi-hard. It was tasteless and felt like I was eating grass. And it came out uneven and deformed - so much so that it was really more funny than anything else. I've made better summer rolls at home thank you very much. Basically, a place for people who don't usually eat Asian food. Which is okay. Just know what to expect.
We live in the Mills 50 district and have tried just about every Asian restaurant in the area, multiple times.  Hawkers is BY FAR our favorite!!  Would definitely recommend this place.
The space feels absolutely modern diner: unfinished floor, lightweight aluminum chairs and tables, TVs that deliberately feature the likes of Anthony Bourdain and Andrew Zimmern. The only suggestion of anything Asian in ambiance are oversize photos of food "hawkers" with a caption below that inform diners that these photos were taken in Malaysia, Vietman, etc. None of this is a bad thing. It states 'fresh,' 'simple,' 'perfect for lunch.' Service was non-descript and generic. Perfectly fine for what appears to be the concept here except that we waited just a little too long for glasses of water, the check, etc. The Bulgogi Bahn Mi Slider was not a slider(s) at all but, rather, a pressed bahn mi cut into three pieces. Still, my companion reports that it was crunchy, flavorful and fresh though he could not specifically identify the meat. The Five Spice Fish Tacos were a $6.50 joke with two small sticks of unseasoned frozen fish and a few flakes of cabbage hidden somewhere inside of a tortilla with a side of what could have been jarred pico de gallo. The Five Spice French Fries were small in portion, recently frost-bitten and sad. So sad. The Summer Rolls were as they should be, but good execution of such a staple can hardly be expected to make up for some of the items mentioned previously. I cannot say I wouldn't try Hawkers again because it is well located and the concept is wonderful and so, so seductive. It could be that some of the larger, heavier dishes like udon and hot soups will deliver on the concept in a way that our light lunch choices did not. However, I am quite certain that nothing I ate thus far will incite the kind of desire or irrational cravings that I have known this style of food to inspire in me previously... and for other restaurants.
For what it is, Hawkers is a VERY unique place. The food is awesome (and cheap!), the selection for craft beer is great (bottles n such), and the staff is great. Unfortunately, my only issue is that being allergic to both spicy AND shellfish foods,my selection is very limited. Although if you do come here, get the roti canai and the beef chow fun. My gf always gets the pan friend noodles (can be substituted for chicken) and its always good. The flavors are amazing and very succulent. As for the cons, its the parking. I honestly wish the parking was a bit larger and more safe to get out (mills/50 can be dangerous at night). Other than that...bring people here but it can get packed fast on the weekends since the seating is VERY limited.
The one problem with Asian food is that there is little that you can do to it before it loses it's authentic flavor. This is probably why no matter what type of Asian restaurant I've been to, and no matter what dish I order, it's always tasted "about the same" as somewhere else, give or take the portion size and level of spiciness. Hawkers in Orlando is located in the Mills/50 district and has found a good location for the local artists/hipsters that mostly frequent that area. I've visited this location on more than one occasion and each time have sat at the bar, watching the locals come in to eat or pick up their phoned in order. The staff is pleasant and the menu is full of different choices, but the portion sizes leave a lot to be desired for the money you're spending. I ordered the Pad Thai on one occasion, and the Lo Mein with a side of french fries on another. Both main dishes were served in the same size bowls and tasted like pretty much any other similar dish ordered anywhere else. Although the Pad Thai had a little more sauce than I am used to that dish having. I also never once thought to myself, "this tastes unique and amazing I wish I had more", it was more "there isn't enough food and I'm still hungry I guess I'll have to order more." The 2-for-1 happy hour beer specials help ease the pain of realizing you just spent $21 for a mostly noodle-filled main dish, a small side, what would have been one beer, and a tip. In a world full of $4 double cheeseburger and fries and 2 for $20 dinner specials that include a lot more food, Hawkers needs to stop relying on its location, which is the only thing that saved this review from being worse, and start realizing that if real hawkers charged this much for so little, they'd soon have enough money to open a Hawkers wherever they are.
Maybe if I wasn't Asian, and maybe if I didn't grow up on street food I'd enjoy hawkers more. The thing is, it's not street food; it's not even really dressed up street food really. I mean they have bowls of curry noodles and a real shortage of things on sticks. hawkers is a good Asian fusion place with a definite tapas feel but street food it is not.
Husband found this restaurant, he has impeccable taste and he was spot on with Hawkers. We got there at 8  with a 25 minute wait.. Not even 5 minutes later we were sat. Amazing food!! That is an understatement! I would love to come here in an off hour and bring my 2 year old she would love the food!! Not a family place during lunch/ dinner rush! But you must try
I have since re-dined at Hawkers and have had the same negative experience. All of the seasoning of their dishes just seems "off" to me like the chef/cook doesn't really know what they're doing. This is the 2nd time I've gone with in about 6 months and since it doesn't seem like they're improving, I'll not be back.
Loch Haven Park has a lot to offer: the Orlando Science Center, the Museum of Art, the Repertory Theater...the variety of things to do in the area mean it's great to have a go-to place to eat that satisifies a variety of appetites. Hawkers is that place. First off, "Asian Street Fare" may be a slightly misleading description, as some have noted. The idea of Asian Street Fare implies something more authentic. If you are looking for something that mirrors your last trip to --insert country of your choice here-- then you might want to head elsewhere. Having said that, if you are just looking for some tasty food, and a variety of it, then this is a great place. I'm guessing the idea of conjuring "street fare" in the name has more to do with the small plate concept the restaurant has going - which is one of the things I love about this place. Ever sit down in front of a menu and feel like you just can't decide on one item? That's the beauty of the small plates selection. Grab yourself some five spice french fries, fried green beans, and maybe some roti canai (a tasty flat bread with an even tastier curry dipping sauce), all of which go perfectly with any number of beers available. Or, if you are more of a meat eater, try the Crispy Roast Pork, or Hawker Tacos. Not up for sharing your food? Try the Curry Laksa Soup, or their Beef Haw Fun for something more filling. The menu is varied enough that even a picky eater should find something they can eat (we've taken kids with us and it meets their approval as well). Service is generally friendly, although at the busier times it can be slower and less attentive than I'd like. If you are going at the peak dining hours, expect a wait.
Our first time here and we truly wanted to try one of everything. What we did order was absolutely delicious and we were able to make these good choices because Michelle our server was awesome!!! We would request her in the future!
Hawkers was everything we'd heard it would be- and definitely worth the 30 minute wait! We went with a group, and ordered lots of different items off the menu. Everything came out as it was ordered, and it was all DELICIOUS! To complete the experience, our server was fantastic. She was friendly, helpful in making menu choices, and seemed to truly like her job. Some of our favs were the fried green beans, potstickers, pad thai (so good!), and Cantonese Beef Stew. Oh yea- the desserts were awesome as well, especially the Cinnamon Roti! A must try place!
Hawkers is great for people who go in a group (maybe not a very big group - as you'd want to be able to see and taste each others food) and like to try a little bit of everything.  It's Asian food (from several different Asian cuisines) served tapas style, and you can put in your orders little by little if you'd like.  When I go, we generally order 3 plates per person, and share all of the food.  Some of the servings are bigger or smaller than others, so it's possible that you might have some to take home depending on your appetite.  I also like that it's one of the few restaurants on Mills with a decent sized parking lot, since I'm no good at parallel parking.  :)
My first visit to orlando, and get the best of asian taste to eat.. Try the summer roll, do not forget to pour the peanut pasta.. Super melt... Yummm...
My girlfriend and I stopped in early evening on Saturday.  We were absolutely impressed by everything from the concept, to the simple and very casual decor and lastly the fresh, authentic food. We tried the Chicken Rolls, Grilled Malasian Satay skewers of Shrimp and my personal favorite - Roti Canai (flat bread with spicy curry dipping sauce) as appetizers.  For our main course we had Beef Haw Fun (whole made noodles, beef & veggies in a soy sauce), Char Kway Teo (wide rice noodle with shrimp, chicken and shallots) and another Roti Canai. Everything was done to perfection!  Cant wait to go again!
I love the idea of a restaurant serving Asian street fare food. But I was not impressed with the food. The dishes that I've tried tasted like they were precooked and microwaved when ordered. I ordered the pot stickers and not one minute later the waitress brought it to my table.
Pros: Great Asian food with a large variety of options. Similar to Spanish tapas, small portion size and appropriate prices allow you to try a variety of items!!! Great bar with also a large variety of beer options. Feel free to grab a drink while waiting for a table. Yes you may have to wait for a table sometimes because this place is quite awesome. Cons: They recently increased their prices!!! BOO!
Asian mix-n-match fare with flare.  1st time here with my foodie friend.  The menu options are amazingly varied.  Everything under the rising sun from Malaysian satay skewers to Cantonese stew to fish tacos. - vegi spring rolls with fish sauce: crispy crunchy and piping hot.  ( free. thanks Yelp coupon yeah!) - Yow Choy and Bok Choy:  my friend ordered the Yow Choy but the Bok Choy arrived.  Luckily our server swapped it out no problem!  Bok Choy comes with a beefy mushroom hoisin sauce.  It was cut too thick and has a bit of a woody in texture.  That was the only disappointment though.  The Yow Choy was great.  The flavor is similar to spinichy broccoli with the texture and look of collared greens. - Char Kway Teo: simply delicious stir fry of noodles, chicken, shrimp, sprouts of yumminess. - Korean Bulgogi wraps:  beef, tofu and vegi's finely chopped, wrapped in iceburg. - Malaysian Prawn Mee:  if you like spicey savory soup...just get it.  There's a reason why Yelpers posted a dozen pics of it!  Our server brought us 2 small bowls and a ladle so we could share the soup!  Too cool. Ok so we ate everything except the bok choy.  Serving sizes are perfect and not too big which means you can try a whole bunch of stuff.  Prices are reasonable, but things can quickly get out of control since you want everything! We'll be back for sure.  I want those Satay skewers and the Fish with Black bean sauce!  A lot of Yelpers liked the decor.  Personally the half stool  low back chairs  were uncomfortable and dangerous.  Our server was very helpful and offered great suggestions!
Recently ordered a variety of takeout dishes, for a Friday night feast at home. As we unpacked the food with anticipation, we realized that the shrimp was MIA. we had ordered more than enough food, so no one would go hungry. With a call to Hawkers, our account was credited, AND they delivered the shrimp to the house! A welcome surprise and over the top excellent customer service!  Oh, we all enjoyed our food. We recommend the chicken curry!
Lots of items on the menu, none that really stood out.  Found everything to be bland and probably salty to my taste.  The tapas items seems like a huge rip off to me but the noodle bowls seem to be the best bet.  Service is prompt and friendly, so they got that going for them.   Hawkers, like any pan asian restaurant, is probably a solid choice when everyone in your group is craving something different but wants to eat at the same place.  It will cure your itch but leaves much to be desired.
Eh.  I will come back to this place in a couple months if it's still open.  It's expensive for what you get and the food is somewhere between bad and just okay.  For those who have written positive reviews, have you guys had real asian street fare before?  Me think not. We got seven dishes here between three people and only one was good.  Three were just okay, two were gross and the laksa was disgusting.  The potstickers which were said to be handmade fresh each day didn't taste it.  In fact, they tasted like they were frozen and put in a hot pan because the outside was badly burnt and the insides were luke warm.  The tacos were pretty gross as well.  A cold tortilla wrapped around overcooked meat with what appeared to be coleslaw.  Umm, this is fusion?  Hahahahaha.  Do people fall for this? Service was mixed.  The asian woman "bartender" was condescending and mean when we asked how to pronounce a couple of the dishes.  Hardly the inviting atmosphere one expects from a new restaurant. I would pass on this restaurant until they get some things worked out, lower their prices, and learn how to make the dishes.  But honestly, I give them two months unless they dramatically improve.
one of my daughter and I's favorite spots in Orlando, such good food and good prices. Plus they always have something for free when you check in!
Curry laksa is da bomb. The sliders are more like an entire sandwich. Also got a great glass of wine for only $5. This place was swarming on a Friday night, so had to return on Saturday because once it was in my head to go, I had to go. We were seated promptly, had great service, and the food, as usual, did not disappoint! Better yet, the bill was surprisingly low for the amount of food we got, and we had enough to take home for Sunday. I so need to put Hawkers back into my regular rotation.
This place is getting bad.  All the food dishes pics are not the same when they brought it out to your table.  The portion for each dish is very small even for a main dish. Their price will make you roll your eyes n look at each other in your table.  Each appetite dish that they brought out was the exact same size as two of your fingers put together.  The service was terrible even though most of their waitresses were nice n friendly, but they probably hired only 2 waitresses per shift to service the big entire restaurant.  Each waitress often took orders for all of the tables around her n then she brought them all down to the kitchen to be made all at once.  You can do the math about the wait.  Also, after they brought out your drinks, there would NEVER be any refilled or any asking / offering to refill your drinks.  It goes the same for your food, good luck about seeing them around again. I'm a new Orlando comer with a good taste bud, a heart of gold, n a high tolerance for mediocre service.  I used to be a burger flipping boy during high school, making min. wage.  But the below average food, the over-their-head price for their tiny n stingy portion, n the lack of attentive services, you gotta be on drug or in a la-la land somewhere to even come here or to be back here again. Take your money n hunger for good food, fair price, n decent customer service else where if you love yourself n your companies.  Hope this helps ...
If Hawkers was the only Asian joint in the Mills50 neighborhood, I might like it more, but there's lots of other great options for Asian in that 'hood. Good concept, good decor, but the food is a bit expensive by neighborhood standards and doesn't really stand out.
Always great food and service!
The food is alright.  Love the green beans.
I love the food at this restaurant.  I really do. It's delicious, but every time I go for sit down service, I have bad experiences. In talking to friends,  I know I am not alone.  One time, I was there for lunch alone. The server looked disapproving when I told her I'd like to sit at a table even though no one else was there.  Then she seemed even ruder when she figured out that all I was going to order was Pad Thai.   The last time I was there, I sat at the bar, and all I heard the whole time was banter from the waitstaff about how awful all of their customers were.  This seemed very unprofessional to do this in front of guests.  It certainly detracted from my dining experience!  For now,  I'm sticking with take out.
Ordered delivery: Hokieen Mee  Noodles entree, a side steam rice, spring rolls is what I ordered and I loved every bit of it. Food wasn't greasy, rice taste fresh, thai tea wasn't too sweet which was aweskme. Delivery didn't take too long either. Gave 4 stars because I haven't dined in. Would defiantly order again though!
I'm glad I waited to write this review because prior to this moment, Hawkers and I had a rocky relationship. Our rocky relationship started when I placed a to-go order for the Five Spice Tofu (my favorite options on their menu are the FS Tofu and FS Calamari) and I went to pick it up only to find that my meal had been given to someone else and replaced with pork. Not a big deal until the manager at the time proceeded to ask if I was sure I had not ordered the pork. I was appalled. The only meat I eat is fish and that is on a rare occasion. That being said, the person who took the order informed her that he knew what my order was and that he would correct it. It ended up being an HOUR before I got my food and to add injury to insult, she was rude about the incident and did not even offer me any consolation over their mistake. The waiter apologized profusely but you could tell there was tension between the staff and this manager because they kept asking her for things and she kept waving them off. I'm hesitant to say this because I was a server for four years and I know how difficult it is to work in an establishment when your management is difficult. That being said, I can honestly and wholeheartedly say that since the shift of management in the past month or two things went from terrible to amazing. Tim used to be my manager at one of the restaurants I worked at and having him as a GM now has completely made the difference. He knows the business well and I think bringing him in was definitely a GREAT move on the restaurants behalf.  The restaurant is running quicker, every time I order to go it doesn't take the 30-40 minutes that it used to and the staff is friendlier when we come in. I have honestly NEVER had a bad thing to say about the food here (BASIL FRIED RICE AND FIVE SPICE TOFU.... mind blowing combination) and that is what has kept me coming back.   I'm glad they got it together because there were a couple of months there when I seriously debated not going back.
My wife and I came here for a Yelp Event. As we had never been to Hawkers, we didn't know what to expect. My wife is typically cautious about trying unfamiliar foods, and the menu was predetermined for the event. We were going in blind, lol! They brought out lots of items for us to try. My wife tried (and enjoyed) everything they brought out! Her favorite item was the Fish in Black Bean Sauce. I think my favorite was the Duck in Curry Noodles. I tried cider beer for the first time. Normally I can't stand beer, but to our surprise I really enjoyed it! The staff at Hawkers are all really friendly and did not disappoint. The food is served in perfect portions for sharing, and the prices are incredibly reasonable. Hawkers has earned itself two new customers as a result of this event.
It's a typical Asian fusion type of restaurant. Servers are nice. Food is good. Slightly over priced. Definitely not authentic if that's what you are looking for.
Good variety of asian fare, and the service is always pretty quick. They have a good selection of beer/wine and sake. My favorite dishes are the crispy pork, boy choy, and the curry duck noodle dish.
Meh, I've experienced better. Food was average. The menu a little ambitious for compared to the execution. Seating was uncomfortable. Basically, this is an adequate back up restaurant.
My professor loves this place so I decided to give it a try because I love Asian food. I went with my girlfriend and it was absolutely amazing.  We had chicken and shrimp skewers that were delicious. Awesome lo mein and coconut shrimp.  We ordered the basil fried rice which I didn't like but my girlfriend loved.  Then we got the desert menu and they had interesting things on the menu. We decided to try the royal pairing. When we got it..... Soooooo gooood!  We loved it.  Overall the food is delicious and different.  It comes out as soon as it's ready and very fast.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
Overall the food was good, there were a lot of selections, so it sort of reminded me of being in a dim-sum minus the cart, it also reminded me of being at Chipotle because of the wall decor. It takes a bit for the food to come out, due to preparation so its good if you're there to talk. Tried about 8 dishes that night, 2 of which were the Hokkien Mee which was good, a little greasy. The Malaysian Prawn Mee's noodles were more pasta than Asian noodles. I wish they were in NYC so they can get more authentic ingredients. Calamari was good, so was the Pad Thai and Meat balls. Downside was the Roti Canai, though the bread was good, the sauce wasn't as thick as I'm used to and there was only one bread. It didn't seem to have a lot of parking but since I was only visiting and it was late, I was lucky to get a spot.
Food: They really need to take the word "Asian" out of the name. The food taste nothing like it suppose to be. It is so Americanize. Customer service: Once waiter drop of the food, they don't come back to check on you or refill drinks. Also, my order got screw up and forgotten. Ambiance- Place is quite loud and the look of the place is very industrialized.
I love this place. Cantonese noodles are great! Roast duck seems to be a favorite, which makes sense because it's amazing.
Awesome foodI reasonably priced.  Love theu lettuce wraps! I would have given them five stars, but they need to seriously change their highly uncomfortable chairs and get rid of the dragon lady that seems to be in charge.  She was training a waiter who was doing amazing and was on him for no apparent reason.  She never smiled nor explained why she was hovering uncomfortably behind him.  Hawkers you need to find another boss/manager whoever she is.
enjoying a great meal at Hawkers!   Even the kids had a great time.  The fried green beans and pot stickers were a hit.  The bahn mi sliders were delicious.  Will definitely come back!
Great small plates. Many Asian inspired dishes, very unique and tasty. This establishment offers a burst of different flavours with each dish. We had a family meal out (7 adults) and it did not "break the bank"...great pricing, service and cute ambiance. Next visit  to the daughter's in Florida, we will return.
4 of us went for dinner and enjoyed trying a variety of dishes. The oriental jerk wings, fried green beans and crispy pork belly were our favorites. The service was great! They brought out each dish as soon as it was ready, so it was like the food just kept coming.
This place has the BEST curry dishes in town! The meat balls are out of this world and the Singapore noodle dish is amazing!
Loved it!
I finally got to try this place after having several friends in a week time span rave to me about it. And, well, they were right. It's tasty. It's inexpensive. It's totally worth it. I tried the curry mashed potatoes, the calamari, and something else I forgot the name of that was basically bread with a dipping sauce. They were all good. Icing on the cake: my tab was $12. You just can't go wrong here.
We got turned on to Hawkers by some really good friends. We love what we consider the tapas style of eating here. We have enjoyed most everything. It is a great atmosphere for having a casual time with friends and/or family. The staff is always friendly and will make recommendations. My wife enjoys that there always seems to be differently flavored teas available. We are still working our way through the extensive menu almost two years later. It is difficult to move on from your favorites. One note - if you order the lettuce wraps you may have to fuss at them to give you large lettuce leaves so that you can actually make wraps; they seem to always cut the lettuce into segments that are too small. WOW! What a complaint. We really enjoy Hawkers!
Great food, great service, great experience as always.  Hawkers is such a treat on Mills and I can't wait for them to keep expanding.
Delicious! Was a must while we lived in Orlado. Always great and dependable food.
You know when the wife takes a bite of a dish and says "OMG! Its like sex in your mouth!" That this place is on its way to 5 stars. Actually that was in reference to the Cinnamon Roti Desert. This place was 5 stars from the first few bites. Actually correction. You get free spring rolls if you check in on Yelp. So those came out first. The biggest spring rolls I've ever seen. But ah... Not impressed. But I dont care to much for spring rolls anyway.  The rest of the food though. Wow!! Yang was our waitress and she was awesome. She did a great job explaining how this place works. And the service was excellent as well. They encourage sharing. Basically order a bunch of random dishes and try them. The dishes arent really that much. Our bill was $45 and that was for the following. Grilled Beef Hawker skewers with Malaysian Satay, curry meatballs, Basil fried rice, Pad Thai stir fryi, bowl of Curry shrimp and Cinnamon Roti, plus spring rolls. Yesterday we went to Noodles and Rice cafe, and our bill was actually more, and that was basically for just soup (but worth it) So the prices are pretty fair here. The best way I can describe the look of the place is... Modern. It looks fancy on the out side, and it has a unique look on the inside, the way the tables are set up. Parking is a little tight though. We grabbed the last parking space. I figure a crowded parking lot is a good sign. The food itself is above and beyond. This is no PF changs stir fry. This just tastes...... hmm.... like how I'd imagine PF Changs should taste. Changs looks fancy on the out side but the Lo Mein is worse then a local take out Chinese place. Here it actually tastes like they put care into making the dishes. Even the beef skewers. I figured its probably like beef on a stick at your local Chinese restaurant. But thats not the case. They use better quality beef and its nice and juicy. Plus the Malaysian Satay sauce is great too.. Its like when you bite in you taste the meat, then 4 seconds later your tongue starts burning from the spices. Yum! I could go on about all the dishes as every single one we got was equally good. But I guess you get the point. Places like this are why when I'm talking about Yelp and someone asks, whats Yelp? I reply, its an adventure in your pocket. If you actually use it the way we do. Which is to pick random spots we've never heard of, or spots based on reviews of people on my friends list, and go try them. So thanks to the people on my list who checked in here. Thats what brought this place to my attention. If it wasnt for you guys and yelp, I never would of found this garden of eden. So to find out what "Sex in your mouth" Tastes like, stop by here and order the Cinnamon Roti. From the food to the price to the service. 5 stars all around
So great everytime!
Really cool little place, and open late.  Really neat presentation, good service and really good food.  I will say that I was a little tipsy when I visited Hawker's, but that did not stop me from enjoying the food.  Although the portions are in a small "tapas" style, one or two plates would be more than enough to fill you up.  I will return soon, maybe I'll be a bit more sober next time.... I'll update ya.
Hawkers - where do I start? I'll preface my review by saying I don't write reviews. I go to places, and they usually reflect the ratings and reviews I've seen on yelp. I'll also say that I am of Asian-American (Vietnamese-American) descent who's family has been in the food industry since I was born. The food and service here has deviated so far from what I have read on yelp that it has pushed me into writing a review. The reviews on yelp led me to believe that the restaurant would be a popular and good place to eat some interesting takes on Asian street foods, one of my favorite types of food. Being from out of town, looking for a good restaurant to eat was at the top of our list of things to do. Finding this place on yelp got me excited, and hyped my friends up to go and try the place out. From the get-go, service was lacking. Our dishes came out from the kitchen to the table before we even received dishes and utensils. None of our dishes were served by our waitress, and each time a dish came out we were asked if we needed anything. We responded each time with dishes and utensils, and were informed they would let our waitress know. Our waitress came out, we asked again, and was informed she did not even realize we didn't have any utensils. The best serviced we received all night was probably from the guy who took down the umbrella the shrouded our dinner in complete darkness...at 8:30PM. The food was very bland. All of the food we ordered were foods we've tried before from other places or made at home; none of the dishes me or my friends found even palatable. Our "Springroll," which was actually a fried egg roll, was upposed to be a chicken springroll, but was nothing but deepfried lettuce. The eggroll was the same way. The summer roll, which represented a more traditional springroll, was still predominately vegetables. The porkbelly was dry and bland. The mi gooreng pales in comparison to instant noodles. The "tacos" was way too overpowered by the sweet hosin sauce, and even had more hosin sauce on the side. I can go on and on about the dishes we got, but the message is clear: you shouldn't eat here if you've ever eaten actual Asian food. All in all, it was a bad experience and will not be back the next time I'm in town.
Love this place came for my Birthday with a large group and they were great with split checks. Not the best drink selection but great menu selection. All the food came out nice and hot and had wonderful flavor.  The Pot Stickers and Pad Thai are a must!!
Went to Hawkers for dinner tonight with the family - what an amazing surprise on Mills 50! Delicious summer rolls (best I've had in town), and the Tom Yun soup is extra spicy - made my nose sweat! Before 6pm they have 2 for 1 beers, try the Tangerine Wheat for a nice treat :) Will be going back to this place again.
I've been going to Hawkers for over a year now, but after tonight's experience I was compelled to write my first yelp review.... Where do I begin? The wait was twice as long as I was told by the hostess, and once we sat the metal stools were so uncomfortable. They were out of the Malbec that I usually order. However, our lovely server Kelsy recommended other alternatives. My husband and I ordered 6 chicken bulgogi   Skewers which were low quality for bulgogi, the Megorang was one of the few dishes I've never tried before until now, and the sauce tasted exactly like ketchup. Not only was the food quality low but the presentation was very sloppy and unappealing. The other few small plates we ordered weren't upsetting. The server, who we have had before over the year was as usual super attentive, funny and sweet. She, as well as most of the wait staff make the experience at hawkers a reason to come back. I'm not one to voice complaints at a restaurant, but even if I were, there wasn't a manager in sight. Hopefully tonight was just a fluke but either way the service always surpasses my expectations. -Best of luck, Barb
As a (half) Asian with a taste for hawker centres, and as someone who lives next to NYC- I would give this place a 1. However, in the middle of Florida I'll give it a 2 for a nice atmosphere and a friendly staff. I got excited just from reading the menu options (many of which are rare to find on menus around Orlando/Florida). However, when the very friendly waitress with the southern accent came out and started trying to explain what things like mee goreng and laksa were to the Singaporeans, I had a feeling the food might fall short for us. And it did. Again- great atmosphere, super nice staff, but I'll stick to my mom's house down there for the authentic Singaporean food.
Hawkers is such a creative and innovative fusion of a variety of asian cuisine. In walking distance of my home, I find Hawkers the perfect place to get drinks (from their extensive beer list) with friends and order many different items that are small and totally shareable. I particularly am fond of their Roti (a warm flakey bread) that is dipped in their signature curry sauce. I also love the Beef Haw Fun and the lettuce wraps. SO good. My only iffy with Hawkers is the amount of oil they cook their food with. It definitely is a place to go when you're looking to spend some major calories. Nonetheless, the prices are right, service always fabulous, the craft beer is always cold, and the food always hits the spot. Definitely a fun place to take a group of friends for a casual night!!!!
A risk-free eating adventure!!! I don't enjoy most Asian food, so I am always a little wary trying a new place. Hawkers was suggested by a friend as a good place to take my mother visiting from Oklahoma who wanted to break out of her community's Mexican/BBQ food limitations. We cautiously selected a few safe options--noodles, skewers, spring rolls--then added the Malaysian flatbread at the suggestion of the waiter. Then we added in for kicks some random selections just to try something new. Overall the food was excellent! Well cooked, lean meat, balanced flavors. Even though I didn't like all of the dishes--due to my palate, not the quality of food--I wasn't disappointed since the dishes come in small plates that average around $5-6. Seating is limited, would not come with a large group, but would definitely return!
Hawker's is a solid restaurant with a wide variety of options. My boyfriend and I have been here countless times and definitely have some favorites. Small Plates: The Potstickers are not bad. The Summer Rolls are definitely better than the Spring Rolls. I think I'm partial to the peanut sauce that they serve with the Summer Rolls, so we always get these. We got free Edamame for checking in on Yelp. Can't complain about that. Hawkers Wings: We love their wings! I'd recommend them grilled with a side of the Hainanese (this is the best!) and Thai Chili sauces. Stir Fry Noodles: My boyfriend's favorite is the Char Kway Teo. I think it's pretty good but my favorite is the Stir Fry Udon. I love the Udon noodles and the savoriness of this dish. The Pad Thai is average; I didn't think it had a lot of flavor. Thai Silk (formerly Red Bamboo) is still my favorite for Pad Thai in Orlando. Rice: We've only had the Kimchi Fried Rice, but if I'm looking for a beef dish, I really like this one! We've never eaten in but always get a beer at the bar while we wait for our food. They have a surprisingly good beer and wine selection, and the bartenders are always friendly regardless of how busy they are. They have a seasonal selection and are always ready to make recommendations.
I left this place with a smile on my face and a full stomach. My wife had found this little gem on the web for which it had great reviews. The atmosphere is a little on the asian fusion side; kinda like a really toned down PF changs. Large flat screen TVs playing the daily news or some sort of sports event. Seating consists of small tables inside or you may dine outside if the weather permits. Ok, so as for the food, all the food that was served to us that day , were fresh. The menu consist of Chinese, Singapore, or Malaysian cuisine. Most of the menu portions remind me of tapas style dining, which I think is great. I recommend trying their roti canai with the curry sauce or the fresh spring rolls with peanut sauce,; they are both awesome. So if you're in the area, try this place..it's pretty unique!
My advice to you is Wine down Wednesday =bring your own bottle; no fee. Small plates get expensive so don't forget about the check in offer! Yummy! The curry coconut shrimp will be your new favorite item- I promise  your taste buds will love you.
I've lived in Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. This is NOT authentic in ANY way! Don't bother. Only the names are authentic. Tried the Laksa and it was horrible. The Mee Goreng, well, it wasnt. I really wish this place would have been an honest representation of it's name. It's NOT.
Food and atmosphere awesome!! Food excellent!! Our waiter, Forrest, fast, fun and was so helpful with food and wine choices!!
Came to Hawkers on a Saturday night, it was pretty busy. I called ahead to let them know I was coming, what's great is they put your name down and accommodate you when you arrive. Love that! The food was OK, this restaurant is catered to folks that are beginners at Asian food, getting their feet wet on the most popular dishes from Asian continents. It's a smart idea for the small portions. We ordered: Spring Rolls - All vegetables not what I expected, real Vietnamese Spring Rolls have pork and shrimp in it, this is their own version of Spring Rolls. Roti Canai - Best thing out of what we ordered. Great tasting. Stir Fried Bean Sprouts - Flavorless, needed something else like more Sesame Oil Malaysian Prawn Mee Soup - Really fishy tasting like Seafood wasn't the freshest Mee Goreng Noodles - Good but pretty salty Kimchi Fried Rice - Didn't taste or really see any Kimchi Cabbage in it, really bland, was expecting the taste of Kimchi but never found it. I might give this place another shot but I think I will keep trying out other places in the Mills area.
Great place! Really enjoyed the food and nice service as well.
Yun was my server,she was quick,educated,sweet,and funny!The whole family loved her the food was amazing as well!will definitely return.
Favorite date spot with the husband. They have amazing small plates...get the fried green beans and seared pork belly! The skewers are great too. It's fun to try new things here, like the mango sticky rice dessert. I was not expecting to like it as much as I did. Also, their coffee is sooooo good!
never had anything that wasn't great here.  plus they have a great beer selection.
I really loved the change of pace this place provided for Asian inspired foods. I love the variety of appetizers and that is the key to this concept. The food is usually smaller portions and you to share you can order multiple dishes. Parking was easy because we got their early, but it can get crowded really quickly. I also like the variety of beers to pick and there is plenty to try. I did not like the prices though, which were higher than I expected, but the quality of the food was exceptional, so it's a trade off.
Being a San Francisco foodie, I have pretty high standards for good food. This place surprised me! Reasonably priced meals were pretty tasty. Get the pork belly, roti, pad thai, fish with black bean sauce and mango sticky rice!
Delicious. The pork belly is excellent, as are the spring rolls and the duck appetizer (name?). Skewers are good too. Egg noodle dish with shrimp is yummy too! Reasonably priced and nice for take out too.
Hawkers is delicious. Being able to try a bunch of different things with friends, without breaking the bank, makes this joint a great place for groups. Parking is relatively easy, and the delivery service is pretty good too. The seating is casual, much like Chipotle or other fast-casual dining experiences, so don't expect a plush, luxury setting. That said, the place is clean and the wait staff is attentive enough that you'll be comfortable without being smothered. If you love spicy curry, try the chicken curry, mix in some of the Yangzhou Chow Faan and finish it off with the Roti Canai and you'll be in curry heaven.
Mixed reviews - If this was our first trip to Hawkers, we likely would never come back. My wife and I have dined here three times in the last year and have had good experiences except for this last visit. 1st Visit: We noticed the "hip" vibe off the bat. Generally, it is a younger crowd (20's - late 30's). The menu selection struck me as something we likely wouldn't find elsewhere in Orlando. The Rotoi Canai (bread with curry dip) was recommended to us from our sever and was excellent! Everything we had was great. We couldn't wait for our next visit. 2nd Visit: Brought a group of friends with us and had another great time. It's a great place to catch up with friends and try some unique dishes. Last visit (8/2/14): Called ahead to try to put our name on the "Call Ahead" list. The gentleman who answered the phone asked me to hold on for a second so he could write down our information. After 7 minutes on hold, I hung up and called back again. I got the same guy on the phone and let him know I was still waiting to put my name down for the Call Ahead list. He didn't apologize for the long wait and took down my name. After arriving to the restaurant we found out our name wasn't even on the list! Thankfully, the hostess got us a table within 20 minutes. After sitting at the table for 10 minutes without any service, our server finally came over and took our orders. At this point, we were a little annoyed but optimistic. We ordered our first round of dishes and hoped that things were going to get better. Our extra bread for the Roti Conai never came so after 10 minutes of waiting for our server, we asked a bus boy if he could help. We assumed he would let our server know. But after another 10 minutes of no bread, we asked another bus girl. Finally, after another 15 minutes of no service we decided to call our dinner short and try to the salvage the night elsewhere. Our extra bread came out as our check was delivered. Haha. Overall our service during the last visit was a big disappointment. The food was still good, but didn't seem as great without the equal level of service service. I would still recommend that you try out Hawkers.
Cool modern interior and speedy service! I've ordered nearly everything on the menu and everything has been delicious!
This place is really interesting. Not only is the decor and atmosphere unique to the type of restaurant it is (steel walls), but the concept of street food/asian tapas is what sets it apart from other restaurants around the area. Because of the walls, it tends to be loud and you can pretty much hear everyone's conversations. The service was okay, but for us being one of the few parties in there, they could've been more attentive. The best thing on the menu I think was the Roti Canai. It's a shame they only have one per order and it's extra to get another one. It's so good by itself and the curry that it comes with makes it just a tad better. I also tried the Laksa Curry, but it was watery and greasy. The Five Spice Tofu I had big expectations for, but I honestly thought it was too salty...and sweet. The rest of the food wasn't memorable, but I'm giving this place an extra star for the roti.
Love this place. I eat here about once a week. the Hong Kong wonton minus broth and add curry is my go to.
Hawkers is my go-to place for bringing out of town guests. I feel like it perfectly encapsulates what is happening in Orlando right now. It's unique, edgy, delicious, and perfectly suited for the Mills 50 area. I am not reviewing a specific experience, rather, the aggregate of probably 20 plus experiences, all of which have been top notch. This is a popular spot (for good reason) so you may have to wait 10-30 mins to get a table depending on the size of your party. But that is ok! Make sure to check out their insanely good beer list, and decent wine list while you wait. Oh, and 2-4-1 mimosa's all day Sunday aint bad either. Some of my favorites dishes are the Roti with curry sauce, fish in black bean sauce, mee goreng noodles, and beef haw fun noodles. I would advise ordering a Roti plus one other appetizer as soon as you sit down. While that is being prepared, you can decide on what other plates you want to order next. DO NOT order everything at once, or else it will take up all your table space and some of the dishes will inevitably get cold. Check em' out!
Hawkers is always a pleasure. Attentive staff that works together. Food comes out quickly and accurately.  Been for dinner and work lunches alike and always had a positive experience. The smaller dishes come in decent portions to share with another person as well if you're eating tapas style. The noodle bowls and curry dishes around the 7$ price point are also good enough size for a quick lunch as well. My absolute favorite dish would have to be the Curry Laska, plenty of spicy and variety of texture at a great price.
I was always hesitant to go to Hawkers, because from the outside it looks pretty fancy. I assumed it was a fine dining type experience. Boy was I surprised to hear that it was actually street fare/small plates. I have now been to Hawker's several times, and have enjoyed every experience. I prefer to go with a small group, and everyone can order a few items for everyone to share. The Pot Stickers are great, and fried rice is very good, but the Pad Thai is probably my current favorite menu item. I would highly recommend that you give this place a shot. Very casual, but very tasty!
This place is awesome! Super cool vibe and the best service I've had in a long time. Go! Ask for Michelle....she's the best!
Awesome food but service is spotty. The items don't usually come out together which can be awkward if you aren't sharing dishes but you wont be disappointed in the flavors.
It says something about the portions when they call it "tapas."  The food is somewhat authentic, catering to a non-Asian American crowd.  The curry noodles was a good portion and really good.  The roti was kind of small but brought me back to my Banana Leaf days in Philadelphia.  YUM!   My friends ordered kimchi fried rice (don't get it), and the duck tapas, the duck looked good but there was barely enough for one to taste, so I didn't try it.   I ordered the mango sticky rice for dessert, thinking it to be like how it is in Thailand, fresh cuts of whole mango, with white sticky rice.  It was literally a spoonful of purple rice, with tiny cuts of maybe a slice of mango if that.  For $6 or $8?  What is this?  A fancy ten course French restaurant?  Less than Asian street food portions, with WAY higher than Asian street food prices.
Hawkers? Yes, Hawkers!! Too many great items to list. I still haven't made it all the way through the menu but don't recall ever being disappointed. I believe the idea is different Asian foods that might be pedaled by street "hawkers" in the various countries. So you get a tour de force of Asian fare. Add the very clean, modern and attractive restaurant space to the great food, and you've got yourself an amazing lunch or dinner experience. Going with a group can be fun, the portions are tapas style and meant to be shared. This is my first 5 star rating, but I have no reservations with Hawkers...they get a hearty recommendation from me!
It seems there is a lot of hype about this restaurant. I think the food was ok. There were more dishes I was not impressed with than dishes that were tasty. I think the worse one was the meatball dish...don't get it. It will feel and taste like a scam. The fried tofu was good and the wings and their sauce were not bad. I know they said it is authentic Chinese cooking but I wasn't feeling it. I probably will not go back here unless its a group event and I am going to hangout. That is all I have to say.
For my first visit here if have to say this place really nailed it. Hawkers has great service, a good beer selection, and it's true - great food. Instead of bringing out your food all at once it comes to you as it's finished in the kitchen so you receive the food hot and ready to eat. My fiancée and I order the Spring Rolls to start. I certainly liked them since they were different than most spring rolls and the sauce to dip in was really good - my fiancée thought they were good but nothing to write home about (they do have a bit of a different taste so I can see others having the same sentiment). Then most of our food came just as we finished the rolls. We got the Pad Thai which has an excellent kick to it - I have to say this Pad Thai was damn good. For smaller plates we got the Five Spiced Calamari with a dipping sauce that was very good. The Calamari was cooked really well and fried nicely. We also got the Roti Canai because of how many great reviews this dish got, but I have to say it certainly didn't live up to the hype. Don't get me wrong it was still good, but it just seemed "so so". It has a unique taste that we just weren't feeling. Finally we decided since everything was so good to get some desert! I was hesitant since I was so full! Those four dishes for two people is quite filling. We decided to get the Cinnamon Roti which was amazing. It is a great dessert. It comes with what I believe is a Vanilla Bean ice cream which by itself is very good - but then add in the warm Roti which is filled with a Dulce De Leche and Cream Cheese and you've got yourself a winner! If you want to share food with some peeps (or do your own dish), and try some great Asian Street food, this place is great. Excellent atmosphere, good service, and solid food.
Tapas concept to get to try variety. Husband loved the roti bread with curry and great flavor for the pad thai. Fries were soggy. Service was great.
Great fusion tapas! Helpful staff! And love the craft beer selection!
Great items...awesome building. Try the skewers, wings, roast pork & duck. Everything is good. Go on Wednesday and bring your own wine with no corking fee.
Went there for the first time last week, and I have to say it blew me away.  The Roti dip is an absolute must to order, it simply was amazing.  Bottom line, at the end of the night it didn't need to go thru the dishwasher it was cleaned out.  If you are looking to share, go with the Pad Thai and stir fry udon, the pad Thai was the best I have ever had, and the udon had the rift amount of spice.  Will hit this place up the next time in Orlando for sure.  And when they open in the ATL, they'll have a regular for sure...
Very delicious!  I stopped here on advice from Yelp reviews and I was so pleased I did.  Alex recommended the Curry Duck Lo Mein and it was a superb recommendation.  I loved it.  The spring rolls were delicious as well...  When I go somewhere new, it can be fun to ask the server what their favorite dish is, and it totally worked out for me in this case.  Go, ask, enjoy!
If there could be a place that I wish could be my kitchen, this place is it. I was visiting a friend of mine in Orlando and I wish we could have stayed there for many more hours!! First, every person working there is hip, vibrant and friendly. Everyone engaged us and made sure we had everything we needed. The food...magical! The tapas style eating was fun and wished I could start the entire meal all over again. The ginger chicken scared me at first at it was green and a blanched color. But I'll try anything once- and I am happy I did!! The only thing that was challenging about the place is the noise level. At times it was hard to hear my lovely friend and have meaningful conversation. Once it got closer to closing time, levels came down and was able to enjoy the ambience more. Well done!
Vacationing in Florida for a week and found this place via Yelp. I absolutely loved the food and concept of this place. All of the meat and dishes were very flavorful. Service was great and pretty fast. Wish we had one in Houston! I would def come back if I'm ever in Florida again.
It was okay, the decor was fabulous and the concept is amazing, but the food was way too salty and bland. Only thing I recommend are the noodle soups which are large and you can never go wrong with noodle soup. I got the Malaysian Prawn Mee, just for that I give it three stars.
So I have been here three times in the past 10 days, and I am finally getting around to writing a review of it, and doesn't that kinda sum up what my review is going to be like?  I mean, 3 times in 10 days, right?  I'm hardly going to have anything negative to say! So why do I keep going back?  Because this place ROCKS!!!  I mean, it really, really ROCKS!!! Each time we have been, we have ordered 8 or 10 things from the menu, and to be totally honest, I can't completely remember any one thing, because absolutely everything we have had stands out.  EVERYTHING. The bread  is out of this world. I think we blew them away with how much we ordered last night.  The noodles (from the chilled sesame to the Udon).. all incredible.  The sauces, the... the.. everything.  All fantastic. The way the place works is as you order, they make it and bring it out when it is ready.  So you don't get your while meal all at once.  Everything is brought out to share, and everything is... did I say, Fantastic? The service each time I have been there is excellent.  And by excellent, I mean uniquely excellent.  Above and beyond excellent!  MEMORABLE!  You can tell that these guys have a very strong customer service policy.  They clearly take a solid long view on their business, and their success is the proven result. The first time I was there, I was pretty convinced that this was, at minimum, a local chain of sorts that I just didn't know about.   The reason is that the way it was all set up was so efficient and the decor was very well-themed,  It didn't have the mom and pop feel, if that makes sense.  To learn that it was a "local" place was quite a surprise, because it is so unusual for a local place (especially in Central Florida) to have it so together. I'm pretty confident that one day I will take someone here and they will say "Oh yeah, I've been to the Hawkers in L.A. or New York.. or wherever".  If these guys are looking to expand, they will.  Their model is excellent, unique, and could probably work anywhere.  So for now that it is only here, GO.  You will NOT be sorry!
This small modern restaurant with big flavors is a must try. My favorite dishes are the duck tacos go along with a plum sauce and the warm roti with a curry sauce to die for. I also tried to summer rolls with a peanut sauce for FREE just for checking in my first time. The summer rolls were super tasty too. I am such a fame of the sauces made a Hawker. I cannot wait for my next visit.
A new concept and style for Asian food, really. With that in mind, it is expected to be pricier than what you'd get at hole-in-the-wall Asian restaurants. I knew this going in, but coming out, it was still my biggest complaint--overpriced. I understand if it's pricier for awesome food, but my husband and I just couldn't say WOW to any of the dishes we ordered. Its kind of sneaky the way tapas works, especially those who love trying new things. You think each plate being priced at $3-6 is sort of a deal, and you want to try many different things in one sitting, but alas, the portions are small, and the bill adds up. I understand it's a new place and they need our feedback, but I honestly, are they really going to lower the prices just because I commented on just that on the comment card they left us with the bill? Well, not likely since it IS a business and they need to survive, but I certainly hope they would consider lowering the price! Staff is friendly, and pretty honest with what dishes have been popular. We tried their suggestions, even though they were still OK and not great: FIVE SPICE TOFU - the yummier dish of the bunch, fried and sweet ROTI CANAI - another yummier dish of the bunch, Malaysian curry dipping sauce and "pancake" tasted pretty authentic YANGCHOU FRIED RICE - better than OK, still on the small side MALAYSIAN NOODLES (I think) - OK BOK CHOY - big mistake...it was fresh and cooked okay, but just so NOT WORTH IT price-wise because I really could have made this at home. Just two pieces of bok choy, one mushroom, in oyster sauce. KOREAN BBQ SLIDERS - another mistake...tasted OK but it's really just a bahn mi sandwich cut into three pieces. The sad part is the price ($6) is about double of those at hole-in-the-wall Asian places, yet, it somewhat looked the most hunger-filling of all the other items here. How paradoxical. And I really don't understand why MAYONNAISE was in there! That could have been omitted. Just put more pickled radishes in there and it'll be just fine! To top that off, when we were packing up a few leftover items, the waitress took away our plates and one of our plates had food still on there that I was going to pack up! Even if there was a couple of bites left and normally it would have been passable but this is a TAPAS place. You take my plate with a two bites left, that was like 1/3 of the entire plate! I would've said something but she had stacked a plate on top of the food already. SIGH...she really should have been more alert and careful. I don't want to sound like a cheapo, but seriously, something's gotta give--either present tastier food or bigger portions, OR lower the prices. Otherwise, this place won't last very long. I may try it again seeing how there are many items on the menu, but I better not go hungry or broke.
My sister is here from Georgia and now wants to start a get Hawker's in Georgia campaign. Michelle our server kindly informed her that Jacksonville is as close as it get. Lol....I'm happy to have her share the experience with me. Its a staple in my foodie rotation.
The food is excellent, price sucks!  This is my fall back place to eat.  My staple dish is the curry laksa.  The pad thai is delicous as is the Korean bulgogi.  Good craft beer selection with some hidden gems palaced among the normal "craft" beer selections. The Hawkers stands of Singapore are cheap and offer an excellent assortment of dishes to choose from.  The common worker can eat like a king and also be able to afford it too.  The price structure here does not reflect the same.
We went to grab a quick bite before heading to the airport yesterday, and the service was excellent.  I asked the waiter if they're able to rush the orders in, and within 10 minutes - our orders came out.  The food was good, it wasn't salty and had great flavors.  I ordered the Basil Fried Rice, and the cod fish - both excellent.  I will definitely be coming back if I'm in the Orlando area.
I've been here 5 times this month. I love this place, they recognize me when I come in at this point, I feel like family. I keep bringing people here, more people need to know about Hawkers, the whole world needs to know. This time we ordered 18 Roti Canai (that's a lot), chilled sesame noodles, 5 spice wings, bulgogi beef skewars, udon noodles, char kway teo, basil rice, crispy canton noodles. That might be it, not even sure. It's all a blur of incredible flavors. This is the kind of restaurant that you look back in a few years and think, "Aw I remember when they were local". We wanted the 3 teas desert, but they were fresh out, which is the 3rd time that happens (not saying this in a negative way, it's just THAT GOOD, you're very lucky if you get it)
I usually walk here on nights when I don't feel like cooking... so this past week alone I've had Hawkers no less than 3 times. I got the char kway teow first time around and it was great! The portions, while small (obviously; it's a tapas place) were perfect for me since I am a bit on the tiny side and can't eat so much at once. Second go around I ordered something involving Singapore and curry and it was pretty delightful; not as peanutty as I expected and not overly spicy. But this time I ordered dessert. THE THREE TEAS. That's it. I've found my calling in life. Third time, I took my friends with me for 2-4-1 mimosas and the three tea creme brulees. We all loved it! Our only complaint is that the tops weren't burnt enough, but the flavors were so unique that it wasn't a deal breaker. The service is on point. The atmosphere, on a weeknight, is very family-oriented though, which can be irritating if you're a single person, the bar is full, and you just want to enjoy a nice meal without kids literally running around your table. Can't speak to the weekends yet, but I'll make my way here on a Friday or Saturday someday!
The food was great! I love the idea of getting small portions of the food, that way you get to taste a lot from their menu without stuffing yourself to death. The ambiance is very young and hipster-esque lol. Definity worth checking out in east Orlando!
YUM! My BFF took me here when I was visiting last week. Not only VERY vegan friendly, but very friendly friendly too. I had come straight from a Bikram class & I was kind of (literally) a hot mess, but they were nice to me anyway! Also, they card. This 40 year old loves being carded! :) I wish their menu was online. I'm trying to remember everything we had. The Tom Yum was good, vegetable broth, made to order w/ all the fixins, so no shrimp! It was tasty & spicy but there was a little too much in it. I like a less chunky tom yum. The spring rolls, summer rolls, fries w/ the 5-spice blend, and edamame were all excellent. I'll definitely go back here the next time I'm in the area. Yummy!
Christina is the best waitress . She really knows how to give good service, and always knows what I drink. She is a definite asset to Hawkers. I hope they never loose her. They need to make her  head waitress  or manager. Keep up the great job!!!   Thanks B F
Recently I went to Hawkers and thought their overall appeal has gone downhill. In the past each time they brought you a particular entree it was hot, well prepared and something you wanted to order again . This time food was not hot( it was supposed to be) half way prepared and something I would never order again.  I don't know if it was the kitchen staff, the coordination between the management and waiter service ; there was something that was not working that night .  Also when you sit out into the open dining area, the noise when tables mostly are filled is excessive.  It looks like to me that they did not understand noise when designing the building . Usually when I go there, I usually sit up front with the lower ceiling location which is completely different . Hopefully this was one of those rare occurances , but I don't think  so, it may be a trend.
This is a fun concept. We came knowing the street food of some of the best street food cities in Asia, so we had admittedly high expectations. Unlike most street food stalls and night markets in Asia, there is comfortable ambiance with seating and a huge beer list. Both were welcome after a long warm day on our feet. The concept lends itself to trying many flavors which is great for people who to try a bit of everything. It's also a good social concept, so come with friends or family and share. First up was the roti canai, a must get for us any time we can find it. I recommend getting an extra roti if you're sharing. This hit the spot. We added tofu lettuce wraps - a good mix of flavors - and mee goreng. The mee goreng was a little on the sweet side but quite flavorful. The chow faan was a hit and larger than most of the other dishes. Mid-way through the meal we realized there was a Yelp deal on summer rolls, so we added those. By the time they arrived we were stuffed so those were a late night snack - still tasty several hours later. Service was friendly and helpful and prices were quite reasonable.
We love Christina she is one of the best server we have ever had and we eat out all the time and have seen the worst and best she rates # 1 in our book Elaine F
Great food!
I was lucky enough to visit Singapore, Indonesia & Malaysia a year ago, one of the first things I did when I got back was visit Hawkers Asian Street Fare. The restaurant is clean, there are a lot of options but the food is not really authentic -- nothing like what I had in East Asia. That said, there are an array of vegetarian options (vegetarians unite!), it's decently priced and the food is tasty. Make sure to sit out in the patio, it's nice & quiet & a good place to hang out!
Loved it.   Great service from William,  and the food was outstanding.   Tasty and just great,  different and will definitely be back.   A must try.
Good Asian food for Orlando's standards but wayyyy overpriced. I'm not sure if they gave me mini versions of everything because a got my food delivered but I ended up shelling out almost $60 dollars for about 2 peoples worth of food. I don't mind paying high prices for gourmet, local & organic foods but this stuff was seriously your run of the mill Asian food. I probably wouldn't go back here or recommended it because of the super small portion sizes and the fairly high prices.
Hawkers very recently opened up another location in Five Points of Jacksonville, and it has certainly become a major talk of the town. Every time I've tried to go, though, it's been slammed, so I was excited to be in Orlando making one of my usual visits and try the food so many in Jax are raving about. Note: this is tapas-style dining, so your food will come out as it is ready and not in the sequence by which you order. The restaurant itself is simple and modern, with clean lines and an open-feeling space. I thought the large photographs of actual "hawkers" were very interesting and lent to the authenticity. Loved the newspaper tabletops. Came in on a Wednesday afternoon after the lunch rush, late lunch early dinner. The service was outstanding. We told our waitress it was our first time dining with Hawkers, and without hesitation she began a brief but very comprehensive run-through of the menu. We put in for a large hot sake and waters while we debated over our dish selections. There is definitely a lot to choose from. The orange slices in the waters were a nice touch, and we never wanted for refills even if another staff member noticed. When it was time to pack up the leftovers, she brought us exactly the sizes and shapes of containers we needed. Awesome. We ordered roti canai with an additional roti, roast duck, prawn mee, five spice calamari, and a side of white rice. The duck came out first, almost lightning fast. The meat was very tender and the vegetables were fresh, but the meat seemed to be doused in the brown sauce and the dish was barely warm. I wish the skin and fat had been crisped up, but the flavors were still there. Next came the roti, and it is as lovely and delectable as everyone claims. If Indian naan and a French croissant had a love child, it would be called roti canai. Flaky and buttery on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside, this flatbread could probably satisfy someone as a meal all its own with a few more pieces. The creamy curry dipping sauce it comes with is the perfect taste bud dance partner for the roti. If you have some sauce leftover, I recommend getting extra roti or pouring it over rice. Superb. Prawn mee and five spice calamari came next, simultaneously. The prawn mee had a darker broth than the pictures other Yelpers have snapped of it, but this noodle soup was savory, hearty, and had a rich spicy undertone that crept up but didn't overwhelm (they can adjust hotness levels to your tastes). Chock full of noodles, shrimp, chicken, green onions, and an egg. Great for kicking that cold. In my opinion, the five spice calamari was just okay. I'm not a calamari fan, so this dish was primarily ordered for my boyfriend. However, the texture of the fried squid was the most tolerable I've ever experienced, almost enjoyable (sorry, there's just something about the texture). But the spice mixture was on point, the pieces weren't overly breaded and they had a nice crisp to them. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my first experience with Hawkers, and I'm looking forward to trying out the Jax location. Gotta order the potstickers, tom yum soup, and crispy pork belly next time.
5 stars for the food, it's delicious 1 star for the value: If you like to overpay for stuff, and don't mind paying $5 for 4 shrimps, $6 for 25 grams of duck, $7.50 for 30 grams of noodles and $6 for a Bells Kalamazoo Stout in a bottle, then go ahead and throw your money away. These guys are grossly overpriced, I'd say 40% more than comparable restaurants. I don't mind paying good money for food but c'mon, I expect a proportionality of price v. amount. Especially on the noodles. I'm sure the portion can be bigger without compromising the restaurant's profit margin. I won't be going there again. For delicious Thai food check out Sea Thai on E. Colonial about 15 minutes from this restaurant.
Overall great experience.  Wait was a little long.  Good came out quickly and all plates were delicious.  Service was attentive and friendly.  We will be back!!!
This place was not great. There were Palmetto bugs on the floor (I can imagine in the kitchen too!!!) and the beer was warm. Won't go back.
EVERYTHING was delicious as always. My husband and I have had 95% of the menu (thats how often we eat there) and nothing has been a disappointment! the Thai iced tea minus the whipped cream is to die for. these are a few of our favorite noms: singapore mei fun korean bugolgi banh mi sliders roast duck tacos five spice tofu and ROTI CANAI!
The concept is great, but the food was not up to par. On my visit we tried the Sriracha wings, the malaysian curry noodle soup dish and the duck taco. The sriracha wings were just fried chicken wings with a watered-down, honey-added sriracha on the side. The chicken was ok but I though the sauce was too watered down and sweet. Also, found a hair on a piece of chicken so we couldn't eat anymore. The curry soup was pretty good, however, there were chicken pieces in it that were not fully cooked. The duck taco reminded me nothing of a taco. More like Chinese peking duck. But instead of being wrapped in a bun or pancake, it was wrapped in a tortilla. Fillings were duck, hoisin sauce, scallions and cucumber. Being Asian, the flavors were not what I expected. Maybe they toned down some flavors to market towards the American palate? The service, at first, was good. But after the server brought out all our food and checked in on us once. She was not to be found again. Actually, all the servers were hovering around the bar area talking to each other with  their backs to the customers so no one noticed when I was looking for someone to show them the hair on my chicken wing. Then she forgot to take it off the check (since I didn't eat them), and I had to remind her myself. I will definitely not return again. There are much better Asian restaurants to dine at in my opinion. You may not get a variety of different country foods, but you'll get authentic flavors.
My friend and I were looking for a new local restaurant to try and decided on Hawkers because we always pass by it. Bottom line, it's amazing. The basil fried rice is a must-have! I like the tapas style menu, which encourages you to comfortably try anything. We order seven things off the menu. Everything was delicious. We will be coming back soon. Very soon! And the service was also very good. And I'm a big fan of the beer list, which is loaded with craft beers.
was there with meet up group of ladies. I ordered pai thai noodles.which was excellent. crispy spring rolls were ok. Tom young soup will be for brunch tomorrow yum. All the ladies ordered various things and they raved how good it all was. I will definitely be back.
Food was OK. The flavors where no exceptional, the wings came with a sauce the waitress recommended, but it was a ginger slaw, and not something you can dip the wings into. The service was mediocre, she wrote wrong table down, so we watched them bring food to the wrong table and take it back to the kitchen. We had to ask them to bring the food back 10 min later. We asked for grilled wings but got fried as well, to top off the night. The decor that everyone raves about, is what I would call- cheap. That chipotle look is because they used corrugated metal, an inexpensive building material. The lights are cheap looking and the stools look like they are from ikea. The hightop was not too comfortable, as your feet dangle and the backrest is tiny. All in all, it was not too much food, really tiny portions, fir a not so tiny price, with not too much flavor.
This place is amazing! I've been twice now and I have always and now must always get an order of Curry Mashed Potatoes no matter what. What a perfect combination! My most recent visit, we got a free order of the Summer Rolls with a Yelp check-in. Along with that, we ordered the Five Spice tofu, Roti Canai with an extra roti, Curry Mashed Potatoes, and Basil Fried Rice. All were delicious! We saved some of the Roti Canai sauce for the Basil Fried Rice at the suggestion of our server and he was spot on. Very friendly and helpful service and delicious food! I enjoy ordering the small plates so everybody can get a taste of many different items. If I had one suggestion/complaint for this visit, it would simply be that the curry for the mashed potatoes was a tad on the salty side. I was able to balance that with adding extra potatoes to each bite. Otherwise, everything was perfect!
Wonderful flavors, unique dishes and reasonable prices. Check out their happy hour which makes it even more of a value. Inside decor is modern and bar at the front door is cute but probably wouldn't loiter at it for long.  Love that their not a chain!! Fun place to take a handful of friends but not more than 8 or you lose some of the intimacy of the place. Definitely a go!
This place is loud, even when there isn't a lot of people the acoustics of the dining area are horrible. The food however is great. I had the honey siracha wings, kalbi bahn mi, and the egg roll (it's free when you check in. Just make sure the waiter sees your check in because we showed it to them and they still put it on our bill, so we had to show it to them again.) The service on the other hand is ridiculous. I saw a waiter wipe his nose with his bare hand prior to serving a table. Also, the staff is slow and inattentive, my wife and I waited a good 10 minutes before anyone came to get our order, there was only two small parties other than us. The overall experience was bad, but if you pick up your food to go it would be great. This place would be better as a food truck.
Hawkers Asian Street Fare has been doing a pretty good job of bringing the flavor and excitement of Asian Hawker cuisine to Orlando. Since 2011, Hawkers has been serving up delectable food at very affordable prices right here in Orlando. Most of the dishes they offer are in small plate fashion, but they also have larger portions of stir fry. Everything is made to share and does not come out in a systematic order, which kind of adds to the fun of eating there.   The Roti Canai is some of the best I have had, and is highly addictive.  This is a Malaysian flat bread served with a side of some pretty awesome spicy curry dipping sauce. We ordered the Potstickers steamed. These Chinese chicken dumplings are handmade and were delicious. The Grilled Wings with Honey Sriracha sauce was a spectacular flavor combination of hot and sweet. You can order them as a five piece plate, or a ten piece. From the Stir-Fry menu, we ordered the Beef Haw Fun. This is a mixture of Chinese stir-fried wide rice noodles, sliced steak, scallions, onions and bean sprouts tossed in soy sauce that was quite tasty. Another dish we had from the Stir-Fry menu was the Stir Fry Udon which consists of Stir-fried udon noodles with chicken, eggs, onions, scallions, carrots and bean sprouts. This was a great combination of  flavors and textures with a touch of heat. Parking can be a little scarce, but Hawkers is certainly worth a visit. We really enjoyed all of the food we ate there, and we have not even sampled a quarter of the menu yet. That's what makes it fun. You can go and sample five, six, seven dishes, and then go another time and sample all new ones without breaking the bank. Singaporean literature declares eating as a national pastime and food, a national obsession. I can tell you that I am officially obsessed with Hawkers Roti Canai, and will definitely be returning soon.
Delicious each and every time I go!  The Pad Thai is amazing and the Duck is top notch.  There's a reason there is always a wait to get a table.
Ok so authentic isn't really what this place is about. However, it offers a combination of great flavors in a tapas format that makes it really fun to share with friends. Try a bit of everything for a reasonable price and it's a fun experience.  Seating isn't very comfortable so it isn't really the place to hang out for extended periods of time.
I've tried this place a few times.  I can't imagine why people like it. On a recent visit everything we ordered was bland.  Pot stickers, plain ground pork, not seasoned at all.  Edamame covered in oil, garlic and peppers; nothing but a mess to eat and all that extra goo had no impact on the bean inside; why?  A few other dishes were just a bland.  The atmosphere: some metal music playing most of the time and a goth/hipster looking wait staff to boot. I've spent a good deal of time in Asia and can't for the life of me understand why anyone would go here for Asian food.
Get here early; tables are few and the crowd is large. Don't order the Malaysian Prawn Mee. It's all MINE!
i have been to this place sever time and each time they have made me feel like i am a important part of there business. the staff is always friendly. the food is always great although there are some food does need a little improvement like the pot-stickers ,they are a little plane the skewers are to die for. i think after the get up and running they should be one of Orlando best. i look forward to coming back thank you and would always suggest this place to people that are looking for a good Asian place to eat.
Great food, interesting flavors, good prices and a big selection of beers. What more could you ask for?
Reminds me of Hawaii! A variety of inexpensive Asian dishes, different beers and a casual ambience. I really like this place. I just wish they were open later than 10 pm.
My wife and I ate here after buying shoes across the street. The service was outstanding, but the food...now that was amazing! I had the soba noodles. They were perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. I also liked the prices and small portions because it allowed me to sample things. The soba noodles were what I remember.
I placed an order using online delivery at 9:40 PM, and it was accepted.  It showed that the restaurant closed in 20 minutes when I started placing it.  At 10 PM once every other restaurant had already closed, I got a call from yelp saying that the restaurant stopped delivering at 9:30, and that they couldn't tell me any other options that delivered.  This restaurant needs to get their act together!
Hawkers was great! We went on a very crowded Friday night, but got a seat outside in no time. It took a little while to get someone out to us, but once he arrived, he was very knowledgeable, friendly, and made great suggestions. We had the summer rolls (which were free with my Yelp check in- fun!)- they were light and tasty. We also had the roast duck, the crispy pork, the Bahn Mi Korean Bulgogi beef slider, and the potstickers. All of the food is presented tapas-style on shareable plates. It was great because you're able to get a taste of everything, and the prices were extremly reasonable. Only complaints- crispy pork was a little dry on top and I managed to scrape up the roof of my mouth on it, which made the bahn mi a little less fun to eat. There was also a huge list of beers- all bottled, but great. I had the Tiger from Singapore, and my husband had the Chang from Thailand. I will definitely go back!
Very good food in a trendy atmosphere.
Great concept. Poor execution. Many of the dishes offered here at Hawker are ones that I grew up on, so imagine my excitement when I found Hawker while on vacation. Checking into Yelp offered me free Summer Rolls. They were large in size and tasted like typical summer rolls. We also ordered pork belly which came out first. They were very dry. Not something you would expect from something that is mostly fat. Next up were the Korean beef bulgogi skewers. These were very tough and did not taste anything like bulgogi that I have had before. Our group of 4 didn't even finish an order of 6. We also ordered Beef Har Fun, Tom yam soup and Cantonese beef stew. All were very bland. It feels like they toned down all the exciting Asian flavors for more Americanized pallets. I would not recommend this place to friends unless they are slowly trying to expand their eating selections.
Service: We had a young lady wait our table of two people, she held an feigned smile, and was extremely ambiguous about her service (by that I mean she was subliminally rude). However, another young man we flagged down to help us here and there was a much better server (though he was not our main server) who smiled and was willing to help us out. For him, he would be a 4 star, the young lady a 3 star. Altogether: 3.5 star for service Food: As one of the only places in Orlando that served Malaysian Laksa and Malaysian Prawn Mee, we gave this place a try knowing it was Asian Fusion. The way their food is set up is tapas bar style, which makes a good revenue since you make a small amount of food and charge it for a tapas price (not cheap like dim sum - family/tapas style!). Their Prawn Mee (entree dish) consisted of good ingredients, however extremely unflavorful. It was obvious that the broth was made of beef stock, and tasted more like unflavorful Chinese beef noodle soup with tons of hot peppers added to it, real spicy. (2 star) The Prawn Mee (entree dish) tasted like weak curry soup, again with fresh ingredients, but poor flavor. (2 star) We also ordered the black bean fish filet (tapas dish), which was absolutely delicious, with great ingredients as well. (4 star) 3 star This place, unfortunately, is not the place to go for authentic Asian food. It is obvious when you read the category this place is put in as "Asian Fusion" which is not real authentic. Hawker's has a wonderful set up with great ambience, I highly appreciated the nostalgic "newspaper tables" and walls. My rating for this place would be higher, had it been for a better server that makes the experience funner. Anything you order off the tapas menu can be found with bigger portions (and better pricing) at other authentic restaurants. It is real obvious when you find few Asians working this place as well as eating here, that this is not an authentic restaurant. Overall, this is a place for people who are willing to eat "Asian" food the American way, and not step into the real culture. I will commend the way that they have Americanized Asian dining into a prettier experience for Americans. Come here if you enjoy touching the surface of real Asian food - you'll be sure to enjoy it. As for me, authentic is my cup of tea.
It was our first visit as well as the last.   $6.00 for 4 tiny shrimp, 2 bites of bread cost $3.00.  that's it.  It did say it is a "small plate", and the price seems "cheap" on the menu.  Wait until you see the portion of the food then realized you got ripped off. After spending $10 for my lunch, my friend and I went to Pei Wei to get more food, no kidding.  I am a petite woman, I normally can't finish a regular lunch portion from other restaurants.  WAHT A RIPPED OFF.
My husband and I recently moved from a Toronto to Central Florida and have been on the lookout for good and authentic Chinese/Malay cuisine. I grew up in a city filled with culture and a mecca of great authentic ethnic restaurants. Having grown up enjoying homemade Singaporean/Nonya and Cantonese food we thought we have hit the jackpot with Hawkers. Their pictures looked great, the Siu Yoke looked fresh and crunchy, the Roast duck looked great it - it looked like it was served the way BBQ restaurants would have, the Laksa looked amazing. We were sold by the pictures alone. Everything looked authentic. We didn't have to wait when we got there though we were there around 8:30pm. We ordered the Laksa, Sui Yoke, Roast Duck and the Basil fried rice. When they brought over the roast duck, we were flabbergasted. It looked nothing like the pictures on Yelp. It was stirfried with some sort of sauce and green onions. That was NOT what we had anticipated. The taste was too salty and it just felt like this was refrigerated roast duck and they stir fried it to hide it. Same goes for the Sui Yoke. Fresh roast pork does not need to be stirfried in oil! It came to us as a jumble of re-fried greasy meat. Again, it gave us the impression that this too was not fresh. The Laksa was the only winner of the meal. The broth itself was great for taste. The noodles are thin and not the typical noodles normally served in this dish. The basil fried rice was bland and incredibly oily. Nothing more to say about that. Needless to say we were so disappointed in Hawkers and will not be going back ever. When we get that itch for authentic Chinese BBQ, we will go down the street to Tasty Wok for their delicious and fresh Sui Yoke and Roast Duck.
Ok ok, full disclosure, I was invited to have a repeat meal on the house..already that merits a 5 star rating for killer customer service.  This review does come a bit late but really our second meal here was certainly better than the first.  The stand-outs were the gyoza (miles above the norm), the curry laksa (just be sure to share that one..LOTS of coconut milk) and the 3 tea creme brulee.  That last one especially since I'm not generally huge on desserts...these things were little bites of awesome!  So..I'd still say you have to order a bit carefully, but the menu is extensive and it shouldn't be too hard to find something you'll like. One more thing... they have a very impressive beer list; who knew?
Checked in and got free spring rolls which were yummy..our server was slow but so cute! Food is excellent. Great find on roadtrip back to chicago. My date looked exceptionally hot tonight.
Great food... Great value ... Great service... Tried for first time and we will be going back
It's okay. We haven't been in months and months (though we're within easy walking distance) because the food is so salty--I swear we're bloated for two days afterward. Also, it is so effin' loud in there that everyone must scream to have a conversation. Ug.
Apparently named for people who sell cheap food on the street in China, Hawkers sells a variety of small-portioned Asian inspired dishes.  I got the Five Spiced Tofu thinking it might be spicy -- it was not.  The tofu was surprisingly prepared crunch, though.  My other items, Jicama salad and Vegi Summer Rolls, were also not overly flavorful although very fresh.  Service was efficient and friendly.  They have a nice list of craft beers (in bottle) -- something I never expect in an Asian restaurant.  The food is definitely good and my overall experience makes it worth another visit.
I can't believe it has taken me so long to eat here. I have been missing out! Hawkers is a great place to go with a group so you can eat family style and try a lot of different dishes. We ordered the Southeat Asian Tofu Curry, Summer Rolls, Roti Canai, Basil Fried Rice, and a Papaya Mix salad. The Tofu Curry stole the show! The tofu was fried then the curry sauce was poured over it. The Summer Rolls were so flavorful, but next time I will order it with shrimp. The Roti Canai was equally delicious! The Papaya Mix salad was light and refreshing. The only thing I didn't like about Hawkers was the loud atmosphere. It was hard to hear my friends at the table. The service was great though and our drinks were constantly refilled.
My husband and I as well as a friend of ours came here last night after hanging out at BART for a while. Hungry for some banh mi, we actually tried to go to Yum-Mi at first but they were closed. And I'm glad they were so I got the chance to try Hawker's! The food here was great, the service was attentive, and we all enjoyed sitting outside on the patio in the evening. Having just had lots of beer, none of us opted for alcohol--I got a Thai iced tea with the whipped cream (and I would probably get it next time without the whip; it was just a little too much) and my friends got sodas. But we weren't really here for the drinks; we were here for the FOOD! First off, I ordered curry mashed potatoes to start and my friend got roti canai to start too. They were both fantastic. Just a few minutes after we ordered, the potatoes and roti came out and we tore into them. Both were hot and fresh and the curry was savory but not super spicy. We all agreed we'd order both of these dishes again multiple times. The roti especially were superb: flaky, hot, and excellent dipped in the side of curry sauce. The ratio was a little off--it came with two roti and a fairly full bowl of curry, so for three people there was a little too much curry and not enough roti. But it looks like from others' reviews that you can order extra roti perhaps. We might try that next time. For the mains, I ordered mee goreng, my husband stir-fried udon, and our friend some kind of noodles with duck (I can't remember the name of his dish but I think it was the curry duck noodles). All were great--again, hot, fresh, came out quickly, and nicely seasoned and garnished, but the standout dish was the udon. They were smoky and seasoned so well, with large chunks of meat and soft noodles. I am definitely getting the udon again when I come back. My mee goreng was pretty good and had lots of peanuts for garnish with lime on the side, as well as nice pieces of shrimp and potato in it, but it was actually even better the next day, oddly. Still, that udon...I am still thinking about it the next day and wishing I had more. Good service, good food, okay ambiance .... we will be back for sure!
It's a good sign when you look at a menu and want to try EVERYTHING.  Ok, not everything.  There were in fact three things that I didn't want to try: plain white rice, plain brown rice, and durian.  That's it. Since this is a "small plates"-type restaurant, two people could actually make a decent dent in the menu.  And so we tried.  Bulgogi skewers (which came with an unexpected side of kimchee), char siu, roti canai, fish fillet with black bean sauce, sesame chilled noodles, char kway teo, and then for dessert, three teas creme brulee and ice kachang.  Of these, only the ice kachang was a miss because the ice was too coarse (but realize that I say that as a fan of Hawaiian shave ice). The rest I would happily order again, with the roti canai and the fish fillet with black bean sauce as particular standouts. This is definitely someplace I will make an effort to visit every time I'm in the city.
Been here a few times...always regret it. There's nothing here remotely good. I'm put off by the names of their dishes like vietnamese salad is nothing like a vietnamese salad.
Amazing! One of the best Orlando has to offer. Ordered Laksa noodles and they gladly made it vegetarian. Hubby got me bulgogi lettuce wrap which was great. Roti canai appetizer is CANT MISS!!! And the BEERS!!! what a selection ! ...all between $4-$6... New favorite place .
As a Malaysian being here only for 4 years, this place delivers. Aside from my kitchen itself, you've got the necessities of hawker foods from Hokkien mee, prawn mee, Kari mee, Tom yum, mee goreng and even roti canai!! Awesome little spot for when u have the cravings.
Small servings, great food, interesting decor, and relatively inexpensive. Great place to go on date night or before a movie.  Service was great as well.
had never been here before, but one of my friends told me about a nice quick asian fusion place. thought to give it a shot, and im so glad i did. this place is awesome. quick, the server we had was amazing. she was upfront and told us to order as we go. dont order to much at once, because you wont eat it all. it was very filling, and her honesty and friendliness was great! will definately be returning. this is a wonderful asian resturant. not authentic, but still tastes great and full of flavor. will return for sure!
Bright, soothing, and interesting! Waitress and waiter friendly, we were a party of 12. Ordered steamed dumping and satay Chicken tacos. I got four small dumplings but they were awesome and two tacos which were also small but delish. I would of liked to see a bigger portion but the food was great regardless. For two dishes and a drink - it only cost me 11 and change.
nice variety of food. nice atmosphere. I went with a group of friends and we probably ordered 25% of the menu, and i'd have to say that almost everything that was served was a hit.
Seriously, Hawkers has 200+ photos posted ?!? On vacation here and we had a craving for some Asian & Malaysian food as it has been a while and the 3 days of burgers, sloppy joes, fries, sandwiches and similar fare was getting too much. Exterior is nice with a patio area. There is onsite parking with a little water garden to greet you. The building is done an a 'traditional' Asian look. Personally, I'm not a fan of the tinted windows. I would strongly recommend one those see-through vinyl graphics - possibly  of Asian Hawkers? This way patrons inside can see out an potential customers see a visually appealing restaurant window (and its advertising their biz). Interior has an industrial look. Another review said it was cool and trendy... not really. It's not, not these things. I would call it industrial modern. Anyway, the photos of the inside say it all. We had Chinese stew on noodles (turned out to be a beef brisket noodle soup type), a beef curry, roti canai, Cantonese cod, laksa, satay skewers and 2 soft drinks. BONUS!!! Yelp Check In gets you free edamame!!!!! All in for $45 + tip. All dishes were flavorful, portioned correctly for the price you pay, presented as they should be. Service was polite, friendly and courteous. Have you seen the beer list? It's huge!!!! There a fair choice of wine too! We (2 adults) left totally stuffed!! 1/4 of the Chinese stew/noodles could not be finished. Would we go back? Oh yes!!
Today is officially my 1-week anniversary for Hawkers (if that's possible) and I've probably had 5 or 6 meals there so far. Pretty good hit rate, no? With that in mind, I'm personally taking the title of Millihawk the Hawkers Stalker. No need to call OPD (but if anyone sees OUC, please stop them and ask them to turn my power back on, please). So, I've seen the other reviews and regarding the food, they're all on point. My favorite dish so far (because the menu is gi-mongous) has got to be the Roti. I would highly recommend that if you order this dish ($3-$4) add another roti (especially if you plan to share) for another $1.50 as you're going to have plenty of curry remaining. Unless like me you simply pour all of that remaining goodness either directly in your mouth or on a 2nd dish. Not lady-like, I know, but whatever. Another dish that I'd recommend - well I'll have to navigate you directionally on the menu as I can't remember the name. Go to noodle section (right panel inside and column 2 I think) and it's the 3rd dish from the bottom. When I've ordered, folks have asked if it's Pad Thai and I know it's not. Similar, but it's not. It's apparently labeled as a signature dish and one of the servers noted that it's a very popular hawker dish. The food is good - check. The booze is good (I think they're pouring 4-oz wine pours to accommodate the low $5 across-the-board wine by the glass pricing, but that's okay) - check. But most importantly, it's the team and overall vibe that really make this place work extremely well for me. A perfect fit for the Colonialtown neighborhood, indeed and not at all that hokiness you find downtown or in TP. Kay and C/Kaleb have been the two main faces that I've seen on my recent ventures and in their two weeks of functioning, they seem to be delivering with such cool, calm, and collect. Atypical of a restaurant fresh from opening (example, Bananas down the street during opening week was well...bananas. I've not been back). Well done, guys. Well done. So one would think that after buying Mizuno's from Track Shack that I would have gone jogging down Mills for a minute to give the new kicks a go. I did, but I didn't get too far. . I sprinted across the street to Hawkers. Any hangups from me? None at the moment. (Hawkers team, whatever you do...keep the prices exactly where they are and the bodies will keep coming.)
Honestly I had such high hopes for this place. The summer rolls I had were barely edible. It also was literally rice paper that was still hard, half heartily rolled with some bean sprouts and veggies in it, really, garnish. Summer rolls usually have protein in them. The pad thai also was not very good, it was missing that tangy, spicy flavor. The stir fry udon was just greasy and not good. The roti canai was probably the only decent item we had. I will say that the restaurant itself is very nice, the service was fine, and I do love the concept. I wish the food held up though.
Asian tapas style restaurant.  The ROTO CANAI is quite possiblely the best thing out there. I have tried about 40% of the menu and have only been disappointed once. The food can get a little spicy, but it is such a flavorful spice it is worth it. The only complaint I have (and why it doesn't get 4 stars) is the service is only great about 50% of the time. The food make up for it and I come almost once a week.
Very responsive to vegan needs. Great veggies, including kale, in a nice oyster sauce
We love coming here .. It's a regular spot for us.. It is always yummy. Last time we went the food seemed a little off for the first time. The chilled sesame noodles were not as peanut flavored as usual but everyone has an off day ... Generally yummy
Drop everything and get the roti. You won't regret it! Lo mein is so good, I usually order two because I can't stop eating it. We also love the hawkers wings. The bahn mi duck sliders used to be a go-to but have not been as good on recent visits. My kids love the chicken skewers. And, of course, the lo mein and roti :)
Hawkers is great. Every time we go, I try something different and it's all really flavorful and fun to taste. Parking is a bit challenging at peak hours, but there is usually street parking if you don't mind a short walk. Prices are great as well.
Food is amazing! Some of the best asian I have ever had. The Roti Canai (is that how you spell it?) is a must have. I would recommend this place to everyone. The service was great and the atmosphere was casual/chill. This place would have 5 stars from me if it weren't for the serving sizes relative to the price. It's expensive!
We came here on a Wednesday night and while there was a good showing of people here, it wasn't packed and it seemed like wait times were pretty good. I called in ahead for priority seating and they were able to get us a table right away. First impressions of the place: they did their best to make a trendy establishment out of the space available, but I felt it was a little crowded and potentially loud (if there are some loud people there).  It wasn't bad, just my impression. Their sake selection was kind of disappointing though. Small, and commonly found. Their top shelf choice is Ty Ku which is a good sake, but nothing special. It's just too common in my opinion. Service was good. Our waitress did a good job with recommendations and seemed very knowledgeable about their menu. Attentiveness was good as well. She was quick to clear finished dishes out of our way and was able to take off a badly made Vietnamese iced coffee from our check. The food was decent overall, and it reminded me of food you can find in the Taiwanese night market in Taipei...just not nearly as awesome. Their curry, which they touted as their specialty, wasn't as impressive as they made it sound. It was rather bland in my opinion. It's pretty close to some Indian curries that I've had, but with less flavor. Here is what we ordered: * Lettuce Wraps w/ Korean Bulgogi Beef - This was really good and both my girlfriend and I enjoyed this. The meat however, wasn't what you expect of bulgogi. Still awesome and would order again. * Springs Rolls - Got this free just for checking in with Yelp . It's really just the typical spring roll you can find at just about any Asian restaurant that serves them. Good, but not mind blowing. * Curry Hawker Meatballs - Didn't find this particularly delicious. The meat seemed over-fried and tasted like chickpeas. The curry sauce it was in was ok. * Roast Duck - This is pretty much a play on Peking duck, except you don't get the flour wrap. I love duck and this didn't disappoint. * Fish Fillet with Black Bean Sauce - This was very good. 'nuff said. *Five Spice Porkettes - I really liked this. Reminds me of the seasoned fried chicken or pork you can at the Taiwanese night markets. I was expecting bigger portions for the price though. * Curry Laska - This would've been a great dish if their curry had more flavor. Still not bad though. * Char Kway Teo - I really liked this dish, but my girlfriend found it too salty. * Mango Sticky Rice dessert - This was a disappointment. The rice was too hard and not sticky enough. They also could've drizzled more of the sweet sauce on it. The mango with sherbet on the top was good though. If you want good mango sticky rice, Thai Basil is the place to go...if only it wasn't seasonal for them. Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience, but not particularly impressive. A good date place if you want a trendier Asian restaurant. If you're snobby about Asian food, it might not be your place.
Awesome friendly staff! Great Food! Overall, a fun time! tapas style meals - gives you a chance to try a variety of options and flavors! Right off mills so parking is just regular street parking :/ Very chic ambiance and clean facilities! nothing but good things to say about this spot. its def. hip and vibrant.
Tapas gone Asian! Seriously good food here. They had a yelp check in offer of free summer rolls, and that was nice addition to a very flavorful Malaysian specialty noodle dish, the peanut sauce was very good. I recommend coming with friends as the restaurant is set up so that everyone can share dishes.
I gotta say, I wanted to love this place. It smelled amazing from the parking lot (it actually had a parking lot which is a huge plus in this area of town), but it didn't completely live up to expectations. Let's break this down into service and food. Service: Nice guy.....but really slow. A lunch which should have taken 45 minutes max from the time we sat until we left actually took an hour and a half. We weren't the only ones either. Tables sat before us weren't getting their food or drinks either......it was just a mess considering how small the place is. Food: Mixed results. What we liked: Five spice calamari and dumplings. The calamari pieces were really tiny, but done really well. They were still tender, and the five spice was lightly dusted, not over powering. The dumplings were okay, and obviously fresh, but nothing spectacular. What we wouldn't get again: Any of the Bahn Mi, chicken eggrolls. The bread on the bahn mi was lightly toasted, but that translated as stale. The beef bulgogi meat lacked flavor, and was extremely dry. The pork belly had been battered and deep fried, which made it too rich to serve with mayonnaise. The eggrolls had an acceptable texture, but they're extremely Americanized and lacking in flavor. Overall, I don't know if we'll give them another chance.
I ordered my food (fried rice) to be vegetarian. They served the food and I found a piece of beef in it. I showed it to waitress and she referred it to manager. Manager apologized and said that probably they didn't clean the wok completely before making the food!!! But the worst part was that they brought the check that included fried rice and ask me if I want it to be taken out!!! What do they expect me to respond? If you accept that it was your problem then you shouldn't add it to the check in the first place, not asking customer. So, I ended up paying for a supposedly vegetarian food with a piece of beef in it. I'll not go back there and don't recommend it to anyone.
Can't say enough good things about Hawkers. Inventive dishes, hip atmosphere and great service The menu is filled with Asian "street food" and is all served tapas style. It's a great opportunity to sample new things. It's especially good for groups. I personally love any of the wings (grilled to perfection) and I'm hooked on the roti canai (a a type of flatbread served with a wonderful curry sauce for dipping). I only have two complaints about Hawkers. 1: The chairs (at both the low top and high top tables) are incredibly uncomfortable and 2: The noise level is way to high--due to the high ceiling and concrete floor. Easy fixes that would make this place perfect.
Yes, I'm a fan.  Hawkers is directly across Mills Avenue from the Track Shack, in the location of the late Chinatown restaurant. I didn't get the meaning of the name until I walked in.  It is named after the street hawkers of Asia, and features beautiful photographs on the walls of actual hawkers. Today I had three small plates, Goi Cuon (vegetarian summer rolls), Siu Yoke (crispy roast pork) and Bahn Mi.  All were excellent. Only open for a couple of weeks, I expect Hawkers will do very well once word of mouth gets around.  I can already see myself going back soon.  I must check out the Duck Udon among other items.
Great food, solid beer selection, and with this many reviews, there's nothing else to say.
Thank you yelp!  I am so glad I found this place.   So I assume everyone who is checking out this place on yelp have been to Chinese restaurants right?  You know you want to different food but their portions are so big that you gotta bring like 4-5 people.  Well not at Hawkers.  They offer tapas style so you can try little bit of everything!   You must try their curry with roti or shrimp.  It is absolutely delicious.  I loved the Malaysian prawn mee....spicy and lots of flavors!  You love noodles, shrimp and spicy??? Go for it!  We also ordered lettuce wrap with bulgogi, and five spice calamari.  Our bill came out 45 dollars with two small plates, two mains, two dessert and a cup of coffee, before tip.   Overall, everything was delicious, attentive and quick service, and good ambiance.  I will be definitely back Hawkers.   P.S. Don't forget to check in on yelp app so that you can get free summer rolls.
Prompt and friendly service, even at the small bar area. Always get an extra roti with the roti canai! The curry sauce is on point, just spicy enough. The Pad Thai is super legit as well, definitely the best I've had.
Great spot for something different! Lots of fun for a group. I enjoyed trying the small bites. It was easy to get a good "taste" for the restaurant... and for not much cash! Good service and easy parking.
Love the concept, My food was varied from smashing (great) to crashing. My Steak skewers with jerk seasoning were awesome- I need to order more next time, the summer rolls I ordered were definitely on the bland side. they would have gone down better with a little internal seasoning. The only thing I could taste was the lettuce even though they were stuffed with other items. The peanut sauce was ok, but I didn't think it paired that well. Maybe ill try it with a hot/spicy sauce next time. My Asian fried green beans were tasty but the breading came off way too easily and the fried green beans were not that tasty on their own after they had been killed in the fryer. I definitely plan on going back even if my food experience wasn't the best. I thought the place looked amazing and the menu fascinates me to try other things. Ill order tons of skewers and try other sides. (Holds pointy finger out with full side-eye) Until next time Hawkers...
Great place to get a quick, yummy bite.
Possibly the only place in Orlando that serves French fries and Pad Thai all under one roof. Not bad... not great... A-OK just about sums it up. The food here is decent, but I wouldn't go out of my way to return.  Service was not so great. Our waiter was not very attentive, did not refill drinks, and took forever and a day to bring us the check. Crowd was mostly business people and families.
Really love Hawkers.  The "Asian Street Fare" part of the name I don't get - I like to think of it as Pan-Asian Tapas.  But the food is great and environment is lively.  There is a wait sometimes, but that's okay, because you kinda feel like you are waiting for something desired.  Hard to get this effect usually - but it works here.  The Stir Fry's are incredible - gotta try those.  The Fish with Black Beans rocks.  The best way to order is just order a range of items - in different form factors, this really adds an exploratory aspect to the experience.  Each dish feels like a totally new taste and flavor profile.  If you like it spicy, this is a wonderful destination. Great to go with friends or a few couples.  The sociability factor is very high.  It can get a little loud. I will say that this is one of my favorite restaurants in Orlando.  I give it five stars because I always have a great experience and feel confidant in recommending Hawkers.
No words needed. Just eat there.
Cool concept.  Everything come really fast. It's an ideal place for lunch if you are on time crunch.  The food is really good and very flavorful.  I would come back again.  Service is very attentive and helpful
In the mood for a little asian-fusion tapas? This is the place to go. There are many items to choose from on the menu. I personally had the summer rolls, Roti, and fish tacos. My friends had the wings, potstickers, fried rice and sliders. Everything was good, but was just shy of that "GREAT" taste I can acheive at other restaurants nearby. I think this is a safe place to go with a goup since there are so many things to choose from. The alcohol selection is decent and the atmosphere is casual and welcoming. I love the outdoor patio too. I definitely recommend this restaurant to friends. Especially those that are not sure if they like asian style food. The prices are good... and you can sample several items.
Been here many times but tonight I placed a take out order for Pad Thai and when I got home it was missing chicken and shrimp (which it always has).  I called the restaurant to let them know and the server just replied with a sorry for the mistake...it should have shrimp and chicken.  I know! No service recovery offered.  very disappointing. I think most of the other ratings on this location are over rated.
A delightful assortment of flavorful small plates.  The menu has enough variety that even picky eaters can find something to enjoy.  The fresh made pan seared potstickers were the best I have tried, and I have tried a lot!  Char kway teo was smoky and delicious.  Korean bulgogi beef bahn mi slider was yummy as well. Definitely coming back and will explore more tasty treats.
This place has a interesting concept. Really interesting how you can get different plates and share with each other. Kimchi rice wasn't flavorful- didn't taste like kimchi and was too greasy. Five spice tofu was beautifully fried, light crispy, but no spices on it. Tom yum soup was very flavorful. Lacked balance as it was far too spicy despite the fact that the people in my party love heat. Summer rolls were pretty good- for free too! Sweet and spicy sauce was great. Peanut sauce was said to be good (though I wouldn't know as I cannot eat peanuts). Beef was also good, as was the shrimp (so says my brother- his judgment on meat isn't too shabby). Overall, not bad. Could use some tweaking to get the right balance for each dish. Good concept, but won't be around here too soon.
Amazing! Everything was very fresh and hot. The prices are very good for the quality of food and the staff goes out of their way to deliver good service. The manager even came to our table and made sure that we had a nice experience. No room for desert so next time!
Great asian fusion food. The place is packed and after testing my taste buds I know why. Skip the mash potato appetizer but try all others. Get there in advance the place is popular and they have a small parking lot
Hawkers is SO delicious! It is a hot local spot, but worth the wait. The Pad Thai is amazing and everything is served fresh. Here are my usual menu favorites! -Pad Thai -Kimchi Fried Rice -Pan Fried Pot Stickers -Spicy Garlic Edamame -Char Kway Teo I do not think you can go wrong with anything on the menu... love this place!
Finally got to try them out - woohoo! I have been wanting to go here for awhile, especially seeing all the rave reviews. First off, I love the decor here. Very Chipotle, as many have said, but on a classier scale. The staff were friendly and very attentive too. There were so many yummy items to try on the menu that it was hard to decide which to order! The plates were even smaller than I thought they would be, which is not bad. Now I know I can order more next time and not feel like a piggy. I ordered the Roti Canai, Friend Dumplings, and the Koren Bulgogi Beef Bahn Mi sliders, and a glass of Pinot Grigio. All had really great flavors, but a I thought a few things were off. 1) The wine was served in a stemless glass. I still don't know how I feel about those; however, that isn't the issue. I really don't think it was a full serving. It felt like it was a $3 pour rather than a $6 one. I think I will stick with a cider or just water next time. 2) The Roti Canai only came with one piece of Roti. Yes, I know it is Tapas style, but the Roti is small and thin as is. Not enough to sop all that yummy curry. Personally, I think they could throw in one more piece, but now I know to order another piece from the start. 3) The Bahn Mi sliders: Really great flavor to the meat. I just wish there was more of it. It was mostly bread. Boo... Also, the mayo, veggies, and herbs were all placed where either I got a mouthful of those or a mouthful of the meat - nothing together. Defeats the point, me thinks. If they could work on that , I would definitely try it again. Even with the small complaints, I am ready to go back and try some more dishes!
I really liked this place. It was very busy and the service was a little slow to start off with. To start I had the bulgogi lettuce wraps, and although it did not have the traditional Korean bulgogi flavor, it was still very yummy. I also had the duck tacos, Chicken Satay. Both were equally delicious.  I would have passed on the crispy pork as it was nothing special.  The egg rolls were wonderful, very crispy and not greasy at all, and above all super fresh. This place is very reasonably price and the food is very fresh and high quality. The tea brulee dessert was to die for!  I am looking forward to my next visit because the menu has such a wide variety of delicious sounding items!
Duck curry noodles - just wow - enough spice to give it a kick, but not so much it burns. The staff is friendly and attentive, prices are reasonable, and the food is excellent. Two thumbs way up.
Hawkers is one of my favorite restaurants in Orlando a few reasons, but the main one is the quality of the food. It's Asian fusion, which is great because I enjoy Chinese, Thai, Malaysian, Vietnamese... they have all kinds of dishes from these regions, and it's nice that they are served small-plate style (like tapas). The idea here is to reproduce the (best) food from Asian street vendors and serve it up in a manner where you can share your dishes with your group. (but you don't have to). In practice, I tend to order more than I need, but, also in practice, I still manage to finish everything. Their beer list is very good, and they just recently updated their menu. Now it's not just a list, but they have helpful explanations of the origins of each beer they offer. My last trip there, I ordered the Red Brick Blonde Ale, which I highly recommend on hot summer days. By the way, eating outside on their patio area during a midsummer Florida day is not recommended because it's not covered. However, we had our corgi with us so we really didn't have much choice. Fortunately, one of the girls there was super nice and fetched us an umbrella. The inside of Hawkers is a neat gastropub type atmosphere. The biggest problem here is parking - there's just not enough of it. (If their lot is full, I recommend just parking on the side of Mills somewhere). Fortunately, we live within walking distance to Hawkers so it's not a major deal. My favorite dishes at Hawkers are: the Roti Canai, Five spice fish tacos, roast duck tacos, wings (with oriental jerk seasoning), the Yow Choy (kale) and the Bok Choy. But I haven't had a dish I didn't like yet... By the way, the prices here are extremely reasonable! I was surprised at how cheap the bill was after all the food. Final tip: check in on Yelp and get a free order of spring rolls!
F- Food: was tasty, oriental jerk chicken skewer was different and the right amount of spice. Five spice fish was interesting, cinnamon taste was prevalent making it different and a good balance with the spiciness of the oriental jerk chicken, basil fried rice was good and fresh. Pan fried chicken pot stickers was very good, tasted fresh. Lettuce wrap was yummy and lightly spice, lettuce was crispy and fresh. Large beer selection A- Ambiance: casual, families, bring a sweater....AC was on full blast. C- Cost: $4-6 a plate. Great concept since you can order $30's worth of food and try a little bit of everything. Sake is a little bit expensive ($13-15) T- Time: Service started out slow, the server took a while to take our order, but the food didn't take too long, came out hot and fresh and the busser/food runner came around often with water refills and to clear out the empty plates. I can see where they get busy on weekends and there could be a longer wait. S- Service: Waitress was nice, tried to work as fast as she could, since she got busy while we were there. The bus boy was new and tried hard. We will definitely go back to Hawkers, great concept, good price and great variety! I would like to try the coconut curry shrimp and the udon stir fry next time.
Awesome dishes there. I could easily have a high bill for myself.  Will have to say be careful when eating any kind of fried rolls or encased products.  I burned my mouth badly with the oil that collected inside when I bit down.  Even after the food had cooled off a bit.  However that hasn't stopped me from going back!
I think I like the idea and concept of this place more than the actual place/food/service. The food was alright, nothing I haven't had before. I think it's silly that they won't do individual checks. I also think the price is too high for such a small portion. I mean I get the whole tapas style but $6 for a plate that has like 5 pieces of fish on it?! I did like the Five Spice Tofu; that was delicious. Everything else was mehhhh. I ordered 10 dishes because the portions were small.
Great pan-Asian street food at reasonable prices. Nice selection of bottled beers at not-so-reasonable prices. Try the curry roti or the fried green beans for something different and delicious.
The birthday boy picked one of his favorite restaurants for his dinner, Hawkers Asian Street Fare on Mills Ave. in Orlando.  The menu is big and deep and really offers a wide selection of asian-inspired food. This is the perfect place to go with a group and just order lots of different small plates and share so you can try a little bit of everything. We started with Potstickers for my boys (easily their favorite food), an order of Summer Rolls (free thanks to a Yelp check-in!) and Asian Fried Green Beans.  The boys, of course, ate the potstickers before we could even try them.  The summer rolls were light and refreshing and the asian fried green beans had this great spice seasoning on the outside that just made them addicting. We also got an order of Roti Canai - Malaysian flat bread served with a side of spicy curry dipping sauce.  The bread was so warm and fresh and delicious.  The boys didn't love the sauce, but they kept stealing the bread from us. The birthday boy ordered the Pad Thai.  I had never had pad thai before - I have a weird feeling about peanuts in that form.  However, I tried it and it was really good.  Not sure if I would eat it all the time, but I really did like it. I went with the Hawkers' Tacos with chicken satay.  It was a great choice and now I want more.  The boys split and order of Chow Faan, traditional Chinese fried rice with shrimp, char siu, chicken, onions and eggs.  The rice was my favorite.  I kept stealing it from them.  Paybacks...right?! For dessert, for the birthday bow, we had a cinnamon roti, the roti flatbread with cinnamon cream cheese filling served with vanilla bean ice cream.  I don't know there they got the ice cream from, but it was the best I've had in awhile.  The whole dessert was light and a perfect end to a great meal. Check out Hawker's in Orlando and you won't be disappointed!
Big fan, love the concept. Order a variety of small plates and try some of everything. The menu has some hits and misses, but more hits. I liked all the stir fried noodle dihes. The flat bread that you dip in curry sauce was excellent also. So after my first visit I will know more of what to order next time
Great tapas sized portions available so you can sample and share.
I have been here 3 times, and each time was a great experience. Great place for friends to get togethers and have a casual & relaxing dinner.
First impressions: the environment is slightly classier than photos portray, and I was surprised to see that most of the staff and patrons were not Asian.   We were immediately greeted with "the host will be right with you."  Once we were seated, our lovely server Kelsey fully explained the menu after her knowing that this was our first visit.  Left side of the menu are smaller dishes, right side of the menu are larger dishes.  Beer, wine, and sake list available, offering decent choices (shout out to Sierra Nevada Porter- $5 and Dogfish Head Midas Touch- $8).  Superstars of the meal included:  Roti Canai ($3 for one; $4.50 for two), Crispy Roast Pork ($5), Coconut Curry Shrimp ($6), Durian Creme Brûlée (Thank you Jesus!) $8.00, and Creme Brûlée Trio $8.00 (milk tea, green tea, and chai tea- Midas Touch beer was lovely with all four creme brûlées).  Desserts are not listed on the menu, and if I hadn't already heard from a fellow yelper about the Durian dessert, I probably would have declined to hear the desserts.  Even if you don't have room for dessert, listen to the selection.   I can see where some folks may have had not-so-good service as there were two employees who appeared to not be in a good mood, however they were balanced out by Kelsey, the dude host, and the dude with the fabulous mustache.  All three were enthusiastic about the menu when we had questions and when we asked for their recommendations.  My ONLY complaint, which is not significant enough to take away a star, is the seating; the chairs aren't that comfy.  This is the kind of place in which as I was paying the tab, I was thinking about when in the next weekI could revisit.  Loved it!
Great food and attentive service. The laksa was well balanced and spicy.
simply delicious!!!
I ate here for lunch yesterday and the food and service were very good. I have tried a number of dishes here and liked most of them. The "sliders", which is actually a sandwich on crunchy french bread cut into thirds are very good. I have tried the duck before, and had the chicken this time, and both were yummy, with a nice slightly spicy sauce, a tangy mayo and pickled veggies. I had the five spice pork "choppets" as well and they were also tasty with a tiny bit of spicy relish on top, it really needed more of the relish. Previously I have tried their pad thai noodles, mei fun noodles, the cod fish, and several other dishes, and all were good to excellent. Their beer selection is also outstanding, although the young lady at the bar yesterday said they were getting ready to redo their selection. I suspect it will still be awesome, just different. I have just a few nits to pick with this place. For one thing their menu is geared entirely toward you having a party of at least three people. It is very difficult to get a variety of dishes for even two people, much less one, without spending more than you should have to. At the least they should throw a couple of combo plates, or create your own combos on the menu. This makes it hard to consider for a lone diner. Another thing, the descriptions of their menu items, to me at least, are misleading. For example, a sandwich, even cut into thirds, is still a sandwich, not "sliders". Another example, "five spice pork choppets": anyone familiar with Asian cuisine has likely been exposed to five spice powder, a common ingredient in Asian dishes, Wikipedia defines this (typically) as (star anise), cloves, cinnamon, huajiao (Sichuan pepper) and ground fennel seeds, it has a distinctive flavor profile. The "five spice pork choppets" may have five spices but nothing similar to the five spice seasoning I am familiar with. Not that the sweet, salt and cinnamon flavor is bad, it's just not what I think of when I see the term "five spice". Not to mention the term "pork choppet", which would lead me to believe some kind of a small pork chop, perhaps even with a bone attached. The pieces of pork are nothing like this, they are just small slices of pork, tender, but not a "choppet" by any stretch. There are other menu items that either don't list all the key elements of the dish or are also misleading. All I am saying is that roughly 50% of most subjective experiences is relative to our expectations. So it would behoove them to take a bit more care in the descriptions of their food. Lastly, most of the food here, as yummy as it is, does not travel well. We have had take out from here twice and it definitely lost something in translation. I don't see their menu readily available on line either, but that is probably just as well. Plus, you would miss the cool atmosphere and great beer selection . Oh, and if you have a fat rear end like me, some of the high top seats can be pretty painful. Finally, why does everyplace have to have TVs all over the place? Anyway, the great food and service makes up for the few minor shortcomings. So, grab a few of your skinny-ass friends, go when it is not too busy (it gets slammed on Friday and Saturday nights) and get some tasty Asian street fare.
It's alright.  To me, the whole menu is the appetizer sections of a Chinese, Vietnamese, Malay, and Thai restaurant.  The calimari was too skimpy and seemed more like a plate of fried breading.  Laksa was not bad but lacking a rich coconut flavor.  The hawkers concept is dubious just to sell slightly more expensive egg rolls or chicken wings with a "sweet thai chili" sauce.
This is hands down my favorite spot in Orlando. My girlfriend and I go every couple weeks, and usually go crazy ordering a ton of small plates. What's so funny is that I'll get cravings for different tastes at different times, and it's often something that I can only find on the Hawkers menu. I won't list my favorite plates, because I have so many. Just writing this makes me want to go! If you haven't checked it out yet, you're missing one of the best around. Go now.
4.5 stars for Hawkers. You might be a little confused entering this place. It looks like it was decorated by the same team that designed Chipotle. The only real difference was the high-tops and the photos of street hawkers on the walls. Avoid the high-tops if you want to sit comfortably. We were seated at one originally and had to ask to move to a regular table. The bench seats are short and you feel like you're going to fall off. The stool seats have a weird 1/4 height back to them and aren't much more comfortable than the benches. Since the concept seems to really be focused on sharing food with a group, it seems odd that there are no large tables. The space isn't particularly big and even if you joined a few tables, it seems like they'd run out of space quick trying to accommodate a large party. But let's get to the food. This is street food, served on plates and meant to be shared. Prices for items range from about $3-9 dollars, but most of the items are large enough for at least two people to get some. The menu is large and varied - including lots of items which are pescetarian and vegetarian friendly.   They've also got a huge beer list including 90 brews. I assume they're all bottled, but I didn't ask. Strangely, there were no non-alcoholic drinks listed on any of the menus. For our visit, we tried the veggie skewers, chilled & marinated tofu, papaya salad, duck tacos and pork banh mi. The tofu was the only real disappointment, being largely tasteless. The pork in the banh mi was moist and flavorful, but there was just too much bread - soaking up and drying out the sandwich. The tofu on the veggie skewers was breaded, but despite our fears, was not at all greasy or oily. The salad had a delicious and light dressing that paired perfectly with it. The duck tacos were excellent. The only real disappointment here was the service. Everyone was friendly - but it was really slow. The food came out at a reasonable pace - it was purely the service staff. There were two servers and one person helping bus tables. They were constantly running around, but it felt like not much was actually getting done. Glasses of water were sitting empty for long stretches. From our seats, I could see two two employees standing behind the bar just chatting. We loved the concept and loved the food - we just hope they polish their service up a bit before we come back.
Just have to say that there is something for everyone, and everything is great (including the service - their staff really do care about the longevity of the business and the guests' experiences).
Good lord this place is good! I wanted to eat everything on the menu! The roti canai flatbread is not to be missed. The mash potatoes with curry were my favorite part of the meal, a small plate I encourage everyone try. Incredible spring rolls! The chicken dumplings were also impressive with just a hint of sweetness. We ordered the Malaysian chicken satay, which were good but could be skipped. We also ordered the satay tacos, which in contrast to just the kabobs, were outrageously good. We had to try at least one noodle dish, the pad thai, which was hearty, delicious, and one of the best I've had. Our server was attentive and gave personal recommendations from the menu that did not disappoint! Highly recommend this place!
I just had lunch at Hawkers. The customer service was great and the atmosphere was a lot different than your typical Mills Avenue Asian Restaurant (which is a good thing). They really give the diner the opportunity to taste multiple dishes due to their tapas sized portions and very affordable menu. Don't let the word affordable scare you into thinking they skimp on their quality or flavor. Everything I tried was very fresh and delicious! Their menu isn't overwhelming, yet you have quite afew flavors to choose from. I recommend the pad thai. Perfect flavor and a good amount of spice. We need more restaurants like Hawkers in Orlando!
Good food and service (very fast) and cheap. Perfect for the traveling business person to pick up some great noodle dishes and a craft beer. I was in and out withing 40 minutes including my ten minute wait to sit.
I have been wanting to come here ever since they opened and my wife and I finally made it. It is a little smaller than I expected, but I enjoyed the layout and decor. The menu is quite extensive and I really like the fact that is is served Tapas style, in small portions so you can enjoy several things, which is a must here! Some dishes were definitely better than others, the 5-Spice Calamari was very dry and the pieces were very tiny. My wife had the Laksa, very good and similar to Laksa I have had in Asia. The Edamame was extremely good, it had salt and sesame oil on it, fantastic! Pad Thai Noodles were good, as were the Vietnamese Summer Rolls, although for good Vietnamese food, there are better choices nearby- but I am here because of the variety! I plan to come back to try some of the other choices. The Summer Rolls were free because I checked in on Yelp! Thanks, Yelp! They have an extensive beer and wine list. Service was a little slow, as it was busy, but very friendly and helpful staff. All in all, this is a great place for lunch or a relaxed dinner, I wouldn't make a romantic date of it here, but it is a great place for a group of friends as well.
Great food! Love the tapas portions. Service is great. Will definately visit hawkers again sometime soon!
Can't wait to go back!  I promised my boyfriend I'd mention the AMAZING BEER SELECTION.  If nothing else, go to support thier desire to offer interesting/different beer selections.  KUDOS to them for that.  Atmosphere is great.  Service was friendly, efficient and informative.  The menu has a great variety.  Everything comes in "tapas" or appetizer size portions.  Prices range from 4 to 8 dollars per plate.  Beef, chicken, shrimp, tofu, pork.... they have most of the protiens covered.  The potstickers are handmade and you can tell.  They have a great flavor and don't taste overprocessed.  Chicken wings were fresh, or appeared to be - the bones weren't black and gross - which is a sign of a pre-frozen product.  They were cooked perfectly, and came to the table piping hot.  Would have preferred for the kitchen to toss the wings in the sauce I ordered instead of dipping them myself.... they just don't get coated in the sauce easily.  The 5 spice calimari was a little salty, but the 5 spice flavor was nice.  The tacos were great.  The sliders were great - but needed a bigger portion of protein (we got the bbq pork) and should have been 4 pieces instead of just 3.  The roti were YUMMY!  Highly suggest them when you go.   The server talked to us a little and said they were still in a soft opening phase.  She said they haven't landed on the final menu (although the printed menus looked pretty final to me) and were working on dessert options (currently none were available).  They are still working out a few kinks I think.  I wish they would re-think the tables/chairs.  They had quite a few high top tables, which we sat at - but the chairs didn't have any backs on them!  I'm a short, chubby guy... I needed something to lean up against and I hate when my feet dangle!  I know you are going for a different kind of look/feel.... but please - for us short people - get some more regular height tables.   Thanks for bringing this offering to Orlando.  I look forward to coming back after your "official" opening.
I came here with a pretty large group, around 8 or 9 people. Overall I'd say the food was okay but I wasn't crazy about anything in particular. typically I have a bias against asian "fusion" or Inspired" foods. they're usually not as good as the inspiration. I really wanted to try the ramen burgers but it was a trial basis so they'd taken them off the menu when I got there. we ordered close to 12 dishes and not one thing really impressed me. I did like how you can get a free order of spring rolls for checking in. I had the beef skewers bulgogi flavored. it came with a side of old kimchi. The beef was incredibly chewy and not in a good way. I also got an order of curry with tofu. This was okay, but it doesn't come with rice. you need to order rice on the side, which doesn't make any sense to me. The fried rice dishes were probably my favorite. They had the most taste. The noodle dishes were good too, like the pad thai and the mee goreng, I'd probably go for these if I went back. I'd probably pass on the wings. They tasted burnt and doesn't come tossed in the sauce, the sauce comes on the side. Overall it was ok, but a tad bit overrated.
Finally I got to check this place out for some weekend brunch nomming and it very much lived up to the hype. Honestly, they had me at "gastropub," with the fact that it's Asian-inspired and thus not a direct Ravenous Pig knockoff being an additional point in its favor. First and foremost, it's beer and wine only - which is fine, because they've got a great beer list. Tiger is my fave but there's a lot to explore on here! Our server was not familiar with most of them, so I might ask for recs at the bar next time. Most of the plates are tapas sized with some larger noodle and soup dishes also available. We opted to go with tapas and started out with the roti canai raved about by so many on here. Definitely order the extra roti to go with the curry dipping sauce, which is SO flavorful and good. Next up were the steamed dumplings, warm pockets of pork-filled goodness, and the hot iron mussels, off the Hawkers' Originals section of the menu, which were seasoned with garlic and fresh basil - I'd recommend these too. Our final item to arrive was our order of ten wings: half Szechuan, half thai chili. You can choose to get your wings 'naked' or breaded and with sauce either on top or on the side. Both sauces we chose were billed as 'hot' but the Szechuan definitely was not. It tasted more like a BBQ sauce. The thai chili was more on point. We were glad we got the sauce on the side bc we mostly stuck with that one. I'd probably order the wings again, but would order a few diff sauces in search of something hotter. Overall, it was a really good value, I think - the check was around $30 before tip. Will definitely be back to try the prawn mee, roast duck and summer rolls, all of which I was eyeing on the table next to me on this trip...
Can I give this place SIX stars?! Fabulous in all ways. The atmosphere is upbeat and contemporary, service is fantastic, and the food is beyond compare. You need to eat here!
I don't know how I haven't reviewed Hawkers yet... it is one of my favorite spots in Orlando. I have yet to have a bad experience. The menu has a wide variety of Asian deliciousness. I have tried a ton of dishes, but lately have been stuck on the Kim Chi Fried Rice. Holy bulgogi beef that's good! Sometimes when I am feeling extra gluttonous I will order extra bulgogi. It's that good! You cannot pass up the Roti Canai, a flaky flatbread that you dip in a spicy yummy curry sauce. Yes, I am drooling while writing this. Anything with 5 spice is awesome- the wings, calamari, even tofu. Past obsessions have also included the Stir Fry Udon, the Bahm Mi Sliders, and the Lettuce Wraps. Really, you can't order wrong here. It is impossible! I don't usually have room for dessert, but the Three Teas Creme Brulees are a nice lighter treat to share. If you have room. I am usually too stuffed with bulgogi at this point.   The servers are super friendly and knowledgeable, and will help guide you if you are unsure what to order. They recommend ordering a couple small plates at a time, and I will have to agree. You just have to try everything! They also has a generous beer menu, which is a great way to wash down some of the spicy deliciousness. Be warned, they do not accept reservations for larger parties, and dinner gets pretty crowded, so be prepared to wait it out. That's when the beer menu comes in handy!
I thought the food here was very good despite seeing a kitchen full of Americans cooking Asian food. The ambiance was nice and I love the tapas style dining. Everything we had was good; basil fried rice, roti canai, bok choy with oyster sauce, roast duck, and the banh mi sliders. I'll be back to try a few other items for sure.
I've been to Hawkers more than a handful of time and its always on top of my list of place to go to enjoy good food with good friends.  I love the tapas (small plate) idea.  This past week when I went I felt that the food was sub bar.  Everything that came out was either very greasy or cold.  Plus the service was not the best either.  Our server took forever to come back to get our second order, it was really annoying because I took people there for the first time and I spoke highly of the place.  I would really question going again after that experience.
Really good sharing portions. Great flavor. I like the roti canai the best. Oh and Leo is awesome!
My new love. I want to go every week and sit at the bar, drink my beer and try new things on the menu. Yum yum yum. It's a great atmosphere with a great staff and a fabulous menu with good prices. It's tapas style and I love that because it's easier to try everything on the menu. We had the green bean with pickled veggies which were delicious. I love pot stickers so I got me some pan seared and they were perfect. Then I had the Char Kway Teo which is wild rice noodles stir fried with shrimp, chicken breast & shallots. Seriously full of flavor and totally worth the $6. The portions are perfect for trying multiple things with your friends and everyone is willing to point you in the right direction of the best fit for you. I can't wait to go back and try more. It's a MUST try in Orlando.
Incredible service.... I never had to wait for anything. The minute you order you know you are taken care of. The servers help each other and food is prompt. Look, if you want some fusion check this place out O and the TOFU is crazy good! I should do a tofu blog for the city of Orlando... I'm that serious about my tofu and this place has it down.... Thanks guys at sips for letting me know about this awesome restaurant! WILL BE BACK SOON!
I've been there on numerous occasions.  Each time the place was filthy.  Dirty, greasy dishes.  Live germs just waiting to make someone ill. Will not return.
What a great idea; tapas style Asian street fare. I tried a few different things. I loved the bolgogi marinated grilled beef skewers. The roti canai (Malaysian flatbread served with signature spicy curry dipping sauce) is great to start with. The dessert roti is delicious too. The prices are very reasonable, around $6 per dish. The noodle dishes are a good size and, you could be full just from one of those if you are not that hungry. We had a wonderful and very attentive server as well. A great place to meet friends and enjoy different dishes. I want to go back and try more!
I am a huge fan of Hawkers. I've heard a lot about it and when I finally was able to go it was such a great meal. I love that its tapas style so you can share with everyone. Between my friend and I we got 6 plates. He's from Hong Kong and was living here in Orlando for a few months and wasn't able to find good chinese food. The one item he raved about was the Pork Belly dish. This was my first time trying it and it was so good. I've only been during lunch time on weekdays so I can't say how the crowd is in the evening but weekday lunch time isn't too crowded.
Cool setting like the street food angle in a place your not afraid to eat street food!
Sorry...but this restaurant is not for people who experience and enjoy different cuisines.  This restaurant is great for folks who are beginning to try different cuisines. Decor: 5 Stars. The decor is clever and modern. Service: 4 Stars. Food: 2 Stars. My husband's "Tum Yum" was absolutely delicious. My 5 small plates were miserable...completely bland...not even a hint of basic seasoning. My husband confirmed that my small plates were unremarkable. Two of the the small plates I ordered were: 1. Green Bean with Pickled Vegetables: This plate was supposed to be flavored with a "spicy Szechuan" sauce. It wasn't. I have 2 jars of Szechuan sauces and a bag of Szechuan pepper which I using for cooking, i.e. I know Szechuan flavoring. There was absolutely no hint of Szechuan. There wasn't even any salt to enhance the flavor. Completely bland. The pickled vegetables just had a "hint" of pickling. 2. South Sea Curry: I ordered this hot. It came out bland and lifeless. C'mon Chef !!! You're only a few blocks from Dong-A Supermarket...one of the best oriental grocery stores in Orlando !!! I know for a fact that Dong-A Supermarket sells mild, medium, and hot curry flavorings, because I've bought hot curry paste from that grocery earlier this year. If you can way "yes" to any of these questions, do not come: 1. Tell/describe the difference between Cantonese and szechuan cuisines 2. Able to eat real Thai-hot or Szechuan-hot cuisines 3. Enjoy going to and purchasing from ethnic groceries 4. Know how to cook true oriental food 5. Have eaten and enjoyed Italian antipasti 6. Have eaten and enjoyed Spanish tapas 7. Have eaten and enjoyed Dim-Sum 8. Enjoyed eating/drinking in a Yakitori Perhaps, this will be a better restaurant in a few years.
Family visited Orlando 3 weeks ago and I'm always looking for good M'sian food in Florida. Decided to try based on great yelp reviews. Wasn't expecting the restaurant to look so nice - since hawker fare usually means street fare back in M'sia.   What can I say, it was really good. Not 100% Penang street fare, but close enough. It was good enough for us to go back again within the week that we were in Orlando. But definitely worth the drive! The food was really good. Since the portion size was good (not a great heaping serving) and prices are very reasonable, we were able to try a good many dishes. We tried the following: Char Koay Teow (was good, but could have been better if it was spicy!) Wanton Noodles - definitely a keeper, and authentic taste, great wantons! Curry Laksa Noodles - thumbs up and authentic Cantonese Ginger Chicken - was ok.  Thinly sliced chicken, topped with minced ginger and spring onions. Steamed. It was good, but if you aren't used to slimy-ish food, then you might not like this dish as much. Malaysian Prawn Mee/Noodles - quite good. Not 100% Penang standard but close enough! Chicken Curry - the curry is good! Would definitely recommend this anytime! Roti Canai - guaranteed you are not going to be satisfied with just one, so just go ahead and order 3 more before the curry gets cold. :) Service was excellent. Kid friendly. Would definitely recommend going for some good Malaysian food. Best I've found so far this far in Florida. If we lived in Orlando, this would definitely be a weekly stop for us!! Love it that much!
First let me say I waited waaaaay too long before trying Hawkers.  Shame on me.  But that's ok because I'm making up for it now.  Asian food is my favorite cuisine and the ability Hawkers gives me to eat so many dishes in one visit makes me very happy. I haven't had one thing I didn't like.  The soups are my favorite, a must have with every meal.  The roti is delicious - the dinner and the dessert version.  I'm also a huge fan of the kimchi fried rice and the bahn mi along with anything that has noodles involved. I could sit here all day and name everything I've eaten and how much I enjoyed it but that's not necessary.  If you're pondering on whether to dine here just do it! You will not be disappointed.  The prices are really amazing, shocking even.  This is a great place to go with a group of people - we keep bringing our families and they absolutely love it.   One last thing, make sure you try the creme brulee at the end.  Perfection.
Amazing! Roti Canai - Hands down so good! My new favorite! Customer service goes above and beyond!
I've been looking for an legit laksa since I tried the real deal in Singapore. I never thought I'd find it in Orlando of all places, but Hawkers delivers. Savory, spicy, perfect. This is my new favorite place.
Delicious wings. Good curry. Nice and clean compared to "other" asian restaurants in the area. Less greasy too.
Food is decent. Atmosphere is nice. Not totally authentic Asian food.
Oh my god I love this place!! Upon returning to Hawkers we found a large 16 top of people had just sat down as we were walking in and a few other tables as well. We waited about ten minutes to get a server due to the confusion over who would be our server apparently. I could see that the hostess alerted another server(that I thought was a cook there) and he came directly to us and gave us the absolute best service anyone could possibly get. He was also very informative about all of our selections and the extensive beer menu(which we LOVE by the way) and an all around very pleasant person. We ordered the roti again(OF COURSE!), summer and spring rolls which we loved AGAIN and we also ordered Coconut Curry Shrimp, Roast Duck Noodle Soup, and the Kimchi Fried Rice....HOLY CRAP, they were amazing! I mean if you know good food and their perfect balance of flavors, how could you not absolutely love this place?! The Roast Duck Noodle Soup was superb. The broth was almost as clear as water, very much like a consumme...and like a good consumme, packed with flavor while being very delicate at the same time. Amanda is not the biggest duck fan and even she agreed that it was very good but she was ecstatic over the Kimchi Fried Rice(as was I) and the Coconut Curry Shrimp served with that same perfect curry dipping sauce (as the roti bread) was awesome! I gotta tell ya, this place is "something else" that EVERYONE should get involved with. Between the rediculous good food and the amazing service we got today, this is our absolute favorite neighborhood place to eat!! Oh my god, I almost forgot the delicious dessert, a trio of creme brulee(milk, thai, and green tea) were so decadent yet not overly rich, or too thick. It was perfect! LISTEN!! Get yourself, your family, your friends, and anyone you meet on the street over to Hawkers(almost directly across from Wills Pub) on Mills Avenue...you can thank me later.lol by the way...you can add the 5 stars above to the 5 stars I gave the first time:-)
Hawkers is really good, affordable food. It can be compared to a place like Cafe Tu Tu Tango, but Asian. They have a lot of different dishes, but very small portions. You may want to order 3 or 4 different things in order to be filled. The food is quick and the wait isn't too bad. I've only had one bad experience here. It was when we had group of 15 people. I called in advance to make a reservation and i was told that "we don't do reservations". The person on the phone told me to call 2 hours before arriving to make sure that they were ready for us. I did so. When we arrived, we waited a total of 2 hours until we were seated. They tried to sit us outside, after telling them on the phone that we preferred inside seating. No one wants to sit outside in Florida during the middle of summer. Everyone knows the humidity is overwhelming. This was supposed to be a birthday dinner starting around 6:30pm and we didn't start eating until 9pm. Other than that isolated incident, Hawkers has never steered me wrong and I've been eating here since it first opened. Great atmosphere, affordable drinks, great food.
Let's face it. If you visit Orlando as a tourist, right off the bat you are bombarded by iffy establishments, chain restaurants and 4.99 buffets. It's a business. They are in charge of microwaving warm slop, chucking it down your gullet and move on to the next party of 9 with 7 mickey-ear wearing children. My wife and I said enough! And we Yelped it out. We  were instantly curious about Hawkers. Now, I thought this was gonna be a food hawker center with various stalls a la Singapore, doesn't that sound exciting? But no. It's just a restaurant inspired by  hawkers around Asia. It's located around Viet-town, but the crowd here? Dunder Miffliners for sure. There must be a bunch of corporate offices in the immediate area. Fine. We accepted it, now let's get to parking. There's about 3 spots, and of course 0 out of 3 were available. We had to be patient. When we finally stalked a spot for about 15 minutes we stood there at the front a fairly packed house, with a couple of tables available. Nobody greeted us for about 20 minutes and there were other parties waiting for a table too. They were kind of upset as well. Eek. Not looking good Hawkers. We sat down eventually and ordered several plates as this is a Tapas oriented joint. As my main dish I had a volcanic-like Curry Laksa. It was delicious. My wife had some noodles and we shared a couple of small plates that were very good. I must say, the food tasted fantastic, but it was definitely watered down by the experience. Sorry Hawkers, I think you're just A-OK.
Very cool place.  I went with a Malaysian and let him order. Roti canai was a little doughy (underdone) but killer curry dipping sauce with it.  MUST HAVE is the crispy pork belly. Duck dishes and noodles were also excellent.  The place was packed when we arrived (7:30 on a Wednesday night) but we were offered a table before we had downed our reasonably priced craft beers.  We opted to stay at the bar with the friendly and chatty barmaids.  Crowd was mostly hipsters (and lots of attractive 20-something young ladies.) For such an exotic place, all the staff are home-grown Americans, so if you are the type intimidated by non-fluent-in-English waitstaff in ethnic restaurants, worry not.  Plenty of free (and good) advice on foods.  We walked out stuffed for 26 bucks.  In general, Orlando has lots of cheap places to eat, but none that I found were close to this kind of experience (be sure and share your plates, and try lots of things.) it was an experience and not just a meal. Would absolutely return.
Do not go here if you've acquired traditional asian cuisines. I am a Vietnamese-American and was ecstatic to dine here according to the reviews. As soon as we were seated, the service was bad. Almost all of the appetizers came out without any utensils and plates. All of the Vietnamese dishes we ordered didn't taste anywhere remotely close to our traditional tastes. None of my company enjoyed the dishes. Out of all of the dishes we ordered, the pad thai was the best one out of it all, but it wasn't great. It seems that all of these dishes are heavily Americanized. I would not come back here again.
I went about 6 month ago and it had great food and friendly service.  It is somewhat of a drive so I haven't been back.  It's a strong recommend if you are in the area but I probably wouldn't make a special trip just for Hawkers.
Great place for lunch.  It's possible to eat really cheap here, but I usually get into the "tapas" mentality, and order a bunch of different stuff, and split it all with friends.  It's usually crowded, but the staff is good at getting your food to you pretty promptly.  I'm a big fan of the green papaya salad; very light and refreshing.  I loved the Korean beef skewers and was compelled to try the kimchee (sp?)...Not something I'll want again, but definitely an experience. Have been there 5-6 times and have never been disappointed.
Was just okay, food was sort of oily. We decided not to return just because it wasn't that great and our waitress was rushing us out as soon as we sat down. She even told us she had somewhere else to be LOL
Great concept. Tapas done Asian-style, and done well. Feel free to share but don't feel obligated if what you order is especially delicious. The tofu is seasoned, well, a lot, and it's a bit salty but for some reason I couldn't help but scarf it down. Maybe it's because I'm an American and salty food is like our Kryptonite. The rice was perfectly cooked, nice and fluffy. And the veggie spring rolls with a Vietnamese vinaigrette is a nice, unique touch--though with so many other Viet joints closeby, it's a crowded spring roll marketplace. Our server, whose name escapes me, was very knowledgeable, polite and helpful. My date asked a lot of questions and he answered each one without even a hint of contempt, which I know can be tough for some service industry employees to pull off. Kudos. I'll be back for sure.
A nice new concept bringing Asian Street Fare dishes TAPAS style. But it was poorly executed. Service could use some refining, but i will give it a benefit of a doubt since the place is still new. We informed the server we would all share all the dishes, we expected at least some empty plates for us to use. They did not have some of the items in the menu (Lettuce Wraps). The food wasn't up to par, they did not seem to use fresh ingredients. The Chow Fun noodles tasted like it was pre-package dried up noodles, the dumplings tasted like pre-made frozen. I give it an OK since the Roti Canai was decent, but wished it had more of the bread for the price. The decor was very nice, although dark. A lot of their decor is custom made, like their tables with clips of Asian newspapers and then varnished on top. High ceilings and nice flat panel TV's.
Thanks to @kokocooks, @tytyeats, and @Joeyme1 for the invite on lunch today. I love any sort of quality time with them. Great people to be around. I have always heard about Hawkers, but thought it was a place that sold wings and beer. Man, was I wrong. This is Asian Street Fare. They had me at "Street". I arrived super early to check out the parking scene. Surprisingly, they have a parking lot. I assumed everything on Mills didn't. Love Orlando and its surprises. I had read all the reviews and it seemed half and half. At least with the people that I know or trust with reviews. But as you know I had to try it for myself. I love seeing 15 blog posts and reviews about it because it makes it easier on me. Enjoy the other blog posts and reviews! Here are my thoughts. Thai Iced Tea. This is a must every place I go. 2 Spring Rolls Crispy spring rolls filled with shredded vegetables and served with Vietnamese vinaigrette. 6 Curry Hawker Meatballs Asian beef meatballs skewered then covered in curry sauce. Spicy. Oh yeah!! I couldn't get enough of their curry sauce. I literally poured it on everything. Roti Canai Malaysian flat breads served with a side of signature spicy curry dipping sauce. Spicy. Not sure why they say spicy. It wasn't for me. It may be spicy for others. 5 Spice Your choice of protein lightly battered and fried to a golden crisp then tossed in signature five spice seasoning. Today I chose Fish. @Joeyme1 had talked about the fish tacos so it prompted me to get fish for this dish. Very yum! Hawker's Delight Tofu, broccoli, napa, carrots, bell peppers mushrooms piled high and stir fried in a light soy based sauce. Vegetarian. This was @Joeyme1 dish. I couldn't taste it. Too many vegetables and way too healthy for me. : ) Ramen Burger Freshly ground beef, Kalbi sauce marinade, Dried Ramen noodles, House-made kimchi,Cilantro sprigs, and Scallions. @Kokocooks follows Hawkers on Facebook and knew about the burger. It was great. I took a bite and loved it. Banh Mi Slider with Bulgogi Beef. They didn't have the roasted duck which I really wanted to try. Kind of sad they didn't have it. @Joeyme1 suggested the Banh Mi and I went for it. Great taste. The Bulgogi makes it ten times better. This place is nice. Very nice. I was impressed with the restaurant. Very clean. Well lit. A bit noisy at times. The best way to experience these Asian tapas are with a group of friends and sharing a bit of everything. Two thumbs up!! I will be back here again!! Again, thank you so much to @kokocooks and @Joeyme1. If it wasn't for them I wouldn't have most of my experiences. You two rock!!
Thanks to Hawkers, I now have a special place in my heart for fat. Yes, fat! For all of my life, I've been really picky about eating meat, especially suspicious meat. For example, only in the past year have I managed to develop a love for different types of sausage. But there's still something in my westerner soul that frowns at bones, gristle and fat. This girl can hardly eat a chicken wing. Well I think I've conquered my fear for the most part. It's not that Hawker's pork siu yoke was crazy-fatty, it was especially meaty and delicious. But there was definitely some fat seeing as how these cuts of meat are actually pork belly. Out of all of the amazing dishes we tried tonight at Hawker's, the pork siu yoke ended up being my favorite. I will now be devoted to trying just about anything containing fat from now on. Bring it on. :) Other than that, my husband loved the stir fry udon, and my curry laksa soup was spicy and delicious. We also had the bulgogi skewers which were served with kimchi. The pan fried potstickers and five spice pork chopettes were all on point, and all amazing. I am not sure how this place came about, but Orlando truly needed it. We'll definitely be back at least once a month. Also Eric, our server, was truly awesome and talked to us, genuinely, about the different dishes despite how busy it was for a Saturday night. Plus the beer selection has a lot of winners, Rogue Hazelnut Brown Nectar - hello. :)
lots of good dishes here. service was quick. I liked the hong kong crispy noodles, roti cani, and duck wrapped in lettuce. prices were reasonable too.
So I finally made it to the "other" Hawkers.  My first encounter was in Jacksonville store where Tim and his crew have knocked some new life into the 5 Point area dining scene. Now in "O" Town for a few days I just had to see if the Daddy was as good as the off spring.  No problem there ;100% same fine food, great wait staff ( thank you Erik and Marineth) and the food.  Well I have already waxed poetic about the J'ville store and this is just as good.  When I am home I carry a to-go menu in my car and check off the dishes I have already sampled.  But here I went back to my favorites. Roti with curry, roast duck. Duck taco, Coconut Curry Shrimp.  Today the new item was the Mee Goreng noodles and the Cantonese cod.  I may have to give them another try when I get home to make sure they are as good as I thought. LOL The highlight for me.  On my first visit at home I wanted the Durian fruit and let the wait person talk me out of it.  Well if you saw the face he made and then told me my breath would be like bat death for days.  Hell.  But today I specifically ask and they were more than happy to fulfill my wish (no faces or bad breath warnings).  It was one of the most delightful flavor/textures I have experienced in a while.   I have to note this is an older building that was another restaurant but due to the two story, and large windows it appears very roomy and because it did not seat as many the noise level was just right to allow for table conversation.  I love investigating restaurant bathrooms,  this one was just plain but clean and shiny.   The J'vill bathroom is roomy and modern with great sinks and accessories.
This is an excellent place if you want a variety of Asian food, but not order too much!  I really like the concept of "Asian tapas", similar to dim sum. My favorite dishes include the following: roti canai, BBQ char siu pork banh mi sliders, five spice calamari, duck tacos, bulgogi beef lettuce wraps, char kway teo (Malaysian noodles), etc. I have been here a couple of times prior to this review and I just really enjoy the fun atmosphere and good eats!
We'd read a review about this restaurant in Orlando Weekly, and being big tapas fans, we decided to make the long trek out to Mills Avenue.  Hawkers did not disappoint!  The interior reminded us strongly of Chipotle's interior, with lots of corrugated iron.Our waitress was very friendly, making a beer suggestion to my husband (they offer 90 different beers by the bottle, mostly ranging in price from $4 to $7) and giving us ample time to look over the menu.  We decided to each select a dish to share, then each have one dish for ourselves, since I do not eat meat, and my husband had decided in advance to try the roast duck banh mi sliders. Our first dish was the Asian fried green beans, lightly battered and tossed in five spice seasoning for $4.50. This was delicious!  We ate them in about 30 seconds flat.  The beans were a bit oily, but in a good, street-food type of way, and the five spice seasoning lent an exotic flavor to the beans. Next came the South Asia shrimp curry for $6.50.  We really, really liked this dish.  The coconut milk was a nice touch, and the shrimp were large and very flavorful.  We ordered a side of white rice for $1 to eat the curry over, and I was somewhat challenged to eat this with chopsticks, but I managed. In addition to the white rice, I had also ordered a piece of roti canai, thinking that I would sop up the shrimp curry with this. The roti was outstanding, buttery and flaky, and I could have eaten seven more of these!  The menu mentioned that it would be served with the "signature spicy curry dipping sauce," so I was astounded to find that this dipping sauce had chunks of chicken in it!  I didn't eat the chicken chunks, but, since I don't eat meat, I would have asked them to hold the dipping sauce if I'd realized what it contained.  My only complaint about the restaurant is that I wish they had marked the menu to identify vegetarian dishes, which would have made it a lot easier to navigate.  Currently, the menu has symbols for spicy dishes and for "Hawkers Signature Dishes," a symbol that I always find to be singularly useless.  Why tell me what your signature dish is?  What does that even mean, in practical terms?  Why not have a special section called "Hawkers Signature Dishes," instead of "Hawkers Originals?"  The inclusion of both, without identifications that might have actually helped diners order, is a pet peeve of mine, not just on Hawkers' menu, but on menus at other restaurants, as well. My next dish was the $6 Hawkers fish tacos, one of the Hawkers Originals, and it was the weakest of all the dishes we tried.  The five spice fish inside the tacos were woefully under-salted, and the shredded cabbage was dried up and didn't seem to be fresh. My husband's next dish was also a Hawkers Original selection, the aforementioned Banh Mi sliders with roast duck for $6. He thought they were a touch heavy on the bread, but that was to be expected with a thick baguette. The duck was flavorful, though not very tender, and he liked the light mayonnaise dressing, without which he felt the duck would have been a bit dry.  The cucumbers in this dish were reportedly "great," and complemented the duck nicely.  The bread was not chewy, and tasted fresh. The total for roti, curry, green beans, tacos, rice, banh mi sliders, a Coke, and a Southern Tier IPA was $36.22 after tax and before tip.  We left the restaurant STUFFED, and definitely felt that we could have ordered probably one fewer dish than we did, though we had wanted to try multiple items. If you're interested in photos, I've got them uploaded on our dining blog, hpandaw.wordpress.com Cheers! Heather W
My boyfriend and I had our first dinner here last night. We had our first Malaysian food, and we really enjoyed. We will be coming back again
Decided to try this place after reading such great reviews. It was one of those nights when my husband had dinner left overs he wanted to eat and I wanted something "different". Had a taste for Asian so Hawkers Asian Fare won!   Verdict is in...DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great place, but I think they are still working out the kinks.
Got to try this place at the Orlando Food & Wine Festival this year and it was good.  Their Stir Fry Udon was really good and had tons of flavor.  The Chicken Satay was OK but the sauce was amazing and had a nice kick to it, the chicken was kind of dry and could tell it had been sitting for a while.  Overall would definitely go back and try some more things.
Mine and my family's favorite! Love how they have tapas so we can all taste everything :)
Great food, neat concept - been back twice in a month and ready for more! Don't pass it up... oh, anything with Five Spice, awesome!!
Great food, just a bit pricey to get full. Absolutely crave-worthy food, though!!
Hawkers Asian Street Fare is one of my favorite spots in the Mills/Viet town area. I would describe their grub as Asian/fusion/tapas. They have a great selection of affordable priced menu options that are all prepared fresh and delicious. The service is friendly and fast and I am NEVER disappointed when I dine here. Ask the servers for recommendations and popular items.
I was born and raised in Singapore and have ived in Orlando for 17 years. Finally a restaurant that serves Hawker food from home! The food is tasty and service is friendly. I'm really glad to have found this place. :) The laksa, prawn noodles and roti canai are all delicious. Can't wait to taste the hokkien mee next.
This place is GREAT! Closest thing to Dim Sum that i have found in Orlando. Great Happy Hour! Take a chance and go hit up this Chinese joint.
I am happy to have found this place where I can satisfy my Malaysian food craving. I'm a true born Malaysian and I'm glad to see that this unique cuisine is becoming more popular. Hawkers does Fusion Asian cuisine but the focus is on Malaysian-Singaporean street food. The chef is Malaysian and I can attest to the authenticity of the flavors of the food here. The roti canai is light, buttery and flaky, just like how they did it back home and the accompanying curry was delicious. Only complain was the price - it was much more expensive compared to what street food cost back home, but then again, I understand the principle behind supply and demand and export values. I've been back here twice and both times, we have left feeling pretty pleased with the quality of the food as well as the service. I totally came in thinking I'm not going to like the over-stylized Chipotle vibe and the small plates concept but turns out the small plates allow me to eat more of different familiar food from home! I took guests here who have never had Malaysian food and they enjoyed every single bite of it and couldn't get enough of the roti. The char keow tiao was good the first time, but on my second trip, the seasoning was off and it was much too peppery. But it still had that smoky wok-charred flavor which is a unique characteristic of char keow tiao - and hard to achieve. We've tried many of their dishes and almost all of them were delicious - such as the summer rolls, prawn noodle, roast duck, roast pork, lettuce wraps, and the south asian fish curry was particularly good. I hope this place stays in business so I can get my fix since it's about the only Malaysian restaurant in North Florida!
And I thought there is no good Asian restaurant in Orlando; I was wrong. The food are not Americanized. Roti canai was good and so were their noodles; however, their stir fry noodles were a bit too oily!
Superb place to eat. Small plates at reasonable prices that encouraged family-style dining. I was there with my grandparents, parents, wife, and kids. All four generations found something to eat. The roti, luxa, duck noodles, and potstickers are all safe bets.wine and craft beer list were nice surprises as well. Great hip vibe inside the joint, and the service was on point. A must repeat.
In central Florida, this is by far the best experience I've ever had! They delivered brilliantly in every aspect: from the concept to the execution- it was refreshing and flawless. I visited with 3 of my friends and the place was packed when we walked in. We were seated and quickly placed our first order of Roti Canai, by recommendation, its pretty much comparable to heaven melting in your mouth! Following that, we tried the Malaysian Prawn Mee, Five Spice Fish Tacos, Beef Haw Fun, South Asian Chicken Curry, and Green Papaya Salad. Every single thing we tried was unbelievable and bursting with flavor! As well, they had an amazing beer selection! After talking with the waitress, I found out that this place just opened 3 months ago! AMAZING. I can't wait to return- 2 thumbs way up!
I liked this place.  We tried a lot of different things.  You can't go wrong with any of it and the Yelp 'check in' actually worked; we got free rolls.
Took me a while to finally try Hawkers, and I'm so glad I did. Friendly service, good food, lots of variety, and all for a decent price. This visit was actually my first tapas experience as well. Tried about 5 different plates and enjoyed all of them. Also had sake and beer with my meal. Would recommend to anyone interested in trying the place out.
This place is hands down my favorite restaurant in Orlando. I have tried pretty much every vegetarian option on the menu (of which there are gloriously many!) and have fallen in love with each one. I actually got down on one knee and proposed to the roti canai last week. Go on Wednesdays and you can bring your own bottle if wine and they will cork it for you at no charge!
Extremely affordable, good beer selection, never too crazy busy, this place is excellent. I could eat the roti canai for every meal, and the fried green beans are surprisingly delicious. The bulgogi beef is spot on... this place hits on all cylinders and there is no way that a table for two is going to pay more than 50 dollars.
This was a fun place for a dinner for 2.  Although,  I can't imagine having a large group of people, as you're sharing small plates.  If you don't want to share, each item usually is enough for one. The curry was stellar; as was everything else we tried that night!  Service was a bit off; but haven't been back to see if it got any better.  Nice ambiance and noise level was low enough that we could have a good conversation.
Hair on summer rolls, great beer selection, unattentive staff, flavorless "Cantonese Cod" - three words that should never be seen together. A mixture of gross and flavorless. I'd rather be disappointed than disgusted any day. Stick to the beer menu and try some of the fantastic traditional Vietnamese restaurants in the neighborhood. Oh and screaming babies that throw crap everywhere are more than welcome.
This is always a safe bet for us. I think we've tried most of the menu and I think I liked almost everything. Plus they have great background music!
Duck noodle soup. Roti and dipping sauce. Curry duck noodles. And so much more. Small plates. Great for groups of 3-5. Flavors I've never found anywhere else. Attentive service. All the ingredients for a great restaurant. Definitely deserves all 5 stars.
Delicious! We got the Prawn Mee and the Chow Kwe Teo. Nice and spicy. The 2 for 1 drinks for happy hour helped wash it all down. I'll be back for more.
Love this place.....our waitress was so nice and fun.  The tapas are huge and the price is great........
Great selection of misc asian food. Dumplings, summer rolls, pad thai, and fish tacos were all delicious.  I plan to go back soon.
A little North of Colonial on Mills you will find this wonderful change of pace in our fine City of Orlando. A 3.5 for me really,.... I like the food, I had the crispy pork and the chicken curry. The chicken curry was very savory and tasty! It was more coconut curry with onions and succulent chunks of chicken,... The pork was made up of at least 1/5 fat and cartilage. I understand that this makes it a tastier dish,... and it was, but I will steer clear for a less chewy dish next time. Did I mention the beer list? Nope don't think I have,... well it is FABULOUS especially for this being an Asian themed place. I liked the whole experience,.. the only thing that kinda lingered as I left was that I just don't feel that I really got my money worth for lunch. This feeling isn't something that will keep me away though because it really is an excellent concept.
Hawkers is very hit or miss for me. I've had some great soups here and the black bean cod is very tasty, but lots of other dishes are just ok.
Love going to Hawkers! And it seems like we've been going more and more recently. I love the fact that you can get a bunch of different things to eat and (if you want to) share with the table. The prices are really good so we tend to get quite few little things and then a 'meal' (I tend to go for the Pad Thai) and over half of it comes home with me. Things we normally order: chicken skewers, mashed potatoes, Hawkers fries - those tend to be our go-tos. Oh, and make sure to check in when you get there because there's normally a free item with a check in!
Love Hawkers! Another great spot close to my house -- even better! :) I've been here quite a few times so I now know my favorite dishes and I can tell you! First off, I'm obsessed with the beef lo mein. It's a generous portion if you're just ordering for yourself and if you're splitting with two, take all the beef ...haha! It's so delicious. I'm also in love with the bean sprout dish. I know, doesn't sound like much of a winner does it? Well, it is. So, order it. Also a huge fan of the pot stickers. It's not usually busy when I go here but that might be because of the unconventional times I somehow manage to go. It's a very clean environment and there is outdoor seating should you fancy that. The servers are generally nice and attentive so no problems on that front. I definitely recommend checking out Hawkers! It's a fun place for a bite to eat  especially if you like to try a variety of dishes.
Our meal was absolutely terrific.  Our server happily indulged my request to "just keep brining us stuff to eat."  She asked how adventurous we were, to which we said, "we'll eat anything that's good."  It was a wonderful spread of tasting portions.  Everything was very flavorful and well-prepared.  Likewise, the bar staff were terrific and responded nicely to another request to "give me a dark beer."  They chose well.  It's wonderful to eat somewhere that everyone seems interested in the product and the experience.  Furthermore, the prices were really reasonable considering the quality.  It's not fine-dining and if you're not prone to experimenting and sharing small tasting-size portions, well, then... spare the rest of us your misery and go somewhere else.
We got here on a weekend night, the restaurant was packed as always and there was a line waiting to be seated. We agreed to be seated in the backyard, which turned out to be a great decision. We got seated almost right away, the backyard is decorated with lovely lights, and is much quieter than inside. Even though the restaurant was packed, the service was very friendly and food came fast. We ordered Summer Rolls "Goi Cuon", Roti Canai, Curry Laksa Soup, Malaysian Prawn Mee Soup. I love those noodle soups and Roti Canai, which comes with a highly addictive spicy curry dipping sauce! This is a perfect place to find more authentic Aisan food. And they offer local delivery too.
I LOVE Hawkers! LOVE, LOVE, LOVE. Seriously, Asian tapas what could be better?!? I love tapas, especially when sharing with friends. Tapas are great because you get to experience a lot of different things on the menu. The atmosphere is minimalist but open. The restaurant isn't huge but they way they have it set up you don't feel cramped. Yun was our server and she was awesome. She was sweet and took care of us the whole time. I really loved everything I had there, especially the beef bahn mi sliders. The fries are awesome too. They are seasoned and come with this awesome dipping sauce. But I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. I love that they put an orange slice in the water...so super cute :) And super bonus they have woodchuck on draft and woodchuck pear in a bottle...SCORE!!! But if you're not a woodchuck freak like me they have an extensive beer and wine list. Don't skip the mango sorbet for dessert is made in house and super good :) Hawkers is a great addition to the Mills/50 district...it was super busy so I hope that means they'll be around for a while :)
The atmosphere was urban but was incredibly too loud. The service was excellent and the food was good but way to expensive for the small portions received. I left hungry.
What a fun place! Bringing together street food traditions from a number of Asian cuisines, Hawkers offers a number of small plate and shareable options that allow you to build a delicious meal of snacks.  I am a HUGE fan of dim sum and sort of wince when people describe it as "Asian tapas".  Perhaps more accurately, tapas could be said to be "Spanish dim sum".   I visited Hawkers before a dance performance downtown with two darling ladies and we were rather hungry when we arrived.  Being first time visitors, we allowed the waiter to steer us towards the signature Roti Canai.  It was just as described - fried flat bread with a curry sauce.  However, all of us found it to be a little greasy and heavy.   No worries as our other orders came wandering out of the kitchen a few at a time, giving us plenty to nosh on.  We also tried the Beef Lo Mein, which was pretty much what you'd expect and very good.  My mother and I were very excited about the Kimchi Fried Rice and while it was good, there was almost no kimchi flavor, just inclusion of cabbage and a few kimchi veggies.  We also tried the Fish Filet with Black Bean sauce.  I expected a much more pungent, fermented black bean flavor but it was not bad. Overall, the dining experience and the service were great and there are plenty of other things on the menu I'd like to go back and try.
I recently returned from a trip to SE Asia where I spent a good amount of time in Malaysia and Singapore, and I was having some serious Curry withdrawals so I just had to stop in after a friend recommended the place. My first impression of the place was that the seating was extremely tight, especially for a party of two at one of the smaller tables, mushed in between the other tables of two.  I am larger than the average person, but it was still tight for most. The server was nice to begin with.  Now they advertise as going around Asia and serving the best hawker dishes there are. I looked all over the menu, and I could not find my damn Hiananese Chicken Rice. The first thing you do when you land in Singapore is head to the Maxwell Hawker Center and order Chicken rice from three different vendors. After that you go for the Laksa.... We ordered the Roti Canai, Hawker Fries, Summer Rolls, Char Kway Teo, and the Curry Laksa. The Roti was excellent, some of the best I have had and the curry dipping sauce was a nice touch. The Fries were good, although nothing spectacular. Summer rolls were decent, but for some reason were quite sticky and fell apart while dipping in the peanut sauce. Much better ones can be had at a number of Vietnamese joints in town. Char Kway Teo was good, but it isn't a hard dish to make. Now on to the Laksa, which was a huge disappointment.  The first negative aspect that I noticed was that the base was very watery, and not sort of thick as it was in other restaurants. Then I tasted the soup, and it was extremely bland with very little hint of spice. A huge disappointment. Oh well, there's always NYC and Cali. My last impression of the restaurant was the worst one. It was most likely an isolated event with our waitress and it probably won't stop us from visiting the restaurant again. We sat with dirty empty plates(minus the half full Laksa) on our table with empty water cups for a long time, trying to make eye contact with our waitress so she can bring us the check. We finally did get her attention and asked for the check. She headed back for a little bit, and then returned.....to take the order from the table next to us. We waited what felt like an eternity for her to bring the check, so we got up and finally met her by the register where she handed us the check without apologizing for the delay. We payed and left with a sour taste in our mouths, from the Laksa, and a bitter taste from the waitress.
Awesome selection of Asian food and you can bring your own alcohol if you want, great little spot highly recommend a visit!!
I love Hawkers! Highlights include: Huge Sake & craft beer selection (their house sake is actually pretty good) Anything Curried. Their curry sauce is so, so good. (Roti Canai, Curry Laksa.. etc) Pot Stickers Pad Thai.. I like almost all of their dishes actually. It comes out in small plates as they are ready, so if you are ordering separately your dishes may come out before someone else's at the table. I've found it best to just order 4-5 plates between 2 people (excluding the soup dishes, those are a little awkward for sharing). Service has also always been exceedingly pleasant when I've been. Do want to mention that I'm amazed that they always get my catering orders correct. With so many small plates I would expect it to be really hard to keep straight, but they do a really good job with it and are really accommodating. The only (small) things I don't like are that it can get loud because of the way the building is shaped and the chairs at the high-tops are so freakin small! I have an average-sized backside and I can't imagine trying to sit in those chairs if it gets any bigger...
Food was 5 stars..... Service was 6 stars. Honestly the best place I have gone downtown where service was absolutely amazing. You don't need to ask for ANYTHING! Gwen was our server and she did go above and beyond! Plus Hurley loves it, lol.
I've been twice now and have really enjoyed both meals. The one thing that really stands out is the Five Spiced Pork Choppletts. There is a whole section of Five Spice items, but I haven't gotten past the pork because the flavor is amazing. The service is really good and I love the look they have created in the dining room. The only thing that could be better is the seating. It looks cool, but it's not very comfy.
Friendly staff, AMAZING food. Very good customer service. The coconut curry shrimp will blow you away! The ginger chicken will melt in your mouth, along with the roast duck. Hawkers delight is awesome as well. The Yow Choy is definitely one of my go to veggies. Honestly, this place has never let me down. Even when it gets extremely busy the customer service still remains phenomenal and it's as if everyone from the kitchen to the waiter & waitresses step up their game. If you haven't been, please go!
They have some wonderful dishes, but they are expensive. The atmosphere was nice with a modern look. The portions are quite small for the price. They have a variety of food to choose from from roti to papaya salad. It represented Asia in general as far as their cuisine. Their roti is absolutely fantastic and addictive. Overall it was a nice place, but there is room to improve with the pricing and some of their dishes.
Delicious! Had a sampling of dishes. Everything was delicious and very worth multiple return visits. Great service.  Overall fantastic experience.
This place is great! I love the how the menu is set up. Their menu has some of the popular dishes from different Asian countries. Such a great idea. Best part is that their dishes are small plates so you can get the chance to try a few different items each time! This place is always packed when we arrive. Sometimes servers can take a while to get to your table but the impeccable service you receive makes up for it. One of my favorites is the Tom Yum soup. It's flavorful, it's spicy, and oh so delicious! I've had plenty of Tom Yum soups and this one is one of my favorites.
More than anything, I think I love SAYING: "I'm going to Hawkers."  I love BOASTING: "Oh Hawkers?  Yeah, I was just there last week!"  It's a cool, fun destination with a hip young urban vibe.  And they even have my favorite beer -- Shock Top, a Belgian White -- on tap.  So what's not to like?  Well here's the lowdown, good news first: Roti Canai ($3):  Who'd ever think a big round of warm, flaky Malaysian flatbread served with spicy curry dipping sauce could be so enticing?  There's waaay more  sauce than bread though, so I just used the yummy sauce to flavor some of my other food.  Additional bread is available for $1.50. Tom Yum soup ($6):  Got this on my second visit and it was delivered steaming hot to the table.  Filled with chunks of fresh tomato, cucumbers, & bell pepper strips, shrimp, mushrooms, rice noodles, and bean sprouts, this Thai soup's spicy lemon grass broth gave these jaded old taste buds a jolt! Roast Duck Tacos ($5):  Recommended by a fellow Yelper, but I found them uninspired.  My roast duck was served at room temp and there were gristles among the chunks of duck meat in my tortilla.  Another thing: Maybe it's just me, but when I bite into my tacos, I like them to crunch (though NOT with gristle)!  With a few limp strands of green stuff inside, these *didn't.*  And I didn't care much for the brown sauce either. BBQ Pork "Char Siu" ($4.50):  Several years ago while on vacation in Waikiki, I took Hawaii Food Tours' "Hole-in-the-Wall" tour of Honolulu.  Our stop in that city's AMAZING Chinatown (which is surely one of the best!) yielded some wonderfully tasty morsels, among them transcendent chunks of warm, bbq char siu marbelled with little ribbons of glistening pork fat.  I've been hoping to find something close to it ever since.  But the cold, dry slices of pork I was served at Hawkers were in no way able to rekindle the love affair I started with the dish I fell in love with in Oahu! 5-Spice Calamari ($6.50):  Delivered hot to the table from the fryer -- in an unfortunate puddle of grease.  Making the claim of "too much food," I offered them to an unsuspecting fellow diner who seemed thrilled to get them. Service:  We were a party of six.  Service was extremely pleasant without being intrusive.  Servers seem used to the fact that people order a little and eat a little, then order some more, so there were frequent visits to the table.  Some dishes -- like the room temp duck tacos -- came immediately, while others -- the deep fried stuff -- took a little longer to arrive.  Our request for separate checks was cheerfully honored.  Water glasses were kept full.   Ambiance:  Clean, light & bright, attractive modern interior like no place else in O-Town, especially in this district.  Noise level: happy chatter. Note to Yelpers:  There is a check-in offer for a free order of vegetarian fried spring rolls with chili sauce.  They're pretty good and I got them on both visits. And if you EVER make it to Hawaii, Matthew Grey's Hawaii Food Tours is not-to-be-missed -- it's been voted the single BEST tour in Hawaii!
Great tasty alternative to the other Asian foods in Orlando. You got to try this place- hip, cool, great prices and the food is YUM.
Saying that I am a huge fan would be an understatement, particularly when it comes to the duck breast sliders!  The Hawkers staff usually does a great job of getting orders in and food out pretty quickly.   I don't do spicy, but if you do, I'm told that Udon noodles is the way to go! BTW, they seem to almost always have Yelp check-in deals for free appetizers like summer or spring rolls.  So be sure to check-in!
Hawkers is a great place to go with a few friends.  The dishes are a great size and price to share with said friends(if you're feeling generous). I've been here numerous times since they opened and am pleased with how consistantly good the experiences have been, especially when I introduce visitors to it. Pad Thai is one of my favorite dishes at most any Asian restaurant so I use it as a way to compare the quality from place to place and Hawkers is one of my favorites in town! I also recommend the Jasmine Rice and the Crispy Pork.
Great place! Staff was friendly and explained everything. Good craft beers and inexpensive. Can't wait to go back.
One of the more fun tapas places in Orlando. A large, whimsical, and most importantly tasty menu. Always good service. Casual environment.
A tapas style Asian fusion restaurant with primarily Malaysian/Thai dishes. Loving the modern chic with a tad of grungy edge interior decor, and the menus are beautifully designed as well- ok maybe only something noticed and appreciated by a born and bred designer like myself...(kidding). I only dream of their Roti Canai and Curry Laksa now, sigh- two of my favorite, personal must-try, dishes there. The prices are reasonable and the service is friendly and fast. Oh, and if you are a mango sticky rice fanatic, you GOT TO try the one here. I didn't because I already ordered three of the desserts (shaved ice, 3 creme brulees, and ginger icecream, which were all pretty good), and thought, oh it's just mango sticky rice, but after we had already finished and left is when I saw pictures of it...and nearly cried. Given, I don't know how good it actually is, but just the fact that THE FREAKING RICE IS FORBIDDEN BLACK/PURPLE RICE!!! you just can't not try it. Given I kind of sorta have a thing for forbidden rice, but mostly bc I've never seen that done to the dish before and trust, I've had my more than fair share of mango sticky rice. Yep, like a true darn food enthusiast, still beating myself over not getting it. Also apparently it has mango sorbet on top..whaaat. Ugh. Will attempt to recreate, at least until my next trip to Orlando. They need to open something like this in DC, if there isn't already one? Any recs are welcome this way (or more importantly if anyone knows of any places around the DMV where mango sticky rice is made with forbidden purple rice PLEASE don't hesitate to share :)
Food is pretty tasty but tends to be very salty. Staff is friendly but my last experience was lackluster. Was left waiting at my table for 10 minutes w no service. Go to give it a try but don't expect too much
Fast and great service. Delicious food. Kimchi fried rice was fantastic. The roti bread was delicious.
Dear Hawkers, You have redeemed yourself and have therefor earned another star! A friend and I went for lunch on Sunday and the service was much, much better than my first experience. We both got free vegetarian spring rolls with our Yelp check in and my friend, who isn't a huge fan of spring rolls, thought they were very good. We split an order of the Asian fried green beans, which were very good with the 5 spice seasoning, but they were a little soggy and I like my fried green beans to be crispy. My friend liked her curry laksa and I liked the pad thai ok but I liked it even better once I added some sweet chili sauce to it. I'll definitely be going back to try out more items.
My first time eating here was New Years day 2012. I can't wait to return and over-eat!
Hawkers is both impressive to me and somewhat expected: in a sense it is much like Bento downtown in that both attempt to offer a diverse array of Asian cuisine in a trendy atmosphere. I think Hawkers has a more cohesive approach though, for one, with their emphasis on most dishes coming out of a true Asian street food tradition. Thus, while Bento starts in Japanese traditions and branches out from there, Hawkers starts in the Viet and Singaporean street food culture and branches forth. Some dishes expectedly are better than others and some are pretty typical--banal, even--whereas others are truly exotic and unlikely to be found elsewhere. Perhaps the best thing about Hawkers overall is that it brings a lot of different styles of Asian cooking under one roof in small plates and allows you to try a diversity you'd not encounter in the same place otherwise. My friend Daniel and I ordered the following: a fried tofu dish, edamame, stir-fried udon with chicken, fried shrimp with curry sauce, Asian green beans, and a tofu curry. The edamame was fine, but like you'd get anywhere, really; the green beans were quite good and the udon was superb. The fried shrimp I did not find very impressive, however and I'm not much a fan of tofu anyways, so little to say about those dishes. Our desserts--mango sticky rice and a dessert roti with cream cheese filling and cinnamon--were both pretty good. The waiter was attentive despite us being out on the patio and his seemingly having a lot of tables to worry over and he was also eager to answer any questions regarding the menu if needed. They have beer and wine, but I don't believe a full bar, but no matter: they seem to have a robust enough assortment of drinks, including our mimosas, to keep people happy. The inside dining room is pretty crowded but no worse than many other restaurants: the complaints I've read here about it being hard to even move or having people relentlessly bump into your chair surprise me and make me wonder if people who wrote these things ever have been in a crowded bar or restaurant before. Overall, it's a very nice space and a very well-run restaurant. Is it authentic? Some dishes probably more than others, but it's fun and overall pretty tasty. A good concept and one that seems very apt and successful in Orlando.
We have been to Hawkers many times and will continue to go back because its that freakin' good. Did we mention that it is very inexpensive for the value/taste and they have BYOB on Wed nights? No cork fee. They have a wide variety of Asian inspired small plates that you cant go wrong with. Tasty food, great $$ value and service. Nice outside seating if you can get it.
Another wonderful meal!  Thank you Tomas for the fantastic service and the suggestion of the curry laksa (Delish).
Hawkers provides consistently delicious food. I have never been disappointed. Be sure to put in an order of Roti at the same time as your drink order. The dessert roti is good as well. My favorite menu item is the beef haw fun.
Serene, simple, yet somewhat sophisticated entrance complete with water feature, though no fishes, wait..... is this Asian street fare? Door opens...oh, simple, unfussy, clean, open dining room, high top tables, pub height chairs, metallic zinc panels, black industrial style ceiling, and the grand open tower. This place is really cool. I remembered China Town Restaurant and Market as a dingy and moldy hole. The service was horrible, the food tasteless, even the beer was stale. I went once, 6 years ago, and never even finished my meal. So, it comes as no surprise that this place closed. Now look at the new joint. Wow! What a transformation. New life was given to this old place that really was neglected and time passed it by. Renovate, regenerate, regrow, a greener Orlando. Love it. The entrance is flanked on the left with a bar and greeter podium, with no greeter. However, a friendly greeting came from the bar area and a person dressed in all black came over and asked, "Two?" Yes, there was two of us. We were lead to a table along the wall. Nice fit. Surprisingly comfortable. There is even a foot step under the table, snazzy. We were handed two menus and a drink list. One of the menus had dried food on the front cover. Wow alot of beers and food items. There were over 50 beers all of which I am told were in stock. Although, there are the regular Asian beers that could be found in any Asian restaurant in Orlando there are also a trillion small batch brewed that are not so popular. Great, so there is an option to pair this huge variety of food with specific tasting beer. Will keep that in mind. The wine list was a decent compilation with most of the varieties present but seem to lack focus and was not well rounded. I was told by the server that it is a new list since the previous one were selections from Total Wine on Colonial Dr. At least they recognize the need. Step up? The food menu was a combination of most Asian dishes. Several dishes reflect the most popular of that particular ethnicity. However, some one really loves five spice. There is a whole section of the menu that is dedicated to five spice inspired dishes. Nice combination of soups, salads, stir fry, and grilled items. However, it is a large menu so study before you go. Technology has definitely touched this restaurant with the sleek and shinny iPad terminals. They operate on a Point of Sale system that is all wireless called Lavu. Since everything is wireless they have the option to add on iPod and iPhone apps. Cool and techy. After going through the menu and taking some recommendations from the server we settled on 6 dishes. Roti Canai Malaysian flat breads served with a side of spicy curry dipping sauce. Roti-A little on the chewy undercooked side. Curry-On point, creamy, spicy, flavorful. The little nugget of chicken on the bottom was oh so soft. Grilled Hawker Skewers Pork-Vietnamese lemongrass Chicken-Malaysian satay Beef-Korean Bulgogi All beautifully marinaded and grilled to perfection. Char Kway Teo Malaysia's most popular street fare, Wide rice noodles stir fried with shrimp, chicken breast, egg, bean sprouts, and shallots. Good stir fry dish, noodles plumb not al dente, not soft, but oily, creating a very smooth luxurious texture. Vegetables and proteins cooked well. Good dish, oil puddle forms if left to sit too long. Description on menu does not include bean sprouts, but here they crunchy and earthy, love it. Curry Laksa A Singaporean favorite, egg noodles in a coconut curry stew, topped with a hard boiled egg, shrimp, sliced chicken breast, and garnished with "yow choy" (chinese kale) and fried shallots. Creamy, lightly flavored, just the right amount of spiciness, proteins cooked tenderly, great bowl of delight. Five Spice Tofu Crisp, five spice flavor present, silky tofu, cooked perfectly. Five Spice Fish Tacos Crisp, five spice flavor present, well cooked fish, fresh tomatoes and lettuce. Soft taco shell. I asked for a beer recommendation that would go well with our selections and was offered the same old common Asian types with casualness of someone who could care less what the other gazillion beers on the menu tasted like. Poor showing, since they have such a large variety. I selected a Tiger beer which complemented and tasted quite crisp. After the beer, I asked for a wine recommendation and the server took my menu and read off starting from the top. I tried the French Grenache blend. Good wine, paired okay with the grilled hawker skewers but not versatile enough as the only blend on the menu. I have to point out the cohesiveness in design. There is a common reddish/orangeish stripe colored theme that transcends on the menu, logo, and around the restaurant. Very nice touch. Now everytime I see this color or stripe I will think of Hawkers. Points for branding. Overall, this is a nice concept with fresh ideas and same old flavors. It is a good attempt to update the proverbial Asian take out  restaurant.
Roti was great.  Very flaky and delicious.  The curry sauce was reminiscent of jarred chicken gravy with curry powder mixed in. Spring rolls had a horseradish flavor which was very off putting. The five spice calamari was mediocre.  The seasoning had cinnamon which made me feel like I was eating churro calamari.  The bulgogi skewer was very tasty and well flavored.  Laksa was disappointing and had linguine noodles.  Dessert roti was yummy.  Like a Malaysian version of sopapillas.  Overall experience was good but nothing to rave about.  Stick to Tasty Wok in my opinion.
We had the roti, edamame, sesame noodles, pork belly with hoisin sauce, pad Thai cod with black bean sauce,fried rice, ands pork tacos.  Each dish was better than the last.  We even had a 2 year old and she loved the food.  Great place for small plates that all have an eclectic flair.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
They have a large menu of small Asian Street fare plates. So many different options and flavors from which to choose. I used them to cater a party I hosted few years ago and every time I go I enjoy it and find something new to try. Bulgogi Beef Skewers are my fav!
The dishes were yummy. A good variety of flavors. We were asking the manager about the sauces and she brought us several to try. It was delish. Exceeded expectations. Dishes are cheap enough that you dont mind trying new things.
Their concept is cool....the idea is based on street food fare in SE Asia.  I ordered almost everything on this menu..and it's all pretty good.  My #1 suggestion is the Tom Yum noodle! Hands down the best on the menu..if you like sour, well favored and spicy.  Their roast duck dish, is a little on the disappointing side (thus my 4 star rating).  When I'm in Orlando, FL this is my place to eat.
Nothing to write home about.
Amazing. Especially the service. Yun is who you want as a server. The whole experience enhanced with her!!!
I had tickets to see a show at the Orlando Shakespeare Theatre, a venue I had never been to, so I threw the address into Yelp and searched for nearby restaurants. I was elated to see that Hawkers was nearby, as I have been hearing rave reviews from friends and fellow Yelpers for years!  Plus Asian tapas is right up my alley!   My husband and I arrived around 6:15 on a Saturday night, and the hostess was able to seat us immediately. Our server, I think his name was Leo, came over to greet us and was very attentive and helpful with recommendations (especially after we told him it was our first time). So what did we order? Vietnamese Iced Coffee - Thai Iced Coffee is one of my guilty pleasures, and from the description, this sounded similar. Coffee sweetened with condensed milk, yum!  The Vietnamese coffee did not lack in strength, and while not as sweet as it's Thai cousin, it was definitely a nice treat!   Bahn Mi Sliders - I originally ordered these with pork belly, but our server recommended the beef instead - so I took his word for it, and really enjoyed these. The only downside was that the beef was a little fatty, but once I trimmed it away - it was pretty much perfect: tender and flavorful. Pad Thai - one of my favorite dishes on any Thai menu, but I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to spices. I noticed the chili pepper marking on the menu, and asked our server how spicy it was. Recognizing my hesitation, our server told me that the spice could be toned down to mild, which really made my day. I love, love, love that I didn't have to choose between chicken or shrimp - it comes with both!  Even prepared mildly, there was still a bit of a kick, but overall I really enjoyed this. Summer Rolls - check in with Yelp and you get these for free!  Very fresh and light, and the peanut sauce is awesome!   We also ordered a pork dish, I can't remember what it was called, but boy was it yummy. Tender, packed with flavor. Overall, I really enjoyed our first visit here, and I know that it will not be our last. Totally worth the drive, and we will be back with friends!
Great place to eat with friends. Good food and friendly staff. Roti Canai was excellent, as well as the various tacos & the udon noodles. Noodle & rice dishes are large, and could be an individual meal after sharing some of the smaller tapas.
For this place....it is as good as it gets for nice and simple Asian street fair done with with a twist of upscale...not upscale prices.  For us Asian food reigns supreme.  Tapas are much our style...when we typically go out, we order appetizers and are the silly couple in the back people watching over a sea table of multiple dishes and fermented beverages. The spring rolls are average.  The flat bread with a Curry sauce is GREAT.  Chicken Skewers, will meet any expectations, dumplings were a hit, the Banh Mi Sliders...WOW.   They stretch the envelop with some classics and stay true to others.  One of the offerings was a Durian Crème brûlée...HARD STOP!!!!!  I was intrigued by this offering, but could not stomach the idea of trying it just yet...I might the second time if it is offered...but Durian fruit is about as high on my list as is a headache of migraine proportions...that takes a certain acquired taste.  But A+ for the thought and effort...actually now I am feeling rather regretful for not trying it :-(  I might need to go back just to have a taste. (update: I did go back and I love it...try it) To visit a place that takes the ordinary and converts it to something different but staying simple is...Hawkers Asian Street Fare.  Street food in a restaurant...good stuff!!!
So far I have been to Hawkers twice and have gotten a total of 5 things.  What are they you ask? I have no idea!! I just know that everything is good.  Just ask your server for there recommendation, you can't go wrong.  The servers are great and very nice. It tends to get crowded here at night, so if you are in a hurry I would suggest lunch as it is pretty quiet and they have all the same menu items.  The menu is basically Asian style tapas.  They have Thai, Chinese, Japanese, you name it!  Just be prepared for a carb overload, as most dishes consist of rice or noodles. I can't wait to come back and try every single dish.  There is also a Yelp check in offer for a free appetizer.  Woot woot! #yelp100
I could eat here every day.  Their menu is loaded with options and I have enjoyed every dish/plate that I have ordered.  I've been here with work clients, friends and family.  We usually order a bunch of different stuff and just share it all.  If I am by myself I always get (and inhale) the duck tacos.  They also have a large selection of bottled beers (more than you would ever think.) The best part about all this amazing Asian street fare is the price.  I think it's one of the best values around.
The BEST. With such a large menu and small portions, it's great so everyone can try something new every time they go. Plus, the prices are beyond reasonable and the food is delicious. Highly recommend the curry. And the meatballs. And the bok choy. And the spring rolls. Mmm.
I'm so craving their Chinese Kale as I write this, even though it's been over a week since I've had it. It's not like typical Kale, but closer to Bok Choy and better. Basically everything I've had here is excellent! If you haven't had Roti Canai before, make sure to order at least one, and I'd suggest buying a few more pancakes to dip into the sauce, especially if you're sharing. It is spicy and I have to remember to ask next time if they can make it milder. I haven't seen anyplace else in Orlando sell Roti, so you should be in for a treat. I've only ever had it in NYC before. My go to dish is usually the Roast Duck. I recently had and like their various flavors of grilled chicken wings. Depending on the group I'm with, we'll share dishes. It's served tapas style, so is cool to order and share with a bunch. Not only is there a wide assortment of food to choose from, their craft beer selection won't disappoint. The place is always packed, especially on a Friday night. If you get here early enough, you might be able to find a seat, but I'd suggest making reservations, especially for a large group, and if you're coming closer to 7 or 8. They will push tables together. There is outdoor seating too. They have a parking lot, but I prefer to street park, just because the lot can be tight. Hawkers has been a great, bold and ambitious addition to the area, that I always look forward to coming to again and again.
Best Asian food I have ever had! Yum yum yum! Some folks said that parking would be an issue, but we got there and it was no problem. The atmosphere has a modern feel and is not too crowded or noisy. Start with small plates and move on to the larger dishes. Went with a few people and enjoyed the 'family style' dining. Definitely get the Roti and Chow Faan! Best Asian in O-Town!
Two out of three ain't bad. That's how many good visits we've had. I will say this though, after a poor second visit, the management did everything they could to bring us back and give us a good time and they did. The food is excellent, a really nice menu, atmosphere is fun and cool. And above all, the management team is top notch and definitely worth your business.
I was starving by the time we got here. I might have over ordered a bit but everything was good so it was ok. Based on Yelp suggestions I ordered the Singapore soup. The broth was good but the chicken, shrimp and tofu in it all had a weird texture. I took them out and ate the rest. The roti and sauce were addictive. I don't think I've had roti before that. It's like a croissant and a tortilla had a delicious little baby. The chicken curry was also good. Big chunks, covered in a deeply flavorful curry sauce. The pork was good, like chiccarones but soft. They had a lot of fat on them but I loves me some pork fat. You get free spring rolls if you check in on Yelp and they were good. Simple, fried with cabbage and mushroom but still had a delicate flavor that I liked. Overall, everything was good, not great. If it was in my neighborhood I'd be a regular on days when I don't feel like cooking.
Came here recently (finally) after hearing lots of good things from fellow asian food loving friends.  Very happy I did.  Did not know what I expected the interior to look like, but it was super cute inside!  It was lunch on a Friday and we were still in and out of here within an hour. Our party of three ordered a variety of stuff and we definitely had more hits than misses.  Their cold sesame noodes were the most notable miss. They just tasted like noodles with peanut butter on them, no complexity of flavor...not impressed.  The roti canai was awesome as were the chicken skewers.  Spring rolls were tasty but we were not fans of the sauce that is provided for dipping.  The dumplings are also very tasty. The prices are awesome and I will definitely come again and again.
KNowledgeable servers, clean and fresh atmosphere and yummylicous food. Two thumbs up!
Simply, the best restaurant in the Mills 50 district. You'd be hard pressed to find something on this menu that's not delicious.
Awesome chicken wings and Pad Thai! I tend to ask for extra sauce because it can come out dryer than I would like it to.
I'm from Malaysia, never had I ever tasted any "Malaysian dishes" as horrendous as the one served in this restaurant!!! The taste is totally off and does not even remotely resemble anything like Malaysian food. Even if they changed the authentic way of cooking, can the dishes at least be tasty?? My husband is European, even he can't bare to put these kind of food in his mouth.... We were so excited and drove all the way there from Jacksonville only to be disappointed. I strongly urge the owner/chef to either stop claiming those are Malaysian dishes or stop serving it entirely! The ambiance was so loud and obnoxious that it gave us a headache at the end of the meal. Should I mention that they charged $11 for a bottle of beer in Florida?? I been living in New York for the past 12 years and I don't even pay that price in Manhattan!!!
Great food and great fun!  love this place!
What a darling place! I went here with a girlfriend and we shared three dishes, drank waaaay too much prossecco and left feeling quite satisfied. I am a new Hawkers fan... the service was fantastic and the food was flavorful and delicious. The fried green beans were crazy yummy... with just the right amount of crunch. We also got the bulgogi lettuce wraps and I have to say, the meat was out of this world. With small portions and small prices, this place tops my list of casual eateries to go for a chill evening with friends. They even have a small outdoor area for people to bring their dogs, smoke, suntan... whatever it is that people do outside whilst eating. If you live in the neighborhood, this place should be no-brainer. Great food and great service!
Great food and service!  The general manager Victor is very passionate and friendly.  I will be back!
Asian Fusion Tapas. Who would have thought this possible? It's definitely a great place for those who are into asian food to try out a whole slew of delicacies ranging from szechuan to Korean, to Japanese. The concept works in that the foods there are relatively cheap and their beer selection is amazing! Service has always been spot on and quick. The Pad Thai is definitely one of my favorites here. It's got a kick so those who dare  venture for the Pad Thai should be prepared! The Bulgogi has always been a great disch to pick as well. The only downside is the terrible parking situation. The parking lot will barely hold 15 cars. There are other parking spots around the area but you have to careful with the signs posted. Keep an eye out for any on the side of the road or you'll have to find a place nearby and take a hike to Hawkers. This place will definitely suite anyone's palate for asian! Check in on Yelp to get a free Spring Roll!!
Updating to 4.5 stars after the excellent customer focus and follow up by management to rectify issues as well as raving feedback from friends after recent visit.
Excellent food. But all in small portion, I would say two person will need at least three to four dishes.
The food is amazing. The ambiance is awesome. This place, is a MUST try. Can't wait to go back.
So great! The roti canai is the best. Skip the kimchi fried rice.
I've been coming here a lot and wow. Everytime we try something different and I haven't been disappointed yet. Quick with your food, huge selection of food and beer. I recommend hot tea for hot food but thats me. My wife and I got curry meatballs, char siu, fried green beans, black bean fish, and curry laksa. The laksa was something I saw on a travel channel show some years ago and always wanted to try it. I haven't been to Malasia but I can only imageine it's as good as this. Try to get a little of everything, soup, noodle and some small dishes you can be full and have left overs for lunch for a low price! Oh and try the homemade desserts perfect!
Mills50 is an eclectic neighborhood in Orlando; it's fun area to do a little exploring and check out the local shops and eateries.  Hawkers is one of the spots I enjoy visiting when I'm in the neighborhood.   While there is street parking on Mills they also have a lot as well.  I like the look and feel of the restaurant.  The outside is Asian and the inside is a bit industrial with the shiny metallic walls.  Along with indoor dinning there is a nice patio on the side. I was a bit surprised to see that Hawkers had a good selection of craft beers.  There were plenty of good options and they offer a 2-4-1 Happy Hour everyday from 3pm.-6pm. Hawkers is a great place to come on a date or with a group of people.  They have a small plate menu with about two dozen options to choose from.  The small plates are their specialties, but you will also find noodles, rice and a few specialty items on the menu as well.   We visit we enjoy getting a number of small plates; we find that three to four plates are plenty for us.  I like the being able to sample more of the menu this way.   While we've enjoyed all that we have tried here my favorites are the wings; these are really delicious.  There are a number of seasoning to choose from and you can pick what style you would like them cooked.  I also love the Coconut Curry Shrimp served with a coconut curry dip. I've been during lunch and it can get a little busy.  I enjoy coming in for an early dinner and taking advantage of their Happy Hour.  Hawkers can be a great spot to enjoy some good food at a decent price.   The  Mills 50 district is known as the "Intersection of Culture and Creativity"  There are a number of local eateries in the district serving up some tasty food, and Hawkers Asian Street Fare is one of my favorites.
Found this place from yelp and I have to say it is my favorite restaurant in Orlando! Five spice wings , pad Thai pork char DIY, launcher fried rice and my most favorite roti cani with curry dipping sauce! Great happy hour 4 to 6 2 for one micro. Brews mon through Friday! Have not had one bad thing on the menu!
Dining area a little small... Amazing food , great beer .average service
Not impressed four of us visited food came out fast but got cold fast I guess due to small portions on the plates,large portions are grouped together and help the plate stay warm. My garage floor looks alot better than their floor , very noisey enviorment As per the web site we should have gotten 'wok fried lettuce' FREE however we did get charged for it , only $4.00 but I didn't notice it till we got home,why do places forget to give you their offers but NEVER FORGET to put all your food items that you ordered ??? I always give 20% tip and when I do catch mistakes I just subtract that amount from the tip and show such on the bill ,as it should be the waitress to keep track of this not the consumer. Will I go back I think not.
Have been here twice and both times I've walked away very pleased. I love the variety of the dishes - they'll allow you to go on a brief trip through plates from places like Malaysia, Singapore, and China. Even better, supposedly they're pretty authentic - at least my friend from Singapore has declared it so. The menu is generally divided between the smaller tapas style plates and the larger plates that are sort of the 'main dishes'. I liked this setup because it allows you to mix and match depending on your hunger and the group you're with. Also, they have a decent beer selection which nicely complements the variety of food options. The service is always friendly and the prices are very accessible. Give it a try, you won't regret it.
Good food, good service, great selection of beer, Roast pork rules!
Asian tapas! What's not to love?  Hawkers is a trendy style Asian food restaurant that offers a little bit of everything from traditional to fusion.  Their portions on some dishes are small and some not as small as I had expected.  Their rice and noodle dishes seem to come in bigger bowls.  We sampled fried rice, Malaysian noodles, duck, and pork.  They also have a large selection of beer, though unfortunately were out of my two top choices.  The food was good and the service was great.  It is a very busy location though, I don't know if they take reservations, but on a weekend it may be a good idea.  Parking is a bit of a challenge.  They have a lot and there is parking around but you may have to take a pass or two to get in there. Overall, good food at a decent price.
Absolutely awesome.  I have been here several times now and continue to be amazed at the quality of the food.  The Rolti Canai (sp?) is a must as a starter and the crispy canton noodles make a great lunch. In addition to awesome food, the service is amazing.  Very friendly servers that know how to take care of the customers without being constantly in your face. Definitely gonna be a regular here.
No reservation taken so get there early or get ready to wait. I ate joyfully at the bar. Good amount of microbrew bottled beer selections. Excelled with tempura styled green beans, five spice fried pork tenderloin, and naan type bread. Needs work on the duck. The skin needs to be crispy! Overall good experience!
The pad Thai was just okay at best...the summer rolls were not very good...the roti was delicious..will give it another shot but this place was just average this time
Positives: - The most expensive thing on the menu is $6.50 and there are great portion sizes for the price. - Very extensive beer list also with great prices - Nice high ceilings and industrial chill decor Negatives: - The food all tasted the same - always just missing the mark - Our waitress had very long hair and could not leave it alone - up/down, hand through it - it grossed me out after a while The better stuff: - Anything with curry - ie the Roti Canai, the Malaysian wonton noodles dish topped with curry.  The curry is very tasty. - Stir fried Udon - simple but yummy The really disappointing stuff: Bahn Mi sliders - with pork - too much bread and not enough tang Five Spice tofu - not sure how they even get the tofu so small, but tiny circular balls of tofu fried and covered in five spice - left a chalky taste from all the powder Cantonese cod - small pieces are fried then placed in a very bland cornstarchy sauce
What started out as a great concept has quickly declined. On my recent visit, this place was understaffed, dirty, and management was nowhere to be found. The quality of the food has dropped to average with inconsistencies that are noticable if you are (were) a frequent patron. Hawkers seems to be on track to become a victim of their success. I don't think anyone was happy the night of my visit. Sad, I used to enjoy the place...
I researched this place and heard great reviews and boy did it not dosappoint!  Great service, amazing food and love the beer selections... We ordered the roti Cani with the curry sauce... Can I just say I can swim in a vat of that stuff! The small plates to share is a great idea , it let's you taste a variety of the menu.. Which was plenty  ( pork belly w/ plum sauce, pan fried dumplings, best pad tai hands down, and amazing 3 tea brûlée') we even got a free lettuce fried wok for just checking in on yelp!   And guys... The price was sooo friggin cheap it blew us away! Ying our waitress was a fabulous guide to our culinary adventure!  A must try if your in the Orlando area! DO it!
Like many of the previous reviewers, I really like the concept of this place:  small tapas portions of typical street food.   After dining here, I'm excited enough about the place that I want to be the first person to tell my friends about it, or at least be the first to take them here so they can try it out.  This is a great place to go with a group of people because the point is to order many dishes and share them all among everyone.  I've ordered the Char kway teo which is so far my favorite.  Also the crispy canton noodles were mighty decent as well, as was the duck, but come on, duck is just pretty darn good as it is...mmmmm....duuuuck....   I'm sure there are some things on the menu that totally outshine others, and occasionally there will be a fail, but don't let that discourage you, just try something else and you're sure to pick a winner!
I ate at Hawkers for the third time last Friday night. I live in the Fort Lauderdale area so I can't go there as often as I would like. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the state. It is so unique. I wish there was one down here. Every single dish I have ever gotten here is absolutely delicious. It's hard to name my favorite. Here are some dishes I've had, that I highly recommend (not in any specific order): 1. Roti Canai 2. Crispy Roast Pork 3. BBQ Pork 4. 5 Spice Pork Choppettes 5. Hawkers Fries 6. Roast Duck 7. Cantonese Cod   8. Pot Stickers 9. Singapore Mei Fun 10. Lo Mein 11. Basil Fried Rice 12. Coconut Curry Shrimp 13. Hawkers Wings 14.Cinammon Roti with Ice Cream I'm also very happy that they have a nice selection of good craft beers. It's nice not having to drink tasteless mass produced beer. I also wanted to say that Amy, the manager on duty last Friday night, came by our table to see how we were doing. My brother and I ended up speaking with her for several minutes. She was so nice and so professional. She made us feel so welcome. Just another great reason to come to Hawkers. Thank You Amy!! I can't wait for my next visit to Orlando to try some more dishes. I truly love this place!!
Okay okay, maybe my expectations were too high or something. The place is super trendy and modern. Its the place to go when you want to catch up with friends, eat a little Asian food, and just be in a chill atmosphere. It kind of reminded me of a Chipotle or something. The concept is great. Small dishes / portions. Lots of sharing and trying new things. Prices are actually DECENT. I wouldn't say "cheap". I love that they try to incorporate a lot of Asian cultures and cuisine styles in their dishes. Malaysian, Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, Japanese, etc. Our server was really nice and attended to us very well. The food itself wasn't amazing to me. Besides the fact that my cousin and I were literally the only people there of Asian-descent outside of the staff, I didn't think the food was that amazing as these other reviews have said. Now I didn't expect dishes to come from the countries itself or even be authentic but I expected a little more. I really enjoyed their Malaysian Prawn Mee noodles soup. Lots going on in there. Shrimp, chicken, boiled egg, etc. If I do come here again, that will probably be my go-to. My cousin enjoyed the Canal Roti the most. It's this an Asian-tortilla that you dip in this curry-like sauce. Now don't think it's nothing because it actually tasted pretty good. So simple too. Here are the ehs for me. _ Char Kway Teo. Nothing too special. It's pretty much pad thai. Minus the nuts. _ Siu Yoke aka crispy roast pork was really fatty, like it was ALL fat. I felt like we didn't get any meat in the portion that we got. It wasn't very pleasant eating it, bleh. _ Coconut curry shrimp. $6 for 4 fried shrimps :\ I didn't think it was good. You can tell they fried it for too long so it was super crispy and because it was over-fried, I couldn't really taste any flavor. Their concept is the gravity of the restaurant. It's "cool" and "hip".
Servers are friendly and polite. I've had the Singapore Mei Fun several times 'cause it is delicious to the max!! Spring Rolls are a must. For the sweet tooth, Creme Brûlée Trio!!! Great spot for solo dinning, a date, family dinner or business lunch. Definitely coming back!
Got to check out Hawkers last week and it was amazing! If you get the chance go and be sure to ask for Ying or Elia! They rock! Couldn't decide what to order so we let Ying take care of us. We had quite a night ordered the Roti, Gyoza, shrimp pad Thai, another curry vegetable/chicken dish who's name escapes me. I probably can't remember though because we crushed 3 bottles of saki! Lol! You have to try the Ty Ku Black. The bottle is black and red; looks really cool. The taste is smooth and pleasantly sweet. I highly recommend Hawkers; the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they didn't have mango and sticky rice for desert :-/ the desert they had though was really good. I wish I could remember what it was called but...3 bottles of saki and a couple beers will do that.
My wife and I went last night (Friday night) and it was very busy inside. Almost no seats available but they seated us quickly. We had made plans to go for some time but never did until today and plus, we were very hungry. I must say that we were expecting of find something we liked. But once we got there we had some questions and found many items we would like. Needless to say, the food was MUCH better than we even expected. We shared Curry Chicken, Chicken Tacos, 2 Roti Breads, Pan Fried Chicken Dumplings, and Singapore Mei Fun. It sounds like a lot but these plates ended up being bigger than normal tapas dishes. It was more than enough food; we probably won't have to order that much next time. For dessert we had the Ginger Cheesecake and my wife got the Thai Tea which she loved. All-in-all, 5 stars, we loved it, great environment. We would highly recommend it and will be back soon and often!
Read the Yelp and The Daily City hype, smiled at the odd name, and gave it a go. Walking in you see a revamped interior- very hip. The high ceiling in the main dining room contributes to noise when it's crowded, but maybe that's the "Street Fare" vibe. Good beer selection- tho a little pricey. The varied menu is pretty neat. Lots to pick from. We tried the jicama salad (sauce was a little odd, probably just more authentic than I was expecting), papaya salad (good stuff), udon noodle duck soup (good if you like duck flavoring), south asian fish curry (excellent), steamed dumplings (nice), and curried mashed potatoes (nice). We were most impressed by the fish curry. That with a side of rice would be a nice little portion. They are just starting out so there were a few hiccups, but overall I have great hope for this concept. The staff is very nice. The menu is really fun, it makes me want to come back and try something new next time.
The food was quite good especially duck tacos....sadly service was horrendous. They brought roti out when we had finished eating everything that was supposed to go with it!... Along with no apologies.  And they weren't that busy.  Chicken wings also took about 25 min to appear at our table. A bit overrated although the aroma outside smelled delicious! Hawkers: pay up and get someone to manage your restaurant!
Great service and great food. Their menu is so diverse its hard to pick just one! Luckily their portions and prices encourage you to pick more than one dish every time you go. Hawkers is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Orlando!
Here is what you need to know about this place: Great for groups of people But also great for couples too! Great for trying new things together Inexpensive Small portions or tapas style Everything on the menu is Asian related But try to pick something from each category (what do I mean by that? (cross-post)
Great atmosphere and food! Really enjoyed this place
Such a fun and unique place! The food is excellent and I like how it comes out as it's ready, instead of all at once. You get to enjoy each dish and share it around the table. The plates are small, but you're meant to order a few different things to share. It's perfect for a date night!  I'd definitely recommend the Laksa soup- SO good! The restaurant is a little small and cramped, so I wouldn't take a big group there.
Tapas style plates. Just overall good food. A great fusion of the different Asian dishes. You can literally taste your way through Asia at this place. We love this place. My favorite dishes are the Malaysian Prawn Mee SoupYangzhou Chow Faan, and the 5 spice wings. But honestly, you can't go wrong with whatever you order. Great atmosphere, service, and ambience.
Haven't had a dish here yet that I didn't love!   Don't forget to save room for the cinnamon roti dessert...it's the best!
Amazing place. Staff could use some work but great place to eat and enjoy favorites and new dishes. Always come back for more curry laksa. The best.
Great food, great environment, and great service.  The roast duck is so good and tender and the roti canai is really good as well.  I suggest sharing a lot of small plates among a group of people so you can try as much as you can.
This has become our "go to" restaurant.  We have consistently enjoyed our food and great choices of wine.   The prices are wonderful too!
We started off with our free Yelp check-in spring rolls.  The filling was almost completely cabbage.  The roll was not uniform.  The scallions in the vinaigrette were not sliced through.  Lazy cook?  But hey it was free! Next we tried the Green Bean with Pickled Vegetables.  We were able to find one huge chunk of pickled something and 5 slivers of pickled something else.  Frankly if we didn't have the chopstick skills that we do they would have stayed on the plate because a fork was not going to pick them up.  The green beans had major temperature issues, bites ranged from cool to almost too hot.  The sauce seemed pretty much what you would get out of a jar, with maybe a bit of ginger added but my husband said he did get to bite down on a bit of lemongrass.  Lucky jerk. They were way over sauced but luckily so because they were the only thing that saved our 5 spice tofu.   As a vegetarian I eat tofu about once a week.  Tofu tastes like nothing.  Breaded tofu tastes like breaded nothing.  The 5 spice tofu tasted like rolled up balls of Wonder bread, with a little salt.  I tasted 5 fewer spices than advertised.  We drowned them in the leftover green bean glop.   Our unsweet tea and thai tea were good.   The beer menu is awesome.
Love going to Hawkers! The food is always fresh, fast and delicious! It's my favorite place to take people when they don't know what they are craving. There is absolutely something for everyone here :)
came here for the first time recently and had such an amazing experience. our server was so helpful with guiding us through the menu which was large and a little intimidating. she  helped my husband work around a food allergy and really made the experience special for us. I think her name was Kelsey? we will certainly be coming back for some more roast duck and hopefully get the same high quality of service!
So, I didn't have lunch and I had coffee for breakfast, so when I made it almost all the way to my destination in Orlando I had to stop for something to eat. I played the yelp roulette and saw something nearby and not far out of the way from where I was and gave it a shot. That, my friends, is how I found Hawkers. It has a pretty industrial minimalist vibe inside and a sort of modern Asian feel outside. I then saw that at least half of the people working would fit the typical hipster definition (not a bad thing, just a funny observation). My server was a really nice dude with a giant beard who gave me tons of suggestions since it was my first time in. He made a comment that he eats there all the time and even comes in on days he doesn't work. I was hoping it would be awesome. I went with a few different things since it was "tapas"-like. I took his suggestion and tried the roti and curry (plus an extra piece of roti). The curry sauce was pretty solid; it had a nice heat that would be suitable for the average population. I worked over the roti trying to figure out what it reminded me of. It was super thin, chewy, slightly flaky, it could be separated, but most of all, it had this oily feel and taste to it that (after some thinking) remind me of Pillsbury (or some other brand) crescents/croissants. Part of me wonders if they just roll that stuff out super thin and pan cook it. Disclaimer: I've totally deep-fried Pillsbury biscuits to make fake doughnuts because it's way faster/easier than trying from scratch. With that being said, I think it was a well-intended suggestion, but it's not really something I would do again. Next up I had a meatball skewer with some curry sauce on it. Honestly, I think it was the best thing I ordered out of the entire lot. The order came with 2 skewers of 3 small meatballs each. It too had a nice bite and the meatball was moist. I gave the duck banh mi sliders a shot too. I don't think it's really considered a slider if you took a loaf the size of a publix hoagie and cut it into 3 parts though. I feel like the concept was a bit of a fail. Why not just call it a duck banh mi (minus the slider part)? The bread was incredibly soft with no texture (far from a baguette), so it didn't even hit the mark for being classified as a banh mi. The veggies in it were fresh and crunchy, and unfortunately, the only source of texture. They went light on both the veg and the duck, but frankly, the duck that was on it still wasn't good. Very fatty pieces, chewy skin, and overall just not prepared well or in a manner suitable for a sandwich and chopsticks. There was a bit of sauce on it, but not enough to add flavor. Really, this needs to be taken off the menu. It's neither slider, nor banh mi. It still cost almost twice what my regular place charges, and only half the fillings in comparison. I tried the Pad Thai too since my favorite place in the Tampa area closed last year and I've been jonesing for a replacement. It's not bad, but it's not great. Super thankful it wasn't one of the sweet kinds, but it was lacking the complexity of flavors I'm used to finding in that dish. It did have some heat to it which I definitely appreciate though. Also, I can't put my finger on the chicken, but something was weird about the texture. This dish was middle of the road for me.   Lastly, since I checked in, I took advantage of the free summer rolls offer. They would definitely benefit from lettuce that isn't iceberg. Most of the components were there, but it wasn't quite up to par. I'm not basing any part of my rating on these guys because I didn't pay for them. All in all, the service was awesome and incredibly friendly. The seating wasn't too comfortable (definitely not somewhere I could have an extended meal experience), but it fit with the decor. I want to attribute my feelings on the food to it being catered towards trendy young people. I wouldn't find a little old Thai/Vietnamese/Korean grandma back there cooking, and overall the dishes were made more for the average American. It wasn't bad and it wasn't amazing, so I can only really give it an average rating. I'll stick with the more traditional places where I can't read the menu and point at things lest I embarrass myself with mispronunciations.
My lunch experience could have been better. I took advantage of the Yelp check-in deal with free egg rolls and also ordered the chicken stir-fry noodles and roti canai (my favorite!). I feel like it's a prerequisite of "tapas" style restaurants to serve everything on a million plates at an obscenely tiny table. I felt a bit cramped at our table and unless you put a few tables together, it feels impossible to bring a group larger than 4 to dine. The menus were sticky and I had bits of food still stuck to mine. We were also serviced by at least 4 or 5 waiters, which is great, I guess but distracting. One of them (the manager?) approached our table but didn't introduce herself. We thought she was another diner that was about to ask us what we ordered. Another waiter brought a dish we did not order to our table by mistake but then took it away to the table next to us. The food was ok, my favorite was definitely the roti canai, it was so savory and delicious. I almost wanted to eat the sauce with some shredded chicken in it all by itself! I felt like the stir fry noodles were drowning in their sauces but were still tasty, just very heavy with the sauce. I wouldn't mind going back, but maybe I'll bring someone who knows the menu better than I do.
First Visit: 28SEP2012 - This place lives up to the hype! My friend (who I later secretly found out is a regular) and I (the first timer) chose to have dinner here back in September of 2012. Let me say I have since been back several times. And almost EVERY time I pass by here, I am contemplating pulling over to b-line it inside. YES, the food is THAT good. If you LOVE Asian food you will LOVE this place. First, there are so many options to choose from (i.e. Korean, Chinese, Szechuan, noodle bowls, etc.) that there is something for everyone. And the great thing is, the prices are SO incredibly reasonable that you can try several things without breaking the bank. And if you notice a friend sneaking onto your plate, no need to stress! Think of this place as an Asian Tapas restaurant, sharing is encouraged. I must say, the service is hit and miss. The first two times I went, service was impeccable. The last two times...not so much. But keep in mind they have take-out and special events throughout the week like BYOW (Bring Your Own Wine) with no cork fee that makes up for the hit and miss service days. Like I said, if you like Asian food, you will enjoy this place. If you LOVE Asian food, BEWARE! You have the potential to be strung out on Hawkers like the rest of us. Lol!
The crazy thing about writing these reviews is that I can almost taste the food when I write about it.  Lucky for me, it's no problem at all to relive this food! Soup!!  Oh. The edamame with sesame oil is really delicious.  Had no problem getting it compliments of my yelp check in, thank you. Everything I had here has been really delicious.  I especially like that I'm able to substitute tofu to many items and make them vegetarian. It can get really crowded here, so just know that.  Parking can be tight, so I just try to carpool if possible.  I really like the coziness  of the place, and like to see who will be dining with me yelp.com/biz_photos/hawk… It's fun. Great choice for Asian!
Having lived in Singapore, I am very familiar with all the dishes on the menu at Hawkers Asian Street Fare, and some of them are even my favorite. My party order many dishes and we had a taste of all of them. There is not enough flavor nor kick to any of these dishes. However, for the Americanized version, I have to say they are delicious (for American taste, and those who do not know what to expect from these dishes). I would return when crave Singaporean food and am too lazy to cook them.
I dig this place. We came in yesterday for the first time around 3 in the afternoon, and the place was full of happy diners, good sign! Another plus is the variety in both the beer and food menus. I ordered a Juniper Pale Ale to go with our shared meal of curried meatballs (perfect appetizer), curry laska (a very good stew, and a bit spicy), duck lettuce wraps (pretty ok, but not amazing - the duck is chopped into small bits), chow fan, which is a much tastier version of fried rice than I'm used to, and an incredible, melt-in-your-mouth, pupil-dilating, crispy roast pork "siu yoke" with hoisin that I will be craving til the next time I stop by. We sat there for a good long while discussing all the romantic things we wanted to do to this dish, it was truly amazing. The only downside to the experience was some slowness in service, noticeable but not a serious flaw. The food is definitely worth going back for, and at $3 to $6 per dish, the prices are more than reasonable.
Food: 3/5. Here's why. Hawkers uses MSG, aka monosodium glutamate in all of their sauces and almost every dish. MSG is a FLAVOR ENHANCER that has been linked to ADD, Headache, Flushing, Sweating, Facial pressure or tightness, Numbness, tingling or burning in the face, neck and other areas, heart palpitations, Chest pain, Nausea, Weakness and others (via the Mayo Clinic - mayoclinic.org/healthy-l…). It is very controversial and has been outlawed in some countries. Many restaurants label their establishments as NO MSG so that people know. Not only does MSG pose health risks, but it shows that the cooks do not know how to properly flavor a dish. They utilize flavor steroids for almost every dish. Our server explained to us that they even have a SHAKER full of MSG that they sprinkle/pour onto every dish. I found out about the MSG because my mom is highly allergic (gets crippling headaches) and we asked to make sure the restaurant had none. We were in for a disappointing and shocking surprise. Other than this glaring issue, the service is good, the tapas style is good, and the beer is good. If you don't care about potential health issues and flavor disfunction, then go ahead and eat away!
This is a great Asian tapas place, menu has some misses but most items are great and worth the price. No drafts  and service can be a bit slow. The soup was good, edamame not bad, noodles were all good and the fried cod was great.
This was not my first visit to Hawkers, but before I tended to order the same things on the menu every time I went and on this particular occasion it felt like we ordered half the menu, so I thought I'd take the time to review the experience. The roti canai remains one of my favorite things on the menu (buttery bread and a slightly spicy dipping sauce) - always order it with the extra piece. The summer rolls were the best summer rolls I've ever had, though admittedly I'm relatively new to Vietnamese food. Basil fried rice was great. Pan fried potstickers weren't worth ordering when there are so many better things to choose. I liked the roast duck better than the crispy roast pork. Hawkers delight is delicious. Don't bother with the chicken skewers. Stir fry udon is quite good. The curry mashed potatoes are tasty, but are a sort of random menu item and also a large amount of potatoes. Beef lettuce wraps were enjoyable, too. I had some oolong iced tea that was mostly indistinguishable from regular unsweetened tea. I've had the Vietnamese coffee on a previous trip and liked it. We ordered some other things as well, but there was so much food on the table that I didn't try everything; it was too overwhelming. This really is a fantastic place to go with friends who are willing to be adventurous and share and swap dishes. Don't let everyone convince you it's ridiculously cheap, though...tapas can add up quickly! The staff here is also super helpful, especially when you're narrowing down the menu. There was actually a tiny mix up with one of our dishes while we were there and they brought out a complimentary plate. Very attentive and prompt service, even on a crowded Saturday night. Parking sucks, but it's worth it.
I came here expecting the hawkers stores from Malaysia and though I was disappointed it wasn't like that,  the food here is really good at a decent price. It's not somewhere to go if you're dying of hunger and want a mountain to eat, but it's a great place to go for a dinner or lunch. I would totally come back, everything tasted really good and the Three Teas dessert was amaze balls.
Wow!  Hawkers is now my favorite casual restaurant in Orlando! All the food is served tapas style (small portions) so you can share.  The food is incredibly good! The restaurant itself is very nice, bright and airy.  The staff is great. Everyone needs to check out Hawkers!
Hawkers is great!!  The food is yummy, wait staff is friendly, it's super cute, great music, great location...my husband and I love this place!!  We have tried a ton of their small plates and I have lots of favorites.  The roti canai is SOOOO yummy and my ultimate fave.  The pad thai and spicy udon are my favorite noodle dishes.  The lettuce wraps are yummy and so are the chicken wings - honey sriracha is the best (duh, sriracha).  We also have enjoyed pot stickers and egg rolls there...you really can't go wrong!!  My least favorite things we have tried were the summer rolls, duck tacos (sad face) and little pork sliders.  For future visits I really want to stick with the roti canai and noodle dishes because they are AMAZING.  The prices are cheap so you can afford to try a billion things.  They also have a great beer selection!!  It would be nice if they did cocktails, but I will stick to wine and champagne ;D.
Food and service is always great. I can't get enough of those duck tacos! Good beer selection too for my hubby.
First impression, ! Great curb appeal, clean. Dinning area has high top and low top tables. Just had the Roti Canai. Wow that was good. The flatbread is made to order. It has a nice elasticity to it and chewiness. Curry sauce has the perfect heat to it. Just enough to warm the soul. Subtle enough that you feel like mom just fed you. Also tried a spring roll. So that's what a fresh spring roll tastes like. Outstanding.   Main dish ordered - Curry Laksa A stew made of curry.  I feel like I am at home and my mom has cooked for me. The only difference is that my mother has never made curry. It's just that comforting. The bowl has bean curd & bean sprouts, shrimp, chicken, a hard egg, and noodles. The coconut curry broth was fantastic. What really made the finishing touch is they fry shallots till they are crispy, then garnish the soup with it. Gives it a crispy touch every few bites, NICE!! The prices are insanely low for what you get. I give Hawkers 2 thumbs up!
Great place, great food and great prices :)) definitely a must go !
Always great service! The pad Thai is awesome, as well as the stir fried udon. Great for big groups or on a small date :)
love Hawkers!! food is delicious (great for vegetarians) and on Wednesdays you can take your own wine and they don't charge an uncorking fee!!
This place is awesome! I would give it 5 stars, but unfortunately, it's kinda hipster-heavy, so they're a little overpriced for the portion size.  Everything I've tried so far has tasted really good, I just wish the serving sizes would be bigger at those price points. They do have a great variety of food, and I love eating there.  I love the Char Kway Teo, but I ask them to make it spicy.
I kinda love it here. Don't leave without putting some roti in your face. The curries are awesome too. I heard a rumor of a ramen burger coming soon ... bring it on, Hawkers.
Pleasantly surprised.  Found this while driving around Winter Park.  Really tasty food with small portions perfect for a group. Great service, too.  My only complaint is their laksa had a bit too much curry in it.  First time I've found good Singaporean food outside of NY.
Hawkers is just across from the Track Shack on Mills. I was intrigued to see a new restaurant in the area and decided to go a few weeks ago. The visit started out promising upon looking over their beer selection. Hawkers does present quite a selection of beer which i was very pleased by. I waited about fifteen minutes to be seated. They have a great concept on their hands and I was extremely excited about getting to eat there. Unfortunately the experience fell short of my expectations. The food seemed like it was going to be impressive from the descriptions on the menu. I had the meatballs, bulgogi bahn mi, and five spice fish. The meatballs came out and looked like grey ping pong balls. The texture of these things I can't even describe. It had the consistency of a vienna sausage but worse if that makes any sense. I moved on to the Roti which was actually pretty good. A bit over priced though for only one piece of bread. I had previously been excited about the five spice fish until it reached the table. The fish got to the table hot but looked like a fresh fried light brown fish stick. I think it might have been better but I honestly didn't taste any of the five spices they were claimed to have been tossed in. The bahn mi was served on a very nice piece of bread. I think the sandwich would have been better if the ingredients had been proportioned better. I never got a consistent bite of the sandwich. Either all meat or all salad. Over all I still believe that Hawkers has great potential and a great concept which is why it gets three stars. I will go back to try more of the menu items and give it another go.
Ridiculously nice staff even though the restaurant was extremely busy! Food was delicious and priced very well. Truly a fun, unique eating experience. Everyone needs to try this place
A great little joint with a lot of great little food! Diverse bottled beer selection and some cool sakes options as well. It's a good place for people that like to stick to "safe" options & people like are down to try a new little somethan'-somethan'. However, there wasn't anything on the menu that I found as adventurous as I was feeling...
Great food love the pad Thai!
Staff with a Gr8 attitude right from the check in to my hostess and waiters. Gr8 food always goes well. Gr8 place.
Great lunch spot-don't think I would hit it for dinner. Had the TCurried noodle soup-great portion/value/flavor. Had some Roti (roasted bread)-really good. Duck soft tacos-excellent. The place was suprisingly clean also.
Great restaurant! I've come here a few times now and I've never been disappointed. It's great for dates! You can walk in with two people and $20 and leave full and satisfied. They have a pretty decent craft beer menu and do a two for one happy hour as well. As for their menu, I highly suggest the roast duck small plate, the pad thai and the lettuce wraps!
This is a great place to go when you want a lot of food for reasonable prices. I like how you can get small plates of food to share and try a little bit of everything. No matter what you get, there is nothing bad on the menu. My favorite is the Ginger Chicken and Udon Noodles. The ginger chicken taste like it was made from fresh herbs, and delicious ginger. The udon noodles are very thick! Once you eat them you will see what I am talking about. Nevertheless, everything was very flavorful. he servers are very nice and helpful. I always enjoy talking to someone who has had quite a few things on the menu. This way if I can't quite make up my mind, their opinion can help me lol! The best time to hit this place up is in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. If you come on Friday and Saturday, the line will be out the door. What can I say? Some good things are always worth waiting for ;o)
My husband and I were craving for Asian food while staying in Orlando. We found this restaurant from yelp, not far away from downtown. The design of this restaurant is different with others. Their customer service is great, and food are awesome!!! Love the Atmosphere!!
Pretty awesome place. Leo and the crew rock...the food is fresh and flavorful. Being Chinese with an Indian wife...and coming from Miami, we can definitely appreciate both the fusion and tapas style. Will be back...and so should u!
Asian Tapas who knew?  Hawkers did and I am a really big fan.  I liked everything we tried, but my favorites were the crispy pork belly, fish filet with bean sauce, Korean Beef Bulgogi  lettuce wraps and udon. I know that sounds like way to much food, but it is small plates meant to be shared.  We had the Roti Canai, it was good, but I need something to sop it up with.  We received free spring rolls with our Yelp check in and they were typical spring rolls. They have a great beer section. I am a hop head, and they have a great IPA selection.  In would have like to try dessert but I was stuffed.  I can't wait to come back for the pork belly and to try to items.  I almost forgot the prices are very reasonable..
I like going here because I'm having a love affair with the summer rolls and the peanut sauce that comes with it. They have a great beer selection and even a vegan can find something they can eat/like on their menu. The small plates make it perfect for different appetite sizes (I will tend to get one or two small things, my fiance will get two big things). Drawbacks: 1) I'm not a fan of their 5-spice seasoning because for me it's overwhelmingly cinnamon-y and it seems that it's on a lot of the dishes (I could be remembering wrong but I think they said it couldn't be taken off those dishes). 2) Their tofu is too soft a texture for the dish they are using it for, so it breaks apart, and they obviously don't drain the tofu water because it doesn't absorb any of the sauce it came in. That made the tofu really bland. 3) Although it doesn't happen all the time, when they get very busy, I've had some waiters forget parts of my order and the one time I asked where my one dish was, they said I never ordered it (my two friends confirmed that I had ordered it). I still gave it 4 stars because of the great atmosphere, beer selection, the generally friendly/happy staff, and that one dish I can't get enough of!
Great food service and beer. Very impressed. Would come again
The best part of eating at a tapas bar is the ability to try a variety of menu items without having to commit to one dish for the entire meal.  The problem is, when you find something you love the plate is never big enough! Hawkers Mills 50Hawkers Street Asian Fare is called a tapas bar by many people.  The term "tapas" is a Spanish term meaning "cover" - I have read many conflicting terms as to how "cover" has come to mean small plates of food but I can tell you the term has expanded well beyond the Spanish.  Hawkers is legitimate straight-up Asian street fare.  A "Hawker" is a person who sells goods on the street out of carts, a term used mostly in Asian countries. We ordered a lot of plates.  Again, the plates were small enough to sample a wide selection of the menu, but large enough to share.   Spring RollsThe food comes out of the kitchen as it is ready so nothing is sitting under a heat lamp in the kitchen waiting for the full order to be complete before serving.  The first thing we got were the spring rolls (which are free if you check in with Yelp!)  We got two spring rolls filled with shredded veggies like cabbage and carrots.  They were crispy and light.  On the side was a Vietnamese Vinaigrette which in my opinion was flavorless. Papapya Mix SaladNext up, we got the Papaya Mix- a salad made with shredded green papaya, carrots, basil, shallots and peanuts served with the same Vietnamese Vinaigrette that accompanied the spring rolls.  I liked the salad- it was crispy and refreshing but Chad found it to be bland.  The bitter buttery flavor of the papaya mixed well with the peanuts and shallots.  Again, the vinaigrette didn't add much flavor to the dish and the papaya mix was better on its own anyway. Basil Fried RiceChad ordered the basil fried rice (we can't go anywhere Asian without him ordering fried rice.)  We both liked this a lot.  At an ordinary glance it looked just like any other fried rice you would order anywhere but after one bite and a big taste of the infused basil, one realizes this is no ordinary fried rice.  Delicious. Fish Fillet with Black Bean SaucePerhaps my most favorite dish was the Fish Fillet with Black Bean Sauce which was recommended by our server.  Huge pieces of cod, onions and peppers smothered in a "sweet and savory" black bean sauce.  The sauce was so good I was trying to get every last little drop of sauce.  If I could have picked up the plate and licked it without getting weird looks from other patrons, I would have. Throughout the menu there are a few items with Five Spice.  Five Spice is a mix of spices used in many Asian dishes and contains star anise, cloves, cinnamon, Sichuan pepper and fennel.  I have used it in my own cooking and the flavor is unbelievable.  Five Spice Fried TofuSo I was very disappointed when I ordered the Five Spice Fried Tofu.  There was no flavor.  None.  No Five Spice, not even a sauce to dip them in.  I asked for a sauce I could use and was given a Thai Chili Sauce which was delicious and spicy- but unfortunately could not save the tofu dish.  Upon learning of our disappointment in the dish, our server had it removed from the bill which was very nice of them as we never asked or expected them to. Five Spice Fish TacosWe also ordered the Five Spice fish tacos.  They were good.  Small pieces of fish served with  a tomato-onion salsa.  They had flavor, but not the Five spice flavor I expected.   They were better when we added the Thai Chili Sauce to them.  We would probably not order them again though. Curry Mashed PotatoesLastly, we had an order of the curried mashed potatoes.  The mashed potatoes are obviously made in house- HUGE chucks of skin-on potatoes topped with a spicy brown curry sauce.  Another dish I would lick clean if I could. Hawkers Asian Street Fare foodWe ate everything we ordered- minus the tofu.  The service was very good besides the fact that she had a lot of tables she Empty Platesseemed to be taking care of by herself.  There were other employees and who I think was the owner delivering the food so we were never left waiting for anything.  The place was pretty crowded for 3pm on a Thursday.  That says a lot when your restaurant is almost full during what is traditionally the slowest time of the day for restaurants. Despite the fact we had a few disappointing items,  the things we loved were pretty amazing- enough for us to forgive flavorless tofu and wimpy tacos. You can tell by our empty plates we weren't too disappointed!  I know we will be back very soon.
This place is good. Asian Tapas.. not sure what you would call that. Great beer selection, great menu, good service.... its a fun place to go with some friends and share a little bit of everything!
My wife and I went there with our daughter yesterday and had a nice experience with the food for the most part. The decor, suitable, the seats, ok but not great. I like the interior but think the bar is in an odd place at the front of the restaurant, at the front door really. We ordered the cod, the five spice fish tacos, the roti and lemongrass chicken skewers along with the basil fried rice and my wife ordered a suggested item off the menu which name has escaped me. She loved it! Overall, I feel the roti was the dish lacking value...and the skewers were over salted. The rest of our plates were very tasty and seemed on spot as far as value. I guess if one can afford a tapas take on things, it's a great spot, if not...then Hawker's is limiting their audience a bit. We wanted to try more, but had to reel in the desires to stay somewhat on budget...we spent $46.00 for a lunch out...a bit more than we felt good about. Will likely go back, but would like to try the bar next time...that beer selection looked mighty nice~
So good!  Wide selection to choose from. I recommend trying the grilled chicken wings. They are to die for!  The menu is a bit complicated. Give it a good study before you order. The building itself is different and fun. You may need to wait a while for a table at night. I was intimidated by the parking lot so I parked on a side street and it wasn't a problem. They give you a warning that the portions are small and to order more food to share.  I didn't find this to be true. One order of stir fry noodles was more than enough for me. You really can't beat the price.  This place couldn't get any better if they tried.
Wow! One of the worst Asian dining experiences of my life to be honest. I came with company. First, the ambiance. When we were seated out in the patio, there was no lighting. There was a huge umbrella over our table and at 8:30 pm. We had to use our phone flashlights just to see the menu! Knowing we were struggling with lighting outside, our waitress did not offer to help until we asked.  Next, service. Slow. Our waitress slow and did not put down any utensils and plates. When she asked for our drink order, she made fun of my friend for being tired calling him Sleepy. Unprofessional, right?!  Lastly, the food. Terrible. Was msg in everything?! I think so because my friend has to use the restroom LOLOL.  Everything was Americanized. A spring roll there was fried, which is traditionally not. A vietnamese spring roll there was the summer roll. The egg roll, which supposedly came with chicken had nothing but cabbage. I felt cheated.  WOULD NOT COME BACK IF I WAS PAID.
Great service, great food, great location and a great beer selection and happy hour. Did I say how great this place is. Bye bye Pei Wei...hello Hawkers!
Great atmosphere and the hostess was so nice and really do their best to accommodate everyone. We came at 6:30PM on Friday and it was packed. Luckily we could get a beer at the bar because the wait was almost an hour. This place knows how to crank out the food (as all good Asian places do), but the portions are smallish and Americanized. If you want real Roti Canai - go to Penang in Boston or a more authentic Malaysian restaurant. If you want Papaya salad that has more flavor, then go to a Vietnamese/Laotian restaurant. I did really enjoy the dumplings as they were made of real meat (which is odd to say, but you could totally tell). Anyway, overall we had a good time, but this is place is no where close to true authentic "Asian Street food" especially if you've traveled to NY, Boston, SF, Toronto, or China/Malaysia/SE Asia.
If you are in the 17-92/Colonial area and are wanting something a bit different, then Hawkers Asian Street Fare is the place for you! I happened to pass this place on my way home from the Bob Carr and made a mental note to try it...and today was the perfect day.  Out running mindless errands, and in need of sustenance, the Hubs and I decided to check it out. The building does not stand out (gray/tall) and the parking is limited (small lot to the side and 3 curb side in front) but the inside is very modern. Aluminum paneling, white modern chairs, both low and high top tables and a well lit bar area.  The hostess sat us immediately (even though they were quite busy around noon) and within seconds the waiter came to take our drink order. I'm one that likes to look over a menu (if possible) before going to a place, so I had been planning some of my choices for a few days.  I was a bit disappointed when they did not have the Chrysanthemum Tea I had been wanting.  I settled on a cup of Oolong, served hot with lemon, and it was quite good. The menu is tri-fold and goes from left to right appies/small plates, to noodles/rice/soups and then original dishes.  We knew we wanted to sample several things so it was small plates for us.  We decided on what we wanted and when our waiter made some recommendations, I couldn't help but laugh as we were only ordering one of the recommended dishes.   For our tasting we had Curry Meatballs, Roti Canai, Crispy Roast Pork Belly, Stir Fried Green Beans with Pickled Vegetables, Bok Choy and the Bulgogi Beef Banh Mi Sliders.  They recommend 5 small plates for 2 people. The food comes out in stages, so you aren't hit with 6 dishes all at once.  We started with the Meatballs and the Fried  Roast Pork Belly.  I wasn't a fan of the meat balls.  They were dry and rather bland, the curry sauce was quite tasty though.  If you made a point to drag a meatball through the sauce it was quite good.  The Fried Roast Pork Belly was DELISH.  Perfectly crisped, served with hoisin dipping sauce it was amazing.  The sweet and salty sauce helped to cut through the fat of the pork and the pieces were the perfect bite size.  The Roti Cani is one of their house specials.  It is served with one piece of the most amazing flat bread I've ever had so we ordered a second piece.  The sauce is a spicy curry that I could have sucked down with a straw.  The green beans were also wonderful.  The perfect al dente with a sweet sauce and pickled veggies mixed in.  The Slider is an odd name for the dish.  It's more of a banh mi sandwich that they then cut into thirds to give you multiple "sliders".  But the taste was fantastic.  The beef was perfectly marinated, the pickled veggies crisp and sweet and sour, the butter on the bread was creamy and the bread itself was moist on the inside and crusty on the outside.  I could have easily had that as a meal.  The Bok Choy was just not appealing to me.  I usually love it at the buffet's all wilted and drenched in butter and soy but this was not like that.  They quarter the bok choy and then steam it and cover it with an oyster sauce and add shitake mushrooms.  I was immediately put off by the mushroom.  When I bit into it was spongy and watery and just not good.  The cabbage was still firm and the sauce didn't stick to it well so it was ultimately rather bland.   The prices for each dish vary.  For the two of us for 6 small plates and two drinks it was $35.  Not too bad, and it was quite filling.  I gave the place 3 stars because I couldn't get 3.5  It was better than "A-Ok" but not quite "I'm a Fan".  If I were in the area and hungry I would definitely go back as I want to try some of their noodle dishes and I've heard amazing things about their mango sticky rice dessert...and of course, there's always that crispy fried pork belly! PROs: -lots of variety -fast attentive service -crispy fried roast pork belly -different style/menu/not a chain CONs: -parking -bok choy
Great food and service. The Roti Canai and Crispy Roast Pork were two of my favorites. Looking forward to going back and trying several other items.
I went to Hawkers for a date recently and I was fairly impressed with the food! We tried several things, but my favorite (by far) was the duck bánh mì sandwich. The bánh mì was the closest that I've had to New York style Vietnamese since moving to Florida. We also had the roti, spring rolls, and a curry. The rest of the food was good and the drinks weren't expensive. I'll definitely go back!
Got my favorite... Stir fry udon. This is a great restraint with an amazing variety of delicious global foods.
pretty good. i love their concept of asian tapas.
This is a fun place with many tasty items on the menu. Great atmosphere. Fun for a group.
Hawker's is very nicely decorated and offers a nice selection of food.  I understand that everything on the menu is tapa's style but it can get very expensive very fast.  The portion sizes are modest and the food is tasty.  I just wish there was a little more on the plate then what they give you. Another thing that threw me off about the restaurant was the amount of workers that were standing behind the bar.  At one time it seemed that there were more employees in the place then there were workers.   Overall, the Hawkers is an interesting concept and I hope they continue to improve.
My wife and I went to this restaurant today for dinner and ordered two curry laksa. When the order came the chicken in both bowls were ice cold. It was absolutely unacceptable. The hostess was unfriendly about it and seemed annoyed by us. She was sulking the whole time like it was our fault. Our server was very nice however and was smiling as she apologized and offered to take care of the bill.
Went here for the first time today for lunch with a friend, was blown away! The food was fantastic, I was so tempted to order half the menu. The food we did end up ordering was cooked to perfection. Highly recommend the Thai Tea to compliment any meal. The service was wonderful, our waitress was readily available every time we needed something and all the other employees were cheerful as well. A+++ experience, definitely will be stopping by again!
Five stars for great service, variety of the menu, and general deliciousness of the food! You must try the roti canai.  And bring friends! Warning: like all tapas places, you can rack up a bill really quickly since the prices all look so small individually.  The first time we went, we went a little bit crazy.  I still recommend trying lots of stuff -- just keep a running total in your head.
The best, best asian street food I have had in a long, long time. And I have had plenty. Try the pot-stickers, but I would recommend the banh-mi chicken satay sandwiches and the roti canai.
Love this place. Eric is one of the managers and his attention to detail is refreshing. Love how they accept my special requests from my special diet. Very fresh cooked to order! Only negative is parking is very limited.
Atmosphere? Check! Then they hit you w/ these amazing small plates & you're done. You're now a fan. I guarantee you. Try the Beef lo main & duck lettuce wraps. You can't go wrong. Leo, our server, gave us great recommendations. He knew what he was talking about. Service was quick too. A must-try!
Just went here tonight and really liked it. They had great beer and the food was really good. I had the duck sliders which were awesome and the pot stickers which were really good. Definitely try this place, you'll like it.
I've been eating at Hawkers regularly since discovering it in September of this year (2013). When the Ramen Burger craze hit LA and New York I scoured the internet for a place in Florida that could fulfill my craving. Hawkers happened to be the only place advertising in the South East US, and was within three miles of my house. I stopped into their oriental-chic Orlando location (which dons two stone Guardian Lions at the entrance) and ordered two Ramen Burgers with extra sriracha - one for the road, and one for my abode. Service was positive, attentive, and quick. The staff is really cool - I advise actually chatting with them, they're not the typical bunch of servers - smart cookies. I received my two boxes rather quickly. I opened the take first take out box while sitting in my car and was amazed at the size of the burger - this was a legit burger - 8 oz of meat, I expected something smaller. I lifted this delicacy to my mouth while reversing out of the parking lot, bit down on a crunchy buttery ramen bun and into the fresh greens, spicy sriracha, and juicy meat...oh man. I stopped the car, and looked down at this crunchy, soft, explosion of flavor I held in my hand. This my friends is love at first bite. I quickly wolfed my first burger down in the parking lot, and raced home to eat the second one in front of my friends (who all ended up at Hawkers the next day to return the the favor by sending me snapchats of wonderful Ramen burgers and Roti Canai). The Ramen Burger is no longer available (for now) seeing as it was a seasonal item, but I made sure to stop by a few more times that week to get my fill. I'm in it for the long hall as a Hawkers fan. I've stopped by a few times this last two weeks alone. The Roti Canai is now my third strongest craving (behind TCHO chocolate, and Lineage coffee). I get it every time I come, and make sure that if I have friends/family with me I get a few extra pieces of the roti bread. I also am a big fan of their tea selection, though I more often than not get an iced Vietnamese Coffee because Hawkers has the best in town (Orlando has more than a few good Vietnamese spots, so this is a high compliment). The Bahn Mi sliders are a great dish to fill up on, and the Kimchi rice bowl never fails to deliver as a hearty meal too. This brings me to my favorite thing about Hawkers - the portion sizes are dead on every time. I go to great restaurants in town 3 to 4 nights a week, and get pretty sad when I get stiffed on portions - it happens at even the best restaurants, but I've yet to experience it here. Also, the beer selection is extensive. The wine too. You won't find that at any asian restaurants in town - in fact, half the beer list is quality craft beers you won't find anywhere except redlight redlight or imperial. Few restaurants with grub this good can deliver such a high quality list of brews too.
I Loooove this place.  Great food excellent service.  Highly recommended.
Fast,fresh and unique! Loved the tapas feel but the dishes are a tad larger than say Cafe Tu to Tango. Value is there for sure. The decor seemed a bit like Chipotle with all the metal on the walls and the sound levels during dinner were deafening at points. Aside from that I managed to make it back three times in one week. From the 15 menu items I have tried nothing was bad. The vegetarian fare is wonderful as well for those who care.
Came on a date with someone at there recommendation.  Found the food to be delicious, but a little pricy for some of the servings.  It seemed to be over priced asian tapas.  Server was super nice and knew the menu back and forth.  Very attentive and helped to select great items.  I'd go back and give it another go...but probably just for a special occasion.  Split down the middle it was still $25 each for five small plates and that was still with only one beer.
This place has a chill vibe, a good variety of Asian dishes, and my favorite - lots of tapas options.  I'm a big, "Oh, that looks good, I should have tried that," kind of girl, and tapas helps alleviate my order envy a bit.  I only wish some of the noodle dishes had a "tapas size" option, but overall I can't complain.  Everything was great except the bok choy - it was overcooked.  Then again, we were there at the end of the night... so maybe we just got the bottom of the pot.  For drinkers it's wine, beer, hard cider and sake only, and the night I was there they were out of Pinot Grigio (oh, the shame and horror...)  Overall I'd definitely recommend it.  Good for groups, first dates, or just a chill night out.  Do yourself a favor and pop up the street to Bart when you're done for a beer and free arcade games!
my foodophile friend in orlando always has great suggestions when i visit, and this was one.  the very concept is cool:  popular asian street food made in a restaurant instead, served on small plates by a great staff.  i don't remember what we ate, but i remember that it was all delicious and hit the spot.  i look forward to going back to this restaurant again and again when i visit my friend.
Great place to go and meet friends for drinks. They have a large selection of beers from around the country to choose from. Lots of food designed to share. This is a fusion type Asian-American food restaurant. It is not trying to be authentic Asian food but uniquely its own blend which does very well. You do have to be careful as the portions tend to be small (for sharing and ordering many different items) but this can lead to a large bill quickly. The service can be slow at times but tell me a place that doesn't struggle with this. I gave it 4 stars because the food is good but lost a star for the service. Please remember this is not a restaurant claiming to be or trying to be authentic Asian food. It is their unique interpretation of Asian street food.
Advertised as "an Asian gastropub", I got excited when I saw this place open up near my home.  Partly because it sounds fun and also because I get so tired of the excess hype over Ravenous Pig. Interior decor inspired by Chipotle; corrugated steel on the walls, bare concrete floors and extremely noisy because of echoes.  Terrible acoustics.  There was one table outside but it wasn't clear if sitting there was an option. I tried 5 dishes: 1 was very good (breaded fried Cod with ginger sauce), 2 I might have again (kale, fish tacos), 1 was okay (crispy fried green beans -- tasted like an Asian supermarket smells) and 1 was disgusting (beef stew -- beef was mostly inedible gobs of fat and the white starchy things tasted literally rotten). I would have tried Beef Bulgogi but they "didn't have any yet". Pretty good beer selection; about a couple dozen microbrews.  Though they were out of the brown ale I asked for first. So out of 7 items ordered, they were out of 2.  Hoping that's a startup problem and they organize better. Wait staff was friendly and mostly prompt even though it seemed really busy. Prices are high for the portion sizes, but no worse than Taste or Tutu Tango; tapas places always seem overpriced to me. Maybe I'll return, but I'm in no rush.
One of my favorites for lunch. He food is always fresh and flavorful. Service can be very slow and sporadic at times which wold normally really irritate me but the food has made up for it...so far.
It all started out with a conversation with a school friend of mine who lives in the area. We both went to school together in Singapore and after his recent trip there he said you can't get good Singaporean food around here... After much browsing on Yelp! I came across this place with a ton of reviews and pictures. There's not much I can add here compared to the other reviews other than some corrections of haters. The food is excellent for what you would get on the other side of the planet of its origin so keep your trap shut on spice and so on. There was enough spice. I just kept on ordering dish after dish since the small plates are a perfect size. On to the service... I think they should charge for this since it's so amazing! I haven't seen this level of pleasantness outside of bonus day  in early '08!! Brooke was our server and she was fantastic (thank you again). Thanks also to the manager who came over and made sure everything was to our liking, well YUH! For all those Angel Inventors and VC guys, I'm putting it out there, make this a national chain and you will rake it in! Maybe I will get in touch with the owners... I can't wait to go back and pig out again! Oh, great wine and beer list btw.
Looooove the Curry Laksa! It's addictive! And so is the Roti. Everything is delicious. I'm always wanting to try something new every time I come to Hawkers.
been there two times. Both times, it was TOO SALTY, and the food tastes no more fresh than that of a T.G.I. Friday's type joint. It's too bad, because "Asian Street Food" is an idea whose time is long overdue here in Central Florida.  This kind of place could be really great, but not with this kind of food.
Soooo... This is tough... We were looking outside our area for a good place to have Asian cuisine. We decided to look on yelp for reviews. We were literally salivating from other yelpers reviews. Happy to try a place that appeared to have great food. Sadly, we were disappointed. When the hubby and I saw the variety of different cultural experiences we thought yay we found it... Nope... So here's the rating.. 1. The first star, the service was pretty good. Not great but not horrible. We tried getting service on several occasions, not very attentive. It was more of employee interaction than customer interaction. 2. The fried green beans were awesome. 3. The Roti was great too.. Hence three stars... Now to the not so great... 1. Upon arrival we immediately were disappointed. During our wait to be seated, we reviewed the menu. We knew going into this that it was going to be similar to a major restaurant chain like ** changs. Yet the aura smelled pretty good. 2. We ordered a variety of ethnic cuisine however it was very Americanized. If you put Vietnamese sandwiches, or sliders as you call them, then prepare it somewhat to the authentic style. None of the veggies were pickled. However the amount of duck was substantial. 3. Your bulgolgi was far from authentic, not even Asian fusion. We ordered the lettuce wrapped with bulgolgi and it was a complete failure. Horrible... 4. Your curry potatoes were nothing more than smashed potatoes with curry plopped on top. Dreadful. 5. The spring rolls were plopped together like leftover junk. However the peanut dipping was pretty good. We wouldn't run to or recommend this place to anyone...However, on the plus side we discovered an area that has the potential to locate a great dining experience. We found "china town" in Orlando. Soooo I'm certain we will find the restaurant(s) we are looking for. It's just not yours.
Don't expect to get seated immediately specially on a Friday or Saturday evening . However, the short wait is worth it as they offer many dishes that are amazing. The service is quick , consistent  and friendly.
Delish!  We had a wonderful casual lunch.  It is great food at great prices.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  We had our 2yr old with us and the staff was awesome with her.  I love the concept of small plates.  Just means you get to try more.   We will definately be back.  This is definately my new favorite.
Super busy, extremely good. I guess you would call this kind of a tapas style sort of pan-asian place. The food is good, and the prices are middle of the road. Verdict: Recommend it!
My boyfriend and I tried Hawkers for the first time last night.  We had driven by it so many times that we were curious so stopped in for dinner and were pleasantly surprised.  We were seated and our drink orders were taken promptly after giving us a quick rundown of all the beverage options they have (including over 100 types of beer).   We ordered the Roti Canai which was recommended by our awesome server and he was right, it was delicious with or without the sauce.  We ordered two noodle dishes - the Curry Laksa which had a great complexity to the broth - spicy and rich, I slurped every delicious bit of it down!  We also had the Stir Fry Udon which was flavored very well.   I love fish tacos so I had to try the 5 Spice Fish Tacos - I know I tasted a hint of cinnamon and strangely enough it totally worked in this dish with their homemade pico de gallo.  I want to go back and try the 5 Spice Calamari next time! After we ate our bowls, tacos and roti, we were full but craving more since every bit had been so unexpectedly tasty.  Our server recommended the Bulgolgi Beef Sliders which as other reviewers stated aren't traditional sliders but we personally loved them even more.  The beef was tender and well marinated but it totally came together with the texture and crunchiness of the cucumber, carrot, cilantro and herb white sauce - fabulous!   My sweet tooth always get the best of me - but the Cinnamon Roti dessert is a must and what a perfect ending to such a quality meal.   We'll definitely be back very soon to try some of the other items people recommended!
The food and service is always excellent.  Hawkers Fare has become one of my favorite places.
This place is amazing! I have never had anything I did not LOVE!!! The duck tacos are a must. Their duck is so good we normally get the duck appetizer and the duck tacos. Try the Roti, its that good. Their soups are super good!The prawn mee is great! The service is always fantastic. The first time I when there, it was so good..I went back 2 days later. And when my dad came in town a few days later, I took him. This is a MUST GO!
Today was the day for my first trip to Hawkers. I was expecting great things, and Hawkers definitely did not disappoint. Just seconds after my friend and I entered, we were greeted and sat at a table at the far end of the restaurant. Our server, Gwen, was very helpful, attentive, polite and knowledgeable about the menu. (And Jeff, you were right about the attractive female employees - Gwen is very pretty!) Gwen answered some questions we had about the menu and even made some recommendations, several of which we took her up on. My friend and I each ordered 4 items and shared much of it: my friend ordered the fried green beans, the duck tacos, the South Asian curry and the roti canai, and I ordered the five-spice tofu, curry mashed potatoes, the Char Kway Teo and the vegetarian spring rolls. I tried a little bit of everything except for the duck, since I've never had duck and am not sure I ever want to. Everything was excellent! I'm definitely going to be making another trip here sometime - soon, hopefully - to try some more menu items. My friend seemed to enjoy everything she ordered, especially the roti canai. (We even ordered a 2nd one after the first one was gone.) My spring rolls were great, the curry mashed potatoes were equally as great, the Char Kway Teo was even better than I was expecting (and it's a large portion, as I couldn't even finish it) and the tofu also was delicious and unique. I don't know a lot about curry, except for that I like it; the curry here is very good and has the perfect mixture of spices and flavor. Our total came to just short of $40, but for 8 different menu items, an additional roti canai and my friend's soda (I had a water), that's fair. As several reviewers have already pointed out, none, if any, of the menu items have a price of more than $6, and many are less than that. The spring rolls (2 of them in an order), roti canai and mashed potatoes were $3 apiece, the duck tacos were $5, the five-spice tofu is $4 and the green beans were $4.50. So, you can definitely try a little of everything here and not pay a lot for any one given choice. I definitely can recommend everything that we were served (save for the duck, since I didn't try it), especially the roti canai (it's a very light and buttery flatbread - delicious!), the fried green beans, the tofu (which is served cut into tiny cubes and has a spice similar to, if not the same as, that of the green beans) and the Char Kway Teo (I agree with Jeff - this is a must-try!). The service is very friendly, the prices seem fair and the restaurant has a cool atmosphere and design. (Krista P. is right; it's reminiscent of the inside of a Chipotle, though I think Hawkers is much more cool.) I will definitely be back here in the future and hope most Yelpers who are thinking about checking this place out will do so. The restaurant was quiet today, though I hope that's only because it was so nice outside. Hopefully it'll experience continued success and these reviews will attract some business!
I don't get it.  Tried the calamari.  It was ok.  I have yet to taste calamari close to what they serve at Viet Thai.  As far as Asian food- I was confused- I had the Curry Laksa and ordered it extra spicy- not only was it not spicy it was simply salty and it was more like chicken soup with some stuff added in.  I will stick with Thai House or Pho Vinh next time.
I always enjoy going to this place. The atmosphere is casual and artsy and the food is pretty good. It's a good place to grab a meal with your family or friends and its wallet friendly. They definitely give you exactly what they advertise, good Asian fusion street food. It's not exactly traditional but still good nonetheless. The service is also pretty great.
Amazing.  Great asian food.  Great Prices.  Great beer selection. I had the Pad Thai.  The Crspy Coconut Curry Shrimp. And the Jicama Salad.   All of it was delicious.  It made me want more.  SERIOUSLY, i was going to order more Pad Thai...in the end, I didn't because i was sooo full, but you can ask Colleen B. or Jessica R.  WE WANTED MORE :-) Great addition to the city of Orlando.  I love you Hawkers and I will be back soon for more.
a more fun with a group of friends...  let everybody order somethings and then let everybody grab a little bit of everything.  one of the few places in Orlando I think I can safely say I've tried the entire menu and I've only been a handfull of times
Second time into Hawkers and love the food. My server, Page, was so attentive and friendly. She helped with pointing out Gluten free options. She was friendly and wanted to be sure my experience was satisfying and positive. She endorsed the menu with her Malaysian authenticity.
This is a new favorite.  I just got back from Singapore and the "hawking" going on here is not that far off!  I did their take out and if you are within 10 mins it's fine (I am 8 mins away), otherwise it doesn't work.  But you could dine in!?  Friendly and efficient staff always.  I'm a big fan!
This place is awesome.  I have recommended this restaurant to all my friends and no one has been disappointed.  They are addicted to the food like I am.  It is rated Best Chinese Food in Orlando but it is so much more then your run of the mill Chinese food.
Looking for a place to try street food from all Asian cultures? Look no further. This place has it all... Malaysian, Cantonese, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, etc. What makes it better is the tapas concept that makes it easy to share with a group of friends. Because my dad grew up in Malaysia, Malaysian food has a special place in my heart and had to try a few dishes. It's also rare to find a place in Florida that serves Malaysian food. We went with Roti Canai, Mee Goreng and Char Kway Teow. Roti Canai is a Malaysian favorite of Indonesian-style pita bread (roti) and curry. The curry was really flavorful but the roti seemed a little too thin. The Mee Goreng and Char Kway Teow are traditional Malaysian stir-fried noodle dishes which were okay, but under-seasoned so it was slightly disappointing. My friends and I ordered a couple other things -- Cantonese Beef Stew and Siu Yok (Crispy Roast Pork). The Siu Yok was, by far, my favorite of all the dishes I tried. It was like bacon on steroids. SO GOOD. We finished off the meal with Mango Sticky Rice which was a great way to end the meal. It wasn't too sweet and the Mango sherbet was a refreshing palette cleanser. Overall, the food is pretty good and the service was great. The food came out really quickly. I love the concept and the laid-back vibe of the restaurant. Although it's not a super large place in terms of space, it's still a good place for a small get-together.
Tastes almost the same like in Singapore. All of the waitresses are very friendly. They have durian cake too!
good food, good price, timely service weird how ordered items arrive as made, not in the usual "here's everybody's food," but it always arrives hot! service is okay.  I feel the staff could be more personable
Creative concept, great service, unique Asian cuisine!  We ordered 5 items - summer rolls (refreshing), a Malaysian noodle dish called Char Kway Teo (Tasty!), roast duck tacos (alright), Malaysian bread & curry dip (DELISH!!) called Roti Canai, & Mango with sticky rice for dessert (yum!!).  Can't wait to return to try some other menu items! ;)
Oh this is my favorite Asian place to eat!! Dim Sum style eating with micro brews. This is not your typical Chinese take out stuff. There is a mix of different Asian cuisines from Thai to Philippines, Japanese to Malaysia. the food here is outstanding and the service is excellent. the place itself is very clean.  My only gripe is the parking. on a busy night, it can be tough to find a parking spot.
We are traveling from Charlotte NC to visit Universal Studios. Found Hawkers on Yelp mobile app when we were about 50 miles from our destination. What a great find! Loved it so much we drove back there after a full day at Universal Studios the next day. Might stop there for lunch before heading back to Charlotte, NC. We were starving both evenings (long car ride to FL & long day at US). Both tab were $75 for a family of 4.....very very reasonable considering the amount of food we ordered. We ordered alot of food. The dishes are small in portion which is great for trying a variety of dishes. Their Pad Thai is authentic and wonderful! I would prefer the noodles to be a bit firmer though. The Malaysian shrimp soup was so yummy that I ordered it again the next day. Chicken wings were better the first night. 2nd time it was a bit over cooked. The candied ginger cheese cake with almond crust is worth trying. Lots of variety. We had to wait for a table both nights but wasn't too bad. It was expected since the food is so good! There is outside seating but it was too cold on the nights we were there.
Friends first told me about hawkers a couple months ago and I was intrigued.  having dined there a few times, I'm ready to write my review.   It's an interesting little place.  They pack them in, but the outside patio is roomy.  The beer list is HUGE, I mean crazy big! The menu, isn't much smaller, with what appeared to be at least 50 items.  What I really liked about the place is the way the food is served and priced.  Small plates are great.  Everybody orders one or two things and you pass them around the table.   Here were the hits, and there were plenty.  The crispy roast pork was delicious and crisp.  The "roti canai" malaysian flatbeads are simply addicting.  Both the green papaya and jicama salads were crisp and refreshing.  My personal favorite item is the udon.  Wow!  What a dish, and a steal at $6.50.   The only complaint I've had is the roast duck.  I've ordered it on two occasions, and the first time it was wonderful with a crisp skin.  The second time was good, but the skin was soft and flabby, never a good thing. All in all, I'm  big fan of Hawkers, and I'll be back, with friends!  :-)
Ok so I'll start with saying that I love this place.  It's my favorite combination of tasty and cheap.   So here are the pros and cons.... Pros:  The decor is simple and clean.  They have a small outside seating area for nice days.  There's also about 6 chairs at the bar if you're not feeling a table.  Great beer selection.  Free spring rolls when you check in on Yelp!  Orange slices in the water, yum!  Small platters that are cheap make it nice for sharing and sampling new items.  They have a tofu choice for many of the dishes.   Cons:  Don't expect swift service. That's it, that's the only negative I can think of.   Overall, Hawkers is a great choice for an afforable meal that pleases the taste buds!
great food, ambiance and prices. cant go wrong.
I LOVE this place!!! Their curries are delish, the food comes out super fast and the place has great atmosphere! I've pretty much tried most things on the menu and it's all yummy... I've only two things that I didn't like on the menu and were the hawkers tacos and papaya If I could give a 4.5 I would but between a 4  or 5 I would def go up!!!!
Wanted to love it, but it is a shadow of the real thing... Roti canai: not as good as in Singapore Curry laksa: just average, lacking something Lo mein: good, not great Banh mi with Bulgogi: very good, we ate all of it Roasted duck: good flavor and texture, but nowhere near the best duck we've ever had Average Asian food, but I suppose it's good for the area. We may return here on vacation if we can't find another Asian place
Here's why we love it:  Interesting and fairly vast menu selections, including traditional and unusual Chinese dishes, plus yummy curries. Small plates are my favorite new trend but have never seen them in Orlando at an Asian restaurant before. If you have a small appetite, one dish can be enough, two maybe with leftovers to go, and three with another meal to go. The soups are huge portions. We loved the duck udon noodle soup. Amazingly fresh ingredients, a fair amount of meat even including some crispy (yes, crispy) skin, and the soup was not too loaded with salt (as it the case with most Asian restaurant soups.)  We also ordered 2 chicken curries (took one home), chicken rolls, and a slice grilled pork dish with 2 deliciously spices sauces. (They'll ask which sauces you'd like to try.) This restaurant has been open only a short time, but already the place was full by 7:00 p.m. on Saturday night. Fortunately, we live downtown and can visit any night of the week. Can't wait to go back. Now I'm off to have leftover curry and duck soup for lunch today. Yum!
Its been awhile since we have visited. There have bern so many new places to try.  But hand down,  hawkers is the best flavor value for your $.   And you can feast under $30 for two. Two things we really enjoyed tonight were the crispy pork belly. Perfectly crisp and seasoned!  A must to have as a pairing is the Chinese kale. Ask for light oil.  It was a perfect balance.   Ying, our waitress, was attentive and friendly.  For a busy restaurant (full house tonight), service was speedy.  Here is a quick tip- call ahead. They do not take reservations but you will be seated quickly
Hawkers is good food--and there's something fun about the whole concept.  From the five spice green beans to the cinnamon roti for dessert, this place is full of unusual and yummy foods.  The service is always really good as well.  When it gets crowded (and it does), it's really noisy inside--I recommend sitting outside when it gets packed.  We keep going back--
I ordered many small plates,  all of them absolutely fantastic.  This is one of my new favorite places to eat in Orlando.  My server Gwen was super nice!!!!
Best restaurant in orlando. Everything is always perfectly cooked and seasoned. Some of my favorites include the dumplings, kimchi fried rice, lo mein, wings, BBQ roast pork, and five season calamari. The ONLY thing I have tried that was just okay was the curry chicken dish. You need to go here.
Not bad, but it didn't live up to the expectations I had after reading so many great reviews. The curry sauce was pretty good, but the rest of what we had was mediocre. Kimchi fried rice didn't have much kimchi in it or much kimchi flavor. We also had the duck tacos which were pretty good, though the boyfriend didn't care for the sauce. Decent Asian food for lunch, just not a five star place to fall head over heels for.
I gave Hawkers a 3rd try. I had the Duck noodles also the Dumplings and actually liked them! I do think I will try and go back for a 4th try. Sometimes one just has to expand their palate.
Welcome to my life roti canai. I love you and I don't know how I ever lived without you. You are the main reason why this review is 5 stars. It's like a puff pastry brushed in butter and more butter. And then you dip it in that delicious, spicy sauce. Wow. Yes, we had 5 of them...for two people. The "so so's": Roasted duck and pot stickers. Both very bland. The good: Basil fried rice and grilled beef skewer with bulgogi sauce. They're okay. The amazing: roti canai of course, the crispy roast pork and the roti dessert with dulce de leche sauce and vanilla ice cream. OMG, that porkkkkk is like chicharrones with the super crispy layer of fat. We ordered two of these. And the dessert is roti with dulce de leche and ice cream. Hello! Of course, it's amazing!
Service was very slow today and overall the food was okay. Pork belly was gross. This is the third time here, probably my last. Seating is not comfortable, either.
Chipped plates and slopping plating aside, this place was pretty good! My sister and I gave up pretty much polar opposite things for Lent, so our sharing options were somewhat limited, but that didn't stop us on our first round, she ordered the spring rolls and I ordered the summer. Other than my rice paper not being soaked for long enough, mine were pretty good, just a little on the chewy side, and I ended up stealing her sauce to lighten my dish up (their peanut sauce was good, I just wanted to try something different). We both ordered a noodle dish, I took the stir fry udon and she ordered the lo mein. Although no one cared to wipe the massive amount of soy sauce that had been dragged with noodles along the lip of the bowl during plating, my dish was pretty tasty, definitely would go back for that. And even though the lo mein took twice as long as my dish to get to the table it was also really good. After about round of noodles we decided to split some lettuce wraps, and went with the chicken satay, I was pretty happy with those! Decent wine and beer list, a sake menu, and a great server when we saw her. When in Orlando again I'd definitely try some different menu items (especially when I don't have Lent restrictions). Just beware the chipped plates! Two of the four sharing plates that were on the table when we were seated either had corners or big chunks of lip missing!
I'm writing this as a follow up to my last experience at Hawkers in which the manager gave me a hard time about my lost credit card. Simply, the situation was alleviated. Once the GM, Tim, of Hawkers saw that I had a bad experience here on yelp he immediately contacted me to invite me back for a second shot. We actually chose to return to Hawkers for our anniversary dinner. I was able to speak with Tim as soon as we got to the restaurant. He was extremely apologetic and understanding. He even offered to take care of our dinner for us! I can't tell you  how much better I feel about Hawkers. They really do care about their customers. This time around I ordered the Beef Curry, nothing short of excellent. I also tried the 5 spice calamari, which is definitely something different for your taste buds. The most predominant spice was cinnamon, and it also comes with a side of sweet chili sauce. I'm glad I received  this plate last because the sweetness of it almost served as a dessert for me. Leo was our server for the night, he had a great attitude and was very attentive to our table. Tim also checked on our table periodically throughout the night. I really admire the dedication that he had to ensuring that this experience would keep us coming back. I'm really glad that we chose to return here for our anniversary, It was perfect!
Cute place to eat. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The roast pork and crispy pork was not that authentic / great but everything else was good. The fish in black bean sauce was the best. Must try if you're the area.
Modern, stylish, fast, friendly, and most importantly....delicious!!!!!  Great find through urbanspoon app. Asian tapas. Easily one of the best places I've eaten at. The variety of Asian influences will have something for everyone!
Everything is good
Wow! What an amazing place. Some exciting new restaurants are popping up on Mills and around the area. Searching for a place at 1030 pm at night is really hard in the area as most restaurants close at 10 pm. Luckily, we stumbled upon this place that was still open. Food is phenomenal and the service was great. Our food was served up really fast. We had the Cantonese Beef Stew and the Malaysian Prawn Mee. Both were outstanding dishes. The Cantonese Beef Stew tasted like a home cooked meal and the portions were big enough to fill up 2 adults. It is a modern decor but not too over the top. Completely affordable. 2 bowls of soup, an order of summer rolls, and a thai Iced tea cost us 25 dollars total. You know that feeling that you get when you go to an Asian fusion restaurant and feel you are about to overpay for overpriced, not very good, Americanized Asian food that's extremely heavy and non-satisifying. Well, you won't get it here. Check it out!
It was amazing. If you want to try something fresh go there. Also the service was very good and attentive.
Really fabulous food & beer selection, in a great environment. Highly recommend!
I'm not sure if they should call it street fare, or really Asian for that matter. It's good, but very Americanized. If you're looking for something simple that won't challenge your palate and trendy to show off to your friends this is the spot. But if you want something more authentic there's quite a few places in the Mills/50 district that'll suit you better.
I've driven by this place many times and always wondered if it had good food or not. When my husband and I finally stopped in to try it out, we both fell in love. I've tried half of the menu and continue to love everything. We love the food, beer, and ambience of the place. I highly recommend trying it out and if you're a lo mein lover, you have to try it at Hawkers!
My friend took me to this place for lunch when I was visiting her in Orlando.  I wasnt sure why she kept raving about this place.  But after eating here, I know why. This restaurant has the best Roti Canai I have ever had!!! This is what we ordered: - Roti Canai: SUPER DELICIOUS!!!! You just have to order this.  We ended up placing two orders, along with extra Roti.  Even though I was full, I kept eating this as I knew I wasnt coming back to Orlando for a while.  I took a spoon and finished off the curry.  Yes its that good!!! - Hawker Fries: Blahh....not that great.  I heard these used to be delicious, but doesnt taste that great anymore. - Vegetable Lomein: Delicious. For dessert: - Cinnamon Roti: oh so good - I am drooling as I write this review. Go try this place.  The prices are very reasonable and the food is great.  I wish they had a restaurant in DC...I would go there all the time.
I know I SHOULD try something new, but Hawkers is just too good. My girlfriend and I come here at least twice a month. We habitually order too much food and end up with several to go boxes, but we leave fat and happy. Start with the roti (some magical bread type starter with curry sauce), then eat the pad thai and the curry mashed potatoes. Prices are beyond affordable, so order a couple things to share. My girlfriend would drink the curry sauce if I let her, so if you're a fan, make sure to ask for an extra side of it.
Yum! Yum! Asian food fun! Love the decor, bright, laid back and clean. Of course it's brand new but hopefully it will stay this way. Also, their theme is orange and they put fresh orange slices in the water instead of lemon, LOVE THAT! Nice touch. The staff was on point. Of course there were two hicups. it took a few minutes for someone to greet us even though there were 5 employees standing behind the bar when we walked up. Also, there was still some work going on so they were cleaning the windows while we were there and there were some tools and a ladder in the middle of the place against the wall. Anyway, everything else was GREAT! It's Asian tapas, yum! It's not the everyday Asian food either, a lot of their items have a 5 spice flavor they add to most things, so good! We ordered 6 plates for the table: Steamed Pot Stickers (my fav) Lightly fried pork slices Fried green beans Fries Chicken Lo Mein and Chicken Wings. Everything was so fresh and tasty, I literally would have loved to try EVERYTHING on the menu so you know I am going back!! Two thumbs up!!!
Amazing  place. I actually love the concept of smaller plates that way you can try a lot of different things and still have a lower bill. Wonton soup is great and filling by itself. Roti cani is a must. Summer rolls are delicious, Kimchi fried rich is great as well.
This place is on fire! A total revamp of the previous Chinatown, Hawkers has a new modern look and a bitchin' menu full of delightful tapas (smaller portions), nothing of which is over $7. The menu size is impressive, but not overwhelming. The fare is all over the Asian map, with influence from Thailand, Vietnam, China, Malaysia, etc. The best thing to do is just start ordering stuff, and not to spend much time debating about ordering this vs. that. Just tell the nice lady what you wanna start with. I tried 4 items... -Five grilled wings with thai chili sauce. $4 (They have like 10 different Asian-style wing sauces) -Two fish tacos with 5 spice seasoning $6. Very good, but needed some kind of sauce so I threw sriracha on them. -Sliced pork tenderloin with tamari/scallion sauce $3. -Some other dish considered a signature Malaysian street food (top right page of menu). It resembled Pad Thai, but with more good stuff and less noodles $6. I'd order any or all of this stuff again, but I'm curious about trying many other things they offer. The presentation of every dish is neat. Everything is light and tasty! The fried stuff appears to be flash-fried, which gives a nice crunchy texture without saturating your food in oil. Plenty of vegetarian options, and enough variety to keep it interesting. You're bound to find stuff you've never heard of in here. Most everything is about $4 or $5. Great service from Kay, and an overall satisfying first visit. I'll be back soon!
I really enjoy Hawkers. If you are looking for something out of the ordinary, then I think this is a good option. It is kind of like Asian tapas, but even the small plates tend to be a good-sized serving. Hubs and I try something new and get a staple or two each time we go. I always get the roti canai, and hubs always gets the crispy roast pork "siu yoke." We also enjoy the Asian fried green beans, lettuce wraps, and banh mi sliders. The meals are always a good value. You get an ample amount of high-quality food for a reasonable price. PLEASE NOTE: You can bring your own bottles of wine on Wednesdays, and there is no corking fee. I love this!
What a great concept. Combining the best of Asian street fare with modern and fresh ingredients all in on place. The hubs and I stopped here today after noticing it was a new place and looked interesting. The idea of street fare peaked our interest. We were not disappointed! There are so many items to choose from, all served tapas style. So you can order a couple things for yourself or order a bunch of things for the table to share. We tried the Five Spice Hawkers Fries, the Fried Green Beans, Curry Mashed Potatoes, Five Spice Fish Tacos, and Vegetarian Spring Rolls. it was all very good, but my favorite was the spring rolls. They were sooo flavorful, and the owner Alan assured us they were made when the order was placed, and not sooner (including the wrapper). Very impressive. Aaron's favorite item was the fish tacos. The plate came with two tacos, a lime and some seasoned tomatoes. Everything is made when you order and comes to the table as it's ready, which I love. I am unfortunately getting over a cold, so I couldn't quite taste all of the deliciousness, but we will for sure be back. I'm very excited about this place and look forward to becoming a regular.
Atmosphere  and service is always great, food can be hit or miss (I've had the same dish blow my mind only to leave me disappointed on the next visit.)
This place is a great treat !!  We can't wait to go back. The basil fried rice was amazing. And the free summer roll with check in with yelp is a great surprise treat as well.
I went for my first time here tonight with friends and this place they recommended plus it's Asian food so my prego bump loves  her Asian food so I'm willing to try anything! We checked in and got a free order of the summer rolls which the peanut dipping sauce for me was the best thing on that plate the rolls themselves were good inside but the wrappers were very off putting because they are very chewy and dry so I was unimpressed with the rolls. Our friends ordered another appetizer of roti flatbread with a curry dipping sauce that was so great! For main meal I ordered the duck noodle stir fry which was so good I loved the duck was moist and not dry like some people make it and the duck fat and curry made a great combo for the noodles! My hubby ordered the basil fried rice he was left unimpressed with and wanted mine instead because the rice apparently was over cooked and crunchy. Over all I was impressed!
Fellow Yelpers, My super intelligent girlfriend thought of the idea to come here on Wednesday night for dinner.  I conceded because I have been wanting to eat here for some time now. This is not your run of the mill Asian restaurant and they have a niche that will more than likely yield major returns for its owners.  The location is the only thing that I'm not too fond of, but that's neither here nor there. It is a nice building, with a private lot that makes it convenient to park and eat at the restaurant without needing to either park on the side of the road or walk any major distances. The entrance is so cool with two Lion statues (see my girlfriend's photo [Dianna C.]) reminiscent of those gargoyles/beasts from the ending scene of Ghostbusters with Gozer and Staypuft Marshmallow Man.  Luckily no beast broke out of their marble shell because I was fresh out of energy stream from my proton pack, which I always carry with me. The interior is very modern and simple.  It is functional.  Extremely laid back, in other words dress very casual, just not nude colony casual. The concept here is that they serve several Tapas style dishes at very affordable prices.  The big difference being that all Tapas dishes are Asian (Captain Obvious). We ordered the following: Grilled Skewers - The beef was the best one out of the three (Pork and Chicken).  All pieces were tender.  The Pork and Chicken were a bit on the dry side. Basil Fried Rice - I hope this was a one time deal on the kitchen's part because the Rice was burnt.  The bottom of the grains looked like the charred remains of a bombed out village in Afghanistan. Pad Thai - Best dish of the night.  Creamy, silky and smooth going down.  Just the right mix of flavors.  My throat felt like it was in an Herbal Essence commercial minus the hair and the shampoo. Roast Duck - Too bony, a bit of too much fat.  I have had better duck.  Being the Duck connoisseur that I am, I have to say this fell short of my duckspectation. Crispy Roast Pork Siu Yoke - This was very good, the sauce served alongside it was delicious. Overall, I would try it again.  Definitely a chill place to grab a quick bite. Sign off.
The roti was my fav! So soft, and the curry sauce was a perfect accompaniment!!  I also had the edamame, roasted duck and spring rolls.  The edamame could use a pinch more salt and the spring rolls although delicious... could've used a quick wipe from a napkin as it was a tad greasy.  Roasted duck - perfection!
I've seen a variety of reviews about Hawkers on Yelp and other social networks, but all I have to say are good things! Having dined here several times and enjoyed delicious meals each time, I think I'm justified in that opinion. Reasonable prices also make Hawkers an attractive dining experience. I really enjoy the udon, and typically order that every time I eat here. I know, I should switch-it-up at some point, but it's easy to stick with something if you know it's going to be good. The patio outside is a great place to dine IF the Central Florida weather is cooperating (i.e., if it's not raining or too terribly hot). But the dining room is quaint and a nice place as well. Love Hawkers!
I left the place with mixed feelings. A tiny part of me missed the hustle and bustle of the Malaysian/Singapore streets nudging elbows with strangers on the other hand a large part of me truly appreciated the freshness of the food and elegant atmosphere created by Hawkers. Either ways, Hawkers has been highly successful in their attempt to not only bring the streets to you in an unexpected modern touch; it offers a taste of South East Asia which stays close to their authentic roots. The reasonable prices; extensive assortment of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian options; freshness of the food; location guarantee that all ages and cultures will leave with happy bellies, wanting to come back soon.
Great place if you are a "nibbler" or if you are one of those who FREAK OUT when like your food is getting all mixed up with the other food on your plate. Euwwww, that's nasty... better bring in the Honey Badger to clean that mess up - he don't care, he don't give a chit! He's badass and just hungry.  youtube.com/watch?v=4r7w…  (caution -not for sensitive ears) There was three in our party, and by the time this gig was over, there was next to no table showing- it was covered in all their cutesi 5" x 5"  & 5" x 12" white plates! Kinda silly really. Happy hour 2 4 1 brews ($6)  are a plus- off at 6. or was it 5? Sorry. I found out wine ($9) was not included in the "happy hour"  special - so I'm calling it "Happy hour 2 4 1 brews". Quite a few micro brews on their list too, btw. Crispy Roast Pork ($5) is the teets! Best overall IMO of the sitting. Funny though, it made from the chit  you would normally discard  due to the high fat content (only about 1/3 - to a 1/2 of each bite). But when in Paleo mode - you can guiltlessly enjoy the kickass flavor fat brings to an entree. (Cholesterol is currently at 212 and Triglycerides is 106!  Triglycerides in 1993 were 1855!) One of the 3 were taken off the bill graciously  due to over cooking - somewhat burned - Didn't ask them to, they were just gracious about it. Cheers Hawkers- glad to know you care. + 5 stars! Asian fried green beans ($5) were - 3 stars. Just didn't impress me. Cooked nicely and crispy coating of a sort, just nothing special- especially for $5 !! wtf? Roti Canai- ($3) YUM!! I'm a true sucka for a good curry sauce. The Rolti was  done really good and you dip ya canai in the the sauce! Euuuw---- wait... that's good stuff. I ordered a side of rice ($1)  to finish off the  remaining curry sauce. Bok Choy- ($4) was a lot of  money IMO.  -0 - another wtf  for $4? Cheap chairs- like kindergarden furnishings but for adult sized folk. Go for the food  -not the diggs.
Fun place to go with a group! Like Asian tapas.
As the total number of my reviews approaches the century mark, this was one of my more highly-anticipated dining experiences in recent memory.  Jacqueline's ROTD, all the 5's that were plastered on her, the intriguing descriptions of everything from the decor through the food to the beer selection.  But I was also curious, since there were more than a couple of detractors: Lauren's "underwhelming" 3-star review, the disturbing warning from David S, the gripes about the poor value...  After all, I said 'yes' to 7 out of the 8 questions that Tina V.W. posed.  I know we're all different, but either this place is supremely inconsistent, or it's the difference between eastern and western palates being greater than reported.  How else do you explain the same bowl of Laksa being "great bowl of delight" to one reviewer, and "disgusting" to the next?  Unless it wasn't the same bowl of laksa! My own personal experience was that the food ranged from slurp-delicious (the satay!), through "it was OK!" (duck, hawker's delight, and Singapore mei-fun), to 2-star 'meh' (vegetarian spring-roll).  I do love having brown rice on the menu.  Other Asian places should start doing that too.  The micro-brew choices are phenomenal and don't really carry "ouch-gouge!" price tags, but that cannot be said of food prices in general.  The mei fun was a very small portion - I KNOW this is a tapas place, but they charged $6.50 for it, you know.  The duck, at $5 or $6 for 5 little pieces that don't even comprise an entire duck leg, is galling bordering on abusive.  If I'm doing word association with this place, "Good value" is not going to come up. Another reviewer said that the music isn't loud enough.  Actually, the problem with acoustics is that it's all glass and metal, not because the music is too soft or too loud.  Decor is bright and pleasant.  Using imprints of Chinese newspapers as table-top decor is cute and lends authenticity.  I would just recommend they kind of vet it with a language reader first - just their luck that MY table happened to have some mass murder headline - but it was good for a chuckle.  (See pictures posted, and the commentary on these headlines) Talking about Chinese characters and in case you're wondering, that logo they have is not Chinese - so don't ask me "what does that word mean?"  It's a stylized rendering of a street hawker, with a broad-brim hat on, carrying his/her wares on a pole.  It's kind of cute, but I'm guessing most Westerners and quite a few Asians would have no CLUE what it is.
I love to food and atmosphere at Hawkers. You can choose several options as the portions are fairly small and cheap. I don't like spicy food, but the Malaysian prawn mee noodle soup is too good to pass up. They also have a pretty good beer selection. If you want some eclectic Asian street food in a hip setting, I suggest giving it a shot.
Best Asian food I've had in Orlando yet. Period. First of all, a tip for all of you Yelpers with a Yelp app on your smartphone...we checked in and got free spring rolls! You show the screen on your phone with the details to your server and voila, free vegetable spring rolls. Yelping has never tasted so good. Second, this place has great prices with excellent portions. For $37, including tax and tip, we had: Steamed dumplings Hong Kong Wonton Soup Vegetable Springrolls 5 Spice Calamari 2 orders of Pad Thai with chicken, shrimp, and egg Nothing I saw was more expensive than $6.50, which is amazing. We were like kids in a candy store trying different dishes and not being terribly concerned over price. And for the price, the portions are impressive. The small plates are great for two, and some of the bigger dishes like the Pad Thai are plenty of food for an entree size. The dumplings and the pad thai were really of note. They were both delicious and I would have those again for sure. Service was good and we were seated pretty quickly for a busy Saturday night. Our server was friendly and helpful, although at times I was confused because it didn't seem like she understood that we weren't going to order six plates immediately. Eventually she understood that we were going to order two things at a time and go from there and it was fine. There was one occasion where we got our plates at different times, but such is life. We really enjoyed the experience and will definitely come back.
Tapas and Asian fusion had a baby.Hawker's Asian Street Fare is located right off Mills ave. just a stone's throw away from Florida Hospital Downtown Orlando. I'm going to go ahead and use my friend's description to introduce this location to you. Hipster chic.  That pretty much sums up our first impression of this novel experience.  Hawker's caters to a wide variety of clientele though, so don't be misled by our general assessment of the environment.  The interior is somewhat small, with about 12 tables arranged in a layout that works.  Not only do the lights and colors lend a trendy feel to the place, but you have the option to watch one of several big screen T.V.s displaying the adventures of Samantha Brown.  The staff is a solid 10 when it comes to customer service.  Nothing but pleasant smiling faces.  Our server was Michelle and she was not only attentive, but provided good recommendations. I'm no connoisseur when it comes to eastern cuisine, but I did bring my worldly Chinese sidekick to offer his opinion. Cons: Peanut Butter does not= Szechuan cooking. The sesame chilled noodles had an overpowering taste of peanut butter.  Now to be fair, on the menu it does say they are served in a Szechuan sauce, but that doesn't lead one to believe that the taste of peanut butter is so strong and overpowering.           The chicken for the Cantonese Ginger Chicken was processed chicken instead of quality chicken breast.  Never the less the ginger dressing with onion kept the plate afloat. Pros:  The Curry Laksa was definitely a tasty treat.  Boiled egg, shrimp, chicken, yow choy and fried challots in a wonderful curry coconut stew.           The Curry for the Roti Canai had just the slightest kick and was a great indicator of the things to come.           The Beef Bulgogi Sliders=A solid choice. Too damn tasty.. All in all it was a good experience and I would come back.  A bit pricey for the average Joe, so maybe a date or to bring someone some place outside the box.  The beer list is kick ass long, so you shouldn't have a problem finding something to soothe the taste buds. **I checked in and got free spring rolls! :D
I don't even want to admit how many times I've driven by this place without noticing it.  Given how easy it is to see, that's a bit embarrassing. Hawkers has a nice interior with a lot of natural lighting and a tall, open feel.  There are a few outdoor tables which look like they would be nice when weather permits. We were seated immediately, and upon my Yelp check-in I was surprised to see a check-in deal for free spring rolls. Service was a bit slow to arrive for our drink orders, taking about 10 minutes.  However, the waitress realized this and apologized, and at no point after that did we find her absent so all is forgiven.  She explained the menu nicely, which was helpful since we were a bit confused at first (there's a section called "small plates" and other sections for noodles, etc, so were the noodles small plates or full entrées?) She also suggested an order-as-you-go method, where instead of ordering everything at once, you can just "feel it out" and order a couple of things at a time until you're full. So all in all, we ordered: Char kway teo : a noodle dish with shrimp, chicken and sprouts.  It's smaller than an entrée normally would be, but a bit bigger than the "small plates".  We ordered this and split it. Spring rolls : pretty standard vegetarian spring rolls (the fried variety).  They were good but they didn't pop out at something special.  Being free made them taste even better. :) Roasted Duck : Beautifully cooked, fork-tender slices of duck.  Very nice. Five-spice calamari : An interesting version of fried calamari, with a mild sweetness to it and an interesting flavor. Better than your average fried calamari. Banh mi bulgogi sliders : Three Korean bulgogi sliders with the standard banh mi ingredients (carrot, cucumber, cilantro, mayo) on delicious, crunchy baguette sections.  We loved them enough that we had to get a knife to split the third piece because neither of us wanted to give it up (being a gentleman, I offered the last third to her, but she could tell I wanted it). Roti Canai : A delicious (though a bit oily) bread served with a curry-ish sauce for dipping.  We got this with an extra roti which turned out to be a good idea because there was more than enough sauce for two pieces. By the time we were done, we were full and happy.  It was a great experience, and while it may have been a bit of an expensive lunch at $35 when all was said and done, it was probably about as much as visiting a decent sushi restaurant.  I have to say, I really like this place and can't wait to come back for more. These are the kind of unique experiences I love!
I LOVE this place! Always eat here when I'm in Orlando. I like the tapas style, but what I really come for is the laksa. It's one of my favorite dishes ever, and it is hard to find in the States -- nearly impossible in Florida!
Not too shabby! I'm on vacation in Orlando right now with my teenage sister and before we came, I had to do my little Yelp research to see what restaurants that I would definitely have to try. And obviously, a place with 200+ reviews with an average rating of four stars is a definitely must try for me. Walking into the restaurant, you have the bar area to your right and the host station right in front of you. The problem was, there was nobody at the station to seat us, and the two waitresses that were just standing around by the bar area didn't even bother to tell us where he was or even greeted us. They were just busy standing around, talking, and watching TV. I was getting impatient because I was tired from walking around the whole day. I waited a few more minutes before the host showed up and from here on, my experience changed dramatically to the better. After we were seated and asking us if we'd been here before, he told us about the popular dishes to get, took our drink orders, and told me about who would be taking care of us and left.  Our waitress showed up not  three minutes later and introduced herself and told us that she'd be back to get our orders. Since my sister is not a very adventurous eater, we decided to order nothing crazy: Edamame, chicken egg rolls, chicken satay with Malaysian peanut sauce, some fries, and Yang Chow fried rice. The Yang Chow fried rice came out first and although I personally thought that the portion was a bit small, it tasted great! I was only disappointed that it probably took another 5 minutes before anything else came out. I kind of wanted to eat the fried rice with some chicken satay and egg rolls and not plain. But since I was too hungry, I started eating anyway. The chicken satay was delicious! The peanut sauce was good and not too spicy. As for the egg rolls, I was expecting two tiny pieces like you would get in a normal Chinese restaurant, but I got two huge pieces (think Southwestern egg rolls from Chili's) cut in four. The dipping sauce was good also.  The edamame was okay, I guess. But I only ordered that so I could get something a bit healthier with some protein in it. As for the fries, I can't say much since that was only for my sister and I didn't really care to try it. Also, through out our dining experience, our waitress constantly checked in with us to see if she could get us anything else. My glass was always filled up with water and she notified us when the kitchen was about to close to see if we wanted to order anything else. Her service was great and I was glad that she wasn't one of the waitresses that were just standing around by the bar when we first walked in. Anyway, I'll have to say that I'm glad I gave this place a go.  If I were living in Orlando, I'd definitely frequent this place!
This place is fun and has many small, tasty Asian dishes. I'm giving it 5 stars for atmosphere, great staff and good food. This is a great place for people that are apprehensive about trying new food since there is so much to sample. The Korean bulgogi beef sliders were amazing! Hawkers had a nice mix of Korean, Chinese, Thai, and Malaysian dishes. Great place for a foodie in training.
Fairly good food every time we go. I really like the small-portion style so we can try a lot of different items when we go. Some items can be a tad too salty for my liking, but that's pretty much any restaurant these days, unfortunately. I usually get the spring rolls or summer rolls and a noodle dish. They're all pretty good. The cinnamon roti dessert is really good! We honestly didn't expect much for dessert at this place but were pleasantly surprised.   My one complaint is that sometimes service is sub-par. Once we were sat at our table and didn't even get our drink order taken for ten minutes. We left. Not good! The owner did remedy the situation after I contacted him about it, though!
I have been to hawkers several times.  The place is very casual and fun.  I love that the menu offers a lot of small plates and is very affordable.  I have enjoyed everything that I have tried there so far.  My favorite dish is the fish fillet (cod) with black bean sauce.  The fish is always so moist and the sauce is delicious on the cod.  I also really enjoy the hawkers delight and the green beans with pickled veggies.  I am a big fan of duck and find their roast duck very satisfying.  The wings are crispy and moist.  I have had the wings with the five spice and also the hainanese wings.  The only noodle dish I have tried has been the Singapore mei fun which was very filling and enjoyable.  Everyone I have taken here has also really liked it.  On Wednesday you are allowed to bring your own bottle of wine with no fee.  I look forward to my next visit!
I have to say this is a great concept for a restaurant, although not my favorite. We had plenty of dishes to sample from and some were just okay or not what was expected. I do have to say the noodle soup bowls were a lot larger than I though it would be, but the noodle dishes was over salted. Wasn't really impressed, I believe its cater to a particular type of audience. It was a place to at least try once.
The ginger cheesecake is delectable, and a must try! Not too sweet, and perfectly fitting for an after dinner delicacy.
Very impressive. Despite it's almost chain-like clean cut appearance, the food is varied, authentic and delicious.
Been here a number of times, a solid lunch spot in driving range of downtown. Consists mostly of small plates so the price can be quite expensive for lunch. For the most part though, everything is good.  Here is my take on the items I can remember, Roti Canai - I always order this, Bread and sauce is awesome. Last time I went, however, sauce was slightly different and not as good. Curry Laksa - a little bit of everything in this soup. On the spicy side, and significantly more food than the small plates. 5 Spice anything - not a huge fan of the five spice, the strongest taste is cinnamon--too sweet for me. Bahn Mi sliders - not as good as the sandwiches down the street at Bahn Mi Na Trong, or at the Korean BBQ Taco Box, but decent nonetheless.
The food here is really good, but what earned Hawkers Asian Street Fare a 5 star review from me is their excellent service. I've visited Hawkers in the past and had a great experience. This time I wanted to bring my very picky eater husband to try it out. My husband is a 30 year old "I still don't like any vegetables" type of guy. Luckily he found chicken wings and french fries on the menu and was happy.  (Yes, I am married to a big child haha) Remember to check in when you get to Hawkers. The check in got us a free order of summer rolls. Now, my picky no eating vegetables husband loved them. I think he actually loved the peanut sauce that came with them, but regardless he ate them. I also ordered wok fried lettuce and a cod dish. This is a tapas type place where you order smaller dishes that are priced from $3-6. They do also offer some large plate choices for about $8.00. The husband loved the fries and the wings. The fries had cinnamon on them and served with a sweet chili sauce. These made the fries really unique and tasty. The chicken wing he said were tasty and juicy. My wok fried salad was light and delicious. It had a few mushrooms and peppers mixed in. It was also tossed in a tasty soy sauce. I did not have much luck with the cod dish. I do not eat meat or chicken, so I am usually eating and loving fish. However, I couldn't do this dish. The fish was way too fishy tasting for me and I did not care for the sauce at all. I pushed it aside and continued to eat the lettuce. The server noticed I didn't eat it and asked if I wanted something else. I said I was fine but thank you. About five minutes later the manager came to our table and asked me what was wrong with the dish. I stated that nothing was wrong, I just personally didn't care for it. He informed me that dish is an iffy one for people. He suggested I try the black bean fish instead.. He said it was his favorite and a lot of people seem to love it. Even though I told the server no thanks, he talked me into trying something else. I am super glad I did! The dish was excellent and I loved the sauce. When the bill came I was even more surprised. I figured we would be charged for either or both of the fish dishes. I did not ask for a replacement dish, I did not complain about the food, so I expected to pay for something. That was not the case. The manager came and told me he took off the cod dish because I didn't like it, and he wanted to give me the other fish dish on the house so I knew what I would like for next time. I found this very generous. Then our way out the door the manager stopped us again at the door and told us he messed up the bill. He forgot to take off the price of the summer rolls because he knew we were supposed to get them for free through our Yelp check in. Our bill was only $15.00 for two filling meals before the summer rolls, so I told him thank you but not to worry about it. It is managers and servers like this who will keep me coming back to restaurants!
Great place. Speedy service, decent waits, the dishes remind me of Kuala Lumpur and Hong Kong. Their flavors and execution comes pretty damn close to authentic, definitely a great addition to the Orlando food scene. I'll be looking forward to coming back on a future visit. Cute pixie cut waitress too!
Hawkers, I really, really, really wanted to love you.   I would have to say the best thing about our experience was the service.  Our waitress was awesome, knowledgeable, and honest.  I also couldn't help but overhear the table next to us and noticed some guy with amazing douchbaggery skills and an allergy to sesame be kind of condescending to the server.  She handled it extremely well and I secretly wished a reaction on this dude. The food was ok.  The Papaya Salad was alright.  Definitely needed more vinaigrette so once I doused it in it, it tasted a little better.  The Five Spice Calamari was ok.  My favorites, though, were the Char Kway Teo and the Roti Canai.  The Roti (which is an unleavened bread from South Asia), I couldv'e ate all day.  It was crispy on the outside and soft and a little chewy on the inside. The beer selection is surprisingly extensive which gives them extra points from moi.
I was at hawkers and so enjoyed it. I need to go run to get hungry again so I  can go eat more. I do recommend roti.
Hawkers is great if you're looking for a Caucasian experience of Asian cuisine. They definitely place an emphasis on style over substance.  More  "PF Changs" than "Tasty Wok" I've tried about 10 different items, and while I was not disappointed in any of them, none of them particularly stand out when compared to any other local Asian venues (of which there are many in Mills/50). Most dishes are between $6-8, and while beautifully presented, the portions are meager (in typical tapas style). For just a buck or two more, you can find generous portions of equally tasty food at another restaurant. Hawker's is certainly not where you go to find a good "value", but is a good place if you like to pay extra to try a lot of dishes. A few of their items are pretty unique and aren't readily available in the area, like Roti Canai, so I guess that's one reason to visit. To be honest, you'd be better off going out with a group of friends to any Asian restaurant, and sharing the dishes communal/family style. Your stomach will be just as happy, but your wallet will be much happier.
Came here with my family. Really cool place with an interesting concept and very friendly, helpful service. The dishes are kind of hit-or-miss, but what's great is that there will be so many on the table that everyone will find something to his/her taste. My table really enjoyed the malaysian satay skewers, the tom yum soup (a pretty big portion), and the duck tacos. Less impressive but still good enough to finish were the hawker's delight tofu dish (a little bland) and the curry laksa (good but lacking in comparison to the tom yum). Thanks to my handy Yelp app, we got a free spring roll order with a check-in. Overall, we loved eating here and definitely intend to return.
Came here around 9pm with a party of 8.  Good beer selection and the service was great. We tried quite a few things on the menu as it is tapas so it is the perfect place to try a variety of things.  We tried the following: Cod with Black Bean sauce - outstanding Crispy Pork Belly - very good Roast Duck - Outstanding Udon Noodles - Very Good Roti - little greasy but very good Chicken wings with 5 spice and thai chili - decent Chicken Curry - Good but they forgot our rice Summer rolls - Free with a Yelp Check in Pot stickers Chicken with green sauce - Very good! Tried the cinnamon roti, crème brulee and ginger cheesecake and all were very good Overall a great experience and cant wait to go back!
Great food, fresh, tasty, nice blend of flavors. Trendy decor, warm atmosphere and exceptional friendly service! If there were olympics for servers our server Stephanie would have won the gold!
I went to Hawkers with my boyfriend and a couple friends on a whim one night and I'm so glad we did. It was pretty busy when we walked in and I heard some stories from my friend about their level of service on a packed night. Luckily, there were some seats available at the bar, so we decided to steal those. Our waitress was pretty attentive to our needs and she was pretty helpful since my boyfriend and I had never been to Hawkers before. I have a feeling she was really attentive to us since we were sitting at the bar and we were hard to ignore since we were right by the kitchen, but all the servers looked pretty frazzled since they were pretty busy. We ordered quite a lot of stuff, so here it is: The Hawker Wings- 5 wings were battered and fried with thai chili sauce and the other 5 were battered and fried with spring onion ginger sauce. The waitress that took our order for the wings messed it up. We wanted the 5 spring onion gingers to be naked, but there seemed to be a confusion- again, they all seemed very frazzled. Roast Duck- It was a little dry. I didn't really enjoy it. Asian Fried Green Beans- These were super yummy! Loved the five spice on these bad boys Five Spice Tofu- Again, I love five spice. I also liked how they used a firm tofu for this (or it might have just been cooked really well) and I loved the breading around the tofu. I'm def getting this again. Hawkers' Tacos- I got the five spice fish and the roast duck. It was the same deal with the duck in the tacos. They were a little dry, but they weren't as dry as they were in the roast duck dish, so they were tolerable. I also liked the sauce that they had in the taco and it added some moisture to the taco. The five spice fish was good too. I was hoping I'd get a grilled fish taco, but this was just as good (prob because there was five spice on it). There were other things that we ordered, but I didn't try them. I'll be coming back to Hawkers. I'll try sitting in the dining room next time to see how their service compares.
Can you give zero stars? Service is awful and slow. Food was cold by the time it was finally brought out. Then manager acts like it's my fault somehow. Won't be back and will be sure to warn others. DO NOT GO TO THIS AWFUL ESTABLISHMENT!
We have always really enjoyed Hawkers. We have been coming since they first opened. It's a great place for a group to meet up and try lots of small plates. They've made the menu way easier to understand and added cute chopstick info. Who knew I was a barbarian for using my left hand, lol ? The roti is great as everyone says . I also really like the curry laksa . We tried the stir fried lettuce and it was surprisingly good..
It was awesome when I first went, but I haven't had the greatest experiences since. I don't know, maybe  I went on off times. Everyone should still check it out.
Not that authentic but truly decent. They do make an effort with fresh material. Good food. Nice environment.
So I had about 15 minutes to have lunch. Hawkers was right there and had been recommended a few times. Ok, I'm game. Yay and thank you to all the people who told me to try it! This place is super fresh, super clean and quite friendly. It was 3:00 so there were only a couple other tables besides myself. I didn't feel like thinking so I asked my server what salad she suggested: green papaya. Done. It came out really quick, as did my iced tea. By then I'd had a chance to look the menu over and decided on summer rolls (one of my all time favorites). Both items, and their accompanying sauces, were really flavorful, crispy and cold; so very nice in these ridiculous August temps. Even better, I got in and out quickly and inexpensively. When checking in you get a free order of spring rolls, but I saved those for next time since I didn't feel like fried stuff. Definitely stop in here. I promise you won't be disappointed!
This little gem is only a few blocks away from my cousin's adorable little bungalow. Apparently housed in a revamped Chinese restaurant this sleek modern asian street fare place is Asian modern design at it's best. The service is great. Our server was extremely helpful in helping our party choose dishes to share. For instance, make sure you get a roti canai for each person at the table and don't forget the sauce. To die for! This is a great place to get adventurous. Try something unique. You won't be disappointed. We loved the Five Spice Pork Chopettes, and ANY of the noodle bowls are a meal unto themselves. The only thing I was slightly disappointed in was the Banh mi sliders. I was expecting a Vietnamese sweet roll kind of thing but it was still good. I just needed to adjust my expectation. If you're in Orlando, the neighborhood of  the general area, and on a bit of a budget, check out Hawkers Asian Fare.
Average to below average. It is a great concept, but the execution was lacking. The service was horrible. Our waiter only refilled our drinks after constant pestering. I am as patient as the next guy, but if I have to ask you three different times to please fill our drinks......The "house" curry sauce tastes like satay sauce mixed with coconut milk. The filling in the pot stickers was extremely bland. The coconut shrimp were overcooked and merely average. The calamari were barely breaded and quite greasy. It was almost like they weren't allowed to drain properly when removed from the oil. The wings were good without the sauce. The Thai sweet chili sauce tastes exactly like the jar you can buy in Publix. The duck tacos were great. They were the highlight of the night.
I am a big fan of Hawkers.  Ok, so the food may be slightly pricier than your authentic hole-in-the-wall restaurant, but kudos to Hawkers to bring so many variety of tasty street food and present them in a fun and casual atmosphere.  I especially love the old Taiwanese newspaper table top.  It's a great place to bring a bunch of friends, have a few beers and order a bunch of different little dishes to try.  We have been there multiple times and ordered a wide variety of items.  Some we were not a big fan of, but most everything we thought were very tasty. Some of our favorite items were: Roti Canai (don't forget to order extra roti), grilled wings (especially love the oriental jerk seasoning), the five spice calamari, crispy roast pork, bulgogi skewers,... I can go on and on.... Needless to say, another must-visit restaurant for me when going to Orlando.
Excellent staff and excellent food at a great price! Ying, Stephanie,  and Jamie are wonderful employees, among others who work there, who make the dining experience so wonderful!
I really wanted to love this place but I cannot at this time give it more than 3 stars. I booked a reservation for this place for my birthday using opentable. I knew that this place got rather busy so I wanted to make sure they could accomodate my party of twelve. I should have called. When I arrived the restaurant was completely packed and they had no record of my reservation. The hostess was real polite and I could tell she felt bad. She did her best to set us up. Around 30 minutes later we did get a table for all of us. Service was pretty friendly. I like the setup of the place but it got way too loud for conversation on a Saturday night. My friends dug their dishes. I had a 50-50 sucess rate. What I did like: Roti Calamari Crispy Roast Pork was ok What I didn't care for: Egg Rolls The duck tacos were way too chewy for me. I got a little grossed out. Might have just been a bad batch. I love the large beer selection and the fact that they sell wines like Grenache by the glass. They are in a transition period with their credit card system - It could only handle one at a time - which caused a long delay for my split check party of credit cards (partially our fault). They assured me that they are working on making this process speedier. I will come back again later  (with a smaller party of course) and see if I have a better experience. I have high hopes for this place.
Great selection, great food, and reasonable prices... definitely enjoyed my meal here... Why can't we have a place like this in Miami?
Update to my previous review. After having my comment deleted from the restaurant Facebook Page, the manager, Kaleb, sent me a gift certificate to give Hawkers another try and I did. I went last weekend with five friends and we had about fifteen dishes off the menu. The service was excellent, the food and beverages arrived quickly, and nearly every dish was deliciously prepared. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. Try the Five Spice Chicken Skewers, Jicama salad, and fried green beans along with pork Char Siu. Dive into a noodle bowl for a more hearty meal for one. Nice job, Hawkers. Well done!
Tapas style Asian themed food. It's right across from Track Shack and by Will's Pub. It's a huge building so you cannot miss it. It has its own parking lot so that's a plus. My boyfriend loved it but I did not. The food was, overall, not good. I wonder if them being busy had anything to do with the quality of the food. The waiter was really attentive. I didn't like the colors of the restaurant but the modern feeling was good. It had huge ceilings and an impressive entrance. Very busy place with TVs up and a casual young feel. Definitely a chain restaurant. The bill adds up quick and the portions are a good size. Curry tofu - he said it was "meh" Roti canai - We both loved the bread and I would say that you should only get one piece for two people because it is large. I am not sure why people are raving about the sauce because it was totally weird and not appealing. I think it was the same sauce that they used with the curry tofu. Summer rolls - Super awesome. Fresh and huge. Good for two people Edamame- Big and tasty. Good for two people Five spice fish - Its five balls of fish. I dont know what the five spice is but I couldnt really taste it and when I did it just seemed like Paprika or something. The fish wasn't good. The spice wasn't good. Disappointed. I ended up giving it to my dogs. Chicken skewer - I got the sauce that the waiter recommended for the chicken. I believe it was malayasian satay. Whatever it was, it had chunks of orange bits in it and it was very spicy. It wasnt spicy at first but then it hit. Something about it was odd. It was hot but not much else. I didnt care for it. The chicken was chewy. Dessert - It's not on the menu for some reason. It's cinnamon roti canai with ice cream. It was the same exact bread as the roti canai but with fried tortilla chip strips. It was better than the meal but not amazing.
I am absolutely shocked at the number of positive reviews Hawkers receives online...but I suppose that I just have more discerning taste than the average diner as I am Asian and have grown up eating my fair share of phenomenal Asian food. My boyfriend and I went for a casual lunch on the weekend and while the service was very good, the food was EXTREMELY disappointing!  Everything was very aggressively seasoned but the flavors themselves are all one-note.  Hawkers completely fails to reinterpret Asian flavors as they seemed to forget/ignore the subtle contrast of flavor notes that makes Asian food so good.  All of the flavors were "in your face" and quite frankly, tasted like sauces out of a jar.  There were many concoctions & flavor combinations that were 100% off the mark for Asian food but even more unfortunately, they were awkward and borderline inedible. Texturally, every dish fell completely flat as there was an overall lack of textural contrast that you come to associate with Asian food.  The noodle dishes all had an awful gooey/mushy texture, not the al dente chewiness that you've come to expect.  The duck & beef were all extremely fatty and overcooked while the cod literally tasted like frozen fish fillets tossed in a black bean sauce straight from the jar. By the end of our meal, my boyfriend and I concluded that the best thing from lunch was the Tiger and Kirin Light beer.  We had quite a bit of food left over but we opted not to take it home as we both knew that neither of us wanted to be reminded of such a thoroughly disappointing lunch.   Hawkers is a decent place for those unfamiliar with good Asian food (or just good food in general) but if you really want to take a dip in the "adventurous Asian food pool," check out Tasty Wok just up the road.  The waitresses barely speak English and tend to yell/bark at you but the food is 200x better than this joke known as Hawkers.
Have been to Hawkers many times over the past several months and usually really enjoy the experience. Recently we took a friend from out of town to Hawkers for dinner. We had the most delightful server named Yun. She was friendly and had a great sense of humor. Everything we ordered was great... tofu lettuce wraps, curry vermicelli, cantonese cod, etc. Really enjoy going to Hawkers because you can get several small-ish entrees and share with everyone at the table. So good! Can't wait to go back and we'll ask for Yun again!
Visited for the first time tonight. My favorite dish at most Asian restaurants is Singapore Mei Fun, so I decided to give their version a try. The chicken was tasty and tender, the shrimp not over cooked. Overall this is one of the better versions I've had in a long time. The service was super friendly and incredibly fast--without compromising quality. Forrest was my server and was most friendly and helpful. His recommendations for my first meal and suggestions for what to try during my next visit were great. The rest of the staff I encountered were equally friendly and helpful. I'll definitely be back! By the way, they deliver if you live reasonably close.
Food was very good, but the service was lacking. We had 15 people in our group and only 1 waitress who also had another 5 or 6 tables besides us. Took a while to get water, and even longer to get food. I saw a few waiters just sitting up near the bar shooting the shit while 2 waitresses tried to serve the whole room.   The decor is pretty cool. It has an airy, industrial thing going on and the TV's were playing different Asian themed episodes of Anthony Bourdain. I only had a few dishes since I was part of a "grub crawl" and still had 3 more restaurants to hit up before the end of the night, but everything I tried was tasty.
Very good food and priced decently. The plates are smaller but one or two should fill you up. The food is definately fusion and they don't pretend that it's not. If your looking for a truly authentic experience this isn't the place for you. I enjoyed the hot tea and the waitstaff has always been nice. I drop by here for lunch about once a month since I work in the area. I have tried most everything on the menu but the bulgogi skewers and the curry are definately my favorite.
I loved the food, but the service and space were iffy. It took over 20 minutes to get a drink and for them to take our order. The guy kept forgetting what we ordered (Write it down then?) Then it took another 30 minutes or so to get our first dishes, no joke. We knew the portions were small and the prices kinda hefty, and we came prepared for such. The noodle dish is much larger than I thought luckily, but everything else is difficult to share. The table space and seating is TERRIBLE. We were on top of another family, and the dishes we ordered did not all fit on the table. We only had 5 dishes all together, and these are small plates. I am in no wait saying not to try it, because it is unique and fun food, but just know what to expect and hope you have a better experience. We will try it again. Check in and get a free spring roll which the waiter will forget to bring out AND try to charge you for. HA!
More than worth the drive from more touristy, chain-heavy areas of Orlando. Even the skeptics in our group were convinced by the end of the meal! Happy Hour has buy one, get one bottles, which made our meal a great deal. We ordered a lot (sorry Travis! We kept you busy!), but everything came out quickly, attractively plated, at the right temperature, and delicious. We especially loved the roasted duck, curries, Prawn Mee, and Char Kway Tao, but enjoyed everything we ordered. Several tables had little kids with them and appeared to be perfectly comfortable and accommodated. Our group of six was a bit big for the space but you couldn't tell from the service : friendly and attentive all the way through. Make sure not to miss this place - you'll see what I mean when you go!
We came late at night, and the place was really packed. The waitress asked us to wait for half an hour before we an get our seat, but 10 minutes later we already got one. Service was really good. Our waitress was nice and informative about the menu. And the best part is the food came out super fast. First we had the curry laksa, it wasn't really what i expected since I thought it's gonna be a bit sweeter. My BF (he went to school in singapore, and a big fan of laksa there) said it doesn't beat the one back in singapore but, it was okay if you miss the taste of home. What I don't like from the laksa is that they put halved shrimp inside, so we got 1 shrimp for a bowl. Lol So curry laksa is 3.5-4 out of 5 Next is the lettuce wrap. We ordered lettuce wrap with chicken satay, and we agreed that this is great food. The portion is quite big for 2 people..and it tasted really wonderful. So chciken satay lettuce wrap is 4 out of 5 Next we ordered pork chopettes five spices. This thing, is laughable. It was good, but for the price I expected something a bit bigger. Also, it tasted the same as Quickly's popcorn chicken if you know what I mean XD Score: 3 out of 5 Then our waitress asked us about dessert. We were full at that time, but when she said they have durian creme brulee we needed to try it. The durian creme brulee came in a very small ramekin bowl (really small for $4). First we thought they put some fresh durian on top, but it was mangosteen and mint leaf instead. I was a bit sceptical, but that first bite was heaven. It was so creamy and you can taste the durian meltiang in your mouth. At the same time it wasn't that strong that it gave your mouth bad breath. It's just too good, and too small at the same time. Score is perfect 5, this is the higlight of of our dinner! If I come back there, it would be for the dessert instead of anything else X)
Fantastic experience!  I'm really psyched they've opened a location in Jacksonville, and look forward to trying it out.   Being that it's been a few months, I'll simply say that whatever you try, it's going to be fantastic!  There were about six of us at the table, and not one of us was unhappy with what we had.  I remember trying one of their soups, and it was spicy and fantastic! If you're a beer lover you won't be unhappy.  This is the most impressive beer list of any Asian restaurant I've ever been.
I think this place has great potential, and the food was different and a decent. If you've been to every Vietnamese and Thai restaurant between Bumby and Highland, and want a change without making the trek out to Maitland for Korean fare, or the hinterlands where all the Indian places are inexplicably located, this is a decent option. I got the distinct impression that the place is Malaysian-inspired. Several dishes have names that call up that country. Without a lot of Malaysian options in Orlando, this should fit nicely in our growing multicultural dining portfolio. The theme is literally "asian street meat." Don't go in thinking Ravenous Pig (orlando's other gastropub) and the name might be a bit of a misnomer by comparison. This place is cheap, easy, and fun.   Best way to enjoy this place would be to go with a small group, try a bunch of things, and hang out for a while drinking. I think that is the point, anyway.   First off on the plusses: 1) As far as I can tell nothing on the menu is more than 6 dollars (up to 8 if you add stuff, like shrimp & calamari, to a couple menu items). Two people can go, have drinks and share 4 menu items for around 30 dollars. Not much to complain about price wise at all. 2) there are two ways to eat here: either you do tapas style small portions, or do two medium-ish sized portions and an app. It's pretty flexible and you could easily go lite and spend 10 bucks or go heavy on a leisurely meal with friends and get 10 things, still spending around 40-50 dollars total (excluding alcohol). 3) The beer menu is fairly impressive. I always find it weird that asian places seem to stick to the top 4-5 random asian beers (Asahi is sadly missing here in that category) but they have everything from big belgian style beers to local Orlando Brewery beer (I had the Old Pelican pale ale, which was quite nice), along with the usual Tiger, Singha, Tsingtao, etc. 4) everything I had was nicely prepared and tasty. I had a malaysian bread and curry appetizer (which should have mentioned the presence of meat but did not) noodle and prawn soup. My wife had spring rolls and tofu curry. Both were quite good, fresh, and the soup had a nice spice to it. On the down side: 1) the floor arrangements could use some work. I think the physical space is a bit of a hamper to the overall flow. We got seated in the front, which, if anyone had been next to us, I would have had to get up every time they wanted to go to the bathroom. It probably makes the servers' jobs a bit harder than necessary. 2) I'm not a huge fan of having big TV's everywhere unless you are going to be showing something meaningfully related to the establishment. So it's fine when you are in a sports bar and have sports on the TV. However, on a Wednesday night, we were subjected to a rather gross episode of "the doctors," one of those crap infomercials masquerading as a talk show about "health." No big deal, I just think that TVs are a distraction; if I'm in a Malaysian restaurant and it's not Malaysian pop stars singing in Malay, or some sporting event, I'm not really sure what the point is. 3) The seats are a bit uncomfortable. It's got that "hip urban" vibe big-time. Lots of short-backed flat chairs, tons of high tops.  Flat, tall bench seating along the walls. Definitely more about how it looks than how it feels. Could use some retooling. Maybe some cushions. 4) Rice my wife asked for was clearly a bit "aged." But any restaurant at the beginning is going to do dumb stuff like safe rice too long because of costs. I suspect kinks like that will be worked out.
Street food inside?  Well more than that.... I like the concept.  There are so many choices on the menu ranging all over the place with asian street fare.  I'm not sure that it is all street fare, but a bounty of small tasting plates. Meatballs, pho, wings, very extensive.   I do like the redo on the outside, and the inside is slightly classy but bistro like.  I do have to wonder if they took the design from Chipotle...? :p DT
I really like the concept of this restaurant! It had a nice decor, the service was good for the most part, aside from the hostess being a bit rude and giving us an attitude when we came in. The waitstaff was friendly- the girls take turns filling water, and delivering the dishes, but they may need to develop a new system for that b/c  we got some of our dishes twice and rice I think 4 times, lol...not a big deal, but just so they can improve. Overall, the food isn't amazing. I don't know how they can get away with selling Banh Mi's for $6, lol, but they managed to get my boyfriend interested. We sampled I think 5 different dishes and they totaled up to around $35. We got the 5 spice seasoning chicken wings (good), the curry coconut shrimp (good but nothing special), Malaysian noodles (it was ok but the kitchen put too much of the sauce so it overpowered it), another type of noodles ending with..Go...gereh...I can't remember and it was too sweet, a bulgogi banh mi (overpriced and nothing special). This restaurant is definitely a place to go at least once, but I wouldn't say i'm a fan of the food, just because down the street you can pay the same amount and get the real deal. Like another Yelper said, it caters to a specific type of crowd. I'm gonna come back in a few months to try it again.
Recently had a late night dinner here and was very satisfied with the service and the food itself. Being our first tapas style dining experience, we assumed the portions would be way smaller than they actually were. With that in mind, we ordered way too many items for two people. Amongst the best were the roti canai and the curry laska. Although I wish the sauce that came with the roti had been a bit thicker because it was too runny and it did not stay on the roti bread.   We were also thrilled to discover they offered a check in special, a free order of spring rolls!!! We were not very fond of the chilled tofu, which tasted like silken tofu straight out of the box and was extremely soft. I could not eat it with my chopsticks, so I had to spoon it up to my mouth and slurp it.... The jicama salad was bland because it only had dressing over the top portion of the salad, it was not tossed with the jicama. I must admit the dressing was very tasty though, just not enough of it. I will definitely go back because most of their food is very tasty and the portion size is perfect for the price you pay. Perhaps next time we will hold off on ordering too many items though, because there was not enough table for all of our food.
Great menu with lots of fun choices to pick from. The only place in Florida (that I know of) to get some Malaysian food. My favorite dishes here was  Curry Laksa and Lettuce Wrap with Bulgogi Beef. They even have Wonton Lomein. When I tried to order it in any other restaurant, I either get blank stares or I get wonton noodle soup with the soup drained out. The ambiance is clean and casual.
I've been there a few times now for lunch and dinner and the service seems to be hit or miss, but the food overall is pretty good. First, this is the only place I know of in Orlando that serves Roti Canai, so I always get an order of that for the table plus an extra one or two rotis. Most of the items that we've ordered have been good (sesame chilled noodles, chinese kale, roast duck taco, bulgogi lettuce wraps, crispy roast pork, and calamari), but I found the Singapore mai fun to been waaay to salty and no one at the tabled liked the ginger chicken (it was cold and oddly pasty). I go there for the dishes that I can't seem to find anywhere else, but I do wish that the space was less cramped. Also, sound just bounces off the metal walls, tables and benches, so even when we only had four in our group, it was a bit hard to carry on conversations. (The sound is not on, but I could do without the distracting TVs too.) And lastly, they need to improve their service. The first time I went was at lunch, so everyone needed to get back to the office, but we were there for two hours because it took them so long to take our order and bring our food! Lesson learned, only go during dinner. Unfortunately, at dinner the service is just about as slow and they don't always remember what you ordered, so if you don't your dishes, you may need to remind them. All in all, I think the dishes I enjoy still outweigh the cons, so I'll be back... but only when I have a lot of time to kill.
This is a fun place that mixes asian with automotive leaning techie decor and somehow it works.  The menu has an assortment of small plates that are an asian interpretation of spanish tapas and a great selection of brews.  It can be a little loud and it's short on wall art, the two TV's providing wall interest.  However, Bourdain was shown in various Asian adventures during my stay so it added to the atmosphere. The beef haw fun was flavorful and chopstick tender.  The chinese cabbage bok choy was perfectly cooked although a bit oversauced. My Foursquare freebie summer rolls were vegetarian and typical.  Edamame was hot, salty and tender.  Add a tall glass of Woodchuck Cider and it was a great quick meal in a fun setting.
What a great marriage of food and bev...their food was delicious and they have a good selection of craft beer. Everything is tapas style and the price to portions ratio is very appropriate.  I was happy with everything I ate, especially the jicama salad and curry coconut shrimp. The decor is very minimalist, kind of industrial...service was great, I can't wait to go back here to try more food.
Just tried this place yesterday and loved it.  The design is awesome: clean, modern, and they stick to a theme, but subtly.  The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the food came out quickly.  I really liked every dish I tried.  The only thing I didn't like is that their spicy was anywhere from a little kick to mouth-on-fire, so if you're sensitive to this, be sure to ask.  The coconut shrimp was my favorite, and the duck tacos and the noodles (I forgot which ones now...) were great.  Lots of vegetarian options.  The beer list is awesome. Best of all, the price was right.  Technically they're "small plates," but for $6-$7 you get a pretty good portion of most foods (especially noodles).  On top of that add another dish for $3 - $4 and you're set.  Or, you can do what we did and completely overdo it.  We spent about $20/person, but each got to try nine (!) dishes and had some to take home (!!).   There are a few minor things they could improve on to get a 5-star rating.  The service was good, but our water glasses were empty for a long time and they forgot one of our drink orders.  Also, when you know people probably want to order lots of small dishes over the course of the night, they should check up on you a little more often.  (But they were full, so for that they did good.)  Also, due to the cool, but loud metal decor, it was a little noisy (what I call the Chipotle effect).  You could easily have a conversation, but maybe not the place for a whispery romantic date.  But these are just suggestions and didn't keep me from enjoying my visit.
I went back here with a group of people on a Wednesday and it was my best experience yet, so I needed to add the 5th star to my updated review.  My meal consisted of springs rolls, edamame, green beans in a spicy szechuan sauce with picked vegetables, chicken curry with white rice, lettuce wraps, oriental jerk chicken skewers, and a noddle dish with shrimp that had a brown chili sauce.  Everything was so delicious, came out fairly quickly and was piping hot.  I recommend all of the dishes above.  I don't think you could end up eating a bad meal here.  I'm dying to go back to try more! Staff is friendly and helpful when deciding on dishes.  If you plan on ordering a lot of different things, I suggest you pace yourself if you're not in a rush and only order a couple dishes at a time so everything stays hot and fresh. And being able to bring your own bottle of wine on Wednesdays with no corking fee really helps add to the experience.
Little plates, big taste. I don't know where this place has been hiding but it's now on the regular rotation for eating out.  The service was awesome, my water glass was always filled, and empty plates were cleared away quickly. Staff was friendly and patient while we pondered the expansive menu and always had a recommendation ready for us if we needed it.   The roti canai changed my life. Apparently the curry this is served with is so popular they now sell it by the quart.  It is a definite must. Also had mussels which were superb. We also ordered a noodle dish and shrimp skewers. The shrimp was a little overcooked and the noodles were a little greasy so keep this in mind when ordering.   Although this is a tapas place, the portions are pretty generously sized for tapas.   They also have an extensive beer menu. This is definitely the type of place where you can just chill and eat, and eat, and eat , then drink and drink and drink. The waiters aren't rushed to get you out, and since it's tapas you can linger on dish after dish for hours on end.
GOBBLE GOBBLE GOBBLE! Hawkers is so good! Hawkers is a dim-sum/tapas sort of place. You order with the server and the food gets brought out to you! We had the Roti (MUST HAVE), Roast Duck, and Vegetable Spring Rolls. We had grabbed a bite earlier, so we weren't that hungry. Very flavorful, and kept me wanting more! For dessert, we had a Durian Creme Brulee! I personally like Durian... It was the boyfriend's first time tasting it... He didn't like it! :-p The attention to detail with the service is really good. But when they are not waiting on your table its few and far between. This is also a bit pricey for me! Coming from NYC, I probably would have paid half my total bill at a less americanized place! Overall, very good! And had a good experience! Lost two stars because of the price and a tad bit slow service!
I've never had a dish that hasn't been amazing. Roti canai, green been fries, pad thai, beef lettuce wraps, curry meatballs... I love it all. They've got a huge beer list to complement your meal. The service is usually spot on, even when it's crowded and the pricing is totally reasonable. Be prepared to wait for a table at dinner on the weekends. My only minor complaint are the acoustics in the restaurant. It's very difficult to hear in there especially when it's crowded.
Anything with the curry is amazing.  South east curry and roti canai are my favorites.  The udon is great as well.
Great menu and price point. I very much enjoyed the ambiance and hospitality. Easy parking too. JL
Great drink selection and lots of tapas options. Don't go around closing, food tends to be of lesser quality and the servers are obviously ready to leave. Great place for dates, and quick bites to eat.
It was loud and busy people waiting outside but gladly since we were a party of 2 we went right in. Got some blackberry tea that's tastes just like plain sweet tea. Was I given the wrong one idk?? Got the summer rolls with the peanut sauce uhmmm I will pass on them next time. Both were gross. The stir fried udon noodles were amazing tasty and just great i will order it again if I decide to go back..the fried rice was good spicy and w lots of meat will repeat that too. Their pot stickers were terrible almost threw up the sauce was bad too...their ginger cheese cake was edable with its ginger spice. The ice dessert was good but weird but it was a nice try. Bulgogi beef sliders..the beef inside was good the the rest not to sure about..would I be back???..yes..just to have the fried udon n fried rice. Server was ok.
Came here for lunch & OMG, looooved this place!!!!! It was super packed, so just sat at the bar to eat. Ordered the spring rolls, Roti Canal, & Stir Fry Udon. Yum, yum, & yum!!! I just wished I lived closer so I could come more often :) This place really reminded me of the food at Wild East Asian Bistro on Las Olas Blvd in Ft Lauderdale. I used to love going there when I lived in Ft Lauderdale. So, if you like this kind of food, check that place out if you're down there :)
Everything is goood! Don't be afraid and try everything! I still have to try the rest of the menu. Today  Everything was awesome.  If the restaurant is always full...... can't be bad right?!?!
Food love. Beer love. This place has it all. I am certain I could eat and drink here every day of the week and not get tired of it.   My husband and I each ordered a few small plates ranging from $3-6 apiece.  One of the noodle dishes (gluten-free!) was large enough to be considered an entree for a normal woman or a light eater, and the flavors pop!  They're not afraid to add heat to a dish, and everything we ordered had a different variety of spices and seasoning that made us want more. The beer selection is also shocking for a little Asian place, but since it's located in that 50/Mills district I can't be too surprised...they know how to do it in that part of town!  I had an Oskar Blues Old Chub, but they have a 3-page menu of different craft beer.  Excellent!
My favorite restaurant in Orlando. Must try! Favorites include: roti, peanut noodles, summer rolls, tofu lettuce wraps. Also their desserts are fantastic, especially the one with mango and sticky rice. And, of course, Thai Iced Tea is splendid!
Not the best Asian fare in town, but a fun place with a nice vibe.  You get a nice tapas style selection to choose from and even the small plate portions are generously portioned.  The Tom Yum soup is particularly good and is genuinely spicy as it should be.  Service has been pleasant and efficient on 4 different visits.
Yum! And totally affordable. My friends and I started with the roti canai, which reminded me a lot of curry butter marsala (one of my absolute favorite Indian/Nepali dishes). I could have eaten just that all night and been one happy camper but I just had to try the spicy udon noodle dish. It was everything I dreamed it would be and more! Packed with lots of flavor and spice. Everyone at the table loved what they ordered, as well, and we all took little taste samples from one anothers' plates. That means I tried 4 dishes and all of them were pretty delish. Additionally, the beer menu puts up good competition with most bars in the area. Only thing missing was a unique ambiance. But hey, for $7-8/entree, who can complain about a lack of flare. Mc D's charges more!
I'm a fan!  I wish they had a Asian Tapas place like this in San Diego.  You get to try a bunch of dishes for a small price.  The Banh Mi Bulgogi was awesome, Malaysian Style Beef Skewers were fantastic, Duck Tacos were great, but needed some kind of sauce, Chicken wings also were lacking a sauce, BBQ pork (Char Siu) and Cripy Pork were slamming too. Great beer selection too and decently priced! Noodle and soup bowls are about full meal portions, so don't order too many!! CONS: Take forever to bring out your food and they have to write out your check by hand.  They def need to upgrade their computer systems!
Papaya salad...better with added chili oil Meatballs...different texture but tasty sauce Green beans with pickled veggies...good crunch and flavor Fried Pork tenderloin...tasty, crispy and full of flavor Duck Lettuce Wraps...not saucy or drippy like lettuce wraps can be. Would order again! Chang beer was a good beer paring Tapas sizes were great for sharing for 2 people Cute atmosphere, great service, perfect prices and tasty food.Open your mind and palate and give it a try.
I went here on a Sunday night, so parking was a non-issue, and service was a bit intrusive since there were almost no other people in the restaurant. It wasn't near closing time, so I guess the waitress was really interested in talking to my date and I. The food is good, but I wasn't over the moon about it. The pad thai was spicy, which is something I haven't found before, but it was good. The other dishes were okay, but not memorable, as I can't remember what I had. We followed the waitress' recommendations, and while that was fine, I'm not sure I'm dying to go back. I'm allergic to shrimp and don't eat pork, which limited my selections too, as I'm sure there were some good shrimp or pork dishes on the menu that I didn't look at. All in all, it's okay, I would go back, but I wouldn't be the one to suggest it to the group.
The iron mussels were yummy to me.  Also ordered the green beans with pickled vegetables, the bok choy, bahn mi sliders with duck, basil fried rice, roti canai (YUM).   I wish there were a few more pieces of bok choy in the bok choy tapas.  $4 for 4 pieces was ridiculous, but the sauce was flavorful and had a peanuty taste in the background.  Everything else was decent, and the roti canai was absolutely delicious.  The place was clean and modern, although I wanted to strangle one of the waitresses because the place was rather empty when we arrived, yet she walked to her table as though it were the most miserable thing on earth.  Our waiter was also slow and forgot a dish, and no one ever came back to check up on us.  But the bill was decent, (~$25).
Wide range of Great food, great service and prices. I been anticipating my visit to this place for quite a while now. The reviews, the concept and decor from I have seen in pictures made it that much intriguing. I have to say that this place did not disappoint in any aspect but rather, shined! Everything here was great,  the food, the service, the amothosphre the vast selection of beer and the prices! The food; everything we had was very good, fresh and portions are very reasonable. The Crispy pork "siu yoke" was very tasty and it definitely lived up to the name, very crispy. The roasted duck, though the skin was not crispy but it was still very tasty nonetheless. The 5 Spice wings were AMAZING. The 5 Spice it's their signature season and I absolutely recommend it, very very intense and complex deliciousness. Next we had the "roti" comes with a spicy curry dipping sauce but It can honestly do without any dipping sauce. It was sooooo good, fresh, soft , buttery and hot. It was DELECIOUS. Def something I will order every time I come here. We then order the two noodle soups that seem to be the favorites here. The malaysian prawn soup and the curry laksa soup. They were both very tasty and spicy just like I like it! And a generous ration for the price. However, if had to choose one, I would go with the curry laksa! Last was the special of the day, "walnut shrimp" it was basically deep fried shrimp with a very good sweet Sauce and walnuts on top. Simple but very good. The service was awesome, even when slammed to their teeth the staff managed to keep a smile on their face and treated us real nicely. Our waiter was great, very helpful and attentive without hovering. Food came in a timely manner. One of the things I Loved the most about this place was the prices. Everything here is below $8. I think it is great quality food for the money so there is very minimal room to complain about this place. I now believe that their quality/price ratio has contributed tremendously to their success. I see some people complaining about the quantity but I didn't find this to be a problem for me, maybe because i quite familiar to tapas style plates or maybe i just appreciate quality over quantity. Perhaps you should look up the significance of "tapas"? Can't wait to be back and try more on the menu. I highly recommend this place. However, try to get here early because it gets crazy packed, there is very limited parking and no reservation are allowed.
I'll miss the old Chinatown restaurant that used to be here, but I have no real objections about Hawkers. Inside, Hawkers has a trendy, modern decor feel. Menu is a good size and if you are a fan of Asian foods, you will be in heaven - especially if you are new to these dishes. There is an expansive range of tapas to order, most of them pretty good. I absolutely love their Fish Filet with Black Bean Sauce. It's small but delicious - probably my favorite thing they have to offer here. Chicken Egg Rolls are meh, but I think I was just expecting too much. They are just fried egg rolls - as advertised. Duck tacos not bad, but kind of dry. Asian Fried Green Beans - hot and yummy; Prawn Mee - ok; pork choplettes - very tiny dish; curry - yum! Overall, I think it is a great addition to Central Florida.
Only been here once, but the Pad Thai was very good.
So I was in town for the millionth time, wanted to dry something new and different. The menu was decent, gives you a good variety of Asian infusion dishes. It was a pretty generous amount considering it was tapas portion. I ordered 2 dishes and it was just the perfect amount. On to the foods; Chinese Cabbage "Bok Choy" - stir fried, in a gelatin oyster sauce. It says on the description that the dish also include shitake mushroom, but its really one shitake mushroom sliced in half. Nonetheless it was good. Lettuce Wraps w. Korean Bulgogi Beef ( alt. options were roast duck;chicken satay;tofu) - this dish was good, but a bit on the greasy side. Five Spice Calamari - served w/ a side of the traditional sweet & sour chili sauce. Nice and crispy. I expected to taste a bit of a kick or some sort due to the "Five Spice" title, but nope. No spiciness. Basil Fried Rice - One of my Fav dishes in Thai restaurants. This dish was cooked very well and a pretty good portion in my opinion. Service: Kind of disappointed. Our Waiter was M.I.A. most of the time.
Damn good food. Basically like an Asian tapas restaurant - small sized plated for cheap.. Beware it gets very busy.
If I could marry just ONE restauant, to spend the rest of my life in, it would be Hawkers! AMAZING, DELICOUS food, WIDE drink variety ($3 budweiser, or a $19 stone vertical epic, anyone?) I will be eating here again and again and again....
my boyfriend and I wanted to try something diffrent and this place was great love the food! we have been here a couple of time. but the last time we went it wasnt to busy nor to late but are server was in a rush  to get us in and out which was odd they are usally pretty cool team, she muct have had a bad day but other then that we will still keep going........ by the way ever since i have been here i havent picked up any local chinese take out !!!!!!!!!
This place is great if you are looking for delicious food and good service in a  trendy atmosphere and don't have a lot of money to spend.  I just went here for lunch today and am planning on bringing all of my friends!  The decor is industrial, but nice.  There are black and white photographs on the wall from China, Japan, and Korea. The food is delicious!  I had the Malaysian Prawn Mee (minus the Chicken), the Roti Canai, and the Green Papaya Salad.  The Prawn Mee could have easily been 2 meals and it only cost $6.50.  It's very spicy, though, so beware!  The only thing I didn't really like was the Green Papaya Salad.  I was expecting it to be fruity, and it wasn't.  Something in the salad tasted like black licorice, which is fine if you like black licorice, but I don't. All in all, great experience.  I will definitely be coming back and bringing friends!
I'm such a fan!  I've been here three times now and I am always pleased. This is tapas of the Asian variety. OMG, the green beans. Even better, the Thai Iced Tea. Oh and don't forget the free summer rolls with your Yelp check in each time!  Oh, the five spice fish is awesome! I haven't had anything that wasn't yummy. Can you tell I could go on and on?  The beer list is phenomenal as well! Bring a date, bring a group, just be sure to go!!
Had been wanting to try this spot for awhile and finally went a month ago. In general I'm never sure of how I like the tapas concept. It turned out well for my husband and I though. We somehow made it during happy hour 2-4-1's on an extensive beer list is always a HUGE plus. Had lagunitas which is one of my flavorites. The roti was good but 1 piece of bread is a bit ridiculous. In retrospect share a salad, the jicama was delish.  Share rice, one serving is great for two people, and than each order a meat. I got the tofu curry which was obviously one of the best deals. I believe it was 6$ and was a very large portion of mostly tofu spinkled with lots of veggies. It was piping hot and just spicy enough to make my nose run, my husband who doesn't dig on tofu ate a few heaping bites. He got both the duck and pork as either one proved a little too small on it's own. Will definitely return. Though I'd rather go on happy hour, as soon as it started getting dinner* time the place got slammed.
I love the menu variety at Hawkers, which has almost any pan Asian food you can imagine. Favorites are the Roti, which comes with a bowl of delicious curry for dipping, the summer rolls (nice and light) and the Banh Mi sandwiches with Korean bulgogi beef (two Asian cuisines in one!) Great beer list with some interesting stouts and porters, one of the most extensive selections in town.
Great wait staff and it looks like an excellent small plate menu and I say looks like because I only sampled two small dishes that were excellent. The char siu pork that provided a generous portion for about $7.00 as well as the coconut curry shrimp. Both are great values and taste great too. The $8.00 Sake was also good if you like Sake which I do. We also got the Pad Thai that had a rather heavy sauce that I found to be overbearing & sweet. I have had much better Pad Thai elsewhere so I can't recommend that dish. I plan on going back and sampling the other small dishes in the near future. I say give it a try.
After a two year teaching stint in Korea with various trips through Japan, Cambodia and Thailand I can honestly say that this restaurants does a nice job capturing the flavors present in the food I ate while abroad. However, the ONLY dish that really flopped was the Green Papaya Salad. It lacked all flavor and heat of an authentic one. The roast duck, roast pork belly, mee goreng, etc. were all divine! Also, the alcohol (beer, wine and sake) was extensive and offered great choices!!! ::smiley face::
The fish in black bean sauce, roti, mee goreng, and green beans with pickled veggies were all awesome.
We have always enjoyed the great dishes we have had at Hawkers. Tonight we entered a new and possibly dangerous realm.  Delivery. As always, the roti canai was on point. We also had some pad Thai, which was delish, as well as some wonderfully smoky lo mein with chicken and nice crisp veggies. If you live close by, don't bother with the in-app delivery option, just call them up and they will get it out to you quick, fresh and best of all, still hot! Great work, Hawkers.
Man the food is so good and the beer is yummy. They don't always have all the craft beers on the menu so that is frustrating,  but they carry a unique variety.  My family and I have been there many times and had one negative experience with undercooked protein. The staff is always so friendly and the place is packed but wait time goes fast. It is tight in there but seating is well spaced so you don't rub shoulders with strangers. It is very loud with high ceilings, not the best first date place if you want an intimate chat or business meeting.
This is a fun place to go with a few friends to share small plates. They have a good happy hour with $3 small plates and beer selections.  Our waiter was super friendly and the whole staff was helpful an nice. The  summer rolls - I got them without shrimp- and oriental jerk chicken skewers were worth another visit.  I also had the curry mashed potatoes and curry meatballs. They were okay, I would have preferred a different curry flavor with them.  The curry laksa soup was the best thing I tried. Spicy and unusual flavors - so delicious!  Order that.
We order mostly Malaysian food but it was not as authentic as I thought. The food was good overall; I would not mind come back. Although i would cautious about the wait. They take no reservation but I m a bit confuse when they explain that if I call ahead of time they will put your name on the top of the list in front of the people that have walk-in **confused** The server was very very nice; she told the manager n he came to apologize personally ^_^
I was in Orlando for a conference taking place at Disneyland and all I wanted to do was find something away from the tourists which lead me here.  It was Wednesday evening and the place was packed, so I sat down at the bar for a very enjoyable meal.   My order Roti - This is probably the main "must order" here, really fantastic, the order comes with1 but they brought me a second as soon as they saw I hadn't mad it through the curry sauce with the first one.  Definitely get this, I would almost come back just for this dish. Cantonese Cod - Ok so this tasted pretty much like they got it right, it's just not a dish that's right for my pallet (my mistake here).   Roast Duck Noodle Soup - 2 issues with this one.  Major lack of duck meat, mostly skin in mine, and the texture of the noodles was not correct.  They were really flaky and fell apart in the soup.  Noodles definitely need work here.  Broth was tasty though. Service was great, spent most of my time chatting with the bartender who was waiting on me.  I will probably be back on my next swing through Orlando.
One of the best restaurants in Orlando. They have a variety of south-east Asian food that is reasonably priced and full of delicious goodness! I particularly like their tom yum, curry laksa, sautéed bok choy, char kwey teo, crispy canton noodles and the best of all...roti canai!! I never get tired of Hawker's. They also have excellent customer service. My fiancé ordered pad Thai without shrimp but when his food arrived, there was shrimp in it. He picked it out of his food. Our server noticed the shrimp as he was walking by and immediately came over and apologized to us. The manager did the same and did not charge us for the pad thai and made us some delicious pad thai (w/o shrimp) to go! I think the situation was handled very well. Kudos to Hawkers staff!
Hawkers is one of my favorite places in Orlando.  Great staff and great food.  Lots of choices.
We have been looking forward to coming here so much since we saw the reviews on Yelp. We drove over 30 min to get here.  The restaurant looks nice, but the food is no where close to hawkers street food.  We've traveled through Asia, so we know what good hawker food taste like.  The food here is so watered down!  No flavor at all.  Honestly, I think this restaurant is geared toward unadventurous people to make them feel that they're adventurous eaters.
I had never had "tapas" until I visited Hawker's in the Summer of 2013. Six months later, it's easily a monthly visit minimum. The food is well prepared, but too often service is slow. The friendly hipster/punk/goth service staff will gladly walk you through their expansive (read, huge) menu of sharable finger-foods, noodle bowls and of course (my favorite) DUCK TACOS! However, they always seem to congregate behind the bar, and refills or plate pick-ups can be sparse, so you might have to pull some agression on them. Nonetheless, the clean tables lined with Oriental newspapers under Lucite (think crab-shack meets Ale-House) add to the goofy ambience of this bizarre collection of unconventional fusion of street-food and fine dining. I really wish they'd turn the TV's to more suitable programming, as I don't enjoy slurping ramen to football games. Take your friends! Also, the Creme Brulee Tea dessert is the best thing on the menu!
Thw tastiest, most well priced asian food I've had in the longest time. The flavour of the pad thai, roast duck, and roast pork was insane!!
Colonial Drive near Mills is the Asian area of Downtown Orlando.  This is the one asian restaurant that's open until 11pm on a Saturday night.  All the other restaurants seem to close around 9:30pm-10pm. Anyhow, they have Awesome, reasonably priced food.  We were in the mood for hot noodle soup and got the Cantonese Beef noodle soup, the Malaysian Prawn Mee and the summer rolls.  They were both delicious and surprisingly authentic. The beef noodle soup is Hong Kong style, 牛腩面.  The egg noodles and bokchoy in beef broth were flavorful and hot, and the beef was tasty and tender.  I wish it would have had a little more beef in it though.  The Malaysian Prawn Mee had a lot of meat: chicken, shrimp, bokchoy, fried onion and definitely had some spice to it.  Each large bowl of soup was about $8. They didn't just have noodle soups here...they had rice dishes, pan fried noodle dishes, and small asian dishes-- similar to tapas.  The restaurant is small, but clean, and kind of trendy.  Service was prompt and the staff was friendly. Overall--it's fast, tasty and affordable in an up-and-coming part of town.  Will definitely be coming back.
Everything is great.  Enough said.
Amazing food!!! I love going to Hawkers every time I'm over by Colonial/Mills. The prices are extremely fair and you can order many dishes to share between yourself and also a date. The 3 items that are my favorite are "char kway tao" "kimchi fried rice" and a "roti cani". When i get the Char Kway though I always get Udon noodles with it instead of its standard rice noodles. The Udon noodles are a little thicker and soak in the flavor of the food a little more.
Hawkers Asian Street Fare is a great place to eat!  The menu is pretty extensive and on the first visit it took a little while to read and order.  The wait staff was helpful and I was grateful to be dining with someone who had eaten there previously.  I have now eaten there on three occasions and have enjoyed each visit.   As stated in other reviews there are some excellent items on the menu and others that were not to my personal liking.  As with all restaurants that serve a wide variety of food, I tried some new items and liked some and not others.  Now I know what I enjoy and stick to those items.   I found the serving sizes to be adequate and the prices to be reasonable.  When I am in this part of Orlando, I will always choose Hawkers.
I had been here once before but it's been close to 2 years.  My first experience wasn't amazing but I don't recall it being horrible either.  On the exterior, the place is well maintained and has an obvious Asian influence.  Parking is limited and I ended up parking on the street instead.  Upon entering, there is a bar on the left and restrooms to the right.  Hawkers serves beer, wine and sake. All the tables had Chinese newspapers as the underlying decor. My server was Megan, very friendly, prompt and courteous.  She explained the menu well since there were some first-timers in the group.  The laundry list of food we ordered were the Basil Fried Rice, Siu Yoke, Pot Stickers, Hawkers' Delight, Roast Duck, Char Kway Teo, Korean Bulgogi Beef Skewers, Five Spice Fish Tacos, Roti Canai, and the Mango Sticky Rice. I absolutely love basil. So, naturally the Basil Fried Rice appealed to me.  Overall the flavor was fine.  My friends said they thought the rice was too greasy.  I probably wouldn't use the word greasy, but it was more "damp" than how I would like my fried rice to be.  Also, the flavor of the basil was not as prevalent.  Overall, it was a good portion size. Next up, we have the Siu Yoke. The roasted pork was served with hoisin sauce.  The pork was tender but very salty.  I don't mind salt at all, but this was just salty.  Also, the hoisin sauce didn't look right.  The sauce tasted fine but it looked like it had been warmed up.  The consistency was a bit off from the standard. At the same time, the Pot Stickers were brought out.  You can either have it steamed or pan-fried.  The Pot Stickers were decent although the sauce accompanying it, was very watery and lacked flavor. One of my friend's selected the Hawkers' Delight, which consisted of carrots, straw mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, napa cabbage, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, tofu, and broccoli.  That's a good bit of stuff and the flavor was good.  Not bad I say, not bad at all.  Unfortunately my next few dishes weren't that spectacular.  I was quite displeased with this duck.  It was bland, the duck fat definitely wasn't rendered properly.   I had the Fish Tacos, which was alright.  At least this dish wasn't bad, but I probably wouldn't continue to order it. Next up, we have the Korean Bulgogi Beef Skewers.  The flavor of the skewers were okay although the meat itself was a bit of the charred side.  Some portions of the meat were a bit tough. The beef here could have been marinated more.  On the end of the plate, there were a side of kim chi.  This kim chi was just overtly sour, not spicy and just awful.  One of my friends and I both stated we're glad we didn't get the Kim Chi Fried Rice.  Sour fried rice just doesn't appeal to me. Char Kway Teo, Flat rice noodles, bean sprouts, shrimp, chicken... What's not to like?  Oh yeah, the lack of flavor.  I'm glad the proteins weren't overcooked but the overall flavor of the dish wasn't that great.  I was half tempted to ask for some fish sauce and some sriracha.  Half of the dishes we ordered were "signature dishes" but I think they need to reevaluate some things.   The Roti Canai.  It's a Malaysian flatbread served with a curry sauce. Warm, flaky, crisp flatbread dipped in a spicy, curry sauce.  The consistency was there, the flavor was there, the color was there.  I could recommend this although for $3 for one flatbread is overpriced in my book.  If you have others that want more flatbread then it's an additional $1.50. The Sitcky Rice with Mango sounds good.  Purple rice simmered in coconut milk, with mango pieces and mango ice cream.  Sounds really good, doesn't it?  I do love me some mango.  Well, they get points for presentation.  Purple rice, how pretty!  Now for the actual taste of it.  Well, I could taste the coconut milk in the rice although the rice was very stiff.  I found the black grains of rice very distracting to chew through.   So final thoughts on this place?  I probably won't be coming back here anytime soon.  It's such a shame, because I've read so many good things and heard so many good things.  How can it be that the whole group and I didn't find anything we really enjoyed?  Hawkers really ought to kick up the flavor about 4 notches.  I really feel like I got a good sample of the menu and no dishes really impressed me.  Perhaps it was for good reason why I didn't recall my last experience here.
The decor is pretty modern and clean. The servers were very nice and accomodating. The menu is an interesting concept but it has poor execution. I knew it was too good to be true! All asian cuisines at one place?! I gave it a try anyways.. Banh Mi Pork Belly Sliders - Eh.. The pork belly by itself would've been fine. This was just okay for me. It needed some type of sauce to cover the dryness up, and not just a huge chunk of fat. Goi Cuon - peanut sauce probably came from a can.. but they try and upcharge the crap out of you for this. $4 for spring rolls without meat (which is just some noodles wrapped in rice paper. If you want meat, you gotta pay $2-3 more. Curry Roti - This was not bad, but I definite have had better. The curry is the way to go though! Curry Laksa - Probably the favorite for me of the night. It had a good broth and decent portion of noodles, veggies, and meat. Tom Yum Soup - Gross. Do not get this if you are looking for anything close to authentic soup. Korean Bulgogi Lettuce Wraps - The ones are Pei-Wei are better.. It just lacked flavor for me. I could not taste the meat but only veggies. Wings & Sauce - The wings itself were nice, the sauces were HORRIBLE. Honey Sriracha and Thai Chili. Malaysian Satay Skewers - The beef was not edible for me, it was just so gross. The chicken was not far behind. Char kway teo (Stir-fry Udon) - Good flavor, but horrible ratios. There was definitely not enough udon and way too much onions, and I LOVE onions. Also, don't get the 2 for 1 mimosas, they suck. Disappointment of a place I was semi-excited to try. I came in with doubts for a place that could execute multiple asian flavors, and all my doubts came true.
Oh PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEEEEEEEEEEEEASE! Open up one of your restaurants in Sarasota!!! We are completely void of unique south east asian cuisine like you get at Hawkers Asian Street Fare. You will completely put PF Chang's out of business. We are desperate here in Sarasota for South East Asian food and Chinese food. Please note Foodies of SRQ. You need to gas up the car, drive to Orlando and eat at Hawkers Asian Street Fare. I used to fly to Thailand, Vietnam, China and Bali. This is about as good as your gonna get without going to Los Angeles or SF for authentic South East Asian food. I'm not going to get into details, because +300 reviews can't be wrong. We had Coconut Shrimp, fried green beens, various Malaysian noodle and nan type bread & curry dishes, and seafood. The worst thing we ate was the coconut shrimp, and it was some of the best coconut shrimp I ever tasted. My only complaint was we only got four small shrimp, but it was excellent. The amazing (yet small) coconut shrimp was not match for the Malaysian dishes offered on the menu. Simply and amazing experience and VERY AFFORDABLE! Only critique is the service may be a bit slow at times. the food makes up for it. This place always "bumped up the game". We had Vietnamese Coffee at the end. When they served it to us, it was not like the traditional drip coffee experience you typically get at authentic Vietnamese restaurants. You take a sip...you feel like your in Hanoi or Ho Chi Min City. Owner's of Hawkers Asian Street Fare, please take note: if you open one up in SRQ,  you will have customers from bradenton, sarasota and north port lining up out the door!
Hawkers deserves my five star rating on every level. Today for lunch was my first experience and it was AMAZING! Our waiter was Eric C. and right off the bat I asked him what his favorite vegetarian dishes were - he nailed it and was super knowledgeable about the dishes. He was super friendly and laughed at us when I asked if we could get a milk jug full of their coconut curry dipping sauce so I could chug it. It's that good, trust me. Okay, so let's get to business....I was with two other people, and between the three of us we were total fat kids and ordered probably 10 things. Here's what we got (that I tried, anyway...one of the people I was with got a few meat dishes so i can't speak for those): Jicama salad - super cold, crispy and fresh. Tastes like water chesnuts with a zesty red sauce on it. Yum. Roti Canai - Above and beyond the BEST dish! Holy crapballs, imagine if Indian naan had a croissant's baby. And then lightly fry that S. YUM. And it comes with the coconut curry dipping sauce, which I had to fight urges to eat with a spoon. Hawker Fries - Meh. They're fries with some spices on it. They were fine, but if you're gonna go here don't get fries! Too American. This one wasn't my choice to order :) Stir fry bean spouts - So good! Very smokey flavor, and you get a HUGE portion for $3. Tofu pad thai - Finalllllly, some Pad Thai in this town that I can stand behind! It was perfect. And the tofu is lightly fried, but not too much. SUPER AMAZING YUMMYTIMES. Tofu lomein - Good flavor, crispy broccoli, overall totally great, but I tried it after the pad Thai that ruined me because nothing else could live up to it. Next time I'm gonna try the basil fried rice and the tofu bahn mi slider. So in closing, this place is the jam. HUGE selection, exciting concept, pretty chill surroundings, and most importantly (to me) really quality flavors, textures, service, and VEGGIE OPTIONS! You gotta go and bring your friends. I can't wait to take my fiance back with me next time, and to get a beer while there...apparently they have a huge selection!
Tuesday was my niece's 13th birthday. We didn't know where to go for her birthday. She wanted something a little nicer than a Chipolte's - casual sit down. We decided to drive down 17-92 and stop at whatever place took our fancy. We were getting tired of driving and saw Hawkers. It looked nice so we went in. It touts being Asian street food. I have been to many parts of Asia and will tell you this is definitely the American version of Asian food - which was fine with me! The food is served tapa style and when it is ready. If I had known how quick they were going to serve the food I would have staged it better. They were fast! We ordered the pot stickers (delicious!), basil fried rice (unique and yummy), lettuce wraps (good), shrimp sliders (unique and good), roti canai (flat bread with a delicious curry sauce!)  and the best dish was the Hong Kong won ton soup. Most gorgeous bowl of soup I have ever seen. A meal in one! Everything looked fresh and wonderful. Our server was Jesse. I made it clear to her it was Ava's birthday. She was sweet and gave us a complimentary dessert of vanilla ice-cream (fabulous) with what looked like caramel filled fried tortillas. YUM. It was a lovely end to our dinner. I requested that the manager come over so that I could provide feedback on Jesse who was a delight. Eric Chan, manager, was very professional and service oriented. I gave this a five because it was a nice surprise, had fresh and delicious food, prices were excellent and service was great. I wouldn't say it has the coolest layout for a restaurant but it is clean and has a nice little bar and roomy (you are not packed in) which I really like. Check it out!
5 stars because of the price per quality value.  This place has it right.  Order: Fried green beans Shrimp Roti Skip the desert
Amazing. always great service, HUGE list of beer and cider, great portions at SUCH cheep prices. favorite place for the boyfriend and i to visit. EVERYTHING is fresh and made to order which is really amazing i recommend their beef stew and their bulgolgi wraps! plus, try their special desserts when they have em!
I love this place for an interesting meal, with great flavor and consistent quality.   Service is not fast, but the food is worth the wait.  Ask for William, he is an excellent Server! I suggest calling ahead to get on the seating list, as they do not take reservations. #CBSays definitely worth a visit!
When it first opened It was great. They had a menu change and we had couple of ok meals. We've just eaten again and it was delicious. Pad thai, chicken udon stir fry, five spice calamari and summer rolls.
Awesome beer selection and both times we've gone our group ordered 10+ small plates and have not been disappointed. The meatballs are very good, as were the curries (chicken w/ brown rice). The fried green beans are a must. Potstickers, egg rolls, and spring rolls all good as well. We also ordered wings which were good but a dry rub w/ sauce on the side, didn't really do much for me, but I don't see it as a wings place so I wouldn't hold it against them. A must go! Also, it always seem slow around 6-7 when we arrive, but every table is full around 8 and a wait is beginning.
The truth is...a menu like this could give someone anxiety if it wasn't for the tapas/small-plates style serving, which lets you sample pretty extensively (as well as plan which ones will have to wait until next time. And yes, yes I did.) The spot is pretty cozy with a small bar and a small patio (and a small parking lot). Located just past Wally's on North Mills, I'd recommend looking for street parking once you get anywhere in the vicinity. I really enjoyed the Roto Canai, Roast duck, beef Banh Mi, and Singapore Mei Fun. The beer menu was pretty impressive, and featured a good amount of Lagunitas brews, and Florida brews too (bottles only though). The sake menu had maybe 8 or so choices and is something I will explore on my next visit, along with the skewers, fish filet with black bean sauce, and soups! I wasn't a fan of the Hawker's Fish Taco though...it was more like a fried fish stick, and there are just way better fish tacos in Orlando. The service was super mediocre. The host did a great job keeping everyone organized and educated as to when tables would open up, but the table service was pretty mundane. We waited awhile to be greeted; and although she was friendly and did a good job giving us a tour of the menu, when our food finally started arriving we had to wait for plates, napkins, chopsticks. Drinks were routinely empty. I manage to ignore bad service pretty decently, especially when busy eating, so it didn't impact the experience too much (but it certainly was a factor in not giving 5 stars). I would definitely advise avoiding sitting on the patio though, as the customers there seem to have been the ones that were being ignored the most. One thing that should be noted is: the word "authentic was only mentioned on the  skewers and the roast duck soup; and "traditional" was only indicated on a couple of the rice dishes. So, interpret that how you like...but I think most of the menu consists of "salutes", "reinterpretations", and Hawker's "twists" in an attempt to find a nice happy medium for those wanting punch-in-the-face flavor vs. those hesitant about being over-spiced. I'll definitely be back though. For dinner, and for lunch. And with friends.
Love the concept but the food itself just gave was just pedestrian.  Most of the other reviews pretty much summed it up.  But just to reiterate: Chipotle-ish decor. Wide array of tapas and dishes. Endless cycle of Asian-themed episodes of No Reservations on their TVs (why??) The Curry Laksa looked awesome but it the soup itself was lacking flavor.  Each of the ingredients alone were a esome (fried tofu, hard boiled egg, stewed chicken, chinese broccoli, and lots of chilis) except the soup base itself was underseasoned.  If you took away all those other ingredients, the flavors were uninspired and honestly a little boring to eat. The Chilled Tofu dish would have been much better if more sauce/seasoning had been poured on. Lastly, the roast pork dish was good, but it was served cold and a little undercooked (fat was too chewy even for me)  Not better than the exact same roast pork dishes at a true authentic Chinese restaurant.  The sauce was just hoisin sauce straight out of the bottle. The whole experience left you with this shoulda, coulda, woulda type feeling.  With a few tweaks, this place could have been really great but as of right now, overhyped and it'll leave you a little disappointed (esp. if you're Asian)
Great food. It can be a little more expensive if you aren't careful. I would suggest at least 4 different plates to split between 2 people. Very solid craft beer selection for a random restaurant. It's a bit expensive for a lunch date, however, I'm not sure it is a great environment for dinner. Just pretty casual feeling. The staff is all really nice. I've never had a bad experience there. Been there 4 different times. I would recommend this place if you are ok spending $20+ for two people.
Excellent street  Asian cuisine. Great atmosphere, friendly,great value and portions. Not you average restaurant... They are one stop shop Asian experience on your taste buds.
Tapas, yes.  Small portions...no!  Equals a great experience here. Holy cow,  stuffed beyond belief after dinner there.  Can definitely give a thumbs-up for the following items,  each was amazing: Sesame noodles (GREAT portion, enough for 2 to share, and a good mix of peanut butter type flavor with some soy sauce). Asian tofu curry (another great portion, when accompanied by rice, could easily be shared between two people) Roti (an order comes with just one, which is still fantastic, its got this great mix of being crunchy and just a little.......oily, for lack of a better word, in a good way though, lol) Lettuce wrap chicken (another great portion, but of course this was from the right side of the menu where they were supposed to be greater portions.  fantasic mix of chicken you can wrap up in a piece of lettuce and eat, a good way to lose the flour tortillas and use those carbs on something else. Spring rolls (I must not know my asian fare because I'd swear these were egg rolls and not spring rolls.......but maybe we stole someones order, who knows.  These were like any egg roll you've had before, still good!) Coconut Curry Shrimp (this came with 4 or 5 shrimp, good sized, and yes.....crunchy and delicious). Add a bottle of the Ty-Ku Silver sake, $15 still seemed completely reasonable for a bottle of good sake.  So, dabble with the menu, share some items, carve out what you end up liking from the menu, and you're sure to have a pleasant time here.  The wait staff could not have been more pleasant.   Which is really the icing on the cake.
Great concept and variety but service was mediocre... server forgot 2 dishes even after being reminded, took forever to get check,
5 Stars for great customer service; delicious, inventive food; and a fun atmosphere. I have to say that I wasn't always such a big fan of Hawkers. My thoughts have changed ever since I decided to try some new dishes and I noticed how great the customer service is. First, my go-to dishes: - Roti Canai. Do you love warm bread? Yes? Then take everyone's advice on Yelp and order this. It comes with one piece of Roti, but I suggest adding a few more and sharing with friends. - Fish Filet with Black Bean Sauce. This dish was not one that would have appealed to me by the name, but after having a Yelp event at Hawkers where they brought this out I'm hooked! Fear not- it does not taste like your typical Latin American Black bean dish. It's sweet and tart and perfect for those who are not huge fish fans because it masks any bit of fishiness that the dish could have. BIG FAN. - Grilled Lettuce. Right now Hawkers has a check-in offer for their grilled lettuce and though the dish sounds kind of boring, it's actually really surprising! The lettuce is grilled with some sweet and smoky sauce. This dish is a great, light start to a meal. - They have some great beers! Check the list and ask for recommendations! So, about the customer service- it's GREAT! From the moment you walk in the hostess is always very friendly and gives you a good indication of the time if there's a wait. Luckily, I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes as there are constantly people entering and finishing their meals. What really struck me was how flexible the server was when it came to splitting the checks. I've been to a few places recently that struggles with keeping up with who ordered what and splitting shared dishes, but the server was happy to offer to split our shared dishes and the checks came out without a hitch! Yes, parking can be a bit rough, but this is Mills50! There's plenty of street parking and a little walking never hurt anyone! Overall, I'm a big fan!
Thank you, Yelp, for leading me out of generic resort foodland and into the doors at Hawkers. A group of eight of us went for lunch yesterday, pretty late (1:30pm or so), were seated quickly, and served giant heaps of delicious food. The spice level was noticeable but not overwhelming (with sides of hot sauce for the more adventurous), the service was on point, the beer list was extensive, and the bill was completely reasonable. My favorites were roti canai (also dipped fries into the canai - highly recommended), duck tacos, and char kway teo. My least favorite was banh mi, whose bread to fillings ratio seemed too heavy on the bread side, but it was still tasty. I think we ordered at least 10 things though, and all of them were at the least above average, and at the best really excellent. I do wish they had had some tasty non-flammable drinks though. A thai coffee or ginger lemonade would've hit the spot.
Hawkers is pretty good. Nothing fantastic though.
Went here for the first time and while the place is pretty cool inside and I like the concept the food was not that good. I had the 5 spice fried cod bites which had literally no flavor and didn't come with any sort of sauce. Super bland. The bok choy (spelling wrong I think) also super bland and the steak banh mi which had like a slaw type inside and the steak honestly tasted like I would imagine dog biscuit would taste like. It wasn't good. I would go to yum mi for banh mi instead. Also our server was crazy she must have come over to our table no less than 20 times between asking for our order and then seeing how our food was. I just wanted to leave so she would leave us alone.
Hawker food is the reason for our vacations to SE Asia, so it was a great surprise to find a place in Orlando styling itself after the hawker tradition. This sleek, stylish eatery dishes up small, sharable plates and a rocking beer list to go along. The roti canai featured perfect, pillowy rotis with an awesome curry - meatballs in the same gravy were also very good. The laksa and the tom yum soup bowls were great, and both duck tacos and duck banh mi were crowd pleasers as well. Fish with black bean sauce, char kway teow and ginger chicken were satisfying, and fries and fried green beans were the perfect beer snacks. Less exciting were the Malaysian prawn mee soup, sesame noodles, and pad thai, which all seemed like run of the mill American versions. Five spice shrimp barely tasted like five spice, but overall the misses were fewer than the hits. There's something to please everyone here - great for a gathering of old friends. Don't forget to ask for chili oil!
Good and bad things about Hawkers. Yes I will keep eating there, but it is ALL about which plates you try.  I loved the Curried Mashed Potatoes, and the Spicy Udon bowl.   I also love the Tempura Green Beans and the beer selection beats any Asian place.   I eat Asian food at least twice a week at the various Thai, Korean and Viet places around town so I won't even compare Hawkers to a real Asian place.   BUT the prices are very reasonable for the fare.   I did not like the coconut fried shrimp at all.  It was dry and scratchy.   I also had the Hawkers Delight and the brown sauce was way too sweet and not at all appealing. Great location, that's the best thing about Hawkers.  It's very convenient when you are heading out to a play.  Plus the prices and beer make it a win.   If you have a choice though, eat down the street at a real Asian place. Service was pretty unattentive to say it nicely.  I'm a very tough critic in this regard. I expect speedy, efficient and "quiet" service from wait staff as I was a wait staff manager in college.    The staff here acted as if it was more important to stand up at the front and chat than service their floor.    We waited over 15 minutes for the staff to bring us an extra 2-top table to expand our party even though we told them at the time we sat.   To the point of three of our party standing at the dining room waiting.   (when they should have pulled an available deuce from the MANY empty tables next to ours)
Great selection and fills you up
Ying is the best waitress ever and this place is the best place ever. Much respect due. This is my fourth time here. I will be back soon. Thanks
Good food, nice atmosphere, good prices.
After a few more experiences, remembering to try different foods than I have on previous occasions, I'm updating my review and adding a star. Once I got past trying things I wanted to like and started trying things I wasn't sure about, I definitely am liking Hawkers more. First off, I'm wondering how I had never ordered the Roti Canai before cause that stuff was GOOD. A must to start off the meal!! The Hawkers Meatballs were super tasty, and I like the spicy sauce that comes with them. I was really surprised by the Fish Fillet with Black Bean Sauce; Cod isn't something I would typically order, but it was really good!! Also a fan of the Hawkers Skewers and the lettuce wraps. Service is still not fantastic. I went earlier this week and our waitress was just... not rude, but not friendly either. She did do a good job on keeping our drinks filled up, but she could have been a bit more friendly.
Great spot in Orlando. Sat at the bar on a fairly busy Wednesday night. Started with Roti Canai, Siu Yoke, AND Fish Filet with Black Bean Sauce. For me, the highlight was the Fish Filet followed by the Roti Canai. I wasn't a big fan of the Siu Yoke, but everyone else in my party seemed to be! We then each had the Stir Fry Udon, which really was memorable. Just the right amount of heat and flavor. Will definitely order this again upon returning! We skipped dessert this time around.
Absolutely  Amazing Food!  The pot stickers are made home made with ground chicken and are simply to die for.  I also love the Black Bean Fried Fish dish.....very simple but loads of flavor!  I promise you will not be disappointed. :)
I enjoy how unique this restaurant is. Asian fusion tapas! When we arrived at the restaurant, it was happy hour which was awesome to save some money and get to try more dishes. We order several dishes. The pork belly was very fatty, but had good flavor. The duck tacos were small but packed with tender pieces of duck with hoisin sauce and green onion. Our favorite dishes by far were the roti with curry and the BBQ pork. The curry was creamy and had just the right spice, it was simply perfect. The BBQ pork was marinated in a light sweet sauce. When I was researching this place and reading the reviews I figured the portions would be enough to have a family style dinner, but the dishes are small. Hence the tapas description, just a taste. You may have to order a few more to really be full. The place does resemble a quick sit down, similar to Chipotle. Overall, we had a great experience. The service was great. I just wish the portions were bigger for the price.
I love this place. Feel: It's a fun, hip venue, but not too hip it's pretentious. The staff have all been nice, and servers friendly and attentive. Food: tapas, good prices. Fun to share with friends/family. So far, the food has been good, but I often get the same items! I love the noodles Black Haw Fun, maybe a bit too much oil, but i still like it.  The summer rolls (non-fried) I like as well, the fried green beans were okay. Fries, good. - The sauces the food has come with are fun to try, and a lot of them tasty! They have a dessert too, forgot the name, that is fried and great to share. Need to go back and try other food! Happy Hour/drinks: The happy hour $3 food/drink choices from 3-6 make it fun to try other items, and give a very affordable option. But they have a good variety of wine, sake, beer, including unfiltered sake which i love. Other: They get busy, so you might have to wait a while during peak times. Parking can be on the streets/around neighborhood, as parking lot is small. Overall:  The ambience, decor, staff, and food make this a favorite for me and friends. Also kid friendly. and outdoor patio too.
We tried Hawkers again and tried only the items that the server recommended and everything was really good! My favorite was the cinnamon crepe and ice cream dessert. We also really liked the pancake/curry appetizer and the Malaysian Bon Mee too. The fried pork needed a sauce with it and so we asked for the chili and that was a nice combo. I'd skip the pad thai though. Fun atmosphere and although there was a line at 8pm on a Friday, at 6:30pm we only had to wait a few minutes. Sitting outside on a fall night was really nice too.
My husband and I sat at the bar at the entrance.  Our server was Justin, nice guy great service.  I had the curry laksa. Not too spicy, and just hot enough for this cold Orlando night! We started with a Roti Canai. Also spicy. This was the theme of the night.  Cause hubby had the Tom Yum. Talk about spicy! Hot but still yummie. All in all a great experience worth revisiting.
This place was amazing!  My boyfriend and I came here for the first time last night, on a friend's enthusiastic recommendation.  We ordered WAY too much for just 2 people: 6 smaller plates and 2 of the larger noodle bowls, plus beer.  All of our food was mouthwatering, and I especially loved the roast duck dish - soo tender! Our server was fabulous, explaining the menu concept and the huge beer selection, and was attentive to our drinks and empty plates. To anyone complaining about the portion size, that's crazy!  The Tapas-style is fantastic for real food adventurers, and the prices are just right, especially considering how expertly-prepared and delicious every bite is!  You want more for less?  Go ahead and get a "value meal" at your local fast food chain, and leave the good eats for those who can appreciate flavor! :) I was so excited about the tastiness of everything last night that I have recruited some people from my office to go back there with me for lunch today, so I can share the love!
The first time I went to hawkers it was pretty good and impressed although it far from Chinese steet food. Remember street food is on the go not served on plates .  However, the second time not so much impressed . Floors were dirty and the windows we were seated next to was greasy and needed cleaning. Still not a problem really.  Consistency was the problem here.  The third visit which was my final had poor tasting food and was out of most everything I wanted to eat! The place was still dirty and the small plates were just not a tasty as the first time I went to this establishment.   1 out 3 is not good.  Consistency, Consistency, Consistency.
5 stars one of my favorite places for date night, girls night, or to take the parents! They can make the food as spicy and mild as you would like which I appreciate! I could eat the roti cani for days! I love supporting local businesses  and this is by far one of my favorites!
Finally after wanting to go here for months I got to experience this amazingness and now understand why there's always such a wait! Went on a Sunday afternoon and it was nice & quiet. I ordered the chicken lo mein, which was so tasty! Even the orange they put in your water is super yummy! Not too mention our server was on point as well, great experience overall... Can't wait to go back!
Nice change of pace from your normal meal.  As someone who usually gets the same food from the same places, Hawkers gives you the chance to get the old reliable (usually the lettuce wraps) and mix in something new (just tried the roasted pork and it was phenomenal).  Some of the plates are pretty small so I would suggest 2-3 plates per person (which ends up being about $15-20 per person, so it's not the cheapest place, but is pretty much always worth it).  Highly recommended to anyone who liked any kind of Asian food (or wants to try some of them for the first time).
