I'm about as much of a regular here as anyone else who knows about this hole-in-the-wall. I bring just about anyone and everyone here if I'm going on a lunch/dinner date or after a night of drinking thanks to their late hours. I've never had a bad experience here and I'm going to CRAVE Takocheena whenever I move away from Orlando. As a mostly plant-based eater, their vegan options are truly one-of-a-kind. Yellow curry beet arepas are my weakness! They can be ordered vegan!!!
Bad ass. Am I in Brooklyn? Punk kids? Mexican coke? Yes! Cod taco was very solid, the hot dog was ok (dog itself was kind of burnt/hard but good spice), and the chicken taco was tasty but I wasn't in the mood for the quantity of chicken. Open until 4AM puts Tako Cheena over the edge. I wish the menu on their website was showing up on my mac so I could be more specific about my order. I need to definitely come back and try it again (maybe I'll bump it up to 5 stars).
I recently went to a place in Fort Lauderdale by the Sea called Jo Jos tacos and I think this place has really raised the bar for me on taco places. Taco Cheena does a good job but it still needs some work.  I think the soft tacos they use are too thick or not fresh enough.  Don't know which it was.   I had the Shrimp Tom Yum Mojo Shrimp I like it was great.  I also had the Thai Peanut Chicken was good.  Last I had was the Hawaiian Chicken taco.  I did not like it.  Too much sauce.  Overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients.
I always bring new people with me to eat here. Their favorite is always the Asian beef taco. The Korean Kimchi burrito is huge but, I wish it had more kimchi....not very hot as I would like it to be. The staff is always amazing.
Food = 4.5/5 If you want lots of great flavors get the three taco deal. If you want to be satiated, get a burrito. Also, there are lots of delicious vegan and vegetarian options. Many dishes can be made veg, and there is delicious tofu and tempeh available. If you want to overindulge, get the dessert. Phe-NOM-inal! But seriously, the dessert has cinnamon and key lime condensed milk and apple reduction. A bit sexual if you ask me. Service: depends. The two or three regular employees kill it, but the trainee is lacking (as could be assumed). Price: fair/good. Size of establishment: small Hours: often open til the wee hours. Good food to go along with alcohol. Drink: no alcohol sold, but BYOB. Haven't done it, not sure how they'd take to a bottle of 151 at lunch time. Toilet paper: 4 rolls. Don't know why. Downside: no silverware or real plates or bowls. All plastic containers and plasticware. Same with cups. Also try their sister restaurant, Pom Poms.
Nothing fancy about the decor, but the food is smokin good with fresh vibrant flavors. If i lived closer it would be a weekly stop!
If it's from Pom Pom, you know it's going to be good! We ordered a little bit of everything and we were not let down by the flavors of anything! The atmosphere is great, different decor than Pom Pom's but it fits with the menu. It's open late and they tend to have a crowd. No crowd I would wonder what's up with the food. Great place for interesting takes on tacos and burritos. Great flavors and great good!
The "takos" are excellent; even the tofu variety is spectacular and super crispy. I'm not as huge a fan of the burritos because of their size, but that's just because I prefer more tapas style cuisine so I can get as much out of the menu as possible. The bulgogi "takos" are delicious and really smack of an authentic cuisine, and the pork belly is pretty fantastic -- but what isn't amazing smothered in pig fat?
Outstanding food. A small, very casual environment. Clearly loves by the locals as it was packed early Saturday evening. Very creative food combinations.
Yum! Everything was delicious. I had the panko crusted cod taco and the Asian braised beef taco and they were both really tasty. We got all of the sauces to try and they were all wonderful. I'd love to go back and try the burritos.
This place reminds me of the city, a very cool hipster vibe. I love the concept of asian fusion meets mexican. The Korean tacos are absolutely amazing, the empanadas are good as well. This is a great late night spot on the weekends, especially after you hit down town.
Some time ago there was a lumber yard or something to do with wood on Mills Ave in the general vicinity, right? Apparently, it was cheaper to import wood from China so someone tore that dilapidated structure down and had plans for some chic trendy development. Well, there is high grass on that site. But all the other little storefronts have started to slowly spring life. In the last couple of years Mills 50, as the area is now being called has blossomed with a cool new vibe. There are artsy signs and murals popping up all over the place, I even saw a utility box covered in whimsical art. One such storefront is Tako Cheena by Pom Pom. "Cheena" in Spanglish means "a Chinese girl", right? That's what my Mexican friend told me years ago, so I am going to stick with that definition. Disclaimer: No discrimination meant. "Tako" or a spin on "taco" is that new food that is all the craze these days, food truck and all. So, we have a union between cuisines? So it would seem, and so it is. The exciting menu is a true fusion between Latin and Asian. It is definitely not the wannabe "Asian fusion" crap that some cooks whip up and ask the Orlando dining public to indulge. No sirry Bob. It is wildly written in many trusted reviews that the chef/owner, Pom, has worked in Nobu New York. If there is anyone in this country who exemplifies Asian cuisine fused with Latin influences it is the Master himself Nobu Matsuhisa. But Tako Cheena's food stops there. Pom is definitely not trying to be Nobu, by a far cry. Quite the opposite. Pom is using the same Nobu philosophy and applying it to quite simple food to make marvelous wonders. I was fortunate on my visit that there was a Tako Special, 3 tacos for $1.99. I'll take Korean Beef, Chinese BBQ Pork Belly Char Su, Asian Braised Beef.  All three meats were packed with flavors, texture, and Umami. Wow! Those little sweethearts are still singing. An assortment of dipping or smear sauces tomatillo and kaffir lime leaf, avocado and wasabi, sweet chili and smoked ghost pepper all packed a kick in the gut. Whoa! African Inspired Braised Beef Burrito with couscous, potatoes, bell peppers, and corn. Where else can you have this? Can they add anything else in there? Can it be bigger? Holly Molly that thing is huge! The prices....dirt cheap, that Burritto was the priciest thing on the menu weighing in at a whopping $7! It is food for everyone at everyone's pocket level. To wash everything down they offer Jarritos, the popular Mexican soda in Grapefruit, Pineapple, Fruit Punch, Mandarin, Tamarind, and Mango flavors, together with Coke and Bottled water. Parking around Mills 50 can be challenging if you are not familiar with the area. Look for parking lots or take your chances on Mills Av. From Mills Av. the red storefront is very intriguing and inviting. Enter an open space with bright orange tables and chairs, blue concrete floor, and an open kitchen. Local art adorn the walls. Pull up a seat at the counter, sit in the dining area or take it to go. Either way, the attendant hands you a little printed menu or guides your swiveling head to the menu board. Place an order......stop, cash only. Ha! Up until today it was. Apparently (their facebook post) said, "Santa came early with a credit card machine." Good for them, because I was ready to gun a whole page about "Cash Only". Tako Cheena by Pom Pom has definitely showed the Orlando dining scene that good food does not have to cost a liver and a kidney. Neither does it have to be pretentious in a big fancy space with bells and whistles. It can very well be from a simple storefront in modest form and be great. Welcome Tako Cheena. Welcome.
Tacos in most of the southeast have been typically related to chains in my experience (Taco Bell, Chipotle, Etc.) so it was refreshing to visit a place that had very authentic fusion cuisine. I had three of the "daily special" Tacos (one Hawaiian, One pork and peppers, and one Lamb meat) and they were all outstanding. Despite their small size (possibly due to me ordering gluten free corn tortillas) they really brought a delicious and complex array of flavors and spices to the palate. The restaurant itself is small and comfortable, and the environment was relaxed. Our server was polite and incredibly knowledgeable, and I will definitely be returning to this joint as an Orlando Standard going forward!
This used to be my favorite take out, but 3 wrong orders over the last few months, and an evening of profuse vomiting tonight, and suddenly my trust in them has wavered. Sorry Tako Cheena.... this is goodbye.
I have very mixed feelings about this place.  I had read some pretty great reviews and after seeing the line on Taco Tuesday at Tijuana Flats (still jonesing for tacos) we decided to try Tako Cheena for the first time instead. We came because we knew they have options for the non meat eaters.  My hubby chose 2 different types of tofu tacos, my daughter got the Cod and I asked if the African Beef burrito could be made veg friendly and they said yes.   So, the Cod tacos, good.  My hubby's curry tacos amazing, his Thai peanut one was OK. My burrito? No likey.  Too much Quinoa.  I expected a bit more than a burrito stuffed with Quinoa and a few pieces of tofu with a tiny bit of other things.  It was essentially a Quinoa burrito.  Did not work for me.  It was just wrong. Plus, most places give you some salsa on the side, here you are charged.  Not much, but it is still the point. It is a teeny weeney itsy bitsy bit of salsa.  Give us a choice of salsa on the side if we are paying $2.75 or more per taco and $7 something for a burrito, and more than just a taste by the way, and if we want more we pay.  MMMkay?   Over forty dollars later we were thinking if we come back we all will just get the Indian Curry taco.
Let me say first off that if the review was based purely on the takos, it would be a solid 5 stars.  Get as many of these delicious asian-mexican fusion flavor bombs as you can, particularly the tofu, braised beef, and fish takos.  What's dropping the review score is the location, seating, and to some extent, the service.  Everyone working there is super friendly, helpful, and trying their best but the tiny place just gets so packed full of hipsters that you have to throw some elbows to make it out alive with your food.  If you can swing it, call in an order, pick it up (the takos hold up surprisingly well as take out) and have yourself a delicious picnic.
Having heard how great Tako Cheena is for some time, I finally made it out a few weeks ago. I have no idea why it took me so long to get here. What a fantastic and unique take on tacos. It is like something out of Austin, TX. I loved everything I tried and will definitely return.
Oh Tako Cheena... If you were a man instead of a restaurant I would marry you and spend my evenings whispering sweet nothings in your ear as you ply me with curry tofu takos smothered in avacado wasabi sauce.
Oh tako cheena, where to begin. Your food is always on point, I've eaten there hundreds of times and have never been disappointed. It does get crowded but it's worth the wait and cramped seating. Definitely one of Orlando's best quick service joints.
Always a fan of hole in the wall places. This place offers the true asian fusion with a spice of south america. I do like the creativity of the food and the artsy vibe of this place. I rated this place 3 stars only because the taste let me down a bit. we ordered the japadog and korean dog, with empenada and curry taco and korean taco. I think they overloaded these entrees with cabbage and red onion. the hot dogs were too thin n not juicy enough. The service was good though, but what resto serves water with no ice? this one does. i would come back to try the burritos, but if i come to find the same thing, then i'm afraid it will be a no go for this place.
Insert my cliche line "How have I not reviewed this spot before?" I have been many times as it lives in one of my favorite neighborhoods, Mills50. It's quick serve sit down. They have a small menu but everything I have had has been really tasty. I try to steer away from too spicy but some here things have a subtle kick. They have featured empanadas daily, grab one, they are delicious. BYOB, score! May favorite takos are the Panco crusted cod taco and the Braised Beef! Closed on Mondays. Friday and Sat open till 4am, hello late night eats!
Since, first  trying Tako Cheena a few months ago, I can say that they have consistently stayed delicious!  The people are always friendly and I never get sick of the menu. I love how they switch the ingredients of their empanadas regularly. The cod tacos are amazing ( and I don't usually like fish), also the panang burrito with chicken or tofu is great as well! Hands down, Tako Cheena is one of my favorites!
My second time into Tako Cheena. Last time was over a year ago. I had a Panko crusted cod toco, mojo shrimp taco, and a vegetable empanada. The flavors in all of them were very delicious, bright and vibrant. The mojo shrimp taco had a slight building heat, it was almost too much for me (I can't handle anything spicy). The empanada which included curry was way too spicy for me. After the first bite I handed it over to my husband who LOVES spicy food, which he gladly devoured.  The cod taco was spot on. A hint of sweet from the fish and some acidity from the coleslaw dressing. It had the perfect balance and flavor. My husband said everything he ordered was amazing as well. If you're not into spicy or have any questions about what to order just ask - the staff is so friendly and passionate about what they are doing. They'll be happy to make recommendations. Unfortunately I didn't' think to ask until after I'd ordered. Lots of good options for everyone - pescatarian, vegetarian, carnivore... The service was outstanding and as friendly as could be. The owner, who we were able to speak with briefly as he personally greeted customers, made us feel like we were at his place hanging out with a friend. The place only seats about 20, but you can get orders to go, or sit outside on the many ledges. Asian infused tacos and burritos, what isn't to love? Can't wait to come back!
The food was ok.  The main thing I did not like about this place was how rude the staff was.  Ordered take out and they got my order incorrect, called back and she basically blamed me for putting in the wrong order.   Will not go back.
The most deserving 5-star rating I've ever given. If there were a sixth star, that even wouldn't be enough. Tako Cheena is one of my favorite places in Orlando to eat. The location is "hipster" but the clientele is all over the map... BECAUSE OF YUM. This is one of those places where I'll try something new, and instead of it replacing one of my "must-haves", I end up just ADDING it to my order every time. Resulting in way too much food. But I eat it all anyway. BECAUSE OF YUM.
What does one do when they move into the area??? They search and seek for morals of belly bomb goodness on Yelp!  So after getting the furniture moved in and boxes stacked we ventured on Yelp and found Tako Cheena. Mexican and Asian fusion....sounds cool to us.  So in the car we go. Upon arriving we landed a parallel parking spot directly in front of the entrance on Mills Ave...surprising because of how packed this little joint was...on the 4th no less. Walking in brought a hip urban feel with a wide variety of munchers sitting at tables enjoying what looked like great tacos. Being our first time, and it so cheap ($2.00-$8.00)....we decided on trying a little of everything.  The highlight for both of us was Tom Yum Shrimp Taco.  We got the Japadog just out of curiosity...it was unique and tasty enough to overcome its one shortcoming...the hot dog itself was a tad overcooked for our taste. The food here is great.  It is exactly as advertised....food truck food in a restaurant.  Would have enjoyed a great micro brew or even a Mexican or Japanese beer to wash the inventive fusion tacos....but this place....hands down should not be overlooked if you are looking for something low cost and good.  Who says fast food can't be made great!!!!!
This place is great. I tried 3 different tacos and they were all really good but my fav by far was the fried cod taco. The place is tiny and my friend I ate with did say seating can be a pain sometimes.
The Korean Beef Taco is the reason I'm rating this place 5 stars - absolutely love it and will come back again and again for it! The mojo shrimp taco and cod taco are also yummy (4 star worthy).  Would not recommend the chicken or Indian tacos, not as moist or flavorful as some of the others. The cucumber water is a nice touch, refreshing. Have been here a few times, Looking forward to coming in more and trying some other menu items.
I came upon Tako Cheena by one 'happy accident'..I am a regular business traveller to Orlando and this most recent trip was a ling stretch of eight days.  As I was a combination of lazy once I got to the hotel from work, and not wanting to deal with the humidity of Orlando summers, Doorstep Delivery and Grubhub were my best buds- but u can only eat so much pizza , sushi and gastro pub food tako cheena wasn't set up for grubhub and neither did they deliver downtown - that's the reason for the illusive 'fifth star' lol As for the food, I can only vouch for the tacos - to be some of the most delicious and creative I've eaten and savored I had the taco trio of different flavor profiles- crispy tofu with curry , Korean beef w the sweet/salty sauce and the amazing pork belly with another great sauce - with thinly shredded cabbage slaw The counter staff were very friendly and good looking, with an upbeat energy - even at 10:30pm- which I was so glad for- not everyone eats dinner at 630pm!!! What's up with Americans and early dinner??????? I took my food back to the hotel but the restaurant space was also very appealing- funky, eclectic artwork and traditional Mexican folk art- not boring, and not pretensious In all- Orlando needed this eatery and I hope it inspires other foodies to open out of the box meals
Love, love, love this concept! Super fun, funky and casual. The Panko crusted Cod Tako, Curry Tofu Tako and Korean Beef Tako were amazing. Light and fresh, good service. Will be back for sure.
When people say this is the best fish taco around, they aren't kidding. As I'm writing this, I'm salivating Pavlov's dog-style. The empanadas change daily so ask to see what they're whipping up. Usually they have one beef, one chicken and one veggie and they're always unique and amazing. The arepas they have as specials are insane... I always want an empanada, a fish taco AND an arepa and I never finish it but it's totally worth the food coma. Homemade hot sauces make me happy. (Try the avocado one) I love condiments. And they have glass bottle Jarritos. Open till 4am on the weekends. Hello, perfect drunk snack! Marry me, Tako Cheena!
To be honest, at first I was completely skeptical about this place. A mix of asia and latin just was strange. However, everything that I've tried is awesome! Although I normally make my trips there after a late night of drinking at Wally's, I can still say with confidence I love it! I definitely think they should give some ice water instead of the room temperature water but its not that big of a deal since were able to bring our own beers ;]] AND the service is great all the time.
Hawaiian and Tom yum shrimp tacos were perfectly spicy and freshly made reminds me of Big Star in Chicago
Was in Orlando for vacation and heard great things about this fusion taco place.  It was all around an excellent taco shop.  I tried a few of their different tacos and overall they were good. But the one that stood out the most was the CHAR SIU PORK BELLY taco.  That was by far the best fusion taco i have ever had.  Bursting in flavor with every bite, this taco literally made my eyes pop out and my taste buds buzzing like crazy.  I can not imagine how good it was.  I have tried similar tacos at different shops and taco trucks in Los Angeles but nothing compares to the CHAR SIU PORK BELLY taco at Taco Cheena.  DEFINITELY come and try it!  I promise it will blow your mind!
My family discovered Tako Cheena while on vacation in Florida.  Then I cam back to Winter Park for business and decided to try it out again. Yes, I am a fan....tasty, cheap, and quick. Service is always friendly and my  kids love to take pictures with the owner or chef when they like the food...and it was great that one of the owner was so good to oblige (I believe the other is an Asian lady, but she wasn't there) My first taste of Asian style tacos was in New York City off of a Food Truck.  I know what a taco tortilla taste like, I know what bolgolgi tastes like with kimchi and putting it together was just OK.  It tasted as I expected...nothing to be impressed by. However, Tako Cheena was the first place where the flavors tasted original, care is given to the ingredients and everything comes together so perfectly. I think it is in the complement of sauces that they add, the braised beef falls apart and the red cabbage slaw has a slight tangyness.   I haven't try everything, but so far, everything I have had (including the dessert with the condensed milk) has been tasty.  No need to wait, food comes up quick and tastes fresh.
What Taco Cheena does well, it does VERY well.  Thus you should avoid the mediocre in favor of what they excel at: tacos.  The tacos (all of them) are amazing. Anything else, is going to be certainly passable....... but you want the tacos.  The only thing to straight up avoid is the butter-chicken burrito.  It is very bland and lacks the typical spices and kick of the traditional chicken makhani that it is inspired by.
The service was fast and the food was delicious. Definitely going to hit them up again before I leave town.
This is a cool, hipster joint with great cheap eats. It's an Asian infused taqueria with a wonderful mixture of themes and flavors.  The panko cod tacos were my favorite, but everything was good.  Save room for desert as both the churros and apple-ginger spring rolls were yummy.  Bring your own beer or wine if you crave imbibement as they don't have a liquor license.  Highly recommended.
I've been to Tako Cheena probably weekly since it opened.  It's one of my favorite restaurants in Orlando, whether for a late-night snack or lunch with out-of-towners.  While they have their occasional hiccups like any business, the food is always great and the guys and gals behind the counter are super nice. My top three must-eats at Tako Cheena have to be the cod tacos (fresh, fried, with just a hint of spice), the beef arepa (so juicy, so filling), and the apple-ginger empanadas (served with an amazing tangy-sweet key lime glaze). It's a small restaurant, so it does get crowded!  That's why I usually call ahead, and they're great about getting your order ready before you get there.  Overall, I'm obsessed.
BEST fish tako (Panko crusted Cod) you'll ever have! The Tom Yum shrimp tako and the Indian tofu tako are serious contenders, too. I love the natural sugar Jarritos sodas that they sell. They are consistent, and the staff is friendly. There is always parking if you look hard enough. It's well worth the walk, so don't listen to the lazy people complaining about parking.
Taco Cheena atmosphere is causal, funky, and chill. Some perks about this place: they open until 4am on most days and they serve delicious tacos at a very affordable price. Although, on everyone of my visit, it's been busy, crowded, and a little loud. My favorite taco here has to be the Char Siu pork belly. It's fatty with the right amount of flavor-just hits the spot for me.  Another regular of mine is the Thai chicken- it's lighter in flavor.  I always add the red sweet and spicy sauce to give it more life. Although, without additional sauce it's still pretty good.  I just personally love the extra spice.
I take food seriously, but I rarely ever write reviews on my experiences.  This alone should give you notice on how I feel about Tako Cheena.  The line hanging outside the door in a slight drizzle was my first indication that I may have stumbled upon something great.  The small hole-in-the-wall vibe contributes to the experience.  I took the servers recommendation of the Korean Burrito but added (2) Panko Crusted Cod Tako's based off of the strength of the Yelp reviews.  Though the place was packed I waited longer than I thought was necessary to be served but my long wait was no longer an issue after I took my first bite!  Both the tako and burrito have ridiculous flavors that are unexpected but work so well together!  It has been a week since my first experience and I have ordered lunch from there twice in the last 5 days.  Safe to say, I am indeed a fan!!
Excellent and nicely priced tacos.  Make sure to get the cod taco. I'd rate the food a 5.  But they constantly are running out of something or other.  And it gets really packed too.
It's worth a visit for sure!
Great fusion restaurant. Can be busy. Funky stuff that's yummy! Staff is hit or miss :/
Great food for a great price. Definitely try the panko cod tako!
My favorite spot!!! Best codfish taco ever!!! They always have some new creative taco and their good! The arepas are yummers!!
This place has something for everyone. Tofu, tempeh, beef, fish, chicken. The flavors are amazing and we always leave full and satisfied. The prices are really reasonable. The employees are super friendly and the service is good. However, it seems they are in desperate need for  a bigger place. It is so crowded and loud that it takes away from the experience.  Their system seems confusing to the customer. You go in and find a table and a server will take your order. But, if you are ordering to-go you order at the counter.  So, there is a line at the counter and people who come in assume that they order at the counter. It's a whole backlog of people coming in the door because the seating is inadequate. People who want to eat-in are also waiting in the same area as the to-go people.  It gets to be a crowd around the door and around the counter. Servers can't get back and forth from the kitchen without going through this mess of people. Then once you finish your food at your table, you now have to go wait in the crowd at the counter to pay your check. Oh yeah, the don't bring you a check either. They hold them at the counter. So you just walk up there after you are done eating and when they get to you, you confirm what you just ordered and kind of reference where you were sitting. The whole thing is a mess. Seems they are not prepared for a crowd.  Although I really enjoyed my meal, I can't wait to get out of there. I hope they expand or find a better system to handle the business because their food is so good and the people are so nice.
The tacos were fairly good, so no complaints there. I am a huge fan of the korean bbq taco as many will tell you is a wise choice. If you are downtown and looking for a very authentic experience, try this place.
Amazing! Some friends took us here after a late night downtown. The food is delicious, I had a cheeseburger empanada (perfect). But what I was so impressed by was my vegetarian friends ordered crispy fried tofu taco's - unbelievable! Amazing service very friendly, next time I am in orlando I will be going back guaranteed!
A little marriage of Latin style preparation and Asian flavors, never tasted so delicioso. Tako Cheena has a great thing going on and it was love at first bite for me.   We had the Ginger Pulled Pork Tako, Korean BBQ Tako, and the Thai Peanut Chicken. These tacos were unlike anything I've ever had before; pure flavor explosion in every bit. The decor and location are pretty basic, nothing fancy about it.  I enjoyed this as I was on vacation and the laid back atmosphere combined with the high quality food was right up my alley.
Cheap, delicious food.  I've had the entire menu and I've loved all of it, though the Korean BBQ burrito is fantastic.
This place is just great. Food was delicious and ambience just cool and relaxed.  Had the House Takos and they hit the spot.  Too bad they were out of their hotdogs...next time!
Your friendly neighborhood hipster Asian taco joint. The panko crusted tofu taco is my absolute favorite. They serve delicious, refreshing cucumber water instead of plain old tap water. My only complaint is the lack of parking... I would stop by a lot more often if it was less of a hassle. Open till 4 AM on weekends! :)
After hearing great things at Tako Cheena from friends, and driving past any times, we decided to give it a try. Let me say, we will back.  Many times.   Tako Cheena is a small "hole in the wall" place off Mills - not far from Colonial, or some of my other favorite local jaunts - Hawkers and Fresh Market.  In fact, although it's a bit of a drive, we made this visit in combination with a Fresh Market shopping trip. The menu is simple, but great.  You have a choice of empanadas (chicken, beef or vegetarian), Asian hot dogs, takos (house or specialty) or burritos.  They have a "specials" menu up by the register.  The special of the day was arepas.   I decided to try 2 tacos and 1 hot dog.  I went with the Thai Peanut Chicken Tako, Tom Yum Mojo Shrimp Tako and the Bahi Mi Hot Dog.  They were all delicious. My partner had the Panko Crusted Cod Tako, JapaDog Hot Dog and the Chinese BBQ Char Siu Pork Belly Tako. Well, after trying his, I liked his selections even better - which is saying a lot because I loved mine! We didn't get to try a burrito, although I hear they are amazing.  The Panko Crusted Cod Tako was so good, we got 2 more to-go.  Yes, it was that good. When eating here, try to go at off times if you're trying to eat in as the restaurant is very small with few tables.
Poor Vegetarian Options, Cute Cook, Average Service, the Yellow Curry Tofu was better than expected.
Be sure that you go here when it's not a peak time. The first time I tried to check Tako Cheena out was around 8PM on a Friday. The line was to the door and so I just left and figured I'd try again soon. The second time that I stopped by was later in the night around midnight or so. It wasn't busy at all, and one of the servers told our group to go ahead and sit wherever we'd like. The restaurant is tiny, so it's pretty much an eat-and-go place. There's art on the wall, and the ordering counter is in the back. The server came over to us and went ahead and gave us all water to start since we were all still looking at the menu. I tried two of their tacos and an empanada. Don't quite remember the types of tacos were called but they were delicious. One was a banh-mi inspired one and the other was pork belly. The empanada was interesting but good- it had mac andcheese in it! The server was very attentive and kept our waters filled up. Can't wait to go again and try the other things on their menu!
The food is OUTSTANDING! Service is good, good location, late night hours are convenient. Just all around great! Try the curry tofu tacos, they are amazing.
I went to Tako Cheena after a few drinks... boy am I glad we went.  I had the korean beef taco and the BBQ chinese char siu pork belly taco.  The korean taco was okay, the beef tasted like it was drenched in hoisin sauce. Not a sauce I was expecting in a korean taco. On the other hand the pork belly taco was amazing.  Flavor of the char siu was spot on.. and the pork belly was nice and fatty.  I even ordered another one! Looking forward to my next visit to try some other tacos.
Amazing! Good price, great food, veggie and vegan options!
Cool hipster place but VERY small. Unpretentious and yummy. Panko cod taKo is killer.
First time diner. Ordered specials off the menu, which were fabulous! Service is great and personable. I think I said 'Wow' after every bite.
I love going here for the cod and Asian beef tacos! Sometimes they can get slammed and slow. But, it's worth it.
Great menu concept. Fair price. Adequate service. A few of the tacos and Asian hot dogs were a little over-sauced for my taste. Overall, great for foodies, great for Orlando, great for Asians, great for white people. May Pom make a butt-load of money with this place.
Hands down the best fish taco in O'town. They use Cod and it's cooked to perfection and the sauce/glaze compliments the fish amazingly! One thing i love is that cabbage is used instead of lettuce in the taco. This not only tastes great but holds up better with hot food. The beef empanada is a real fusion of the Asian/Mexican with a curried beef filling that is off the hook.  For a beverage,  they have Pepsi products but I ordered the 'punch' flavored kombucha which was wonderfully refreshing! They are open late 11, and later on weekends.  You will love it and the staff is always wonderful!
BEST FISH TACO the cod - amazing. sweet, and tangy. satisfies all taste buds. also its inexpensive which makes me want to eat more times a week than i probably should.
I usually love Tako Cheena.... however... I brought a few of my friends tonight. BIG MISTAKE. I get that they are busy, and get weeded, but don't be rude. Which is what happened tonight. I waited on a 25+ minute ticket for (JUST TWO) tacos. When I asked what the deal was, the staff got snippy, and really rude. I receded my tip (which was 20%), and the staff got even uglier. I will no longer bring my friends around this establishment, no matter how hard Eduardo tries to make this place happenin'
Fresh, flavorful, friendly, five stars! Love, love, love this place. The best empanadas ever! Truly original.
Food is so good it gets 5 stars despite the fact you need to park in Moscow ( Skarsgard) and the inside seating is uncomfortable. I recommend the taco combo for first timers.  I'm slowly making my way down the menu so I can try everything.  Avoid the fish and shrimp and go right for the beef and pork. So far I love the hot dog sausages yet could leave the chicken burritos.  I can't wait to try the tofu!  Tako Cheena gets me so excited!!! Parking is difficult, being as running across Mills/50 at basically any time of day or night in heels is an accident waiting to happen. Parallel parking is not my friend.  I park on the residential street behind the restaurant, so I take forever to walk over.   It's tiny inside.  For the life of me I don't understand why they don't move some bar stools over to the window instead of having one right in front of the cashier so I  have to talk over/reach my hand over some dude I'd rather *never* have contact with in order to complete my transaction. I love how they are open late for us weekend warriors.  Trust me, the food is just as good sober! **$5 minimum on debit/credit cards
Got take out for the first time tonight.  Place has a great vibe and the service for a take out order was quite good.  Great local artist on the walls.  Chefs were accomodating with a slight change in a menu item.  They served us water with a hint of cucumber while  we watched the kitchen team create our meal from the bar.  Our order came out quickly and when we got home was delicious.  Great vegetarian items.  Highly recommend this place for great high quality food and service.  Prices are good too;)
Local, quintessentially fusion and most definitely not your average taco/burrito place. Not only do they have tacos and burritos, but they also have empanadas and arepas. This place is integrating Asian-influenced meats into these Latin classics. It wouldn't be Asian if tofu wasn't an option, so this place is vegetarian friendly. My friends and I tried several things -- Korean Beef Arepa that was stuffed with delicious beef, Banh Mi Hot Dog that's absolutely reminiscent of the beloved Vietnamese sandwich, Char Siu Pork Belly Taco that had large chunks of tender Chinese style pork belly, Tom Yum Mojo Shrimp Taco that had super flavorful shrimp with a great spicy kick and, lastly, a Thai Chicken Burrito that's bigger than your face. Overall, the food is superb and the service is excellent. The place is small, but the flavors are huge. It's safe to say that Tako Cheena has risen to be one of my new favorite places in Orlando.
I was recently introduced to Tako Cheena and I can't stop thinking about it. The Chinese BBQ char sui pork belly tako with the ghost pepper specialty sauce was amazing.
Pom  strikes again with another delicious orlando morsel!  The food here is awesome and really inexpensive.  You can easily try many things on the menu without breaking the bank. Best part it's BYOB so bring your fav beer or wine.   Favs= cod tako and the dusted curry tofu.  Flavors are so on point. Really mellow feel, great service. Oh yea don't forget to order some ghost hot sauce!! Yum
Fantastic food and a great deal of food for the cost. I ordered 2 tacos and an empanada and they were great.
My oh my. Tako Cheena we meet again..... ROUND 2: Chinese bbq Pork Belly Taco. I actually took one bite. ....and Imagined what my future would be like with Pork Belly Taco. What our kids would look like, how we would hold hands and walk around a lake when we are old and frail. How I would take one last bite of her face on my deathbed. Then came.... Korean Beef Taco And my world started spinning.  I knew my life was good, stable, and delicious with Pork Belly Taco, but this Korean Beef Taco, with its PERFECTLY marinated tender beef, Kimchi on top. She was soooo sexy! Everytime I would see her, she would wear low cut tops, with her giant fake kimchi's hanging out, just teasing me!  I knew it was wrong to love another, but my desires as a man and taco lover was just too strong. I ate her. I ate her so hard. And I regret NOTHING.   Pork Belly Taco will forgive me. It may take time, but she will always know I'll come back to her. After my meal. I got into my car.....and ROARED LIKE A LION!  It was so good. So happy with life, that I was roaring in the car to myself.  Do you understand what i'm saying?!!!
Not a ton of variety but great flavor and they will make most dishes Vegan if you like.
To clear something up right off the bat: many previous reviews have dinged Tako Cheena for not offering tap water, only selling bottled water.  My agreement with Brandi B's "quit your bitchin' " comment notwithstanding, they now offer cucumber-infused tap water for free if you don't want to spring for the bottled water. Our visit also didn't see the loud music, order mix-ups, or long wait mentioned in some of the bad reviews.  The music was well below conversation level, the order came out exactly as we had ordered, and the wait time was just a few minutes. Sure, it's a pretty small place.  That's not necessarily a bad thing though and besides, how is it their fault that the building is small? I ordered three tacos -- Thai peanut, Asian braised beef, and the Chinese BBQ pork belly.  $6.99 for all three (there's a slight discount when you order three, normally they are $2.50 to $3.00 each). I can't really say which one I liked best, but I enjoyed all three of them. The ginger and cardamom in the braised beef was particularly interesting.   All three of them did seem to be just slightly heavy on the veggie filler and a little light on the meat, so if I had to come up with something I would like to see improved, it would be that.  However, I didn't feel cheated at the $6.99 price. Definitely a fan of Tako Cheena. Try it out the next time you're in the mood for something different.
Love this place! I wish there was a location downtown Orlando.  Great tacos and vegetarian options.
Cheena, when pronounced in a very slightly different way, can mean something entirely derogatory in my country and culture. Fortunately, and hopefully, this was not the intent of Tako Cheena's owners. Still, I find myself taking care not to pronounce it wrongly when I do say the name, just in case. I can't say for certain if the idea of Tako Cheena's food offering is 100% innovative, but I'm not sure that it matters, either. Because at the end of the day, it's really good food! My first bite of the Panko-crusted Cod Taco pretty much generated an explosion of happiness from my taste buds. They were so happy that my brain could barely process what just happened. Then, I tried the Panang Curry Burrito, and I was pretty much a lost cause. The Yellow Curry Tofu Taco was also flavorful, but only after I took out a majority of the red cabbage mess. My first couple of bites were bitter, bitter, and bitter. There was no chance of tasting anything else with the unforgiving amount of red cabbage provided. After the culprit was managed, I was able to taste the other ingredients and it became quite delicious. There were also a few other kinks that I will give them time to figure out. Like water. I understand that water from the tap is drinkable. But water from the tap tastes absolutely disgusting. At least to me. And that affects my enjoyment of the meal as a whole. Maybe it's their ploy to get me to buy a Jarritos instead. Hmmmmmmmm, sneaky, sneaky. Also, is it really necessary to charge for their special sauces? I'm a fan, though. And I will recommend to those who ask as well.
Love the new Panang Chicken Burrito!  A little spice, awesome Thai Panang Curry Flavor!
First off, everyone bitching about the cash only and bottled drinks only situation, shut the fuck up with your complaining, okay, because this food is good and that other shit doesn't really matter. Consider it your local, indoor food truck...minus the smell of gasoline. Everyone happy, now? Good. Had the Japanese hot dog, Korean beef tako, chicken Empenada, pork belly tako annnnd something else that I can't remember, but was really fucking delicious. It all was. Plus, PLUS the total cost of said deliciousnessness was about 12 bucks. Crazy cheap. Hubs got everything to go because it's not exactly wheelchair friendly. Oh, and parking obviously sucks in this area, too, but ohfuckingwell, you can get your SO to park where they're not supposed to and bring you some home, too.
I have been looking forward to trying Tako Cheena, as I am a huge fan of Pom Pom's and Pom is behind this venture as well. A friend and I split 4 different tacos and I must say, we were both impressed. My favorites were the cod, and the korean bbq tacos, but the curry tofu and beef taco were both very very good as well. Additionally, we tried the vegetarian empanada of the day, which was cactus and white cheese. I had never had cactus before and was pleasantly surprised at how well the interesting flavor worked with the cheese and delicious fried dough! I knocked off a star because I ordered ice water, but they do not have cups. Other than warm bottled water, they were only able to offer soda (which I do not drink). Also, they do not serve beer or wine (yet), but I was told until they get their license, you can bring your own beer or wine for a small corking fee! Another downside is that it is currently cash only, but I believe this will change soon. Overall the food was cheap and DELICIOUS. I will definitely be returning and next time, I will bring more friends as this is surely going to be a regular stop for us going forward. Once the little quirks associated with just opening are figured out, you can rest assured I will revisit this review and change to 5 stars!
Quick Tako Cheena updates since my first review: Accepts charges for orders over $5, has table service. Seriously, the flavors POP at Tako Cheena. It's a party in my mouth, each visit!! In honor of Taco Tuesday, I swooped in on my way to an after diner function. Service was super friendly and though I ordered at the counter, they popped by my table a few times to make sure that all was well. I ordered 3 tacos: Mojo Shrimp, Panko crusted cod and Thai Peanut in Tofu instead of chicken. (pic) Love that most of the meat options can be made with Tofu, thanks for that Pom! I started with the cod, which was flavorful and had nice chunks of fish that weren't overwhelmed by the cabbage and cilantro topper. Mojo Shrimp was tasty with hints of onion and garlic. Thai Peanut rocked the house- sweet, peanutty, yum. Next time I'll try a spicy salsa with that one. As I finished up, the server stopped by and suggested the apple empanadas for dessert. I ordered them and OH MY, ginger apple goodness. They were topped with a butterscotch and a key lime drizzle, which played with the gingery apple flavors very nicely. (pic) Very nice finish to the meal and brought leftovers home for the hubby who raved about them.
The food was good but my experience was marred by the fact they were out of three things we ordered and the system of not taking cash until they brought out the food confused me and several of the guests behind us in line. The place was a bit crowded and the food was slow to come out. It was fresh and tasty when it came out. I am personally against cash only places so I will probably not be back unless they work out some of the kinks and set up the credit card system. Pom Pom's Teahouse and Sandwicheria is much better than this concept in its current state.
The tacos are good and cheap, with a friendly variety of flavours. The empanadas are always yummy and there are different flavours daily. What I can't stand about this place is their irregular f*cking hours. The last four times we tried to go, they were closed, at all random and different hours of the day. We went again tonight because we needed a place open late and decided "Tako Cheena is always open late on Saturday!" It even says so on Yelp! Guess what? CLOSED. I can not figure out their hours and it's at the point where I just don't care to bother anymore. It's a shame too because I love that Korean Beef Taco...
I kept hearing about this place, and it was EVERYTHING I had heard and more.  Delicious!!!  Can't beat the Three Taco deal.  Not just a mexican flavor - I had Indian Taco, Thai Taco ...amazing!
Tako Cheena had been on my list of places to try even before they opened; I knew if the folks at Pom Pom's ever thought about opening another place I would be all over it. Crazy with life, it took me longer than I wanted to finally go check out the new restaurant.  When I found out Taco Tuesdays would be having their weekly meet-up at Tako Cheena I was pumped;  I knew not only would I finally be getting a taste of some Asian inspired Mexican delights, I'd get to do so with friends. We had been told prior to our visit that we could BYO since there is no alcohol for sale; brought back memories of brown bagging it in Philly.  When we walked in I noticed two things; how cool the space was and how it was hotter than hell in there.   I loved the look of this eatery, it's small but the artwork and big storefront window make it hip.  The heat was a bitch, but they acknowledged the problem and talked about some hopeful solutions they are working on. I cracked open my beer and enjoyed conversing while my husband browsed the menu. I was game for anything.  We went with some suggestions by ordering the Indian Butter Chicken and the Panko Crusted Cod. I was not prepared to enjoy the meal as much as I did.  I thought it would be good, but the flavor combinations were amazing. It's going to be hard for me to explore much of their menu. Our group had a great time eating and socializing.  The owner came and chatted about the AC situation, and also shared with us about some great ideas he has for the restaurant. I couldn't wait to go back and get my burrito again.  This time we stopped by for lunch after taking a stroll around the neighborhood.   We did get what we came for, but we also tried a couple of other tacos as well.  We were quite comfortable dining this time, as the heat was bearable. My last visit to Tako Cheena was a hoot.  Our Lady Crafters had our June Meet-up at the restaurant.  Tako Cheena was accommodating for our large group, and Edgardo was a gracious host.  This time around I didn't get my beloved Indian Butter Chicken as they were out.  I opted to try the Thai Panang Chicken Burrito.  It was tasty, but I think next time I would choose tofu over the chicken.  It was a bit sweet and I think the tofu would be great to soak up the flavors.  Our group had a great time sampling craft beers and tasty eats. The service here rocks, and the food is delish.  Bring a beer, order a Mexican Coke and enjoy!
Just discovered this place a few months ago. Im hooked...
Stumbled across this gem one late night after pulling up to Pom Pom's 5 minutes too late to order.  I was happily surprised when I looked at the menu and noticed it was by the same owner. I'm a Texas taco girl at heart and could eat tacos for breakfast, lunch, and dinner 5 days a week.  My husband, not so much.  I was very happy when he agreed to try it out.  We arrived close to 11pm, and environment was calm as there were not many people dining inside at the time.  We told the lady behind the counter that it was our first time, so she took care to explain the items that we had questions about and shared with us her favorites.  My only complaint is that I wanted the Korean Beef tako, and they were out of Kimchi at the time.   We tried several items to share.  My favorites were the cod taco - yum!!! - and the beef arepa - large portion and oh so good!  We also tried the pork belly tako with pork skins - very good, but I didn't have any pork skin crunch, and the thai chicken tako.  The chicken was a little dry and just tasted like regular chicken with some peanut sauce on it.  The fresh toppings made it.  This was my least favorite item.  My husband also had the special lamb tako.  After tasting it, I regret not ordering 3 of them.  This was actually my favorite item of the night. There were yummy desserts listed on the menu, but they only had the special of the day which was sopapillas.  Love me some sopapillas!  These were not the traditional deep-fried pillows of dough sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar that I expected.  They were more like deep fried flour tortilla chips sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar.  They were tasty, but not sopapillas. All in all, I love this place and am looking forward to trying the Korean Beef tako when they have Kimchi.   If you're looking for a delightful twist on the traditional taco, I recommend giving Tako Cheena a try.
The food here is inventive and very good, but it's got a bit of a snobbery problem. If you don't fit the whole shi-shi hipster mold, the girl at the front register is more than comfortable with communicating to you that your kind isn't wanted here with her patented stink-eye. The food here is good, but it isn't good enough for all that.
Dude, where's the sauce? The vegetarian African burrito is a great in theory--quiona, potato, crispy tofu, and peppers--however in reality it was very dry. I asked if there were some non spicy sauce options, and I was given avocado wasabi, which was tasty, but too thick to drench the drought on my plate. So, after losing hope, I decided to take a half of the portion home for intensive therapy, and later drenched it with a flavorful salsa I had leftover from Azteco de Oro. Perfect!  The burrito, revived, found its life purpose--to be united in harmony with flavorful sauce! God I love a great recovery story. Now, the apple Asian empenadas  had no issues at all. A sensational selection of complementary flavors all in one.  And that ginger sauce--awesome.  Well done! As far as the environment, you may want to order take away if you do not like people in your personal space.  It's quite cozy, and crowded. I'm definitely open to trying this place out again if in the area, but expected a little more because of all the hype.
First time here and I will be back again and again!  Fresh, flavorful food, nice spice combos and friendly service.
I waited way too long to try Tako Cheena. It is amazing-- Pork Belly Tako.  What.  My favorite for sure! There are tons of different asian flavors on the menu-- something to make even the pickiest eater happy... and lots of different ways to eat those flavors!  Tacos, burritos, empanadas.. the list goes on. Tako Cheena serves fresh, unique, and delicious food, is open late, AND is super inexpensive for the quality of food you get. Save some money and don't bother with a drink-- they add cucumber and mint to the water... yum!
Korean Bulgogi burrito FTW!!
Delicious and affordable! The space is very small so weekend nights are really crowded but usually doesn't take long to sit. No served alcohol but you can bring your own.
Hands-down, best tacos in all of orlando!   Really interesting flavor combinations.   3 fully stuffed tacos will set you back about $8 so for the price of a big mac meal,  you get much more nutritious and interesting food.   Their deserts change alot which is also a good thing.   Last time I visited I had a blueberry/raspberry empanada with key lime creme fraiche which was sublime!   It would be better if they had at least a beer/wine license so one could have some libation with one's meal.   Still, it's close enough to all the mills ave. watering holes that one doesn't feel too "dry".   REALLY friendly and helpful staff.    I only just visited for the first time a month ago and have been back twice since then.   This place serves up great value!
Foodgasm at it's finest!! I love coming here. They claim to have food truck food, except inside a restaurant, and it's pretty much true....low key atmosphere, jarritos lining the counters, chalk board menu boasting with fusion tacos and burritos all over it. I love the pork bellies... (sorry piggies...not sure why I think you're so good) and their pork belly taco is a must if you're in the mood for flavorful. Their Thai peanut chicken taco is another must. Not too spicy, not too peanutty, just the right amount of slaw for that crunch....mmmm... Their fish tacos are phenom-e-nom...probably in the top 5 in the country. BUT, what has my heart are the apple empenadas with a ginger icing. It's got flavor bursting like, WOAH. When I'm with someone, I always order 2. Yeah, sorry peeps, this is one dish I don't share :) They have a fantastic and creative menu and I'm always excited when I make my trips here. I don't care if I have to park several blocks away...as long as I know they'll be open, the walk is well worth it.
Interesting tacos with gourmet fillings. Brought my family here who were visiting from san Fran. They liked it but I thought the taco shells killed the taste.
As a foodie, and lover of many types of "fusion", I was very excited to try this place. Having been told it was a combination of Asian and Mexican (2 of my favorites) I didn't think I could go wrong. Unfortunately, I was not overly impressed with any of the food that I ate. There was a group of 3 of us that shared a few entrees- but none of them "hit the spot" for me. Of the 2 others I was with: one thought the food was "just OK", the other thought it was "really good". I guess that's why there are so many places to eat. The restaurant itself is very small. Pretty standard, if not a little "dingy" inside. You place your order in a line, then sit down to eat. There were about 10 people in line when we went, but the service was pretty quick. One cool thing about this place is that you can bring in your own beer/alcohol and enjoy it with your meal. There is actually a liquor store right across the street- so if you like a couple drinks with your dinner, this can help save you a few bucks. This place seems to get great reviews, it just wasn't for me.
WOW!!!!  AMAZING!!!  The explosive flavors of all of the tacos are GREAT!!!  The fish tacos are the BEST I've ever had!!!
It's rare that I finish eating and immediately hop on Yelp, but Tako Cheena deserves it! The menu is small and unique, don't come here expecting regular beef and chicken Mexican food, because this is an Asian-fusion done right. First off, I found a JapaDog. I thought I'd have to go to Vancouver for this after seeing it featured on Eat St. But nope, here it was, sweet Chinese sausage, avocado, cucumber, all nestled in a hot dog bun with spicy mayo and wasabi. It may sound weird, but it's awesome. The sausage was crisp grilled and all toppings were extremely fresh. The takos are just as fresh and delicious. I tried the Thai chicken, Asian braised beef, Korean beef, and the Char Siu Pork Belly. They were all excellent, but the Char Siu really stood out. You could taste the BBQ charcoal flavor but the meat was not dried out or overcooked as it can get. I don't really feel like I need to go into detail on the others, because I honestly couldn't choose which one was best - they were all delicious. The only complaint I have is that as I was getting my to-go order, I noticed they had various hot sauces behind the counter and asked if I could get a side of their hottest sauce. I was charged an additional 33 cents for what amounted to a 1oz cup of sweet chili sauce - not hot at all. I'm not a condiment snob where I balk at charging for extra sauces, but I am disappointed in what they consider "spicy". Tako Cheena is basically an awesome food truck menu without the food truck hunt. It's always there, they do have indoor seating, and the food is super fresh. I'm looking forward to another visit where I can try some of the other menu items that piqued my interest. Hooray, too, for the location - 10 minutes from my house and no hassle to get lunch there at 1:30 on a weekday.
Their food is amazing.  Taking something simple like a "tako" with a few ingredients and BAM, it hits your mouth and you wonder how something so simple can taste so good.  PLUS, less than $20 for dinner for two people! All they need is BEER and it's over.
TREMENDOUS! Today's lunch could not have been better. The ropa vieja arepa was nothing short of "amazeballs". With tender beef, peas, sweet plaintains and melted cheese in a corn pocket this thing was so good I coulda slapped someone's baby twice! The char siu taco made me a believer in pork belly again. Perfectly sweet, spicy and bursting with Asian flavors, it was a fresh delight worth writing home about. Only problem being that I'm already home, so the recipient of the letter would be the same as the sender. The mailman would be confused as all get out! My lovely lunch companion Rebecca had a Korean beef taco and a BBQ chicken empanada. She loved both! The fish taco was decent but she didn't rave about it. Mexican Coke in a bottle!! Also, the family of Jarrito fruit sodas for your sipping pleasure. This place rules for daytime or evening meals, or late night munchy face. Everything is cheap, and you can order a single item if you only need a snack to get you through your treacherous night!
Wicked spot!  We hooked a u-turn at 3:30ish for the 24 hour diner next door but popped in here to check out the menu and stayed.  A couple of guys came in behind us as were raving about the food.  Rightly so.  I had the veg epanada and African Burrito with Tofu.  Both were excellent.  Def one of my fav spots now.  My only drip is the measly servings size of the various sauces that accompany the dishes.  Had to pay extra for 1 more spoonful sized cup.
Stopped in here for a evening snack of a sort. Ordered the Panco Crusted Cod and Asian Braised Beef. Man the Cod was really good eating! Can't beat the crunch that panko deliverers! Fish was fresh and as a taco with the other vegs, it gets my "try this one first"  recommendation.  Not sure if the Braised Beef got a raw deal on the taster because it followed the other, or if it was just lacking more meat and goodness? I tried the cucumber water (a la ShenZhen style = room temp, no ice) and was delighted for the something different offering. Glad it is a n/c option. I'll be back  for sure and will try to make a dinner of the place and order a few more items. The table  help was very attentive, friendly and hard working.
Great place for Asian fusion takos, hot dogs, etc.  I had the cod and pork belly takos and they were very flavorful and well appointed.   It's a small place but we got a table before our food was ready (4 people.).   We will definitely be going back very soon!
I really like this place for what it is a cheap, interesting, food truck/Pan-world cuisine joint. Boy, that was a mouthful, literally. I had been meaning to try this place for sometime, but never had any cash. Now T.C. accepts debit cards. Yay! My visit was great. The servers were attentive and funky (in a good way.) I ordered 3 tacos: 1. Chicken Peanut- Yum 2. Some kind of fish- pretty good 3. Indian Tofu Curry- the tofu was cooked too long, but overall it was tasty. I tried the Empanadas and they were terrific. I VERY MUCH recommend this place. I think it will continue to get better with time (hopefully.)
Trendy and quaint Latin fusion shack. 3 tacos for 8 bucks that are pretty filling. Also can select their take on hotdogs, burritos and empenadas. Need to expand their beverage menu and seating. Lastly I wasn't sure if I should pay upfront or after my meal. It didn't matter bc the tacos were excellent!
Came in around 3pm on a Wednesday and was greeted by a smiley chick with green hair and cheetah pants. While waiting for a friend, I observed the painted masks on the wall and had this superbly spiced beef empanada with broccoli and carrots inside with the ginger guava salsa. I also had the panko cod tako and the thai peanut chicken tako which were very tasty. Great service. Fun atmosphere. Innovative and tasty food. Reasonable price. 5 stars.
Great restaurant.  Went there for the first time last night and I will diffidently go back.  I had the pork belly tako, beef lasagna empanada, and cod tako.  All where really good.  For desert I had the churros and they were meh...They seemed to be over cooked and did not seem have any cinnamon on them.  The sauces for the churros made it worth eating.
Unbelievable fusion items, with perfectly cooked empanadas. The perfect comfort food for those looking for ethnic influences from around the world.
Food is inventive and quite good.  The braised beef is my favorite, but it can be overcooked.  Service is always commendable.  Price is great. The apple empanadas with key lime sauce are amazing! Love supporting local businesses and this hole-in-the-wall is no exception.  It is usually busy and very loud but enjoyable.   I wish they would fix the A/C, it can get sweltering.  But we enjoy it so much, we go anyway!
This place is pants-crappingly awesome! Just finished the cod takos and OH MY GOD. SO GOOD. The beef empanandas were excellent as well, though I think I'd prefer chicken. Regardless, the food and service here is amaaaaaaaazing.
We like Pom Pom so we  were excited for this spot to open.  The Tacos are pretty good, the house tacos are a bit dry on their own, so I recommend getting one of their sauces to go with it.  The specialty tacos and the empenadas are awesome though.
Love the fusion between Latin and Asian cuisine. The tacos are served as small portions and burritos are more lunch  entree size. They're concept is food truck style in a restaurant with a banging concept of putting the best ingredients together from two different parts of the world. I'm always a fan of ordering the special of the day. I can't say I had one favorite order because they're all so good and unique! We came during lunch rush and it was definitely packed. The tables turn over quickly but the unique items on their menu is worth the wait.
great awesome new place!!!!! the food is amazing!!!!
We are already huge fans of Pom's other location - Pom Pom's teahouse and sandwicheria so we were really looking forward to trying her latest venture. But since our partying and late night apres noshing days are long behind us, we were anxiously awaiting the time when tako cheena began opening for for lunch. When I saw that this week they began posting lunchtime hours we hustled on down to give it a try. Between us we tried an Asian beef taco, a pork belly taco, a Korean beef taco, a fish taco, a beef and a chicken empanada and the churros.  I have one thing to say ... HURRAY! It was all yummy. The empanadas were good - although I must admit that I couldn't really tell the difference between the beef and the chicken. But all the tacos were outstanding and just bursting with fresh ingredients and flavor. We can't wait to go back and try the rest of the selections on the menu. No doubt, just like with Pom Pom's we'll eventually determine a favorite (hello fu man chu). For the record the fish taco here is my current front runner. The churros were served with both a caramel and a chocolate dipping sauce. Even so I'll admit I missed the traditional cinnamon sugar dusting. That would have put them over the top in my book. Be advised, they are operating on a cash only basis. I've seen some reviews bashing them for this but seriously, if you don't have $5 cash for two tacos you probably shouldn't be eating out anyway.  Seating is limited and drink is offered by the bottle only (including water) and depending on what you order they can be small bottles. My diet coke was only an 8oz portion. I was fine with that but if you are used to unlimited refills and mega gulp super sized beverages - you will not be satisfied. As the sign in their window says - and I'm totally paraphrasing here: think of it as a top notch food truck/ street food experience in a walk in restaurant setting. As far as we were concerned this place is a winner and no doubt as they settle in, tako cheena will become as much of a mainstay as Pom Pom's. Did I mention, Hurray?!
So dang good. I crave their yellow curry takos on a regular basis and make a point to stop in for lunch during work or late night when I'm at the bars. I have never been with a group who was unsatisfied here. Such a breath of fresh air when it comes to late night dining and so welcoming during the day. To add to that, it's cheap! Love it here.
This place is on its way to becoming an established restaurant.  The items are a la carte which I thought was easy to "build your own meal".  I had two of the crunchy cod fish tacos with the wasabi avocado sauce and it was amazing. I tend to give new restaurants a break, considering they are trying to hammer out all the details, a few things would seal the deal for me with Tako Cheena: Beer menu (I'm a beer lover, can't help it). Large sodas (I called the 8oz Coke bottle my Coke shot throughout lunch) Accepting Credit Cards The absence of these doesnt matter, I fully plan on returning for the good food.  We had great service while we were there, the right mix of being there when you need something extra, and being away while you're enjoying your food.  The art for sale on the walls was a great addition as well.
Wife and I tried this out tonight and loved it. Empanadas were great, her tacos were great, my Indian burrito was awesome, and dessert - Apple spring rolls - fantastic. All for just a little over $20 - perfect!
Wait ... I haven't reviewed this yet? Okay ... I officially am starting to lose my mind. This is one of my favorite places in the area to go to ... I always thought I already had reviewed this ... and just realized that I haven't. Yikes. I love this place at least as much as the majority of other reviewers do. I would eat here at least 3x a week if I could, but I've been trying to check out some other things as of late and, until yesterday (5/10/12), hadn't been by in a few weeks. I made my triumphant return for lunch yesterday and got something I never had during any of my previous visits, of which there have been many. I had the Thai Panang tofu burrito and it was OUTSTANDING. It may now be my favorite thing on the menu, which is saying something because all of the tacos that I've tried here have been absolutely wonderful. I'm going to have to do a more in-depth review down the road ... maybe next week. I think I need to go here again ASAP and get another of these burritos ... and, after the bliss from that has somewhat subsided, I'll do a more thorough review. For now (though I don't see any way that this ever will change), I'm giving this 5 stars. Go. Go. GO. Seriously ... it's terrific.
The tacos are great.  Two of them fill me up.  My favorite is the Pork Belly taco.
Amazing food!  Looks like a whole in the wall from outside but very clean on inside! We had a three cheese arepa (my fave!), Thai Chicken tako, cod tako, buffalo chicken empanada and curry chicken empanada. All of it was SO GOOD! Friendly quick service as well! We will definitely go back.
A great new place to checkout if you like Mexican/Asian!
I was excited to try, but it was a lack luster. I ordered water, they gave me lukewarm cucumber water. I took a sip, and order myself a water bottle. Cucumber water is a good idea.. but it needs to be cold.. and it was so bitter. I'm thinking that they left the skin on the cucumber that gave it this taste that wasn't very appetizing. I continue to order an AsianBraised Meat Taco and a Korean Beef Burrito. The taco was not bad, the braised meat that was used reminded me of same used in Bo Kho (which is a vietnamese beef stew). The Korean Beef Burrito on the other hand was disappointing. The bulgolgi was thickly cut, lacked much of the korean bbq flavor and the kimchi rice... even more disappointing. I was expecting actual kimchi in the rice, not just the juices. And the veggie combo was weird. Green beans and corn in a kimchi fried rice... definitely not a favorable mix for me. If you visit, definitely go for the tacos instead.
Even though we live less than a mile from Tako Cheena we just tried it a couple of weeks ago.  We each got the 3 Tako special and they were fresh and tasty.  A great alternative to fast food!!
The food is great, fresh ingredients and friendly staff. Eclectic setting, in the mist of 17/92 downtown Orlando area. A great new twist to tacos, burritos and Spanish/Latin American food. So far I've only has the tacos but definitely looking forward to trying their whole menu.
Awesome food, super friendly staff, neat atmosphere, overall great place. Only draw back is the A/C hasn't worked the last several times I've been.
I like PomPom.  I think their grits and sandwiches are terrific and the service has ALWAYS been top notch.  So when I heard they had another place I was super excited.  Unfortunately, Taco Cheena is not Pom Pom and now, my first trip to Tako Cheena will be my last. I was the last customer tonight and the service was lousy.  The girl behind the counter was not friendly.  She was knowledgeable, but her facial expression and attitude and vocal tone were all unanimously" Just order and get the fuck out so I can go home."  I get it.  Its late.  But you're the one who's open till 4am on a Friday night, that's not my fault.   The tacos I ordered were the cod, the house beef, and the house chicken.  And because of the cole slaw the cook with the double zero gauge ears tossed on top, they all tasted exactly the same.  Like a sugary salad in a flour tortilla.   No other restaurant in town charges for condiments.  So when I was charged 35c per hot sauce, I was surprised, but paid it anyway.  My total bill for 3 tacos and 2 hot sauces was over $10.  That is outrageous when you consider that restaurants like Tijuana Flats and Gringos will sell you three tacos for $7.  And they don't charge you for the hot sauce. I was friendly, but the only person who was nice in there was the skinny girl sweeping the floors.  I won't be back.  It's not worth it. If I want tacos, I'm hitting Gringos.
I've been to Tako Cheena 5 times now and find most of the food here kind of bland.  The Korean beef burrito is good, but I've hardly enjoyed the other items I've tried.  Though, this restaurant deserves credit for its very friendly staff, consistently providing good service, and being open late night.
We found this place by looking up here.  It seemed interesting from the menu and the reviews on here.  This is like a blend of asian/mexican food.   On the last full day here in Orlando, we decided to try here.  It was around 1:00 pm and  the place was packed and all the tables were taken.  So we were standing for about 15 minutes looking at the menu and waiting for other people to leave.  Finally people left and we got the tables.  The server then came by about another 15 minutes later to explain the menu.  He goes into great detail on what's popular, his favorites and each entree.  The way he was describing all the food made me almost drool. Everything sounded so good.  Another 15 minutes came by and he took our orders. My girlfriends father was contemplating with the Korean Burrito and Thai Panang Chicken Burrito.  I was going to order the Korean Burrito so I told him to order the Thai Panang chicken burrito and we can split half and half to sample both. I looked around and saw at least 5 tables still never get their food yet that were here before us.  There were lots of takeouts too.  The kitchen was so backed up and we got our food after about 45 minutes later.  I sampled both burritos and the Korean was better.  I like bulgogi and kim chee fried rice by itself and to have both of it in a burrito, genius.  Every bite was savoring.  The Thai chicken was alright and a little on the bland side.  My girlfriends father liked the Korean better too. The server apologized a few times but it was worth the wait.  He then gave us a complimentary dessert on the house.  It was like fried wonton with cinnamon and condensed milk??, which was awesome and addicting.  He said that they were short on a cook and that their grill is small so they can only cook a couple of burritos at a time.  So when the lunch rush came in and a lot of customers ordered burritos it got backed up.  So we were there for about 2 hours.  If not for the wait it would have been 5 stars.
Soo good. Pablo crusted cod taco and pork belly taco were my favorites, will be back!
The food is good and a nice change of pace from your standard Mexican-style fair. The hours are great because they're open very late when most other places are closed. It is a hipster joint which means everyone has tattoos and you will pay a bit more for what you get. But that's not what hurts this place. This restaurant  loses so many points because of the atmosphere. It's a small place with tile floors and a radio jacked high enough to where a slight yelling is required to order your food. Which also makes it impossible to dine there. And when the place is busy it's even worse because you're not just competing against the radio to speak to your friends you're competing against all the other tables. I feel this problem stems from a staff of early twentysomethings and an owner that couldn't be bothered. So in the end I would consider this place just a take out restaurant because the service is not great and the place is just not good for socializing. Get your food and walk down the Barts bar and enjoy yourself.
Very hipster kinda place. Good food, a little outside the normal box as far as flavor and food pairing goes. Always great service!
I dont know how to describe the menu other than to say it is confusingly eclectic.  I'm the first to admit, I am not a foodie - but I do enjoy a good meal. I recently joined Colleen for lunch at Tako Cheena.  I was stuck between two items that I wanted to order, but the decision was made easy once I was notified that one of the two items was not available. I ended up going with the African-inspired braised beef burrito with quinoa.  The texture was similar to a burrito but it definitely had a unique taste to it. The service was less than stellar and they recently doubled the prices of their empanadas. (Hint: if you going to do that, it would be a good idea to update the menu) All in all, I will return the next time I  get a craving to try something out of the ordinary, but I doubt it will become a regular lunch spot for me. FYI - they don't take credit cards
I love this place!  The food is creatively delicious.  My favorites are the thai peanut taco and their empanadas.
I LOVE fusion cuisine. Which is why I was so excited to try this place out. Although upon entering the small hole in the wall restaurant, I think their AC was broken...because it was super hot! I was sweating just sitting at our table. But, I'm not really gonna review a place based on that alone. The service was great and I think she was extra attentive to make sure that we were comfortable. Thank goodness the food really saved the experience! What's great is that it's reasonably priced AND tasty! I ordered the Indian Yellow Curry Tofu taco and the Tom Yum Mojo Shrimp taco. The tofu taco was alright, but I feel like that shrimp taco deserves five stars. It was sooo good! I also got the Thai Panang Curry Tofu Burrito to go! The shrimp taco is still my favorite. I'm so bummed that they only opened this place AFTER I moved out of Orlando. I definitely want to come back every time I visit.
this place is the shit!!! i thought it was because i was high!! but i had it 5 times after and its just as great!!this place will take off in no time! dont be one of them...who waits to jump on the band wagon. The fish tacos are amazing, one of the best tacos ive ever had in my life!!! so to the haters on the other reviews its a brand new establishment !maybe they ran out of food .because they didnt anticipate there success! one thing u cant take away is they make a great dame taco!!go back to taco bell...u retards!!
Awesome fusion! This place is BANGIN! I was referred to "Tako Cheena" by my dentist... She was crazy about it! They have very creative and tasty dishes! This time around, I had the Yellow Curry Crispy Tofu Taco, the Thai Peanut Chicken Taco, and the Vegetable Empanada. NOM NOM NOM. So good! Service is great, which I am always a stickler for! I now have to find an excuse to go back! :-)
I've been here quite a few times now and have had my fair share of the menu. My favorite taco is definitely the panko crusted cod, it is so freaking delicious!!!!!! I highly recommend getting this when you go. I also really liked the chinese bbq pork belly, the thai peanut, and the asian braised beef tacos. I've tried the curry burrito and that wasn't bad, not as much of a 'pop' as the tacos but very filling. What I didn't like here were the asian hot dogs. Although it's a very clever idea, I don't think it's executed well. I tried the bahi mi hot dog and i personally think the chinese sausages are too sweet to be made into a hot dog. The spicy mayo in the bahi mi hot dog gave it a weird kick. The empanadas are superb. They change daily and i've tried quite a few different combos, and every time they are delicious! The churros and the asian ginger apple desserts are okay. The churros kind of rely on the dipping sauces and i felt the ginger apple empanadas were too sweet but my friend loved them.     The water here is luke warm and has a weird cucumber skin taste. I always get the coke here because they're mexican coke bottles! I would personally skip the water and get one of their drinks. They all come in cute bottles.    They are allergen friendly, just ask! The staff is super friendly and cool. Parking is kind of difficult because you have to parallel park in front.   In conclusion, get the panko crusted cod taco and a mexican coke! :)
Damn, I had some great "takos" here. As a vegetarian in Florida, I'm used to getting lack-luster food almost everywhere I go, but this place ruled. I had a couple of curry tofu takos and a thai peanut tofu tako. Both were amazing and I can't wait to go back. I wish there was something like this in my area.
Another great place to go after a night out downtown! Great divvy atmosphere, and friendly staff. They have an interesting combination of dishes with an asian flair. I'm a big fan of "hole in the wall" eateries, and this place hold their own. Great place!
YUM. this place is a tasty little treat. i love asian. i love mexican/latin. i love them together mixed up in tacos. went here for lunch and had the mojo shrimp taco and the special taco of the day which was a pulled pork with banh mi-ish toppings. both were super flavorful and i would get them again. the atmosphere is laid back and we were in and out of there for lunch in about a half hour. **the photos on the reviews very accurately depict the food!
My boyfriend and I have been regulars here almost every week. We usually get the same order, the Thai tacos with tofu, and some of the waitresses that worked there came to know them by heart! I always had good service here until last Friday. We sat down and waited for someone to take our order. Another table filled up after us. The waiter walked past us and took care of them. Then another table filled up after us. Then another one. The waiter did the same thing without even acknowledging us and we were right next to the soda machine so he had no choice but to pass us! We were left sitting there for so long and we were so close to just leaving until a waitress came by and asked us if we were waiting on water. I told her no one came by at all, and she proceeded to take care of us and we finally placed our order. The food was good as usual, but I am not sure when I will return.
Asian flavor wrapped up in a mexican blanket. I love Pom Poms.  When I heard they were involved in opening up a joint that sells tacos I was excited.  Tako Cheena opened and I went to sample their stuff.  FUCK YES. They have great choices on the menu and their Specials are wonderful too. The place is pretty small and loud. Like most of the local resturants in town they have rotating art on the walls.  It can be a bit of a pain to order from there when it's busy; a nebulous line forms and the tables are pretty close together so if you have personal space issues this might not be a dine-in experience you'd like.  Personally I call in for pick-up.  Parking is all street side off Mills.  Again, when it's busy it can be small pain to park and cross the street, but the TAKOS make up for it. If you haven't gone yet, GET TO DA CHOPPA! Go now.  I recommend giving them your wallet and asking for one of each tako and burrito.  I don't even look at the hot dog offerings.  Last time I tried one it was not worth it.  They also have empanadas and house made salsas that are rad.   PS- last night I walked over and picked up some fish takos, while there they gave me a free sample of Bacon Icecream.  I wanted to kiss them. It was delicious.
PEOPLE, STOP TELLING EVERYONE THAT THEY DO NOT ACCEPT CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS!! Okay, I had to get that out of the way first... On every website I've seen, it seems to be stated that this restaurant only accepts cash.  Perhaps it was true when they first opened, but as of the date of this review, I assure you, they take credit cards.  The waitress was actually somewhat insulted when I asked.  She couldn't figure out where I'd get that idea, but anyway... There are about 5 tables and a bar to sit at; a very small place, typical of the area, with funky, tattooed employees and local art on the walls.  The menu is small, consisting of tacos, burritos, 2 desserts, and a handful of sauces (each side of sauce, oddly enough, costs 33 cents.)   My friend ordered the tacos; two were more than enough for a sold, filling lunch.  I believe the tacos were about $2.80 a piece, or three for $7.98.  She really enjoyed them along with her side of guava salsa.  I had the Korean burrito.  It was very generous in size and fillings!  One thing I was really pleased about was that the Korean bbq style beef was extremely tender, no gritty bits whatsoever!  The sriracha sauce and kim chi were a bit spicy, though, but not unreasonably so.  Still, I'd warn anyone that's sensitive to spice to avoid this one.  I also sampled the ghost chili sweet/sour type sauce, which was a great addition to the burrito. All in all, I spent under $10 for lunch, and walked out with half a burrito left over!  Very filling.  I was disappointed that they had run out of apples, however, since I wanted to try their ginger apple spring rolls with a key lime sauce for dessert.   My only gripe was that the waitress did start out a bit snotty due to my asking her if they accepted credit cards (no signs on the window/door + reviews stating "cash only" = legitimate question, in my opinion).  Once we got that out of the way, the service was fine.  I can see how a non-local or someone who doesn't frequent the place could feel slighted by the staff, however.  Overall, I'd go back again, especially for a late night bite.
Service was great, loved everyone there. Finally made it back there to try the Indian curry tofu taco, Korean beef taco, and peanut chicken taco, my favorite was the Korean beef out of these three, and I don't even like to beef, but the Korean beef taco was delicious! Great atmosphere, small and cozy, I want a weekend job there please!!
This was my first trip to Tako Cheena. I must admit I'm a bit of a taco junkie so I was excited to try this place. I had 2 tacos recommended to me and picked a third myself.  All three were fantastically fresh, tasty with just the right amount of spiciness.  x The tacos I tried: Panko crusted cod fish taco - WINNNER - My favourite of the bunch. Tom Yum Mojo Shrimp - Loaded with Cilantro, in a good way. Fresh and Spice Chinese BBQ Pork Belly -  Good, but a distant 3rd compared to the other above. Serivce was a tad slow but the place was pretty hopping during the lunch hour so that's a minor gripe. Definitely a place I'll be returning for lunch.
I'll preface this review with...I LOVE TACOS. I will put anything in a tortilla. So...after catching an L.A. episode of Anthony Bourdain's new show, Parts Unknown- I became obsessed with the idea of finding the elusive Korean taco featured on the episode. I am in Orlando not exactly a cultural Mecca so my expectations of finding such a place where low but I did what I always do...I turned to trusty Yelp. Found Tako Cheena, listed on Yelp and turns out it was no too far from my office so the co-workers and I decided to take a lunch field-trip. To quote another yelper.. my same first impression also  "What, a shabby little hipster hole-in-the-wall?" I was a little put off by the size of the place and small staff, but eh..what the heck I thought. I got my hands on the menu and was pretty blown away with the options. They had some pretty complex flavor pairings and KIMCHI! Home run! I ended up going with the servers' recommendation of The Panko Crusted Cod and Chinese BBQ pork Belly taco. OMG.PURE AMAZINGNESS.  Wow...Tender buttery pork belly that falls apart. YUM. My whole table of co-workers went silent except for the grunts and moans of approval. My 2 tacos disappeared much too soon and I was contemplating if I had enough time to put an order in for two more, sadly I did not..stupid work lunch hours ruin EVERYTHING. Lol. Next time I'm having desert! Anyway. I will be back. A LOT. Major bonus that they keep late hours..I may do some major damage here on a 3 am visit.
love it! the indian butter chicken burrito is amazing! its so much food, but great as leftovers! I just wish parking was a little bit more convenient and that they had an AC working so I'm not sweating in this florida heat inside
This is not your run-of-the-mill taco place.  It's a delicious fusion of styles and ingredients.  Only down-side is the amount of time it takes to order and get your food, but if you know that going in, it's not as bothersome.
Amazing Asian Fusion cuisine! Very unique taste and located in one of Orlando's trendy areas! The restaurant is also open late most nights, so it's a great place to get a late night meal!
We tried this place out earlier today and enjoyed every bit of it.  You go up to the counter to order and in 5-10 minutes they will bring your food out to you.  Service was pleasant enough. They don't have tap water available to drink for free which is a bummer, but it's not a dealbreaker for me.  The food is priced well and absolutely delicious.  My wife and I loved everything we tried.  The Bahn Mi dog was a very interesting and delicious dish.
So far I'm a fan.  I've only been once but would love to go back soon.  The only thing I ate there was a chicken empanada which had chicken, cheese and broccoli inside.  It was delicious.  I had the ginger guava salsa on the side and oh man was that delicious.  I wish I had a bunch of chips to dip in it!  I was a bit disappointed that they did not have the beef empanada for me to try, but hey....it gives me a reason to go back!  They also have a great selection of salsas on their menu, which I want to try all of them!   The waitress was friendly and helpful and our food came out fairly quick.  I'm sure this review will be updated after my next visit.
Mojo style shrimp tacos are yummy,  but the service is absolutely appalling.  Definitely too long a wait for a casual dining restaurant.  As is stands, I will not return here.
I was hesitant to try Tako Cheena because I'm apparently one of the few people in Orlando who is not a fan of Pom Pom's. I find the slaw on some of the sandwiches at Pom Pom's cloyingly sweet and guess what--it was no different at Tako Cheena. I tried three of their tacos. I really liked the Panko Crusted Cod but the portion was measly. I get that the tacos are cheap at this restaurant but I expect more sustenance than slaw, slaw, slaw!  The shrimp taco was tasty and I would order it again however I doubt I will be going back to Tako Cheena. The lack of creativity and generosity in the food is glaring and it's just not worth making the drive.
Love this cozy spot for casual fusion comfort food at all hours. If you're super hungry or a big eater I would definitely recommend going for one of the burritos. The tacos and empanadas are great if you like to sample different things, but the burritos are the most filling bang for the buck. I usually go for the panko cod, tofu, and braised beef tacos or the Indian burrito. If I'm not starving the burrito can last me two meals. You definitely have to take it for what it is. Its a small place. They initially advertised it as a food truck experience in a fixed location. It's experimental so it may not be good for picky eaters. If you like Asian or Indian fare you can probably find something on the menu you'll like. The decor is quirky and not polished. I'd rather my money go into the food than the decor so it doesn't bother me.  I have been there when they run out of stuff. It might be an issue if you only like one thing on the menu or you have someone in your party with dietary restrictions. For me there are plenty of options I like (even with some dietary restrictions) so it's not a big deal. Also the last time that happened to me was a while ago so they may have figured out their ordering schedule better by now. Sometimes I wish it was faster food so I could grab it for takeout in a rush but it's made to order so it does take a little time. They get busy during prime hours so sometimes there's a wait. When I've experienced a wait it was for a table to clear up rather than a kitchen wait. Maybe they'll have enough business to expand soon!
The AC is fixed!
My taste buds are thrilled!  The flavors are not your ordinary affair.  If you are tired of eating food that tastes ordinary, you have to give Tako Cheena a try. These chefs have a gift of blending flavors that "Pop!" in your mouth.  I tried the Korean Beef Tako and the meat was well seasoned, while the kimchi slaw was perfectly shredded making it edible to those scared of kimchi like myself.  :).  I also had the Asian Braised Beef Tako and let me just say, the flavor of the meat had a depth of flavor indescribable.  I would order both of these takos again, but really want to try some other dishes too.   We finished our meal with the Asian Ginger Apple Empanadas...  YUM. The apples were petite diced and flavored with ginger, yet managed to not become watery.   There is one thing to consider, they do not have a kids menu.  We brought our 4 year old and he enjoyed his Thai Peanut Chicken Tako, thank goodness.  It was not spicy, but not what a typical child would like.
love the arepas they added to the menu not so long ago and the butter chicken burrito is excellent be careful though if you have a allergy we took a friend who is allergic to cilantro and there wasn't much that she could eat. The key lime empanadas for dessert are amazing as well
Wooo! This place is on the right track... just a few more tweeks... GETTING THE CRUNCH The fusion of "Asian staples" wrapped in "Mexican ingredients" is awesome. (Americanized versions) Out of our order of Asian, Chinese, and Korean BBQ tacos my favorite went to Chinese because the exotic spices were more obvious among the typical sweet and salty of Asian meats. While the white tortilla was stiffer than I wanted (no corn?) it merely became a vessel to hold all the ingredients in--no flavor. I wished there was more meat to overcome all the, crispy shredded slaw on top. I would like to see a more "Mexican" or "Asian" assortment of veggies in the taco. ARTS ATMOSPHERE There is art decorating the walls as well as the arms of the rockers preparing my food. The metal linings on the décor add to the that rocker/artsy/we're-so-hip yet I-don't-want-to-stay-and-linger atmosphere. It's easy to accidently drive by this small restaurant in a small plaza (This is part of that Mills rejuvenation). SERVICE This casual, fast restaurant can take your orders at the counter or your seat. Our server stopped by several times but didn't offer more than needed. So far the only fusions here are tacos, burritos, and salsa. I'd love to see the menu expand (like Nitally's Thai-Mex fusion in St. Petersburg, FL) as well as the venue and table size (max of 4)
My friend took me here two nights in a row because we wanted a place that had good and fast service. It was a fushion style tako place.  The pork belly tako was delicious as it was just made perfectly - I quite enjoyed the taste being a pork belly fan. The deep fried cod was not as good as it felt a bit dry, and could add some flavour.  The Japadog was very poorly done because it was very salty and the flavours did not mix well. Perhaps, the asian sausage part was not the best mixture.
Gave the place a second chance because the first visit was bad. The second visit was as bad or maybe worst. Food in general was blend and in both visits had under cock proteins. When i approach the staff about the under cock protein, they were rude and ignorant about the proper temperatures of food. Really sad, because i was really cheering for them.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! I like to step outside my box a little bit and didn't really want to try this however my fiancé insisted and oh I am so glad! It's now my new favorite restaurant! Staff is great too! Only negative is water tastes weird and soda too actually but I saw that you can bring your own beer so that's kinda hip! You must go here!
This place is amazing. Hole in the wall, dumpy looking. It's beautiful. This place is a Asian-Mexican mix. I had the panko cod taco, pork belly taco, and mojo shrimp taco. All were amazing. My girl had the Indian Butter burrito which was good to but nothing compared to the cod and pork belly tacos. Amazing flavors with no need for sauces. They do get really busy and are understaffed so don't be expecting mcdonalds style quickness
My favorite are the Korean tacos !  DELISH ! Portions aren't huge though . Service was OK , our waitress was a little flakey . Very small place
How rude of me not to have posted my review for this amazing place.  Tako Cheena's food, for me, was like being mesmerized by a fine woman, and I still can't get her out of my head!  I visited Florida in Mar '14 (first time ever) and planned on eating at a few local places.  Unfortunately, that plan did not work out, but Tako Cheena was one I just could not skip and I am glad I didn't. The tako fusion was amazing and I am saddened that this place is so far away from AZ.  My daughter had the Indian burrito and it had a wow factor as well.  The deserts? DA BOMB BABY! Tako Cheena IS on our list of excuses to head back to Florida real soon. P.S. the staff was friendly and helpful
I headed into this Tako Cheena (if you speak or understand Spanish, say it out loud and giggle) an open mind and and an empty stomach.  I left full, happy and excited to return. The service was great (we went in at about noon on a Thursday).  The tables were full so we sat at the bar.  We were read to get something fun.  We started with empinadas and a taco each.  We had the veggie empanada which was full of delicious yellow curry, and chicken, cheese and sweet potato empanada filled sweet and savory flavors.  Win. Then I had the crispy cod taco... nom... coated in panko and lightly fried, the flavor and textures were great!  The sauce!  yum! I needed one more!  I went with the crispy tofu... amazing, texture! flavor!  happy!   The drink situation needs some work... pricey bottled water?  Please.  I think they should have some fancy ramped up horchata or mango lassi or Thai tea or something... that would be AWESOME.   Anyway.   Five stars for yum squared, friendly, and cheap.
As a fan of Poms Pom's I was excited to try this place. As soon as we walked in we could tell this place had the same vibe as Pom pom, small, loud music and Very friendly staff. We had 4 different tacos and some of them were good the others left a bit to be desired. if i have to pick a favorite it will be the fried cod taco, very tasty. My second favorite will be the korean beef taco. As for the others i didn't really care too much about them, i found them rather dry and bland. i guess the place is good if you're in the mood for something a bit different in a taco form.
Alright, so I heard of this place through Yelp! but  I saw it as a sign from God that I had to try Tako Cheena when I got an unexpected coupon for a free empanada (I love empanadas). Now I know why people like this place. I love the mix of asian dishes with mexican flavors. I had the thai chicken, korean beef, and the Asian Beef Takos. All of them were wonderfully tasty. We also had our free empanada which came with a guava sauce (i don't remember the full name) which was also great. I definitely like this place and will probably come back later this week for lunch. Yum!
This is my new addiction.   The pork belly tacos & shrimp tacos are ridiculously good!  I'm Vietnamese and the flavors in these tacos are so familiar and true to authentic Asian food-it's like food that my mom would make if she was hip and cool and knew what a taco was. The burritos are all awesome.  My boyfriend and I personally love the Korean burrito and African burrito with tofu.  I LOVE the addition of the sweet chili and ghost pepper sauce.  It adds just the right amount of heat and I love the depth of flavor that the ghost pepper gives.  SO GOOD! The only reason this isn't a 5 star rating is because the hot dogs are just mediocre.  The Chinese sausage that they use are too salty and small so when cooked, they're just overly dry and salty.  I like the concept of the hotdogs with Chinese sausage but I think they need to use a sausage that has a higher fat content and is thicker. Lunch for 2 people for less than $20 tip included? Sign me up!
Went there for lunch, tried the panko crusted cod taco and the shrimp taco.  Both were awesome, super fresh ingredients, great flavors.  This is my new go to taco place, if you're in Orlando you've got to check this out!!!!
I really enjoy the ambiance of this place and it's a convenient stroll from the Mill's bars.  It's great for a late night snack at 2 AM.  I really liked the tai peanut chicken tacos.  I can't wait to go back.
They were really good , so much flavor packed in these little delish tacos, dffntly will be going back! My favorite taco was the pork belly !!! Do your mouth a favor and have one, also the sopapilla are a treat!
Love this place!! Thai Peanut Chicken house takos w/ sweet chili & smoked ghost pepper sauce are my all time favorite. The service is always great, and the place never has an odor. At times the wait can be unbearable   b/c the food is that amazing!!
Since I originally was from the DMV, we have very good late night spots for the drunk munchies (HONEY PIGGGGG), but after moving down to FL for school, its hard to find a decent late night, but I am happy Tako Cheena was open till 4AM that day :). I ordered the 3 taco special where I got: thai peanut chicken, korean beef, and indian yellow curry dusted on crispy tofu. Out of the three, I liked the indian yellow curry the most (although it was vegetarian). The Korean beef tako was sloshed with kimchi slaw, but the beef was a bit on the sweet side..and normally korean beef shouldn't be that sweet. I think they use hoisin sauce? As for the thai peanut chicken, I just had one bite, then switched it with my boyfriend's charsiu pork belly tako since it was WAY MORE DELICIOUS than the thai peanut chicken :D. So a char siu porkbelly is a must. What a nice boyfriend is he right? hehe.
After working 13+ hrs. I love bringing in a 6 pack and enjoy life.... Thank you tako cheena . Rule#32
I have been here twice so far and am totally excited about going here again! Both times I went it was at around midnight on Saturday, which, in my opinion, is quite possibly the best time to go. They're open until 4AM on Saturdays and Fridays so it's perfect for going to after a night out. As for the food: I've ordered 4 of their tacos and they all were so delicious! Full of flavor with a dash or sweet and/or tangy-ness and a whole lotta of crisp and crunchy-ness, I completely recommend that you try them out when you go there. My favorites are the Korean Beef, Thai Peanut Chicken, and Mojo Shrimp. You can get just 3 and you'll be good to go. Also, My friend got the Korean hot dog and LOVED IT. As for the place itself: It is pretty small and can get pretty packed on Saturday night. Also, it might be easy to miss it, so keep your eyes open! The vibe of this place is VERY laid back and chill, and the people that work there are fantastic.  They have art work on the walls that seem to change monthly (I believe they're from local artists too which is GREAT) and the seating arrangement is fine. A perfect place for taking your friends and relaxing with delicious food!
Very popular cousin of Pom Pom's, Tako Cheena is a trendy joint down on Mills slinging exotic Latin faire. I know there are a ton of reviews on this place already (and why shouldn't there be, it's damn good) so I'll just give you a cliff notes version of my experience. First and foremost, great staff. Friendly and quick, which is nice cuz this place isn't exactly big inside and that helps promote good turnover for those waiting to sit. The specialty tacos are awesome. The pork belly is sweet and tender the shrimp is ample and plump but I think my favorite is the cod. Nice chunks of white flakiness, crisped up under a small veil of bread crumbs and crowded with the sweet and tangy dressing and assorted toppings it comes with. The empanadas are adventurous. We got two and one (the beef) came with macaroni inside! Crazy. The veggie option with beans and cheese was tasty--got the sweet salsa for dipping and that set it off. I tried one of their hotdogs...the Japadog to be precise. I didn't care for it. The meat itself seemed dried out. I like biting into a dog with a good snap and some juiciness. Both seemingly absent in my order. There was no shortage of toppings though,  ample and overflowing which made it basically taste like I was eating sushi on a bun. Did I mention I don't particularly care for sushi? Why then, did I order a Japadog which clearly lists all ingredients on the menu...those of which read like a sushi roller's grocery list? Clearly because I am an idiot...and twas few beers deep. Poor judgement really. Moving on... I would like to order a burrito the next time I come through, they look massive. Only real knock I have on this place is the bottled drinks. Damn glass bottles just don't seem to get cold enough inside a fridge, should plunge those sucker in an ice bath.
What a combo! I'll admit I was skeptical when I heard Mexi-Asian fusion ... But wow! The burst of flavors coming from each of their items was amazing. We ordered a taco, an empanada, and an arepa - and each demonstrated a complexity of flavors. Plus the service was great too! In all you will find a friendly and inviting atmosphere and great food.
I was excited to eat at this place when I heard about their out of the ordinary menu selections. Even reading the menu made me want to order everything. But when my coworker and I walked in there was an immediate musty, dirty-mop-water odor that hit us. Despite this odor we sat down anyway. They were quick with the drink orders but it took awhile for them to come back for the food order and even longer to bring the food. I like to try different things and I was fixated on their African inspired braised beef burrito. My coworker got the taco special, which he found acceptable but not as good as other dishes he's had here. When I ordered the burrito, I asked the waitress if the burrito was big (because I was thinking of getting a taco too), she said "I have never seen anyone finish it." Challenge accepted!!! But now I know why. First off, the ingredients are very fresh, cooked to perfection, and the tortilla was soft and delicious. But that's kind of where it ends.  I thought meat would be the star of this meal; absolutely not. I could barely find the meat much less taste it. The ingredients, among other things, were quinoa, potato, corn, peppers, and beef...roughly in that order. Quinoa absolutely dominated the flavor. It must have made up over 85% off the filling with potato and corn a distance second. Even if I was a vegetarian I don't think I would have noticed the beef. I also found the spices in the burrito to be bland.  Like others before me, towards the end of the burrito, I just couldn't finish it. The quinoa, potato, and tortilla left a mushy mess that I couldn't take. It lacked texture and the beef for which the title suggests. I may be back, but I am definitely not getting that burrito.   They should either revamp or consider a name change to: "African inspired quinoa burrito - with potatoes and corn (Contains trace amounts of beef.)"
We both tried a selection of their tacos - The Asian Beef, Korean Beef and the Thai Peanut Chicken - and they were all delicious. Our favorite was the Korean Beef.  We are already contemplating our next visit. It's a little far from home but we thought that their food was outstanding and very economically priced especially for the area.  It's not a huge restaurant, but artsy and cute.  Perfect for a quick and tasty snack.
So impressed with food, service,  and vibe. Great value, delicious food. Try everything!
I'm from CA so have been looking for good Mexican food ever since coming to FL. I had the korean & thai style tacos and my wife had the pork burrito.  The burrito was dry and did not have much meat. I liked the Korean style tacos. The items offered on the menu are very interesting, it just wasn't "wow" tasting. Give it a try, maybe you will like it.
Hands down an awesome place to eat. We were taking a trip to Universal Studios and I found this place on Yelp before we even left home. At first I thought it was too much out of the way from where we were staying but it didn't take us long to get there from International Blvd. This place has awesome food, come here and experience it. And make sure you come on an empty stomach because you will want to try a little bit of everything.
Food selection and flavors are amazing!!  Great little spot, ambiance is chill.  It may be small but what it lacks in size it makes up in flavor.  Fresh ingredients awesome take on tacos. Do not miss the fish taco!! Trust me.
Absolutely in Love with this place! The menu may be limited but it packs more flavor than you can possibly imagine! Tonight I had the Thai peanut chicken tacos and the crusted cod tacos with a little sweet chili and smoked ghost pepper sauce.... phenomenal!!!! It is impossible to pick a favorite, which makes it impossible to work your way thru the menu.... hard not to order what you know you love. I will be back as often as possible!
While it has a small, cramped location and a difficult parking situation (I admit it. I can't parallel park well), the food here more than makes up for it and then some. I ordered the three tako special and decided on the Asian braised beef tako, Korean beef tako, and the Thai peanut chicken tako. With most Mexican food, I find that I usually have to add a bit of hot sauce or something to give it a little bit more flavor. At Tako Cheena, the takos were so full of flavor that no extra sauce was needed. They were an excellent fusion of Asian and Mexican sensibilities and the portions are generous. Like I mentioned earlier, the inside of the restaurant is a bit cramped, and it filled up quickly the night I ate there. Don't let that deter you. The food is more than worth it, and the staff is quite friendly. I look forward to eating there again. My friend got a burrito that was bigger than her head.
As good as it gets, indeed.  Takos are different, well thought out and they are as Delish as they are creative. I have been trying to get here for a long time, but never had the opportunity until I had to fly from Orlando.  I hit Tako Cheena after a LONG flight and it blew me away!!!   I'll be back soon...
Excellent takos. Heard from a number of friends that it was great and then read Yelp reviews.  So thought I would check it out. I was wowed.  My favorites are the Panko crusted cod, the Indian yellow curry and the tom yum mojo shrimp. I would suggest ordering about 3 takos per person.   And then share!  Small place so be prepared to fight your way to a seat. Good service too.
When I first went to this restaurant - lunch date with my sister and mother - I was convinced I'd hate it.  What, a shabby little hipster hole-in-the-wall?  It couldn't POSSIBLY have good food! Wow.  Was I wrong!  I got an empanada and a pork belly taco and as much as I love fried foods, the freshness of the pork belly taco won hands down.  Not that there was anything wrong with the empanada - it was delicious - although I have to admit I wasn't a huge fan of the salsa.  But after three years in California I'm VERY picky about salsa, so take that with a pinch of salt.  But that pork belly taco was so sweet and juicy and the fresh crunch of the cabbage...I was utterly shocked at how much I loved it. I've been back a few more times since, and their panko-breaded cod taco is my new favorite item.  Spicy, fishy, and fresh and a fantastic combination of flavors.  Their prices are reasonable and their staff are great, even during the 3 am rush.  Definitely going to eat there as often as possible!
Yum! Okay, so it's not the most attractive place to eat, but the food and prices are wonderful! This is a little hole in the wall in the Milk District that has a nice variety of taco options (including vegetarian fare). The prices are really cheap and the ambiance is very laid back.
I am a fan. Whoever though of an Asian/Latin fusion (especially for takos/tacos) deserves a key to the city. Located on Mills avenue, this place is next to Bananas Modern American Diner, so parking can be very limited and sometimes dangerous since there is also parking on the road side. As for the food, I always get the 3 Tako Special: Asian Braised/Korean Beef and Thai Peanut. The servings are super fresh vegetables and the sauce just melds it all together perfectly. I just recently tried the Japadog and it was awesome. The dog itself was small but the vegetable toppings was very flavorful. As for dessert, I would recommend getting the churros (yes, churros!) and be sure to get the chocolate/butterscotch/key lime dipping sauces. The chocolate was dark but very flavorful, the butterscotch got a bit messy, but the biggest surprise was the key lime. Not too tarty but has amazing flavor...who woulda knew! The only bad side is that the location itself is VERY small and can get packed quickly, so a large group of people is not recommended. The servers there are quick and awesome and very attentative. The cucumber water (sounds gross, but not) is a special surprise as well.
So, I moved away from Orlando three months ago and I still have intense cravings for Tako Cheena. So intense, that here I am writing my Yelp review, mouth watering, and tears in my eyes... This is one of the best places I've been to in my life! The flavors are surprising, clever, and they do a little dance in your mouth with every bite. This is not your typical fusion - the combinations are gourmet, classic and traditional methods, but are available at prices that don't bust your budget. I've had mostly everything on the menu, but my top taco picks are the Char Siu Pork Belly, Korean Beef, and the Curried Tofu. Their daily empanadas are TO DIE FOR especially with the Guava Ginger salsa. They also have a habanero salsa that will give your tooshy a little kick. Other foods, like their butter chicken burrito and some of the Ban Mi takes are quite satisfying. The drinks are all bottled - old school sodas, Mexican coke - but the place is BYO as well as their cucumber water served is absolutely refreshing...reminds me of the Lever2000 commercials from the early 90s. There is no excuse not to have eaten here. The hours are workable, the street parking is available, and the atmosphere is easy-going (though sometimes a bit loud due to the concrete floors). Regardless, eat here and you won't be disappointed! DO IT.
Love this place because its always doing something different with their tacos, empanadas, and arepas. My favorite is the lamb tacos they're so good. Only thing bad about it is its kinda hard to find parking.
Great lunch spot for sure. The tacos are tasty and the burritos are great. The empanadas need work though....
Great food. Open late. Bring your own beer. What more do you want? Pork belly tacos, arepas, and wings.
Most unique taco experience you will EVER have! If your looking for your traditional mexican selections... this is NOT the place for you. If your an adventurer with your tacos... then Tako Cheena is a MUST! Besides being innovative, this place has really good quality food! Being that I am not a fan of a "Fish Taco" I was hesitant to try their Panko Crusted Cod... but boy am I glad I did. DEEELISSSH!!! The fish is cooked and fried to perfection and try it with the Mango Salsa... just adds that extra kick to it. Thai Peanut taco was yummmmm.... filled and drenched with a thick layer of Peanut sauce. Also tried the Yellow Curry Tofu taco... not spicy enough for me but still good. They are open late Friday and Saturday nights (until 4AM) to kill those late night munchies.
So I have to admit that I had heard the rumors swirling around Tako Cheena for a few weeks before we finally stopped in and tried it. All I knew walking in the door was that it was an Asian fusion taco restaurant. However, when we walked in I was pleasantly surprised to see the wide variety of combinations of food that were on the menu. Yes, it would be accurate to describe Tako Cheena as 'Asian fusion,' but I honestly think that with the flavor and spice combinations of Japan, Mexico, China, India, and Korea, it almost tastes more like an 'International fusion' to me. After looking through the menu for longer than necessary (the menu is only one page long), we both decided to get the 3 tako special. The best part about this special is that you can actually mix and match the different tacos, meaning you can order one of each tako and try three out at once. I decided to get the 2 I thought sounded best--the korean beef and the asian pork. My bf ended up getting the 2 I chose, plus the thai chicken tako. Our overall favorites were the korean beef and the thai chicken. We even decided to go all out and order the churros for desert, which were delicious--they were hot, fresh, crispy, and went perfect with the chocolate, condensed milk, and butterscotch dipping sauces. We also went with the cucumber-infused tap water to drink, which I have to admit is a unique twist that in a way doesn't make you feel as cheap for just ordering tap water. However, part of me was definitely tempted to get a Mexican coke made with real sugar. Honestly, I am excited to go back just so that I can try the other delicious food available, including burritos, empanadas, and asian fusion hot dogs. As far as location goes, Tako Cheena is located in the infamous Mills 50 district. Basically this means the eating space is small and has parallel parking as the only option, but if you want delicious food and flavor at a reasonable price during either lunch or for a late-night after drinking snack, almost any minor inconvenience is worth it.
Since we are big fans of Pom Poms, we were looking forward to checking Tako Cheena out. I tried the cod taco which was one of the best fish tacos I have ever tried. It had a sweet and sour sauce that was better than I was expecting it to be. I also tried the mojo shrimp taco and a chicken empanada. None disappointed. My veggie daughter tried the veggie version of the cod, made with tofu, and liked it. She also tried the Thai peanut tacos and loved them. My other daughter has almost tried all of the tacos, after several visits, so that should tell you something. She became a regular within a week.
Love Tako Cheena!  They are fabulous for quick takeout or a Late night casual meal in the Mills District. I usually get the cod Tako and an empanadas. Their empanadas change every day with a selection for  chicken, beef, and veg. All are delicious with flaky crusts. The tacos all have very fresh ingredients and are filling
First time here, downtown O-Town after 10, few options. Whoa, am I impressed. Really fresh, and well thought out menu, quite affordable, funky and fun, loud.  Friendly , sincere helpful wait staff.  I am quite amazed and shall return for the empanadas!
Hello deliciousness!  I would recommend the fried tofu taco, the peanut chicken taco, or the korean beef.  They also rotate in specials, the only one I didn't care for was the panag burrito it was a bit bland but everything else has been great.  The place is small but cute, they don't serve alcohol so it's BYOB but there is a gas station down the street and buying a six pack will save you some cash.
This used to be my favorite place in Orlando but not anymore. After moving from New York City I discovered this lovely hole in the wall. Fabulous fusion combines Asian flavors with Mexican packaging. I went a half-dozen times. So I kept bringing new friends to try it out but the service got slower and the air conditioner seemed to always be broke. Haven't gone in a year but scared to give it another chance. When Tako Cheena's on they're on...but maybe try before summer!
Tried it once, sober, and found it to be generic, run of the mill and not very innovative.  Service staff was horrible.  They had no clue what they were doing or how to make their room flow.  Food wasn't particularly noteworthy they sell salsas and sauces with nothing to dip in but your already over seasoned food.  Restaurant basic 101...if you have the word Taco in your name, even if you are a new age fusion restaurant, you should serve some kind of chips!
Have been once so far for some late night munchies.  Tacos were pretty delicious, love all the fresh cabbagey type stuff on there.  I overdid the hot sauce and my mouth was burning and it was busy and I did not get enough water refills = pain.  Other than that it was great and I'll be back for more soon.  Maybe tonight...
I'm giving only 2 stars because I honestly didn't really like anything of what I got. The place was too small and overcrowded..but the servers were very nice and pleasant that was pretty much what i liked. Just because I didn't like the food doesnt mean other people won't but  for my liking it wasn't impressive or tasty I did like the churros they were ok not the best but what I liked the most..will I go back???.  I don't think so..didn't like the tacos or burritos.
Great Asian-inspired tacos in the mills50 neighborhood. They're open late too, convenient for those late drinking nights. Service can be really slow and inattentive during rushes, but otherwise, this place is solid.
I would give this place 2 stars based on my one and only trip here but I'm giving the benefit of the doubt that I caught them on a bad night. I went with a group of friends and we all ordered the SPECIAL of the day which was basically pork in between two arepas. The arepas were burnt to a crisp and the inside was lukewarm at best. If this is your SPECIAl of the day, should it not be special? My friend raved about this place so I was pretty disappointed when I left feeling like I just went on a bad first date. I'll go back but I won't be ordering a special.
Everything kind of reminds me of fish tacos but then you have this unique taste of curry, pulled pork, and spices.  This is solid eats and for a foodie a must visit. The apple enpanada was my favorite.  They also provide cucumber water at no charge. Been here a handful of times and it seems like they are always out of the apple enpanadas...
Between an interesting sounding menu and the fact that it's from the same people who brought us Pom Pom's, we were pretty excited about Tako Cheena. Conceptually, this place sounds awesome. A small place with a menu that combines Mexican and Asian ideas and flavors. Unfortunately, the concept is about the only really awesome thing about this place. First off - they're cash only. I can excuse not having credit cards set up right at opening of a new business, but they've been open for over a month and this is not their first restaurant. There's no excuse not to accept cards - and we ordered less food because we didn't have enough cash. Next, there are only four tables - and only 12 chairs. There are 4 barstool seats if you'd rather sit there. So, that's a total of 16 seats. Definitely not group friendly. We asked for some waters while we went over the menu. They do not offer tap water. They will only sell you bottled water at $1.50/bottle. Seriously? What a rip-off. There is absolutely no justification for this. I ordered two of the BBQ Char Shu tacos. My wife tried to order the Vegetarian Summer Roll Burrito but it turned out they were out of them. By now, they had only been open about an hour, so we didn't come late enough in the day that some items should have already run out. I really wish restaurants would tell you up front that they were out of certain items - especially when the menu is pretty small to begin with. Interestingly, someone on Four Square mentioned that they had been to Tako Cheena four times and the Summer Roll Burritos are always out. My wife decided on a curry tofu taco and a fish taco. When we arrived, one table had already ordered and their food was almost done. Another table was just finishing ordering their food. With us arriving, that made 6 customers dining in - and one person waiting for her food to-go. This means that the restaurant was less than half full - and hardly "busy". Still, the waitress somehow mixed up the orders. First she tried bringing the other table's food to us - and then it turned out that the order wasn't even correct to begin with. Our food seemed to take a little long considering how not busy it was - and how little food you actually got. But, there was only one cook, a waitress and some guy who seemed to be standing around and just talking. Our tacos came out and I was a little disappointed just looking at them. They're cheap ($2.50/each), so I wasn't expecting anything really huge, but they really skimped on the fillings of the tacos. There are other places in town that offer tacos that are about the same size and price - and have twice as much filling. The flavor of my char shu tacos was pleasant, but not particularly interesting. The pork rind bits added little flavor and were so hard that I thought I was going to chip a tooth. My wife loved the fish taco made with cod. She did not, however, love the curry tofu taco, describing it as "very disappointing." The tofu is breaded and deep fried and then the curry is just poured on top. The tofu itself is dried out from being deep fried and doesn't soak up any of the curry flavoring. My initial gut reaction to Tako Cheena was three stars, but the more I think about the whole experience and service, I'm just more and more unhappy with everything and have less and less desire to ever return.
The food is great! So many flavors in one bite! The environment is very casual, relaxed, but busy. We waited quite a bit of time for our food...probably around an hour on a Saturday night. However, the wait was worth it! I recommend the arepa! Not at all what you'd expect if you've had arepas before. Overall, I'll definitely visit again! I'm looking forward to trying more dishes.
So happy they are finally open! So many yummy choices!!! I tried the Asian Braised Beef Tako and the Chicken Empanadas with the Lemongrass-corn Salsa. The tako was so juicy and full of wonderful flavors. The fresh ginger was a wonderful surprise. The empanadas were a mild southwest flavor and full of cheesy goodness. I have to admit I only had a little of the salsa left for the empanadas because it was so yummy that I ate most of it by itself! The only con: I wish I had gotten more! I can't wait to go back and try more. You should too!! Note: It's cash only right now.
Went with my family for the fish tacos, when I entered the place it was packed, very small place, so I ordered the tacos to go. After speak with the manager he made some room for us. The fish tacos were great, my family ordered the empanadas and the Korean hot dog but they didn't like it. The music was loud, the waitress with the whole body tatoos had a bad attitude (the one with a tatoo place promo on her t-shirt).
This was my first visit and I was pretty disappointed. I tried the House Takos ( Indian Curry Tofu, Thai Peanut Chicken and Chinese Braised Beef). Everything came with the same cabbagy lettucy slaw on top. Now, I am not a fan of cabbagy lettucy slaw but I was a trooper and dug in anyway. They were all just a little bit off: needed salt, too much salt, needed something acidic. No bueno. The server brought my apple turnovers/empanada at the same time as my entree but since I didn't finish the tacos they were still warm by the time I got around to tasting them.(yay!?) These mini turnovers looked so adorable I didn't want to eat them. Too bad they tasted awful. Just too much going on: ginger, apple, sweetened condensed milk, lime.  My mouth was confused. Maybe this was just a bad night for the kitchen because so many other reviews are glowing. I hate to judge based on just one visit but the food was so bad I will not be giving Tako Cheena a second chance.
Went to this place based off yelp. Ordered a Thai burrito, Korean burrito, chicken and beef empanadas, Korean tako, Thai tako, and Asian tako. The burritos were well worth their money. They were HUGEEEEEE! Be careful of the Thai things.... They were super sweet. Actually most everything was super sweet. With the added Siracha to counter the sweet... It was fine. 4 stars for the tasty food. Wish water cups were bigger or had self service water... Waitress took forever to pour water refills for us.
I'm vegetarian.  Did the tacos and tried 3 different veggie ones.  My favorite was I think the Panko crusted cod but substituted tofu. The  flavor was amazing. It was a sweet and sour sauce which I didn't think I'd like but I loved it. My next fave was the Indian yellow curry one.  The other was flavor less and I don't even remember the name.  I guess they were short staffed and the only girl working the floor lacked any kind of customer service.  Didn't smile.  Looked annoyed. Didn't acknowledge your presence unless you flag her down.  Thankfully the guy behind the counter came out and tried to smooth things over and get our order in.  I might try them one more time or just consider them for take out if they even do take out to avoid the lack of service.
This place needs to be a little bit bigger. That being said, the food was amaze-balls! I tried the special arepa, and my stomach grumbles a bit as I remember every bite. They forgot our drinks at the beginning, but they made up for it by giving us dessert on the house- yummy empanadas! I would love to return the next time I'm in the area. I hope they'll have another fabulous arepa for me to try.
We visited Tako Cheena during one of the first weeks they were open and although we loved the location and idea, it fell a bit short.   When we got there what we noticed most was how LOUD they were blasting the music.  It was not pleasant at all.  We sat at one of the tables and tried ordering waters, but the only ones available were bottles at $1.50, not cool.  Last time this happened the lot of us got up and left the place, but we were thrilled to try Pom Poms new creation, so we sucked it up.  We ordered a bunch of different things to share 'round the table including a Korean hot dog, cod and pork tacos, apple spring rolls, and churros.  Now I may be naïve to think this, but ordering the hot dog I was expecting a typical hot dog with Korean toppings like kimchee or something, but this hot dog was WAY different in texture and taste.  It wasn't terrible, but it's not something that agreed with my palate or something I would want to have again.  I would have liked to be warned somewhere on the menu that it wasn't a typical hot dog.  The tacos were fine, but a little skimpy.  My favorite thing was the apple spring rolls, fried just perfectly with a nice glaze on top.  Some of the items are kind of over-priced for what you get and they don't take cards so you may have to truck across the street to the credit union like we did for some $$...  I would try it out again to have-at one of their burrito creations, but if those weren't nice I'd call it a day and stick with sandwiches from Pom Poms.
Hands down, best empanadas in town. I went here with Jessica R. today and fell in love! We wanted to try a bunch of stuff so we went all out. We got the beef & vegetarian empanada. I can't even describe how fresh the dough/pastry part was & the insides......ugh. So flavorful! They change the ingredients daily which I like - keeps it fresh! We also tried the Asian Braised Beef Tako & The Korean Beef Tako - delicious!! I am not a fan of spicy food but the Korean Beef had a tiny kick to it. Nothing I don't think a "not spicy fan" couldn't handle though so don't let it steer you away. Fast & friendly service. Oh, and if you're diggin' some dessert, try the churros! I loved the butterscotch dipping sauce. Yum! Can't wait to go back.
As a location that's been stated to have asian fusion/latin/caribbean flavors, this is spot on with hitting those notes (Hence the 5 star. Duh!) The description that this is a cross between a food truck and a restaurant is also correct - so lets just say this is definitely a fast casual, yes? Just note, this is a small location, but there is a bar to sit at, or you could just grab to go. This is a new concept created by Pom (of Pom Poms Teahouse... if you havent tried their yummy teas or food there, go, NOW!) and her new parter Edgardo. WIth that knowledge I knew to expect a unique experience in the taste of my food and this is wonderfully true in how perfect the flavor profiles are for the meats here. Seriously, the korean beef taste competes (in my mind) with my favorite korean restaurant in town. So what is it about this place that makes me smile? The food prices start at 2.50, desserts are offered (what's up with restaurants ignoring this amazing delicacy!), cucumber water, a wide variety of Jarritos soda (that I've seen outside of a mexican restaurant), and the super quick service. We've been inside when it's busy and we still didn't wait too long for the food, this means they do an awesome job in their prep food work before the restaurant opens... meaning they care about the time someone waits for the food and the consistency of their food. I can greatly appreciate the work that goes into this. As for the menu, I personally love the tacos, they're not the small tacos many of us have grown accustomed to, they're bigger with awesome sauces just spilling out. I'm used to seeing those accompanying me to dine here usually have the taco guts just spill out. I however, with my dainty hands, somehow can maintain food spillage at a minimum. Two typically fill me up, but I'm a petite woman, so if you're a large man training for some marathon... yeah, 2 tacos wont fill you up (maybe go for the burritos instead). I honestly have to thank Pom for her creative food ways, her restaurants make living near Downtown Orlando so much more worth it (how did I survive living down in LBV?) She clearly knows her market and her food style and there are so many people grateful for it. Whatever food venture she tries next, I will likely follow. So, go dine here and then head over to Pom Poms Teahouse for some amazing tea and maybe some more food too!
The tacos were fantastic, but even fantastic is not worth waiting in line for 45 minutes in Orlando.  I'll be back in 6 months or so in hopes that service will get better.
Tako Cheena was a so-so experience. I think we had high expectations from reviews. We ordered an eggplant parm empanada (weird), the butter chicken burrito (good, but too much rice that diluted the Indian flavor), and a hot dog-- should have tried the tacos, huh?! Ambiance was cool, service wasn't the friendliest. May go back to try their namesake tacos and give it another chance.
DELICIOUS!  Very warm and cozy atmosphere...love the Staff :)   You might have to wait a few minutes for a table, but it is worth it!
What can you say about Tako Cheena? It's a pretty amazing and incredibly unique little place. A fusion of thai and mexican with great food and several vegan options. Not to mention interesting art on the wall. Almost everything can be ordered with tofu and minus the spicy mayo. I highly suggest the thai peanut and sweet chili tacos. I also hear the panang burrito with tofu is pretty killer if you're looking for something on the spicy side. It's not overly expensive (under $8 for a platter of three tacos) and is the perfect late night snack. Be prepared to wait if you go in the late evening. You won't be the only one craving takos and it could take up to 2 hours to get in and out. (It will be worth it!) Staff is friendly. even though the quarters are tight. and they keep the complimentary  cucumber water flowing!
So I know this place has been open for several months now, but I just got over to experience it for the first time last night. Gotta say in the very first few minutes I was a tad skeptical, but I was so pleased with the two tacos I ordered, and surprisingly filled-up afterward. I'm definitely looking forward to returning at some point, and am happy Central Florida has a new late-night option for noms.
I finally get to check Tako Cheeno off of my bookmarks. I thought the food was amazing. I got the chicken and avocado arepa which was stuffed with goodness and had a nice flavor. I also got the Cod Tako ($3.52), which was my favorite of the two. It had a wonderful sweet and sour sauce and the fish a nice crunch. My husband liked his burrito and empanada. We tried the Fried Crispy Churros ($3.05) for dessert. The small, crunchy churros came with a trio of sauces: chocolate, key lime and butterscotch. The butterscotch was the table favorite. I thought the churros themselves were pretty yucky though. They were very small, overly crunchy (not crunchy with a doughy center like a regular sized churro) and had little to no cinnamon flavor. Now the restaurant itself is downright uncomfortable. If you come here late at night you probably wouldn't notice (or care) but at lunchtime the lack of maintenance is evident. The place is cramped, stuffy and warm. The walls and art are nicked and the glass front looks like someone tried to clean it by licking it. The hard chairs wobble. Our server was nice but she was hard to hear over the roaring fan and crackling music. And she was in the middle of telling us about the specials when she stops mid-word to yell "hello" loudly over our heads to some customers entering the restaurant. We waited too long for our food- we watched some people seated when we were get their food and finish their food before we got ours. Still, I'd some back to try more of the menu. If the rest is as good as what we had it might be worth dealing with the dining room. I'd just be sure to eat and get out of there ASAP!
Tako Cheena, an Asian-inspired Taqueria, is another restaurant venture by Pom of Pom Pom's Teahouse and Sandwicheria.  Offering a wide array of flavors, Tako Cheena is able to cater to varying groups of people and taste buds.  The menu doesn't disappoint.  There's Indian Yellow Curry dusted Tofu Takos, Thai Peanut Chicken Takos, Korean BBQ Beef burritos and occasionally Banh Mi Dog Takos.  The ones I've listed are obviously my favorite.   I will say that I'm not a huge fan of the Thai Panang Tofu/Chicken burrito.  I felt like it was VERY sweet and yes I know that Panang is the sweetest Thai coconut curry.  I've tried it twice and the second time wasn't nearly as sweet, but personally, I wouldn't order that particular burrito.   Of all the burritos, hands down, the best one is the Korean BBQ Beef burrito.  Sweet, tender, marinated bulgogi beef, Kimchi fried rice, scallions, Sriracha and cilantro...  All together, this becomes a perfect symphony blend of flavors.   As of January 2013, Tako Cheena is still offering $20 (two $10) in vouchers for $10 via ReferLocal.com.  This is a great deal that makes Tako Cheena even more appealing.  Even without the vouchers/deals, Tako Cheena offers fantastic food with large portions at a very reasonable price point.   Tako Cheena is Fatty Fatty Moo Moo approved! - Mike Fatty Fatty Moo Moo
We finally got to try Tako Cheena yesterday, so we wanted to sample as many things off of the menu as we could. I'm not sure how new their "new" menu is, but I can't find it online, so if I misremember the name of any dishes, I'm sorry! First off, their ice water has cucumbers in it. It was a slightly off-putting taste for me, though not so much that I got a different drink - it just would have been nice for them to tell us that in advance. For food, we had a trio of house tacos - thai peanut chicken, asian bulgogi beef, and korean beef with kimchi. The thai chicken was super yummy, and I'd definitely have it again. The bulgogi was good, though somehow dry and oversauced at the same time. The korean beef with kimchi was good, though the I didn't love the kimchi slaw when mixed with whatever sauce was on the meat. I'd definitely get the chicken again, not so sure about the other two. We also had a japadog hot dog and a char siu pork belly taco. The pork belly was absolutely the best thing we tried, and we agreed that we'd definitely get it again. The japadog had a lot of toppings, and though I didn't try it, my boyfriend liked it enough to eat the whole thing but said he wouldn't order it again. For dessert, we wanted to try the friend ginger apple egg roll, but they were out of it. Sad face. Overall, it was a pleasant experience, but we're not sure if we'll be going back - I'm not sure it's worth the hype it gets sometimes. I personally would rather pay a few extra bucks and get a meal from the KBBQ Taco Box.
After waiting what seemed like an eternity, I finally got to try this place.  To sum it up, BELIEVE THE HYPE.  This place is legit amazeballs.  Total dive, small and cramped, but SUPER tasty and fun! I got the Fried Cod taco, pork belly taco, and asian beef taco.  All were really good, but the Cod was my favorite.   Incredibly inexpensive, a new regular spot for me.
Updating my review from 2 to 4 stars. Think they went through some rough spots when they first opened. I have to say I tried one of the tacos and the japadog. Both were phenomenal and reasonably priced. Service was so much better. They were getting packed as we were leaving, I think they are going to need a bigger space soon! Oh and they now take Credit Cards! --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­-------- Love Pom Pom's so my friend and I were really looking forward to trying Tako Cheena. We read about the cash only policy on Yelp, so not an issue. The menu items were very reasonably priced, tacos were great, empanadas lacked any flavor. The waitress was okay at first, but toward the end of our meal I think she was just irritated to be there in general. Maybe she was just having a bad night, but I think the service will keep me for going back. I love supporting a small business, but they have to at least act like they would like us to be there.
Cute little place. My Mom and I got takeout from here. We got the naked African Braised Beef (without the wrap) . It was so delicious and flavorful! You can get it vegan and/or vegetarian with tofu as well. The server was so sweet and had the biggest smile on her face. Get the naked African! So yummy. You will not regret it.
I visited Tako Cheena on it's second day of business so they were still working out some kinks. In fact, they were rearranging the kitchen stoves while we were there. The food, though, was fantastic, impressive considering how new the place was. We started off with falafel empenadas which, at $1.75 for two, were excellent and I imagine they'll make great post bar late night snacks. Like everything else on the menu, the empenadas look like Mexican food but are actually Asian/Mid Eastern. The dough was reminiscent of an egg roll and, well, who's ever hear of stuffing an empenada with falafel? My friend had an African Inspired Braised Tofu burrito, which was very large and, at $8, the most expensive thing on the menu - he enjoyed it quite a bit and i was rather jealous I had not ordered one myself. The Indian yellow curry dusted Crispy tofu taco I ordered, though, was quite amazing itself and the 5 or 6 salsa and dipping sauces we tried were all great as well. Bottom line is Tako Cheena is cheap, filling and interesting. Highly suggested.
I waited an hour for a dessert. There was nowhere to sit. People coming out from Will's continually vomit in front of it. Watch your step!
Indian butter chicken burrito is a definite no. All the tacos were delicious. Our favorite was the Korean taco. We walked in at 11am with @tarajroth and it started getting really busy around 11:30am. Tons of locals meeting up for lunch and Hedding out to their respective jobs. Quick service. Nice easy to read menu on the board. We ate the tacos in a second. The only issue was the burrito. Too much rice in the burrito. Maybe next time I will go and have them do the burrito with no rice. two thumbs up on the tacos.
Ok, I'm sorry to do this. I like Pom Pom's and honestly, I liked the food here too. Until... my sister got a cup of water after we finished. Then we noticed there was a german cockroach in it. And quite honestly, that freaked me out. So yeah... good food... but now the thought of eating there kind of turns my stomach. Yuck.
Pretentious!? Nope...Meager portions!? Naah...Just another Taco Place? NOT A CHANCE! Today was my first time at this place and to say I enjoyed it would be an understatement.  Love the artsy decor and the variety of people that dine there.  On to the food...They have house takos, specialty takos, empanadas, and desserts to choose from.  Although I am not a vegetarian it was cool to see that they offered some nice tofu alternatives.  I went with a Korean Beef Tako, an Asian Braised Beef Tako, and a Chinese BBQ CharSiu Pork Belly Tako!  The Chinese Pork Belly would have to be my favorite of the three.  Im talkin maximum flavor with every bite! Are tacos meant to be so tasty?  The Korean Beef Tako comes in 2nd out of the trio and the Braised Beef comes in third.  Washed it all down with a grapefruit Mexican beverage.  I can't think of many other way's I'd like to spend $11.  If this were Meme worthy It'd have the baby fist pumping and say-" Another place to stuff my face when in the D-town area." *Card valid only on orders above $5.
Definitely not a normal taco place! This is an Asian fusion type of place and very delicious. For my first experience, the food here was outstanding. I've heard many things about it and have been curious, so I had to find out. I ordered Chicken empanadas, Chinese BBQ Chur Shu Pork Belly Takos, and Mojo Shrimp takos. The chicken empanadas were absolutely outstanding. It was very cheap and probably the best empanadas I've ever had. It hits all of the sweet spots of the taste buds and is FULL of flavors. Hands down the best empanada you will probably ever eat. The Pork Belly tacos are even better. I'm telling you, the food here is great. The pork belly was sweet and savory and cooked perfectly. Not everyone can cook pork belly just right. It wasn't too chewy or too soft. The Mojo Shrimp tacos were alright. Personally this was at the bottom of my list with the food I ordered. The mojo is savory and tastes as you would expect mojo to taste. My experience was this was a bit too sour mojo then usual, but this could have been from an overload of the senses from the food I just had. This place has cheap and affordable food. It is open late on Friday and Saturdays (4am). Even at nearly 3am on a Saturday night, this place gets busy. Definitely worth checking out and trying if you have never been here before. As you can see by the plenty of other reviews, I am not alone on how awesome the food is!
Ummmmm YUM. Yes, I am a fan. Great creative food crossing some unknown line between latin and asian cuisines. Full of flavor, lots of creative ideas in the kitchen. Huge fan of the tofu curry, but everything I've had was delicious! Service can be a little slow, and the fan they have blowing in there must be the loudest fan I've ever heard, but I'm not going to knock them down for these, because this is a casual tiny place, not some fancy-shmancy place with a server just for your water glass. Kick back, order one of the cool sodas they carry, and wait to dive into a mouthful of delicious. If you haven't checked it out, you're missing out!
Tako Cheena is one of my favorite hole-in-the-wall joints now. Located on Mills, it's in a neighborhood that is THE place to go for tasty Asian cuisine (two of my other favorite spots - Yum Mi and Hawkers - are right down the street!). Actually, in this case it's a combination of Asian and Latin-American. And it works. Tako Cheena has many things going for it: 1. It's cheap. For example, you can get a 3-taco special for about $7. (You Should do so!). For less than 10 bucks you will be satisfied. 2. It's tasty. Everything on their menu is very good. The Asian hot dogs (Bahi Mi, JapaDog), the tacos (Thai Peanut chicken, korean beef, Asian braised beef), the burritos. I would have to say that my two favorites are the Thai Peanut chicken tako  and the Chinese BBQ Pork Belly tako. But really, you can't go wrong with any of 'em. 3. The people working there are the nicest people you'll meet. They're always happy to see you. We even dropped in one evening about a minute before closing and they took our order, no problem at all. A few things to consider: this is a small place, so tables inside are limited. However, this has never been a problem - my friends and I have always been able to sit right away. You can also do take-out, if you like. Another cool thing is that they are open very late on weekends, which is awesome because we're always hungry when we get out of the bars. Worth your time.
Cool little dive. Played awesome christmas  rock music. Empanadas were tasty but pricey. The shell was dry but the contents inside were good. Really like the cod taco. Crispy but tender and juicy inside. Totally worth it.
This was a great asian-latin spot for lunch or a VERY late night dinner. All the dishes are great. Can't go wrong with anything.  Unfortunately, they've been discovered.  They were packed on my last visit. Out of all their hot dogs (where's my japadog!) And the food took forever to come out. Edit - I've been back a couple more times and things not only seem to be back to normal here but they've been having some very tasty specials that can be found on their chalkboard. One more star!
I came to this place a few times when it first opened, and I loved all the food I tried, but it always took a long time to come out. I kinda stopped going for a while because of that. HOWEVER- I recently have come back a few times, and they seemed to have gotten the cooking timing down now. At each recent visit, the food always came out relatively quickly. And the tacos: well, they're just delicious. My favorites are the fish tacos. So yum. And I love all the sauces, too. Very flavorful! The cherry on top- this place is super inexpensive. And it's open late night. Everything about this place is great.
Everything I love about a restaurant applies here: it's unique, it's inexpensive, it's open late, and it's freakin' amazeballs.  Like, you will crave this place.  Service can be quite slow as they make everything to order, oftentimes with one person cooking, parking is a crapshoot, and you'll always have to deal with, "We're out of _!"  But you'll forget all the hassle once you taste the Asian braised beef tako.  And the bahl mi hot dog.  You'll quickly figure out your go-tos here and be inclined to stick to them, because not everything on the menu is worth telling your friends about (the thai chicken takos and the apple spring rolls weren't my favorite), but the items that are - they're SO good they force you into life's hardest choice: Do I get the same thing every time, or try something new in case there's an even better option I have yet to explore?  No need to agonize here - everything's under $8 so you can do both!
I had heard great things about Tako Cheena, but it exceeded my expectations!  I ordered four tacos for my husband and I (Panko crusted cod, Chinese BBQ pork belly, Asian braised beef and Tom Yum Mojo Shrimp).  These asian fusion style tacos were unbelievable!  Literally one of the top ten meals I've ever eaten!  The flavors were each unique and so delicious!  I will definitely be back!
Cheap, normal sized, adventurous tacos. Try them all. My favorite, though, is the panko fried cod. They could benefit from more seating but overall the place has a nice feel. It's heartening to see more places like this opening on Mills/50.
Definitely the BEST TWIST ON TACO I've ever had the blessing of eating. This place has a great modern take on their food, mixing Asian and Mexican elements into an amazing delicacy. If you're around Orlando, having fun this place should be on your list to go to. I am amazed at how innovative they are in their flavors, even their homemade salsas are amazingggg! Grab the Ginger Guava Salsa and Jack Fruit Habanero for all of your salsa needs. For a first-time or regular you must definitely get the Chinese Pork Belly, Korean BBQ and the creamy fish Taco. You can eat this wonderful tacos for lunch, dinner or even after-dinner, since they're open late into the wee hours of the morning. Chinese Pork Belly tasted great, you have that rich fat mixed with the sweet taste of bbq. The Cod taco elevated the taste of this creamy and milky fish. It totally blew my mind! Eating these tacos can be messy, but I truly believe that that is a great thing. One good thing about them is that the flavors never muddle or feel overwhelming. It's just this AMAZING explosion with every bite and you can't wait to grab more. The people here are down-to-earth and very friendly. Servers are always there to help you out, especially with selecting items in their menu. The whole atmosphere is underground trendy, with art from local artists all over the wall. It's a small space, and this place gets packed sometimes! But don't worry, they have take-out :) Definitely going to come back here again and again.
I first tried Tako Cheena about a week ago during a late night romp around town. I was a bit suspicious at first, but I am SO glad I decided to try it! I got the Thai peanut burrito and it was fantastic. I was not expecting such high quality food from somewhere that is open at 1 AM. The burrito was huge, the filling was so flavorful (I would argue that it was better than a lot of peanut Thai dishes I have tried), and the price was a little on the high side ($8 for the burrito), but I did have leftovers so it wasn't too terrible. I cannot for the life of me remember what my friends got (one got a burrito, the other vegetarian tacos) but both were very happy with their meals. The atmosphere left something to be desired. It's very tiny, loud, and didn't seem like the cleanest place. The tables were very wobbly and they use paper boats for their food and plastic utensils. It's casual, as would be expected for such a place, but with the prices I would expect something a little nicer. The service was ok-- it took a while for us to get our food/check, but I'm not sure if that's because it was late, crowded, or both. Food: 5/5 Atmosphere: 2/5 Service: 3.5/5 Value: 3.5/5
Tako Cheena is the epitome of fusion food. Like asian food? Great! Like Mexican food? Greater! This place combines the quinones of Asia with the portability and ease of consumption of tacos and burritos to make this place truly a one of a kind. On my first visit I was overwhelmed with the selection of tasty goodness since I wanted everything! But alas I decided on the Korean BBQ taco and the Chinese pork belly and I was not disappointed at all! Both were amazing, juicy, flavorful and just the right portion. For those who are famished and desire more food I would highly recommend the three taco combo or go for a burrito. The burritos are essentially the taco fillings with rice wrapped in a burrito shell. Best part are the hours. Craving a late night snack at 3 in the morning? This place is it! They are open till 4pm on Friday and Saturday nights. I would highly recommend this place again! I can't wait to go again myself.
Take Cheena really has amazing food. I had the Thai Peanut Chicken Tako, the Korean Beef Tako, and the Panko Crusted Cod Tako. Tako Cheena has some of the best tacos I have ever had. The staff was nice. When I was there, some jerk customer was complaining about something really dumb, like the waitress spilled water or something. The guy was being SO RUDE but the manager of Tako Cheena was so nice to the guy and tried to accommodate him to no avail. That was my only time at Tako Cheena, and I want to go back soon. The rude customer guy sort of marred my experience, but that was not the fault of Tako Cheena. The Korean Beef Tako was so wonderful. I'm dreaming of it now and wanting it. I want to try the Asian Braised Beef Tako and the Indian Butter Chicken Burrito next. The only thing that could make Tako Cheena better would be if it were a little bigger inside and if jerk customers did not exist.
Surprisingly VERY good.  It was like an explosion of flavor in your mouth.  My boss ate there yesterday and liked it so much, he decided to take the staff today.  The only downside to this place is that it literally is a hole in the wall... there is limited seating especially around lunch time.  It isn't a place for large crowds at all. Recommendation:  Panko cod fish and ropa vieja taco.  I also had the korean beef, but I didn't like it too much and that was partly because I don't like ginger.  Also, try the emapanadas.  They only had the vegetarian one but it was delightful.
After hearing rave reviews from a bunch of folks, I tried out Tako Cheena for the first time this past weekend. I wasn't really blown away. Maybe I just didn't order the right stuff, or maybe my taste buds were having an off-day, but it was definitely a bit underwhelming. I ordered two tacos: the Tom Yum mojo shrimp and the panko-crusted cod. The food came pretty quickly, which was impressive because there was a bit of a lunch rush at the time. I tried the mojo shrimp first, and all I could taste was the slaw, scallions and cilantro. I almost thought they forgot to include the shrimp until one fell out on my last bite. The panko-crusted cod was much better though. Super delicious. It was a bit heavy on the sweet and sour onion sauce (a little pool of it formed under the taco while I was eating the mojo shrimp), but it's hard to complain when it tasted so darn good. Waitstaff was friendly (I sat at the bar a chatted for a bit while waiting for my food), and it was a pretty laid back atmosphere in general. Very much like Pom Pom's (surprise, same owner) but a bit more restaurant-like. I will definitely give this place another shot when I get the chance, mainly because of the panko-crusted cod. I think the mojo shrimp just gave me a bad first impression. Until then, it's TF for me.
Since they opened up a few years ago, I've eaten here at least a dozen times. The food is unique and very delicious. To be honest though, it's gotten a little tired for me, as much of the menu is still exactly the same as it was in the beginning. There's only so many times I can enjoy a japadog or pork belly taco with slaw. It wouldn't hurt to throw more new menu items on it. But otherwise, I'd say it's a great place to grab cheap eats, particularly late night.
They are still cash only, but have a cooler of bottled drinks now. I had a mango soda, and they also had tamarind, grape, pineapple, Coke, etc. Pork belly taco was amazing! Beef one was a bit dry, but still good.The vegetarian empanada changes often, so the falafel one I've heard so much about wasn't available. So I went with the corn and veggie empanada and it was great. I was there with a small group and they were very accommodating with letting us push tables together. Music was a bit too loud for conversation, but I can overlook that since the food was so tasty. I'll be back!
I enjoy being able to eat late at night after an evening out. The food and people are lovely!
Food: 4 Atmosphere: 3 Service: 4 What a fun restaurant. It's Asian Mexican fusion food and it all tastes great. Empanadas add a little Cuban flair. The menu is small and contains tacos and hotdogs. Lots of sauces on the side. Not a lot of drink options but Mexican coke is never in short supply. The restaurant is a little hole in the wall place with limited seating by usually a lively crowd is present.  Give it a try. You just might love it!
Little spot on Mills in Mills/50 District.  I had the 3 types of empanadas and they were great!  The veggie had a nice spicy bite to it and the chicken and beef were well flavored.  It's Asian/Latin fusion.  It seems that the exterior to any item is Latin, while the interior is mostly Asian.  For example, we had tacos and empanadas, but they were filled with Thai pungang chicken.  It's a really good mashup. It's small and appears to fill up fast, so getting there earlier than the lunch crowd is probably best.  It's seat yourself, but with full waiter service.  They run specials everyday that all looked very good, although I didn't have one this time. Overall, a great spot with very good food.  I'll definitely be going back.
Ever since I went to Komida in L.A. (now closed), I have been craving some really good Asian fusion tacos. I was pretty excited when my friend took my boyfriend and I to Tako Cheena, but I was quickly underwhelmed. I wanted to try a bunch of tacos that they had on the menu, so I went for the trio and a fish taco. On top of this, I shared an empanada with my boyfriend. The empanada came first. I'm not usually a fan because they usually have ground beef, but Tako Cheena uses chicken that is not ground up meat. +1... and it was really tasty! I loved the empanada. Next, I had the trio of tacos: Asian braised beef, Korean Beef, and Crispy Tofu. And I went for the Panko-crusted cod taco as well. Panko crusted cod- Biggest disappointment of the night. I was super excited for this one, but the Panko crust was way too heavy that there was barely any cod kicking around in there. Too heavy, too oily, no bueno. Korean Beef- I love Korean beef, so I was really excited for this one, but I was pretty disappointed. The meat tasted great, but it was a little too tough and there was WAYYY too much kimchi on the taco. Might as well call it the kimchi taco with beef. Crispy Tofu- Don't know if celery was the greatest thing to pair this with. There was a slightly spicy sauce on the taco which was great, but the off-flavour of the celery just threw the whole combination out of whack. It was just okay. The crispiness of the tofu was pretty good though. Asian braised beef- Next time I visit Tako Cheena (I do intend on going back), I will be getting the trio of these because they were AMAZING. I loveddd this one! The meat was tender, it was seasoned really well, and everything on top just meshed together so well. The Asian braised beef is sort of the reason why I want to go back to Tako Cheena. All in all, it was meh- not bad, but not great. Asian braised beef is a must. And we also tried all the salsas- they were all great too.
Have to say this is one of the best meals I've had outside of NYC...  Fun, funky, and oh so delicious.   Not sure why it took me so long to try this place.  Oh yah, my myriad of new food issues... sucks for me, but Tako Cheena was able to accommodate with no problem. This last visit I had the butter chicken burrito, done naked, bowl style.  The super helpful waitress warned me it was large, and it was!  In fact, I'm just finishing it up for lunch today...   The Indian style butter chicken had small pieces of sauteed chicken in a mild curry, folded in with rice and pieces of sweet potato, then topped off with cilantro.   Small Fry had pulled pork tacos with pickled daikon and carrots in corn tortillas.  The girl did not even bat an eye at the veggies on her plate, scarfed them down, and declared them "the most delicious thing ever".  I think my mouth is still hanging open in shock. Ari had a food fest of; a taco, he loved it, an asian dog, double loved it, and then went back for something else...  His parents were also very happy with their meals.  His dad, so much so, wanted to go back for a "snack" the next morning.  :) Since we're in the area so much, this will definitely be in the rotation from now on!
Wow, this place simply...rocks da house! Ok sorry was trying to sound cool and contemporary and I ended up sounding dorky and delusional! Lol!! But I digress... This place is definitely worth a visit! I am disappointed a lot of the time with "fusion" cuisine, but NOT Tako Cheena! The tacos are some of the absolute best I have ever tasted in Orlando!! The place is a really casual, yet fun (and I must note pretty small and cramped) environment with it seems like (just by the people I have spoken to there) really devoted fans! I am now one of them! i didn't know what to order, so I got the 3 taco deal with the Korean beef, Thai peanut, and Indian curry tacos. All of them were very fresh, uniquely flavorful, vibrant, and full of texture and goodness. They can also make them a lil spicy if you like, and I add a good amount of Sriracha to my tacos. I love the cabbage-like topping they top their tacos with, incredible! I am not a cilantro fan, so they were able to leave it off for me, a plus in my book! :) I met a friend here at a slower time on a Sunday which was great, as service was really stellar, friendly, and upbeat. My only gripe is that they didn't offer iced water, and only bottled water, which I know for a lot of people is no big deal, but I don't like to pay for water except when I have to, but alas it's okay. I'll bring my own big water bottle in the future. Give Tako Cheena a try and you will be inspired and taken on a flavor adventure, giddy up! Lol!!
LOVED this place. The food had me between a 4 and a 5, but how awesome and nice the owner and the rest of the staff was puts this place easily at a 5+. I love seeking out empanadas and arepas when I'm in Florida, and this place was near my hotel in Orlando. I didn't realize it would be a hip little place with fun art, friendly staff and awesome Asian-Latin fusion food. I had the Asian braised beef arepa which totally blew my mind. I also got a chicken empanada which was good but didn't quite hit my craving the way I was hoping. My fiancé got the tacos- fish and braised beef, which he finished quickly. The menu rotates with new and seasonal offerings. I'd be excited to come back here next time I travel to Orlando!
It's official...I'm in LOVE!!! If you drive too fast on Mills you might Tako Cheena...so slow down so you don't miss this awesome spot...delicious food at a super cheap price. The inside is simple with pretty local artwork and orange tables and chairs. The menu is also small but it is anything but simple. I have a special heart in my place for empanadas and these are the best restaurant empanadas I've ever had. They are made fresh on location. The dough is flaky and not greasy. The "meats" (chicken, beef, and veggie) are always the same but the fillings are not.  The takos are also really good...my favorite is the thai peanut chicken. They also make the salsas and sauces in house...go for the guava...SO good. Don't forget dessert...both are super amazing...churros with 3 dippings sauces (butterscotch, chocolate ganache, and key lime) and they also have an apple ginger dessert which is amazing. Right now they are cash only and don't have tap water...not a huge deal...they have bottled water and specialty sodas. They will be getting alcohol in the future. Don't forget they are open late!
Huuuuuge burritos. This place is awesome for a semi-quick meal. I had leftovers for a full day after grabbing dinner here. Real simple inside.. just a little sitting area with very basic tables and chairs. Nothing fancy. Some cool art on the walls inside which is also for sale. Great to go with a smallish group.. I think anything over 6 would be a little difficult. It's not that big inside. Also, only street parking from what I saw. I'd go back anytime.. the menu is amazing.
I can't believe how awesome the food is for the price. I had the fish (cod) taco and a specialty arepa-both were incredible. I like that the food is fast-ish so it's a good spot when you are short on time. And the water was infused with cucumber; you don't often get a flavor reward for ordering water.
The best tacos ever .Out of this world flavors.Will come back again.Very clean Bathrooms
Everything on the menu sounds super weird, but it is all delicious.  With emphasis on the everything. Thai chicken takos for life.
There is an explosion of unique and trendy restaurants in Orlando.  The city is a well-known mecca of roller coasters and big furry characters but did you know there is hardly a cuisine you can't find here?  Take Tako Cheena for example- a fusion of Asian and Mexican culture that is popular for business lunches and late-night munchies. The menu is mostly tacos and at $2.80-3.50 a pop, one can really mix and match to customize a unique and flavorful meal.  The most popular choice is the Pano Crusted Cod Taco- big lightly fried pieces of fish mixed with cabbage and scallions.  This is not your average fish taco- there is a sweet and sour onion sauce here that adds an Asian twist and elevates this taco to superstar status. Another popular choice is the Thai Peanut Chicken Taco- or in our case- the Thai Peanut Tofu Taco.  Sauteed tofu with a cilantro cabbage mix and crushed peanuts stuffed into a flour tortilla.  One thing Tako Cheena does is STUFF the tortilla.  It's messy and forks are necessary.  The cabbage mix is flavorful enough but add in the crushed peanuts and this is another hit. I also tried the Tom Yum Mojo Shrimp- a taco I heard many others ordering here.  The shrimp was not wimpy.  Large shrimp in a marinated slaw with scallions and cilantro made this completely worth the $3.50 price tag.  This was possibly my most favorite of all the tacos we tried. The last taco we ordered was on the specials board- the Sweet Stranger Tempeh Taco.  This was perhaps the most Latin-inspired of everything we tried.  Tempeh was mixed with fajita-style red and green peppers in a corn tortilla. I ordered a side of the avocado wasabi sauce and I thought it was incredibly tasty with all our tacos. I can see why Tako Cheena has such a cult following.  Similar to that of their sister restaurant- Pom Pom's Teahouse, another very popular establishment in Orlando.  Both are located in the Mills 50 district- one of the trendiest foodie neighborhoods in the city. Tako Cheena has late hours for the late-night bar crowd- they are open until 4am on Friday and Saturday nights, 11pm Tuesday through Thursday and closed on Mondays.  When we were there quite late, there was constant stream of patrons enjoying the twisted tacos.  Five out of five sprouts.
The concept is bold, daring even--but Pom puts together the most surprising flavors to give you new tastes your buds have never experienced before. I've been here three times and everything I've had has been excellent!  I would recommend the veggie empanadas--they change daily and are always yummy.   The Indian Yellow Curry Tofu tacos are also quite splendid! If you are a veggie, you can also ask for the African Inspired Braised Beef with tofu-- I had it today and it was fantastic.   You also definitely have to try all the sauces... mmm.... I must also say the service is friendly and helpful. The one thing that keeps me from giving Tako Cheena six stars ;)  is the lack of a soda fountain.  If you want water, they only have bottles, which makes Mother Earth sad.
COD.TACOS.PLEASE. I heard that a certain Orlando expert loved to grab a fish taco or two from this spot, so after a night of boozin' we headed over. Tako Cheena is open late - so if you come in the later hours of the night you will find folks - much like yourself perhaps - looking for some grub after just leaving the nearest bar or nightclub. The place was busy, but we snagged a table in the back. You ready for some Asian Tacos (Or is it Takos?). I got 2 cod tacos served in a sweet and sour onion sauce, with mixed cabbage and scallions. (as recommended) and 1 braised beef taco (Pulled beef marinated in ginger, hoisn spice, with mixed cabbage, ginger scallion oil and cilantro.) The cod taco was easily the winner - WHOA! A breaded and fried strip of cod which goes perfectly with the sweet and sour sauce - it's a crispy, delicious, flavor bomb. I also got a beef empanada - because, why not? It was actually really good. I've become a big fan of empanadas in the last couple of years and while I wouldn't put this at the top of the list - it was good. Especially after a night of boozin'. The staff were all hipsters - in a good way. Tatted up, dressed with their unique style - and it was even our servers birthday! You grab a menu, take a seat and they come take your order - then you pay at the window. Everyone was super nice - and the place looked surprisingly clean for how busy it was.
Best tacos I've ever had.  The Asian braised beef were the best but I tried all the house tacos with meat and they were all awesome.  Place is nice and the staff is super friendly as well.
Wow! I've now eaten at Tako Cheena several times- consistently great! Very flavorful, high quality and warm, friendly service!
My current favorite place for cheep eats in the Mills50 district! I am a devoted carnivore, but my favorite taco there is the tofu taco. Fish taco is also great.  In fact every one of the varied tacos that I've had there has been delicious, as was the butter chicken burrito and the empanada! I also love the fact that you can bring your own beer with you, and that they display the works of local artists.
Great Asian fusion taco joint in the Mills 50 District.  This place can get super busy.  It's best to order in advance for pick-up or to be prepared to wait a bit.  It's a little confusing the first time you visit because you think it's fast casual, but there's actually table service.   The staff is friendly and the food is excellent!  You can also bring your own liquor.  They're spa water is a nice touch. My go-tos are the Korean beef taco and the Penang curry chicken burrito. Parking can be dicey since people fly down 17-92 so just be prepared when you try to park and get in/out of your car if you drive.   Definitely a must try and terrific addition to the casual restaurant scene in this area.
Damn Superman! This is a must noms list for sure. Cool little spot on Mills N. of Colonial owed by the same person who owns Pom Pom's. Cool local art, really unique food and good! Booooonus! I went with 7 others, I had the Korean Tacos which didn't fill me but were dang good. It was flavorful, beef, kim chee, in a flour tortilla. Really unique food at this place, great service and a nice location.
Environment: 2 Service: 2 Food Presentation: 2 Taste: 2 Price: 2 _________________ Overall:   10/10 This is a must go to place. The environment had me do a double take, I felt as if I had teleported to a trendy cafe in New York. The menu is straight forward.... tacos, hot dogs, and burritos, but the taste and presentation at Tako Cheena are of pure culinary artistry. I had the Indian yellow curry and Chinese bbq takos...the taste was hypnotic, definitely not your mommas tacos! To cap of the meal I had the japadog, it's a hot dog with avocado, wasabi, cucumber, spicy mayo, cabbage, fumi, and scallions! This was the holy grail of hotdogs, a masterpiece crafted by the hands of the Devine. Yeah, it's that good. 2= Outstanding 1.5= Great 1= Average .5= Needs Improvement 0= Unacceptable
I know Tako Cheena is known for its tacos but the best item I had here were the wings. OMG! They are delicious! An absolute must have!
I really wish I could give Tako Cheena a 5 star review but they just don't deserve it.  The food is excellent. I live about five minutes away by bicycle, so I've been in more than a few times. Enough so that I literally crave the crispy tofu takos. And I would never eat in there- it's way too claustrophobic and loud, and honestly some of the people who work there are just unpleasant. All of that is fine and a matter of taste -and the food is just so good that I've been happy to be a loyal takeout customer.  But now that's even changed. The past few times I've been there, I am super uncomfortably crowded in, awkwardly near the counter, waiting for take out. Every time, whether I've phoned the order in, or ordered there, I have to wait in line for the pleasure of paying once my order is up. This means that my food sits on the counter sometimes as long as 15 minutes, in full view of me, while I wait to give the very overworked staff person money for it. This means I have to proactively interrupt in order to pay. They clearly need a system, but it's apparent that the management of the place is too cheap to hire a staff person to do it, or maybe convert that soda machine into extra space where it could be done. It's very awkward there. Tonight I went to pick up a phone order and saw people who were waiting in line for take out who just left. The guy taking orders was also the waiter for a completely packed restaurant and the woman behind the counter bundling things up and taking orders when the guy was out in the restaurant had way too much to do. There is no defined line or area and it was clear that I'd be there waiting for the order I could see had my name on it and was sitting on the counter, so I just spoke up and felt bad because the staff wasn't doing anything wrong. The owners need to learn how to manage a restaurant. I like that hipster places often flip the finger at the american instant gratification standard, but haphazard inefficiency is just laziness. It's been too many times now so sadly I can't say that I'll be back soon.
After 256 reviews, not sure they need another (!) but I'll just say I really enjoy this little place. FRESH Ingredients Don't need a lot of additional flavoring agents, and this place serves FRESH & Delicious food for not too much money, my Favorite kind of place!!!
I've been eyeing this place for awhile, but it is a good 45 minute commute for me, and the few times I've been out on Mills - I've never spotted nearby parking.  Well, I'm glad that I finally made a concentrated effort to visit, because this place was AWESOME!  Really creative and innovative menu offerings plus rotating specials.  I could only try so much on my first visit, but boy was I impressed.  The Thai Peanut Chicken and Korean Beef tacos were delightful, and the butter chicken burrito with basmati rice was YUMMY (though a little too spicy for my palate!) Can't wait to try it again!
I finally tried Tako Cheena for the first time last night (well, this morning) and it was amazing. You know you're in for a good fourth-meal when after your first bite you say "I'll be Yelping this place tomorrow." All I had was an Asian Braised Beef Tako and 1/2 of an Apple-Ginger Empanada but that was enough to know that Pom Moongauklang is a culinary genius! P.S. they do take credit/debit cards there's is however a $10 minimum.
Tako Cheena was really good, but I suggest you save this place for lunch if you're going in with more than 2 people. It's really small and it gets really crowded! On our visit we watched two groups of 6 walk in and then turn around and leave cause the chances of getting a table were slim. I think I counted only about 8 tables, maybe less. You can also order take out, which may be a better option on busy nights. A good perk is that they let you bring your own beer/wine so you can drink while you wait :) On our visit they had run out of most things on the menu, which was a shame. Plus, they're open really late and we went in at like 5pm on a Saturday so I was a little confused how they could run out of so many things so early. Everything that we did order was pretty good. The braised beef arepa was really flavorful and the panko crusted cod taco was really good as well. The pork belly taco came highly recommended but I wasn't a fan. It was really fatty and lacked flavor, but the braised beef taco was amazing!!! I would eat 10 of those if I could! The tagline says something about it being a cross between a food truck and a restaurant and I feel like that describes it pretty well. I wish they would expand the dining room or move to a location where you could grab the tacos to go and go sit outside or something. I also wish they could work out their inventory ordering issues because, judging from other reviews, the 86-ed item issue was not an isolated occurrence.
WOW. WOW. WOW. WOW. It might of been the fact that i walked in there at 2 am under the influence of a fun night out. But what a way to end my night. THRE WORDS: PORK. BELLY. TACO. I tried about every taco and they were all delicious!....but the pork belly taco to die for. CHEAP AND DELICIOUS. A FOODIE JOINT FOR SURE.. Owner even came out to greet us and displayed great hospitlaity Very cool and hip spot with GREAT food.
There isn't a single elegant part of Tako Cheena, and I like that. Plastic cups and paper trays - you can tell it's not about presentation here. It's just about good food and a fun atmosphere. I ordered two of their Asian tacos and a Korean Hot Dog. If I had to explain the food it is this: Simple ingredients, complex arrangements. Their crusted cod taco was a solid 5/5 for me with its mixture of sweet and spicy flavors with colorful textures. The Korean Hot Dog was quite unlike anything I've ever eaten, so I highly recommend you check that out if you're looking for something different. I thought their Korean beef taco was a little lacking, but it was a great detour from typical dishes. Staff is very quick and sharp. I finished my water and within a minute someone came around to fill it back up for me. With great hospitality and interesting artifacts on the wall, this is a fun place to be at. Apparently this is another creation of the owner of Pom Pom's, which is a wonderful place not too far from this location. I'd give Tako Cheena a 4.5 if I could. Definitely worth your time to check out.
I'm a huge taco fan and love Asian fusion so this place is a no brainer for me! Lately they've been running a lamb taco special and it's hands down the best taco I've ever had there. PLEASE put this on your permanent menu. When I see it as a "special" I get nervous that it might be the last one I'll ever get to enjoy. Knowing it's here to stay will give me a piece of mind! The Chorizo, Pork Belly, Fried Cod and Asian Beef tacos are among my other favorites. Besides the tacos, I've had the Asian hotdogs (good, but a little too much slaw for me) and Empanadas. The empanadas are so delicious! They have 3 choices of fillings (Chicken, Beef or Vegetarian) and the vegetables/filling changes daily with your protein of choice. They have arepas on special and we've had those a few times and they're good but I've had the creme de la creme of arepas so me comparing the two wouldn't be fair so I am leaving them out of this review. Tako Cheena has amazing hours, especially for the weekend and two people can easily dine here for $20.
Checked out Tako Cheena last night with my cousin. We are suckers for low-frills, hole-in-the-wall gems. The food was pretty on point-we ordered just about every taco on the menu along with a Korean hotdog, an order of churros, and the cheese arepa starter (we are good eaters). The panko crusted cod was a favorite as we're the pork belly and Asian beef tacos. All of the tacos were solid choices although we didn't love the Thai peanut one as much.  The arepa was heavenly and we later heard the asian beef arepa was the way to go (next time, next time). Churros could have used a dusting of sugar or more dipping sauces and probably wouldn't get the hotdog again. Service was definitely the biggest highlight of the night. Waitstaff and the one of the owners were super attentive, kind and welcoming. Make sure to grab some beer on the way in-they don't serve it there but do allow you to BYOB. Overall: I recommend this place and am stoked to check it out again the next time I'm in town. :)
Take a menu to go.  Call and pick up! Awesome place. Very small. Delicious and cheap! We had  korean Hot dog, asian braised beef tako and a arepaMmmm!
My love affair with Tako Cheena started rocky when it opened a few years ago. The service was terrible and the food took forever but the tacos were so good that I gave them a second and then a third chance. They've been so good to me ever since. I am a simple eater. Once I find something I like, I stick to it. My go-to tacos are the Asian Braised Beef and the Chinese BBQ Char Siu Pork Belly tacos. At its best, the pork belly taco is transcendent. There's other good stuff here if you are more adventurous. Overall, this is one of the best places in town to get tacos.
Always fun and delicious. I love the Thai Peanut Tacos. Great, unique flavor!
Yum! Delicious Asian flavors thrown into burritos and tacos. If you opt for the tacos, get 3; it's a better deal, and it's the right amount of food. My husband ended up ordering 4 tacos and loved them all. I ordered the panang burrito (without the burrito wrap) and it was so delicious. They blended the perfect amount of heat and flavors, all for a good price. The don't serve alcohol, and it's pretty small inside. Otherwise this place is great for a quick and inexpensive yet flavorful meal!
My wife and I ate here for the first time after hearing about it from a few friends. We both had the same thing : 3 Tako Special: Asian Braised/Korean Beef and Thai Peanut. Each Tako was pretty good, but we both thought that the Korean Beef one was by far the best. The Thai Peanut one seemed dry and lacked flavor to me, but my wife liked it. We'll definitely be back here, as the food was great, cheap, and fast. As a side note, they do not serve alcohol, but you can bring in your own (no corking fee or anything), so that's pretty cool. I was told that they have a weekly special that rotates.
Cheap and tasty :) This Mexi-Asian fusion is delicious, and very inexpensive. I highly recommend the Korean BBQ taco and Asian pork taco! Our waiter, Chad (I believe?), was really cool and nice. He took the time to chat with us about the restaurant- apparently they are open late on the weekend for any night owls and sell neat artwork that they have on the walls. The only negative I can think of that the moment is that the space is a bit small, so I imagine it would be cramped during peak hours. Other than that, I had a great time, great and inexpensive food, and lovely service. :)
It's a dive taco place! Right off of Mills, outside of downtown Orlando. It's totally worth a weekday dinner to try all of the lovely offering that they have. You can pick three different tacos to make a full meal and they have churros! Woop Woop! It's creative and fun. The service isn't spectacular but the food makes up for it.
I go here pretty often when I venture downtown Orlando on a weekend night. It's usually filled with people who are having the munchies or want a late night drunk snack. Either way they picked the right place. The place is a bit small and dingy but the food is pretty good and the prices follow. Great idea to mix Asian/South American/Latin flavors together. they also have vegetarian and vegan friendly options. Something for everyone!
Another great Yelp find! Had the chicken and beef empanadas - both were delicious. Tried a couple of their tacos (korean beef, tofu, and pork belly), the butter chicken burrito, and their churros. Everything was great! Only downside was that they were out of most of their sauces - the 1 that was available was super good though. Will be returning in the near future :)
two words: kimchee burrito. just do it.
Pom pom has done it again. I've been going here for months now. The curried tofu is really great here. Normally two tofu takos and an Orangina is my go to and super reasonably priced at around 7-8$. The sauces are delicious, I prefer them over the salsas. The salsas are good but good salsa is easy to find. I normally ask for the wasabi avocado sauce, it's delicious, creamy, and I find hotter than it's 'mild' label. Apparently they've just added to their menu, can't wait to check it out.
Can we say deeeeeeeelicious!!!!! I never thought that I would actually like fusion tacos but this place was amazing!! Let me start with this, you will wait a bit for your food if you go during dinner time, seating is limited however when we went we were constantly asked if we wanted any water while we waiting which was nice to know that we weren't forgotten, the portions are pretty good. While I would hesitate to call it Mexican but fusion it most def is. I would def recommend everyone try this place atleast once. I however have been numerous times :-)
Just for starters, no need to order a soda (unless you really want to). Their cucumber infused water is so yum! I ordered a Korean Beef taco and a Meatloaf empanada (they have different kinds each day to choose from). I loved both. They tasted so fresh and all the different flavors that went into it fit perfectly with eachother. For dessert, I ordered the apple empanadas that came with a Key Lime sauce on top. SO GOOD! I'm a sucker for anything apple and these have been added to my list of yummy apple treats. I'm a pretty picky eater at times but I will be hitting up this spot again soon for sure.
It's no secret we love a good taco and the spicier the better. But, sometimes between pinto beans, brown rice, guacamole and salsa it feels like I'm eating a taco on repeat. So I was thrilled to discover Tako Cheena located in the Mills 50 District. Their unique style blends two food cultures, Latin and Asian. Their food fusion is unpredictable and incredibly tasty. After ditching the mile long line at Hawkers, my friend suggested Tako Cheena down the road. I'll admit I was skeptical at first given the location and bare bones appearance. But, the tiny space was stuffed with people dining in or picking up tacos to take home. The tacos were flavorful and interesting all at once. The Thai Peanut Chicken Tako (for only $2.81) was filled with mixed cabbage, cilantro scallion, chicken and crushed peanuts. I instantly fell in love and quickly realized I'll never get burned out on tacos again. The Asian Braised Beef Tako was equally fabulous and worth going back for a second visit very, very soon. Seriously though, I'm anxiously anticipating my next visit to Tako Cheena. The menu is small but unique and also features empanadas and burritos, but you can't go wrong with the tacos. Add some Srirachasauce and voilà, a perfect taco dinner for under ten bucks. So next time you're craving Latin and Asian flavors, don't make your taste buds decide, hop over to Tako Cheena for some scrumptious flavors. Tako Cheena is located at 932 North Mills Avenue, Orlando, FL 32803, takocheenaorlando.com and @TakoCheena Twitter.
First off I love pom poms. Which makes me sad when I know tako cheena is owned by the same people. I wanted to love tako cheena. I really did. But as far as I'm concerned tako cheena tastes like a lunch lady in rural Alabama decided to try to make Asian tacos. Just terrible.
Went there for a late night snack. Amazing flavors~
This palace is weird but it's good. Wait staff is wonderful. Water taste like cucumbers.
Tako Cheena makes me so happy. Warm and fuzzy all over. When I think about it being 3 hours from home in Miami, I get really depressed. People of Orlando, please realize how lucky you are to be a short drive away from Tako Cheena's gloriously delicious pork belly taco. Never take it for granted. Never. If you haven't been, bookmark this place now. I'll wait while you scroll up to add it.... Okay, so think Mexican and Asian fusion, but with a super modern twist on everything. The flavors are bold and all of the components of the tacos are thoughtful (so try not to do a special order. Trust that they knew the magic they were creating). I've had their tacos and the arepa that they had as a special (I think it was the short rib one). Everything was perfect and delicious. I've been for lunch and it was easy to get a table. I've also been on a Friday night when it wasn't so easy to get a table. This is a tiny place, so plan accordingly whether that means going early, waiting it out, or getting your order to go. Can't wait till Tako Cheena and I are reunited again on my next trip up to O-town!
I love that you can just order one taco. No need to make everything a combo. The options are varied and have a multitude of flavors but always seem fresh and not too heavy. Today I had a Thai peanut chicken taco and the highlight was the special pork benile arepa. It was really juicy and flavorful but I'm glad that I split it, because it. Was bigger than expected overflowing with meat. We had never tried dessert before but the apple and finer empanadas with keylime glaze were delicious! Save room.
Loved it, fast and delicous food.  Also, the staff is on top of it.
Most of the time the service and food is very s-l-o-w. Also, if you order take-out and it's more than 3 tacos. Your order is getting messed up. That being said, the food is awsome! Sorry T.C you know it's true, but I still love you.
We were on our way to taco tuesday at Tijuana til my friend suggested we stop here since we found it on yelp. Talk about a about a hole in the wall... had to circle back twice to park my truck. Based on the reviews i had to order a large list of items to satisfy my curiousity. The server came out and we certainly blitz him with tons of questions and he answered each one to our delight he also recommened the Tom Yum taco which is instantly my fav now. I Also ordered the korean tacos, thai panang chicken burrito and korean burrito.  I figured the burritos would be amazing and tacos just ok... but it was the total opposite!!!!! The korean tacos were an explosion of flavors in my mouth!!!
I am not sure why, but I love this place! I guess I love the fusion of spanish and asian food! Had a korean beef kimchee burrito, it was amazing! The tacos are so fresh and spicy, out of this world. I like the korean bulgogi beef taco best. Great servers too and a friendly place.
Ultimate fusion of asian and latin cuisine. The Japadog is a must order along with a collection of "takos"
Service was friendly and fast.  The roast/braised pork taco was the best out of the 6 things we tried.  It was perfectly cooked w just the right amount of fat to melt in ur mouth.  We also had churros for dessert.  The churros itself was a bit tough, but the dipping sauces were amazing.  My son is a traditionalist so we request cinnamon sugar too.
Finally got around to trying a place I have had bookmarked for a long time. Tako Cheena is a perfect place to stop after a night of drinking (they are open really late) or just when you want a quick, tasty, and filling meal. For my first time in I ordered a Thai Panang Tofu Burrito. It was very tasty! It was also big enough to have leftovers for lunch the next day. Service was friendly but a little slow. It was also be nice if they had beer available. Keep Tako Cheena in mind next time you need a late night meal.
Great menu of unique and delicious combinations. I love the butter chicken burrito (its huge) and I also enjoy the Asian beef tacos, and tofu tacos. Everything is made to order, and once they run out- its gone, so I recommend coming for lunch not dinner!
I'm very happy to say that my last two experiences at Tako Cheena were excellent. It took me a while to come back (since 2011 due to a previous horrible experience) but it was an Elite event that allowed me to see the wonderful changes that this restaurant has undergone since the first couple of weeks when they had first opened. I find myself daydreaming about their panko crusted fish taco, their hot dogs have a creative twist and are pretty darn tasty too!! I brought my friend here before we went to the Enzian for a movie and her favorite was the braised beef tako, we both shared an order of churro's and we loved the fact that they forgo the usual cinnamon and sugar and have dipping sauces instead; those are a winner for sure!! The only thing I noticed that they no longer have is the selection of juices and bottled soda's like Jarrito's, they really should think about bringing that back. I like that they have that cucumber water though. I hope that the consistency of delicious food and good service keeps up!
This is a tasty and fast place for lunch. It's also got fun menu items that combine Asian with Latin. Just wish the menu were larger! And for more less spicy options.
This is one of those times where I really wish Yelp had a half-star option... I don't feel Tako Cheena is really worth 4-stars, but at the same time, 3-stars would be a bit too harsh.  It's a solid 3.5 in my book. Service was great - it was crowded and loud, but we had someone taking our order almost instantly.  Food came out quickly and with a smile. As I said, the place is LOUD.  Its really small, and very, very popular, and for whatever reason the place seems to amplify the ambient noise to the point where you can barely hear the person next to you speak.  That's not really something I enjoy.  But, I'm not dinging it for that - this is what happens when a place becomes a local hit. We had six tacos between the two of us, all different kinds.  Each of them was either pretty good or "pretty interesting" - the latter referring to the experience you have when you try a flavor combination you've never had before, and you're all like, "Hmmm... wow, that's... different.  Not sure if I'm crazy about it, but its definitely... different."  None of them triggered the "WOW" factor I was expecting from reading other Yelp reviews though.  The cod fish taco ALMOST got there - the first bite was delicious.  But apparently that's because the sauce barely reached that end of the taco.  Once I got two bites in all I could taste was the overly sweet sauce they drenched it in. If any one word sums up the food, it is SWEET.  Almost every taco was pre-loaded with some form of sweet or "sweeetish" sauce.  One of the six was labeled as such (sweet hoisin), so that one is fair, but the others... I dunno, sweet tacos aren't really my thing.  Savory and a little sweet, sure.  Spicy and a little sweet, I'm all over it.  But sweet with a side of sweet... its just overkill.  It drowns out most of the natural flavors in your ingredients (all of which seemed top-notch and fresh, by the way).  In an effort to remedy the situation, I loaded one of my tacos with the hottest sauce they had on their menu, but all that added was MORE SUGAR.... yech. Maybe we ordered poorly - maybe "Pom Pom" just really has a major sweet-tooth.  I'm a huge fan of "unusual taco creations" like these and I think they could really improve their game if they let up on the sugary sauces just a bit.
I am a fan of Tako Cheena... tho not quite 5 star "as good as it gets", but a fan no less.  The trio of tacos we got were pretty tasty.  We especially love the Korean beef taco.  The curry burrito I had was a little bland because I think it was just too much rice.  We also had the empanada as well and it was tasty.  I will be back to try more items as there are many that look interesting.
Takos were great, I had the char siu and the Hawaiian chicken. Service was very slow but they were super busy so that is partly my fault for going right at the peak of lunch time. I still highly recommend their delicious food. One other gripe I have had for a long time,  the beverage selection.  They used to have yummy bottled soda but ditched that in favor of nasty fountain soda. Now the only things to drink are nasty unfiltered water or vinegary kombucha, really? Please get something decent to drink! It is my understanding that an establishment can make a decent markup on beverages. Fine, I am willing to pay, just get some of bazillion beverage choices available these days so I don't have to keep drinking Orlando water.
This place has my favorite fish taco.  I've had the fish taco numerous times and the quality is always the same.  Always perfectly crispy and delicious.  My other favorite is their tofu taco although all of the tacos are great and the empanadas too.  The late night weekend hours make it a great spot for a bite to eat after a night of drinking and hanging out.  They do not offer beer but you can byob and conveniently across the street is wallys where you can buy beer and bring it with you to enjoy with your meal if you like.  The staff is very helpful and will take your order at your table and bring the food to you.  When you are done with your meal you must pay at the front counter.
Well, this is just one in another of reviews lately with them getting below 3 stars.   And I hate to do it, because I do love eating here, but here's what takes them down a star in my book. 1.  Noise  -  A tiny space with blaring music (metal type with screaming in particular on this most recent visit) for the enjoyment of whom?  Me the customer, no.  The staff, apparently yes.   We almost walked out after our order was taken because it was ridiculously loud.  So, the customers (folks that are paying) are subjected to the folly of the employees treating a business like a playhouse.   2.  Dirty tables  -   Server didn't even bother to clean it when he came to get our drink and not again when our order was taken.   3.  Service  -  This is repetitive to the rash of 2-star reviews lately, but service.  It rarely shines.  Hate feeling I'm putting someone out when it's their job, not mine.   I'll still probably come back because the food is good, but with each visit I keep saying to myself is it worth it?  Really, these are consistent issues that don't seem to be getting better.
The food was great but Tako Cheena definitely had its kinks. First things when you walk in you feel like you should order at the register but you are supposed to sit down and then pay at the register at the end. Secondly they only have bottled soda and water even though there is a soda fountain of the counter which was a little confusing. Sodas were 2 bucks a pop which could add up. My second and bigger complaint was no beer. Our server was great and our food was delicious. My wife and I both both several takos. My only complaint on those was my Asian shredded beef was a little dry. The empanadas were also good. All in all we had a good experience. If they got some chips and beer this place would be a regular stop for me. Oh and they would have to fix the fact that every time the front door closed with a pretty loud and obnoxious slam.
I've come here several times and have brought friends and it's always amazing.  Suggest the pork belly taco
Tasty asian/latin fusion place.   Fresh ingredients, great sauces, and usually pretty good food. They were inconsistent for a little while and their A/C was broken for a few weeks during the summer, which made going to the tiny little place nearly unbearable.
as the other reviews would say, this place is good. Not too far away from where we were at Ikea so we headed on over there. Place is small but all the tables were filled. Good sign but not good when you're and impatient hungry person. However, it didn't take that long till we got a table. Guy who was our waiter was great at welcoming us, gave great suggestions, and was able to walk us through the menu. The husband and I both got three tacos each. Each one was absolutely yummy! My only complaints were we originally went to the place because my husband was craving chips and salsa. They did not have chips and salsa. :'( And the other complaint was the very nice guy explaining everything to us kept touching me on the shoulder or the back. I know certain people who talk this way and it may not be a big deal but I'm the type of person who only wants to allow my husband or my mother into my personal space. Silly I know but that's my memory of the place. Man really great tacos but that guy kept touching me.
My dad was visiting from Alaska, so naturally we took him to all of our favorite places in town. He's been to Pom Pom's before, so he HAD to try Tako Cheena. As always, the food was great. We were there late on a Sunday afternoon, and were able to get  a table right away. My Korean burrito was so delicious. It was even still delicious the next day, as they are so big I always have to take half of my burrito home! It always amazing to me at how consistently good Tako Cheena is. Already looking forward to our next visit!
My favorite spot in this part of town, the restaurant is so cute but very small and they're almost always busy, but the food is worth the short wait and the portions are hue for such good prices. My daughter loves how vegetarian they are, and I love how carnivore friendly they are. Must eat here at least once, you'll get hooked.
My third time here, this place has Great food, awesome service. Seating is a little limited but even if you end up standing waiting for an opening it never seems to be long. Usually a good idea to go with their specials for the best food of the day but its all good. Also, with the 4am closing time its a great place to satisfy those drunk munchies.
This is like Latin Asian fusion. Very different. I had the palenta bbq arepa. We tried 5 items. All were good. We made the mistake of going on Friday evening and waited forever for our to go order. We only did to go cuz there was no place to sit. Do yourself a favor and call ahead for a to go order..... By an hour.
This place rocks! I'm a bit of a West Coast snob when it comes to Mexican cuisine but I was open-minded and this place did not disappoint. I attempted to try nearly every item on the menu including the specialty fish taco and the pork belly taco. I would put the fish taco up against anything going on in Southern CA. But my favorite was the Cuban-inspired Ropa Vieja arepa. I probably could have eaten 10 of these but I was already in a food coma. Best of luck and I look forward to seeing you guys on my next trip to FL. And the artwork is unique and interesting. Enjoy!
We love, love, love this place.  Creative, delicious fusion creations, reasonably priced served by friendly, helpful staff.   They offer a variety of takos, burritos, empanadas, arepas.   It's tiny, so it can be a little while for a table to open up during busy times.  Everything is prepared fresh to order in the small kitchen, so be prepared to wait for a bit during peak periods. Staff is attentive and makes sure you have whatever you need - including keeping your water filled.   My current favorite is the Thai Chicken Peanut Tako, but the Korean Beef is a close second.  We've tried several items and have never been disappointed.  I usually get the 3 Tako House Special for $7.98, yummy and inexpensive!  The burritos are huge - and super delicious. The Indian selections are superlative as well.  You just can't go wrong - everything is a perfect blend of flavors. One of these days I will try one of the Asian hot dogs - if I can tear myself away from those takos!
The fried tofu taco is incredible. the sauces need to be bottled. I'd buy them all.
If you want something far better than fast food but have about the same price, then this is the place to go. Great asian/mexican food that stands out from all the rest.
Very tasty food; a good place to go when you're looking for a change of pace for a quick light lunch or dinner. I just wish they offered Coke or Pepsi products.
Really good/unique food. However, the place needs to expand. The limited kitchen space and dining room hinder the overall experience in my opinion/observation. The servers' difficulty navigating a crowded dining room, coupled with a maxed out flat top in the kitchen result in longer ticket times than a taco place warrants. Don't get me wrong, the food is amazing, I just think some small changes would work out some of the recurring issues patrons seem to experience with Tako Cheena. Still give it 5 stars as the food deserves.
Super cool spot! Mexican-Latin-Asian Fusion sounds so crazy but tastes so good. I love the hole-in-the-wall vibe here: chalkboard menu, interesting soda selections, and only a handful of tables. My experience would have been undoubtedly improved by some sort of booze selection. Can't even get a beer or wine here, folks. Alcoholism aside, I really enjoyed my meal here. After perusing the eclectic menu, I opted for a BBQ Pork Belly taco and a Bahi Mi Asian Hot Dog. (All the food here is smallish and very reasonably priced so it's fun to mix and match!) Tako Cheena offers up a slew of sauces that you can order separately to complement your meal. I went with the Ginger Guava Salsa and an Avocado-Wasabi Cream. The food came out after about ten minutes and everything looked scrumptious. The Pork Belly was fatty, sweet, saucy, and satisfying, but just missed the mark for being the mouth-watering, heavenly meat I expect. Still good though. The Bahi Mi dog was a veritable cornucopia of flavors in each bite. The Asian sausage was super sweet and the picked veggies were bitter, but the overriding flavor of this handheld was spice! Interesting to say the least! The sauces were good but neither were mindblowing. My friend did say that his sweet chili sauce was the best he's ever had. Now, for my favorite part of the meal. The Apple Ginger Empanadas were to. die. for. Basically they tasted exactly like a McDonalds baked apple pie, but with better ingredients and cream cheese frosting. Yum! I would have ordered extras to take home but it's bikini season, so no can do... but I do foresee this being a favorite winter time treat :)
Asian taco fusion pleasantly surprised me. I really enjoyed the Thai Peanut Chicken and the Indian Yellow Curry tacos. Noms.
Eat everything!!
My first favorite restaurant in Orlando. This place is the best, honestly I drive 20 minutes just to come smash as many tacos as I can. The Thai Peanut Chicken and the Korean Beef are the classics for me, but usually I will try at least a couple others on the menu each time I come. The specials they have usually are hit/miss with me, but I dont mind. I appreciate the creativity, and when you are paying 2-3 bucks a taco you can gamble sometimes. (I highly recommend the crispy tofu, you can substitute that for any of the chicken and it makes the taco nice and crunchy). The atmosphere is great for what it is. The staff has always been incredibly friendly, and if you can get a table it's perfect for a taco joint. Also, they have a BYOB policy so if you want some brews with the tacos just head to the gas station down the street. I love taco's so I may be biased on this one, but I honestly think you can bring anyone here and they will enjoy it. The atmosphere is great if you are stopping in before a night out, or if you are just in the area trying to grab some quick lunch. Celiac Friendly: So we have only tried this a couple times, but the Thai Peanut Chicken taco on a CORN tortilla has been totally fine. You do get somewhat limited with the menu, but honestly that's my favorite taco anyway so you can still have as many of those as you want :)
We're always on the look out for good lunch places near downtown and I think Tako Cheena will definatley be worth visiting again.  I tried the Thai Chicken Tako (very good), the chicken empanada (delicious), the beef empanada (didn't care for this as much as it was sort of plain, but supposedly they change the fillings each week, so perhaps I'll try it again), and the churros (good enough, but I'll probably go with something else next time).  The food was served with various sauces- I liked the sweet chilli sauce & the ginger-guava salsa the best- that helped give it another layer of yummy-ness. I agree with previous posters about the drinks- wish they had fountain beverage option or at least gave you a cup with ice to pour your glass bottled drink into. Overall the food was good, fresh, quick & cheap, so definately worth adding to the lunchtime rotation.
This is BY FAR the best spot I've been to so far for unique fusion fare. I literally die of Tako Cheena cravings once and week and whine until my boyfriend takes me (I so wish I was kidding lol) Ok so their takos are AHMAZING. Like, all of them. Except the thai peanut one...that didn't do it for me. My boyfriend sticks to the Asian Braised Beef and the Korean one every single time- he loves 'em! I am completely, and totally enamored with the Yellow Curry Tofu takos...I've never had such a delicious combination of flavors in a tako before! Some other great ones are any of the lamb takos that are on their special board and their teriyaki ones are delish too. The atmosphere is super laid back and chill. They don't serve alcohol but they let you BYOB (which is awesome.) They do serve this really unique and amazing cucumber water that's honestly to die for. I swear it's like detoxes my liver after a rough Saturday night. All in all, I love this place! If you go, there's a good chance you'll see me lol
I was excited to try because I love Pom Poms however I was extremely disappointed with all aspects of Tako. First, the service. Awful! I felt like I was bothering the female waitress with ordering food. Like my very being in the restaurant annoyed her. Next the food. Mediocre at best. Both my boyfriend and I left and agreed we'd rather have eaten chipotle tacos. They were overpriced and not that good. Definitely won't be going back.
Decided to see for myself what all the fuss was about, and sooo glad I did!  It's a tiny hole in the wall that packs humongous flavors within its miniscule walls.   I decided to have a sampling of items.  I went with the empanada which came with a homemade salsa.  Great texture and flavors even though it was vegetarian.  I also ordered the cod, shrimp, and braised beef taco. Man, each was a unique blend of amazing flavors that seriously had me wishing I ordered another round of each!   They were cooked really well, and the accompaniments were spot on.   Moral of this story:  I will be back!
Good experience, the place has a cool funky atmosphere, trance music going in the background. I think they need fast music to get the crowds through there. We were able to sit right away, and there were 8 of us (we're weird) but shortly after, the tables were full and people were waiting. Food was great, very unique menu, and Nina was super, walking us through what we liked and what would be the best for the kids. The menu ranges from mild to spicy and we got several things and passed around. It was all good. I must say, my daughters' Korean beef tacos were out of control. I could go back and eat a heap of those. The Thai peanut tacos were also excellent and the burritos are tasty.....not small. Go hungry. Leave happy!
Tako Cheena! You have served me well! On my last day of my Orlando getaway, my best friend and I stopped in for some renowned Tako Cheena dishes!!! I ordered the pork belly tacos and they were AMZAZING!!! Better than you can imagine! I also had the Beef empanada with sausage and potatoes!!! YES, you need to order it! No doubt! My best friend ordered the Indian Curry chicken burrito and it was EVERYTHING! I'm sitting here wishing they delivered or better yet would branch out to South Florida! (Pretty Please?!) Do yourself a favor and pay them a visit, you will not be disappointed!
I LOVE this restaurant.  When my sister took me here the first time I was convinced I'd hate it (a hipster taco bar?  What could I possibly like?) and then I ordered a pork belly taco and an empanada and I was a convert for life!  I've been back a couple times since, and my favorites are a tie between the pork belly taco and the cod taco (spicy and incredible).  I haven't tried the whole menu, but the servers are super friendly and they'll help you choose what you'll enjoy.
3.75 stars rounded up. Small little restaurant with unique tacos and other small fare. This place is not for picky eaters as the menu is small and the offerings are different from the norm. We enjoyed both the Beef and the Black Bean, Potato Empanadas. I really enjoyed the curry type flavor in the black bean empanada. The Pork Belly taco was just okay. We often like our pork belly crisp on the outside and juicy in the middle. This pork belly was chewy and hard to eat within the taco without a lot of chewing and pulling. The Tom Yum Shrimp taco was excellent.. Lots of flavor going on. Some heat and spice and the slaw and cilantro helped to cool it down at the end of the bite. I want to try the fish taco next. I would reccommend this place to a more adventurous eater who loves to combine different flavors together. Great little place.
Love Tako Cheena. Every time I go, I get the three tacos for $8. The shredded pork one is my favorite. So moist and flavorful! The beef one is really good as well and the Thai chicken is so-so lol But get a variety of their sauces and they add to the awesomeness of the tacos. I've also tried the empanadas and arepas and those are great as well! The only thing I tried and did not like was the fried tofu taco. It was just filled with a bunch of lettuce and very little tofu. Tasted more like a salad without dressing. No flavor. No bueno. But when I am in town I try my best to stop here and bring friends with me!
Great little spot, if you're open to some nontraditional tacos. Don't be like me and make the mistake of coming here with someone who is hardcore in love with traditional Latin food - because then they're going to complain about how "weird" it is ;) Well duh, it's fusian! That aside, I enjoyed the food here but it wasn't blow-my-face-off good. I tried the Korean beef taco and the Thai peanut chicken taco. He got the Pernil and braised beef tacos. I loved all four (we swapped to try everything we ordered), he didn't. Again, expectations - don't walk in here expecting run of the mill Mexican food and you'll be set. Place is tiny but it works, and the service was super friendly to boot! Overall, it made for a nice, quick late night dinner after coffee/studying all evening, and I'd come back for a quick meal again for sure!
This place is fantastic, and CHEAP!  The asian braised beef tacos are incredible, and the rotating selection of empanadas are always a delicious surprise; sometimes they are a little rich for my taste, but always yummy. The service is friendly, and funky artwork on the walls dresses up the stark ambience. This is my favorite food truck that's an actual building. Went back recently and tried even more mind-blowingly good tacos. The pork belly is to-die-for good.  Succulent and rich with a sweet, cinnamon-like red sauce (it's a little scary looking when you bite into it, like you're eating a taco made of gore, but DAMN it's good).  The Thai Chicken taco is fantastic, and the peanut sauce is predictably excellent.  Jason got the panko cod tacos, and said they were incredible. Though I'm not a big fan of seafood, I think I'm going to have to try them next time. If you want fresh, delicious, inspired food for super-cheap, check this place out!
Tako Cheena is small and cozy but efficient, And the portion sizes are more than sufficient. The Indian tofu taco was the best thing I've ever eaten, And for the price of $2.50 it cant be beaten. The Char Siu had great flavor but lots of fat, But I know it's supposed to be like that, Won't get it again, but since their chefs have such a knack For bold and delicious flavors, I'll def be back.
A rarely give any place an excellent rating, but Tako Cheena has earned it. In my book, this is due to the consistently tasty and adventurous food; combine that with a fairly decent price point, throw in being open late nights, and it's a trifecta of awesomeness. The best part is the food, of course. There is a real fusion of East Asian with Latin flavors served up in convenient hand-held tacos, burritos or empanadas. The dining room is a bit small so it's peak times can be trying. But be patient, a table almost always opens up when you're food is ready.
This is a very good place with great portions. The server said the tacos were small but two filled me up. I also had a Korean hotdog, which was unimpressive but now I can say I've had one. The specials are interesting.
This place is cash only which is definitely a bummer, but at least there were several signs posted around so you at least this is clear before you place your order. Inside it is a small place with just a few tables, like 4 or five, and a few seats at the bar.  With the size, it really gives off the vibe of counter service, but the girl tending the register actually handed us a couple of menus and said we could sit anywhere we liked.   We sat down at a table and she came immediately to take our drink orders, unfortunately, they do not have a soda fountain or any tap water option at all.  My boyfriend and I both found lack of tap water a bit disappointing.  We tend to drink a lot of water and think it's somewhat ridiculous to only have bottled water at $1.50 for a little 16.9oz bottle. We got our drinks quickly and ordered some food.  We decided to try the beef empanadas, a couple of pork belly takos, a Thai peanut chicken tako and the panko crusted cod tako. All of the food came out quickly, and we dug in. The empanadas were big and the crust was just right.  They weren't greasy and I really enjoyed the combination of sweet and savory filling.  My boyfriend thought they were just "okay" mainly because he is not a fan of sweet and he found the addition of golden raisins in the filing a tad off putting. As for the takos, I started with the Thai peanut chicken tako and it was delicious.  It was generously filled and even though it was a big portion with many flavors, it tasted surprisingly light.  I also had a bite of the panko crusted cod tako, which was equally flavorful and light.  It had a bit of a kick without being too much.  I ended with the pork belly taco and was a bit sad that I did.  This one definitely tasted heavier and not as flavorful.  Some of the pork belly pieces seemed tough and overcooked while others were pure fat chunks.  The crispy pork rinds added no real flavor and the texture was unnecessarily hard. I'll definitely come back, but next time I think I'll stay away from the pork belly, and maybe stick to the Thai peanut chicken and panko crusted cod takos...of and the empanadas of course.
Tako cheena is a great start to the mexican-asian fusion cuisine here in Orlando! I love their all-home made tacos and all their specialty sauces! Their rotating menu is great, never know what new taco flavors will be waiting for you Word of warning, parking is limited and be ready to wait!
I'm a huge fan of Pom Pom's Teahouse and Sandwicheria and, to be honest, I was a bit nervous about trying Tako Cheena. I guess I was afraid I wouldn't like it. Boy, was I wrong! The food is delicious and, even in a world where the whole food fusion thing is fast becoming overdone, unique. The prices on the menu are easy on the wallet. The atmosphere of the intimate space is inviting with funky furniture and local art. It is too often an unpleasant surprise to order something at an "original" eatery and realize what you're eating came out of a box. You can do that at home. If that's how you want your fried pickles or your fried green tomatoes, you can zap them in your own micowave. It's nice to go to a place like Tako Cheena where food is fresh and infused with care. It ups the game for the others. I'm happy to see something in this location that will, no doubt, last a long time.
This is my third review update in over a year. I'm afraid it will be my last. My first two were 5-star reviews because this place came out of left field for me. You could tell there was a ton of creativity poured in the menu. The ingredients were fresh and tasted incredible. The staff kicked ass despite some huge rushes in a tiny kitchen & shop, and I'm sure it still does to this day. I used to come there alone or with a friend. It wasn't the most sparkly restaurant in town but it wasn't dirty. Service was solid. The kitchen ran out of some favorite items occasionally and while some people raise an eyebrow at that, I didn't find that particularly exceptional. But between the end of 2013 and the beginning of 2014, it appears that things started going south. Many people I had recommended the place to started telling me about bad experiences. At first I assumed they were just unlucky and came in during a rush but I had a similar experience myself. The relatively chill atmosphere became overly loud in recent months for no good reason (an unsubtle attempt to rotate table faster and prevent long conversations, maybe?). Mismanagement of the kitchen, inventory and even the staff seems to have had endemic consequences. What used to be occasional outages for some high demand items became expected: you get whatever's not 86'd yet at Tako Cheena, not what you came in the door to order. Now, regarding food quality, when it's great, it's great. But it's very hard to recommend a place to friends who are in town for a few days when you know that one out of three times either stuff will be out of stock, or something will be off with the preparation. The latter used to be rare, you can judge but the flurry of recent negative reviews that it isn't anymore. Aside from the food, before the gigantic soda fountain that takes half the bar was installed, there used to be a fridge with Jarritos and Orangina, which were exactly the kind of drinks one would expect to have with the food served there. Yet another bummer. It's really sad for me to think that this place was named the best late night eating spot in Orlando in 2013. I highly doubt this will happen again this year unless some drastic changes happen. As for catering, which I attempted several times because I wanted to encourage my co-workers to discover the place, it was a gigantic unprofessional mess at least twice. Despite regular contact before a scheduled Friday noon scheduled delivery we received no contact from the owner until we finally received word (not from him directly) that he could not deliver and that we had to pick up the food ourselves. We scrambled to pick up the food while our entire office was left on hiatus waiting for lunch and the owner still managed to have us wait while the preparation of some items was still being finalized. It was unprofessional at best. I was disappointed and decided not to try to cater again, instead advising people go there individually. When we eventually tried catering again months later, the same situation (incredibly) happened again. I can attest that at least two other companies in Orlando have had similar experiences when trying to cater from Tako Cheena. It's shame. Despite all this, I truly hope Tako Cheena will get itself together. I know there are good people working there and it's a fantastic concept in a town that truly needs such a place. If it happens, I'll happily destroy this sad review.
We happen to stumble on this hole in the wall and by the looks of the menu it seemed worth the try. The menu reminds me of something you would see in a taco food truck with yummy Asian flavors. The place is very hipster and attracts the younger stylish generation. It's small so seating was minimal and decided to place our order to go. Little did we know it would take over 30 minutes to receive 5 tacos! The person before us didnt receive his order of 2 even after we received ours. We ordered the tum yum shrimp ( horrible), thai chicken (taste like pad thai), KBBQ (ok kind of sweet,  braised beef (way to salty) and char siu (the best one!). All items were topped with cabbage which didn't leave a crunch to it more soggy. Overall I probably wouldn't get the tacos again except for the char sui.  Only reason I would come back is for that or to try the hot dogs. For the amount of time we waited it's not worth it.
Best fast late night food spot in Orlando! Perfect jive between asian and Mexican. Amazing!
Food took FOREVER!!! My friend was really buzzed when we arrived, by the time we left, he was totally sober.
LOVE Tako Cheena! They once had a beet arepa that changed my life. Everything is so good!
This place is like a food truck but in a store front.  Awesome food! Highly recommend the Panko Crusted Fish Tacos and the Empanadas!  The ingredients to the Empanadas are subject to the veggies at hand, so always different.  I recommend the guava salsa to put on the taco and the empanadas.  The apple dessert--it awesome! I've been here quiet a few times now and have gotten my friends to become regulars.  Definitely worth checking out at least once...but beware, you will want to go again!
So this was the second time that I came here, and I have to say while the food is decent, I'm not super impressed.  I like that they have different daily specials, but it is just not doing it for me. I ordered two of the tacos, one chicken Thai, and a pulled chicken daily specials  The Thai was pretty good, but the daily special was just meh.  My friend ordered the African burrito,  based on its menu description, it sounded awesome.  While it is is huge, it is basically a quinoa burrito with little bits of meat.  It really needed more meat and spices. The service was pretty good, but I think I will just hit up Hawker's next time.
The food is very well done and the service is awesome. Yes it is small and you are not served on the finest silver but I Dont give a Fak!  I really enjoyed the relaxed feel and the food was VERY tasty.  Parking was not the easiest but who couldn't use a brief walk before and after a meal? I enjoyed this place and would recommend to anyone in search of awesome food and an enjoyable atmosphere.
This is an unusual venue!  The menu is imaginative and very unique.  The interior is small though and it gets very loud with many customers...to the point my ears actually hurt with everyone talking over each other.  They do not have a kids menu but they can whip up something for the kiddos.  They do not serve alcohol but do allow BYOB.  The food was good and the service was friendly and fast.   Overall, nice food and decent price but bring ear plugs and patience if you come at a busy time.
I've eaten here probably 5 or 6 times now. I usually get a combination of the different tacos offered, and all of them have been amazing. I've also had a few different empanadas and they never disappoint. If you like a little spice they have a delicious ghost pepper sauce, watch it though - it will really getcha! The only reason I gave 4 stars was because of the hours they are open, they are really all over the place so make sure to call first.
Service is almost more important to me than food. I walked in and it just seemed like the kind of place I would like. The menu is wonderfully weird and I was excited about the cod tacos. My boyfriend was getting the African burrito. The cleaning supplies they use on the tables sort of reminds me of diaper wipes, so my appetite was taking a hit there. But whatever. When my tacos came out, they were tasty but there was a weird mustardy taste to them. I asked if there was mustard maybe in there and the lady defensively stated that there was not. I informed her there was a strange taste I didn't love and pointed to the sauce; and she again defensively stated that there was no mustard in the whole restaurant and that I was pointing to spicy mayo. Well I don't like mayo, either and the menu didn't warn me about hotdog condiments on tacos. She offered to make new tacos but she seemed beyond annoyed at me. The burrito wasn't bad. It was just weird. There was a weird mixture of veggies. It didn't work well. Once I got my tacos again, they were ok. The cod was nice and crispy and also had a lot of fish so that's good. The food was just so-so for me. It seemed like they tried too hard to be different and totally missed the mark.   The service is why I won't be back to try a different dish. I'll stick with Pom Pom, this place was a total miss for me.
Sweet place, small but great food. I just had one of the best ultra mini burger with soruyo bread and deer meet!
Hands down best tacos I've ever had. I can't get over these Asian styled tacos. Between the pork belly, Korean beef, and Tom Yum shrimp they keep me up at night. After reading some other reviews here I think it's safe to say everything they do here is golden. [Insert a bunch of other awesome comments here and it's still not enough] just go already.
Really unique food. It does get really packed at night after the bars close, but it is always a good time. A lot of vegetarian/vegan options, which is nice
Big fan of Tako Cheena, I recommend it to everyone. The JapaDog is literally the best hot dog I've ever had (Chinese sweet sausage with avocado, wasabi, cucumber, spicy mayo, cabbage, fumi and scallions). I always get it, even when arepas are on the menu and I have to over-order. One arepa is a lot of food (for me)! But I still always have to have that JapaDog. Be prepared, the wait is almost always long. The first time I came in we almost left because of the wait, but all agreed in the end that it was worth it. WARNING: do not order off grubhub on their website. I tried this once with my sister and when we came in the girl at the register had no record of our order. When we told her we used grubhub she says "oh, don't do that again." Which of course meant ordering there and a wait... They really need to do something about that. The great food and late night hours make this place an easy favorite.
Great little find as we did not want to go to a chain restaurant while visiting Orlando.  The prices are reasonable and the menu has a nice variety of flavors.  Creative food pairings!  Nice offerings for vegetarians as well.  Service was fine.
Ive finally found a taco place that I love in the area. The Japadog and empanadas must also get an honorable mention.  T.C., I shall return!
Great food!!!!  I recently discovered this place while visiting my daughter who lives Downtown Orlando....wow delicious!!!   Never had anything like it!!  Tried several different tacos and they were all delicious!!  Also had some empanadas, also great!!  Don't think you can go wrong with anything you order from here!  My only complaint is I wish they had a location in Ft Lauderdale, which is where I live!! ;)
This place is either a hit or a mess depending on when you go and what you order. It's pretty inconsistent which is why I'm hesitate to go sometimes. But there are a few things on the menu that always bring me back. My favorites include the Panko Crusted Cod Tako, Indian Yellow Curry Dusted on Crispy Tofu Tako and their empanadas. Their burritos are great in size but lack flavor in my opinion.
So I put off this review for a long time. My first time here was when they first opened. We must have ordered the two least awesome things on the menu and we really didn't enjoy it at all, so I held off, we waited for them to work out their kinks, and then we tried them again (like, a year later) I'm glad we did. This is definitely one of my all time FAVORITE places to go. The staff is always nice, the food is now amazing, they offer cucumber scented water and the prices are perfect. I've had everything from the tacos, to burritos, empanadas, hot dogs (made with longanisa sausage, heck yeah!) to the arepas when they have them. The korean beef and braised beef are awesome. All of the flavors go perfectly, like they should be holding hands inside your taco. Their panko crusted cod taco.. this is my favorite thing that I want all the time and I hate cooked fish. They managed to make a cooked piece of fish that I will eat. They are magical. The bahimi dog is my favorite dog. All the flavors and crunch and...mmmmm. I want this now. My only sadness is that there isn't one on my side of town that I can get to on my lunch break. Oh man, I'd be SO fat and broke!
Best unique tacos in Orlando. They're inventive, fresh, and fun. The service isn't always the best but they're lucky their food balances that part out. The curry tofu tacos are by far my favorite. Definitely check it out!
From the day they opened more than two years ago, I have been in love with the food at Tako Cheena. The fusion of latin and asian flavors makes this place a food truck without the wheels! Advantage to me: I always know where to find them. The fish tacos are my favorite. Not a big fan of empanadas (too much pastry for my taste), I found them to my liking here. The staff is friendly, the food is good and the prices are very reasonable.
After having several bad customer service experiences, I came back to Tako Cheena to have one last experience before writing an honest review. When you're in the Mills area, it's hard to settle on one place, so I divide my evening by having coffee at one place, food at another and then ending up at some random location for dessert. I've ALWAYS been in love with Tako Cheena's Thai Peanut Burrito; however, I substitute the chicken out for tofu. Yes, you can do that - just ask! In my last few instances, the service has SUCKED; like big time. I'm talking rude staff that won't smile or recommend things. However, this trip was totally different. The host greeted me with a SMILE (This has never happened). At first, I was taken back but I went with it. She said "I haven't seen you in a while," which is true. Bad service = Unique not coming back everyday. We made small talk and then I said I'm going to try something new. She recommended the Tom Yum Mojo Shrimp Tako, which was absolutely fabulous - tangy but with a kick! The last time I came in, the owner was in the kitchen cooking. We chatted for a bit and he told me how he was focusing on getting the internal (Customer) service inline and making sure that everyone has an amazing experience. I really didn't buy it because of all the bad experiences I had in the past. On the contrary, I was proven wrong and had wonderful service. Now that all of THAT is out of the way, Tako Cheena is known for its fabulous fusion of latin and asian cuisine. The combinations are delicious. If you'd like to try something POWERFUL like a Power Ranger, I'd recommend that Thai Peanut Tofu Burrito and ask them to put GHOST PEPEPR (The spiciest thing I've had in America) sauce INSIDE it.  You will say "Who! No! Oh! Wow!" in the best way possible. MAJOR kudos to the staff and owner. You have won me back as a loyal customer.
I have to fully agree with Curtis M. and his review of the service there. I know I should expect Great service from a small taco fusion eatery, but I felt the exact same way about our server. She had that "ok... hurry up, order, get your food and leave" kind of attitude. Just pep it up a tad and SMILE, and the place would be So much better. The food I found to be good bc my girlfriend and I Love variety(especially Asian). It also helps that I am part Asian and she lived in Asian for a bit. Will def try this place again as I want to try the butter chicken burrito!
Great cheap eats - creative Asian fusion tacos - everyone loves it Best Of Orlando.
Fun place, definitely younger crowd.  Limited Vegan options, but a cool place.
Hands-down the best fish taco in town. I'm a huge fan of Tako Cheena- from the Panko Crusted Cod Tako to the Apple Ginger Empanada desserts- this place is great. Pro-tip: Order the Arepa. It's not on the menu, but they always have a meat and veggie option. I've tried both and have to say that the pulled pork one is divine.
I went here on a food tour with Tantalizing Tastes & Tours.  We all thought this place was great!  Everything on the menu looked interesting.  We tried a majority of the tacos and thought they were all delicious!
Yum...specialty tacos...a bit too much cilantro for me. Tofu taco a must try!
I read some of the negative reviews about the food and after visiting I am suprised, I have only been here once but they hit a home run from what I can tell.  If you love bland food and don't like to try new things this might not be the place for you. Keep going to Tijuana Flats and get your Soft Taco with cheese and sour cream only and stay away!!!!!!  3 Taco's for $8.50 includes tax, pick and choose. I had the Tofu Curry , Thai Chicken and Asian braised beef. WOW!! No hot sauce or any other sauce necessary. They dress these out with some flavor combos that need nothing else.  The place is small. At peak hours call ahead take out might be better or come off hours.  Can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items like the empanadas and the cod taco.
Overdue review update is overdue... over the last year or so I have been in here pretty much every week for either dine in or takeout. The core menu is the same as when they opened, and I still love the takos and churros, but they have branched out into some other delicious stuff. And, importantly, they are bringing vegetarian A-game to Mills50, which was my only criticism of the place in my previous review when all that was available was that tofu tako - the veggie empanada and beet arepa are my fav things in the area to chow down on these days. And it's still bring yr own bottle, which is awesome.
Went after seeing so many positive reviews. The flavors were excellent and meats well marinated.  The place is small and crowded. Very casual delicious food. Needs a Larger space to accommodate the influx of guests.
Well well well - finally getting around to Tako Cheena. Atmosphere: When you first walk in you are greeted by this vivid blue stained concrete floor like you're eating in the ocean but then you look around you but then you see all these creepy portraits of rockstars on the wall lol - Its a funky, hip, weird off the wall kinda place. We were also confused, whether its a sitdown or order and sit place. I think they changed it to where its a sitdown and you have a server now... I know a lot of people rave about the tacos but I can honestly say I truly only loved one and that is the Korean Taco with beef. The korean taco goes well with the slaw that they put on top of everything, cause the it really works with the korean flavors. We also got the pork bell one, which is like chinese bbq pork (char siu) in a taco. I mean its okay for someone thats never had it before but for a chinese person that eats char siu since growing up - it doesn't really live up to it. Plus it needs maybe a different kind of slaw. Maybe cut more thin like the korean bbq beef so its easier to eat. As for the panko crusted cod taco, it was just too sweet with the sweet thai chili sauce they use in there. Not really my cup of tea but some people like it sweet and I understand that. Japadog was another hot item that most of my friends has rave about and also because they use chinese sausage as their meat. It ends up being too greasy because the sausage has a lot of fat in it and combine that with spicy mayo just put it way over the top in a not so good way (richness). It totally needs something acidic instead of the slaw but more. Maybe serve it with a wedge of lime or something? Use a different kind of sauce, maybe ponzu? We also ended up getting a special which is biscuit with gravy and wings. The gravy was delicious but the wings only had flavor on the batter but the meat it self wasn't well marinated. The biscuit was fried so it was soaked up a lot of oil - which it would have been if it was  was just baked and left alone. All in all - its okay. I feel like Tako Cheena needs to know when to pull back and assess what they put together. Not everything goes with the slaw. Not everything needs to be fried. I am just not the majority that loves this place.
Really loved the mixed up Mexican/Asian thing here. I was afraid at first, but I overcame my fear and ate a hot dog that fell from Japan and a bunch of tacos that took a trip through China.
Really heard a lot of great things about this place, so the first time I tried to go here there was a wait so I opted out. The second time I tried I was able to find a table with in a few minutes. Now here is a tip.... the water is cucumber infused so once I figured that out it was delicious. Just took a few sips to figure it out. I ordered the three tacos. One was Thai chicken.... my favorite. One was the Korean beef.... very good and the last was the tofu curry also very good. I will probably try some different ones next time, but get at least one Thai chicken again. I wasn't super hungry when I went so the three tacos were enough, but had I been starving an app or maybe one extra taco would be a good idea. You have to pay at the counter when you are done, so don't wait for a check. (I wish this was explained to me being a rookie) Food great, service very good. I wouldn't bring a party over 8. I am sure they could accommodate you, but it really isn't set up for very large parties. I will be back and might upgrade my rating, just after so many rave reviews maybe I was expecting more.
Pom - thank you for landing in Orlando! I love Tako Cheena. If you haven't been - GO! So good. Service is great and the food is even better...
I still love this place food-wise but damn these hipsters and their mediocre customer service. I called in an order last night and here is how the call started with the girl who answered: Me: Hey! Do you guys have any specials tonight? (notice my upbeat and friendly tone?) Girl: ...yea. There's a lot. Do you really want me to name them?? Me: ...yes. Girl: [Sighs and names specials as fast as humanly possible, way faster than an auctioneer, which may be a viable career option if customer service doesn't work out...HINT HINT] Me: Orders first thing she says because couldn't hear the rest. I must say that upon arriving that the girl was helpful and I see the owner from time to time and he usually greets guests, asks how the food is, etc. which is good business. You don't know what you're going to get service-wise but the food is awesome.
Pom has outdone herself with her new restaurant Tako Cheena!  With great prices, fabulous food and the lovely and talented Pompom running the show, how can you go wrong??  The flavors and ingredients are surprising and delicious!  When reading the menu a you think, "Does that go together, SHOULD that go together"?    Oh, my god, does it ever!!   I started out with an order of her vegetable empanadas, which were a sweet potato and onion. They were sweet and had just a little bit of heat to them.  The empanadas change daily.  We next ordered three different "takos" - a Thai chicken with peanuts, a barbecued cod and a crispy tofu.  They were all superb!  The flavors danced around on my tongue and the colors and textures enticed my senses.  Along with our awesome meal we had Mexican sodas.  Though the decor is a little sparse (Pomilicious decor will come with time), there is no beer and wine (I was assured that would be remedied soon) and she is cash only right now- This place is a sure bet for a delicious meal!
Love love love this place. The tacos are great. The Korea dog is amazing. I love grabbing lunch here. Too many loud PBR chugging hipsters at night for me. Otherwise, it's one of Orlando's top snack spots.
The tacos are on point and definitely reasonable in price. I love the Ghost Chili sauce. Haven't tried the burritos yet but will be soon.
So, I'll be honest... My first time going to Tako Cheena was about 15 minutes before close on a Saturday night about six months ago. We ordered an assortment of empanadas, as this was all they had left and were thoroughly unimpressed. I could go into detail as to why, but you and I both do not have the time... My girlfriend and I made a conscious decision never to go back. Fast-forward five months and I run into a gentleman named Edgardo wearing a Tako Cheena shirt outside of a club, at a food cart nonetheless. I proceeded to ask this gentleman if he worked at Tako Cheena, he said yes he was actually the owner. I laughed. He asked why I laughed, and I told him about our negative experience. Edgardo suggested we come back in for lunch on him and give the restaurant another try. One month later, today, we obliged his request and...WOW the food was actually really really good! (Please denote my use of the all caps and double really). The owners customer service and obvious love for his restaurant got my girlfriend and I to come back in, but the unique Mexican-Asian cuisine will keep us coming back. Check this place out!
I've heard a lot of things about this place and had been anticipating my first visit. It was disappointing. I thought it would be better but it's best described as mediocre! Maybe because it's new and they need to work on the menu but I don't feel like the favors are there... I hate to say that because I love Pom Pom's.
Everything you love about indian and Thai food in burrito form! I finally decided to see what all the fuss was about this place, and I'm so glad I did! Parking was a little tricky- being on Mills, there's really just street parking. I had to go around the block and park off a side street. I tried a few different flavors of takos, and the Thai Peanut was my definite favorite. Try it with the avocado wasabi!
This place has lots of potential, but they put way too much rice in the burritos.  I've stopped going here recently because I feel like the burritos are just huge rice stuffed wraps with barely any meat.
Going through my bookmarks, I found this place that I had put there almost two years ago.  How in the world could I have waited this long to finally come to this place.  I was inspired years ago by Mike S. as his review truly excited me to get here with promises of pork belly deliciousness.  I am happy to report that Mike S. as well as many others, are absolutely right about this place.  It is amazing, with flavors that are unique, and kick you out of your standard rut of eating out.   After reading all about the pork belly taco, it had to be my first choice.  The pork was a little sweet tasting, which really paired well with the slaw and hot sauce I applied to it.  My wife will be the first to tell you that if there is cabbage on anything I am about to eat, I will brush it off without even trying it.  I despise cole slaw, and am not the biggest vegetable lover on the planet.  Here, they put together such a flavorful, wonderful taco, that I devoured the entire thing without thinking twice.  The flour tortilla was also a huge plus here, as my wife and I both prefer them to corn tortillas for softness and flavor. They had numerous specials on the board when we walked in (I suggest taking a picture of the board when you walk in if you are planning to mull over your decision before you order, it gets crowded around it).  I selected a thai curry taco which came with a mango slaw.  Being a huge fan of curry, this taco really excelled with the curry marinated chicken, paired perfectly with the sweet mango.   They do not offer a kids meal here, so if you want to bring your young child and they are rather picky eaters, it might be a challenge.  Our son loves asian type food, so he enjoyed a peanut chicken taco, and it was mild enough that he didn't complain about it being too spicy.  Leave room for dessert, because those apple empanadas are exactly what you didn't know you were going to need when you first came in.   One final tip, as others have mentioned, it is a BYOB type of place.  We didn't know going in, but next time will be bringing some awesome beer or wine to go with these out of this world tacos.  Overall, price and taste come together here for a stupendous dining experience.
This is such a unique place to eat. Everything is delicious and always changing. They attract a diverse crowd and are open late!
First visit was bad, waitress was rude and practically forced me to get the cucumber water after I asked for regular water. (It's nasty by the way, tap water with a terrible after taste) Decided to give this place another shot, but the service was just as rude - even with only two other guests inside. Oh yeah and everyone says the food is "cheap" - it's because when you get an $8 burrito it's all rice and overly spiced for inexpensive flavor. Or when you get a taco it's 98% cabbage and some weird sauce for taste. Don't get me wrong there are people that don't mind paying for filler, but I'd rather go somewhere else for better food (and pay like two more bucks). To all the waiters/waitresses here with attitudes, enjoy your minimum wage job - there's a reason why you're stuck there.
My bf and I always get the shrimp, chicken, and beef tacos. AWESOME! The shrimp is extra spicy. My personal favorite are the chicken tacos, I love the peanut sauce. I'm not sure what the desserts are, but my bf got like these sweet pita chips with different sauces that was just amazing.
Whether I'm at this restaurant or their sister restaurant, Pom Poms, the food is always nothing short of amazing. I've also never truly received bad service either. I truly enjoy bringing people to try their food, just to watch them fall in love too.
Great pork belly and pernil pulled pork tacos. Very tasty sauces. One of the best fusion places I've been to that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.
We used to be huge fans, like 3 months ago.  They have eliminated our favorite non-menu item (tom yum chicken arepa).  Also our other favorite, the cod tako, was really not good last time we ate there (last Friday night).  Fish piece was much smaller and harder than it used to be, also dripping wet sauce of some sort that was not good and made taco wet.  Gross.  (Plus once recently we went with friends and they were out of *both* the chicken arepa and the cod taco--by far the best on the menu--and these were people we had been trying to get to try the place for the last year.)  Plus the lamb taco didn't have tsaziki sauce because they were out.  Also the time before they lamb was burnt. And the atmosphere is *WAY* too loud.  The workers crank the music to the point where even if the food was still delicious, we would have wanted to leave because of the very high noise levels.   This place needs to return to its roots.  Not very long ago was one of our favorite places, but they are slipping.  Definitely need to put Tom Yum Chicken Arepas back on regular availability and go back to making cod tacos like you used to make them.  And the white sauce on the lamb tacos is not optional. We waited to review after going back a few different times.  Service and food have definitely been slipping.
This place is awesome!!  Great food and very reasonably priced.  Definitely not your typical Latin fare either, because this place gives the menu items an Asian kick.  I have been a few times, have sampled most of the regular menu and can honestly say that I have never been disappointed.  I am looking forward to another Thai Panang Chicken Burrito.
