Really amazing food!! Went to ask waitress what I should pick between and when I said Farmhouse burger she cut me off and said "that, it doesn't even matter what you are deciding between. That's what you want."  She wasn't wrong. It was amazing.
Service was good. Food was okay, nothing really to write home about. Would recommend the fish tacos over the chicken. I get a sense I've eaten at another one of their locations before. The fact that I can't remember says a lot about the experience, this visit included.
During our trip out to Cuse we decided to try Gordon Biersch, and I am happy we did. The food is so flavorful, and  the beer flows like water. If you're not sure which beer you want try the flight, you won't be disappointed. I will definitely eat here again.
$70 after tax and tip for two beers, a cocktail, appetizer and two sandwiches. SO overpriced. It was good (not fabulous) but I won't go there again because of the ridiculous prices.
I have been here a couple of times. I love their beer here and it's cool that you can see the distillery right there. Garlic fries are always good and the kobe slideres/burgers are excellent. Those are the typical menu items we order when we are here. The most recent time we also ordered chicken wings which came out looking like they'd be spicy and full of flavor, however the only flavor they really had was chicken. Very surprising with all the sauce all over them. So next time we will skip the wings and try something new because we will be back!
Another trip to Syracuse landed us at Gordon Biersch Brewery Restaurant.... this time with our two kids.   They loved the atmosphere and food.  We were so pleased because we LOVE THIS PLACE!     I ordered the FARMHOUSE BURGER With bacon jam (OMG I WANT THIS IN A JAR TO TAKE HOME!), tomatoes and arugula, topped with a fried egg (NICE AND DRIPPY!!!).  It was awesome.... a whole package of awesomeness on a bun! My 11 year old created her own burger- with American, lettuce, tomato, bacon and a fried egg.   She was so happy with her meal, yet it was so filling she couldn't finish it.   My husband got another burger he created on his own....  it was gone soon after it arrived though so I didn't get a good look at it!  He left with a happy belly and big smile so I guess he was beyond pleased! All of our burgers came with the most amazing garlic fries.... they are EXTREMELY Garlicy but OMG amazing.... glad my husband and I BOTH ate them though ;) My youngest ate off the kids menu and had the grilled chicken sandwich and fries.  She couldn't believe it was a kids meal.  It was so large and so delicious.  She was one pleased princess and ate her entire meal! (That NEVER happens!) Oh the beer... how could I leave out the beer?  We had the HEFEWEIZEN- with banana and clove notes and the MÄRZEN which was my favorite!  I love this beer... a Bavarian lager.... delicious!   I really wish this was closer to Rochester!!!
I had a great lunch here a few weeks ago with my Aunt. I love how they have the distilleries behind clear glass. I don't even drink beer but I think that's pretty cool! I was disappointed to hear that they took my favorite item (from a previous visit in another city) off the menu. Those potstickers were so good! Why would you do this to me??? Our waitress agreed! In any case, the house-brewed root beer was yummy and had a birch-beer-esque flavor to it which was a bit sweet but interesting! My Korean BBQ pork chop was fabulous as were the mashed potatoes. I don't know if it was a sauce or a gravy they topped it all with but that was perfection! It tasted just as good the next day for leftovers! The service was quick and friendly!
Great spot to grab a craft style brew and a quick bite to eat at destiny.  For small plates and appitizers I highly recommend the brats (not on the main menu) and the eggrolls. For burgers ...the farmhouse is the way to go.  Fried egg and Bacon jam. ... need I say more?  :-) Good bar atmosphere and plenty of tvs.
Yes, it's a chain. Some of their food is hit-or-miss; I would actually recommend eating elsewhere and then coming to Gordon Biersch for their strength, which is the beers. They make quite a few tasty varieties and even in the current climate of favor for small craft breweries, I quite enjoy what GB has on offer. Of their regular offerings, the Marzen and Hefeweizen are easily the best. They have seasonal and special beers as well. The WinterBock is fantastic, and if you can catch it, you have to try their Grand Cru. At this particular location, the bartenders are awesome. They come by frequently to see how you're doing, and the ones we had also chipped in to our conversation which I enjoy quite a bit. They were cool ladies and class acts. Not a bad place to spend a couple hours while others are shopping.
Gordon Biersch has become one of our go-to restaurants. I look forward to the variety of menu items, friendly service and consistent quality. I'd love to recommend a favorite dish but I really don't have one - I almost always try something new and am usually pleased with the results. On this occasion, we were seated within minutes of arriving and were promptly informed that it was $2.50 Tuesday ($2.50 for a beer!). My companions were pleasantly surprised by the deal and decided to sample a seasonal brew. In the end, they chose an old favorite but appreciated the opportunity to try something new before having to commit to an entire pint. We started with calamari. The accompanying wasabi ranch dipping sauce is unique and tasty! I am partial to calamari rings and was pleased to find that there weren't any tentacles in the dish. Awhile after finishing the calamari, we started to question the whereabouts of our entrees. Our server explained that the kitchen needed to make fresh fries for our order. A few minutes later, a manager stopped by to apologize for the delay. He was very gracious, offering soup or salad while waited (we declined). When our meals arrived a few minutes later, my Marzen BBQ burger was undercooked and one of my companions found that his Cheeseburger was cold. I chose to eat my burger even though I had ordered it medium-well. The best part of my meal was the quinoa kale pilaf. Try it! My fellow diner asked to have his burger warmed up and the manager was more than willing to oblige. When the burger was returned, it came with a side of garlic fries instead of the chips that were originally ordered. What a happy accident! The fries were delicious. In the past, we found that the garlic fries were much too potent to enjoy. These were just right! Since we were waiting for our friend to finish his meal, I ordered a cup of hot tea to sip on. Sadly, our server was snotty and impatient when I asked to see the tea selection. When she finally brought a cup of hot water and a box of tea, my friend had just about finished his meal. We usually have a great time at Gordon Biersch, so I'll consider this experience an anomaly. I'll be back!
Great new bar / hot spot in Cuse inside Destiny Mall.  Great beers / service / Tv's all over. Appz are on point, plenty of beers on tap.  Id def try a few.  Great specials during the wk.  Def worth a trip if your shopping in the mall all day and need a cold one. Haven't eaten here yet, but will def stop by for dinner.
Weds night , 8 pm. Male bartender had an attitude. Female bartender pleasant. Very good dark amber ale. Absolutely the worst bone in ribeye I've ever had. Loaded with shoe leather grizzle. If I didn't want to get rid if a $10 gift card that was about to expire, I would have sent the food back and moved onto another restaurant.
My mother got my husband and me a gift card to come here after an SU game one day. We made a mistake and did not make reservations and they will not take same day reservations. When we got there, the wait time was 2 hours and my sister came with us and was not willing to wait so we went somewhere else. 2 weeks later my husband and I had the chance to go and try it. We made reservations ahead of time but the SU - Duke game was on and the entire town was deserted since everyone was at the game. I think we would have had a short wait time but better safe than sorry and we are glad we made reservations.   When I called and made the reservations I was happy that they asked if I had any seating preferences. I prefer tables so I was happy that I was able to ask. If I had been there before I would probably have asked for a table near the kitchen because I like when I can see into the kitchen and they have clear panes so I would have been able to. Maybe for next time. When we got there we were seated right away and I was very happy that our table was not near a TV so I knew my husband would actually pay attention to me. Our waitress came up to us as soon as we were seated and asked us what we wanted to drink. This would normally be fine but we had never been there so we didn't know what we wanted to drink. She showed us where the beers were in the menu and then left to give us time. She came back a couple of minutes later and asked us if we had questions. I said no and asked for strawberry lemonade. She said that was fine and then left to order my drink. My husband had to stop her so he could order a drink - She didn't even ask him if he was ready yet she just assumed no. She then asked if we were ready to order; we were not. My husband got the golden export beer which he really liked. I am not a beer drinker but I tried it and liked it. It was very light and crisp. After she brought us our drinks she asked if we knew what we wanted; the answer was sill no so she left. After about 5 minutes she came back and we were finally ready to order. My husband got the craft your own steak burger with American cheese, chipotle mayo, smokehouse bacon and garlic fries and I got the steak frittes. We both enjoyed our meals, but I did not think they were extraordinary. I felt I could have made both of our meals at home and they would have tasted very similar and delicious. I do really like their garlic fries and wished my meal came with them instead of regular fries. I think it would have given my meal a little bit more flavor. My meal was good. The sauce that was on it was sweet but I like sweet so I didn't mind. It really helped give the meal something extra. The only real negative was that I asked for my beef to be well done with no pink what so ever. I got my meal with a little bit of pink through out. I did not send it back because it was not still mooing, I could eat it. It only frustrated me because my meal came with the beef cut in slices, the kitchen staff could have clearly seen pink if I could see it in really dim light.  I really wish I did not have any pink. My husband's burger was cooked properly for him. I also loved that they gave us normal portions. The prices were a little high for the normal portions but I did not feel super stuffed after dinner and we both actually cleared our whole plate. We also ordered dessert. We loved the little shooters of dessert, they were perfect for us because we don't really do desserts but like to have a taste. My husband got the NY cheesecake with strawberry and I got the chocolate mouse with brownie chunks. They were both delicious and we devoured them. They were just the right size for us. Our bill was just under $50.00 for a beer & regular drink, 2 entrees and 2 desserts. I thought that was pretty good and since our entire gift card covered the purchase, I was even happier. When the waitress cashed us out she introduced us into the points system and when you sign up for the card, you get $10.00 towards your next purchase and at every point level you can earn something new. I like the concept and we got the card. Though we were not overly impressed and it was super loud we would come back again and try a few more things.
So, last week I met up with one of my bff's for some dinner & shopping.  Perfect spot to do that?  Carousel Mall.  Oops. I mean Destiny USA. She suggested Gordon Biersch Restaurant & Brewery b/c she'd been there before and had had a great meal.  I had never been there- and was absolutely up for an adventure. We were seated immediately {even at 7pm} at a nice booth overlooking the bar.  The restaurant itself is beautifully designed with warm tones, rustic elements and dim lighting.  Our waiter showed quickly after we sat and took our drink orders.  We were kinda lame and ordered water.  Who orders water at a Brewery?  Yeah yeah, I know.  Next time! BFF ordered up the Märzen BBQ Burger {brushed in Märzen grilling sauce {BBQ Lager sauce}, topped with bacon and cheddar cheese. $11.50} sans bun.  It came out of the kitchen looking all kinds of delicious.  And she ended up clearing her plate- so I guess it was in fact delicious. I had a little trouble deciding between two of their salads.  Waiter-man suggested the Pear Salad b/c the "pecan-crusted chicken, come on, can't beat that."  So I ended up with the Gorgonzola Pear Salad {with Pecan-crusted chicken $12.50}. The combination of goodies implied that it would be an awesome salad.  And it totally was.  I opted also to switch out the balsamic for the "tangy vinaigrette" offered on other salads and it ended up being a perfect complement to the rest of the salad.  Lettuce + sharp and slightly salty cheese + crunchy chicken + the sweetness of the pear + the tangy goodness from the dressing {which I think was citrus based} = an amazing flavor combo. And because I'd never been to Gordon's and because I love them and because my bff said they were really good- I ordered up a side of Sweet Potato Fries {$2.75}.  The fries alone were awesome- nicely cut, cooked and then sprinkled with a bit of sugar.  But then Gordon had to go and outdo himself and add dipping sauces into the mix.  Have y'all ever had sweet potato fries with a brown sugar cream cheese dip?  Oh. My. Gosh.  The fries also came along with a dish of the Märzen BBQ sauce... and as good as it was; it was nothing compared to the cream cheese dip.   According to the menu they offer up a full sized version of these for an appetizer/starter {$7.25} ... next time I visit I may actually consider ordering just the sweet potato fries. And now I'd like to insert here a couple comments about our waiter... because it was around this time that he popped back over to take our dessert order.  Which wouldn't be a bad thing- except I wasn't done w/ my salad or fries yet.  So why was waiter-man asking us if we wanted dessert?  We ended up sending him away twice telling him we weren't ready for dessert yet.  3 times the charm I guess b/c when he came back we ended up ordering.... The White Chocolate Mousse Lemon Cake {lemon cake layered with white chocolate mousse, drizzled with lemon glaze and served with warmed blueberry sauce, I can't remember the price...maybe $5?} was good.  A little dry but the tangy blueberry sauce helped that out a bit.  Between the two of us the cake was gone in just a couple minutes. And even with his over-zealous attitude waiter-man was an overall pretty-darn-good waiter.  He even gave us a $10 gift card connected to a survey- take a 2 minute survey about our experience and get rewarded with $10.  That could easily be turned into 4 sides of sweet potato fries.  Or a couple beers. Definitely recommending Gordon Biersch's.  Had a great meal and looking forward to my next visit.
A little on the pricey side but the food and beer were both really good. It also may have been the best fish and chips I've ever had. Although the wait was long, if you can find a table in the bar area it's first come first served so we only waited about 5 minutes before we were able to zero in on an empty table. Also we got a flight which was nice to taste all the beers and you get enough beer that two people could share the flight, which was also helpful in determining which beer you like and which you didn't. I would definitely go back.
After some shopping, my good friend and I wanted to eat at a laid back restaurant so we chose this place. The food is good and we are a big fan of their homemade dressings, like the miso and jalepeno ranch. Their garlic fries are serious good eats!! I always order it with extra garlic seasoning and they will even toss their sweet potato fries in the seasoning. Even their root beer is housemade!! Can't go wrong with this place for lunch or dinner.
Maybe Syracuse just doesn't have a good selection of restaurants, but I think this place is pretty good. When: Saturday at 5:30. Line was 5-15 minutes long. There always seems to be a wait on the weekends. What: She ordered the cajun pasta. She loved it. It's the perfect amount of spicy, and was flavorful. It was a big portion too! I ordered the beef medallions. Unfortunately, my portions were pretty tiny, especially since it's $23. However, the beef was marinated quite well, it was grilled exactly I wanted, and the starches and vegetables were good. Definitely felt like they cared about the sides as much as the beef. Who: Our server was very nice. She would always come by to see how we were doing, and looked like she was happy and enjoying her job. However, she was inexperienced, and forgot to place our entree order. We waited nearly 40 minutes for our entrees. I guess only time and experience can change that. Where: The decor was great. It seemed that they put some effort into the design and used high-quality materials. The booth was comfortable and the lighting was just right. I especially liked their tanks for alcohol. Why: Come here if you like good food in a amicable environment with nice, if somewhat inexperienced staff.
We have been here a couple times, and every time we go we just fall in love more.  The Lobster/Shrimp Tacos are simply drool worthy. Oh, and their beans and rice are some of the best in the area!!! My husband loves their burgers. Oh my gosh, their sweet potato fries!!! Crispy on the outside, soft and warm on the inside, and perfectly salted... get them and you will understand!  The staff is always friendly... and if you have to wait 45min, it will totally be worth it!   My husband isn't a big drinker, but he likes the occasional beer. So when he says the hefeweizen is good, believe it!
Returning today mid afternoon on a Sunday.  We order a couple of draft beers. Our bartender,  Crystal, automatically  gave us the largest (and most expensive @ $6 each) draft.  Previous visits the bartender gave us options. I had the seafood cobb salad...fabulous.  Husband ordered the bbq pork. He wasn't impressed. He said he could  make better at home and it was very dry. He's tried most of the burgers and wouldn't order them again. He's still looking for THAT meal in this restaurant (and he's not picky). On that, I have to downgrade  to a 3.
I had a good meal at Gordon Biersch.  Stopped in recently after a trip to check out the new 'canyons' section of Destiny.  After checking out the new array of restaurants, Gordon Biersch was the easy choice as it had the Syracuse basketball game playing on all if its screens. Coupled with its "outdoor" seating area it seemed like a great place to have a beer and watch the game.   We started with their homemade chips covered in both creamy and crumbly bleu cheese as well as bacon bits.  The chips were good, not great, and could've used a bit more crumbly bleu.   I had their Hefeweizen draft and found that to be excellent.  The menu said it had hints of banana and this really came through for me.  I ended up staying with the Hefeweizen for my second draft although next time I will most likely try their flight of beers where you can sample them all.   I ordered their burger with housemade Marzen BBQ sauce.  I asked for the burger to be be prepared medium - however it hit my plate well done.  Generally this doesn't bother me but the edges were clearly charred and the meat cooked through.   From what i can tell, Gordon Biersch bills itself as a bit more upscale - so I would expect their kitchen to handle the the temperature of a burger - one of their more popular choices. Disappointing.   The garlic fries were ok - a bit too garlicky for my taste.  They were standard with the burger and came recommended by the waitress.  Our server was very attentive and friendly, so no problems there.  The restaurant itself is very well designed and was very visually appealing. Overall I'd give Gordon Biersch another shot - definitely for dinner - but I wasn't left blown away by my lunch experience.
Gordon Biersch is fantastic! Beer is great. Very clean! Amazing atmosphere. Portion sizes are good. Food is delectable. Desserts are NOT small! (And their desserts are very yummy!) Staff is very friendly. I recommend Sean if you get the chance.
This place is overrated. The actual restraunt, physically is nice but that's about it! The service is slow and the staff is not attentive, including the bartenders. While waiting for a table with friends we waited at the bar for 15 mins before we could order drinks and then had to struggle to find the bartender to pay! The food tastes like it was frozen, microwaved and thrown on the plate. This includes the calamari which is tasteless and the mahi sandwich which has clearly been in the back of a freezer for a week.
I will be back! Ate baja tacos and also snarfed some of my friends burger with an egg on top. Was an easy place to bring a 1 year old too! The crew was ready in a flash with a high chair and we had enough space not to bother the other customers. Im a fan.
Gordon Biersch has potential to become a solid CNY dining choice, but there are a few humps it needs to overcome before it can reach that point. It's a new restaurant. I understand there's going to be a wait. But if I'm quoted "25-30 minutes," I shouldn't be waiting for nearly an hour and a half. I asked the hostess multiple times after our initial 30-minute wait if we were going to be seated soon. She didn't seem to have a clue. However, our dining experience improved once we sat down. Their beers are absolutely delicious. Get the sampler, which allows you to sample about six or so of their best beers for a low price. Decent sized samples, too. We received our food quickly, which made up a bit for the long wait to be seated. My wife ordered a salad (don't remember which one), but she enjoyed it. I ordered a steak that was overcooked -- I asked for medium-rare, and it was well done -- but I will admit it had great flavor. I loved the garlic potatoes that came with it, too. Our waitress was average. She seemed overwhelmed, but I'll give her the benefit of the doubt since it was a busy night during the restaurant's first month of business. Overall, our meal was pricey. And for what I paid, and what I received, I just didn't quite feel like I got my money's worth. I'll probably give it another shot once the restaurant becomes a little more established.
My fiance and I are 0 for 2 in the appetizer category. The first appetizer we tried, the shrimp and pork pot stickers was a bust (See original review for details). This time, we decided to try the fried calamari. First, I was bit disappointed when I saw that it they were only using the bodies (rings), instead of having a mix of tentacles and bodies. Second, they were really bland. I'm not sure if that's how it's always served, or we just caught the kitchen on an off seasoning day. Third, the wasabi dipping sauce that came with the calamari was also bland. Aside from the marinara, everything about the calamari appetizer was just tasteless and bland. Despite our bad appetizer experience, I still think this is one of the best restaurants at the mall. The entrees we have tried, have all been delicious. And the brews are just outstanding. The entrees, beers and great staff are keeping this restaurant at 4 stars.
I know Gordon Biersch is a chain, but I compared to other chain restaurants I really think they do a nice job. Great micro brew beer made by talented brew masters on the west coast accompanied by well cooked escalated pubfare. We just moved back to CNY from San Jose, Ca which is where Gordon Biersch originated and really enjoyed the design of the Syracuse location. We were here during lunch, had no wait and had a great waitress. All around a nice experience.
Yet another garbage chain restaurant. Served box Mac-n-cheese on the kids menu. SERIOUSLY??!!
I enjoyed everything about this restaurant, from the service to the food to the atmosphere. We arrived at 8:45pm on a Saturday night (of Syracuse homecoming weekend, no less) and had to wait only 20 minutes for a table of 4, not bad. From being seated to receiving our check we were there for only an hour! I was very surprised at how fast the service was and how attentive our waitress was. I do wish I remembered her name though! This next point is the reason I started a Yelp account, just to comment. I am vegan and most chains do not do a good job of accommodating my diet. I understand the difficulties and usually choose to combat this by just not going out to eat or going to certain restaurants where I know the menu and ingredients well. I had never been here before but went with some friends who I was visiting. I asked about the stir-fry sauce and its ingredients and the waitress was not sure so she went to ask. 3 minutes later the chef-manager came out from the kitchen and asked exactly what I wanted and needed for my meal. I said that I was hoping to get the stir-fry but if the sauce is not vegan I could just get a salad or something. He told me he would make a special sauce just for me that was free of animal products. WOW! I couldn't believe the service, and on a busy Saturday night. Our food came out soon after and the chef-manager came out just after we had begun to check on my meal and make sure that it came out to my liking. (It was absolutely mouth-watering, for the record). I have never gotten that level of attention at any other restaurant in my 6 years of eating this way. Thanks so much to the staff there and enjoy, it's DELICIOUS!
Oh my God I HAAATE giving less than four stars to a place. It makes me feel so guilty like they are going to close or something because of ME. Gahhh. The food was good! No complaints there. Solid for the price, I got this shrimp stir-fry thing off the healthy menu which beat comparable chains' healthy menus by a mile. But the beer is so weak, guys. It's weird, because this is a brewery, and we got the sampler, but they were all kind of...insipid? Resounding "meh" for the beer. Nice service, pleasant and hospitable, definitely a place to take your parents or meet a cute blue-collar guy. I mean my bf is in law school but there were lots of cute guys at the bar, in my humble opinion.
The service was awesome! We had the pretzel burger, brewhouse chicken and fish & chips--all delicious!  I have one tiny complaint that the bread was cold, but it didn't bother me enough to downgrade to 4 stars.  We arrived at 5:45 and were seated right away on a Tuesday night.  The music was pleasant and not loud.  Love the roomy 6 person booths!  I wish they were closer to home.
i am giving a 3 stars only because of my unfortunate choice of food, which i did not enjoy however i have a lot of great things to say about this place. First of all, the appetizer were really good, we got the brewer sampler (i think thats the name, not sure though). I was expecting it to be a little bit bigger for $12 but it was good. For an entree I got stuffed and baked chicken, it was stuffed with goat cheese (which now i know i am not a fan of)it came with quinoa kale pilaf (i think it has cranberries in it, which were a little bit sweet and didnt go good with it all) and also it came with peanut sauce, and the sauce was really peanuty (like you would put peanut butter on the chicken) but it was separate so i just tasted it and resigned. The portion was huge, so thats the good thing. I was debating between the dish i got and brewhouse chicken, and next time i will definitely go with that. For me just the goat cheese, peanut sauce and quinoa kale pilaf did not go good. There was a lot of different flavors and i thought they might be interesting, but i just did not like it. Definitely trying something else next time My boyfriend got jambalaya and he was happy with it. Also we got beer, and it was really good, we enjoyed them a lot, we got the seasonals- dont remember the names. and our waiter was great, really nice and helpful. I would definitely come back and taste something else, because the atmosphere is perfect. I just made a bad decision with my food.
We arrived 10 minutes before happy hour ended and ordered beers. We were quoted happy hour prices and when we closed out we had to pay full price because the bartender wasn't paying attention to our card sitting on the bar. Terrible customer service.
I don't know why there are so many angry reviews, but good beer, good food, decent prices.  Had a kobe black and Bleu burger that was really good.  My only complaint would be that our server seemed to be paying a lot more attention to the drunken party girls next to our table and missed a drink order or two before it was time to go, but she was friendly when she was there.
Just simply clean, mouth watering food. I love the food. It is one of the few places in Syracuse that you can find a good food Menu.
This is in the new part of Destiny USA and we went there for lunch as other restaurants were very crowded.  This place was doing a lot of business, too.  We had a Southwest salad on flatbread and potsticker appetizers, but the rest of the menu, not to mention the beer (it's a brewery, too) looked fantastic.  It's not just 'pub food', there are steaks, stirfry, bbq chicken, crab cakes, lobster mac and cheese, and upgraded burgers and sides.  The food was good, a bit pricey, the service excellent, the atmosphere lovely and sophisticated, and I would love to go back.
Stopped on our way to Rochester for food and beer. The big beer sign on the side of the building got us, marketing works! WE got there right in between the 4-7 and 9-all night happy hour. The beer was still a decent price. The BBQ sandwich i had was the best I've ever had, definitely recommend it! All of the food and drinks were good, we grabbed seats at the bar. The only reason they don't get a 5 star is b/c all of the waiters were a bit rude and short with us, one had the worst short term memory and kept forgetting to come back with what we asked her for 3 minutes before.
Had a problem on my first visit here with a friend(3 months ago), but management was quick to fix the problem after hearing about it. I've been stopping here at least once a week since.
For having just opened recently and it being a pretty busy Saturday night, AND being a large group (11 people), the overall experience was excellent.  Erica, our server, was the best.  She was incredibly attentive and patient with our large group.  We even had a few more guests than the original reservation to which Erica and the other GB staff accommodated.  In terms of food, I ordered the California burger which was delicious and HUGE -- perfect pairing to several hours of pre-dinner drinking.  If you like your burgers saucy, you may want to ask for a side of their homemade thousand island.  The burger itself had a pathetic little dollop of sauce.  I substituted gorgonzola potato wedges for fries -- they were disappointing.  There was very little gorgonzola and the potatoes were sitting in a lot of butter.   My boyfriend ordered the lobster mac and really enjoyed it.  I tried a bite (or two) and thought the mac was great and there were lots of large chunks of yummy, not rubbery, lobster.  In addition, I appreciated that the food came out all at once for our entire table.  That is, there were 4-5 other servers who helped out our server bring the food.  It's the small things.  Finally, our kick-ass server Erica, she split checks for all of us without us asking (for a party of 11!).  Seriously, one of the best experiences I have had with a large group of drinkers and diners -- It's all because of Erica!  I would definitely recommend GB and am looking forward to going again to check out the happy hour.   Oh!  One more thing.  Despite looking like a huge restaurant, the seating area isn't THAT big.  In other words, if you are looking just to have dinner, I would make a reservation.  I know... Syracuse?  reservations?  Just do it. If you have some time to kill, I would recommend going early, putting your names down, and having a drink (or three) at the bar.  Good beer.  Great Martinis.
The beer was good, the food was not.   The food was slow to be delivered, the food was cold.   The floor was slick, the waitress was nice.
It's a chain but a pretty good chain.  We just had some small plates and a beer.  Service was prompt and friendly.  The only issue was that we thought we ordered the snack size of the blue cheese chips but were served and billed for the full sized order.  That said, we ate the full sized order so... no worries other than the initial miscommunication.
For what it is, it is pricey.  But the food and drink is worth it.  Like an upscale bar atmosphere.  The flatbread is great and the salads are wonderful!
Never had a bad meal here. Food is great, drinks are awesome. Service is inconsistent but that is expected at a chain. Overall one of the best dining choices at Destiny.
I just went to Gordon Biersch for the first time and it was all kinds of delicious!  I went with my boyfriend for an early dinner on a Sunday and we were seated immediately.  Our waitress was very friendly and the service was amazing- we were served super fast.  We both got a kobe burger and they were amazing! As were the garlic fries and the cucumber basil Collins cocktail!  One of my favorite things about the restaurant was the big window that lets you see into the kitchen and watch all the cooks. I highly recommend this restaurant.
