K Restaurant remains at the top of my list of best places to eat in Orlando. The locally sourced food is expertly prepared by Chef K and his kitchen staff with finesse, skill and a dash of love. Hubby and I enjoy dining in the front room adjacent to the porch and always request Rocky who is fun, lively, talented and very attentive. Favorites still include the filet, pork tenderloin, the lobster mac and cheese, the crab salad with fried green tomatoes, the arugula salad and any of the fish dishes. If we stray from our favorites, we are never disappointed as the food is so delicious and inventive. My most recent visit was to celebrate a friends birthday. Our reservation was greeted and seated promptly, Rocky welcomed us with open arms and the festive evening was completed with a wonderful meal. We both dined on the Lobster mac and cheese, the creamy and cheesy sauce was appointed with tender, sweet lobster and flavorful roasted mushrooms and tomatoes. It was a special that evening, but the sausage mac and cheese is regularly on the menu. Over the years they've graciously substituted shrimp for the sausage to accommodate my non meat eating status. All versions are equally raved about by friends who've enjoyed the pasta entree over the years. My friend stated with the arugula salad and I ordered the Fried green tomatoes for my hubby to enjoy at home, along with my leftover lobster mac and cheese. He also proclaimed it delicious. Another lovely evening and meal at K, already looking forward to my next trip back! Join the email list to be updated on special events, wine tastings and the monthly brunch.
Very Awesome New American cuisine with a New Orleans flare Great gumbo, salads, and fried green tomatoes .Service and ambience with a hipster vibe.Great desserts .Only negative is you can't order a Cosmo.Only  wine and beer served here.I love bread and it' s Sourdough.Best Orlando date place bar none .
This is hands down one of my FAVORITE places in all of Orlando. The food is always super fresh, full of layers of flavor and I can never get enough. The atmosphere is so cozy and welcoming. And the service is spectacular. Everyone is very knowledgeable about the menu. Every birthday this is where I come. Their burgers are the best in town and the lamb... if you like lamb do not hesitate. Much love for you guys!
Other restaurants might offer a similar high-end food experience, but the fabulous food, coupled with the exemplary wait service, makes K my favorite restaurant in Orlando.  Ask to sit in Michael's section-- he is a gem, but frankly, everyone works together at K to make dinning there a pleasure.
I found this restaurant from reviews on Yelp and it paid off!   We arrived when they just opened.  Plenty of friendly folks working here. Ask for Bethany; she's the bestest! I started with the Ceviche.  A great balance of citrus flavors and nice texture to the seafood, not tough or too soft. My co-diners enjoyed the duck(not gamey at all) with roasted beets and oranges, and the heirloom tomato salad served at room temperature. My entree consisted of Cobia that was cooked just right, slightly firm but still able to flake with a fork.  The potato hash had chunks of potatoes that had a snap to the outer skin and soft and fluffy interior.  The tomato sauce was passed through a sieve, a very fine smooth purée full of rich tomato flavor. We also had their Mac n cheese. It is nothing like I have had before.  The pasta was coated in a rich creamy slightly cheesy sauce and topped with a great blend of cheeses served au gratin style.  Order it! My co-diner's filet was tender and cooked to his specifications.  He could not stop saying how the sauce was the best he ever had. Chef Kevin has got a great place.
I went to this place because of other reviews when I had to visit Orlando. I can tell you that the Mac and Cheese is amazing! The pork is to die for! And the Shrimp Creole BBQ is something everyone must try. Also, the staff is simply amazing. It really is the best service I have experienced. They go out of their way to make you feel welcome. And Bethany is the bomb!
This is my new favorite restaurant in Orlando. Great service, in a different atmosphere (Seriously, the place is laid out like an actual house!), beautifully designed menu, fantastic beer/wine selections, and the atmosphere is just so welcoming. We considered going to a restaurant that shall remain nameless, that is in Universal City Walk and happens to be kind of pricey, but instead wanted to stay local so we tried K restaurant. So glad we did! The prices were better and the food was among the top 5 restaurants we have had in Orlando. I highly recommend them and can not wait until our 8 year wedding anniversary next month so I have an excuse to go back! We tried a set menu for $25/person which included an appetizer, your choice of two entrees, and a dessert. Fantastic value with a quality menu that in my opinions is very tough to match! Love, love, love!
I've been meaning to write this review for a couple of weeks now! We went here in late June for a special occasion. I have to say to was worth the drive from Tampa! The food was unique, fresh and delicious! I had read the reviews, so planned on ordering the majority of what I read about. Our server, Gary, was a big asset to our ordering!  We started with a glass of red zinfindel for me and a Pinot Grigio for my husband, both were excellent. I had to have the fried green tomatoes with crab meat. As good as everyone says they are! Loved them! I wanted to stay in the appetizer section, as everything looked so interesting! Gary recommended the shrimp and grits. This is one of my all time favorites so I am very discriminating. This was a different version, as the sauce was a spicy red creole. It was different from what I am used to, but we loved it! I have to say that what made this plate over the top was Gary's suggestion to pair it with a sweet German wine. Not usually my favorite, but something about the spicy with the cold, sweet wine made it amazing!, this was a very filling appetizer, and we were contemplating what to do next. We decided to split the a Duck entree. My husband loves duck, so I felt we had to try it. It was fantastic. Again, Gary paired it with a delicious red. It was so smooth, and really brought it to the next level. We were stuffed, but wanted to try the dessert special, of homemade cobbler. Sadly  they were out of it. So, we decided to hold off, and just wait for next time! We will be back, and I know it will be worth the trip again!
Great menu! Flavorful, thoughtfully prepared food.  Beautiful decor.  Fabulous wine list!  I also love that they grow all their own vegetables in the garden out back, so you know it is all fresh.  Make sure to make a reservation, as they tend to get busy.  Ask for Stephen!  He is an amazing server, prompt, knowledgeable and energetic.
An understated local resource where prime ingredients are transformed by culinary craftsmanship. The only reason it doesn't earn 5 marks is because the wait service falls short of the culinary excellence provided.
I went to K about 6 months ago for the first time.  Loved the wooden floors, the cool staff and the wine list is GREAT!...  Now- the food.. ohhhh the food.  Get the iceburg lettuce with all the yummy stuff on it.. THEN off to the cheese grits..  Are you kidding meee??  sooooooo GOOOD.. I don't love meat- BUT under the light twist of an arm- I tried my friends Filet.. the best I have ever tried.  (I'm very picky), but everyting was good.  I had the pasta with shrimp.. yep do that too.. Also-the desserts I usually skip, but you can't skip this... all good.  O.k.-- if your sitting at the bar, you won't leave a stranger.  People talk to you as if they have known you forever.  Great place, also- a really nice place for a date!
We were looking for a place for dinner a real foodie could appreciate and a friend who is local took us to K. As soon as we were seated, our server Aaron greeted us and the set the tone for a great meal. Honestly, he was one of the best servers I have had in a long time. The menu changes daily but we had zucchini blossoms and a prosciutto and peach plate for starters. We arrived after nine and I did appreciate that the day's menu had been reprinted to reflect what they were still serving. For dinner we had both the gnocchi and the cobia and both were excellent. We chose the bread pudding to share for dessert. There were a few hiccups in the meal - one of the first appetizers we ordered was sold out and one of the aperitifs we ordered was out of stock but Aaron was very apologetic and gracious. I would recommend K highly.
Have been hearing good things about this place. Wife convinced me to try it out with her on a Thursday night. Just so happens that Thursday nights are "Filet Nights" at K. Made a reservation in advance, got there and had to wait at the front for about 5 minutes before a host person even made it up there. On the way to be seated, we learned that they were out of filet mignon. Ahhhh really?! I'm not the kinda person to just walk out because of something like that, so we decided to stay. K Restaurant is unique in the fact that it's like a restaurant inside a house. I guess once upon a time it was. Very strange ambiance inside the place. Anyways, looking at the menu and was kinda thrown off. They have some starters like calamari and fried green tomatoes, and then beer battered fish?! Umm okay. Salads were all pretty standard. With the place being out of filets, that took all red meat off the entire menu. They then had pork, fish, and RABBIT! Interesting... Also as an entree was Mac 'n Cheese. Didn't appear to be anything special about it, not really a description of it as far as what cheese is used, anything special in it or on top of it. Does the K stand for Kraft?!?! Haha, lil joke there. JUST KIDDING K! Anyways, ended up with pork and fish. The entrees were good but not $25 good. Could probably get the same thing at Dexter's for probably $15... Anyways, I'm glad I got to try it. I definitely would like to get a filet on "Filet Night". It did sound delicious and I went in there craving it. That may have been my issue. I'll definitely try and get back there though. As far as drinks good, they seemed to have a pretty exclusive wine menu. I had just gotten off the golf course so I was craving cold beer. Server kinda knew, kinda didn't know what was on tap. Found out they had Southampton on tap while we were leaving and he didn't mention that. FML!
Well done Chef K! This is a quality restaurant! Atmosphere is perfect, an old house. The staff is helpful and knowledgeable. The food is DELICIOUS! And I was so excited to walk into the super cute garden and see all of the fresh veggies and herbs they grow right on site. I always get the mac and cheese. It is incredible and made for grown-ups (not that Kraft stuff).  A go-to spot!
Love the seasonal menu & around-the-world spirits! The menu is to die for and all the drinks are unique. It's a cozy house that was renovated into a cozy restaurant. Good for drinks & appetizers at the front bar and good for intimate dates and parties on the side of the house. There's also a front large patio for those nights and days with good weather. The staff is super laid-back and entertaining. You will have a great time here!
For my BFF's birthday, we obtained tickets for the musical Wicked (she's from Boston and is in love with all things Witchy). The girls left the restaurant choice up to me as they think I have magical powers in choosing just the right place - they don't know Yelp is my secret weapon! So, Yelp led us to heaven, or, I mean K Restaurant. What a fantastic, perfect place with an adult atmosphere. We loved how cozy the converted old house atmosphere wraps around you just like their amazing wines. We made reservations and delighted in the attentiveness of our servers, who seemed to have crystal balls as they just KNEW we were going to a show. One of our friends is a slightly picky eater, so I was a little worried she may not enjoy the very creative menu. Thankfully, I was proved wrong when I saw her face light up as we shared the Fried Green Tomato Crab Stack. I followed with the Porcini dusted filet which melted in my mouth like butter. We shared the chocolate lava cake, which was the perfect ending to the perfect meal. To be honest, I didn't want to leave for the show. I would have been perfectly content enjoying the cozy atmosphere and the waiters' charming personalities for the rest of the evening. I can't wait to take my husband there. Hmmmm, my bday is coming........
While spending the week in Orlando for a conference, my wife and I wanted to go out to a nice dinner at a locally-owned restaurant (rarely a fan of chains).  We searched Yelp and a few local sites and found that all of Orlando was celebrating 'Magical Dining Month' throughout September.  This event showcases area restaurants that offer a $30 pre-fixe menu that includes an appetizer, entree and dessert.  One of the top rated restaurants in the area, K Restaurant, was participating in this promotion.  We decided to venture over to College Park to check it out, and are we glad we did! Upon arriving, we were warmly greeted  and welcomed into this converted house.  The interior is quaint and relatively simple.  The tables were a bit too close for privacy, but that didn't detract from our overall experience.  We reviewed the entire menu and what we liked ended up being featured on the pre-fixe menu, so we lucked out.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the featured wines and allowed us to taste a few before deciding.   For appetizers, we shared the lobster-corn bisque soup, which was absolutely superb, and a wedge salad.  The bread was very good, but the honey butter was probably the best I've ever had - addicting! For our main courses, we ordered the fillet, served over mashed potatoes with a Cabernet sauce, and the featured fish, served over corn salsa that nearly changed my life. For the grand finale, we shared the chocolate brownies over ice cream covered in wild berry sauce and the bread pudding.  While the brownie dessert was excellent, the bread pudding was as decadent and enticing as it gets.  I don't even like bread pudding, but this piece of sweet, savory, gooey goodness made me a believer! Whether you're a local or a tourist, K Restaurant is worth the drive from the typical tourist areas.  You won't be disappointed.   Pricing: with the $30 deal and our two glasses of wine, the total before tip was $88.  Without the special promotion, I'd plan to spend about $50-60 per person.
Truly amazing food with an emphasis on being fresh and local! Service and food are almost always outstanding. The one time I had a subpar experience was late night on a Saturday... I suggest going earlier in the evening, or perhaps on a weekday, for the best food and service. The duck is always delicious. My favorite iteration was served with orange marmalade and fried duck fat potatoes. One other suggestion: PLEASE BRING BACK THE FRESH WATERMELON MINT SODA! :)
Finally tried K in the new house setting.  Loved it! Was concerned about the noise per other Yelp reviews, so went on a Monday.... restaurant was 2/3 full, and the animated buzz was perfect. Also, the house is charming!  Like a country inn with a city vibe, separated into little rooms. Tables are dressed in white cloths. Romantic. Per yelp, some tables are too close together for intimate dining, city bistro style, but there are lots of other choices. Just ask....Our two-top was in a corner by a window, perfect for quiet conversation. We happened to order the Orlando Magic Dining menu, which I now highly recommend if you want to try the signature dish, a filet in cabernet sauce (or fish). What a wonderful meal. We let the server choose the other courses... and the wine. The cab he selected was perfect. Oh, let me elaborate on that.  In previous visits to the old location, the staff shone as unusually well- educated on the restaurant's food and wine choices and happy to share if you ask. In fact,  owner takes the staff on trips every so often, Napa, Italy, etc.  Our server was equally well-informed and interesting.   At K, the sauces are amazing, including those on the desserts.  I remember my fellow diners commenting on this on every visit and it remains a delicious feature of the restaurant. Can't wait to go back. A breath of fresh air!
$5 Burger and salad on Wednesday's for lunch...One of the best burgers I have a had in a long time, the salad was very good as well...one odd thing was they do not have fries..at all..but the burger was amazing and very nice ambience...
This is hands down my favorite restaurant. The atmosphere is cozy, warm, and romantic. However, this is my go-to place to take anyone visiting from out of town and to impress. The food is other worldly. My favorite dish is the duck breast prepared with risotto and braised red cabbage. It pairs wonderful with a pinot. Duck is not something I would normally order, but this is the exception. I've had the filet, pasta dishes, and the salmon and mahi-mahi. All stand out. I HIGHLY recommend a visit or two or three to K in your lifetime. You will surely fall head over heels.
Initially, while setting up birthday dinner plans for our friend she had asked to go to SENSO, when we finally were able to reach someone we were told their kitchen was closed. Thankfully, someone else had recommended K - wow, what a great experience. Initially in the Nona Italian restaurant location, the Chef merged the original K and Nona concept to this location, which is nestled in what appears to be a little house in the College Park area. The restaurant has a nice outdoor dining area and a warm interior. The host was friendly and prompt to get our table ready, the servers were full of personality without being intrusive. Now, lets get to the best part! It was hard to choose from their great list of appetizers, but I went for the Fried Green Tomatoes, the ladies had the oysters. WOW! I really wanted seconds.. the cornmeal encrusted tomatoes were very well seasoned, the lump crab salad that was layered w/ the tomatoes was extremely comforting. Truly a southern treat with a twist! The ladies both ordered the prefix menu, which consisted of an incredibly light but delicious tomato and mozzarella salad, a very tender flavorful pork on a bed of a palenta & for dessert a slice pecan pie with a scoop of ice cream. I had the Nona Caesar salad, better than most places not over done in the dressing. The Eggplant Parmesan, which I had to say was so very fragrant and filing, very rustic and had a very traditional homemade taste, topped of course with fresh basil from their own garden! (I skipped desert) - The chef made his way around the restaurant greeting the regulars; Chef Kevin was as warm as the atmosphere of his restaurant. I can't believe I hadn't been here before but I do plan on returning!
This is my favorite restaurant in Orlando.  Dinner for my birthday in November was wonderful, even if the haunted aspect of the house interrupted my meal. Service was wonderful and customized to our event, food was delicious just on the menu and really jumped of the plate when it arrived for real.  The follow up visit was in April of this year and while we did not have a traditional meal, the food was wonderful.  I'm looking forward to going back in a couple of weeks with family.
We decided to try this place because of the great reviews. The restaurant is charming and the service was great. The food taste likes it is made from scratch. However, we could not enjoy our food selections because most them were way too salty. I noticed that other reviewers have said the same thing. I would love to return because everything else was great. I understand the great reviews for the restaurant itself. However, I don't understand the high ratings for the food.
Food was tasty and fresh! will try again before I pass judgement.
Never been disappointed at K. Just wish they had sweet iced tea instead of only unsweetened.
Ate here with some family, not being from the area I wasn't too sure where to go and this is where they suggested.  Wow was I lucky they picked this place.  The food was stunning and I can't get over how good it was.  I started off with the Creole BBQ Shrimp that was served on a bed of Logan Turnpike cheesy grits that were out of this world.  The BBQ sauce that was used was incredible as well.  For dinner I had the BBQ Pork Loin, again serviced with the grits and sauce.  I can't get over how good it was.  Going back here for sure when in town next.
This was the best restaurant we ate at in Orlando, and that includes Emeril's Tchoup Tchoup and Columbia. The fried green tomato appetizer is excellent-the crab salad is not too rich and is balanced well by the tomato. BBQ calamari also good. Venison done 3 ways was delicious and not at all gamey. Menu changes daily and was significantly different on the 2 visits we made a week apart. Had the same waiter, Adam, both times and he never steered us wrong. The s'more we had the second visit was wonderful-one friend nearly missed out as she was distracted and the rest of us could not stop eating it.
Kevin and Dan rock!  LOVE this restaurant and everyone that works there.  Great food, atmosphere, etc.  Best place in town.
I really love this place!  The food is amazing and the management is SO nice!  I've been here once for dinner and another time just for the wine.  The manager and his wife sat outside and talked to my friend and me for over an hour.  The ambiance inside is lovely, really cannot say enough about this place!
Great food and atmosphere. The Frutti di Mare appetizer was delicious and so fresh. A wonderful place for a special occasion. I also tried the maple bacon ice cream, it was amazing.
Superb dining experience. Service was a 10 and food was local and fresh. We all thoroughly enjoyed our meal. Signature appetizer is the fried green tomatoes with crabmeat and it was very good; however, the mussels in a spicy red sauce and the steak tar tar were also winners. Very cozy atmosphere - so nice to be in a none chain restaurant in this part of Florida! Local fish entree (caught that morning) was swett and delicious and the steaks were excellent. Do not miss the French toast bread pudding for dessert  - perfect ending to a perfect meal.  Also, the house red ( a great blend at $12 a glass) was very good too.
$5 burgers on Wednesdays for lunch is the best deal in town! Don't tell too many people though because it's too packed already. ;)
Wow everything was well prepared. Deviled eggs had a great dijon kick. The BBQ calamari was quite tasty with a smokey sweet sauce. The duck was quite remarkable with the red cabbage pairing. Filet minion was cooked perfectly potato au gratin was "frekin amazing" says wife. Topped off with a very nice pecan pie. Life is good!  Nice atmosphere in an old house on edgewater drive.
My friends and I made a reservation for 9:00 at 9:45 we left having not been seated. The staff ignored us so needless to say I won't be back.
Great Food.  I had the swordfish with gnocchi.  Good service.
AWESOME food!  Probably my new favorite restaurant!  Can't beat $20 Filet on Thursday nights!  Delish!
For years now, K has been my standby wen people ask me for a great locally owned, chef run restaurant. Hard to find a better meal than here. If you appreciate a boutique restaurant with a clear passion for food  - try K. You can taste the love they put into their dishes. A really nice spot for a long dinner with friends and lots of wine! I have had many nights like that there.... Also a romantic spot to take someone special with out the stuffy pretense....
I'd eat here everyday. The mac and cheese is amazing, the deviled eggs can't be beat...wonderful staff, under priced for the quality of food...you can't beat it. Its as good as Ravenous Pig without the crunch on the wallet!
This place is great! Had a fun adult night out w the hubby and we had a great time! Sat at the bar top and Mike took great care of us! Beer was amazing food was better! Be back soon!
Service was very, very slow and we waited for a table for almost 40 minutes, even though we had a reservation. Tables are VERY close together and you can hear entire conversations from tables next to you. Filet was amazing as were the green tomatoes. While wait staff is slow, they are very, very nice. Wine was superb as well. Rumor has it they made a terribly offensive joke on their facebook page. Will send the link of the screenshot when I find it as its since been deleted
I really like this place.  Yes, inside it does feel a bit "cramped" but I prefer to dine outside on the patio when its nice out.  Sometimes I will meet up with friends and we all bring our pooches and dine outside.  Great place to enjoy a glass of wine and great gourmet food.   I really love their salads (try the Cobb with crab meat or the blackened chicken with avocado) and everything is fresh and prepared to delight your tastebuds!  Kevin is awesome and usually comes around to check on the patrons.  They have quite a few unique beers on tap too.  They offer new menu selections all the time, so go check them out and try something new!
Fantastic.
As usual, the food was amazing, the wine divine, and the service was superb. Only issue was a shard of plastic found in my friends dessert which could have been a real problem if swallowed. The waiter comped our wine and we were happy campers! Love K! Gina D.
I was given a $100 gift card for K.  I had read reviews and talked to co-workers who gave their opinions.  I called early in the week to make a reservation for a Saturday night and was told that only outside was available.  That was fine with me as it turned out to be a beautiful night to sit outside and watch the sites.  There were two of us and we decided to split everything instead of getting two meals.  Started it off with a wine (decent) following by the fried green tomatoes which were pretty wonderful.  We then chose the roasted beet salad with goat cheese, etc and it was also very good (just wished there had been more of it).  We decided on the filet over gratin potatoes--how I wish there were more of those potatoes.  The filet was good but I tend to compare all filets to Linda's LaCantina and I think LInda's wins again but K's was pretty good.  We ended our meal with creme brulee which was a decent size and quite delicious.  My only problem with this restaurant is that upon presenting my gift certificate, I was not allowed to put the gratuity on this certificate but got returned the original gift certificate with the original amount crossed out and $23.42 written as the balance.  Many establishments will just give you the $$ change which would have allowed the server to receive a very nice tip.  With food as good as it was and great service, this was the one thing that needs to be changed.
Great staff, delicious food, classy atmosphere
I had been looking forward to going here for quite a while, and it did not disappoint. The interior space was a bit small, but it probably didn't help that the place was absolutely packed. There was a nice deck outside, but it is the dead of summer right now and sitting outside is just not comfortable. It was very loud inside, and that was about my only complaint of the night as the food and service were superb. We got an assortment of cheese to start and they were all wonderful. My wife had a salmon dish that was really delicious, and I am not even a fan of that particular fish. I had a duck with risotto. Now, I have had duck probably about 4 times prior to this, all in nice restaurants in various cities...most times good but never what I would consider fantastic. This is the duck I have been waiting for. Amazing! It was one of those meals where each bite you savor just how delicious it is. The risotto was also perfectly done. Apparently some people have had some average experiences here judging by the reviews, but this food was definitely up to par with the best chef-owned restaurants I have been to in much more established food cities. It was top notch, and we will definitely be going back.
I found K Restaurant via opentable.com - I was looking for a restaurant that could accomodate a party of 5 this past Saturday knowing that it would be difficult the Saturday before Valentine's Day.  Restaurant K had availability for a party of 5 so I booked it. We showed up at the time we made the reservation for and were greeted by the host. I told him my name and our reservation. I was told we would be seated "As soon as possible" and to have a seat at the bar. all 5 of us order wine at a minimum of $10 a glass and wait...and wait...20 minutes after our reservation time I was told that "we have a table earmarked for you" - Earmarked? What about the reservation I made hours ago?!?!? So we waited and waited. After an hour of waiting and not even being offered a free dessert or bottle of wine since we had a reservation that was obviously lost, we walked out. I would have said something to the host but he was nowhere to be found. Absolutely AWFUL service. I can't comment on the food because we were ignored and never got to sit down. Basically it cost our party about $60 to drink over priced wine be treated like garbage. Avoid this place.
One of my favorites in Orlando. We make it a point to come back. The chef is inventive. The wait staff friendly and efficient.  I love the fried green tomatoes with crab.  I always get it.  Fish is always on the menu and always get that choice.  Wine only, no liquor.  If you go in the evening, park in the Post Office lot across the street.
a must if you are in the orlando area great food awesome service reasonable prices for the quality of food they have there own garden in the back fresh as it gets
Flawless night at K.... This was the place to be Friday night. I am so glad monthly Friday Night Flights has started again. $20 for tastes of 6 different wines (generous pours), fabulous cheese, fruit and the best olives I've ever tasted. They had the grill going with a great variety of skewered protein  and vegetables for only $5- the aroma alone made my mouth water. Between the wine tasting and Magical Dining, the restaurant was slammed. We decided to stay for dinner and the extremely attentive host/ manager informed us that they were fully booked but encouraged us to stay and drink wine -he was eventually able to seat us and we had a wonderful time. Compliments to Chef Kevin for beautiful presentation and delicious ma-hi, fillet and lobster beignets. Even though our waiter was very busy he made us feel special and provided excellent service. They cherry on top was the very entertaining "Rocky" ending our night with show tunes.  Great food, great vibe, will definitely return next month.
Loved this Place!   Went there 2x and was not dissappointed!!  When you come into K's it appears as if you're going to your friends house to have this wonderful Fresh home cooked meal.  K's is located in Edgwater College Park area.  This place is literally a home converted into this very sophisticated restaurant.  I love the look and feel of this place.  Waiters are eager to serve you, my visit there has always been great!   I start off with a nice glass of wine, then off to my appetizers.  My favorite, the Stack salad... Amazing fresh tomato, whipped goat cheese with some greens and the awesome dressing (enough for 2 to share).  I've ordered their duck and in my last visit had the Salmon and rice.  Delicious!   My brother had the maccaroni and cheese cassarole with fennel seed sausage.  The service was great and very attentive. If you love to have bread on the table you have to make sure to ask waiter to bring freshly baked bread it's not offered unless you ask first.  I highly recommend this place, you can dress down or dress up either way you will end up being satisfied with the great fresh food and service!
Excellent food service and atmosphere. I am Vegan and the made a fabulous Veggie Plate for me. I'll be back
visited this place once for dinner while they were still located in college park. OMG!! this place is amazing! the meal was an absolute delight! everything was cooked to perfection and the flavors and combinations were phenomenal!
Chose due to affiliation with Slow Food USA movement promoting local, susatinable, fairly traded food. Excellent food and service. Cozy elegant atmosphere:  music, art, drapes. Filet  cooked perfectly and potato gratin excellent. Eggplant parma with fresh mozzarella best I've ever had. Coconut bread pudding fabulous. Decaf and salad not on par.  Would definitely eat there again!
This is the restaurant where my husband first said he was going to marry me. We just went to K for our first anniversary dinner and I believe it was the best dinner I have ever had there. I've been to K about 5 or 6 times, but something about this time made it really wonderful. We both started out with Orlando Brewery's Pale Ale and shared the BBQ Calamari (soo tasty!) then for our entrees, my husband had the duck and I had the pork. We shared our meals between us so we can both try everything out - and I must say his duck was delicious but my pork with watermelon salad and cheesy grits was amazing. For dessert we (but I should just say "I" cause he did not have any of it!) got the creme brulee. Now, this is by far the BEST creme brulee I have ever had in my life. I highly suggest you try it. This was also our first time at the NEW K restaurant location and it was so cozy. The staff was amazing and were always on top of our drinks, waters, plates, etc. Just the best experience to have for our first anniversary dinner. I cannot wait to go back, Kevin truly has a wonderful restaurant in College Park.
A few weeks ago while on a Disney vacation, my girlfriend and I visited this restaurant based on some yelp reviews. We wanted to get away from the swarm of Disney people and chain restaurants. From the second we walked in, the experience was delightful. The manager Stephen could tell we were crowd weary and offered to seat us in the back room all by our lonesome. This was much appreciated. Stephen was also very helpful with food and wine selections. We love our wine, but sadly we are not very savvy when it comes to selecting our own. The rosé he chose for us was delectable and relatively cheap at $40. We had the deviled eggs and fried green tomatoes as appetizers, and both were very good. In fact, the fried green tomatoes may have been the highlight of the whole dinner. For entrees we had the Duck and the snapper. When it comes to duck, I am very picky. If it is not exceptional, I don't like it. Stephen assured me that if there was one item on the menu i should try, that it should be the duck. And in short, the duck was in fact exceptional! The snapper was VERY good as well. If I had to order again, I'd have a hard time picking between the two. It's a good thing my girlfriend and I enjoy sharing... We finished the dinner off with a pumpkin cheesecake, which was amazingly rich and delicious. I cannot recommend K restaurant strongly enough. It was a great dining experience and we will surely stop back in if we ever make it back to the Orlando area.
Wednesdays are $5 burger days for lunch. Add cheese and bacon for just $1/each.  Incredible flavor!
Great food. Servers were a bit under the bar. Over all good experience.
I have been a big fan of K for a long time but last night's experience was disappointing.  The waiter was dismissive, the portions were small, the potatoes on my plate were served raw (or rare) and the food was definitely not worth the price.  I will not be back.   It used to be a great restaurant.
Foos and service is good.
Had the pleasure of going to the quaint K Wine Bar in downtown College Park.  I was referred by a colleague who said that everything was excellent, so I took her word for it.  Boy, was she right!  We started off with the Val Vitis Merlot from France.  Most wines are available by 3 or 6 oz pours which was just right for me because I am a big lightweight.    We started off with the spinach and tomato salad with warm bacon balsamic dressing---fantastic.  The salad was a little underdressed so I requested more...plus it was just delicious.  We also had an order of the house fries---seasoned with sea salt, cracked black pepper, and parsley.  It came with a delicious garlic aioli sauce.   We split the porcini crusted filet---cooked to a perfect medium.  It was accompanied with a truffle au gratin---which wasn't that flavorful, but the cabernet sauce was superb. We also tried steak tartar and beef carpacio with crustini.  Crem brulee for dessert is always a must for me.... and they definitely delivered.  At times service was a bit slow, but the server informed me he was the only one on that evening... poor guy.  I highly recommend this place for foodies who enjoy french cuisine with an american ambiance.
Wonderful, just like it was two years prior at the old location.     Gonna make this short and sweet, the K Filet is worth travel from any location, just for that.  One of the top steaks i've had anywhere, anyplace, anytime :-).    Actually everything is good, fried green tomatoes, chicken livers, and the bread pudding.   Can't wait to get back to Orlando to do it all over again
Just went here this afternoon for a work lunch meeting. Holy Crap! I had never heard of this gem! So, everything, they tell me, is local and fresh. Thus, the menu changes daily. My friend who invited me here said it is usually slammed, so it's best to make a reservation. Everyone kept mentioning the $5 burger (apparently only on Wednesday). It wasn't on the menu, so I was confused. However, it's legit. I added bacon and cheddar and OMG it was ridiculously good. Sure, it's more than $5 when you add toppings. But who cares? So, it was $8? Well worth a burger that could easily fetch $12-$15 at most high-end restaurants in big cities. The chips were, chips. Nothing great in my opinion. The layout was nice. It was a rainy day, but we sat in the area with lots of windows, so it was nice to see the rain while we eat. I'm really excited to go to a fancy dinner here sometime. I heard they may have options for my picky vegan wife too! woot!
I went here last night to celebrate a friend's birthday.  They have a small room for larger parties which makes it intimate. I ordered the bone marrow w beef tar tar and chocolate moose for dessert.  It was a late dinner and I had eaten already so I didn't want to order anything heavy.  I like to explore different foods so that's why I ordered the bone marrow. I wasn't sure what to expect but it's Definitely an acquired taste. It grew on me and I would order it again.  The chocolate dessert was AMAZING!  Bone marrow and chocolate... What a combo! Lol. I tried my friend's Mac and cheese which was yummy. Everyone loved what they ordered including the Mahi, eggplant parm, and pecan pie.  No complaints from my group. Atmosphere: casual, comfy, unpretentious Food: rich, unique flavors, yummy in my tummy, save room for dessert Menu: good selection, also I believe they change things up every so often Price: fair Service: a miss this time I would highly recommend k restaurant and will return.
Our first experience, and it was wonderful. A special treat in a wonderful part of Manhattan. A great place to eat when attending events at FL Center
Okay, so I've heard about K for a long time, but had never had the chance to go. Yay for Magical Dining Month, because that was the perfect excuse for a fancy shmancy dinner! The atmosphere was really great, like being at someone's (super nice) house for dinner. Our server, Gary, gave us AMAZING service. Honestly, I think that was the best I've ever been treated at a restaurant. Not only was he very knowledgable about the food, giving us suggestions that were spot on, but he was also really helpful with wine pairings. He brought out a couple of samples to taste with dinner, which we instantly ordered after trying. They were perfect! Now to the food. Oh em gee. The spicy tomato gazpacho was insanely good. No joke, it totally hit the spot on flavor. Then came the best decision I've made in a long time: the pork tenderloin with fruit sauce (fig?) and an onion purée. Most delicious entree I've had in a long time. Maybe best I've ever had. I know it sounds like I'm exaggerating, but this meal really was that delicious. Hands down my new favorite date night/ special occasion spot. I'll definitely be back for the great food, and wonderful service.
This place is fantastic. Great service, great food! It's a small place so it can get a bit noisy, but still able to have a conversation. We ate inside, which is cozy, and comfortable. It's fine dining with a more relaxed atmosphere. I had the elk loin with risotto. My first time trying elk and it was amazing. Gamey but not overly, cooled perfectly. The risotto was delicious and cooked just right, soft but with a little bit of bite. My gf had the pork loin which was also fantastic. Had the bone marrow as an app, and it was very tasty, but at $15 was a bit over priced in my opinion. Overall a great experience and will definitely be going again. Highly recommend!
Really terrific experience - everything is interesting and delicious Best Of Orlando.
Thanks for the recommendation, fellow Yelpers.  My wife and I, visited the K, yesterday.  There was a private party occupying the restaurant, so we took advantage of the nice weather and sat outside.  I had the fried green tomato's and my wife had one of the salads.  Our main course was the duck breast and fish of the day.  Both dishes were well presented and tasted great.  Service was perfectly timed and each of the servers were friendly and attentive.  I highly recommend the K.
Oh, wow.  Saw recommendations and drove over an hour to try this place.  Everything was just amazing.  I forget what kind of salad we had, but it was awesome.  Pork belly biscuits fall apart in your hands and your mouth.  Best mahi I ever tasted.  Clam pasta was just awesome and the spicy sauce was incredible.  Our new favorite restaurant!
Everything was amazing. And our server Gary was great. We had the shrimp as am appetizer and Gary brought out bread to dunk... Omg. Also the green tomatoes were delish. I had the gnocchi to die for. And my friend's  food was great as well. Dessert the peach cobbler was to die for. And my friends bread pudding and cheesecake with a sip of port. Perfect convo!!! Could go there every day. I've had theyre tomato soup in the past and it was awesome!!
This place is a hidden gem just outside of downtown Orlando. In the town of chain restaurants K stands out as a must try. I came with a party of 4 so i got to try a lot of different options. For starters we had the Fried Green Tomato, Ceviche, Deviled Eggs, and Oysters. The highlight of this group for me was the Tomato. Panko crusted with a nice crab and corn mixture on top, the perfect balance of warm and crunchy followed by cool and creamy. For the main course I had the pork chop.  Now this is a pork chop. Bone in and more than an inch thick and cooked to perfection. I also got to try the lobster Mac and homemade gnocchi which where also very good, although both on the rich side. My only knock on this place is that it is beer and wine only and no liquor.
I went on a recommendation of a friend soooo glad I did.  It was a rainy night so opted to sit inside.  The place has a warm homie feeling might be because it is in a home. Service was top notch the server suggested we go for one app that we didn't need another one, points for being honest and not forcing apps on us. We went for two fish dishes excellently prepared. A great experience altogether. I did not know this but you can bring your own wine, I'm sure there is a corking fee as the table next to us brought in a couple bottles with them and they were more than happy to accommodate. They have a small garden in the back, I could see part of it as I left, where they get fresh ingredients.
Amazing! Service was stellar (thanks Bethany!). Fried green tomatoes were perfectly cooked and the crab was plentiful with just the right amount of fresh corn. Presentation was only surpassed by the flavor and fresh ingredients. Great for sharing. Chicken liver mousse served with lightly charred bread. Omg. Just the perfect amount of apples to compliment the perfectly prepared creamy mousse served in a small mason jar and great to share. A little more of the grilled bread and this dish is my all time favorite chicken liver presentation. Wine knowledge here was refreshing. Seems like the sommelier actually visits the vineyards and gets a heads up on some reasonably priced and very drinkable wines. I don't usually take the time to review, but this place after a disappointing evening on Park Ave was a breath of fresh air and you could feel the culinary love. Waitstaff is obviously treated respectfully;  menu tastings are offered and encouraged. How else can you expect to get accurate descriptions and heartfelt recommendations. They have a small herb garden behind the kitchen, not that big yet, but lots of potential, and deserving of a mention and visit when you get the opportunity to eat here. Loved this place and will be back again for sure! Hope the fried green tomatoes and chicken livers are resident items on the menu. Great, friendly, knowledgeable warm service...excellent food with character and wine list that offers something for everyone.  I highly recommend.
This may be the best restaurant in the Orlando area.  At the very least it's in the game. You can read all the lengthy reviews but I don't think you can go wrong with any of the menu choices. I'm a bread pudding fan and the bread pudding at K may be the best I've ever had. After eating here I can't understand why people go to the Sand Lake places. This is real food prepared by people who actually care. This is so far removed from all the Darden chain restaurants it's not even worth thinking about.
I went on a date to K Restaurant and was just absolutely swept away. Reservations were an absolute must, as the place was packed, and it was easy to see why. We were seated in the front room, which is tiny (I think only 5-6 tables), and Rocky was our server. He spent the entire evening singing to the room and was truly delightful. He was on point with helping select wine and making recommendations for food. We shared a bottle of a recommended red, that I now cannot remember the name of, but was full bodied and perfect fitting to our tastes. For appetizers, we started off with Steak Tar Tar, followed by the Stack and Arugula salads. For dinner, I ordered the K Filet, and my date ordered Eggplant Parmesan. My filet came out perfect in every way; medium rare, with the outside perfectly seared and expertly seasoned. It was served on a bed of potato gratin, which melted in my mouth. The eggplant was heavenly delicious. For dessert, we split a chocolate lava cake. I definitely recommend coming here for a date night. The rooms are all very small and intimate, though the tables are close together. The service is on point, the food is spectacular, and if you're lucky, Rocky will sing you a song or two.
Absolutely Amazing Words do not do it justice.  It is a dining experience where you get what you pay for, and still do not regret it the next day. You absolutely have to try it if you live in the area!
This place has amazing food! I was able to try a little bit of everything since I went with a big group, but the ceviche was the star of my meal. The atmosphere was great and it was nice how they kept the history of the building's prior business.
What a find on Yelp!!! Starting with the engaging servers that were very helpful with the wine selections and tastings to get us started.   Then on to the fig and smoked blue cheese appetizer and the fried green tomatoes with a crab spread resting on a hot chili oil. Unreal!!!! The Cesar salad is served full stem style and at room temp. What a treat. Most are so cold to stay fresh they are unpleasant. At room temp the leaf is moist and was so fresh the stem is crisp.  The anchovies were a special treat. Then onto the DUCK! I have never had a duck breast prepared with the skin on. What a treat!! The skin was a crispy treat added to the incredible sauce and reduced figs. We also had the in house gnocchi, what a wonderful combination of flavors. Do not miss the pecan pie and bread pudding. Do not mistake the absence of flash both inside and out. The food and staff make this a rare find!!!! It is almost hard to tell who is your actual server. The entire staff is on deck interacting with you to make your dining experience incredible!!!!!
My husband and I ate at K Restaurant for my birthday dinner and we really enjoyed it! My hubby had made a dinner reservation at 7pm but we arrived at about 6:30pm and were seated right away which was great! Our server seemed a bit off at first. He didn't introduce himself and made it seem as  though we were a bit of an inconvenience. As the meal went on, he became friendlier and it made our dining experience more enjoyable. We started out our meal with the stuffed calamari which was different than anything that we have ever had. It was delicious and the spicy sauce that is came in was amazing with the bread that was brought over. For dinner, I got the black drum fish & my hubs got the filet, both of which were amazing. The portions of both meals were perfect. The seasoning on the fish was amazing and I ate every last night. My husband's steak was cooked to perfection and was so tender that he cut the entire thing with a fork. The potatoes that were paired with the steak were delicious as well. For dessert we got the french toast banana pudding. Although small, it was filled with flavor and we thoroughly enjoyed ending our meal with something sweet. Overall, the food was delicious. We were seated right away and despite the initial feeling that our server gave us, the rest of the evening was great. This is certainly somewhere for a special occasion and we raved about it to the friends that we met up with after. I love that they used local farms to cook their meals. Everything was fresh and the chef certainly put a special twist on each entree that was broughto ut!
Sorry folks. Just had lunch at K and did not have the same experience with the food as most folks had: Fried green tomatoes: found them average, yes the crab corn salad is a twist, but does not make it impressive. Oyster PoBoy: it is served on a baguette.  The bread overwhelms the overall flavor and made it a bit more difficult to eat.  I was unable to taste the ouster flavor or tell if these were fresh or canned oysters.  Definitely not the right bread for a PoBoy. Add an ice tea and my lunch total was $33. Frankly, for these prices I would of expected a whole lot more.
Tried K for the first time for my birthday dinner with the fam. We started with the fried green tomatoes, topped with crab much to the approval of my mother the Maryland-native, and the BBQ shrimp & grits, which were amazing. I'm a huge shrimp & grits fan so this was a no-brainer, but my dad who would probably not normally opt for that dish also thought it was fantastic! For dinner I tried the chicken schnitzel and I must say, the portion and the cabbage were better than Hollerbach's (which is still very good!). My sister had the duck breast, which was an unfair comparison from my viewpoint, having just had the duck at Restaurant Iris in Memphis the night before, but was still good. My boyfriend ordered the lobster mac & cheese and they weren't kidding when they warned him it would be heavy! That was quite the dish. Too rich for me, but a couple bites was perfect. Our server was attentive and made great recommendations. Nice location for a date or small birthday celebration.
Excellent! Finally made it out here after wanting to come for about three years. First off, try to make early reservations if you can. Parking really really sucks, so just make early reservations to get a spot. The fiancee stuck with the bite30 menu and I went with the normal menu.   1. Ceviche of Local Florida The popcorn was a neat touch to the dish, but in my opinion the ceviche was too strong on the mango. 2. Florida Peach BBQ Wow... Amazing! The short rib was tender and sweet.   3. Chunk of Love A great end to a great meal... imagine a brownie mashed together with a cookie.... that's what it tasted it... with a nice scoop of ice cream on top. I was torn between the Fried Green Tomatoes and the "Korean" beef tar tare. Our server told me that since the fried green tomatoes are always on the menu, he recommends the beef tar tare.  Great way to coax us into coming back! ha! So I decided to start with the beef tar tare.  While it was good, it didn't blow me away. Basically tasted like beef tar tare mixed with this kim chi base sauce you can find at the Asian grocery store.   I guess I prefer the traditional beef tar tare.  Very nice in presentation. As for my entree I was looking forward to an item I saw on the online menu. I was a bit disappointed when the server told me they didn't have the lobster pasta I saw on the online menu.  They change their menu daily based on what they have that day.  My disappointment was short-lived, because I was really happy with the Canaveral Mahi I ordered instead. The Mahi was perfectly seasoned (not too much) and perfectly cooked (moist and tender).   The Mahi rested on a nice bed of ever so sweet and aromatic corn succotash. For my dessert I got the churro ice cream sandwich.  Yup, you heard me right. The fiancee wanted to trade desserts with me, so I took a few bites and switched! I actually ended up liking hers more than mine.   Overall, a very excellent meal.  The interior is very homey. I think the restaurant used to be someone's house.   Go go go!
After our meal at K Restaurant, we literally jumped in our rental car and drove overnight to Atlanta for my grandmother's funeral.  We'd just had our vacation ruined by this news and were generally feeling pretty miserable.  I don't mention this for pity or anything, but just to say that we probably weren't really focused on dinner.  That said, K Restaurant gave us one of the best meals of my life, and I want them and you to know that. The restaurant is small and intimate, and I felt a little underdressed (I was in shorts and a polo), but the server didn't seem put off by it.  He was in fact excellent, and boy do I wish I could remember his name.  He had lots of suggestions, some of which we took and some of which we didn't.  He was just the right level of visible, and even cautioned us when we ordered too much dessert, rather than trying to get us to spend more than we needed. The food was just as impeccable.  I was excited to get my wife to try fried green tomatoes for the first time, and though they had little in common with grandma's from my childhood, they were excellent.  I had some sort of seafood pasta, which was fantastic.  Loads of fresh seafood and perfectly cooked pasta in a sauce I could drink.  Tanya had the duck, and I don't know if she'll ever be able to eat duck again.  She loved it so, so much.  We usually share our dishes quite a bit, but I only got to try a bite.  Every time anyone even thinks about ordering duck since we were here, she cautions them that it won't be as good as the duck at K Restaurant. We split a gigantic piece of chocolate cake (they have their own dessert chef) which was decadent and much larger than you'd expect a dessert to be at a nice restaurant.  And then we headed up to Georgia. So while this may be a little overly gushy, I cannot recommend this place enough.  We're going to give our Orlando vacation another shot next year, and I don't know what we're planning on doing, but I can guarantee you we will be making another stop in here.  One of the top 5 meals I've ever had.
Amazing farm to table restaurant in College Park. Quaint and intimate with a staff that seems to stay forever. I really love this place! The inside consists of small rooms (it is a converted house). The veranda is amazingly large. The menu is ever changing based on food (freshness) availability. I was disappointed that the infamous chicken livers were not on the menu while I was there.... but was very happy with the curry mussels and the pork terrine. Two very different dishes that were thoroughly pleasing! Of course they serve bread that was perfect for dipping into the leftover curry sauce. I skipped a salad and went for the duck entree. PHENOMENAL!!!! Absolutely cooked to perfection! This dish will bring me back for sure! I was looking forward to the bread pudding for dessert but my waiter insisted the S'more dessert was the crème de la crème! Ok, I went with the S'more: Absolutey worth every bite!   Definitely need to return here soon!
This place is pretty great. I went here for dinner a few months ago with a couple of friends. I ordered the mac&cheese special, which the waiter seemed thrilled with. Apparently the guy LOVES mac&cheese. Who doesn't I guess, right? Well, as soon as I ordered it, he claimed it was the biggest mac&cheese bowl EVER, and there was no way I could finish it. Spoiler alert, it is not the biggest bowl ever, but that doesn't take away from it being very delicious. To top off the laughs, the waiter returned after our meal was over and I had finished my whole bowl, and this guy was BLOWN AWAY! "How did you do that" he said, "That is impossible". "Cause I am a Mac&Cheese BOSS", I replied.
This restaurant is a quaint, small place located off of Edgewater. I'd suggest making a reservation if you are planning to dine on the weekends as it gets busy. My financial planner took me here for dinner on a Thursday evening after raving about how wonderful the food was. He also raved about a server (I can't remember his name) that was wonderful and sometimes sang to his tables. Coincidentally we got seated this particular servers area and I was anxious to see what the hype was about. The waiter seemed friendly but did not remember my dinner guest even though he has been waited on him numerous times in the near past. Regardless, we ordered the ceviche appetizer to start. It was decent. It had more fruit than actual fish. We actually ended up making a comment that we weren't impressed and our waiter took it off our bill no questions asked. Being a pescatarian, there weren't too many options to choice from. I ordered a Caesar salad and added salmon. It was a good salad with fresh greens, but it was nothing out of the ordinary. My date ordered a dish with eggplant that was very delicious and we ended up sharing the two dishes since I wasn't as thrilled with mine. We did get a dessert of key lime pie which was very light and the perfect amount of sweet. All in all, the dinner was a good experience. I may have come on an off night since the singing waiter was not singing and the ceviche was not as fishy, but I would go back if I had a coupon or another promotions
Their Mac & Cheese was a hit. Plenty to share among four eaters. Pasta was good texture and the cheeses used were a delightful blend of YUMMMMMM, and the sausage,well gimme more!! Crusty parmesan topping  was the proverbial icing on the top. Okay, can't dupe that at home! The beet and orange salad was less than hoped. Oranges lacked flavor,  yet the beets were good and the goat cheese was a bit lean in flavor. Okay- and probably could improve on that experience at home. Tho my $38 steak was cooked perfect, it didn't thrill me as much as my first experience. Seemed the cabernet sauvignon sauce (to my taste) seemed over done to the point of near to too much intensity. If there is truffle in this dish, it was lost to me this go round. The potato gratin "cake slice" underneath was cheesy and  tasty. Okay, can't dupe that at home, and no serious regrets either. The French Toast Bread Pudding with Maple ice cream was okay, but sure expected more "special dish excitement"  from what we got. Once was enough for me. Okay- have done better at home.
I can't believe I waited so long to go in here. I have owned a restaurant for the past 5 years right down the road and have heard great things about K and finally stopped in. We will def be back. Very cool place. Our server Bethany was very knowledgable. She suggested winner after winner. Started with fig app and arincinni. Both to die for. Roasted peaches were top notch. For entrées we had roasted Duck and lobster Mac & cheese. Out of this world! We will be back
Very cozy kind of place. Interesting menu, but for the price we paid, it didn't seem all that worthwhile. I had the bone marrow appetizer and lobster pasta. Bone portion was rather small as expected, but still underwhelming. The pasta also was not bad, but I didn't think it was anything out of the ordinary. Service was also kind of underwhelming. Staff was friendly enough but just seemed eager to go talk to the table behind me rather than check up on us. Maybe people built my expectations of the restaurant up a bit much, or maybe it was just a bad night but overall, the dinner was just ok. There was nothing bad about it at all, I just think I've had better experiences for this price range.
It's hard for me to not use the F word to describe how incredible the meal I just had from here. I am super pissed at myself for having this bookmarked for so long and never having experienced the culinary taste explosion until now. Long story short: boyfriend picks surprise date night restaurant. Enter K. Amazing service, great wine, locally sourced ingredients, romantic atmosphere and the food. Good god, the food. We started with the fried green tomatoes.. Topped with crab. You can't go wrong. Greek salad to follow- not what you're thinking though.. No lettuce, instead: gorgeous Waterkist farms orange heirloom tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, feta all dressed in a wonderfully light Greek vinaigrette. Clean, light, perfect. We split 2 entrees: the Tilefish (that our server informed us was caught THAT day.. Arrived at the restaurant around 3:30). SO good. ...and then the filet. Wow. Ok, so I'm no stranger to top notch steaks: this being one of the best. Cooked to a perfect medium rare, with a Demi glacé that I wanted to bathe in. Rested on top of the most perfect potatoes au gratin. I seriously fell in love with this dish.   Oh and did I mention the prices were WAY reasonable? I can't wait to go back. Like tomorrow hopefully.
Wow! Just eat here. You will know why the rating is so consistently high. Food is spectacular! Goat cheese salad, fried green tomatoes, French toast bread pudding: every dish fresh, tasty, distinctive, memorable. I am truly sorry to be concluding my meal:-( Warm greeting from the nice hostess; Stephen is an excellent waiter: excellent guidance and attentive service plus time to let me read/process/enjoy sitting outside. Love this area of Orlando; Edgewater is so lovely and this restaurant is distinctively excellent!
It had been a while since we ate here but this particular visit was an amazing food and wine experience. We went with a group from my wifes work and had about 15 people in our party. The server we had was very impressive. He was super confident in his ability  to advise our group on menu and wine choices without being arrogant. He was very knowledgeable about the entire menu and really helped to steer folks to some great selections and pairings. The appetizers were all very good: The fried green tomatoes were great, fried in  a very light batter and cut into small pieces with the crab and corn salad with grain mustard dressing on top in perfect proportion. The mussels were delicious in a wonderful tart vinaigrette with fennel and broth from the mussels, perfect for dipping some frites or crusty bread in. Chicken livers sauteed with onion were excellent as well. The entrees were spectacular as well: my pappardelle pasta with rabbit was amazing, just the right consistency of a rich broth and small pieces of carrot and celery were a perfect compliment to the dish. My wife had the ricotta gnocchi with pork ragu, broccoli rabe and parmesan and it was absolutely heavenly, the ricotta gnocchi was so light and the tomato sauce was so fresh and bright, yumm-o-rific! We also go to sample a few other dishes including the salmon and duck (breast and leg quarter) and all were prepared perfectly. With the help of our excellent server we chose a couple bottles of wine including a sumptuous bordeaux style red blend from Washington, Desert Wind Ruah and a nice Cote de Rhone. Also, the port we had with desert was a spectacular pairing with the bread pudding which was faboo as well. We will be going back soon, this place has regained a place at, or near, the top of our list of places for a great meal here in town.
Food was outstanding.  Main course of Elk was superbly prepared.  Recommendations from our server named Russell were as good as I have ever experienced.
Love this place! We were here from out of town and were looking for something different and special to eat - this place definitely was the right spot! We had the fried green tomato (just lightly fried!), stack salad, lobster Mac n cheese and the gnocchi ....everything was SO good! No complaints at all. They emphasize using fresh ingredients and even have a vegetable garden in the back - how awesome!  Oh and our waitress mentioned that a lot of people don't know but you can order any of the entrees 1/2 size for 1/2 of the price...perfect for us since we seriously wanted to try everything. Service was great too, can't complain! For dessert we ordered a buckeye chocolate cake with peanut butter ...to die for!!!! Wish we had this place back home!!
I am floored that there is a little neighborhood gem like this in the midst of all of Orlando's busy animation.  We arrived 30 minutes late to our reservation on a Friday evening, and although they were booked, they found a table for us on their front patio right away, encouraging us to enjoy our bottle of wine and not to worry.  The staff was not only knowledgeable about the menu, they were excited and passionate about it.  It's one of the only farm-to-table restaurants around, and they change the menu often to reflect the season.   MUST have the mussels.  I would have bathed in the broth; a little curry heat, delicate, light and rich at the same time.  Fantastic; you won't be disappointed.   Atmosphere was laid back and lovely.  Art was present.  Enjoy!
Went here for the July 3 " burger & beer" night and this was one of the best burgers I've had. Gary, our waiter, was awesome!  The staff is always nice and attentive!!  Appetizers and dessert added to the night. Throw in dinner with the best of friends.  Perfect night!!
The staff and food are amazing! This is a great place if you love wonderful food,  great service and a pleasant atmosphere. Can't sa yen ought good things about it. Not cheap but worth the money!
Food was melt in your mouth good. My husband had the K filet and I had the Florida grouper. Both dishes were excellent. Service was on point. Perfect place for a special dinner. It's our new favorite!
The pride of Orlando The diamond from central Florida Best meal I had this year!!!!!!!! So I was trapped in international Drive hell for a conference, with chains galore from Chili's to Taverna Opa to whatever the hell Ming Ya is... I took a chance when I read the reviews for K restaurant and decided to take the $100 taxi (round trip) to K. I was a little bitchy when I talked to the hostess saying "you had better be worth it" And guess what? It so fucking was.... First off let me give a shout out to Rocky, he was one cool motherfucker, from New York, which I could appreciate because my girlfriend and I were visiting from Brooklyn, and I needed a respite from all this generic southern hospitality (born and raised in Georgia, though so I'm not hating) Not to say he was rude, he was just awesome, razor sharp wit, worked the room like a hustler, and if you get so lucky to have him, your experience will be good even if the chef is hung over or high as a kite But the meal was as good or better (sorry Rocky), we started with the fried green tomatoes, All i can say is YES!!!!!!!!!!! So good, captured the texture perfectly, weren't mushy, and the crab corn salad in between was divine, and such dedication to presentation must not be missed as is served in a tower of loveliness Unfortunately they took our next appetizer off the menu which was steak tar tar on top of bone marrow, I think I had a "little happy moment" with each bite, I don't think I've ever eaten steak tar tar in that way, and it was... did I say heaven already? if not it was heaven My lady friend (she got pissed when I called her this) had the ricotta gnocchi... so good.  And I had the bacon wrapped haddock which was excellent. I can't even remember what we had for desert, I remember it being wonderful but by that time the memory of the appetizers and the entrees were so wonderfully entrenched in my brain you could have served a dog turd with sugar on it and I'd probably have liked it Overall what can i say, remember that song by the Proclaimers "I'm gonna be (500 miles)" C'mon you remember it, great for karaoke.   There it is..... Well I would walk 500 miles to eat there again.....
Best meal we had while in Orlando! We ordered the fried green tomatoes for appetizer, duck for entree and french toast bread pudding for dessert.  So delicious! They also have a pretty decent beer and wine list
My dinner here was delightful... and a bit awkward. I ended up dining alone after a last minute change in plans.  This would usually not be too big of a deal, but I would describe K as the quintessential date night restaurant.  The lights are very dim and it has a romantic feel.  So when my dining companion failed to show, I was a bit dismayed.  I think the only other couple in the room (celebrating their anniversary) was as well... At least I would have felt weird if I were sharing my anniversary with a single female diner that was chugging the Annabella Chardonnay in the corner. As for the food, I was disappointed when I got the menu.  I am one who does obsessive research when selecting somewhere to dine.  I comb numerous websites compiling a list, then narrow down that list by examining the menus.  K made it to the final round and won out on the menu test.  My heart was set on the lobster beignets and the BBQ shrimp.  Imagine my disappointment when neither was on the menu!  Instead, I opted for the swordfish with the lobster risotto.  And I was not disappointed.  It was one of the best fish dishes I have ever had.  Simply succulent. To round out the meal, my WORK credit card got declined.  Being stood up and unable to pay for my meal (the first go round), the server must have thought I was quite pathetic, but he handled the whole thing with grace.   Next time I'm in Orlando I think I will return for a redo.
K Restaurant is one of the few farm to table restaurant choices in the Orlando area.  There is a small vegetable/herb garden in back of the restaurant and the other ingredients are sourced locally.  Not only does this mean that the food is FRESH but also that K supports local small farms and businesses.  Our server told us that they do NOT have any walk-in freezers, meaning that their ingredients are fresh.  Hence, the menu changes daily to accommodate the ingredients procured. The stack salad is lovely - thick cut, delicious tomatoes layered with salad greens and fresh goat cheese.  I could taste the flavors of each ingredient, not needing to be covered in seasonings or sauces.  I also tried the home made gnocchi entree.  The gnocchi were tender and the overall flavoring was delicate, although the pancetta did make the dish a little salty.  Perhaps the chef can decrease the quantity of pancetta to balance the flavors a bit (cost savings for K also). Service was great.  I love restaurants where the servers are attentive but not obtrusive, and where your meals are placed in front of you without being "auctioned off".  THAT'S good service. Pricing is a little high - perhaps average of $35 per person.  But a very nice find in the area...I would love to go back!
I went with my frd for the bite30 orlando. Food is good but not amazing. Service is always nice and the environment is cozy n hippie!
K Restaurant is a pub restaurant owned by Chef Kevin Fonzo.  It's located in the College Park area of Orlando.  Chef Fonzo was a finalist for the James Beard Award and has an amazing culinary petigree.  It was our last night in Orlando, and from what i could tell from the Yelp reviews, his restaurant was in the top 3 restaurants in Orlando. My table-mates and I started our meal with a bottle of Vouvray wine.  It was a white wine on the sweet side, lacking the crisp.  It was nice for a warm summer day (95 degrees outside).  Refreshing.  Grade:  B yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… My table mates and I got greedy during the ordering process, so we ordered five appetizers between the three of us: The first dish was burratta with Pork Belly, Arugula, tomato.  The burratta was fresh and creamy, and it complimented the arugula and tomatoes which were served in a citrus kind of sauce.  We asked that the pork belly be served on the side because we had one vegetarian at the table.  The meat was cooked very well, almost to the point of it being tough and difficult to eat.  It was well prepared, but not what I was expecting from pork belly.  Grade:  B- yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… Our second dish was the Fried Green Tomato:  There was three pieces of green tomatoes deep fried and served with roast corn, crab salad, grain mustard sauce.  It was a nice twist to the usual green tomato preparation.  Nice balance of the crab salad and the crunchy veggies in the dish.  Grade:  B yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… Our third dish was the Fried Chicken Livers:  It was red wine sauce, pickled red onion.  One bite of this dish and I thought I had gone to heaven.  This was the best dish of the night - EASILY.  The livers were crispy outside and tender on the inside.  Served in a delicious red wine reduction.  Grade:  A+ yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… Our fourth dish was the Raw Oysters:  Another hit of the night!  Fresh oysters served on a bed of ice and topped with a kind of citrus spicy ponzu sauce.  Sweet flesh with a nice kick of spice.  Grade:  A! yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… Our fifth and final appetizer was the Beef Tartare: The beef was cubed in small pieces and served in a white sauce (sorry, I didn't pay attention to the menu).  It was not my favorite, as I'm used to the classic thinly sliced meats served with citrus.  It was a bit bland and I didn't enjoy the marinade preparation.  Grade:  C yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… For my main dish, I ordered the Braised Ox Tail:  The ox tail was very well prepared.  It was tasty and fell off the bone good.  You could tell the Chef's cooking skills by this dish.  A classic and tasty dish!  Grade:  B+ yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… For my dessert, I ordered the Creme Brulee.  Delicious!  the custard part was super creamy and it had a rich flavor.  The texture was smooth as silk.  What I liked the best about this dish was that it was served with a thick and well-torched topping of sugar.  You had to work hard to break through the top.  Served with blackberry and mint.  Grade:  A- yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… I tasted my table-mate's bread pudding and it was outstanding!  I should have ordered it!  Grade:  A! yelp.com/biz_photos/k-re… Kudos go out to the server, Rocky.  He was friendly, funny, and ointed us in some good directions while ordering and eating our food.  We enjoyed his jokes and singing of Broadway tunes. Food Grade:  B+ Service Grade:  B+ Worth the Money Grade:  B+ Overall Impression Grade:  B+
Can't remember having a meal like this in quite some time. Everything from a food stand point was absolutely perfectly executed. The cheese, local charcuterie, fabulous beer on tap, the list goes on. I always tell myself to try something other than "the local favorites," but not being from the area, we decided to try some, and were glad we did. The fried green tomatoes with crab salad, was worthy of applause, but we refrained due to the tight quarters (not that we think anyone really would have cared). I mean this plate couldn't have been up more than 30 seconds before it was on our table, steaming hot and perfectly corn-meal-crisp. All other fried green tomatoes are inferior. Period. The homemade pasta and meatballs were phenomenal as well. Again, served super hot and seasoned perfectly. The crispy rapini was a great addition for texture which was needed. The meatballs consisted primarily of an italian sausage blend to me with a nice earthiness added, either fennel, star anise, or celery seed. wonderful none-the-less. The filet dish was sexy. Cooked perfectly and cut like cold butter. It sat atop an amazing potatoes gratin, firm enough to support the dish texturally and also fatty enough to add richness to the meat and the Cab sauce. It was a very well composed dish. The only very minor downside was our server. He seemed a little stressed, (the place was packed on a Tuesday night) understandably. Because of this the ordering process felt a little rushed and tense, but nothing pushy, and he was 100% accurate and attentive. The bread pudding was unbelievable, and I don't even like dessert. Side notes: No liquor Corkage fee $15 3 course prix-fixe menu $33 currently (amazing deal) Reservations recommended
Great food and great service. I'll be back to try some other stuff another day!
Great restaurant with thoughtfully prepared dishes. Always interesting to see what dishes they have on the menu.
We are here at least once a week maybe two times sometimes. This restaurant is the best little gem in downtown/college park area. The variety of local sourced items on the menu are perfect. There is never a dish that disappoints. The atmosphere in and out are both excellent, we actually bring our 2 year old up a lot and sit out on the porch and have dinner outside. The servers are all super friendly and very attentive. I can't say enough about the food, staff and service. K is hands down the BEST restaurant in downtown. If you don't know what kind of wine you would like ask Steven- he will bring you something perfect. Oh, and take a peek out back at the garden. It's super quaint and they have some of their own veggies and herbs growing out back.
It was my turn to plan the date night, and I was really searching for something new. We have lived on the east side of Orlando for almost 14 years, and have seen and done pretty much every restaurant in the area. Thank goodness for Yelp, because I searched "romantic restaurant" and this came up! I have to say I was really unimpressed with the decor. We were in the front room, by the windows, and it just seemed dated and cramped. However, the server (can't remember his name, but he's loud and proud, and a whole lotta fun!! You'll know him when you get him...) was great. Very attentive and hilarious! Had my husband in tears with his humor. The food was equally as good. I am allergic to shellfish, so we asked them to modify the fried green tomatoes. I'm sure they are tons better with all the crab stuffing, but I'd much prefer NOT to spend the night in the hospital. They have a great wine list; I was impressed with some hard to find wines on there. I had the duck, and loved it. We spent hours at our table, talking, laughing, and really enjoying the evening. It is definitely a romantic dinner spot, and we will be back!
I went to K Restaurant last week for my first fancy dinner as an official Orlando restaurant and, you know what, this town's alright. K was upscale and intimate without any air of pomp or pretentiousness. I felt like we were eating in a big, old house that had been converted into a lovely, private space just for our little dinner date... that is until I heard the couple at the next table arguing awkwardly under their breaths reminding me that we were not, in fact, alone. "Honey, what did I do wrong? Just tell me? Why are you ignoring me now?" Sheesh. Anyways, back to my experience. We started with some dranks, no liquor here so don't expect any fancy shmancy cocktail creations to match their menu, but the Sauvignon Blanc was lovely. For apps we split two salads; the first, a beet-mango-pistachio creation topped with a fat dollop of creamy, fresh goat cheese, and the second, get this, BBQ pork belly and fresh, juicy watermelon atop a bed of fresh, mixed greens. Wow! Both were great, but the beet-mango didn't stand one chubby chance against the sweet and salty pork and watermelon combo. Outstandingly delicious and unique! For my main I went with the Local Mahi served over corn succotash. A beautiful presentation with fresh taste to match! I was looking for something a little lighter, but didn't want to skimp on flavor, and this ended up being the perfect choice. The fish was flaky and buttery (in a good way!) and was complimented awesomely by the corn and lima beans. My date had the Maple Farms duck, which I tried a bite of, and it was equally yummy. Of course, I couldn't pass up the french toast bread pudding (who would!?) A perfect cherry on top of a fabulous dinner. Our server was eccentric, bordering on obnoxious, which was probably my least favorite aspect of the meal, but he still did his job well and made some great recommendations for us. And hey, I'm all for having a personality! All in all a lovely evening and one I would love to repeat sometime soon.
Spectacular, this simply is the best of Orlando if not Florida. Perfect match of appetizers to entrees, leading to an incredible desert. Pick anything and you pretty much have the most intense flavors merging into a brilliant masterpiece. Enjoy your time there, it's simply perfection. Oh, and order the chefs Special K filet mignot! Wowza!!!!
Went to K last night for my first time. Have tried to get in before but reservations always right. Took part in "magical dining experience" and the prix fix menu. From the moment I sat down until the minute we left, what a great experience. I started of with the beef tar tar with a congealed egg yolk and horseradish sauce as my appetizer. I am a very picky eater but did enjoy trying this for the first time. For my main course, I had the pork schnitzel with creamy grits and collars greens.... simply amazing! Dessert was the s'more brownie, picture to be posted. And not to forget. I had the most amazing glass of Malbec.... I can't remember the maker. The service was phenomenal. Gary waited on my friends and I and was very knowledgeable about all of the dishes and have excellent suggestions! Everything is fresh and made in house... One of the first in Orlando when it opened! Will definitely return!
K Restaurant is AMAZING!!! I have been a little delayed writing this review as I was waiting for pictures from our photographer (I will add later this week). My husband and I got married here a few weeks ago. It was so beautiful. They have the cutest outdoor patio in the back which is where the ceremony was. The reception was exceptional! We had sooooo many complements on great food and great atmosphere which was all due to the staff and chefs! The K Restaurant staff treated everyone like family. No ones glass was ever empty! The food was out of this world. We had several guests with food allergies and they were able to accommodate everyone at the reception. It was truly some of the best food that I have ever eaten. I couldn't have been happier about the way everything turned out!
Amazing food, really the definition of amazing. Flavors were off the charts, service was the best I have ever had, and prices are great for the immense quality of what they prepare. A great dinning experience that I look forward to repeating multiple times.
Phen-fucking-nomenal!!! Me and the bf got all gussied up to go to Snap!Orlando and check out this restaurant for the first time on Friday night. We made a reservation through Open Table (which I also love, like a lot). We arrived at 6pm and were sat right away. I've got to say just the look and vibe of this place won me over from the start. It's an old house in college park that they changed into a restaurant, dare I say...it's very hip... does that make me sound old? Anyway our waitress was fun and attentive and informative and our wine didn't stop flowing, along with the bread and the food. Everything was timed to deliver perfectly to our table. They had a prix fix menu the night we were there which was wonderful and offered an appetizer, meal and desert for $35. Our meals consisted of: veal meatball appetizer, bbq pork belly appetizer, fresh catch dinner, pork dinner, french toast bread pudding and chocolate peanut butter bar. It sounds like a ton of food but it was perfect portions bordering a little stuffed. But we ate every crumb off every dish. If I had to choose favorites it would've been both pork dishes and the bread pudding... the flavors were out of this world. I am so happy that a restaurant like this has popped up in Orlando! My taste buds rejoice!
K Restaurant is definitely a step above the rest in terms of the Orlando dining scene. Having visited K on several occasions, I felt it time to let my thoughts be known, although I'm sure everything I'm about to mention has already been written! The space has an intimate feel, kind of like being in someones home, which I LOVE. The dining areas are comfortable and induce a calming vibe. You can also opt to sit outside in the patio area or out back. The staff has always been extremely friendly and attentive, but not overly bearing. And the food was always very fresh and flavorful. Since the menu changes quite frequently based on what's fresh and in season, you can't count on enjoying the same dish twice but K definitely keeps some staples on the menu, including their to die for Filet Mignon. The filet is always cooked perfectly, encrusted with porcini mushrooms, served atop potatoes au gratin,and nestled in a pool of red wine sauce {drools uncontrollably}. Another fave is the Lobster Mac and Cheese, featuring HEFTY chucks of lobster, roasted cherry tomatoes, fava beans, and pasta baked in a sinful cheese sauce. This dish is so rich, I had plenty to take home for leftovers (or a drunkin midnight snack, whichever you prefer). I would say K is definitely worth a visit when in the area! But definitely make reservations as this place tends to get pretty packed.
Fantastic dinner for 9.   We had a large group that visited on a Monday night.  We actually started with 6 based on a class that we were teaching locally, but had others join us.  The staff easily accommodated us.  Appetizers were a wonderful mix of the shrimp and grits, a wonderful variation on fried green tomatoes and the squash blossoms.  All wonderful. Dinners we selected (and sampled from each other) were the tilefish, the filet and the mac and cheese with lobster.  All wonderful.  The wait staff was attentive and engaging.  Definitely going back.
Sat outside and weather was nice. That was the best part of the whole meal. The server brought us each of our own wines to sample before choosing which one we wanted. Had the fried green tomatoes which was OK but not magnificent as the flavor was bland and uninviting. Deviled eggs were somewhat good but a little sweet for me. Bone marrow- I got a couple slurps from mine but the largest bone marrow was hard as a rock and my friend did not get any bone marrow from that one. It seemed like it was baked too long. When we told the server about it, he stayed silent. I had the lamb chop cooked medium rare as an entree. The lamb was meh. I've had much better lamb before. The server hyped up the food saying it's one of the best restaurants he's worked at in 10 years of serving experience, but in the end I was not blown away. I had the peach layer cake which was good but small.
My wife and I went here with some friends for the first time recently. The other couple is a regular patron, but for us, it was our first. The atmosphere is great; small and quaint. We sat outside on the porch (the restaurant is basically a large house). The food was amazing, and the atmosphere was great. We started off with the fried green tomatoes, which were out of this world good. We also had a cheese plate and the beet salad. We got an order of the macaroni and cheese to also split as an appetizer. Warning! Unbelievably good, but VERY rich. I would not suggest getting this as a meal, but splitting it with others was great. We ended up splitting the tenderloin for dinner, which was really good. I think the cheese grits, though, were my favorite part of the meal! This is a restaurant that is definitely meant to be enjoyed, so do not go here for a quick bite. The food is pricey, but the ingredients are top-notch and the food is amazing., The menu changes everyday, I believe. We will definitely be back here.
Eating at K is a delight. We started with the calamari and squash blossoms. The calamari was excellent, but the squash blossoms are really a treat. They have a more potent squash taste than I expected, and it was perfectly balanced by the cream cheese filling. The beet salad was really tasty - fresh beets with greens, nuts, and a light goat cheese dressing. Let's talk about the filet mignon. It's presented on a pedestal of potato gratin, with an AMAZING Cabernet Sauvignon reduction. There are wild mushrooms and truffles in there somewhere, too. The beef was certainly among the best quality I've had - tender, juicy, full of flavor, and right at home with the accompaniments. I nearly licked my plate clean. Out-of-this-world. Service was prompt and very friendly, but not overly-so as I've experienced elsewhere. When I inquired about the squash blossoms, another employee came to our table, phone in-hand, proudly and excitedly showing us photos of the blossoms that were growing in the restaurant garden. It seems the employees here really believe in the chef and the restaurant, and that confidence creates an exciting, almost suspenseful dining experience. Big fan.
K Restaurant is slowly becoming an addiction for me. I am even taking friends here regularly to try to get them to share my developing addiction for what I consider to be food so good that it should very well be outlawed for its intoxicating effects! In all seriousness, though, K is a rare gem in the Orlando culinary world because it offers so many great and diverse menu items. What's even better is the fact that the menu changes regularly, so you are introduced to new, yummy items all the time. The only con is that you can't always count on getting those divine chicken livers, for example, when you have a craving for them. However, you can rest assure that there will be something equally as yummy to chow down on. What's really great about K is the service. The staff here is just wonderful and the warmth they bring to your night out is remarkable. I've only had one instance of poor service, and management handled it so well that I was back two days later for Sunday brunch, which is only served once a month. All in all, Kevin, the owner, has really invented something great here and he has found excellent staff to keep his gem well polished.
We dined at K Restaurant on a trip to Orlando after we did some searching for a Non-tourist restaurant.  The yelp reviews were spot on and we so enjoyed our meal, service (was excellent) as was the suggested wine pairing.  I actually would have like to have given them 4.5 stars, but cursor wouldn't hover over it correctly.  Highly recommend....and trust your server to pair the wine for you....we are wine knowledgeable, but always good to try another view point especially when they know the food profiles to well. Good Luck to them on their James Beard event!
Absolutely loved everything. Have been wanting to try it and not sure why I waited so long! Great bottle of wine and the most incredibly creamy decadent foie gras appetizer. For entrees we split the Duck and the Monkfish - both were awesome but I would definitely get that Duck again in a heartbeat. Will be going back more often.
This place was absolutely great - it is the total package... From the outside, K Restaurant doesn't appear to be much - in fact, you might just drive by it and mistake it for a house (which it obviously was at some point.)  Even the parking lot screams low-brow, but the moment you enter, it's as if you've stepped through a portal to a slightly different place. The staff is super friendly, our waiter, Gary was superb, and the food was delicious.  Their menu changes almost daily and it could be a challenge deciding what of all they offer you want to partake of - that's where your waiter comes in handy.   We had their deviled eggs which were awesome - they put a tomato jelly concotion over top that just adds a perfect flavor to the deviled egg.  Our salads included goat cheese which was creamy and delicious.  For dinner, I had the lamb while my wife had the filet mignon.  Both were cooked order.  The dessert menu was short and sweet - and just as difficult to choose from.  My wife went with the Banana Bread with Chocolate Peanut Butter ice cream - it was really a can't miss.  I had the the "French Toast" Bread Pudding - I ate the whole darn thing stuffing myself to the hilt!   If you're looking for a special place to go as a couple or with really, really good family or friends - this is the place to enjoy together.
What can I say? The hype and reviews are spot on! We dined at K Restaurant this past Saturday evening. Our reservation was for 8:30pm but we arrived 10 min early and were seated immediately. We were seated by, what ended up being, our waitress. She was so friendly (without the feeling she was about to take a seat at your table!) and patient. We explained that we'd never eaten there before and she offered a genuine welcome. I'd read many reviews and their website so I knew the menu was ever-changing. I was pleasantly surprised at the wine list. It was much larger than I thought and full of wines we've not seen offered at other restaurants. Having to choose between several wines is never a bad thing! We settled on a glass of Vouvray (him) and Chenin Blanc (me) since they are 2 of our favorites. Surprisingly enough, we switched after the first sip. Both were pleasant and  perfectly chilled.   We decided to start with the duck croquettes. They were served crossed stacked 3 high and atop a sauce that can only be described as decadent. Though I could have eaten 2 I stopped at one! The crust was crisp and warm, the filling more room temperature - which was fine with me! For entrees, my BF got the oxtail and I, the duck breast. Neither of us had ever had ox tail but I do know we enjoyed the hell out of it! It was a large portion (3) served with mashed potato and caramelized onions. I cannot even recall what was in the potatoes - but it must have been some sort of witchcraft because we talked about them on the ride home! It was explained that the duck is prepared medium rare, however I could request it more well done. Since the waitress made it a point to tell me I decided to go with the chef (he does know best!) and it was very well executed. I do wish there would have been more roasted cherries, though. The duck was served over risotto. Dessert. DESSERT! Well, let me just say that I went with other Yelpers and ordered the french toast bread pudding. However, I only ordered it because they sold out of what I really, reeeeaaalllly wanted. A pecan waffle, goat cheese ice cream, bourbon peaches concoction. Seriously. My BF got an ice cream sandwich with kaffir lime ice cream and graham crackers. It was served on a board - which made it a tad difficult to eat but still very tasty.   So, why not 5 stars? Honestly, it has everything to do with the restaurant itself. I knew it was a converted home. No problem. It's lovely, really. But I don't understand why they have a busted window in the ladies restroom (like a fit was going through it. That kind of busted) and why there was electrical tape holding the center of the curtain rod together. It was a LOT of tape. Also, during most of our meal there was another couple whose cell phones either rang or received messages the entire time. It's a small place. We could hear it every time. It would have been nice if someone could have asked them to step outside or mute their phones. These things won't stop us from going back but it would be really nice to give them 5 stars next time.
I suspected this place would be good but it surpassed my expectations enormously. The staff was so enthusiastic, helpful and pleasant. The food was top notch and the ambiance was lovely. We had a great time here. And even though we were forty minutes late for our reservation we were still seated promptly. We started with the deviled eggs. There was something truly unique about them that made them easily the best deviled eggs I've ever had in a restaurant. 5/5 Then we had the arugula salad. It was fresh and delicious. They even split it onto two plates for us. 5/5 Following was the clams. I wasn't crazy about whatever chorizo they were using in the broth but the clams themselves were pretty good. 4/5 My shrimp and grits was a major win. The grits were, well, grittier than I am used to. Not as smooth as I normally have and enjoy but it balanced well with the sauce it was in. The shrimps were small but every bite was delicious. This match up of shrimp and grits was made spicier by the sauce and I liked the dynamics of the cool grits and spice. very lovely. 5/5 For our entree we had the duck. I've been wanting duck for a while and this was a perfectly done one. Beautiful preparation and wonderful balance of flavors. The brussel sprouts mixed with the apples and potatoes was inspired and delicate. It was well achieved and something I'd be interested in trying to replicate at home. 5/5 We ended with the pecan pie in a jar. It was good but not super good. Definitely not the best pie I've ever had. Not even the best pie in a jar I've had. I'd recommend trying something else. 3/5 K Restaurant was a warm welcome to Orlando and set a happy tone for the remainder of our trip. I'm so glad Yelp guided us there!
My husband and I were only in town for the night, and thanks to my search on yelp  we found ourselves at K. At the end of our meal we rated this one of our top three meals, ever. Our server Gary won us over right away with his obvious love for food, and his knowledge of the menu. We're sad to leave this place, if we could we'd pack it up and take it back to Salt Lake City with us. We had..... The beet salad Deviled eggs Fried green tomatoes Bone marrow Butchers block Gnocchi French toast bread pudding And peanut butter cheese cake We literally didn't leave an ounce of food on any of the plates.
Great farm to table.  Chef has a garden behind the restaurant.  Ambiance was quiet and romantic.  Smooth music and interesting art.  The food was very good.  The deviled eggs were good.  Mostly just egg w/ a touch of mustard and a bacon topper.  The filet was like butter.  So tender.  The pork belly carbonara was delish too!  And you can't go wrong w/ the French toast bread pudding paired w/ the earl grey cream tea.
first time here, appetizer were fabulous, we had: Fried Green Tomato--juicy(the tomato part) Ceviche--very fresh Foie Gras--if you put ceviche on top of the bread, another nice dish ^__^ the menu changes everyday, so be surprised when you come. however, i think they do better with their appetizer than their entrees.
Had previously been years ago in their old location....and recently  had the opportunity to decide on the location for a group dinner and chose this place...GREAT CHOICE!!  Group of 11, and everyone cleaned their plates.  Do NOT miss the fried green tomato with crab appetizer--- definitely worth a trip to this place JUST for that!  The wait staff was a bit on the overly casual approach for my taste, (and ours was a LOUD talker)  but they still did a good job.  Will definitely be BACK!!
My first five star review!  Well deserved. Service was top notch - Gary took very good care of us. Foie gras appetizer was killer and my wife enjoyed the fried green tomatoes. My wild black bass was perfect with cauliflower / brussel sprout hash topped with sauce gribiche (had to look that one up!). Her filet was cooked perfectly served on top of potatoes au gratin. Kudos to the pastry chef for yummy, creative desserts. You guys rocked it tonight!
Went to K's when it was newly converted to it's colabo with the previous restaurant, Nonna. I am glad when they chose to merge these two restaurants that they chose the Nonna location because it's a gorgeous restaurant, large enough but not enough to lose the quaint feeling. Since it is somewhat small, the tables are very close to each other which can be less intimate if you are going for a private conversation. We started with some appetizers and all I can remember are the salads, delicious! Everything is so overwhelmingly fresh in such an amazing way. I went with the filet, medium for my main course and it was mouth watering. Also, my boyfriend's dinner had some fried green olives, OMG YUM!  The mac and cheese was a HUGE portion and my dad's wife got it for her main course, I had a taste and half of it for lunch the next day, so savory.   The wine selection is of course something to adore here as well and the entire staff is friendly and informative.  I can't wait to go back, maybe try sitting on the porch out front.
The food and service alone will get K a 4 star rating.  But what put it over the top for me was the caring nature of the staff.  A big thanks to Justin (the manager), Aaron and Rocco who made our evening the other night with their dose of Orlando hospitality. I'll put those details at the end for those who don't want to sludge through it at the front of my review if all you want is facts about the restaurant itself. We arrived on time for our reservation.  My advice?  Make a reservation as this place is intimate, a 1920's house converted into a wine bar and restaurant and every table was filled. We sat at the small bar and had a glass of wine while waiting for our table.  Check out the chalkboard on the wall as it has a list of the cheeses for the day.  the staff is knowledgeable about the wine and take the time to find something you will like.  They also had no issue opening wines to let us taste them before buying the bottle. Once seated (in what used to be the living room of the house) we began to look at the menu.  The chef, Kevin Fonzo, was a James Beard Award nominee which is what drew us to this place to begin with.  And his food did not disappoint. We started with a range of starters:  deviled eggs, K salad (tomatoes and goat cheese) and fried green tomatoes.  Hands down these three starters were our favorite things on the menu.  In fact- we wanted to order another round of these and just forego the entree, but we refrained.  The friend green tomatoes came stacked with a wonderful corn relish served between the layers.  The K salad has this creamy goat cheese that perfectly complimented the fresh tomatoes.  And while I am not a big deviled eggs fan, my friends who are, raved about these. For our entrees- we had the salmon, the penne pasta (spicy but a HUGE portion) and the filet.  In hindsight, I probably should have had the duck breast or the pork chop as I found the filet just okay (even though our server raved about it)  Must be that coming from Chicago, a great steak is available pretty much anywhere.  The sauce was a little much for me. We had the lava cake for dessert which was good but the bread pudding at the next table looked better. But what put this place over the edge for me was the level of service we got after our dinner was complete. I know that Orlando is not a "cab town".  So since I wanted to drink with my dinner,  I took a car service to this restaurant .  Imagine my dismay when I called to have the car come back and get me and they said there were no cars available for 2 hours!  Sheesh! So then I called a cab company and got the same story (wait for that review!).  So Justin and the team sprang into action, keeping our wine glasses filled (complimentary), entertaining us (thanks for the show tunes, Rocco) and calling an alternate service. But when that wasn't enough, and when no cab showed up, this team volunteered to drive us back to our hotel (30 minutes away!)  So unexpected and appreciated!   (we were getting ready to bed down on their porch for the night!)  The cab came at that moment but it was nice to know that these people cared enough to get us home. Good food, a nice atmosphere, and people who actually care about the customers who come into their restaurant?  K Restaurant is 5 stars for sure!
We went here over Labor Day and had the donuts. We have been chasing this food high by ordering donuts at every nice place we went to that had donuts on the menu. No one has come close. I was in Orlando  in Feb on biz and called prior to see if they were serving them. They were. I convinced my coworkers to go to here so I could get the donuts. They liked everything they ordered. Beef tar tar, shrimp and grits, lobster and shrimp pasta. I will be visiting here every time I come to Orlando.
Highlights of a recent (and very pleasant) family dinner for a party of 4: -Good crusty white bread with herbal butter that had a twist of cinnamon to give it a nice Fall flavor. -Gorgeous butternut squash bisque with a dollop of cinnamon cream. -Beet salad was lovely with juicy red beets and a great balsamic vinaigrette dressing, but I wish there had been more of a beet variety than just red. -Outstanding duck breast with a perfect layer of juicy fat, seared perfectly, and the duck meat was so tender and juicy it was easy to gobble up the whole thing. The root vegetable risotto underneath was a great earthy compliment to the duck and the cooked red cabbage was icing on the cake. -Gnocchi was tender, fluffy, and substantial with an excellent ragu. Unfortunately, no room for dessert... sad face. The wine list isn't incredibly deep, but has some notable selections including a Syrah from a small Napa vineyard (Martinelli) I haven't seen anywhere east of CA, so that was a nice surprise. The Tempranillo we selected was pleasantly light and turned out to be a delightful pairing. Note that they only have beer and wine, so no fancy schmancy cocktails to muddy up the selection process. Very pleasant ambiance, and it seems as though they've addressed some of the previous noise issues by adding carpet in many rooms as well as hanging curtains that cover various walls and entryways to several of the rooms. My mother in law noted that their previous dining experience was hampered by effectively feeling as if they were dining in an echoic chamber, but this most recent experienced proved to be much more accommodating to inside voices despite being one of 3 occupied tables within a 5-table room.
We decided to to take our friends out for dinner at K.  We heard great reviews about the food, especially how the menu options change frequently and they offer an eclectic range of various varieties for foodies!  K did not disappoint!   We all started out with individual salads, I had the "Stacked" (Heirloom tomatoes with whipped goat cheese and a vinaigrette).  Simply Amazing!  Wish every salad tasted so good.  The other salads were Arugula, and Wedge.  The one disappointment, was that 2 of the featured salads along with some appetizers were sold out.   For our entrees, I had the Wagyu Strip, basically an intense cut of Japanese beef presented on a bamboo cutting board along with thick, well-seasoned fries.  My wife had the succulent Filet Mignon, our guests had the Eggplant Parm and Venison.   Both beef dishes were done to perfection.  It was my first time eating Wagyu beef, and I found it to be no different than any other great piece of steak.  The venison, which can be tricky to prepare, due to its toughness and gamey taste, was very tender and was accompanied with a sauce that paired well with it.   Overall, we had a great time, and will go back again....but be prepared to shell out some $$$ Pro's:  Great food, nice variety, good wine selection Con's: Space was a little too cramped, certain foods sold out, no alcohol except wine, pricey.
Had a fantastic dinner at K tonight thanks to a deal we stumbled across on Travelzoo and snapped up before it sold out. We also saw a LivingSocial deal not too long ago but forgot to log back on to actually buy it and missed out before it sold out that afternoon. Moral of the story? If you see a deal for K, grab it because it will sell out. Quickly. This place is THAT good. Started off with the deviled eggs (very good) and fried duck liver over collards. The duck liver was out of this world, and the portion was huge. Perfectly crispy, just the right texture and had a little zip to them, too. Highly recommend this appetizer. Hubs had the filet which he ranked as at LEAST as good as Boheme's steaks, served over some type of potato terrine that he said was tasty, too. I can't vouch for either of these statements but I would assume they're accurate because the man has been known to have a more sensitive (delicate?) palate than a twelve year old raised on a diet of chicken fingers and tater tots. I had the duck a l'orange which was duck filet and a duck leg, served over confit potatoes. Oh. my. god. Absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Best meal I've had in months. My only minor, minor request would be for the skin to be crispy. (Agreeing with previous reviewer, wish I had known to ask for this!) The portion was also large. This is the type of perfectly-seasoned comfort food you expect French grannies to be making on Sunday and being pseudo angry at their petits-enfants for not having seconds. Actually, I don't think French people have seconds...but you get the point. What was especially nice was how subtle the flavors were. The orange relish was flavorful without overshadowing the savory of the duck. Service was excellent, efficient and entertaining. Hats off to the waiter in the middle section for his rendition of "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend." Couldn't hardly tell that it wasn't Marilyn singing for everyone. Ambience is cozy, intimate and tasteful without being stuffy. Love that we have such a fantastic spot in ol' College Park. Only complaint? That the elderly diners a table away from us weren't discussing, in grim detail, their friend's demise like a couple of high schoolers trading juicy gossip. (This of course, has nothing to do with K.)
Went in with high expectation based on yelp reviews, but left A Little bit disappointed. I had the so over glorified devil eggs and they were mediocre at best. They were just nothing to write home about so i don't know what is up with all these yelpers making them the #1 suggestion. I can make better devils eggs. I then had the duck croquettes That again were nothing sensational and they also had a funny after-taste to them, thankfully the sauce was good and helped mask some of the funny after- taste. Did not enjoy this dish. As the main course I had penne pasta with duck & Lamb meat balls. At this point I was already not happy with the food so I didn't even bother taking a picture. The dish was Just ok-good, nothing special. My wife had the sword fish and didn't think it was all that great. All in all, I always enjoy seasonal restaurants and I think this place has the ability to put out Great dishes, but the menu for this month was a complete failure IMO. Very limited and On top of that the items on the menu are something you can almost find anywhere else. Prices I'd say are fair as they do serve generous rations of food. I will give them another try in a couple of months and report back. I'll just make sure to check the menu online before making the drive lol. That's all guys.
Having grown up in Orlando, and having moved back to Orlando in 2005, we've been to a majority of the restaurants in the orlando area.  For my 10 year wedding anniversary, I wanted to find some place special and exciting we had never been to before.  After doing a bit of research, I realized that we had never been to K Restaurant, although we had heard many good things in the past. To begin, the location of the restaurant is very charming.  It is located in an old craftsman style house in the heart of college park.  The decor is comfortable and elegant.  Upon entering, the staff was extremely friendly.  A wine bar is located immediately behind the restaurant's entrance, and the bartender was friendly and knowledgable.  The wine and beer selection was unique, and excellent. But the main attraction was dinner.  I started with a wedge salad, served with iceberg lettuce, blue cheese, bacon, red onion, tomato, and green goddess dressing.  Most wedge salads I've ordered from other restaurants are simply hunks of iceberg, with some blue cheese and bacon on top.  Not this one.  The lettuce formed a delicate, chilled bed for very fresh tomato, hot, delicious bacon, and the unique green goddess dressing.  The portion was perfect. The best wedge salad I've had. As it was our anniversary, I decided to go for the filet mignon, served wild mushroom dusted, with potato gratin, cabernet sauvignon sauce, and truffle.  All I can say is this.  The cut of the filet was certainly not the best I've had.  However, the preparation and presentation resulted in this meal being the best steak meal I've ever had.  If I could order the potato gratin only everyday, I would. K was the perfect place for our 10 year wedding anniversary.  I look forward to going back for many special occasions.  Don't mis it.
An old house or a restaurant? Looks more like an old house, but going to eat at this old house is a treat of its own. Turning into the loose pebble stone driveway/parking lot it feels more like visiting some lost Florida uncle's home rather than a restaurant. Cruising from the parking lot to the main house one can't help but wonder what is going on in the backyard. Take a peek. It is ground to plate. There is a herb garden thriving right in the back of the restaurant. How organic is that? It does not get fresher than that! Wait, a table with chairs in the garden? Could one actually dine out there? Under the stars, amongst the herbs.....???? The inside is like a personal dining room with a couple of walled sections. It is very cozy and inviting. There is a very relaxed bar, almost like someone's kitchen counter with bar stools. Inside the bathroom is a salt cleanser, probably the only restaurant in Orlando with this feature. Outside is this grand patio  or veranda. It is covered and faces the road with fans and a nice evening breeze. They allow four legged guests. 2009 Cuvee de Blanc, Huguenot Cellar, Santa Ynez Valley, CA. (Grenache Blanc, Sauvignon Blanc & Gewurztraminer) A clean, crisp, herbaceous, white blend that was surprisingly dry and an easy warm climate drinking wine. Perfect to swirl and sip on a veranda. Lillet Rouge Aperitif de France Beautiful deep ruby red color. Initial aromas of red grapes, raspberries, and blackberries. It is clean, tart, and fruity. The lemon twist adds another layer of citrus flavors. Prosciutto croquettes wild ramps, pesto aioli dipping sauce was light, crisp, and creamy. Nice starter. Fresh bread with thyme, honey, and cinnamon butter. The butter was delicious. Shrimp and Grits creole bbq Florida rock shrimp, creamy cheddar Logan's Turnpike Grits. The shrimp was a little overcooked but the flavors were spot on. This dish had a bold creole flavor. The grits were creamy and smooth. Roast Quail house made chorizo sausage stuffed "hopping john" bbq. Tender deboned quail was seasoned ever so slightly and combined well with the chorizo. Black eye peas and sweet corn complimented this dish well. Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast herb risotto, Florida blueberry -cherry marmalade. The risotto was slightly grainy but the duck breast was tender, succulent, and flavorful. Pecan Pie with vanilla ice cream. Nice textures and taste. The freshness of ingredients and culinary techniques makes the food sizzle as the shining star. Service was unobtrusive, informative, and friendly. The cozy quaintness of this beautiful cottage with veranda is the quintessential Florida home of a bygone era. The current owner is gracious enough in sharing his herb garden and home to all of us.
Looking for a great meal on our last night in Orlando, we found the K Restaurant on Yelp and are glad we did. The restaurant is located in an old house about 5 minutes from downtown Orlando (about 30 minutes from the Disney Park area).  There is outdoors seating that would be delightful on a warm spring or fall evening but it was about 55 degrees so we headed inside.  We were greeted by one of the wait staff and shown to our table.  (We booked on Open Table and were actually 15 minutes late but it was a Monday night and the restaurant was pretty empty.) The menu and wine/beer menu make Chef Kevin's philosophy clear from the start.  The food at K Restaurant is based around local ingredients from small sustainable and organic producers.  As a result, the menu changes daily based on availability of ingredients.  Chef Kevin even has a vegetable and herb garden behind the restaurant.  Most of the beers on the menu are also micro-brews, some local, some not so local. My wife ordered the Arugula salad and the Mac and Cheese.  The salad was crisp and light, with dried cranberries, candied pecans and blue cheese.  The Mac and Cheese is saucy, with tomatoes (from the garden?) and pieces of fennel sausage.  A great interpretation of the ultimate comfort food.  I ordered the 1st and 2nd courses from the Chef's Prix Fixe menu:  Grilled pork belly on a bed of homemade kim chi followed by their interpretation of Southern Fried Chicken.  No heavy batter, it was more like the brined, fried turkey I make every Thanksgiving.  The chicken came on a bed of cheesy grits (or polenta?) garnished with collard greens.  Every dish that came to the table was well presented and delicious.  We shared the chocolate lava cake for dessert (although the strawberry shortbread was a tempting alternative). Both my wife and I left the K Restaurant feeling that we had enjoyed a special dining experience.  Reviews here on Yelp had given us the expectation of a good meal but not as great as it was.  And part of this was the service.  The wait staff was warm and welcoming and our waiter seemed to really want to make sure that we enjoyed our meal.  And it had more the feel of enjoying a meal in the home of friends than it did of sitting in a restaurant.  When we head back to Orlando, we will be sure to set aside an evening to enjoy another meal at the K Restaurant.
No qualms with this spot at all. K have a very accommodating staff, fun little patio area for large groups, and the ambiance was set just right which made for the perfect date spot. I went with my stunningly gorgeous and spellbinding girlfriend... and her father and step mom lol. As we sat down I feared that the setting might be a little stuffy, but soon after we were sat (at 6:30) the music turned on, and so did the fun. The menu changes daily which makes for a thoroughly resplendent time all around. Our server was a bit over burdened with the amount of tables she had to handle, and at times it was difficult to summon their attention. I recommend the Fillet, Mac & Cheese (GIANT portion), lamb, fried green tomatoes, and their buttermilk ice cream.
Wow what a great place.  We went to try the Magical Dining Menu,but the regular menu was so great we ordered from It.   They have great wine choices and a few really great beer choices. The Apps:  We had the lobster beignets and the Goat Empanadas.  I think I could have made a meal just ordering the Apps, they had several more I wanted like the fried green tomato stack.  My parents had the corn bisk with a lobster beignets and we had the K Stack with the house made goat cheese.  Oh yeah I said house made goat cheese this made the salad. Entree's: I had the duck breast with butternut risotto and red cabbage,my wife had the gnocchi , with ox tail in a 6 hour sauce,my parents both had the filet's from the magical dining menu with truffle mashed potatoes,  and my mother in law had the eggplant.  I have never had duck cooked so perfect.  The rest of the entrees were also amazing,  I tasted all the dishes and all of them were perfect.   Since my parents had the magical dining plan we got a couple of desserts.  The Bread pudding and the brownie were both excellent! This is a great place, I can't wait to go back  next time I hope to try the wine flight out back as the weather cools off.
NICE PLACE It's always refreshing to visit a free-standing mom & pop restaurant that provides high quality meals and exhibits a bit of concern for the customers. This is just such a place. The four of us started with the BBQ Calamari and a jar of house made pickles (that's right!). Both were very good, especially the BBQ calamari; calamari is on so many menus now and this version was unique & tasty. For lunch we had the Cobb Salad with crab and the Wild Salmon Salad and two of us had the Wild Salmon Big Plate. Everything was just right. We were quite happy to have "discovered" this place. Thanks, Yelp!
So wine bars are huge in Orlando, aren't they?   Well I went to K Restaurant for the food and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality.  The inside is decorated with paintings (when I went the exhibit revolved around love, so lots of hearts everywhere...in a pretty classy way).  For dinner the lights are low and each table is lit by a candle.  The owner was a kinda gruff fellow (I don't know why I keep having encounters with these types), but our curly haired waiter was friendly.   I had the pistachio encrusted duck.  The duck was great, but the crust tasted really strange and salty.  I hear the steak dish was good too.  The wine matched well and there is an okay number choices by the glass.  For dessert, the chocolate lava cake was good, but the bread pudding was frickin' awesome.  Definitely get it, if it's available.  And they have illy coffee, another plus.
Fresh, high quality, locally-sourced food that is extremely delicious and fulfilling is the story of K Restaurant. I feel honored to have spent my birthday dinner in 2012 with 14 friends at this lovely establishment. Being that we were a relatively large party, we were placed in a room in the back by ourselves, which was quite a pleasant surprise. They had a good selection of wine, and a few friends and I ended up sharing a bottle of the Sangue di Giuda. I also had a taste of a Riesling. Both were really good! For food, we started with the famed Deviled Eggs. The eggs came from Lake Meadow Naturals, a local egg farm, and the dish also had crispy bacon and tomato jam. I wasn't sure how the tomato jam would taste, but it added a really interesting (in a good way) flavor to the dish. Next up was the Wild Salmon w/ Asparagus Risotto, Lemon Vinaigrette, Shaved Asparagus & Fennel Salad. I cannot even begin to describe how amazing this dish was. My mind, and taste buds, were blown. The salmon was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the risotto was the most flavorful I've ever had in my life thus far. I also tasted the Mac 'n' Cheese and Penne alla Vodka. Their mac 'n' cheese is not like your ol', regular mac 'n' cheese. It was just as mind-blowing as the salmon dish I had. I might even order this next time I go, if they still have it on their menu (I certainly hope they do!). The penne alla vodka was also delicious. All three I would highly recommend. Other friends ordered the Eggplant Parmesan and Vero Beach Swordfish and although I could not speak to them as I did not try them, my friends truly enjoyed these dishes as well. Then, for the grand finale, I ordered their French Toast Bread Pudding w/ Pecan Streussel, Cinnamon Anglaise, and Vanilla Ice Cream. Since it was my birthday, they had a lit candle on it, and, the truly unexpected & hilarious part of the evening was a server/bartender presenting it to me while singing "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy?" by Rod Stewart. Free entertainment! We were all laughing our hearts out. I would definitely return to K Restaurant. in fact, I wanted to return almost immediately after I tasted my entree. Highly recommended to all who want to try a local restaurant.
So I had flown to Orlando for work. A week there didn't seem so bad until I woke up the next day and needed a place to eat. MY GOD. Awful. I mean call me spoiled. Call me a pain. Call me a snob. But have you tried to eat in Orlando????!?!?! For a person to be staying in the "Happiest Place on Earth" I was pretty damn unhappy. BUT....luckily, I was taken to K Restaurant for dinner by the bosses and almost wept with happiness when I saw the menu. And the ambiance (cute painting with the theme of "love" everywhere). And the waiters (hellooooo lover!). Needless to say, this place was chic, friendly, quick, and delicious. I ordered the scallops and savored every bite, and tenderly ate my chocolate lava cake dessert. The wine list, while small, had some good choices on it and the overall feel and class of the restaurant instilled some faith back into me that not all of Orlando was hell. Sorry you Floridians--I was beginning to lose my mind after blocks of chain steak restaurants and bad pizza were all I could see. For this foodie, the options  for her palate before K restaurant made her stomach cramp. If I ever return to Orlando again, K will definitely be a place I return to.
I couldn't have been happier. We went here for my husbands birthday (late)with a group of friends. Called to make a reservation after finding out ravenous pig(RP) was booked for weeks, got a call back as soon as they opened from a friendly guy at the other end. I wanted a restaurant comparable to RP in terms of foodie philosophies and unpretentious dining... Were a young heavily tattooed couple and group. Basically it all far beyond exceeded expectations. I dug the quirky house and the fact there was a garden out back. The fried tomatoes definitely were our tables favorite app. I got Chilean sea bass, it was amazingly crisp on the skin. I hate skin but happily ate this. It was also a big portion considering the price and quality of fish, I had to dish out tastes to everyone so I could finish. It came with some corn succotash with fava beans that I could've eaten seconds of. My husband got the duck entree, ate his plate cleannnnn, in minutes. That says something for a once cook who was a bit skeptical. The actual cook/foodie blogger of our group got the eggplant and gave an immediate two thumbs up, she's actually Italian so it was held to high standards. It was all delicious. We ordered a sampler of all of the desserts for the table, the lemon meringue and bread pudding are winners here. The staff was warm and welcoming. Once again we've had bad experiences based on our appearance, not so here. Cool quirky unpretentious casual fine dining. WIN
It was last Christmas and Niki and I attended a family gathering at my aunt's home in Florida. Over wine and hors d'oeuvres we all shared holiday cheer and stories of the past year. My cousins from Orlando whose company I immensely enjoy but do not see often enough were there. So many times we have met in family circles but we haven't spent time out alone as a pair of couples. Many times we have spoke about getting together for drinks and dinner but life always seemed to get in the way. A couple months later, I am driving in my car down interstate 95. I wondered to myself if they might be interested in having dinner. I sent a quick text and shortly there after a time,date, and location were selected. That weekend we arrived at their home in Orlando. We were given a brief tour of recent renovations made, polished off a glass of wine, then headed out to our pre arranged dining destination. K is a restaurant and wine bar located in the College Park area of Orlando. I haven't been to this area before but I have been to nearby Lake Eola where Niki and I have walked our dogs a few times. K is poshly decorated with many pieces of artwork on the wall which I would imagine are works from local artists. We were promptly seated which was refreshing since countless times before we have been left waiting for a table at other restaurants. I find this annoying since reservations are usually a requirement for finer dining. The enviroment was loud at first but after getting comfortable it was easy to listen and make conversation with our party. After being presented a wine list we collectively selected a Cabernet Savignon from Washington . I found the wine to be an excellent choice being delightfully aromatic with bold flavor and a pleasant finish. The waiter returned and we completed our order which began to arrive at our table quite promptly. For starters I had the Fried Green Tomato Salad, a unique dish nicely presented and full of flavor. Niki ordered an Iceberg Wedge Salad with a light but tangy dressing which she deeply enjoyed. My entree selection was Duck Breast served with Red Cabbage and Roasted Potatoes covered in a Huckleberry Sauce, spectacular to say the least. Niki had the Braised Turkey Hash accompanied by Potatoes, Smoked Bacon, and a Poached Egg. I had to sample her dish and I can comfortably state that it was divine. Shorty after completing our meals the dessert arrived. I had the Lavender Creme Brulle which was splendid and a must have when you dine here. Niki enjoyed the Chocolate Lava Cake with Vanilla Bean Ice Creme which is a fantastic choice for all you death by chocolate lovers. After we completed our dessert our party moved to the adjacent wine bar. A very comfortable and intimate space once again decorated by nice works of art , all for sale. We relaxed, conversed,and sipped on wine and beer till closing. A great end to a exceptional evening. I highly recommend that when in the Orlando area stop by, step in, and enjoy. You won't regret your visit to K. I will be back very soon, guaranteed.
Stopped in for lunch today, knowing that the current location would be closing in a couple of days.  It was my first visit and I wish I had ventured into K a long time ago.  I was there for a business lunch and more focused on conversation than anything else, but the ambience was really comfortable and conducive to conversation. Rocky took our order.  He was a delightfully entertaining and attentive server.  He clearly new my companion very well so there was a wonderful--but appropriate--sense of familiarity in our interaction. My companion ordered a striped sea bass sandwich prepared in a "jerk" style.  I have never seen a sea bass sandwich and would never have thought to serve sea bass in that way.  Based on appearances, it is a great menu idea!  The sea bass was well seared and served on a fresh ciabatta roll.  It came with a side salad of greens, dried cranberries and walnuts with, I think, feta.  Very nice and palate cleansing. I had a grilled eggplant sandwish, also served on a ciabatta role with the same side salad.  It was a tasty sandwish, full of freshly grilled eggplant and roasted red pepers with mozzarella.  Perfect size for lunch! I wish I could say that I would be back to this particular K but it is closing on Saturday and, as I understand it, reopening a day later about half a mile down the road as part of Restauarant Nonna.  You can bet I'll be checking that out soon!
My first review of K was for lunch, and I didn't get much out of the experience.  Since then, I've been there for dinner twice and my opinion has changed in a big way.   Most recently was a 5-person get-together.  The menu changes daily or frequently.  On this night, one in our party had eggplant parmesan, one salmon, one cobia, and two of us had the filet mignon.  The eggplant was grown in the back yard garden of the restaurant. The filet is usually priced at $32, but on this Thursday night, it was only $20.  The only difference was they usually serve it with potatoes au gratin, but it was served that evening with mashed potatoes.  Everyone commented on how good their entrees and salads were. The arugula salad looked especially good.  I chose instead a starter of crab bisque which I enjoyed.   The service on both evening occasions has been professional and friendly, not stuffy.   Good going K, I'm glad you're still doing things right.
Great place to celebrate an event, with a homey feel that comes from a converted-house look. A friend of mine had a birthday dinner there. Our party of six split a cheese platter, goat empanadas, and the fried green tomato tower to start. The goat empanadas were a standout, with a smoky, rich taste and crispy crust. The fried green tomatoes are well reviewed, and were good, but came out a little soft from the sauce that was with them. I had the duck, which was about average. That's good, for duck. The meat was flavorful, and seemed to be high quality, but was a touch more well-done than I prefer. The wine choices were really good.
I fully expected to be giving 5 stars prior to arrival.  This restaurant has a great atmosphere for a group dinner.  The outside area was begging to be frequented during the summertime. This may sound totally random, but I'll break down the 3 star review: Portions - Usually when you go to a restaurant, and spend $14 on chicken and pasta, you know what you're paying for and you accept that its probably going to be a $14 entree.  Well, I ordered the $23 Wreckfish and figured this one may be large and fulfilling.  Well, it was very tasty, it did fill me up just short of feeling full, but I couldn't help but feel a little shortchanged as far as the portion/price ratio was concerned.  On the flipside, if you're in the mood for a generous portion, the eggplant portions are huge........I could feel my neighbors start to feel overprotective of their plates as I gazed longingly at them. Service - As far as the actual service goes, they are good, you don't depend on just one waiter, it does seem like they tag-team each other, which helps.  Some of the waiters are friendlier than others.   The girl working the front counter was very sweet and charming and welcomed us and bid us farewell afterwards. I didn't mind the things that made my trip fall a little short,  it just ended up making this type of trip more of a rarity in the future than being a regular type thing.
Throw all the other letters out of the alphabet and just save me the K please.  Love this gem for brunch, lunch, and dinner.    Full of fun staff who are excited about the customers coming in and a passionate, creative chef who always satiates my tastebuds' desires completely. K's is like that cool friend that  we all know, who is looks incredible and is fun to be around morning, noon, and night.  At the tables, you have intimate conversation, or you can interact with your neighboring tables.  The special events and brunches are not to be missed.
So, i really really wanted to like/love this restaurant, but to much disappointmnet, i'll give it a more than generous 2 stars :(  that's based on food, not just dining experience. What we had: -charcuterie -clams in bacon infused broth -BBQ pork over polenta -poussin with root vegetable and red cabbage Perhaps it was a bad day; perhaps it was that Chef Kevin was sitting out front by the wine bar, all the while both our service and meal was going awry. I was really excited to see yet another James Beard nominee in Orlando!  Yay, not another chain restaurant.  I made reservations So there wasn't much of a wait.  Quaint little restaurant with a nice little wine bar area where you could dine as well.  I was really enjoying the ambience already, but this was the pinnacle of the experience, and it went all downhill from there.   We got started with the charcuterie, which basically was a few slices of prosciutto and salami, very mild mustard and pickeled fennel.  When I asked the waiter which cuts we were having, he didn't know, and the second waiter was annoyed that he had to come over to help answer.  Ok, sorry I asked and wanted to know what I was eating.  The pickled fennel was interesting and very good I will admit!  Now, I get that I look young, but don't call me "little lady" and ask what I would want for dinner.  I'm actually a physician who's been practicing for over 10 years Mr. Condescending Waiter. Same waiter #2 as mentioned previously. On to appetizer #2... Now, i was excited, BACON and clams?!  A super salty failure.  The bacon flavor was great, but those clams must have released alot of salt when they cooked and opened up in addition to salty bacon! So if you just ate the clam meat, it was great. If you actually wanted to enjoy the broth, you will have had your recommended salt intake for a week. Onto the entrees... Unfortunately, I don't have anything great to say here.  The flavors were okay, but the pork chop was dry and overcooked, and the rhubarb bbq was too sweet for my pallete.  As you can see from my photo, I had to scrape off alot of that sauce/reduction.  Nothing blended or balanced out the flavors in my opinion.  My boyfriend loves his fowls and usually will eat the meat clean off the bone, but again, disappointed with the poissan.  Again, the meat was dry, yes, even the dark meat.  Both the pork and chicken had a sweet flavor sauce pairing, but the actual mean wasn't really seasoned.   The portions were definitely generous, but I'd choose flavor over portion size anyday.  So again, I want to give the Chef the benefit of the doubt that it was a bad day because the temperature of the meats were off, but I wasn't overwhelmed and impressed by the flavors that were put together on either entree.  I can't say I'd recommend this restaurant off of our meal and experience, but I gather most of y'all will probably try it nevertheless, because, let's be honest, we don't have a whole lot of options to select from in Orlando.  Just be warned...
This may be the best restaurant in Orlando.  Our last visit was a bit on the decadent side, celebrating a birthday makes you feel like you can eat absolutely anything you want.  We had fillet and lobster mac & chz.  Both dishes were amazing.  Next time I'd like to try more of the fresh fish options.  Make a reservation!
Sitting on a 1920s home, the ambiance per se is understated and relaxed. The entire focus is on creating a warm atmosphere show casing their passion for food, wine, and local organic ingredients. The inspiration and theme which set the tone for the evening was fresh, locally grown produce.  Fresh ingredients were brought the morning of, from farmers like Waterkist, Palmetto Creek, 3 Boys, Deep Creek, and the K Garden. The $60 price tag included a cocktail hour with vodka cocktails made with fresh herbs and appetizers. This was followed with free flowing wines ranging from rose to bold reds from Spain, accompanied with a lavish 7 course meal. What an incredible deal!! Can I just mention how humbled I was? Having not one but two pioneer chefs cook personally for me; (in a group of 30) was truly a rare treat, especially for someone as fastidious as myself who believes in creating perfect dishes in my own kitchen. The cocktail hour started with Pickled Tongue Toasts, Goat Empanadas, Oysters, and Octopus Salad. The Watermelon mignonnette added such freshness while in contrast the spicy peppers mignonette woke all your senses.  Both were ideally paired with the oysters while maintaining the sanctity of the oyster.  I whole heartedly concur with Chef Kevin aptly calling them "mouth orgasms". The Goat Empanadas were fresh out of the fryer, crispy, and filled with tender goat. Chef Kevin himself pickled the tongue. The Octopus Salad was sweetly tender and lightly seasoned. Each course was a palate teaser leaving me craving for more and looking forward to the next one. The flawless execution, delicious creations, beautiful presentation, warm hospitality, and graciousness of Chef Kevin and his staff has won me as a life time patron.  I truly am in awe!! Whether it is for lunch, dinner, or one of their weekly hosted events; I highly recommend making a trip to K Restaurant. I guarantee, you will be as impressed as I was.
My husband and I ventured into K Restaurant for dinner and were extremely excited! The ambiance  of the small restaurant was just right and there were fantastic smells coming from the kitchen.  We could tell instantly that the food was going to be good, because the place was PACKED!!! We ordered the Pimento Cheese and Deviled Egg appetizers.  Both were EXCELLENT! I'm a southern girl who has been eating these two things my whole life, but the chef certainly brought these dishes up to a new level.  The deviled eggs were served with a sweet tomato chutney and salty bacon and were AMAZING.  They converted even my non-deviled egg eating husband into an egg lover.  The pimento cheese was fresh, perfectly blended and served with crostini and some house made pickles that provided the perfect tart to the creaminess of the cheese.   For dinner I had the ricotta gnocchi, which was OUT of this world. i must add it was heavy and super decadent too.   It was clearly hand made and served with pancetta, peas and other goodies.  My husband had the swordfish with a fava bean and corn succotash.  HOLY COW was this good.  It tasted like the fish was caught right before it was served on our plate! The succotash was so fresh and colorful too. We were way too full for dessert, so unfortunately we couldn't try any of their delicious offerings. The service and the food are all EXCELLENT here, and we will be returning soon!
Yummmy in my tummy! Every time I go here it is never a disappointment. Great place. Menu is always changing. Its pretty pricey, but you are definitely paying for some great quality food. Last time I was there they had the pumpkin creme brulee. It was amazing!!! Can't wait to go back for some more mind blowing food.
Went for Valentines-  only second time eating there - not worth $36 filet My husbands steak blows away K Restaurant - Sad, first time the place was really good, the second time I felt cheated.
Finally tried this place after reading about its many transformations. I was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant in a house concept works well here. Reminds me of some great places I've been to in other cities. Very courteous but casual service. Concise menu with local ingredients. Dishes were well-executed and tasty. I had a fish dish and my partner had a risotto. Each had some really nice flavors that I "couldn't quite peg." Dessert was excellent, too. I really like the vibe of this place and like what it is going for, and I look forward to returning again.
Spent last evening at K celebrating a 30th birthday. Our server was the talented and super cute Stephen. I have been to K several times at the old location and in all honesty prefer the original location, however despite this minor set back the food and service is still superb. Thursday night is $20 Filet night and so K was crowded and loud. Any other night the place runs like a 4 star restaurant. To start we ordered the Squash Bisque and the Fried Green Tomato and Crab appetizer. The soup was warm and like eating fall in a bowl. The fried green tomato appetizer was absolutely delicious, stock full of corn, lump crab and a wonderful white sauce. From there we moved on to the wedge salad. I liked it, but honestly the wedge at The Citrus Club is better. I think K should use the same blue cheese that Citrus uses. For our main dish we both ordered the Filet medium rare. It was good, but a little too rare, I did not send it back, but probably would if it had not been Filet night. We were too stuffed for dessert, so we opted to end the night with a bottle of wine. In conclusion, K is an excellent restaurant. I believe that it is worth it to go any other night other than $20 filet night to have the true K experience. Kudos to Stephen our server, his patience and knowledge put the finishing touches on a wonderful birthday night!
My first and only experience at K was a great one. I have yet to make it back, but I will surely do so in the future. My party and I were greeted politely and seated immediately. Menu's were presented and water poured. I am very proud to see restaurants constructing menu's from local and seasonal ingredients. It is very refreshing to see that we can eat "from our own backyard" and still have an exquisite dining experience. The Fried green tomatos with corn-crab salad was stupid good, soooo fresh and delicious. I had the wild salmon salad for lunch and the fish was perfectly cooked medium as it should be. Some fish needs to be cooked through sure, but not salmon, and they seem to have the right grasp on that.  Great job! See you all soon! Cheers!
Fabulous dinner with friends. Food was brilliant - fresh, exciting tastes.   -pig's ear salad (try it!) -malt ice cream -rosemary ice cream -lovely sauces with meats and fish. Prix Fixe was a wonderful value.  Octopus salad.  Perfectly cooked salmon.  NY cheesecake. $25 Service was stellar. Ambiance was cozy, friendly and attentive.
We have a tradition of celebrating our birthdays at K every year. Last night, we started pimento cheese & BBQ pork belly and watermelons salad.  The pimento cheese is out of this world!  For the main course, we had the fillet minus the truffle dust and the pork tenderloin over corn and cheese grits.  As always the meal exceeded our expectations!   I always request to sit in the back room as it feels a little cozier.  Our server was knowledgeable and polite without being overbearing. Overall it was a great evening.
I went back to K with two colleagues last weekend and they loved it. One is a food snob and he asked a ton of questions about the food: Their stuff is fresh, including seafood, and made in house. The service was great - Karen caught on to our sarcasm and joined in a few times. It was engaging without being intrusive if we were mid-conversation. She was fantastic. The food did not disappoint. I got the mac & cheese again and would eat it everyday if it didn't mean gaining 100 pounds.
I've seen this compared to Ravenous Pig as a chef-owned restaurant in the area, but I have to say the food is WAY better here. We went here for the Magical Dining special and tried pretty much everything that was offered. Everything was fresh and well-seasoned. Notables include the beef tartar (good smokiness and not mushy), flounder with succotash (great thyme lemon butter flavor) and the Schnitzel with grits and greens (well balanced and buttery). Only slight miss was the fresh pasta (a bit overcooked and too much fennel in the sausage meatballs). Other reviewers have criticized the building (an old house) and I can see why. There was a slight muskiness when we first entered. Overall the food was fantastic and we had a great experience. Will definitely come back again.
In town for a conference, and Yelped our way over to Chef Kevin Fonzo's delightful gem of a restaurant.  It far out-classed any of the options near our hotel: Creative entrees without undue pretentiousness, fresh local ingredients, well-chosen beers and wines, and attentive service. We thoroughly enjoyed the soft, crusty bread with tarragon honey butter.  Delighted in the exquisitely creamy goat cheese on the roasted beet salad. And found ourselves toasting to Chef Kevin when we bit into the perfectly prepared duck with its beautiful pinot grapes and herb risotto. Kevin came out at the end of our meal. Fun guy, incredibly proud of his burgeoning garden out back and the work he does as a "lunch lady" each morning at the school cafeteria down the road. A perfect end to the evening. "Salute!" to you, Chef!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Orlando area, combining all the ingredients (no pun intended) that make dining out an enjoyable experience.  Located in College Park on the corner of Vassar Street and Edgewater Drive, K Restaurant offers an electric selection of  innovated dishes, which change daily.  On my three visits, the appetizers, entrees, and desserts have been delicious.  The wine list is fairly impressive, and the wait-staff is excellent without being intrusive.   Highly recommended for a romantic evening, or for a more casual experience, sit at one of the sidewalk tables, and dine al fresco - the people watching is great!   The restaurant tends to draw a hip/professional crowd; however, each time I've visited, the vibe was different. The decor with its dark-red, art covered walls is both exotic and quirky, combining hip with romantic sophistication. Don't miss this one!
Stopped in last night - spur of the moment. They had a full house and we had no reservation. The host offered a seat at the bar while they opened the outdoor dining area (recovering from a summer downpour). We were seated shortly, the weather had cooled, the service was great and the food was too. A perfect evening. We enjoyed the truffles deviled eggs. The duck breast with risotto and rhubarb was excellent. I had the eggplant. It was fresh and freshly cooked, actually piping hot. Prices were very fair for such fine food.
I enjoyed a wonderful birthday dinner here last Saturday and to make things better, it was the first night that Orlando started the Magical Dining Prix Fixe menus at select restaurants!  So needless to say, I went for the three course meal! I started off with the sweet corn soup which had a bacon/corn beignet floating in the middle.  It complemented the soup well adding a bit of sweetness and saltiness to the delicious creamy corn soup. We also HAD to order the fried green tomatoes appetizer for the table.  That was amazing!  The crab salad in between each layer of fried green tomatoes was an orgasmic combination.  Highly recommended! For my entree, I had the Wild Salmon cooked medium rare.  It was perfectly cooked, soft and tender in the middle and crispy and flavorful skin on the exterior.  PERFECTO!  The sauce gribiche on top tasted like a mixture of tartar sauce and dijon and enhanced the salmon and sunflower sprout salad.   For dessert, I chose the dark chocolate brownie which was accompanied by sea salt caramel ice cream!  YUM!  The perfect meal for a perfect night with wonderful people! From the first step into the door, the service was great!  The host was very accommodating and took our drink order while we waited in the cozy waiting area.  The server was not invasive in any way.  For the entire night I felt comfortable, relaxed and taken care of.  My glass was never empty and we received all of our courses without waiting a long time nor feeling rushed.   K Restaurant is very cozy and charming inside.  What once was a house in the College Park area is now a fantastic dining experience.
Seated on time for a 7:00pm reservation. Great service. Great food. Absolutely perfect experience. Easily one of the best experiences I've had in the Orlando area. The fried green tomatoes were amazing!
Last night was just that at K's present location.  They are moving to 1710 Edgewater to where there sister restaurant Nonna's is located.   Because of it being their last night, the place was very busy, to say the least.  Unfortunately, that's no excuse for what we encountered.  Before I go any further, let me say that I have never been disappointed at K's before.  Always, a great experience, not to mention wonderful food.  So to last night. It took about 10 min for us to be greeted at the front door.  Yes, they were busy & Kevin did seat us quickly on the other side.  The service was very good.  Unfortunately, I think the kitchen was very overwhelmed.   We started with the hand cut shoestring fries.  They were very well done, but someone in the kitchen had a very, very heavy hand with the salt.  I have no problem with salt & expect them on my fries, but this is was almost overbearing.   It took quite a while after the appetizer for our entrees to arrive.  Because of the wait, they did serve us a nice intermezzo that was quite tasty.  Obviously again, showing that they were swamped in the kitchen. My friend ordered the Filet Mignon to be prepared as rare as possible, which the waiter said would not be a problem.  Well, it came out medium.  Actually, just a little under that, and far from the tenderness that you would expect from a Filet. I ordered the Cod, which was wonderful, but it appears that the same person with the fries must have been seasoning the sauce, because it was so salty. We did say something to the waiter & they were very gracious in removing the Filet Mignon from the check.  Of course, we took it home so my dog had a great bonus last night & today.   With all this said, I'm looking forward to heading back to K's at their new location.  I almost feel bad writing this negative review because this is such a wonderful place & the locals know it! I'm giving K's a 3-star rating & would normally give it more.  I have been waivering on this, but the fact that they so readily removed the filet & that the service was very good considering the crowd - well enough said.
We were recommended to eat here by a group of people we met in a small town wine bar. Be sure to make a reservation ahead of time if you plan on going, otherwise you'll wait a long time. The 1st time we went, the food and the service were great.  But since they changed locations (down the street...no longer next to Harmony restaurant), the service is a lot slower and it is quite noisy inside.  They merged their 2 restaurant (Nonna and K restaurant).  The restaurant on the outside looks quite charming, but inside the tables are very close to each other, and it is hard to carry a conversation without raising your voice and straining your ears. The food itself is quite different and unique. But some of the appetizers/ salads can be very filling. For instance, the Fried Green tomatoes appetizer are creatively put together, and quite tasty, however, it is a very heavy dish and hard to finish. So if you're looking for a light appetizer, I'd go for the bruschetta.  For the bruschetta, it is a light with only a hint of cheese--using mushrooms instead of tomatoes with a lot of flavor; it is a very small light appetizer. As for the salad, we try to go for the dishes that were "unique" to the restaurant.  We tried the K stack tomato and the wild salmon arugula--both were heavy on the salad dressing...we probably should have asked for the dressing on the side.  Also I thought they would use the goat cheese as a garnish, but the K stack tomato is overloaded with goat cheese...it is basically thick layers of goat cheese sandwiched in between slices of tomato.  Also, I drank the K version of a mimosa (mango nectar and champagne)...which was just o-k. I would have ranked this restaurant lower, if it wasn't for the delicious entrees that saved it.  We had the Wild Salmon with roast potato, red beet "hash", and the other dish was a wonderful duck dish (can't remember the name, but it was perfectly prepared); the chef was nice enough to substitute an alternative since my friend was not a  fan of cabbage.  The dishes were the highlight of the meal. In the past we had tried some great desserts here.  They had some interesting ones like: a pear tart, squash ice cream and assorted freshly prepared ice cream /sorbets. So we decided to try the rosemary cake. Unfortunately it was not very tasty.  Its consistency was similar to cornbread--not very moist and grainy and the rosemary flavor was overwhelming.  The waiter saw that we truly did not like the dish and offered to replace it with the Warm Chocolate lava cake which was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Because the first time we ate h ere, it was a lot better; we'll probably give it one more chance...maybe eat there earlier to avoid the noise and ask for the salad dressing on the side if we do get salads.
Awesome....just awesome I love it I would come back forsure!!!!
Had a fantastic dinner with friends recently. I made a reservation through Opentable and thank goodness I did.  Not only was it the last days of Magical Dining month but this place is usually  a popular spot in College Park on a Friday night. It was packed! There were 6 of us and we were seated at a round table in the main dining room. Rocky was our server and wow what a treat! You MUST request him if you ever dine here. He has such a "colorful" sense of humor so don't be alarmed or such a fuddy duddy about it.  Everyone is there to have a good time! We all decided to order a bottle of red and a bottle of white since it would come out cheaper in the long run. Rocky made a point to refill each of our glasses if any looked low. Nice touch!     I decided to go with the MD menu since it was a wonderful value. Started with the fried green tomatoes. My favorite part of the meal. Crispy cornmeal battered green tomatoes layered with some sort of crab /lobster salad I believe. Either way, out of this world! So delicious!!! I ate every single bite and could've had more! :) My entree was the pompano fish over a vegetable succotash. I loved the meatiness of the fish paired with the vegetable medley of corn, Lima beans among other things. A very petite portion but filling.  I ended my meal with a cookie plate . Wow! This is not your grocery store cookie! These were a variety of freshly baked cookies- lemon cookie dusted with confectioners sugar(my favorite), a chocolate coconut macaroon, a pecan shortbread cookie and some sort of chocolate chip cookie.  The "Cookie Monster" came out in me. Simply delicious! If they came with ice cream, it would've been the cherry on top! :) I highly recommend this restaurant if you want a place that cooks farm to table and uses locally sourced ingredients. They put much thought and care into every dish and it shows. It is fairly pricey but worth the dining experience.   This should definitely be on your Orlando restaurant bucket list. Hands down!
All and all it was ok. Food was not as good as I expected especially not for the price.
Upon entering the restaurant on a Friday night, there were quite a few people sitting and standing in the tiny lobby waiting but luckily we made reservations on Open Table and were seated three minutes later after checking in with the hostess. Shortly, we were given bread to munch on as we peruse the menus. Service was prompt and friendly. For the appetizers, I chose the beef tar-tar which came with a truffle aioli, runny egg, and crostini on the side and my boyfriend chose the fried green tomato stack with roasted corn, crab, and mustard dressing.  The beef tar-tar, which I did not finish, was dull compared to the crispiness of the fried green tomato and would not order it again. The gnocchi my boyfriend ordered was cooked perfectly. The pork schnitzel entree with cheesy grits was delicious and I actually had to stop myself from finishing it in order to save room for dessert which by far was my favorite of the night. The bread pudding was simply amazing and I can't even remember what was in it because I ate it so fast. My boyfriend had the smores brownie which had just the right amount of sweetness from the toasted marshmallow on top but I couldn't stop coming back to the bread pudding. The overall dinner was great but can be a bit pricey especially if you get wine. It's a great place to go for a date night but the ambiance isn't as fancy I had envisioned. It was simple and quaint. The ever changing menu would bring me back to try something new but truthfully, I'll be happy with just the bread pudding.
One of the best restaurants in Orlando! I have been here twice and both times I loved everything (as did all of my co-eaters). I grew up in Orlando but have lived in SF & NYC so I am elated that my hometown finally has a restaurant that can compete with any in the US. Open others around town so folks in town can finally taste truly delicious food!
Amazing food
My family and I were staying in Disney for the weekend and decided we'd had enough of the overpriced, mediocre food Disney has to offer. We couldn't have picked a better restaurant, which looks less like a restaurant and more like the 1927 home it used to be. The patio was beautiful with lights strung in the canopy on a quiet Orlando street, definitely off the beaten path. Our server/manager, Stephen, was incredible. His wit was as fast, if not faster than my family's, which is hard to beat once we're rolling. When Stephen forgot which sparkling wine my mom had ordered, he brought her the glass and the rest of the bottle for his forgetfulness! When I was struggling endlessly with which dessert to order (chocolate lava cake or pumpkin cheesecake), he brought me both with one on the house! Although we'd left Disney, I was at a restaurant where dreams come true. Now for the food. Most everything is locally grown and organic and has been for over a decade, before the onslaught of farm to table restaurants arrived. With much needed guidance from Stephen, my family ordered the fried green tomatoes, deviled eggs, fall (kale) salad, beet salad, eggplant parmesan, and the grouper (with butternut squash risotto in curry sauce!). I could go on and on about this food but I'll leave it at there was nothing left on any plate when Stephen took them away. My sister and I finished off with chamomile and green tea that they buy from Infusion Tea located a block down the road. I definitely recommend this restaurant for both the eccentric waiters and the out-of-this-world food. Go to K restaurant whenever you have the chance!
What an amazing experience! I visited on a business trip and am so glad we found this place. We ordered the creole BBQ shrimp... Awesome, I had the lobster Mac 'n' Cheese and French bread pudding for dessert! I would love to eat here again :)
I have been drooling over the photos that K Restaurant posts frequently on facebook way before I finally had the chance to eat there.  My hubby and I decided that this would be the perfect place to celebrate our anniversary and finally went for dinner.  This place is very cozy and romantic.  The server was very attentive and personable.  He brought us each a glass of bubbly to toast to our anniversary on the house! There were so many delicious options to choose from on the menu it was a hard choice.  I started with the chicken liver mousse which was very rich and delicious.  For my entree, I had the wild salmon that was cooked to absolute perfection.  I love salmon and this is really the best salmon I have had at any place.  It was on a bed of succotash of roast corn, fava beans, tomato, and lemon-thyme butter.  My husband had the triple tail fish which was also amazing and had a delicious lobster and risotto mix.  For dessert I had the ricotta cheesecake with a blueberry sauce and it was the perfect finish.  I hope I can go back soon.  I have heard the brunch is great at this place and I look forward to checking it out.
A friend was in town from NYC on a business trip and since work was paying we decided to give this a shot. It was one of my favorite meals in town so far.  We split a cheese plate, and I had a salad while my pal had some sort of mushroom steak thing I think.  We both loved our dinners. The wine list was extensive and they don't skimp on the pour.  The ambiance sitting on the front porch was great, and the staff were buckets of fun!  They had us in stitches laughing all night so we just stayed and kept drinking! Sure it's a little pricey, but worth every penny!
Um, delicious... duh. The pork belly salad I could eat every single day. Holy balls. The size of those chunks, and the best priced pork belly I've seen for the amount. Other than that, 5 of us shared the olive jar and each had an entree, which all satisfied our palates. I love the rotating menus, and our server was on point throughout the whole meal. I wish I lived closer so I could eat here once a week.
I arrived during a weekday around 6 without reservations. The host made note to tell us that he's putting us at a bigger table since the restaurant wasn't so busy. We were one of 2 tables inside the restaurant at the time.  I don't think it was worth mentioning, but whatever makes the host happy. As we sat down, my companion and I were staring at our round table. The table was slanted to one side. We both smiled and decided it was part of the restaurant's charm. Looking at the menu, we decided on the goat cheese tomato salad, pork belly app, filet, and duck. The salad included 2 slices of tomatoes, which were slathered with creamy goat cheese and drizzled with a citrus vinaigrette. That salad was so delicious! The pork belly app was okay. The pork itself was tasty, but the sauteed greens that came with the dish had an undesirable after taste. I noticed the greens left a black residue on the plate, which reminded me of what accumulates on a pan when you cook with old grease. Anyway, next came our filet and duck, both served medium rare. The duck was amazingly tender and so flavorful! I really don't think you can find duck breast as tender as K's, and if you do then please let me know where! The filet on the other hand was charred on one side, which caused a weird texture when eaten. I can see why patrons are excited about the menu, but I find the food to be hit or miss. I think the best part to our experience at K would be the service. Our server was so friendly and attentive that it made our dining experience more enjoyable, thank goodness.
We had an excellent date night dinner at K. I loved the inside decor; very cozy and romantic. They have outside sitting in a front balcony which had a really nice ambiance too. The restaurant was full when we got there at 8:00 pm and was still full when we left around 9:45 pm. We tried the fried green tomatoes stuffed with crab and the BBQ calamari as appetizers. They were both outstanding. It was our first time trying these famous fried green tomatoes and the dish did not dissapoint. For our main course, my BF ordered the filet mignon in a cabernet sauce on top of a potato gratin. The filet was cooked perfectly and the sauce along with the potatoes was the perfect complement to the meat. I ordered the ricotta gnocchi topped with a pork bolognese sauce and parmesan cheese. WOW!!!!! This dish was phenomenal. I love gnocchi and I enjoyed this one but the STAR of the dish was the pork bolognese. I was so full but I could not stop eating it until the meat sauce was gone. I am a sucker for bread pudding, so when they told me they had a French Toast bread pudding I was all in even though I was SO full. And I'm so glad we did! It was very-very-very good, crunchy and soft at the same time, not overpowered with cinammon and came with a wonderful maple ice cream on the side.
I recently went to the Friday Night Flights event that is held once a month during the summer. It was hot as heck, but a lot of fun! The six wines we sampled were very nice. It also helped that Dan and Linda served generous pours. ;) The appetizers were delicious and were paired beautifully with the wines. I can never say no to the Fried Green Tomatoes with Corn Crab Salad. Yummy! I will definitely be back for this month's event, and look forward to the wonderful people I met last time.
Nice location.  Feels homie inside.  The service was excellent, the manager was great and the servers were spot on.  I wish I could give this place a 4 star, but the food......Great food!! But it's not consistent. First time was ok, second time was not.  Most of the dishes were overwhelmed with flavor for the amount of food served.  Smaller portions would work best for the heavier dishes.  They are great to sample on, but overwhelming when they are your main dishes.  It just doesn't give you that desire/ craving to want more and you just end up leaving a little disappointed?? I do like the fact that the whole menu is not always the same and they serve what's in season.  But a very limited change in dishes/ styles for seasonal items. I will come back again to give it another try and try something different/ fresh.  This time something that I don't think will be as heavy to see how I feel about the dish.
It's just a converted old house. Food is wonderful, and service was great. Very College Park. Our server was a guy and he was really nice and attentive. I had the red snapper and my date had the salmon. There was nothing left on our plate when we were done -- fish was very moist and not overcooked, and not over-seasoned. Tasted very healthy and home-cooked. It was a "cute" place, but definitely not something I would impress a new girl with. Although I'd definitely return.
Loved this place! Great ambiance. There squash soup was excellent and the fried green tomatoes. Their menu changes daily because it's fresh :-) they have a a nice garden in the back where they get most of their veggies from and they support local farmers!
This restaurant was unbelievable. Food was extremely fresh and you can tell the care that is put into each dish. A must visit when in Orlando
We went to K last night to celebrate me getting a new job and had a good time. Excellent food and pretty good sized portions for the price. We arrived at 8 pm on a Monday and there were plenty of tables available. The inside is very cozy and romantic. My boyfriend ordered the prix fixe menu which was deviled eggs, hanger steak and pomme frites, and coffee cake with ice cream.  I ate his deviled eggs, so he also got the BBQ calamari. For my entrée I had eggplant parmesan.  Appetizers came out super quick and everything was outstanding. I was pleasantly surprised to get full off the meal, since you often expect small portions at upscale places like this. One note of caution though, the server didn't ask how my boyfriend wanted the hanger steak and it came out very rare. Fine for him since that's how he likes it, but others might want to ask for it more well-done. I'm docking a star for the server, who forgot we ordered dessert and overcharged me by $25 until I pointed it out, and for the tacky cooks who were sitting outside near the parking lot smoking when we pulled up.
K is our favorite 'date night' restaurant, now we can add it to family dining. We enjoyed brunch this morning with our teen. Everyone found something delicious, we all left refreshed, relaxed, and ready for the rest of the weekend. Our service was excellent- AS ALWAYS. We will keep coming back to K Restaurant:)
Once again yelp's reviewers gave it right. I went here while on a business trip and sine I am not familiar with Orlando I relied in yelp for help. Hey that rhymed. I did the same in Gainesville the night before and had an excellent meal. This time I had the fried green tomatoes, tomato stack salad and the red snapper with lobster ravioli and then the bread pudding for dessert. All excellent. Sounds like a lot but I shared the app, salad and dessert with a coworker. Everything is so fresh and locally sourced and the flavors all work. One complaint was the coffee was not the greatest. Oh well it was decaf so I shouldn't be drinking that anyway.
The service was great! But, the food was just good. The portions were a bit big, and I was hoping for smaller quantity for more quality. If you want a bit more privacy, I recommend sitting on the patio if it's not crazy hot.
Always very good.  Food is creative, fresh and very good.  It is a pleasure to sit on the porch in this weather also. Went in the other day for their $5 burger special and it was delicious.  The chips weren't great but the burger is really good.  Service was OK. The bill came with a $1 upcharge which we were not told about.  I guess the $5 burger is really a $6 burger.  It is still a great deal though.
What a great find on Travelzoo!  However, even at full fare I think that the pricing is reasonably considering the excellent quality of food and service.  A++++ We had the BBQ pork over cheesy grits and a cooked-to-perfection filet over a potato casserole.  Excellent!!!  And rthe fried green potatoes were also super as was the peach rhubarb crisp!!! My only thought is that the restaurant needed some background music as some of the other diners talked very loudly. And that was before they started drinking. Overall, I wished I visited Orlando more often as I would eat at K's every visit.   I told our waiter, Chris, that I enjoyed the meal much more than the snooty French Laundry in the Napa Valley - and I meant it.  Big Kudos to the owner/chef!
What an awesome dinner! We had the ceasar salad and the caprese salad. Both were wonderful. The caprese had heirloom tomatoes, which were exactly as I remember tomatoes growing up! Delicious. The ceasar salad didn't have overwhelming dressing as they sometimes do and was scrumptious! The filet's were moth-watering, seasoned wonderfully with a crisp edging and were also perfectly done to medium rare! The mashed potatoes were perfect and, as my BFF commented, "These take just like my grandma's mashed potatoes did!'" Then, dessert was wonderful. We got the lava cake and the lavender infused creme brulee. Both were awesome. We will definitely be coming back. The only negative thing is that for some reason when the restaurant is to capacity it is REALLY loud. My friend and I were almost yelling at each other to have conversation. I don't really know what can help that, because it's a little frustrating. The only other thing that was a little surprising to us was a lack of a varied beer selection. I know that they are primarily a wine bar, but for those who like the beer it's a little limited.
A gem! Located in College Park, K restaurant is a must for those who love great food in a cozy, friendly environment. The food is delicious (the pork belly is amazing!), and the staff is super friendly. If you visit Orlando, you must stop by K.
I came back here after several months with the fiancé. K Restaurant is a fabulous overall experience that scores high across ambiance, service and food. It seems to cater to a local crowd and, to be sure, I never would have found my way here without yelp. The restaurant is a comfortable converted former home decorated in a 'red lips' contemporary art motif that gives it a bordello-like feel. Indeed, sitting down here one feels miles away from Disney and the major chains. Service is outstanding. The chef/owner is very visible and very hands on, and that approach ripples on down. The wait staff is always on point and highly knowledgeable. I've long lamented that new American doesn't mean anything anymore. Having mac and cheese anywhere on the menu seems like the primary qualification. At K it encompasses Southern (fried green tomatoes),  Italian American (eggplant parm, Mac and cheese has Italian sausage) and French (duck l'orange). You really can't go wrong here. The salads (especially the beet and the BLT) and appetizers (calamari with a twist - in curry) are real stars in their own right here, so sampling multiple and sharing an entree is a solid strategy here).
Lets start with the positives: Deviled eggs were tasty. The green tomatoes were a pleasant dish. Wedge salad was a typical wedge (you can't not enjoy a wedge). The bummers: Cheese platter choices are limited. Bread crisps were rock hard. Cramped dining table areas for couples. Pork was drowning in sauce.  The 2006 Hortevie kept me from not enjoying my time there.
We are so happy to have one of Orlando's best restaurants right in our neighborhood. Food and service are both excellent... but no liquor. You'll have to make do with beer and wine.
the chicken liver appetizer was huge, could feed the table. The fried green tomato is as good as they say it is!! The beet salad was De-lish! I had the grouper, seemed a little overcooked, and the eggplant parmesan was average. The service was great!
I've been to K three times now and each time the food has been amazing. When friends come in from out of town, this is the restaurant I send them to for a great meal. My favorite meal so far? I recommend the friend green tomatoes as an appetizer, the duck as the entree, and for dessert the pecan pie. Yum!
Its a shame that after reading the reviews that I almost  did not get to try the food. Reservations for 3  were made there by my daughter who had been there numerous times before I checked out the menu on the internet but then was informed that the menu changes , So I called K at 6:32 on the evening that we had reservations and spoke to Allison. I explained to her that I had reservations for later that evening and would like her to either fax me a copy of this evenings menu so that I can pre select my choices or at least tell me what the entrees were. She told me that she could not do that as she was busy, that it was a Saturday evening. I guess that I don't understand her concept of customer service but at this point I  decided to not go based on the interaction with Allison. My daughter changed my mind and spoke to a manager Steven  Rock who apologized and asked us to try their food and informed the chef/owner(kevin)who  e mailed a menu over to us, I have got to say  I was glad that I did . The food was fabulous. We started with the squash blossoms (tempura fried and filled with ricotta) that were extremely good and we also had the creole shrimp which were small sweet shrimp that rested on grits with a creole spice broth. There was also enough broth left to dip some of their fresh delicious bread into to mop op the plate, This alone was worth coming there, We had the pleasure of having the manager Steven Rock wait on us. He was appreciative of us giving them a second chance, He was informative of the history of K's, knowledgeable of the ingredients, spoke highly of the local purveyors and their quality and felt very comfortable of making suggestions. Steven had suggested the roasted chicken as they were already sold out of the bacon wrapped haddock, We both had the chicken that was perfectly roasted on a bed of bacon  sweet corn and Brussel sprouts that brought a fantastic taste to our  palette. We also had a half order of the macaroni and cheese which was very good and easily would of served three people. After reading the reviews at home and listening to the guest at the adjoining table , we split a order of the French toast bread pudding. what a delight and awesome way to end this culinary wonderment. Bottom line: the food was superb and will be worth coming back for, Service was great and I had forgotten about the bad initial contact with what's her name and only could remember the fresh, delicious farm to table food, I cant wait to try their lunch on Tuesday  and make another dinner reservation for next week.
I'm new to the area and I think I've already found my favorite restaurant. Best food I've had in a long time. Deserts are on point! I've been here many times and have yet to find something that wasn't excellent. The reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I wish it had a different atmosphere. It's the kind of place I can't wait to go on a date but will stick to going in the earlier hours with a friend. Oh well! Perfect otherwise.
K is one of the most intimate, romantic restaurant in town. I still remember the very first dish I ate there -- a penne alla vodka shrimp pasta. I remember the taste, the smell, and the look of it nearly five years later. The service is great, too. The only "problem" I've ever encountered is the first time we decided to dine at K, they were out of nearly every single wine we attempted to order. After about six tries, we had to say, "Okay, what DO you have?!" since they were out of everything.
Hands down, the best restaurant in Orlando. Lovely room, wonderful staff. And the food was superb, some of the best I've ever had. This chef-owned gem is worth a journey.
K is a great place and I've been going for quite sometime.  Their burgers are simply awesome.  I also enjoyed their Buffalo Chicken sandwich until today, when they took it off their menu!  They also took their chips off the menu!  I was bummed!  Who wants a burger with a salad?   I hope the restaurant changes this and puts the chips back on the menu. On the flip side, they always have a quality local brew selection (today was Cigar City).
