We checked this place out after lunch at the Rusty Spoons and decided we had to come back and give ti a try. Everything was okay, not blown away BUT if you work downtown or are down there for something it is a nice alternative to the pub type venues. I had expected more from it and will try the breakfast some weekend.  I had a Fried Green Tomato Sandwich (to which I added bacon). The tomatoes were fried perfectly, the aoli was tasty, I question the use of what looks like a store bought Hawaiian roll but it worked. The side salad was slightly over dressed.  We also tried the Kalbi Beef Cheesesteak. Thought the beef could be a little more charred, and there is a lot on the plate. It is a two meals worth sandwich, so it has that going for it.  Service was excellent, we had ordered the ramen after hearing rave reviews but apparently it was not a complete dish today (missing some ingredients, so it mostly tasted like ginger. The duck confit lost its flavor in the soup, but there was a nice portion of it along with mushrooms.  The manager realized that we were not pleased and provided us with a different dish (that is good service). The menu reads well, and food is presented well but taste wise, its just okay.  .  Again, I see it as a reliable place for downtown folks, but for me it is not a destination restaurant
Great new restaurant downtown. They do have a few minor issues that they need to solve including the payment system during lunch but other than that the food was good and the atmosphere and location are great. They are also very reasonably priced. I had the fried chicken sandwich with cous cous salad. The sandwich was great with a nice aoli and it is actually a full chicken breast. This is definitely one of the better places to eat in downtown orlando and I'll be back.
Stopped in to pick up a to go order today on my way to work. The guy who took my order was very helpful and read off some of the menu items until I heard something that sounded good. Ended up ordering the short ribs with cream corn, crispy onions, and blueberry sauce/glaze and the simmered calamari - cooked in a red sauce with chickpeas and a baby arugula Salad. The woman who greeted me was somewhat cold and didn't seem to care to be too much about being friendly - instead it felt like the priority was to get me out the door. Also, at the last moment I ordered an Oatmeal Raisin cookie (from the desserts on display on the front counter) but, when I got to work, it turns out a got a peanut butter cookie instead :/ The calamari was well cooked and the addition of the chickpea texture added a nice touch to the dish. The dish didn't feel completely cohesive - feeling like a bunch of ingredients in a dish by the end of the it. In contrast, though, the short rib dish was fantastic. The meat was cooked perfectly - I was able to cut the ribs with my plastic fork. The combination of the cream corn with the sweetness of the blueberries worked surprisingly well and I found myself scraping the bottom of the plate, wanting more. Overall, the short amount of service I received was mixed, the quality of the food was fantastic, and taste of the dishes was above average. Very happy with my experience and will definitely dine in when I get the chance as the ambiance of the restaurant seemed alluring and the food was good enough to recommend.
We had a wonderful dinner and the service was top notch. The theme is definitely farm to table with a touch or gourmet swank. We ordered four appetizers and they were all excellent. My short rib burger was only so so but that's what I get for ordering just a burger at a nice restaurant. This place is definitely a reason to come downtown on the weekend!
My wife and I decided to try Artisan's Table for dinner before a concert. We were incredibly happy with everything from appetizer to dessert. It's always great to eat at a restaurant that takes pride in their food and Artisan's Table does that. Highly recommended!
I don't even want to write a good review of this place for fear that lots people will start coming and it will get too crowded. Tried this place out for lunch on a whim today after seeing other good reviews. So here are some things that I love about the Artisan's Table. I love that you place your order and pay upfront at the counter. You don't have to wait for a check at the end of your meal. The food options are very different from what you find in downtown Orlando, like breakfast being served until 3pm daily, LOVE. Even though the menu sounds like it could be a tad bit pretentious...it was not. I was surprised at how easy-going the atmosphere felt in this restaurant and the servers were really attentive.  I had the Kalbi Cheesesteak sandwich with a side of salad greens. The balance of sweet, salty, and spicy was perfect in this Korean beef sandwich. It came on a buttered baguette with gruyere cheese, red pepper, radish, caramelized onions, arugula, and sriracha ketchup. Also this place has happy hour all day long in the bar. Can't wait to try more menu items and dinner here.
My boyfriend and I came to Artisan's Table for our first time for lunch today and sat at the bar. We were hoping for outdoor seating but apparently that will come at a later date. Lunch service is casual (you order at the counter) but for dinner they have table service. We didn't order cocktails but opted for items from their extensive coffee bar menu. I got a chai latte (amazing) and my boyfriend ordered the cold brew coffee (note: this is NOT iced coffee) with condensed milk, which was a great suggestion by our bartender, Emilie. If you're a cold coffee drinker, you MUST try their cold brew coffee. You can't miss the giant glassware brewer when you first walk in. It's beautiful! We were both in the mood for sandwiches so we decided to order the Kalbi Cheesesteak with fries ($10) and the Grilled Gorgonzola with a side salad ($6) and split them. Both were delicious. Personally I liked the Grilled Gorgonzola more than the cheesesteak. It was simple but each ingredient stood out and worked together very well. The Cheesesteak had more bread than I was in the mood for and could have used more filling. We had a little bit of room left so we got the chocolate cheesecake with pretzel crust. It wasn't heavy like typical cheesecakes but almost more like a mousse. The pretzel crust added a nice touch of salt. We will definitely be back, hopefully for dinner!
No other place downtown has gotten my business as frequently as Artisan's Table.  I've been there for brunch, dinner, and cocktails at the bar.  I feel genuinely welcomed when I arrive and throughout my dining experience.  The food has consistently been fresh-tasting and visually appetizing.  You're basically getting Ravenous Pig-quality food at much better prices.  Also, the staff and even the clientelle don't give off that pretentiousness that I've seen at restaurants around town.  I want to see this place continue to succeed, because it's a great place to go any time of the day for quality food, great atmosphere, and affordable prices.
Loved the atmosphere and we had really good service! Unfortunately, they were out of a few items we wanted to order. The Artisans Mule was delicious--lots of ginger. I would recommend the porchetta and the lamb gnocchi entrees. Skip the duck pierogies. The calamari salad was tasty and so was the fried green tomatoes appetizer. I would like to try this place again.
Had the Cioppino and Short Ribs. Outstanding!
I went back for lunch a few weeks later and everything was great.  Monica, the manager, took great care of us and was extremely accommodating.  The food came out quickly and was cooked to perfection.  This is definitely a great place for most occasions, whether it be a quick lunch, after-work drinks, or a birthday dinner with friends. I look forward to visiting again, soon!
I've been there twice and the food was amazing! I've had seared pork loin and the beef brisket and both were great. The seared pork loin was seasoned very well and the brussel sprouts (never liked brussel sprouts!) was soft and tasty. The beef brisket was very juicy and tender. The serving size for both dishes were great and I felt full after each meal. The only negative that I experienced both time I was there was the drink service. I believe their under staff at the moment so we had to wait a good 5-10 mins for our cocktails. But other than this minor issue, this place will be one of my favorite places to eat in town.
I am very hesitant to give a 5/5 after only one visit, but I just can't help myself. Food: 5/5, I enjoyed/ravaged the Japanese breakfast bowl ($6.5) with some added habanero sauce. While eating my breakfast bowl I thought "Tawagoto! I could've got an astonishing Kalbi Cheesesteak sandwich or a Turkey Sloppy Joe or a Grilled Gorgonzola or a Curried Egg Salad wrap...." You get the idea. They all look incredibly delicious and edible in text form, so I can only imagine how great they are once turned into tangible objects. But, the point is not that these things are probably quite delicious - which they are - the point is that what I received was fantastic. I probably wrote a bit much for the food section, so I will try to be concise with the rest of this. Service: 5/5, very attentive and only took between 2-5 minutes to receive everything. This is New York speed. Price: fair $6-12 for staggeringly good food Establishment: nice Couch: present, brown, and comfortable. Would probably pleasantly fit a supine person up to 6'2. Maybe next time I'll take a nap there and have an updated couch review. What else do you need from me? A Super Bowl ad telling you to get up off your couch and go to theirs? Just go.
This place is amazing !!! I just went down to down town orlando and were hungry. Found this place on yelp and the reviews did not lie !! There were 4 of us and we were all sampling everyones food and drinks. No one had a meal that we all didn't love. I got the ham and cheese pancakes and I have to say the pancakes were the best out of them all though. Everyone had bloody Mary's with there picked unions those were amazing. I had there house tequila that had been cold brewed though coffee grounds on ice. I had just had to try and it was amazing. Every time I'm in Orlando we will be stopping here !
Yummy food with outstanding service. We had breakfast here and loved the Japanese style bowl, rich tasting coffee and awesome pecan smoked bacon. Delicious and fresh. Our waiter was super attentive with a sincere focus on making sure we were happy. Check it out, I would go back for sure!
VERY rare for me to give 5 stars.   Literally, the food and service need to be out of this world.   ( Sort of like getting a "10" in a gymnastics event! )  But Artisans Table exemplifies the best Orlando has to offer.   Wonderful ambience,  attentive but not fawning service and literally some of the best food I've had in months.   A friend and I split the baked feta appetizer with olives and sundried tomatoes.   The cheese was perfectly balanced by the olives, tomatoes and a hint of garlic.   I had the roasted pork for dinner and it was quite literally, PERFECTLY cooked.   Very difficult to get pork tenderloins both so done AND so tender/juicy.   My friend had the prime rib brochette which was as tender as butter.   I used a Travelzoo coupon on this visit but have no problem going back and paying full price.   At Artisans Table,  one definitely gets value for one's money.
Great spot for lunch in Downtown Orlando! That's when I came anyways but I can only imagine their breakfast, brunch and dinner being equally exquisite. I was really at a loss of what to order! There were so many tempting options but I went with something that I had never seen on a menu before: Zucchini Salad with Ricotta Fritters (with some grilled chicken added to the mix). What I got was a delicious and super filling plate of what can only be described as chicken parmesan pasta with a healthy twist. Instead of parmesan you get ricotta, no breading on the chicken and, of course, instead of noodles, you get ZOODLES (zucchini noodles). Everything tasted super fresh and those ricotta fritters are dangerously addicting if you're a cheese lover like myself. Even though you order at the counter, there was super attentive waitstaff ready to refill my drink almost constantly and check on us throughout our meal. Would definitely add this to my rotation of Orlando stops.
Just wow. I've been here a few times now, and every time the experience has been top-notch. This is just a great eatery that cares about food, service, creativity, and the customer. The menu is ever-changing, so everyone should take a cue (or two) from the service staff. I feel like pretty much an idiot for not having had breakfast or brunch here yet! Compliments to the $5 Artisan's Mule, the espresso, the simmered calimari, the burger, the homemade caesar dressing, that Ramen bowl thingy, the Short Rib flatbread. And yes, compliments even to the leather couch lounge area near the bar. The service is very professional without being pretentious; you get that "I'm happy I work here" vibe. Very simple, "modern rustic" decor. The presentation of the food is picturesque - and even with the freshness and good execution of the food, the prices are very reasonable. A place like this can contribute so much to the downtown Orlando scene, so hopefully the rest of Orlando supports it so they stick around!
Came here with a table full of some of the best folks I know. But as awesome as the company was - the food (and service for that matter) really held their own for a 5 star experience. Short Rib Flatbread - These were star of the show - for me at least. Delicious warm, fluffy flatbread with chunks of short rib - some greens and something else I am forgetting. It was amazing. Fried Green Tomatoes - a close second. Really good. Seared Pork Loin - Great entree. It was filling and the pork was done perfectly. Mashed potatoes - I remember these being ridiculously good. I know I'm forgetting a few things - we ordered a ton of stuff and shared. The service was impeccable. Super fast, nice and just the right amount of "checking in" on us. The place is super well decorated. A modern rustic decor is what I think another Yelper called it. Pretty much. Great experience and will certainly be back when in ORL.
I have been wanting to go here since opened, but haven't really had the opportunity. I decided to come here on a date night with my other half, we were in the middle of a diet so we tried to be good, but that totally went to hell once we saw that menu! OH MY GOD! I actually wished I could have ordered 3 appetizers and 4 entrees for myself! I didn't though, don't worry. Now I know the menu changes a lot, like every 4 days, which is really cool because it never gets boring and really sad because you can't get attached to any favorite dishes. Here's what we got: One appetizer called the Chorizo Tostada, the waiter said it was spicy, but it really wasn't, IT WAS JUST HEAVEN. I wouldn't lie to you guys, heaven, there were two flat crunchy tacos with generous helping of chorizo, delicious guacamole, sour cream and maybe some salsa, whatever, it was perfect, I could have had that for the entree. A pork loin entree - it came with a brussel sprout and potato hash and a blueberry jam. The pork loin was so moist, tender, sweet, savory, fantastic, every bite was delicious and it never got boring, the whole plate was finished and cleaned. He usually doesn't  go for pork in restaurants, but he decided to take a risk with it and was so pleasantly surprised. I played it a little safer (and diet conscious) and got the salmon entree - It came with a chickpea and lentil salad which was really good and fresh. They ask how you want your salmon cooked and then they cook it to perfection. Even though I was super full from the tostada, I still finished the plate (the exact opposite of what my diet would have wanted me to do) We were good however and didn't get wine and dessert which, although we were proud of ourselves for, is sad because those are my favorites. The setting is really nice, romantic, dark, clean, open. I would absolutely recommend this place for anyone, especially for a date, what a great date place!
Talk about customer service! After ordering a sandwich I wasn't terribly excited about, the GM came to my table to offer me a modified version of my favorite sandwich. The whole experience was fantastic! I am so happy to update my review.
This is what Downtown Orlando needed. This is probably in my top 2 downtown restaurants. Very nicely decorated and I have yet to have a bad meal here. Their dishes are unique and extremely flavorful -- you can tell they have put the time in to perfect these recipes. I have been for brunch and dinner and would recommend this to anyone looking for a classy and delicious meal downtown. Keep up the good work Artisans Table, I hope they are around for a very long time. 5 Star experience
Another hidden gem discovered thanks to the Yelp community!  I couldn't be more pleased with our Sunday breakfast/Brunch today.  Where do I start?   Restaurant name = Perfectly describes what's going on here Cleanliness = 5 stars plus Ambiance = Very hip, cool decor, I felt like I was on a date for breakfast Service = from the hostess to our Server, Jeremy it was 5+++ all the day Menu = Easy to read understandable menu with varied offerings Food = Amazing, scratch made food served with care Service = I mentioned it before but we totally felt like VIP customers/water service was above average Price = The term dirt cheap seems out of place but it was only $12.65 for two for a full breakfast, that's pretty darned good considering this felt like fine dining (previous week's brunch at Trevi/College park was $29 for just walk up service and paper napkins) Other=Tables, chairs, plates, glasses, cutlery and cloth napkins = LOVE I've only been here once for breakfast.  I ordered the Quiche of the day.  Huge portion which came with a nice side salad.  My husband ordered the Egg and cheddar cheese sandwich on a croissant with Bacon.  Again, Huge.  Plenty of food and we had no leftovers..who wants to take a doggy bag home for breakfast anyway? Both meals were delicious.  I'm a quiche snob and this was one of the best I've ever had.  My husbands eggs were cooked perfectly.  I really wanted to try the Japanese breakfast bowl which I will next time for sure. Trust your fellow Yelpers and check Artisan's Table out, I mean immediately!  I want this restaurant to last.
Found this restaurant on yelp while walking around Downtown looking for a good lunch spot. Being from California, I do not know the area well. I am glad we came here. The chicken sandwich was probably the best I've ever had. My girlfriend had the "Breakfast in Bed" which was also absolutely delicious. Our waiter Reid was extremely helpful and went above and beyond to find a bottle of coke for my girlfriend as their C02 tank was not working. Great establishment and highly recommended.
We found this place randomly on a Sunday before a movie (this was probably 3 months ago or so, I'm terrible at remembering to review places, whatever).  No one was in there because I'm assuming it just opened.  We gave it a shot and we like what we saw.  It was brunch time, and we sat at the bar because they have a $5 drink menu.   We got some Bloody Mary's and asked to make them spicy.  They brought out their homemade habenero sauce, and DAMN, it's got a good kick.  My boyfriend ordered the ungraded brunch bloody (he's so fancy) and it came with pickled veg and bacon.  He got the salmon hash and loved it.  I'm not a huge salmon person, but I tried it and it was tasty.  I got the ham and cheese pancakes and they were yummy. We also tried the tequilaccino and it was amazing!  They make their own coffee infused tequila in-house, and it is awesome.  We ordered some just for sipping as an after brunch drink. Since that time, I've been back twice for brunch and the food and drink are still quality. I've ordered the mimosa with pineapple violet, and it is one of the best combinations I've tried with a mimosa.  I wasn't a fan of the southern style bowl, but I think that's because I was not sure what I ordered (I saw chorizo and went for it).  My other friends really enjoyed the Japanese style bowl, and it seems to be a crowd favorite here. Our bartender's every time have been super helpful.  The only problem I ever ran into was they ran out of Bloody Mary's one Sunday.  In their defense, it was super packed with two huge birthday parties.  And quite, honestly, if they hadn't run out, I would have never tried that yummy pineapple violet mimosa.  I have already put this on my downtown brunch go to, and am looking forward to trying the dinner menu.
Very fantastic dining experience. This is probably the best wait staff I have experienced in Orlando and the food leaves absolutely nothing to be desired. I've now been here for breakfast a few times and dinner once. The breakfast is simply a must try. Ask for V, she is awesome.
AMAZING! Started off at the bar with the $5 all day long happy hour at the bar. Red wine for me and Bloody Mary for my man. The wine smelled and tasted a little off so after the bartender let me taste I mentioned it, he tasted it, agreed and opened a fresh bottle..perfect! Next, fried green tomatoes..thick Canadian bacon, great tomatoes and perfectly fried green tomatoes! We asked for extra grain mustard vinaigrette! Following we ordered the basmati rice which was perfect..(my man is Asian;) and the prime rib with German potatoe salad..also perfect! We were talked into trying the cafe tequila (made in house) by a gentlemen next to us..amazing as well! We finished with the hazelnut afragato (frangelica, espresso, and gelato) which I drank out of the bowl it was so good! Great experience! We will def be back! (Worth finding parking for!)
Stopped in for breakfast at around 10 on a Sunday morning and it was almost completely empty. I'm definitely surprised considering how good our meal was. Lots of healthy meal options. Smoothies made with organic fruit. I had the "Breakfast in Bread" and thought it was delicious. Shared the side of potatoes with my husband, they were nothing special but certainly tasty. Good coffee and good prices too.
I had really high hopes for this restaurant based on the reviews but I was pretty disappointed. I dined here on Friday night at 7pm for a Girl's Night Out. We made reservations and were promptly seated. The restaurant was still empty, it didn't fill up until after 8pm. Our server was excellent. I don't remember his name, but he was fantastic, I have no complaints. We ordered red sangria. It was $5 for a small glass and $9 for a large glass. We opted for the large glass since sangria comes with ice. It was just ok, not bad but not good enough to order again. In fact, no one else in my party ordered a second glass. Myself and another girl in my party ordered the much raved about Artisan Burger with parmesan fries.  It was...a burger.  I thought about ordering it medium because most restaurants overcook their burgers and I actually wanted it medium well. The server promised me he's never had anyone send their burger back for incorrect temperature, so I went ahead and ordered it medium well. It came out well done. I didn't want to ruin his winning steak, so I decided not to send it back, plus I was hungry. The highlight of the burger was the bacon mixed in with the honey mustard, making it sweet and salty. Other than that, it was mediocre. The parmesan fries were also just ok, nothing special. I believe the burger is priced at $12 and not worth it since you can get a better burger at several other places downtown. While I can't go into detail about the other items on their menu, the other two girls in my party split 4 appetizers and they liked 2 of them and didn't like 2 of them.  So I guess you can say they had a 50% satisfaction rate.   Halfway through our meal, the manager stopped by to check on us, so that was a nice gesture. I gave Artisan's Table 2 stars instead of 1 because the service and ambiance was good, so not a total failure.
This updated  review is reflective of the "service" part of our visit today---------I'm disappointed in our most recent visit and really hate writing reviews like this. I've been here numerous times in the past and this was my husband's second time. But after today, my husband has no desire to ever go back.   We requested table service when we walked in and were seated promptly.  That's when the service ended.  After browsing through the menu quickly, we waited for someone to acknowledge us to take our orders.  Annnnnd waited.  There were several tables around us but in no way was the restaurant packed. I counted 5 servers throughout the restaurant clearing off tables and checking on customers so I trusted that someone would see us sitting there and approach us. There was even a server that bent down to pick up something off the floor next to our table and then kept right on walking. I was already on limited time and we had already wasted about 10 minutes waiting. My husband started running the timer on his cell phone as a joke and it was ridiculous at that point.....the clock kept ticking away and still no one came to approach us.    And that's when we both got up and left. Not sure what was going on today but I know this restaurant is better than that. If you see diners sitting and waiting, at least make the effort to acknowledge them even if you are on the way to put in an order for another table. That would've made all the difference in whether we decided to stay or leave.   Hope they see this review and step up their game next time......
This was my first time back at this downtown location since it was a DIY gourmet hamburger restaurant, and it was a very pleasant surprise. The layout is pretty much the same, but under the Artisan's Table name this is a culinary delight! We started with the Chorizo Tostadas appetizer (excellent recommendation) and then had the Pan Roasted Salmon and Blackened Flank Steak entrees. Both were delicious, the steak was wonderfully prepared and the grilled veggies that I substituted in (doing the low carb thing right now) were some of the best I've had. Service was attentive and friendly, food exceeded our expectations, all in all it was a great experience!
My wife and I had a wonderful dinner here before a concert at The Beachem theater which is just a block away. Each course was wonderful. The waiter helped with our selections giving us suggestions as well as fuller descriptions of the menu items. The cocktail menu was superb, the wines by the glass were good though a bit pricey. We could have easily chosen a number of other items on the menu that sounded wonderful. We shared an appetizer, a salad, an entrée, and a desert, along with drinks the tab came to a bit over $100. Not cheap but well worth it. We'll be back.
Looking for a coffee and stayed for drinks! An unexpected find after a day of exploring. Elliott had us at homemade simple syrup. Loved the fabulous tasting education that Elliott gave us and the Aviation was their perfect drink for a hot day!
Just tried their fried green tomato sandwich and it was a revelation! Sweet Hawaiian-style bread and homemade aioli. Mmmmm I paired it with their daily soup which was pork belly and lentils. Very rich and very very good! The kind of soup that makes you wish you were in bed on a rainy day... Whatever that means... Also had the Thai Tea. Not the best I've had, but certainly better than a lot of the overly sweetened versions around town.
Came here for breakfast on Sunday morning, I didn't see it pop up on yelp but my boyfriend and I SMELLED it while parking and decided to go in. Boy were we pleased!!! Wonderful service, awesome selection of beverages and the food items are not your traditional breakfast items!! You can tell everything was freshly made, and the prices were AWESOME!
Service was quick and friendly! I got the ham and cheddar pancakes and they were amazing!! Great spot for brunch!
We went here recently for breakfast/brunch and were pleasantly surprised. I hadn't heard much about this place, so I went in with an open mind. The staff easily accomodated our large group of about 12 people. The decor was really nice, although it really reminded me of a simpler version of Cask n Larder in Winter Park, with the color schemes and layout. I had the Huevos Rancheros breakfast bowl and was really impressed. It burst with flavor, both smokey/spicey and a hint of sweet. While I say spicy, I don't mean hot, which was fine. Everything went really well together. The staff was very polite and attentive. I'd like to go back and sample some lunch or dinner items soon so I can get a better idea of what it's really like. However, first impression was very very good!
I really would like to see this place succeed. Their food is consistently fresh and delicious. Orlando is a bit behind on the food seen but Artisans Table is one of the few exceptions. I will be back.
This review is for lunch... I have yet to check out Artisan's Table for dinner. Such a cute place!  You have the OPTION of ordering at the counter, but don't have to.  We opted to take a seat and take our time looking over the menu and enjoy the people watching (lots of window seats along Pine!) The food was excellent: I ordered a curried egg salad wrap that came with a side salad.. and it was all wonderful - the best part is you can eat a great lunch here for less than it costs to eat at Panera. The service was on point and our food came quickly and all orders were correct.. no complaints there. All in all, good food and good prices for lunch.  The only issue is that the dining room is very open... I could see noise being an issue if you came at a busy time and were hoping to have a business lunch. I would also not recommend it for groups larger than 4-6.
The food is amazing here!  Their menu changes frequently, which is a plus because their chefs are very creative. Some of the best I've had: zucchini manchega fritters, gorgonzola chips, chorizo tostados, and the peanut butter hazelnut ice cream.  Also, Garrett the bartender is a crafty alcohol genius who makes fantastic beverages.
Welcome to what is the 4th establishment to occupy this cursed location. Seems like everyone who moves shop here is out of business in 6 months. I work in the same building and we have them cater to us occasionally as well as I've popped in twice downstairs to see how it measures up to the old Pine22 restaurant. Don't let the nice establishment / New American style menu or the attractive women who work there lure you in. Because that's as far as this trick pony goes. The food is pretty awful and everything we ordered came out cold. Not even remotely warm. Also how do you mess up BACON?!?! I've tried the place twice and I've picked at the random work catering and well...the place is mediocre and food taste like something you can make on your home kitchen counter w/o any previous kitchen experience. My suggestion is to keep walking down Orange and try any of the other dozens of places begging for your lunchtime revenue. For what it's worth I'd rather eat here than Pita Pitt...
I think this place is pretty solid for brunch and lunch. Came with a group of friends and it was pretty enjoyable. They have a pretty extensive menu and lots of interesting choices so I tried the Pork belly BLT. The sandwich was delicious and had good flavor. The fries were also reakky good and didn't last long. The reason this place doesn't have more stars is mostly because the service was slow and it would take quite a while to get items we requested. Also, my friends and I like to sample each other's food, and while most of it was great, a couple of dishes could use some work. Some of their Asian-inspired dishes are a little iffy. All in all, solid place, good experience.
I don't want to overhype this restaurant. But, it's fantastic. The whole experience was easy and fun and totally delicious.  Especially with the hours of 8 am to 12am daily--breakfast, lunch and dinner--this is a WONDERFUL addition to downtown Orlando. To me, the space and feel of a restaurant is a very important part of the experience.  Artisans Table is totally stylish without being fussy. And it was done by a real design team (a lot of independents tend to cut corners in the design of a space and it comes out looking like a bad toupee.)   This restaurant is NOT that.  For some reason that I can't really place, this space made me feel a bit like being in London. The food was fresh, and the menu was eclectic and interesting without being precious. We went for dinner.  Among other things, I had salmon, a nice fresh salad, and a sharable side portion of stewed okra.... To die for.  My friend loved the Korean Vegetable Pancakes and the 3 Pea Salad.  The hamburger at a nearby table looked like something out of Bon Appetit. The prices were reasonable and our server was impeccable.
A great replacement for Pine 22. My fiancee went with the Bite30 Menu: Tater Tot Poutine Pork Ossobuco Tender and fatty.  Don't forget to dig out the bone marrow in the bone! Blueberry Shortcake I went with the normal menu: Fried Green Tomatoes Loved the crust on the fried green tomatoes.  Everything came together really well with the shrimp, horseradish remoulade, and arugula-fennel salad. Short Rib The short rib was very tender and moist. It didn't seem to be seasoned much, but I don't think it needed to be. The blueberry-balsamic glaze complimented the short rib. It came on a bed of creamed corn and topped with fried vidalia onions. Sorbet The trio consisted of Lemon-Lime, Mixed Berry, and Passion Fruit. The menu stated Rhubard, but they brought it out with the passion fruit instead. I was curious about the Rhubard, maybe they ran out or something else was mixed up.  No matter, they were all good. The lemon-lime was a bit strong. The mixed berry was perfect. Portions are very generous here.  Even on the Bite30 they seemed to serve the typical portions. Service was friendly and prompt.
Absolutely blown away by this restaurant. All of the flavor combinations were terrific. Reasonably priced for the large portion received. Don't miss the cocktails. Fabulous service also.
I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed with anything in terms of service, ambiance, or quality. The menu changes frequently and is always full of delicious and unique dishes that are to die for! They also do an "all day happy hour special" with several awesome craft cocktails to choose from. Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed!
My business partners and our wives dined  here last week. We had a fantastic meal. I highly recommend the arugula salad with crispy pork belly on top "not on menu". Victoria was our bartender and host, you have to ask for her to enjoy the full experience. I can't wait to return with friends!
I was very pleased with my visit. I am always hesitant to eat downtown due to the high traffic allowing for a slack in service as well as food. I was surprised at how well the entire business as a whole is executed. The ambiance is fabulous. I would describe it as modern chic with a rustic touch. The service is unrivaled! If there's one thing I hate, it's having to flag down a server, you won't find that to be a problem here. My husband guzzles water & they never let the water is our glasses reach below a third empty. The chef is amazing! Gluten free options available as well as gluten free substitutions for SEVERAL of the menu items! I was so happy that I had such a variety! The food was SO good! & on top of that, the prices weren't bad! Some businesses just don't know their passion for their product, this one exudes excellence in all that they do. You can really feel that they love what they do, & it makes all the difference.
It's ALMOST unfortunate that I found this place so soon after moving to Orlando, because now I won't want to go anywhere else. Ever. For anything. I decided to take advantage of the Orlando Bite30 $10 lunch promotion as a study break from the library nearby. I was dining alone and opted, as I usually do, for the bar. I had a delicious housemade Bloody Mary with the eggplant strata. I cannot decide what I liked most--the perfectly mixed drink, the savory and flavorful strata, or (I know) the on-point dressing the stagione salad came with. I would not have changed a thing. My waitress/bartender was a delight and I got to chat with the manager for quite a while. They were sweet to chat with me while I hung out at the bar, and the more I found out about the place the more I liked it. They have an incredibly well synced program for a place that just celebrated 3 months open. Breakfast offered until 3, housemade coffee-infused tequila, ALL DAY happy hour at the bar (the $5 drink selection is criminal)...honestly cannot stop smiling since that meal. A downtown gem. A glowing representation of the Orlando dining scene.
I tried this place out with two friends for Bite 30, but ended up ordering off the regular menu. Parking: Unless you're working locally downtown, expect to pay a lot for parking and have to walk several blocks.  That doesn't bother me, but it's a sticking point for some.  I also did need to have google maps out showing walking directions as there isn't a very big sign for the restaurant itself and you have to walk up steps into a building to get to it. Decor/Atmosphere: it's very, very beautiful here.  The colors are tasteful, there's a private meeting room, and the use of natural light during the day made for a lovely meal. Menu: a smaller menu with seemingly a lot of different cuisines.  There were breakfast choices, Vietnamese, traditional american and some spanish inspired flavors.  It was a bit confusing, but I enjoyed the selection.  Upon arriving and attempting to order several things, we were told about 3 different menu items weren't available that day, or had been removed from the menu.  I dined here about two weeks ago, and those items that are 'no longer on the menu' are still listed on the website. Service: I realize this place opened just a few months ago, but we seemed to get the brand new server who hadn't been trained properly.  She wasn't sure about a lot of the menu, had to check with another server several times about things, forgot appetizers and took about 15 minutes with drinks.  Towards the middle of the meal a manager and other server seemed to take over the table as she didn't come back.  I'd suggest training the servers just a bit more before setting them loose. Food: We had the Pho, the blackened Flank Steak, and a turkey sandwich.  I got to try the Pho and the Flank Steak.  The flank was underseasoned but prepared well, and it was served with a tomato-chipotle salsa which was lovely and full of flavor.  The creme fraiche was a nice addition to the heat of the dish.  The Pho was cooked to perfection - a poached egg on top, a delicious broth, and it was gorgeous.  We ordered a Thai iced tea and an Innus and Gunn Rum Cask Ale.  At the table they do leave a container of iced water for you to refill as needed, which was a nice touch. Thoughts: this is a lovely restaurant in a great location with a lot of potential.  A few kinks here and there to work out, but a lot of potential.  I'll revisit again in a few months to see how they've done.
Originally I came in here to do the Bite30, but I ended up ordering off the regular menu because of those Braised Short Ribs that was calling me to eat it! hah. The decor of this place is pretty cool, theme felt very "woodsy" to me, which was cool.  Didn't get a chance to sit at the bar, but they have an ALL DAY happy hour only at the bar.  Definitely gonna come back and give that a try. They also have a private room for a small, intimate party located in the back where the wines are stacked. Our waiters were really nice and attentive of us.  I never had to ask for my water to be re-filled, it was like they read my mind and immediately filled it right up. Take note of the napkins they have, it's dish towel napkin! I really liked it, and wanted it. haha. As for the food, I originally meant to order off of the Bite30 menu, but that Braised Short Rib was calling my name and I'm so glad I ordered it!  The short rib was fork-tender and moist.  It was on a bed of creamed corn, which I have to say was AMAZING, complimented with a blueberry-balsamic glaze which complimented the short rib perfectly.  But besides the short rib and corn, I personally think the fried vidalia onions is what I really liked.  Yum, yum, yum! Overall, I had a good experience and will come back to try other things off the menu :)
Asked a friend what's a good place for food in downtown orlando. First thing that came to his mind was this place... Excellent food. Extremely tastey. Atmosphere was great. Hostess and waiter was extremely nice. Excellent prices and great drinks.. What's best its right in the heart of downtown Orlando..
We followed Yelp instructions by trying this place out. It was AMAZING! I had the Breakfast in Bed dish, and now my breakfasts will never be the same. Definitely try out this restaurant. The meals should be double the price, however, it's about $6-$8 a person. Very cool environment and very friendly staff.
I was a fan of the previous tenant Pine 22, bummed to see it go but STOKED for the arrival of Artisans Table.  I've been 3 times now...guess I like it! The staff is really friendly and they really make every visit enjoyable.  Let's start with the bar area - they have $5 all the time.  I go for the mules which are gingery and delicious.  You can order from the main menu or try out the bar snacks menu.  The marinated olives is very generously portioned and great for nibbling and sharing and the chickpeas are delicious. If you hurry in before 6/30 you can still take advantage of their Bite30 menu - 3 courses for $30.  But if not, it's ok because their menu is delicious and reasonable. The calamari appetizer is really delish and not fried..yay! The zucchini and manchego cheese fritter are great too.  The salads are also a great starter - they are a bit on the small side so I'd definitely recommend sharing a few things.   The menu changes fairly often and is loaded with fresh, seasonal ingredients.  The fish entrees always hit the spot.  But if you are as carnivorous as me the burger is a must try.  And by burger I mean, short rib and brisket burger that is cooked to perfection.  They also have a short rib entree that is A+. Try a few desserts too...I have and I can't complain!
I'm not quite sure if I should give up a great new restaurant and bar but I want this place to make it so I figured I'd let out the secret about this great new spot.  I took my dad and 2 good family friends here for dinner on Friday and was extremely impressed.   Starting at the bar, they brought in some high quality bartenders that make their own bitters, have top quality mixers and ingredients, and knew their stuff inside and out.  My family friend considers himself a bar connoisseur and he was extremely impressed, all the way down to the details including their use of Luxardo cherries.   Once we had a couple drinks at the bar we were seated for dinner which did not disappoint.  We had the herbed zucchini and manchego fritters and their version of calamari for appetizers and enjoyed the lamb ragout, royal shrimp and mussels arrabiata and duck pierogies.  All of their ingredients are sourced from as local as possible and menu items change daily with availability.  Quite a meal and quite a place.   Support local.  Support Downtown Orlando!
We got two dishes. Huevos Rancheros with poached eggs and the artisan burger. Yum and yum!!!! Please try the huevos rancheros for brunch!!!!!
Very nice spot - with very good food and great service! Everything I tried tasted fresh and delightful.  The burger was awesome - but the pimento cheese whipped potatoes stole the show - they were arguably the best I have ever had. Wife had the salmon which was also very good! Just a quick bite before a movie next time to dive into the entire experience.
Artisan's table is a brand new restaurant that took over the space that was formerly 22 Pine Burgers downtown: A few weeks ago I stopped in for breakfast on a Monday about 9 am. I had the place all to myself which was nice and I got to talk to Chef Scott Copeland who I knew from Antonio's La Fiamma in Maitland. The breakfast Items I tried were excellent, tons of great flavors. He started Artisan's Table with some partners, and I hope they are successful as I know he's a great chef from the food I tried and on my previous visits to Antonio's. I also visited for lunch yesterday and tried to Kalbi Cheesesteak - $10  downtown Orlando. Korean marinated beef rib eye, Gruyere, caramelized onions & red peppers, radish, kimchee ketchup, arugula on baguette. This sandwich was truly creative and delicious. The kimchee ketchup was only vaguely spicy but perfect for this. Bread was awesome from a French bakery out in Ocoee. I also sampled the Smoked Chicken Salad with Basil Green Goddess dressing it was spectacular! I can't wait to go back for dinner. They are open until midnight on the weekends.
I was a little disheartened to hear that Pine22 closed, but it was understandable considering all they offered were burgers (pretty good ones). Artisan's table is a welcome replacement, serving up delicious, well-crafted entrees made from plenty of locally-sourced ingredients.  During my first visit, we were promptly greeted and seated. We ordered a maple-roasted ham sandwich and an oyster po'boy (from the Bite30 prix-fixe menu). The ham sandwich was delicous, but the oyster was a little flavorless, and overly spicy. The pasta salad and side salad that accompanied the sandwiches were both good. The decor has been upgraded, and is very well done. My favorite feature is the glass-enclosed private room, surrounded by wine bottles. Overall a great restaurant with very good food.
The amount of restraint I showed here the other night should have been rewarded. Why you ask? Because I refrained from sticking my face in a bowl of their pimento cheese mashed potatoes and eating all of them like an animal. These are THE best mashed potatoes I've had in my life (sorry Mom, your's are a very close second) I wanted the fried green tomatoes but they have a shrimp remoulade so I asked for it with the shrimp on the side for my bf. Well, they did just that which I can't blame them for but I was sort of expecting the remoulade minus the shrimp. Instead I got plain fried green tomatoes. So that was a mild disappointment from the start. And then you go and TOTALLY redeem yourself.... We split the blueberry chipotle short ribs with a bacon creamed corn and the side of those heavenly potatoes. At first I was a bit taken aback by the $10 price tag for a side of potatoes but I would have paid twice that. Huge portion and SOOO yum!! Can't wait to go back and try more!
I am in love with the Japanese Breakfast bowl. One of the tastiest and most inventive dishes ever. I want to come back for dinner ASAP. The food, service and pricing here is phenomenal. I really like the way they have treated the room, it is very comfortable for dining and great for people watching folks going  by on Pine Street. This is definitely a place to check out.
I've been back 5 times in 2 weeks.  Still 5 stars (quality to price).   I've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here and I can say, without a doubt the chef and staff are tops.  You are NOT going to get a 5 star dining experience here, that's not what you should expect.  What you should expect is incredibly good, creative food, in a nice environment with good service, and on the mid-price scale.   The Breakfast bowls are delish (esp. the Japanese bowl - bury me in this when I meet the maker).  I hope they enter their burger into the local food challenge - it's that good.  Lamb Ragout is about as good as it gets at any 5 star, but 1/2 the price.  Seriously.  This place needs to stay open.  GO GO GO!   Remember, it's not a total white table cloth experience.  Just good food, good cocktails, good service and good prices.
Wow! I am feeling hopeful about dining in downtown Orlando.  With our out of town visitors in tow, we wandered in to Artisans Table after visiting the City Arts Factory.  It was last Saturday, so there were actual pedestrians on Orange Ave due to the NCAA tournament. First, the physical space is lovely.  Lots of natural light. Comfortable seating.  Lots of glass.  The bar area was inviting, and the display of tasty looking brownies was tempting.  We opted for the dining room. The hamburger was the winner at our table of 5. I think it was the bacon marmalade that put it over the top.  It was juicy, cooked perfectly and served on a tasty roll with a pickle relish that must have been house made. Our table also had the fried chicken (moist), the grilled cheese, and the lobster sandwich. All were excellent and we all cleaned our plates. Prices were very good.  I'm going out on a limb, but I thought the food was as creative and as well executed as Cask and Larder and at a much lower price point. I do wonder how they will manage such long hours and large menu.  I hope for the best.  Our servers were not 100% polished, but I felt like they were learning and doing a good job by being very attentive. One thing of interest.  They use dish cloths as napkins.  I thought that was clever, until I realized that I had white threads all over my black pants!  Perhaps they will change that up. Go out an give this place a try! Open 7 days a week!
Ho-lee smokes! This place was great the moment I walked in. The decor is really great which makes for a great atmosphere. The servers and hostesses are super friendly, but not overbearing. I ordered the vegetable pancakes to start and a champaign mixed drink. Both were delish. My entree was the poached cod, and, while I liked the idea of it, it was way too salty. I tried everyone else's dishes though, and they were all great. The beat part of the meal? Definitely the dessert. I tried the blueberry buttermilk pancakes which is made in house and is really yummy. I ordered the ice cream with frangelico and coffee. It was SOOO good! You pour the liquids over the ice cream and eat it up while getting a tiny buzz. Perfect perfect perfect!
I have eaten lunch here twice and both times I really enjoyed the food.  The Turkey Club is amazing.  It's served warm with a very tasty sauce on.  On my second visit I ordered a Burger, which was very good also.  They also have very tasty fries to compliment the food.  I will be returning to experience their other food.
The only con about this place for me is that it's Downtown and I just don't go downtown...ever...and parking is pain. On the flip side, it's GREAT that downtown has a really solid restaurant worth tackling the parking and all the other douchey things that come with the downtown experience. We'll be coming back to The Artisan's Table for the following reasons... PROS: *First & most important, the food is great. I ordered the fried poussin with couscous & collards (all were delicious). My husband had the burger with bacon jam and it was really awesome...definitely coming back for that one. The dessert & beverage menus offer a great variety and we weren't disappointed with any of our choices. *Service was great. Very friendly, helpful and attentive without being annoying. *Atmosphere is casual & comfortable, but anyone dressed up wouldn't feel out of place. *Prices were VERY reasonable
Short rib is melt in your mouth, the creamed Corn they Come with is to die for. Plus all day happy hour doesn't hurt.
Cozy restaurant, simple design but works well overall.  Love their wine room and selections. Food is very tasty, and has a nice variety of options.  I tried the mussels, and the Artisan burger!
All day happy hour at the bar, awesome! Separate bar menu that offers great tapas style bar bites. Bartenders were very friendly and knowledgeable. Service at the bar was also excellent. The mixed drinks we had were flavored perfectly. Almost to the point that this could be considered a craft cocktail bar. The lamb spanakopita was mostly lamb and that's not a bad thing. The octopus lettuce wrap is something that I may order one a week. This place may be a problem because I live downtown and I may start to come here several times a week. Every dish we had caused us to groan excitedly with each bite. Of the 5 or so restaurants that have occupied this space in the last 5 years, this could easily be the best.
My boyfriend and I dropped in for a quick bite and a couple of drinks in between their lunch and dinner hours. I love that they still allow business during that time with a shortened bar menu instead of closing the doors entirely. I had the fried chickpeas and he had the pork-belly BLT and they were both to die for! I think the BLT won, but, the chickpeas are a great option for vegetarians. The location isn't right on church street so it is also a little more quiet and relaxed, which is awesome. I look forward to our next visit!
I had the chicken sandwich w pickles and garlic aioli which was $7 and included a side. Usually I like cheese but this was really good without it. Water service made me feel like a 4 star. Nice modern and pretty place. Soda was $2 so I spent $9 on my saturday lunch. All in all it was a good day since not many places are open on saturday morning when you have yoga pants on. Lol There is def room for improvement. The guy I had was sort of nervous and dint want to chat... but the waitress for the table next to me was def making the mom and daughter and feel welcome. I would give four stars to them but they had fountain coke so since I'm easy... and I like coke... I upgraded to a five.
In the old Pine 22 space, which was another victim of the eat today, gone tomorrow Orlando dining scene, there is a new restaurant on the corner of Orange and Pine called the Artisan's Table. An updated decor and calm blue walls gave off a more sophisticated feeling to this space, but I knew the proof would be in the cuisine to detect if we got an culinary upgrade or another dead restaurant walking.  We decided to be early birds on a Friday evening and arrived around 6 p.m.  When you enter, the small  bar area is still there from the Pine 22 days, with the addition of a small lounge area with a couch and a few additional chairs.  I had hoped they would have increased the bar area, but with the cost of rebuilding portions of an already functioning space I can understand taking it as is. Besides a few people hanging out in the bar/lounge area the main dining room was empty, but I didn't give it a second thought since downtown doesn't get pops for dinner until later in the evening. They had a decent beer and wine list along with some signature cocktails, of which I ordered "The Maverick"; hanger one vodka, lime, peach, orgeat, dom de canton ginger liquor, & black walnut bitters which I was told are made in house. Ian got a Jai Alai IPA beer. For some reason that night my stomach was not being cooperative so I was hesitant to order a heavy dish for dinner, so I inquired about the soup of the day.  My charming and attentive waiter informed me that it was a kale & sausage soup. It sounded safe so I ordered it and Ian ordered poached cod with quinoa. Our food came out quickly and I was over the moon for my soup after the first spoonful. It was flavorful and had so much more going on in it besides the two main ingredients. Assorted vegetables, chick peas, a rich broth - everything I could have hoped for. My eyes wandered to Ian's plate and I was surprised to see a bowl.  His beautiful cod was sitting in a bowl of quinoa with large pieces of barely grilled half soggy bread.  He seemed confused, but I did point out the menu explained it as "grilled bread salad", whatever that is.  I took a small piece of his cod which was a little on the salty side, but otherwise very good.  I then dug into the quinoa and "bread salad" and it was like I had just ingested a spoonful of salt.  I couldn't understand what had been done to this dish!  The fish was cooked so well, but it was basically marinating in a bowl of sodium.  Needless to say I didn't bother him for a second bite. I decided since my meal had only been a bowl of soup, there was no reason to say no to dessert.  I chose the Hazelnut Affogato, and may have let a sort of pig squeal when the adorable tray was brought to me.  This dessert delighted me for many reasons. Coffee + Ice Cream + Liqueur is a win. The presentation was very cute, and from a restaurant's perspective the execution is simple and more than likely this is a low cost, high margin item.  I slowly poured the hot espresso and frangelico in to my bowl and let the magic happen. I was surprised to see that the Artisans Table was open for all day parts, so I am very interested in going back for breakfast.  I would also like to see if they fill up for dinner service later in the evening. A few cons for me would be the possible over use of salt (perhaps a fluke) and surprisingly the bathroom.  For a restaurant of their size I would except there to be more than one stall in the women's bathroom, especially since the building is newer. One additional pro was the dining room chairs! As someone who has a bad lower back I found the chairs really comfortable.  Also, if  I could purchase that soup by the vat I would. The wait staff was also very helpful and friendly.  Overall our waiter seemed knowledgeable about the menu. I'm excited to go back for breakfast and try more items when my stomach is more willing to accept my normal trough sized meal.
Artisan's table is a great addition to the Orlando downtown area! While it is amongst very expensive and fancy restaurants, it is a great balance between affordability while still offering a refreshing menu with unique offerings that other restaurants downtown do not have! Their Japanese brunch bowl with poached eggs and vanilla latte was a perfect lunch, not too much food, but the right amount, that didn't hurt my wallet! The feel of the restaurant is very home-y and welcoming, yet refined. Definitely coming back to try their other selections for dinner! --update: went for lunch again and got the duck confit ramen. It is nothing like Japanese "ramen" and the broth has way too much vinegar. The noodles and toppings were good and sufficient, I think the dish would be better without the broth. This one falls short compared to their other menu items! I recommend getting something else instead of the ramen
Artisan's Mule and awesome bartenders. That's all I'm basing this review on, as I haven't tried the food yet (I've heard it's very good from a few people, though). I have come several times and hung out at the bar to start my night. They have an all-day $5 drink menu that includes my beloved mule as well as a Whiskey Punch I also enjoy. I recently learned that they also have sangria, so that's next on my list to try. The bartenders are always friendly, engaging, and attentive and the drinks are well-crafted with fresh ingredients. I will be back to try some food eventually!
After rave reviews from coworkers I stopped in here for a Japanese breakfast bowl (priced at a super reasonable $6.50) - a heaping helping of two eggs, sticky rice, bacon, scallions and happiness, with just enough sweet chili sauce. They'll cook the eggs to order, whether you're looking for fried or boiled. I spotted several other more traditional breakfast selections while I was there - the southern bowl with eggs, grits and chorizo ($6.50) also looks divine, as does the french toast muffin ($5). Love the decor - Andi P.'s description as "rustic chic" is spot on - and the focus on local flavor. They have a full menu from breakfast to late-night, too. Excited to try out more of their offerings - especially the happy hour all day in the bar - the $5 drink menu includes not just your typical beer and wine but several craft cocktails that would probably be three times that price elsewhere.
This is truly one of my (semi) new restaurants in the downtown area. If you are nearby during breakfast time the Japanese Bowl is an absolute must. I prefer it with a poached egg on top. Not a single lunch item I have tried has let me down and the staff seems to regularly make good suggestions when I am wanting something new. I highly recommend this place.
This place was suggested in the Yelp Talk section and being the fatty I am I had to immediately check out the menu. The minute I saw the curried egg salad wrap I was sold! I, obviously, got the curried egg salad and it was really good! It's made with a sweet chili curry (my fav) and the fries were super delicious.  My husband got the chicken sandwich that the waiter referred to as "life changing". He said it was good but def not life changing. Our friends got the fried green tomato sliders (they looked really good) and the pork sandwich and said both were good. Everyone really loved the fries though. The service was also good. The food took awhile to come out but everyone was nice and we were asked if anyone had food allergies. They also had no problem answering all our questions. We will definitely go back.
Been to this place multiple times. Menu changes periodically and the plate was cleaned every time. The food is very good.
I am pretty confident this is now the best restaurant in downtown Orlando. Amazing menu pulls from Korean to Polish influences. Modern American? All the dishes my friends and I tried were great! I've also been to breakfast which was pretty affordable. Full dinner for two $40- $60. Not uber fancy schmancy atmosphere but modern farm to table vibe and still a good date/romantic venue. Also had the BEST waiter in my life - Chris - don't think I'm exaggerating either. This is the old burger place Pine 22
I was really disappointed with this place. My boyfriend and I went here because of all the great reviews and the food just wasn't good. Our server was nice enough though. He brought us water and it was the nastiest tap water I've ever had. It tasted like toilet water. I'm not big into bottled water so I almost solely drink tap water. We got the fried drum as an app and that was pretty good, no complaints. My boyfriend got the prime rib shish kabob and he said it lacked flavor and was disappointing. The potato salad part of his meal was really good though. I got the pan seared salmon and it was also bland and dry. It was so bad I only had 4 bites and just stopped eating after that. It came on top of couscous which was just okay. Our bill was around $80 and we both felt like we didn't eat at all. I'm so disappointed.
Simply divine. Started with breakfast in bread -- truly magical. I could eat this daily and never get sick of it. For my main I had the Greek salad, which featured the most mouth watering heirloom tomatoes. Truly epic. I had it topped with a perfectly grilled salmon filet. Wish we has enough room for the PB&J dessert. Next time...definitely worth checking out! An excellent hidden gem in downtown Orlando.
I grew up in Orlando, have worked and ate at all the best restaurants/hotels in a 30 mile radius, and in all my life, I have never been so disappointed. Have a 7 yr old child cook a 4 course meal for you with $5 worth of food from a market store,  and you will eat a MUCH more tasty meal AND SAVE $200. This restaurant will be yet again another failed attempt on the Pine Street fancy restaurant extravaganza. A $20 entree that might as well be a soup marinated in toe nails as far as taste is concerned. If you're looking to donate money to a charity,  don't even bother with this one because this restaurant is #robbery101. They should be ashamed.  I doubt this restaurant will have electricity in 3 months... Unless the owners and managers keep faking accounts and making up false "positive reviews" to maintain business
I'm constantly impressed by my visits here. The food is good, reasonably priced and the service always surprises me with how fast it is! My last trip was for a table of 15 - we still got our food only 20 minutes after ordering, which is really impressive to me for a party that large. The time before we went and the place was slammed, so I figured it would be a long wait - nope, still managed to get food fast enough that my lunch break stayed under an hour. I've enjoyed everything I've tried so far, with the exception of the Ramen bowl - but I'm not docking points for one "meh" menu item when so many are so good.
I loved it! Service outside was great. Our waiter had great recommendations and we chose this place based on reviews on Yelp from others. The Apricot cocktail was amazing. I had also the Tater Potique which was delicious and my dinner was the Artisan burger which I could barely finish. The fries were delicious as well.  My friend ordered the zucchini appetizer and although she didn't like it,  I loved it I will be back here soon!
Tried it out last night for a light supper - my friend and I shared a burger and a couple of apps and it was plenty for us. The burger was delicious - how can you go wrong with a brisket/short patty paired with bacon jam? The lamb spanakopita was also top notch. I think the fried green tomato app was ok - the shrimp were a little bland, but the sauce had a a good kick to it. Atmosphere was kinda quiet as we were perhaps one of three dining parties, but they just opened a week ago so hopefully that will change. I like the layout - it's reminiscent of the Black Olive (which was there before 22 Pine) with a glass enclosed private dining room. It's spacious and I imagine that it wouldn't feel too packed in even if all the tables were full. The location seems a bit cursed, so I hope they are able to last!
Not bad.  Fine, talk about lunch.  Let me cover dinner.  Asian inspired.  No matter what the menu said.  The Su chef is Korean inspired.  Therefore, Drumsticks, Korean Pancakes and non traditional calamari.  Let's add in the dates and finish with the cheesecake and coffee tequila.  BOOM!
111$ later short ribs tasted like pot roast and seafood dish was bland I hate buying 2 apps, salad, bread and an entree still hungry
Love this restaurant!!!!! Drinks and desserts r awesome! Probably the best gin mix drinks I've had in my life!!! The quail and the pasta are great, but the mussels that I had in my pasta were not fresh at all.. Mgr was nice enough to comp the entree but they should've had better quality mussels. Service is great n the atmosphere is nice. I would def come back!
All in all a good experience. Love the atmosphere and the soup was to die for. Black bean and chicken. Rich full flavor with depth. Entree's were good. My wife's salmon was in need of seasoning but the crust on it was perfect and cooked to perfection. I would definitely recommend.
If you're a foodie this place is a MUST TRY. They have a creative menu and delicious brunch options. Strongly recommend their gourmet coffees specifically the Italian macchiato.
BEST place I have been in a WHILE! A MUST for dinner everything we got was fantastic even the 4 desserts we tried. Their homemade sorbet is to die for and their signature cocktails! Cannot wait to go back.
Get the salmon. The pan roasted salmon with sweet potato & vidalia onion hash, bourbon and pecan smoked bacon gastrique is what food is suppose to look and taste like.
Came here on a Saturday night with a friend. We had a reservation and were seated immediately (although, there were many open tables). I knew that they were participating in the bite30 menu and this menu was offered without me asking (+). Our server was friendly and helpful with our orders. She did not encourage the bite30 menu... actually she said "only foodies" liked the items that were on there. Haha! I call that a challenge! She appeared shocked when I continued to question her about the choices and finally settled on ordering from that menu. Of note: I asked what the BBQ Cod was like and she said that no one has ordered it. I went with the tater tot poutine (phenomenal), pork ossobuco (great mashed potatoes, but the pork was cooked until it tasted as dry as a wood chip), and the truffles (underwhelming.... maybe not my thing). The portions were reasonable on each dish and the dessert was 3 large truffles which was too much for my friend and I (we didn't even finish 1). My friend had the oven roasted pork loin served on mashed potatoes and with okra. The dish was perfectly cooked but was nothing to rave about. We both added salt and pepper to our dishes (picture Top Chef.... basic seasoning!). They offer a few specialty cocktails and the Black Beauty (pisco, lime, black currant) was PURE PERFECTION! I will return for this drink alone!!! Probably not for a meal. My friend had the champagne cocktail (st. germaine elderflower, pear, bitters) and it honestly tasted like a solo glass of champagne.... the mix was 'off'. Overall, I understand mixed reviews that I read aout this place. Glad that I tried it for myself. Don't really see myself having dinner here anytime soon.
I really wanted to like this place. I mean, REALLY wanted to like this place, and I wish there was a way to give 3.5 stars, because I do want to try this place again, in hopes that my review can be upgraded. I had convinced my boyfriend to take me out on a date night, and had chosen this place based on it's AWESOME reviews. We came after a movie, probably around 8:45 on a Friday, and although we didn't have a reservation, we were seated right away. We deliberated over doing the Bite30 menu, or just the regular dinner menu, but ended up picking courses off of the main menu since we'd filled up on popcorn earlier. I got the pork loin and a glass of wine, and he had some sort of ahi tuna. Our waiter was fantastic, filling waters, checking in on us - the whole 9 yards. However, when the food came out, it was lukewarm. I'm not really one to send it back, because frankly, I was getting kind of hangry and needed to eat - but man, I wish it had been piping hot! I think it probably would have made our dining experience better...otherwise, it was just okay, the flavors were decent, although nothing that blew me away. I'll probably give it a try for brunch with my friends at some point!
Just stopped in for breakfast on a Sunday morning (we were too early for brunch which doesn't begin until 11).  I had avoided this place for a while because I hate parking downtown, but we lucked out and got a spot right in front. I was pleasantly surprised at the interior decor- the wine room is gobsmackingly beautiful, and I'm totally going to steal their lace painted accent wall. The service was prompt, friendly, and attentive. Food- Well, let's start with the fact that this place has a little something for every taste including Southern and Asian inspired flavors. I had the Japanese bowl with poached eggs. The rice was good, but a little on the dry side for sticky rice. I loved the torarashi seasoning, and sweet chili sauce is always yummy. I liked that the seasoning was a good foil for the smokey bacon, and if I had only one wish, I wish this bowl had some type of veggie- sauteed spinach or pickled bean sprouts would be awesome. My husband had the Southern egg bowl. It was good, but hubs thought the grits were a little too bland. He would have preferred if they had been made with chicken broth or some other form of seasoning. The most surprising part of this meal was how affordable it all was. Our check with two coffees came out to less than a breakfast at Cracker Barrel. I don't know how they're going to pay rent at these rates, but it's definitely worth checking out before they figure out how cheap their prices are.
Very unique design of the restaurant and the menu. We came for brunch and all were very pleased with our culinary choices. I ordered the Japanese bowl, which was sticky rice, scrambled eggs, bacon & a sweet chili sauce that had just the right amount of kick to it (I can't eat anything too spicy). My only complaint was that the sausage I ordered a side plate of was very bland--like they forgot to put any salt on it. My husband got the chorizo and loved it. The waitress was very friendly and I definitely think we will come back! :)
Downtown orlando is a fickle place for restaurants.   The average life expectancy for a new restaurant is nothing to be envious of.  Seemingly more at risk than average (much like the park ave location that most recently housed Matildas...) is the location that now houses Artisans Table.  Previously this space was Pine 22, a pretty good burger joint, but one that was basically always a ghost town.  This spot just doesn't seem to get a lot of foot traffic other than on the weekends, when most of the crowd isn't looking to drop in for a meal.  They seem to be more of the drop molly, hope for the best,  and get tested the next morning type of crowd.  From the looks of them, i'm not convinced they even eat dinner.  Getting off topic here...    To the point, I really hope this place lasts.  I have visited Artisans table around 5 or so times now, at varying times, and each visit has been great.  I think that I have found my new favorite burger in town in the Artisans Burger.  Just fantastic.  I could eat it everyday.  All of the menu items we have tasted have been very well done and interesting.  The house made Caesar dressing is particularly good, although not at all what I was expecting (a good thing in this case).  I eat a lot of Caesar salads because i'm a health nut. You should too.    The service here has always been very good as well.  The staff is very friendly and many of the servers have been quite knowledgeable.  Coupled with the great food and service is a quite tasty cocktail menu.  You won't be upset with any of their drinks.  I, of course, always recommend adding muddled Jalapeno to any mixed drink.  So ask for it, and you wont regret it,  In my experience the staff is more than happy to do it for you.  Check this place out, a great addition to downtown.
The Oyster Po'Boy, a lunch special for June, should be made into a permanent menu item.  I'd probably get one a week...maybe more?  It's SO GOOD.  I'd even take two sandwiches instead of getting a side.  The mustard bbq sauce adds the perfect amount of...zip (?) to the sandwich, and the oysters are cooked perfectly.  I got takeout, but the service was very nice while I was waiting.  Food is delicious, fresh, and appropriately priced.  Which, of course, means I'll be back.
I am really excited that this place is finally open! So far, I have made it in on 3 occasions this week (it's lookin like the new hang out). First time was drinks, happy hour all day at the bar with great prices! Second time we just missed dinner so we went for late night bites at the bar and literally ordered almost the entire menu. Everything was great! I especially enjoyed the duck quesadilla. The third time was for lunch, and it was equally amazing. I had a pasta dish with chorizo, I am impressed with every detail down to the homemade pasta. Most restaurants don't do homemade pasta because it is labor intensive, but  it makes a world of difference so never stop doing it! I also got a dessert called the pb&j. It literally tastes like a sophisticated pb&j. Peanut butter bread pudding with peanuts, peanut brittle, and a raspberry sorbet... I think this was my favorite item so far. My first and second visit, all visits were at the bar, Jared and Billy took care of me. They were awesome, personable and on their game! They even remembered me when I came in again. They are a plethora of information and suggestions. If they're working, head to the bar! The third visit we had Elizabeth, who was very nice and attentive. She recommended the pb&j, which I was so glad she did because it was awesome! One of the managers, Emily, was also in the bar area and she talked to is about the roots of the restaurant (owner, chef, concept) which was really cool. It's nice to go into a restaurant and see a management team who is passionate about their product, what they do, and all of their interactions with their staff seemed to be genuine. Overall, love having this place so close and I am excited to watch it grow into a downtown hot spot.
Overall good service, friendly staff, and decent appetizers but they overcooked every meat entree that was ordered; out of 5 entrees 3 were meat dishes and all were overcooked. To me that is completely unforgivable, hence the 2 stars...sucks cause I had high hopes for the place.
Brand new to Orlando and went here today for lunch. It was awesome!! I had the grillled gorgonzola and a chai tea latte. Both were amazing. I will definitely be back!
It looks like Artisan's Table is well on its way to one of the top rated restaurants downtown, and I hope it can maintain this velocity. We came in for a late lunch on a Sunday, and enjoyed a meal in a comfortable and attractive setting.  Numerous other reviews mention the counter service style of dining. However, when we arrived there was a hostess seating people, and a waiter took our order at the table.  At this point, I don't know if they were doing something different for Sunday brunch, or if they're maybe planning on this being a permanent change. The staff as a whole was professional and courteous. Water is brought out in a blue glass bottle, which is left on the table for you, but occasionally they come by and top you off or replace the bottle as necessary. Everything happened at a pace that made us fee like we were the only customers in the restaurant, despite it actually being a full house at the time. I ordered the Fried Chicken sandwich, but accidentally ordered it grilled instead of fried (more on my stupid mistake below).  Well, the chicken was grilled to absolute perfection.  It was a beautiful sight. The bun was soft and amazing, slightly toasted on the inside, and spread with a special sauce that I can't remember. Dill pickles rounded out the sandwich nicely.  It really was a fantastic sandwich. Definitely one of the better grilled chicken sandwiches in my memory.  I ordered it with fries, which were excellent, lightly seasoned and crispy. My wife ordered the steak sandwich, which was also packed with flavor. Grilled onions, red peppers, slices of radish, and a unique marinara that added a little kick. I loved it, even though I personally don't care for the taste of red peppers. I only have one little suggestion, and it was such a minor issue to me that I even have trouble mentioning it.  It was when I ordered the sandwich incorrectly.  When I asked the waiter why my sandwich was grilled, he told me I had ordered it that way, and that he was going to mention it... but I guess he decided not to, and just put the order in for the sandwich, grilled instead of fried. (Side note: At least they clearly are willing to accept requests like this!) I didn't remember saying "grilled", but I know me, and I can say with 99.8% certainty that I said it (my brain bone is not always connected to my mouth bone).  I wasn't looking at the menu when I put the order in, and my mind was sort of on something else while my mouth was on autopilot.  The waiter graciously and unnecessarily suggested that maybe he heard me wrong, but no -- I'm sure it was completely my fault.  My only suggestion would be this: Speak up!  If I order something that's not even on the menu (i.e., "grilled chicken sandwich" instead of "fried chicken sandwich"), I won't be offended if you want to verify that that's what I actually meant. As I said, that's a really minor point. He even offered to take it back, but I turned down the offer on the grounds that the sandwich was delicious anyway, and the restaurant should not have to pay for my mistake.  Bonus points for the gracious offer though. So, yeah. I love it here.  And lunch cost us a grand total of $17 before tip, which is an incredible deal considering the quality of the food and service. ** Update ** : My second lunch visit was equally worthy of the full five stars. Same great service all the way around. This time I ordered the FRIED chicken sandwich... you know, the one that's actually on the menu.  It was lightly breaded and perfectly cooked, juicy on the inside, not oily or overdone in any way. Beautiful.
I have never been more impressed with a restaurant in its first week of opening! Living downtown I have been anxiously awaiting Artisans Table and was so excited to go and try it with a small group of friends Thursday evening.  Walking in you immediately feel comfortable with it's 'rusty chic' decor. We chose to sit at the large bar with the best swivel chairs you'll ever sit in (weeeee!) and they serve happy hour there all day! Perfectly crafted cocktails for $5?! Can't beat that! There is also a large dining area and a private room that has all glass walls and wine racks. For breakfast and lunch you order at the counter and they bring the food out ,but in the evening it is full service.   At the bar we were taken care of by Billy and Garrett who were super friendly and fun to talk to.  They were also very conscious and polite about halting the conversation to take care of new customers who walked up.  They have put together a great cocktail menu and make a delicious mule with a strong ginger flavor! They also have a coffee bar with an espresso machine and cold brew drip tower that they say they have all received proper training on. On to the food! My boyfriend and I shared the octopus lettuce wrap ($8), lamb spanakopita  ($9) and prime rib brochette ($16).  The first dish came with two crunchy lettuce wraps filled with slow cooked octopus, chorizo sausage, capers, tomatoes and lentils (we omitted the olives). This was absolutely delicious and they did not skimp on the octopus meat! The second dish resembled more of a lasagna then the traditional triangles but I really like their twist on it!  The layers of phyllo dough were stuffed with a heaping pile of ground lamb, spinach and feta and the meat to dough ratio was right on target.  There was also just the right amount of tzatziki sauce on top to counter the meaty flavor.  This is a very large serving for an appetizer and could almost be a meal for one on its own.  Last we had the brochette which is served as a large bowl filled with German potato salad and topped with one meat and vegetable skewer.  The potato salad was on the sweeter side which I like and not drowning in cream like most are.  The skewer was extremely flavorful but I would have gladly traded out a chunk of grilled onion or tomato for some more meat! At the end of the night the chef was hanging out in the main dining room and he was a pleasure to talk to! You can tell this team is really passionate about what they do and I hope they get the following they deserve. Needless to say this is my new go-to downtown spot, anytime of day!
Absolutely in love with this place!  Sat at the beautiful bar with my husband and friends. All of the food was cooked perfectly and tasted phenomenal!  Happy hour all day at the bar.  Service was top notch.
I went for dinner again and had the prime rib brochette. It was delicious, very flavorful, and a great portion!
Japanese bowl was sooooo good! Chili sauce, eggs, rice, and bacon! I could make this at home! Nice atmosphere and family friendly. Mango smoothies was delicious!
Fantastic hidden gem of spot in great location right downtown near Orange Ave just behind Corona's cigar bar, food was fresh & delicious!  Timiming & Presentation of the food all outstanding & wait staff friendly. Spacious dining area also noticed separate area for a large group set back away from the rest of area but was nice sitting near the street view window for added entertainment overall a very nice dining experience
Today was my first time at Artisans Table. I met up with a long time friend for brunch/lunch to catch up. He suggested Artisans, and after checking out the menu online, I was in. Artisans Table in an easily accessible location on Pine St. There was plenty of street parking when we met up on a Saturday, or I could have parked in the Plaza cinema parking garage. We made reservations, but it wasn't necessary, there weren't many other people dinning around us. The servers are attentive, but not overbearing. I started with the Artisan Mule, and my friend chose the Sonoma Swindler. Both drinks were delicious. To eat, I chose the Japanese style breakfast bowl, which had sticky rice, two eggs (over easy), scallions, bacon, sweet chili sauce, and togarashi. This turned out to be the perfect choice. Every bite was fulfilling. My friend chose the Ham and cheddar pancakes, which did not disappoint. Although the food was pretty filling, we shared a PB&J (peanut butter bread pudding, with raspberry sorbet) for dessert. That was definitely the best bread pudding I have ever eaten, ever. I will definitely be going back to Artisans Table to try other things from the menu. We both left happy, and full. The prices were great, and the food was delicious. 10 out of 10, would recommend.
Went here for dinner after reading great new reviews online.  The restaurant is very pretty inside, kind of classy-casual.  Good food choices on the menu, and we liked our dishes - Korean Pancakes as an appetizer, then the Prime Rib Skewers for me and something with bacon for my husband (as usual).  Prices were reasonable.  We parked in the library garage and walked here.  It's right across from SAK - a good date idea?  We'll definitely go again.
This is a great spot for breakfast, lunch or dinner, and it changes character a bit throughout the day, going from counter ordering to full table service depending upon whether it's a weekday lunch or a more relaxed evening or weekend meal time. The sandwiches are very creative, not your run of the mill usual fare. I loved the chicken sandwich that included a large slab of chicken breast lightly fried and a delicious dill pickle and mayo sauce. The Korean-influenced cheesesteak was also good, and the fries and side salad that accompanied lunch were delicious. Service is friendly and efficient, and the cocktails and coffees are also excellent. A great addition to Pine Street.
Simply put.. One of the best meals I have had in orlando in the past year. Easily the best cocktails downtown, the salmon was outstanding and the cheesecake was just as good . I have eaten at a lot of these new modern american dining restaurants and so many of them screw up the meal just trying to be too creative, but this place really pulls it off .  I really hope they succeed here as pine 22 used to be a favorite of ours but this place is even better ! A bit more expensive than the burger joint but totally worth it. Can't wait to come back .
Very interesting menu, this spot is unique and a bit hard to describe; however it was delicious! I highly recommend checking it out. We went for dinner; I want to come back and try brunch! The menus items are all over the place so there is definitely something for everyone! Definitely give the PB&J bread pudding dessert a try!
The Artisan is a good place to dine, if you are looking for a place downtown.  I work downtown and sometimes look for a quick bite. Well I found the perfect dish in this resturant.   The Fried drum was awesom, it had the kind of spice I want and the flavors were very good.   I choose to get a sugar cookie as they were a jar of them right in front of me as I was eating my meal.  The cookie was good, I like it soft and it was not soft enough but still good.  I will also like to mention the bar makes awesome drinks. I brung with me a recipe book of drinks and they obliged me by making the drink and charging a fair price for it. I recommend this place.  It's a nice something.
My wife had the duck pierogi and I had the braised short ribs burger. Our food was very good and brought to our table fast.  They were slammed when we showed up since there was a Cher concert happening an hour later, but we were quickly seated and our waiter and the manager were both very polite and accommodating. As one reviewer stated, the fries were the bomb. $38 for both of us to eat here was a pretty good deal.
Amazing meal!!! Started out with drinks at the bar with Billy and Elliot. Very knowledgeable and friendly. Our server Jesse was top shelf!!!! We had several special requests and he took care of all of them. Food was amazing! It was such a great experience that we decided to do my 50th birthday dinner there!!!!!
I honestly don't think this business will last long because everything about it seems too generic and it had the same too many employees to low customer ratio as when it was occupied as Pine 22 . The name and image made me think it was a farm-to-table place with very high prices but neither was true. Attentive and friendly staff, prices were ok. I got the Bite30 $10 lunch deal but found it to be nothing special. I was excited for the ice cream sandwich but didn't get the idea of a few potato chips frozen to both top and bottom on it. Guess they wanted to be eclectic but it didn't work for me. Ice cream was good but everything else I had was mediocre.
Fantastic service and knowledge of their menu. Garrett, the bar manager, treated us perfectly. He crafts homemade cocktails like no one else. The food and atmosphere are fantastic. Loved it!
I went here with a few friends as a suggestion from a coworker. We had drinks at the bar and I enjoyed their all day happy hour specials. The drinks were pricèd right and well made. The service was above average. I had the pasta arrabiatta and wedge salad. I enjoyed both especially the home made pasta although it was a little heavy on the sauce. My only gripe is there was no bread offered for the table. When i asked for some I thought it would be complimentary. However i was charged for three pieces of small burned sourdough bread. They were like throw away pieces. That rubbed me the wrong way. I would still recommend the place but I didnt appreciate that gesture and didnt realize I would be charged.
So disappointed. First I went for breakfast a few weeks ago and got the southwest veggie breakfast bowl. It was OK but needed more cheese. The hashbrowns were drenched in something, but overall OK though I wouldn't order it again. So today I went for the Kalbi Cheesesteak hoping lunch would be a better choice. Ugh. even worse. The bread was so dry I couldn't eat it. so scraped all the goodies from the inside and ate with a fork. Glad I did, the "kimchee-ketchup" tastes like Contadina tomato paste right out of the can and throws off the whole sandwich.  And most of that was soaked up by the really dry bread. Gross
This place has the friendliest staff in Orlando. Food is high quality and the price is right too. Together with a great ambiance, this is a great spot to frequent!
