Our first visit to Strand was a hit, and I've been craving to go back since.  We visiting on a quiet Tuesday evening for dinner, it wasn't very busy and didn't have to wait for a table.  I did spy some counter seating that would be ideal in the future if they are busy. We ordered the seasonal fried okra appetizer, the breading was tasty but the size of the pods were difficult to bit into.  They were still devoured quickly. The choice in beers matches that of other craft beer locations. Pricing was on par as well.  Never hurts to keep a Cigar City option on hand in Orlando.  The wine options were plenty, we did not partake this round. The main course selections for the week have a good variety.  They have seasonal options described by the server all sounded appetizing. They also offer rotating dinners with different proteins like snapper, duck, pork, or beef along with southern sounding sides. We optioned for a few of the "Stand By" choices that are on the menu every week.  Buttermilk Chicken, and the Strand Burger.  I have dreams about the chicken, this was some of the best fried chicken I've had in a long time.  I didn't even notice the bacon that was included on the sandwich, the chicken portion was so large.  The meal came with basic coleslaw, but it was a perfect match for the sandwich. The Strand Burger was a good option as well. Perfectly cooked beef paired with blue cheese dressing and the normal fixing was ideal for a burger "fix".  The twist was the roast jalapeno along with pickle, this made it something special and not the standard burger some anywhere else.  It was served with a side of golden fries, nicely seasoned and crisp. Our party also ordered the fish and chips and raved about the freshness of the fish.  The fish that day was grouper caught that day. The portions are more than enough, and worth every penny of the cost. The atmosphere is simple, and clean. The wall bench seating is a nice touch.  The staff was friendly, and I enjoyed that we could see the chefs cooking food. I enjoyed the visit and will be going back (soon and frequently!)
Great service! I've been to The Strand a couple of times now, and not only is the food amazingly good, but the service has always been good as well. Gotta love consistency! On my last visit, a friend and I were coming from volunteering downtown all morning, and neither of us had eaten breakfast. It was already after noon and we were STARVING. I think my check in tip said something along the line so "Feed me before I rip your face off!". Where we were downtown was too chaotic with the events that were going on, so we decided to venture to Mills 50, and I remembered that The Strand has a brunch menu. Sold! There were only a few tables occupied when we walked in, and we were immediately greeted and shown to a table. Our server, I really wish I had gotten his name as he was awesome, was quick to get us coffee and waters, and was helpful to my friend, who had a special diet restriction. I ordered the chorizo scramble, which consisted of eggs scrambled with Lake Meadow chorizo, onions and peppers, with the most delightful grits on the side. My friend and I discussed the grits the whole way home, how they were the perfect texture, and didn't require any salt or hot sauce or anything other than to be scooped up and shoveled into my mouth. Since I was extra starving, and apparently not worrying about carbs on this day, I also added a side of potatoes. My friend ordered the avocado and egg sandwich, which is served on a croissant the size of your head with brie and a side of potatoes. It looked really good, and by her silence while she chowed down I think she enjoyed it as well. We declared The Strand is our new favorite brunch spot after this last visit. Nothing beats great food and friendly service!
No complaints whatsoever. Well, okay, maybe one small one -- we came on a Saturday at lunch time and so we didn't get the full menu to choose from. Doesn't matter though, because it was our first visit so it's not like we couldn't find something new. I wasn't in the mood for brunch, so I ordered the Strand burger. Absolutely delicious, with blue cheese, bacon, and roasted jalepeño. Skinny fries (my favorite kind) on the side. The restaurant is small and attractively decorated. Its size seems to lead to it being often crowded (although happily not when we arrived) which has stopped us from visiting before now. Of course, having sampled to food I can say it's worth waiting around for.
Go elsewhere. This place is new and I guess trying to find its self. Hamburgers, fried Chicken breast sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, and Duck with cherry sauce?  Do they want to be McDonalds or Citrus??? Closer to McD I think. Poor air-conditioning. Way too hot at 9:00 pm to eat comfortably!  Decor, if you can call it that, is Industrial warehouse.   My Duck was so poorly cooked  that I wondered if the chief had any idea how it was suppose to be cooked, or ever eaten Duck in a good restaurant?   Save these people from themselves. Go elsewhere !!!!!!
I did a to-go order this past Saturday and took home their lamb chops, which came with some quinoa and okra, along with rosemary caramel creme for dessert. The portion size was perfect, and when I say perfect I mean normal, not American sized portions (where what we used to call large is now medium). The okra and the quinoa was wonderful. The lamb was good, but not great. The rosemary caramel creme had too much rosemary that I removed in order to enjoy the actual dessert. I would go back to see what they can do better. There's a lot of promise here, though.
This was our first visit. Everything was so, so good. You know how you feel when you hear an amazing song and you can't help but move your head back and forth? It was like that. I kind of just wanted to yell expletives and throw my plate after each dish was eaten. I was pretty emotionally about how delicious everything was. We had.. 1) Red wine and a draft beer- They were lovely and they were the specials that were recommended to us 2) Steak flatbread appetizer special- Texture was amazing. Had some fancy mushrooms on it. Not usually a mushroom fan, but these were the bomb. 3) Fish and Chips- Perfect. Great light fish, with a crispy fried outside. Loved the dipping sauce, like an aioli or something. 4) Pork belly on a grit cake with gravy, fried okra, carrots and black eyed peas- One of the most amazing things I have ever had. A mix of textures and flavors that went so well together. I usually hate okra, I did not hate this one bit. The gravy was my favorite, so much flavor. It was something that sounded weird to me and not something I would think to order. But, I was really blown away by this dish. 5) Chocolate Peanut Butter Mousse-  Very good. I am not a big mousse person, but I had no complaints about this at all. 6) Crisp with vanilla ice cream- Another perfect item. The cobbler had mixed berries with a light crisp of sugar and it was very warm. The decor was comfortable and very pretty. Service was quick and friendly. Prices were great. Owner was kind. My only complaint is that I don't want to eat anywhere else when we go out to dinner. I want to try everything on the menu. They have ruined all other restaurants for me. I am aware that this is dramatic, but one of my quotes to my husband was, "This food makes me want to be a better person." Yep. I said it.
I've heard nothing but good things about The Strand and had waned to try it for a long time. We got there around 6PM on a Friday and were seated at a 2-top immediately. Our server was promptly at the table offering us a beverage... we both had a pale ale from the draft menu. We also ordered the Calamari appetizer. The Calamari came out promptly, but unfortunately, it was incredibly salty... almost to the point of being inedible. I kept thinking "did somebody drop the salt shaker into the batter bowl?" I ordered the Roasted Salmon and my partner ordered the Fish & Chips. My roasted salmon was pretty meh. It came with rice, a sauce on top of the salmon and an okra veggie. Maybe it was me, but nothing really tasted great. The rice was bland, the flavors in the okra weren't working for me either. The salmon was cooked well, but was a bit fishier than I'm used to. My partner's Fish & Chips was pretty good... light, flaky breading on the fish. there was a nice cole slaw on the side as well as some shoe-string fries. The cole slaw was good, but the fries were under-cooked for my taste. I really like fries that are a bit crispy and these were soggy and limp 1/2 way through the meal. Our server was absolutely awesome! He took great care of us without hovering. The restaurant is done in a cool, shabby-chic style that looks really nice. There was some weird folk music playing that just didn't seem to fit the vibe and ambience of a Friday night at supper time. I'm not sure if I just ordered things that didn't work for me or what, but we'll definitely give The Strand another try soon.
Simple diner atmosphere combines with top quality food preparation and a nice beer and wine list.  This place really is as good as it gets.  You get what you pay for, and while I don't appreciate outrageous prices, I don't mind paying for quality ingredients to put in my body.   My usual dining partner can't avoid "chicken sandwich" spilling out of his mouth every time we go, and that lightly fried buttermilk breast with coleslaw really is that good, but I've tried new things just about every time, often the daily special, and I have really enjoyed every single thing I've had.
Bottom line - small restaurant with big time food. Overall, the Strand offers a nice combination of good food at good prices.  Their lunch menu looks small, but actually offers a nice variety of food.  While the cheese steak is probably my favorite, each sandwich I have tried has been very tasty.   The service here is also great.  Even when it gets crowded, my cup never runs out of water.  I have also found the servers to be friendly and great at explaining their menu. Given its size, the Strand can get crowded quickly at lunch.  However, I have never had an issue getting a table. Overall, The Strand definitely lived up to its high ratings and is definitely worth checking out.
Really terrific and interesting menu - great little atmosphere Best Of Orlando.
You know those pretentious restaurants that have a mile long menu of food that you cannot even pronounce; Where servers scoff at your inability to fluently read Italian, French, Spanish - or whatever the hell cuisine they are serving? Well The Strand is NOT one of these!   I had two excellent meals here. The food is seasonal and down to earth American fare with unpretentious and approachable lunch and dinner options. The chef here knows what he is doing! You can see the manifestation of his impeccable culinary technique in the food coming out of the kitchen!!!! The fish & chips (by far my favorite) is done properly and fried to crispy perfection. It does not leak excess oil nor does it swim in a puddle of grease on the plate. It is just a joy to eat. Fries are perfectly seasoned. In fact, everything is well salted and bursting with flavor. Constructive criticism for the chef - Warm your peach cobbler a bit longer, it will make the whole thing much more tasty and exciting to eat. Cold cobbler aside though, this is my favorite dinner spot! On a side note: I sometimes wish they were open on Sun & Mon. but I truly respect that they have these two days off as it gives the staff some balance in their lives. I have worked in restaurants and the 7 day a week gig gets pretty old very fast.   The Strand rocks, seriously!
The Strand is a great addition to the dining scene. It is located in the Mills 50 area and has a nice facility on Mills. They have made it cozy inside, with a counter and tables. I like the recycled wood wall they built, very HGTV. I really like how they can take a simple dish and really elevate it to something special. Take the Fish and Chips as an example. You will find this almost everywhere around town. The Strand makes it their own by perfectly battering and cooking the Cod fish, and plating it with perfectly prepared shoe string fries, and a homemade Cole slaw that is absolutely delicious. Overall it is about the best I have tried in recent memory.
Fresh, local, seasonal ingredients - and you can taste the difference! I had the three course Bite 30 menu (and tried my friend's dishes as well) and I can honestly say I loved everything. Everything was delicious and prepared perfectly. I loved the two belgian beers I had while there. Service was great too. Also, the decor at this place is so spot on. I mean, if you're into taking pictures for your instagram and whatnot... you literally cannot get a bad picture here - the place is so hip and beautiful. And the plating is perfection so all of you "foodie/photographers" need to make a visit ;)
The Strand is a nice and cozy little corner restaurant. The food is good, it's surprisingly down to earth,  and a fun spot to hangout. I have been here twice and both times the food and service have been really great. The brunch burger is magnificent and the coffee comes out to the table in a french press. I just love that! The second time I tried them out for dinner. They have a great selection of beer and wine to compliment the menu. I had The Strand Burger for dinner with their delicious housemade kale coleslaw, served in a cabbage leaf, it was so good! The house made Maytag bleu cheese dressing was so good too! Our group ordered three desserts and sampled them all. These were the chocolate bread budding with peanut butter mousse and candied bacon crumbles, peach and blueberry cobbler "a la mode", and the olive oil cake topped with mascarpone cream and orange segments. The olive oil cake was citrusy and refreshing, it felt like you could eat it without it being too heavy. All the dessert were good anyway. I would suggest trying this place out and come for an early dinner. Since it's a smaller place seating can be limited, but the staff are very accommodating for seating and fast service.
Our first visit to the Strand, and we were unimpressed. My salmon dinner was fussy without being tasty -- some kind of unappetizing green sauce on the fish, a bland okra and the salmon on top of a rice/grain mixture (the last of which I did like). The Caesar salad was drenched in a not very Caesary dressing. The salmon entree is $17, which would be reasonable if it were actually good, but the cheapest glass of wine is $9. All in all the place costs too much for the neighborhood hangout vibe it's going for. I won't go back.
I really wish that I could share the love about the strand but my last two visits were not-so-fantastic.  Last time, I ordered the kale salad and hen, both of which were way overly salted.  Also, the service was lacking. I fully support our independent, locally sourced restaurants and I really want this one to succeed.  However, I think the Strand needs to work out some kinks.
Hip without being pretentious. Inventive dishes without being overworked. The Strand gets nearly everything right, including using local produce in many of their dishes. We hit The Strand around 6 p.m. on a Saturday, just beating the evening rush (which is important, as the restaurant is an intimate space with a dozen or so tables). We skipped drinks and appetizers and went straight for the entrees. I ordered the steak frites - a stape of European brasseries. The pan-fried ribeye was cooked to order and served with a delicious challot reduction sauce, shoestring fries and an amazing corn salad. My group ordered a trio of desserts to wrap up the evening. The best among them was the olive oil cake, a suprisingly light and delcious cake that I must have again - soon.
Run, don't walk. Unlike so many "new" restaurants, there is no gimmick (i.e., it's not just another burger joint or worse--another tapas restaurant). Hallelujah!! This restaurant is simple, elegant, romantic, and quietly stylish. The logo says it all. The bar is cute and cozy. (Beer and wine only, but good selections. I wish they served liquor.) The menu is interesting and not large.  The food is extraordinarily good and fresh.  I had the lamb chops with a grit cake to die for.  I started with the seasonal salad of a sliced grilled peach (AMAZING) atop field greens with a sprinkle of blue cheese... The Stand's website shows quite well how chic the restaurant is.  The service was professional and very pleasant.
I've already been here 2 times, once for brunch and, more recently, for dinner.  I have to say that I'm very impressed with the restaurant overall, from the clean, modern space to the nice, simple menu. Nothing about it came off pretentious so I know I could bring my husband here if I wanted to. My friends and I had an overall positive experience here. Our server was the same girl that served us for brunch on our first visit. It was nice to know that her service and demeanor is consistent and that she is genuinely nice. I decided to go with the fish and chips under "standbys" on the menu. It was a good portion for me. It came with chips aka steak fries and a side of their delicous cole slaw in which they incorporate kale.  I really enjoyed it !  My friends enjoyed their meals as well. One ordered the steak frites while the other ordered the Strand burger.  Our server was nice enough to bring over some extra jalapenos for my friend who loves her food on the spicy side! We made sure not to skimp on dessert. In fact we each ordered a dessert (happened to be all 3 on menu) and did tastings but the overwhelming winner was the olive oil cake. It was a nice slice of cake with marscapone whipped cream on top and some slices of oranges. I loved how light it was and not at all heavy so you don't feel that regreat afterwards. I will gladly dine here again.  Only downside is the parking which is all off street and because of the limited amount of seating this place fills up rather quickly. Get there early!
Excellent addition to the mills50 district! It's a tiny little place that's all about the food. It has a a small 10 seat bar and a long row  of seating. The booths are cool with reclaimed wood and interesting fabric. The lights are coppery bare bulbs and mason jars. Very attractive aesthetic!    I did the bite 30 menu which was a fantastic value. I had the pork belly with grits as an app. Very nice. I followed with the picnic Cornish game hen that was fried and served with corn and mash potatoes. The corn was amazing! The hen was crisp and moist. It was followed by a yummy chocolate mousse with a peanut butter bacon topping. And it included a great glass of wine or beer. Our server was new I think and seemed very nervous. Someone else served our bottle of proseco, for her. She went over specials in a whisper. The hostess was cute and outgoing . We will return.
LOVE this great new spot in the Mills 50 area. Finally came here on a Tuesday night for a dinner with friends. I love the small town intimacy and home cooking feel of the place! The menu is short but not at all disappointing. They have plenty of specials to add each day as well. There is a decent wine and beer selection to choose from. I was able to start with a glass of wine and one of the special salads. It was an amazing salad that was topped with blueberries, bleu cheese, and some kind of wonderful coated/crusted bacon. SOLD! The salad was perfect! I then moved on to the buttermilk chicken sandwich that blew my mind with its crispiness. The chicken was perfectly crispy, crunchy, juicy and somehow not at all soggy even after sitting with the pickle, tomato and coleslaw on top! The coleslaw was a perfect side to the sandwich.... even though I applied most of it to the sandwich. My friend and I splurged for the much talked about olive oil cake with mascarpone cream. Needless to say there were no crumbs left! I am not a typical cake girl... and I typically only order desserts with chocolate... THIS WAS WORTH IT! Overall a fabulous experience! I look forward to returning here often. The price, ingredients, and ambiance are perfect.
Absolutely wonderful!!   I brought my Dining Out group to The Strand on Tuesday night.  The simple menu, super fresh ingredients, and great service by Logan made it a terrific evening.  I was with a great group who love to share :-) so we all got to sample a lot of the menu in one evening.  I ordered the grilled peach salad (a halved and grilled peach, greens, pecans and blue cheese with a wonderful vinaigrette), the Steak Frites, which came out perfectly cooked with awesome shoestring-thin fries and a beautiful succotash, then I finished with a super-yummy, tart lemon custard; that had a ginger crumb crust, topped with a strawberry compote, fresh whipped cream and sugared lemon peel.  Others in the group ordered the pretzel appy with pimento cheese, the pork pate, a beautiful grilled shrimp salad with enormous shrimp, the cheese plate, the fig salad with duck proscuitto, crab cakes - those were just the appetizers!   The entrees ordered were the fish and chips, a couple of people ordered the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich on a beautiful brioche bun (note - it was HUGE), the steak special rubbed with coffee and cocoa, the duck with spicy cherry sauce, the pork tenderloin, and of course my steak frites.  I tasted almost everything, and I can say that it was all done to perfection.  The wine list is not large, but they have selected perfect pairing options as well as a nice selection of craft beers. Due to the small size, I'll probably try to avoid the typical rush hours there, trying to get there either early or later in the shift, but I WILL go back - it's a TREASURE.
The Strand, yum! Came here with my boyfriend and our friends for Bite30.  Enjoyed my time here and the food was really really good! The atmosphere makes me feel like I'm in someone's backyard garden. Very hip and casual.   With the bite30 menu, it was a set menu that included a 3 course meal and a beverage.  Hello, that's a deal right there! I of course I got the Rose as my beverage since I'm fancy like that. hehe ;) I ordered the Cod croquettes as an appetizer, and it tasted like a crab cake/hush puppy formed in a ball and fried. It was light and did not feel heavy at all.  Yum!  As for my entree I ordered the Salmon Verde which was absolutely delicious!  The salmon was perfectly cooked, topped with herbs, and had the perfect crisp to it. Just the way I like my salmon cooked.  It was served with quinoa and a side of roasted vegetables.  Healthy meal right there! As for dessert I got the the Blackerry and Peach Cobbler that was served with Vanilla ice cream.  Oh my gosh, sooo good!  The cobbler was more of a deconstructed cobbler, but still as good.  The cake had olive oil in it which made it light and not too sweet. Awesome place and definitely coming back here!
Stopped by for a quick lunch because of the reviews I saw on Yelp. The interior is very simply decorated and, for the most part, it works for the space. A very friendly waitress (forgot her name) greeted me and told me I could sit anywhere. The menu had some great options and I'd definitely come back to try more. For lunch, I decided on the Steak Frites and ordered it medium well with a house salad. The salad was brought out almost all the way and was fantastic. Generally, I can be quite picky about how much dressing is on a salad, and this salad was almost overdressed, but the vinaigrette was delicious - not too sweet, not too vinegary - and selection of greens was fresh and well mixed. The steak came out in a reasonable amount of time and money was plated very attractively. The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was the quality of preparation of this dish. The steak was medium rare only in the very center of the strip, everything else was medium, nearly medium well. In addition, the fries were oversalted and the ketchup tasted like Walmart brand ketchup. For dessert, I ordered the Apple/Blueberry Crisp which was amazing! Served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, this crisp wasn't like the typical crumble/crisp hybrid at every other restaurant, it had a somewhat hardened crust on top that was broken apart for presentation. The blueberry/apple filling was remarkably well seasoned without being over sweetened. Overall, except for the improper doneness of the steak, and the oversalted fries, the atmosphere, service, and food were absolutely fantastic at this new restaurant. Will definitely be back soon.
The server was very welcoming and on top of his game. Started off with cheese platter for appetizer. Was pretty good. The fish and chips were crisp and fresh served with really good coleslaw.  The fries were ok. We had a very nice group of nine ordering from the steak fries to duck with cherry sauce. Everyone loved there entrees. Then came the desserts lemon custard etc. It was a nice dining experience and not rushed.  The bill was divided up with a little recalculating. And all seemed to enjoy the evening.
So so so impressed with this place and I just can't get over it. Very unassuming storefront in the Mills50 area. The interior is clean and homey, yet unpretentiously trendy at the same time if that makes any sense at all. The menu is seasonal and ingredients are local. Normally, a short menu is a sign of quality food (What they do they do very well), and this place is no exception. The service is on point and the staff is extremely knowledgeable. Everything about this place is perfect and I will be coming back very soon.
So I've been wanting to go here for a while now. I looked up the menu and fell in absolute love with the coffee chili skirt steak and the salmon that they had listed on the yelp menu. When we got to the restaurant, they didn't have either of these items on the menu. I was actually pretty disappointed. I ordered the Pretzel with Pimento Cheese as a starter - I LOVE pimento cheese, like actual love. It isn't very used in Florida, but it is EVERYWHERE in Atlanta, I was excited to get some of that, I could have had multiple pretzels, although one minor issue I had with the pretzel was the amount of salt on them, I just picked it off, no biggie. I ordered the Mahi with Quinoa salad - The mahi was weird for me, it was okay, fresh for sure, but under seasoned (I should have saved the salt from the pretzel). Overall it was just fine, not worth its price in my opinion. The quinoa salad however was excellent. My other half ordered the Strand Burger with blue cheese on the side. The burger was cooked perfectly, the bacon was crunchy, and even though there was no cheese on it, it totally carried its own with the flavors. The hot peppers were unique and very well accepted. We finished off with the Olive Oil Cake  -  I really liked this, it was not very sweet, but the whipped cream and the citrus were great, the cake itself, maybe there was too much hype on yelp, maybe I was expecting something different, or maybe they were having an off night. I was expecting it to be life changing, but it was just good for me. If it weren't for the yelp hype I would have ordered the chocolate bread pudding with peanut butter and bacon, and I kind of felt like I would have enjoyed that more. Overall, I'm coming back, I didn't love my entree, but Mahi isn't even my favorite, Ill have to wait until their menu changes, which I'm thinking is often since the menu said "Printed on April 25th" and we were there on the 26th. Hopefully I get a chance to try that Coffee Chili Skirt Steak. - Other things that looked good on that menu were the Panko Chicken, which was filled with prosciutto and mozzarella, and the Salmon with dill and cucumber over faro salad. I wonder if there is a way to check back on what the menu is? maybe facebook or twitter, I'll have to look out for that skirt steak! I love me a coffee rub.
I won a dinner out through a Yelp event and this was one of the places suggested.  I had never heard of it but my friend who was coming with us had been wanting to The Strand so I was game.  And I'm so glad we chose it!! First off, I decided not to get any beer or wine since I'm pretty picky and ordered my standard coke.  It came in an adorable glass bottle!   I ordered the Picnic Basket.  It was a Cornish hen with blue cheese mashed potatoes and wilted greens.  I expected the hen to have skin kind of like rotisserie chicken.  But it came out like fried chicken.  I'm not sure what was in the batter but it was something a touch different and it was delicious!!  The blue cheese mashed potatoes were what sold me on getting the entrée.  Unfortunately, it didn't taste enough like blue cheese for me.  It kind of just tasted like mashed potatoes.  As for the wilted greens, not my favorite thing.  I'd normally substitute them but on the bottom of the menu, it said no substitutions.  And you know what?  I'm so glad I got them.  I decided to try a bite and they were really good!!  I was pleasantly surprised and finished all of them! For dessert we split the infamous olive oil cake and a berry crumble.  I was intrigued with the olive oil cake.  Everyone raved over it, but in my head I thought it would take like olive oil and be disgusting.  Oh I was so wrong!  There was no olive oil taste at all.  It was just a super moist, yummy cake with this lush mascarpone cream on top.  As for the crumble, I'm not really a fruity dessert girl (unless it's bananas) but this crumble was also amazing.  I found myself going back for more and more. I'm so so glad I got to try this place!  I'll definitely be bring friends back here to try it out again!
The wait for food was a bit long as they cook things fresh to order, but its worth the wait. I had The Strand Burger and it was delicious and perfectly cooked. The jalapenos gives it a real nice kick of heat, and all burgers with a brioche bun is a total win! The restaurant is fairly small, around 10 tables with some bar seating as well. Might be a bit difficult with a large group. Parking is either parallel in the front or on the side street next to it.
Delightful place, wonderful menu, great service! I had the buttermilk chicken sandwich and it was delicious!! The cole slaw was amazing, even the pickles were good!!
Cute new restaurant in the Mills 50 district. It has a rustic but clean look to it that is pleasantly Martha Stewart--comfortable, but arranged. They have a nice craft beer list for a small restaurant, including some Florida breweries. Between my wife and I, we had their signature burger, a fried chicken sandwich, a pretzel, and a chocolate Nutella bread pudding. All were excellent. I'm a huge fan of great bread, and I have to say that their sandwich rolls were phenomenal. Service was attentive but not obtrusive. I look forward to stopping by again sometime soon.
I was really excited to try this place after reading the great reviews. I have to say, I was disappointed. It was not bad, just average and nothing special. It seemed the dish of the night was the red snapper and, the whole restaurant smelled like fish. The wine selection was so-so. I had one of the salads to start and the bacon dressing did make the otherwise plain salad. I got the last snapper of the night. Since everyone was ordering it, I assumed it was the thing to get. The portion size was small and, I was left a little hungry. The fish was pretty good, topped with a lemon and caper sauce. The asparagus was cooked nicely but, I would have liked more of it! The rice was average. It tasted like the Uncle Ben's microwave pouches which I actually like :) I thought the dessert was the best part. I had the olive oil cake which was moist, tasty, and not too sweet. I also tried the bacon bread pudding which was decadent. Like I said, it was just nothing spectacular and there was not much of a selection. I probably would not go back, at least for dinner.
Yum! What a fun new restaurant! I was really excited to try this place based on all of the reviews, so I waited until I was craving a delicious sandwich to stop by. Initially I was very hesitant about the limited menu--a lot of seafood items, which I don't eat--but most of the items looked so delicious it was hard to decide! I selected the buttermilk chicken sandwich. It was so perfectly breaded and fried, on fresh bread with bacon and honey mustard and the perfect subtle spicy kick! I am already setting up plans to go back to try the bread pudding and burger. Amazing food, AND from sitting down to paying we were taken care of in 30 minutes! Why 4 stars? Inconvenient parking, a very small amount of seating (we had to sit at the bar) and I would have liked a side other than cole slaw
Hate to do this, because the food is tasty for sure. But the portions are too small. Had an appetizer and an entree and it just wasn't enough food for $24. And, the chefs (also the owners I believe), working in a wide open kitchen, need to not look like they hate being there. Never a smile, no nod to the folks sitting at the bar right in front of them, no welcome or thanks - just total sourpusses. I watched the owner/chef/guy pull a large bag of Ore-Ida frozen fries and dump them into the fryolater. I get it, not everybody hand cuts their fries, and food suppliers stock the same brands they sell in the supermarket, but I'd rather not know that I could have simply got my fries from Publix on Colonial. Will try again.
I'm really starting to like this place.  The first time I tried it out, they were still working out a few kinks, but it really seems like they've responded to the feedback they received early on. The staff here isn't just friendly, they're knowledgeable about what they're serving you too!  It doesn't matter if it's a drink or food, they can tell you an interesting fact about it.  They also have a lot of fun facts about their décor as well! Everything I have tried has been super tasty, but I especially recommend the Beet and Citrus Salad, which I have been craving since I first tasted it (yes, craving a salad)! And don't forget to save room for dessert.  Their Olive Oil cake is a unique delight, and every other dessert item is delicious as well.
Oh my.... Just checked out The Strand's dinner menu last night and it blew me away. I had the Salmon, poached in courtbouillon with cucumber-dill sauce, potatoes, and green beans. The salmon was phenomenal! It was cooked to perfection and the sides were not prepared to play second fiddle either. The potatoes were crispy on the outside and wonderfully seasoned - a perfect fit with the fish and greens. We got the crab cakes app, which sits on a green tomato and relish with a fantabulous remoulade. Our server showed us the Sunday brunch menu and it included a crab cake eggs benedict-- so I will undoubtedly be joining the good folks at The Strand again on Sunday. But don't stop there! The deserts were the stars this time around. We ordered the Olive Oil Cake, which came with slices of fresh citrus and a mascarpone topping (like a thick whipped cream), and I would be lying if I didn't tell you that it changed my life. I may just leave my job, family, and friends and move to Italy to learn how to make this cake (that, or go back to The Strand and order it again...). It was absolutely divine! So much so that I annoyed many of my friends with obnoxious texts telling them to drop everything and get to the restaurant to order one for themselves. They are fools and did not take my advice. So glad they started serving dinner and I hope that more people discover this (there were only a few other diners as the server said most people haven't caught on to the extended hours yet).
I was excited to try this place out. Some friends and I tried going when they weren't open for dinner yet, so I decided to go for a work lunch instead. I took a chance and invited my coworkers, one of which is very picky about where he eats (he's more of a chain restaurant kind of guy). We parked along the side street, by the Lake Highland Prep school extension, less than a minutes walk away. I'm not sure if I saw a very small parking area behind it, otherwise it's street parking along mills and the side streets for this place. Upon entering the side entrance, we were greeted by a waitress, who I was surprised to see was someone I was acquainted with from another restaurant I go to. She seemed to remember me too, with a bit of surprise and a smile too. Right away I felt comfortable and a good feeling about the place. It was early, at about 11:40 AM. It was us and 1 other patron at the time, which worried me that word hadn't gotten out about their opening yet. I ordered the Buttermilk Chicken sandwich, which came with a side of Cole Slaw. I didn't realize this and would have probably asked for a different side, because I'm not a fan of Cole Slaw. The Chicken make up for it and I enjoyed it thoroughly. I also had and liked their honey/agave sweetened Iced Tea. My coworkers loved their meals and the atmosphere of the place, even the picky one. They had the Fish and Chips, and the Cheesesteak.  I got 5 stars for my lunch choice when we got back to the office:) As people entered, they all seemed to know each other. The place was only opened a couple of weeks and already it seemed like a local neighborhood sensation. The owner talked to us a bit and explained how he had another restaurant by Ocoee, but opened this place because he lived in the neighborhood. This made me yearn to live in the Colonial Town area too. By the end of the meal, the place was nearly packed, as it was nearing 1 PM and some more people were coming in. I ordered the Olive Oil Cake to go, which has mascarpone frosting on it. it was delicious as an afternoon snack at work. I can't wait to try the place for dinner or a weekend lunch, and get a drink from their short list of craft beers and wines, at the counter or table.
Strand - Noun. A thread forming a unity within a larger weave. LOVE! This new spot took over the British Diner on the corner of Mills in Mills50 and let me tell you, you wouldn't even know anything was here before, especially a diner. It's so gorgeous and fresh when you walk in; you really are transported to a true neighborhood gem outside of what was once here. "The Strand was conceived as a small neighborhood restaurant with the purpose of becoming an everyday tradition in the larger fabric of Orlando." I just love everything about their goals. You can really feel the neighborhood touch. The decor is simple, relaxed and open. The kitchen is small and open so you can see everything going on. There is bar seating, tables and a wall booth. The menu is local, fresh and seasonal. I went with a salad to start and it was good but nothing amazing, just fresh and refreshing. Good starter! I went with the Philly Cheesesteak, and if you follow my reviews, you know I am a Philly girl and judge harshly. Well, this was delicious, however, I would have called it a Steak Sandwich, not a Cheesesteak. The steak was top quality but sliced, not shredded. The roll is from Olde Hearth Bread Company and it was so fresh and fluffy with a crisp outside, perfection. The onions and peppers with cheese added to the flavor and overall, I really can't wait to have it again. Just not what I would picture a "Philly." The staff was extremely attentive and friendly. Gotta dig a spot with good service. I am so glad they are here and I hope moving forward they bring on dinner hours. Until then, stop in here for a nice, local lunch and grab some craft beer or wine while you are at it. Plenty of parking on Mills and the side streets!
I was excited to finally make it out to the Strand for lunch. The restaurant while small is decorated well with a very nice green color scheme. I really like what they did with the space. I ordered the bocadilla for lunch and it was amazing. Picture yourself walking around Spain and sightseeing with your prosciutto sandwich - that is pretty much how I felt while I was devouring my sandwich. Fresh bread toasted just right. So good. On the side was a curry cous cous. While good, I can only eat a bit of curry flavored food so I didn't eat too much of it. I took home the famous olive oil cake to eat later. It was everything that others said it would be. I want to go back and get more of that. I am still thinking about it. My next visit will be for dinner. I think the menu expands and I look forward to dining with a nice glass of wine.
I'm a big fan of the Strand although the service is less than impressive which is the only reason I didn't give it a 5 star.  The place is small but I've always visited for lunch during the week so I haven't had a hard time finding a table.  The menu changes a little bit and they have daily specials not on the menu so if your waiter doesn't speak up right away about them be sure to ask.  I really enjoy the Avocado sandwich that has brie, tomatoes, sprouts, and mayo because its just got a great flavor combo and it feels like a lighter meal that fills me up.  There are some rotating craft beers on tap and although I've never been able to order one (since im always on lunch break from work) there's always something i want to try.
I've been back about 4 times since the first review. It's definitely 5 stars in my opinion. The Strand Burger is one of my favorite burgers in town. The Buttermilk chicken sandwich is heavenly! The staff are polite and attentive, and the owners are always in sight, working hard. This is now a regular lunch place for me.
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in all of Orlando.  There are very few places that hit the right mix of good, fresh food, and proper sized portions while still being affordable.  The Strand really knocks that out of the park, the food is always fresh, they will tell you where most of the food comes from (locally sourced), and it's delicious!  What more could you ask for. We've been here twice and this last time I got the burger, here is the only thing bad I can say about it - they should use blue cheese crumbles instead of blue cheese dressing - that's it, and that's a super nit-picky point.  The burger was perfectly cooked, well topped, a large size, and the fries were excellent, crispy without being oily.  I've also had the chicken sandwich which is excellent as well, imagine everything you like about the Chic-fil-a spicy chicken sandwich but it's actually cooked with fresh, local ingredients! Lastly, I love that they switch out menu items and dessert fairly regularly so there is always a new bread pudding to try out.  The one thing I would mention is if you have your heart set on a dessert item, to call ahead and ask about it, sometimes what is listed on the menu is not what is for dessert...but everything I've had there has been very delicious. Also, in terms of decor, it's sort of hipster-chic (the norm for mills), but nothing over the top.  It does suffer from a lack of parking spots, and has few tables, but I've never had to park more than a block away and never had to wait to get seated (although we did sit at the park both times).
Just stopped in for late lunch, glad we did.  Not that hungry, I had crab cakes starter and my husband had the fish and chips. Initially I thought crab cakes were too small but since it came with two tomato slices topped with a nice vinaigrette and delicious cole slaw it was perfect. Very pleased. My hubby really liked the fish and chips because it was perfectly battered. Not heavy. More importantly it was not greasy.   Worth going. It is small and quaint So I can imagine a wait fri and sat nights.
Had lunch here on January 15, 2014, the second day it was open. The decor is quaint and reminded me of a small version of a Founding Fathers restaurant I tried in DC once. It has a full bar, but I don't think that will get a lot of use until they start opening for dinner in about two weeks. There is a ton of on-street and on-site parking. I had the Strand Burger and fries for lunch. The burger has lettuce, tomato, onion, bacon and jalapeño peppers, topped with blue cheese dressing. The burger was juicy, and all the ingredients were fresh and tasteful. They don't have room for soda fountain set ups, so soda is served in cans or bottles. I prefer that, but like to let people know before they get there. The service was fast and attentive without being hovering. I recommend it as a great new lunch venue in the ViMi district and hope it does well.
Great new addition to the Mills/50 area. The food is delicious and even though they only have a small selection of craft beer, it's a great selection that compliments the food. I've been here for lunch and dinner and was thoroughly impressed each time!
Absolutely enjoyed my first experience at the Strand! They market themselves as an American-Bistro and it has this quiet, Pleasantville-like charm yet still looks modern.  The restaurant is narrow and long with a few wood tables on one side and a bar and stools on the other.  They have one long table which seats 6-8 for larger parties.  I went with a group of 4 for a girls night out, and hung out there from 8:30-10:30, and never felt rushed to leave even though we were one of the last tables there.  I ordered the duck slider appetizer which came with two sliders, piled with delicious crunchy duck meat, pickles and a sweet sauce.  I also ordered the seasonal salad which had melt in your mouth grilled peaches, extremely strong blue cheese and candied bacon.  Every bite was a party in my mouth!   I did feel that each plate could be $1 less, If I'm paying 9.50 for a salad I would like it to be a little more filling.  They also have a nice small collection of craft beer and wines- I enjoyed a St. Bernardus with my meal.   Service was very attentive, the only issue we had was they aren't able to split a check (which they do advertise on their website) so we had to break out the calculator and write down what to put on each card- a minor inconvenience.  The don't have a private parking lot but there is plenty of street parking.
Finally had a chance to check this place out for lunch today. Really enjoyed everything about it. Simple, yet welcoming atmosphere, good service and just enough menu options to leave you with choices but not feeling overwhelmed. Looking forward to checking it out for dinner.
So I came in here with high expectations being that the company I was with gave it rave reviews. The waitress was very helpful and knew her heady brews from top to bottom. SO and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich while our company got fish and chips. I will honestly say the food was in the good-great range. Tasty meals that were borderline foodsnob esq., however still grounded to your blue coller man. Everything was find and dandy till the end (Which is why I knocked down a star). Our wonderful waitress decided to not let us leave. She gave us our check and would not let us pay the bill. We literally waited 20 minutes check and credit card in hand and she would not come over. Finally our company got up and handed it to her for a prompt check out. Very strange. Probably would still go back, I guess just have to be more assertive next time.
Enjoyed the vibe that the strand gave off once I entered. The interior was Very home-y and rustic with a touch of modern, which goes hand and hand with their menu concept. I had their French press coffee which was exactly what I needed and had their pisto de espagne which included zuchini, tomatoes, home fried potatoes, prosciutto topped with a sunny side egg and two large slices of baguette toasted. It was very good and filling. Everything worked well together. I will definitely be back for dinner to try out their other dishes and dessert. FYI brunch menu is only served on Saturdays.
The Orlando Slantinel highly recommended this new place , so off the three of us went for lunch  several weeks ago. We had the fish and chips which neither friend said was very good . ( This coming from fantastic cooks )  I ordered the buttermilk chicken sandwich with a nice side of coleslaw. (Unique and light  made , i  believe, with apples as well as cabbage.) I enjoyed my sandwich but ...... The place has an old school vibe, clean and small in size, and a great location on Mills. Should give it another try before throwing in the napkin. Needs some work.
Great food, family owned place.
This place is amazing! It's small and intimate and very hipster shabby chic. There were so many delicious things it was hard to pick one. I got the meatloaf sandwich and it was the best meatloaf I've ever had. It tasted more like a burger. The quinoa it came with was on point. For dessert I got banana pudding with kumquats and I almost licked the plate. I'm definitely coming back to try diff things.
I had been meaning to try this place for awhile and finally had lunch here today. The decor inside is nice... Our host and server were also. The menu? Mostly sandwiches with some meat/side meals. A lot of things looked interesting on their pretty simple menu- I went with the Buttermilk chicken Sammy and an IPA- my sis did the roast beef. Mine came with a side of cole slaw- I thought about ordering another side and wish I had. The sandwich? Great. Good quality chicken, perfect breasting and yum honey mustard. My sis wasn't impressed with her sandwich- it boasted of prosciutto and fried scallions which they forgot- she sent it back. The waitress sensed her diss appointment and asked - very attentive. She did also inform us of specials- all which sounded yummy too. I will def being trying this place again- a simple but exciting menu. Cute place! Beers? They have about 5 on draft and ten bottles, no ciders- but a decent wine choice. Saw a lot if tables ordering coffee which came out in a French press- will try that next ( : !!!
I love the Strand so much. I've eaten here several times: twice for lunch and twice for dinner.  The food isn't over complicated, but prepared with excellence. It is a small, cozy space, so just be aware of that if you have a larger party or are dining during popular hours. It's a great place to pop in at sit at the bar for lunch though.
I've passed by this adorable new place several times and finally got a chance to eat lunch here today. Sweet!!! I went with three coworkers and we all thoroughly enjoyed our food. Two got the Fish and Chips, one got the Salad and Fries, and the third got the Grilled Meatloaf sandwich. Let's break it down..... Restaurant is clean. I like that they kept the retro charm of the old restaurant, but with a fresh coat of paint and Minimalist Decor, was able to make it "New" again. Prices were reasonable and ranged from about $9.00 to $11.00. Soda drinkers will need to get their fix elsewhere. But about this later...... Fish and Chips: French Fries were the small shoestring type and came out crisp and hot. Fish was Mahi Mahi today and very tasty - though they could have used a little less batter for my liking....but I thought the breading was tasty nonetheless. Coleslaw on the side had a lovely presentation in a leaf of red cabbage and I liked that it wasn't too mayonaisey. YUM YUM YUMMY. Meatloaf Sandwich: Not for the weekend dieters. Had a great flavor and was presented on a homemade grilled Texas Toast (minus the grease). I'm getting this for myself next trip!!! Came with a side a Quinoa Salad- umm- No Thanks!- but my coworker said she really enjoyed it. The Salad: Looked rather uneventful but she said there was a great balance between the pears and the Bleu Cheese and she had no complaints. Came with a side of fries, Funny. I guess it was the Good and Evil Meal of the day! Overall, we all agreed to come back for a second round. Be warned though, service is OMG S....L....O.....W !!!! Lunch was a good hour and a half and the server was nonexistant unless he was taking our order, delivering our food, then the bill. The food made up for the lack of attentiveness thankfully!!! Side note: Sodas are served in a can with a side of ice and I believe was like $2. OUCH!!! I'd recommend the water, but that was a bust too. Water was served from a carafe and was lacking any hint of ice. Strange (even stranger that I reuested a glass of ice and it never appeared).....must be an ice shortage these days! Give it a try!! Im sure you will enjoy! Not the kind of place I would visit more than a few times a month but I would enjoy it the times I went. They are closed on Sundays and Mondays, so keep that in the back of your mind.   Next time I'd like to try dinner and enjoy my oh-so long wait for my food over a lovely glass of wine. Perfect place to kick back with friends on a weeknight.
Very good food. Very nice staff. Came in on a Thursday around 8pm and was seated immediately for a party of 2. I got their burger and my date got the fish & chips and they were both very good. The atmosphere was good, not too loud and not to quiet. We were able to chat with each other no problem. We also stayed a bit past closing and the staff did not seem to have a problem with it and were very nice about letting us know when we finally had to leave. One thing I would note is their food and drink menu were different from what is posted on their website. Also, I think the waitress said their beers are constantly rotating so they were even out of one of the beers on the menu, but it was no big deal. Their beer selection was good for Orlando with some very highly rated beers from around the country. Would recommend and will go back!
Wow!! I was so impressed with the Strand. Such lovely atmosphere in a cute part of town. Most of all, the food is unique which is something lacking nowadays don't you think? People at the table loved the duck sliders and I died over the burger. Thought it was a TAD odd I couldn't get some kind of ranch though but I'll let it slide :) awesome craft beer too!!!
Intimate ambiance and the food is just right -- simple, tasty, not too much "rah rah" hype! Service is not in your face; they're pleasant. When the trend of New American gets too crazy bacon "new," this place takes it back to the roots and makes the genre attainable and appreciated again. Cute lil surprise in this neck of the woods.
I like the old fashionedness of this place. It is pretty small so  you are lucky to get a table at dinner time. I loved the dessert which was a crumble. It is off Mills so a great part of town for original restaurants. Excellent choice for an intimate date night. We sat at the bar and enjoyed the meal.
Service was great, and the atmosphere was cool.  The chicken sandwich was alright, but the shrimp salad was great
I am always glad to see a new local business open up, and am quick to try them out.  The Strand offers good food with a twist, without getting too crazy.  A little pricey, but not overly so. The decor is rustic and cozy, but a little cramped and seating is limited. It's great to see another restaurant in Mills/50 rather than another bar.
We have been here a few times and are never disappointed. Great service, well-curated selection of drinks and excellent entrees. The kale coleslaw alone is worth coming in to try (it came with my delicious fish and chips) and the olive oil cake is a must. Love it!
Strand, along with Scratch in Winter Park, are my two new favorites in town. Strand is a simple concept that reminded us of a Paris bistro; small, simple tables, an open kitchen a small bar. The service was laid back, and the chef was accessible (just walk over to the open kitchen and say hi). We had a pretzel, which was not only delicious but came with some of the best spicy yellow mustard I've ever had (it also came with pimiento cheese spread, which was fine, but the mustard was what I remembered). We each had a salad: grilled raddichio (eh, ok), and beet citrus (very nice). The Picnic Basket came highly recommended: fried cornish hen (would never have thought to fry a cornish hen!), bleu cheese mashed potatoes, and wilted spinach. Really delicious, and no possible way I could eat all of it. The lamb chops were very nice and perfectly cooked, also with bleu cheese mash (saving on kitchen costs) and grilled asparagus. The olive oil cake with homemade cream and citrus slices was unforgettable (reminded us of our favorite flourless lemon almond cake from Rue Dumaine in Dayton, which is a story for another time, but if you are visiting Dayton, don't miss Chef Anne's food). The wine list was short but nice. We tried three different reds, all nice, with the Sean Minor cab winning the night, and only $8/glass. We will definitely be back.
It seems as though every weekend a new restaurant pops up begging for a visit from my mouth, and who am I to neglect a tasty new experience?  This past weekend we visited a new spot, close to home, called The Strand.  I won't lie and tell you that I remember Chuck's Diner that previously held this small piece of real estate on Mills Ave.  I honestly have no recollection of it, despite having visited other neighboring store fronts. After browsing some reviews that boasted mostly about their brunch offerings, we headed over around dusk on a Friday evening.  We arrived to a completely full restaurant and bar.  It's a small space, but the owners seemed to use the square footage much like other restaurants in town that we have visited recently.  Most the of the space for seating comes from a long banquette with tables lining the length of it .  There were a few lone two-tops, and one communal table. There were a few seats open at the communal table, but the taken side had kids using it as their jungle gym, so we decided to wait it out. Within about 5 minutes a two-top opened up and the staff quickly cleaned it and sat us.  From a ex-server standpoint I could tell their staff knew their best bet for making good money in a smaller sized restaurant was going to come from quickly turning tables, and as the patron I appreciated their efficient speed. You could easily see the kitchen from any vantage point which I liked. Nothing is hidden and a kitchen staff that can be out in the open, being seen and not heard, in my opinion is organized and has their act together. Like many newer restaurants in Orlando, beer and wine are the only options.  I opted for a flavored Pellegrino and my husband got one of their craft beers on tap which our served explained changed on a regular basis. They had a small but varied list of appetizers, and we chose the warm pretzels.  They are made with dough from the local Olde Hearth Bread Company is Casselberry.  I was very skeptical of the Pimento Cheese dip they came with but I was very pleasantly surprised.  It had a great flavor and may have possibly changed my usual abhorrence of all things Pimento.  Two large pretzels, served hot and crispy, but soft inside was a great kick off to our meal. For our meals I chose the "Porkzilla", pulled pork and coleslaw on brioche bun with fries, and Ian got the Fish & Chips.  I really liked my sandwich, although next time I go I might ask how the pork was seasoned.  There were flavors I could not identify (not that my palette is so sophisticated that I normally can) and with the topping of coleslaw on the pork  there were different flavors mixing about - all good, just mysterious.  I do wish my fries had been just a tad softer. Overcooked fries are by far the worst bummer and often most repeated offender when I dine out.  I did however clean my plate, because fries are fries, am I right? Ian got the Fish and Chips and dug into them before I could stop him so it's not pictured.  He enjoyed them but did mention that the London Pavilion in Epcot's were better. Oh Disney, you strike again, blinding the mind of the local eater.  I was able to steal a piece of fish and can say the breading was light and crispy and the fish was tender. Never one to say no to desert despite how full I may be, I ordered the Olive Oil cake.  That was honestly what got me in the door after seeing it repeatedly in my Instagram feed by other Orlando foodies. Ian took the name quite literally and upon me ordering it he reacted with disgust and horror. "OLIVE OIL CAKE?" he exclaimed. After I forced him to try it he couldn't keep his spoon off my plate!  The cake was so moist, topped with fresh cream, and what I assume were blood oranges but tasted more like grapefruit.  I really need to work on my fruit identification. It was a light, creamy, citrus dream and I wanted more! I hope they never take it off the menu. It should be noted that in several online reviews I saw complaints of slow service, but we experienced no such thing, and on a busy Friday evening no less.  Our server was a young lady that was pleasant and quick. Overall I thoroughly enjoyed my meal, and I am very happy with this new addition to the Mills/50 hood. I can't wait to try the other offerings on the menu. It's nice to have an option nearby that doesn't have the words Pho on the menu.
My friend and I came for lunch we walked in around 1pm and was not greeted or acknowledged for literally 10 minutes. We waiting because the food looked so good and we had already dealt with the street parking. The food was good but the service is horrible. They take forever to bring everything. I probably won't be back but enjoyed my cheesesteak.
We came for the olive oil cake.
Went for my birthday after reading all these great reviews. The experience was mixed. Service was slow as molasses and our waitress never once smiled. Maybe it's because I had the audacity to bring my kids in with me. I know everybody has their own opinions on the matter but we arrived at 5:30 so as to not disturb crowds during the big dinner rush. But I never got the sense we were welcome there. And this is not a place that screams high falutin' either. The food was good. Got the picnic basket. The fried hen was terrific but the sides were average. I'm a sucker for french press coffee so I ordered it. Unfortunately, it was cold! Not many things worse than cold, mediocre coffee. Not when you heart coffee like me. What's worth trying is the olive oil cake. I ordered it because of the raves on here. Totally worth it! Really the best part of the experience.
Three letters to describe the strand--wow. Three more---OMG. My fiancé and I went to The Strand on a whim for dinner. While almost hidden from the outside this is a complete gem once inside. I ordered the two specials, a greens salad with grilled peach, blue cheese, candied pecans and a citrus dressing which was a perfect summer offering. For entree I had a bacon wrapped grilled grouper with goat cheese mashed potatoes. Goat cheese mashed potatoes with bacon on the plate are you kidding me? God, is that you? My fiancé ordered the strand burger which was so delicious with many different flavorings including jalapeño, blue cheese and bacon. In addition we also ordered a bottle of Riesling that was offered as a special. All this for under $80 before top. Service was pleasant and impeccable. In my humble opinion, The Strand rivals The Chefs Table at a fraction of the price. A serious bravo to the owners, management and staff. It was a real treat and is now in our rotation of favorites.
Last minute decision to go there - but heard great reviews.  Overall good food but the salad portions were small relative to price.  Beet & Orange Segment salad was great but felt like I got the last portion from the bowl.  It's field greens for god sake - you can throw in a few more leaves to fill the plate up. Pork tenderloin, roasted brussels sprouts and corn cake was tasty and correct amount served on a 8" dinner plate.  Overall decent place, convenient but not rushing back within the week... .
First time in. Lots of natural light, open and airy, they made great use of the space. I had the brie avocado sandwich, very good. Will have to update when I have been here more times. Small but good selection of beers on tap - maduro, swamp head, etc, and a nice little wine list. Edit: just spoke to the owner, he is very nice!
Best salmon in Orlando, perfectly done, skin not soggy. My wife had fish and chips and fish was flaky, and moist like butter. This will be a staple place in Orlando foodies.
Although only opened a short time, esp for dinner, it won gold stars all around...sorry, too much Olympics.     Service with Monica - attentive and knowledgeable.    Ambiance - fresh, clean, great music (hard to hear with high noise level) - only suggestion would be to do 1/2 bottom window curtains to avoid fish bowl effect, esp at night. Next visit will be dinner of appetizers - finally found a (delicious) pate in Orlando - and to try dessert with French press coffee. Portions can be shared, allowing you to sample the short but ample menu. Love that Chef appreciates a good burger is welcome at lunch and dinner.   Wine and Beer offerings - a Calif wine or two would be nice, and while craft beers are all the rage, how about a few other regular options? As a Francophile, I enjoyed the nod to French training I tasted from the kitchen...please support this little jewel that we welcome to the neighborhood!
Food is delicious! Service attentive but lacked enthusiasm; she didnt offer any explanations or recommendations on the menu. Will definitely be back but i would have liked to have walked away with an idea of what Strand is all about. By the taste of it, its definitely about quality ingredients and well thought out flavor profiles. 5/5!
Love this place! The Strand has the feel of a neighborhood diner with its modern decor that skillfully incorporates those diner-retro touches, but a delicious and creative menu that's a step above diner fare. Like many of the new places opening around town lately, there's a focus on local/seasonal, in an unpretentious way. The buttermilk chicken sandwich - topped with bacon, lettuce, tomato and a touch of honey mustard - was just perfect. I am usually meh on coleslaw but their apple-fennel version won me over. Chocolate mousse cake with a hint of rum and side of fresh fruit is delish. Craft beer and wine (French, Spanish and Italian selections all hovering around the $30/bottle price point - would love to see them keep it local and offer some Quantum Leap wine!) are available and service was excellent.
Amazing neighborhood restaurant.  I have been in several times since they opened earlier this year and have yet to be disappointed.  Their brunch (french press coffee and the Pisto de Espagne please) is amazing -- I just wish they were open on Sundays!  I've also had their fried chicken, porkzilla, burger, and snapper -- all delish!  And I can never go without getting a pretzel to start - that pimento cheese spread is where it's at.  Unfortunately I have yet to try the famous olive oil cake -- I've just been too full by the end of every visit!
I have been excited to try the strand ever since their sign went up over half a year ago right after Chucks closed. I am glad to say this quaint neighborhood eatery does not disappoint! The first thing I noticed upon waling in was how well the owners renovated the spot. I loved the simplicity an no frills idea of Chucks, but will admit it was in need of a face lift. The strand has been decorated with calming colors and a ton of custom reclaimed wood benches, tables, bars, and shelves. The vibe is great! We were immediately greeted with waters, and the server took our drink order, which was a bottle of rose Prosecco from Italy (YOLO). It was a nice medium dry bubbly and a decent value at $30. So far so good. Next up were the appetizers. We ordered the chopped salad, as well as a pretzel with house made mustard and pimento cheese on the side. We were pleasantly surprised to see the pretzel (and all other buns and bread products) are sourced locally from the stellar Old Hearth Bread Company. The mustard was tasty, but spicy which I like. Their unique take on pimento cheese was a winner, and helped balance out the spice from my earlier bite with mustard. The salad was super fresh iceberg with blue cheese, bacon, and what appeared to be heirloom tomatoes. The blue cheese dressing was a perfect mix of creamy, cheesey, vinegary deliciousness. I would have licked the plate, but was sternly warned by my more socially adept wife. She almost had to spray my nose with a water bottle. Close call! Next, we split the fish and chips since we are both little people (don't hate). I was relieved that the fish is LIGHTLY fried and is not dripping wet with oil like some F&C that I have had. The melt-in-your-mouth white fish (cod) paired perfectly with the tartar sauce served on the side. Shoe string fries were nicely fried and had good seasoning on them. The kale-slaw, as I will call it was a nice balance of vinegar and sugar, and it even had bits of chopped kale in it! Kale, so hot right now....Kale. WOW! Are you still reading this review. You are a trooper. We ended the night with the Olive Oil Cake, which I will highly recommend. It was a nice portion, not too large. Although one look into my wife's eyes and I could see her saying "what is this, a cake for ANTS? This needs to be at least....THREE times bigger!!!" She fat. Anyway, the cake was served with a scoop of house made whipped cream and garnished with sweet blood oranges. ERMAHGERD!!! This was a great way to end dinner. The delicate olive oil flavor jived really well with the thick sugary whipped cream. They were doing the tango together, ya know? A tango in my mouth! Then I licked the plate and got sprayed in the face like a common dog. It was worth it. The end.
For a place that opened yesterday, I am impressed! The food is very flavorful and the decor is nice! Great little lunch spot!!
The Strand offers great American fare with slight twists.  Example #1: the incredible "meatloaf sandwich" I ordered for lunch, with pimento cheese spread on grilled sourdough.  Hearty and simply wonderful.  Quinoa on the side made it a great meal.  My wife and our coworker each ordered the avocado sandwich, which had brie, sprouts, tomato, mayonnaise, vinaigrette served on a wheat baguette with seasonal coleslaw.  They raved about it.  More importantly, the entire staff was wonderful: our server, the cook ( who might have been the owner??) and another person.  Lastly, the desert we all shared was the olive oil cake, which sounds weird but was fabulous!  Just a great place, stop there and be glad you did!
Without a doubt a 5 star... this little neighborhood place has it all ... food, wine, service and ambiance... we need more locally own places like this in town.   Above all, the food was incredible!!!
Enjoyed lunch there today and plan to head back for dinner. We shared a Bocadillia sandwich which had the most delicious aioli with prosciutto rather than serano (sad face but it was just fine the way it was) and tasty sliced monchego cheese, served on a perfectly crusty light baquette.  As well as a very good BLT (my go to sandwich when I am not sure - and I would easily order it again.  The housemade slaw was Fantastic!  Knowledgeable wait staff.   This is my new fave lunch place - looking forward to dinner tonight and I will update, 3 hours later - Brought my husband back and enjoyed a light dinner (since I had just left there 3 hours ago).  We shared the red snapper hash.  The hash was delicious, though I wish there were more of it, not greasy and just plain tasty. The poached egg was a little overdone but still a lovely local Lake Meadow farms egg.  He had the Picnic Basket which was a cornflake crusted fried Cornish hen that was moist and tender, served with mustard mashed potatoes and fantastic wilted greens. My husband ate his vegies which means they were superb.  We finished our light dinner with the citrus olive oil cake which was topped by some of the best whipped cream ever (maybe it was whipped mascarpone) We both really like the atmosphere, service and food and look forward to returning. Wonderful addition to the foodie trail.  It was one of the first time we did not eat Asian in the Mills 50 district.
The food was good. I had the buttermilk chicken but my friend had the cheesesteak and it was the better choice. We both ordered dessert. All the reviews said how amazing the olive oil cake was. I ordered a special they had that day of rice pudding. I preferred the rice pudding. Service was very slow. It took 15 minutes to even be acknowledged but the servers when we walked in. When asked additional service (ie for more water, condiments, and food boxes) the server seemed to forget each request each time, and we had to ask again for each of them. It's not a huge place and the three servers seemed very overwhelmed.  Overall the service was the worst part and very slow.
Came in for the early bird special...was pleasantly surprised by the amazing food!  Highly recommend The Strand
I was visiting Orlando and was looking for a nice place to get brunch. Yelp already had so many positive reviews posted for this place I was instantly interested in dining at The Strand.  When I arrived, I noticed the atmosphere was wonderful and that the colors of the wall were really welcoming.  Our waitress was serving her first brunch; she was extra attentive to myself and the group I was eating with. I noticed that regardless of how busy the staff seemed at brunch that it did not take very long for us to get our food and the service we received didn't suffer either. Needless to say, every bit of food I had was completely delectable.  Great food, service, relaxed atmosphere and a great experience.  Why are you not there right now?
It's about time a cute restaurant like this opened up! This has been my go-to spot as of lately, especially for a quick lunch date. Not to mention an awesome weekend brunch spot. I need to venture off to a few different menu items. I can't help but order the same meals I've had thus far because they are so delicious! The grilled chicken and vegetables are great, but the eggplant sandwich was my favorite. I haven't seen it on the menu, but I think it was a special they had that day. The staff is friendly as well! I've recognized a few familiar faces every time I go in which is nice.
Great atmosphere. Loved the food and service- our table had the burger, monkfish and pulled pork sandwich.
We went to dinner last night, with another couple, to The Strand.  We were just waiting for them to open for dinner.  The owners have created the best of all  worlds--comfort gourmet food, a cozy,  friendly, artistic atmosphere,  and delicious food for very reasonable prices.    The restaurant seemed to bring out the "happy" in people.  We were somehow introducing ourselves  to the couple  next  to us, and  it felt like a big family. I am from New  York, and this  place had that close- knit feel.  We started  with the crab  cakes, to die for!  The roasted beet  salad  was ultra fresh, delicious, and had a great presentation.  I had the salmon for  dinner.  I was proud of myself for not  licking the plate!  The Strand  will now be our "go to" place.
Delightful neighborhood bistro on N Mills Ave.  Both the brunch and dinner menus feature creative but simple dishes made from fresh local ingredients.  I last dined there on Mother's Day night and it was delightful.  I was concerned that I wouldn't be able to find a table, but they squeezed me in.  The waitress practiced tolerance and understanding (mother has dementia).  The server- mid-late twenties, blond, short- listened to all of mother's stories and answered all of my questions about the menu.  It's a pleasure to see more small neighborhood restaurants pop up, and I strongly recommend checking out The Strand.  Wonderufl!
I went with my wife last night and it was fantastic. Atmosphere and staff were great and the food was amazing. We started with the warm pretzel and the pimento cheese spread really put it over the top. We had the porkzilla sandwich and the pork loin. Both were fantastic. Pork flavored well and juicy. Highly recommended and we will be back!
Really nice little restaurant.  Great service, good food & great location.  Food was good, not overly hyped or done.  Very clean environment, not busy.    I really enjoyed the restaurant.
Pretzel app came with not nearly enough dip although it was tasty. Chicken sandwich was ok. When the coleslaw is the highlight, there's a problem. Service was really bad. Would not go back. Dissappointing at best.
Wow.  Midway through our meal I said to my husband "this is like the ravenous pig-lite version" the food is great, menu is interesting, service was great, decor was pleasing and casual.  I really loved this new restaurant.  We had crab cakes, strip steak, pork loin and amazing desserts and HOT coffee. I mean...steaming hot. The prices were great too.  Reminded me of places in nyc, a local place that served great food with friendly service.  highly recommend and will cross my fingers that when they eventually have to expand, they do so in college park.
I came here for lunch after doing the tourist thing, and was very satisfied. Lunch here is a safe bet and I'm sure dinner is too. I got the buttermilk chicken sandwich with a pickle and (an amazing) cole slaw. The chicken was hot and juicy with a crunchy buttermilk breading that was not soggy at all. It's bun was light and buttery with a toasted exterior and warm, cloud light interior. It came with two pieces of smoked bacon and an amazing honey mustard sauce that they should bottle. The sandwich is very good, and should be the main attraction, but the cole slaw stole the show. It was served in a red lettuce bowl and had an amazing citrus undertones that enhance the overall flavor. This slaw was like a breezy summer day by the shore. It was fresh and crisp and creamy, order it even if it doesn't come with your meal. Also, not to be missed is the olive oil cake, wow, I don't think I have ever had such a unique dessert! It was flavorful, moist, light, with orange slices and hard sauce to boot! I thought I had no more room for dessert, but one look at that cake, I knew it was an experience not to be missed. All in all, it was a wonderful meal in a place sure to get very busy soon, so head over, you'll love it as much as I do.
Even though the looks of the restaurant are very refreshing and cool, my experience there wasn't the best. Sat at the bar and it took the staff about 20 minutes to notice and approach us. Everyone was really serious and just the whole experience felt a little cold. The food wasn't all that bad.
Louie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.  My first encounter with The Strand was for an early lunch.  I immediately connected and felt zen in the smart, urban, airy, gentle green atmosphere.  The Strand was pretty in the sunlight and I kinda can't wait to see it at night.  The tile work, reclaimed wood, mason jar and wonderful lighting, overall relaxing palette, and clean lines slowed my breath and warmed my soul.  I appreciated the detail of the crisp retro Strand logo, and the unique nourishments and thoughtful wine list. Been on a fish kick and I continued it here with the fish and chips.  Super lightly battered fish, pencil thick golden fries and fresh seasonal coleslaw...very nicely done.  This is their third week in business ... Looking forward to returning and trying their Niscoise salad, steak frites, pisto de Espana, bocadilla, avocado Brie sandwich, porkzilla, olive oil cake with fresh citrus and chocolate cake with sea salt. So yes, I have big plans for The Strand.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
This is the type of place I really hope succeeds.  The service was friendly and attentive. The food was delicious, well prepared, and high quality , while maintaining reasonable prices.  We had the burger and the chicken sandwich, both of which were excellent.  The number of beers on draft were small, but all well selected choices.  We also tried the pretzel as a starter and the olive oil cake to finish the meal off, and we highly recommend both.
