This is a one-stop location for all things yummy, delicious, entertaining, and relaxing. Monday night market, Nerd Nite, events, parties, coffee in the morning, a place to sit and study, or just read, or meet up with friends, and friends with kids, or just bring a kid and a dog, or just a dog. Sit outside or inside on comfy chairs and long tables. Uber talented barista-chef-bartenders that will blow your mind with cocktail creativity and TATER TOTS. So many tater tots. Come here. You'll fit in. No matter who you are. No matter what you are like. Unless you're mean. Don't come here and be mean. This place is too awesome to ruin with that kind of attitude. Be chill. Also, bring $5 for the instamat photo booth machine thing. LOVE that thing.
Looks like I have to re-write another disappearing review! This was for a visit a few months ago, and I can't remember every little detail, so here's the gist. A friend suggested we go to Stardust for dinner when I visited on a Sunday evening. The location is a lot bigger than expected, and has a really awesome artsy, sort of hipster vibe. There's a lot to take in visually, and they even have a small stage for some kind of local shows (music I'm guessing, though I could see spoken word/readings too). I was really loving the decor, I'm not going to lie. Though, there's one downside. The lighting was dim, especially in our little booth/table. What I didn't like was someone allowing their kids to run allllll around the larger room (the one with the stage) like demon hellspawn. It was difficult to maintain a conversation with my friend and it made me hate sitting there. Sorry, but I've been in businesses where they asked parents to control monster children because it's a liability. This isn't exactly somewhere that's kid-friendly, in my opinion. The service overall was pretty average. Considering it's not really a waiter/waitress situation and they just bring your plates to your table after paying up front, I'm not too bothered by this. Now, the important things - the food. We shared some hummus. My friend liked it, but she's easy to please. I thought it was pretty mediocre. It was heavy, grainy, and... Gloppy? I don't know how to describe it but it's token bad white people hummus. Moving on. I had a sandwich that wasn't especially memorable, and had little in the way of actual filling. It was more bread than anything. It also came with a little puff of salad and dressing in a little plastic cup. Final verdict - if I lived in the area, I would hang out here for coffee and drinks. The food isn't worth writing home over. The ambiance is cool, and hopefully the hellspawn were just a fluke that day.
The only thing keeping me from giving this place a 5-Star rating is it's bad customer service. There are only a few employees that make me feel welcomed at Stardust. The others are very rude and pretentious, making me not want to come back at times. Other than that, the food and coffee are great and the atmosphere is fun and relaxing. Their Monday Market is always so fun, with great variety and live music. It sucks that I always have to cross my fingers hoping for good service though, because this is one of my favorite places in town.
I come here all the time to relax have a nice beer and get some work done.  It's especially nice in the winter months when it isn't 500 degrees out.   I have on several occasions met people here on business.  It's a nice quiet place to talk and share ideas with. All the people that work here and hang out here are really very cool.  No one is there to impress anyone.  They are there to hang out and do their own thing.  Sometimes someone there will hear an idea that you are kicking around and they can gauge if it's okay to put in their 2 cents.   I know for me it has always been a tremendous help. It's not just a place for young kids.  You get people in here from College age to adults.  If you go to one of these chain joints you get impersonal service and a limited amount of wifi.  This place is a great place to hang out and chill without all pretentious people that the commercial places have. On the weekends they have performers on stage and if you aren't into that you can go outside and enjoy the weather while using your tablet or laptop or just hanging out with some friends having a nice conversation.
Come here to hang out, not for the coffee. Bar is also nice and atmosphere is hipster. But they should clean their steam wand once in a while.
Love coming to this cozy coffee shop to read, relax, chat with a friend, or try to get some work done. There is always a nice vibe going here. It helps that you can order some food, coffee, or even an alcoholic drink. People watching is always fun too!
I'm pretty convinced I wouldn't have finished my Masters degree without Stardust in my life. From late night drinks with classmates to study sessions on the weekends, The Dust is a great meeting spot. This place has a ton of character, it's eclectic, artsy & fun! The food they serve is pretty great too. I'm completely obsessed with the Luis Guzman here, the best vegetarian chili in town hands down! Next time you go to Stardust look around, you'll probably spot me. Awesome place!
Awesome place, great price for a lavender latte: $3.67. Barista was nice, and a manager even made some small talk to me while I was waiting for my latte. At 10-11am on a Monday, there was a smattering of people doing their own thing on their laptops, and some groups came in to talk. The people were a good mix of professionals, students, and one family. So, if you're not a total hipster, you still fit right in! They play good indie music that's not too loud. I love the room to the right with the amazing paper lanterns hanging above and the bar. Seems like a place I would want to see what the scene was about on a weekend night, too.
I love this little coffee/bar/video/retro gallery/hangout. I started coming here about 3 years ago, its just one of those places that as soon as you see it you have to go in. You pass by it and you see all these cute hipsters, drinking their coffees right outside of the place, a couple of old bikes parked right infront of the place and your like self... we must go in. The place is divided into three diffrent rooms, the left room is a small artsy fartsy dinning area with a little stage in it (for what? i have no clue), the middle room is the order room it has one small table and then the cashier station, the right room is actually out of this world its a bar lounge area surrounded by videos and it even has a photobooth that looks like it could be from the 50s. Over all the place is AWESOME!!!! Also try their coffees you will be saying STARBUCKS WHO?
It always surprises me when I realize there are awesome local places that I have been going to for a while and I haven't reviewed it. Stardust is pretty synonymous with Yelp for me - so I can't believe I've never reviewed it. I started coming here when I was interning for Yelp. Colleen B. and I would meet up quite a bit to get work done. I actually think I interviewed for the job here. It's a very relaxed setting. Most people are there are doing work on their laptops or just hanging out. I'm always nervous when I go to places to work by myself, I'm never quite sure what to do with my stuff when I have to use the restroom. I've never had any issues here with people messing with my computer. I think that says a lot about the clientele. I've really only been here during the day. I've never come for any of their evening events, but they seem fun.
Stardust remains unlike any other indie video store/trendy café/bar/restaurant/art gallery/hipster hangout you'll ever find in this city... and quite possibly any other city for that matter.  I remember first coming here several years ago when it was more of a video store, and being in awe of the massive DVD (and yes... VHS tapes!) collection of critically-acclaimed foreign films and cult classics stockpiled high in virtually every corner.  I always felt proud knowing I was one of the few locals to score a rental of the latest adn greatest ecclectic film that wouldn't even find its way to the nearby Enzian Theatre.  And the owner (forgot his name)... he was like a walking cinema encyclopedia.  He may have even rivaled Martin Scorsese in terms of pure cinematic IQ.     My most recent experience there was during one of their Monday night farmer markets.  I ate a killer sandwich named after the famed European film director, Costa-Gavras, and sipped my way through what will always be remembered as one of the strongest long island iced teas I've ever had.
The staff here is extremely nice. I love the ambiance and the art hanging on the wall. I even called a friend from my home town to come display his art work. They have a huge selection of craft beers. I ordered the Ruben (vegan) and it was amazing. Especially since I'm not a vegan.
Stardust. The place is strange. The aesthetic? Confusing. The People? There are places in this world that, rare as they are, indeed exist for not just everybody. There are these rare places where the doors open only for a special elite, a social tier so outside the color of normality that to put it to a paint brush would immediately cause that brush to burst into flames and burn the house down. Where beer, food, and conversation are not just an evening (sometimes a morning) norm, but quintessential elements so powerful that it's highly possible to experience but a portion of them all in this place and immediately go blind due to absolute satisfaction.....I recommend the grinderman sandwich. It's very good.
What a unique place! Ive gone a few times with friends. It would be awesome to take a date,  they even have tables that are devided by walls.  I havent tried their food so I cant really comment on it, but they have a full bar which is awesome. They have games and books for your entertainment as well (unless its changed since ive gone) open mic nights one night of the week.
Not my cup of tea.  I prefer the clean professional and modern look of Starbucks. Don't get me wrong it's just not my type of place. Everybody was very friendly and fun.
Favorite place to hang out, get some work done, drink a coffee and have a nice sandwich (the Grinderman)
The unassuming Stardust is a coffee shop with its own mythos.  More than just a quick place to grab coffee (which, of course, you can also do!), it's a co-working space during by day, a bar-restaurant in the evening, and a place for parties, lectures, and shows at night. Not to mention that Stardust hosts the weekly Monday Night Audubon Community Market. Now, those are the constants.  The variables are: the speed at which you'll get your food or cocktail (are they distilling their own spirits in the back?!), your chance of finding parking close by (very slim at night, so grab your bike!), and the friendliness of the staff (from very nice people to someone you'd expect in Ghostworld or Daria).   Overall, though, it's still a great place to work or mingle with friends or a first date.  The events are fund and the decor is beautiful.  It's definitely a place with character.
Stopped in on Sunday and ordered some take out.  What an interesting place!  Seems like it belongs in a college town.  I appreciated that there were folks of all types enjoying the very relaxed vibe.  We ordered two sandwiches and the wait for the food was ok.  It was hilarious that there was a copy of AARP on the table in the midst of all the hipster folks. Both sandwiches were on a Cuban roll and pressed.  The meat loaf sandwich was very good- with BBQ sauce and a bit sweet.  The chicken with hummus and cucumber was flavorful.  Both were served with some mixed greens and an excellent balsamic vinaigrette.
OK, so I've been a fan of this fine establishment since a friend first brought me to grab a video (yep, the big room on the right was a full-on quirky VHS video store). Since then it's evolved and had many incarnations, but its latest is a winner. The vibe on a weekday is super chill with people working on their laptops (who are these people with these jobs?!?! I want one!). Unlike some other coffee workspots, Stardust has plenty of room, so I've never had a problem finding a good spot to plug into. The vibe at night is great too- there are now 2 bars (though I've only ever used the main one) and fantastical lights and lanterns hanging on their ceiling. This makes for a great atmosphere and lends the place to be a perfect venue for the quirky events it often hosts (Nerd Nite, Crafty evenings, Open Mic, Poetry, etc). Though it looks super hip, it's hip in a pretty unpretentious way and the patrons are not a homogenous bunch (all ages, all types). I just had lunch here for the first time and ordered the 5 Easy Pieces sandwich. This consists of buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes, eggplant, roasted red peppers, and pesto on a pressed roll. The sandwich was the jam. For some reason (probably my preconceptions stemming from a small kitchen) I wasn't expecting much but they certainly delivered. Mmmm- highly recommend! Plus, it came with a mixed green side salad (with balsamic dressing on the side). The only issue I have is that I've had mixed experiences in terms of service at the bar... One bartender (with a super sweet voice) has always been fantastic, but another has without fail been pretty bad. She never acknowledges me when I stand by the bar with my wallet in hand (I mean, I know I'm short, but come on!) and on the contrary she looks over at me, looks back at whoever she's chatting with at the bar, and continues. I was absolutely shocked on one of these occasions when she proceeded to serve another patron that walked up to the bar after me because she was friends with them. That time I spoke up (in my shy and polite way) and said that I'd been waiting there before they walked up and she proceeded to take my order with a sour face and snide remarks. Overall though I'd highly recommend this little local gem!
Hipster. Laid back. Chill. It's exactly what this place is to me.  When I do come here which is usually at night, I absolutely love looking at the ceiling decorations and the lights lit up.  Makes you feel relaxed and in a whole new world. Coffee shop on one side and on the other side is the bar. I haven't tried any of their food, honestly only have gone here to get hot chocolate cause it's crack! haha :) But honestly it's really good, and they have different milk options, especially for you health guru's out there. Great options for coffee, latte's, and whatever feeds your fancy. Cool place to hang out, get work done/study, and ppl watch.  Oh ya, there's free wifi!
Solid 4 because I like the quirkiness and  vibe, the food is good, and if you come with an open enough mind just maybe you'll be okay with what would be called a "hipster joint" Let me address the white elephants in the room. Hipsters and Service. I'm not a hipster, I'm not anything. Sometimes I feel like a nut and some times I don't. and I am of the feeling that anyone from any walk of life with an open mind can enjoy themselves here. I didn't feel judged, and if I did and didn't notice it. It was packed and I felt that my bartender with the tinnie tiny voice did a great job. She sounded like she could do voice work for a cartoon. In fact one of these days I thoroughly expect I will hear her voice on a prime time cartoon series. The acts that were playing that night were very unique. Each one gave us something completely different but yet all were inspiring. Our service for the food took some time but it was craz-mo busy. Our hummus plate was delicious, the hummus was amazing and was thoroughly eaten. We got the chicken pesto panini which was good. the flavors were totally there and wonderful, we had a few burnt edges, I think that came from their press, high volume, or size issue. I didn't have any service issues and when I couldn't find a beer I wanted and asked for a classic martini, the tinnie tiny voiced bartender obliged with a smile.
Came for a beer with my buddy. It is pretty cool to have a full bar in a hipster coffee shop.   There was a nice selection of microbrews and import beers.  Overall worth a visit.  Don't have much more to say because we just came for a beer, but I would stop on by again to try out some coffee and maybe some of their small bites.
I love the Sundays that I wake up and lay around in bed until about 10:30, then call my friend to meet at Stardust for brunch. This has become a bit of ritual, armed with giant cups of coffee and whatever the week's gossip we have to exchange. The Sunday brunch is extra fun because you never know what you are going to get. I am usually too impatient to wait until the week's menu is posted on Facebook, so I just take a chance that one of the three or four offerings will suit me well. And usually, I have trouble deciding because everything looks good! While it does get crowded later in the day, typically we have never had to wait long for our food, and have never had any trouble finding a spot to sit. There are a couple rooms with tables, along with the bar area and outside seating, which is nice when it's not 100 degrees. A lot of people bring their laptops and work, and pretty often there's a group with board games and whatnot. Overall, this is a pretty laid back place to hang out, and not feel rushed to eat and go. What's also great is Stardust is not only a coffee shop, but has a bar, and serves liquor. A little bit of something for everybody. And be warned, some of their bartenders have a generous pour... not that I'm complaining!
I don't think I would feel quite at home in Orlando without Stardust. It's not that I go there terribly often, but its existence value is so high, simply knowing that there is a hip, independent coffee shop that's open late is a real comfort. Keep in mind that there are towns where the only places to sip a coffee and linger are big-box bookstore Starbucks. The difference is staggering. Stardust has that grungy get-interesting-things-done-slowly feel that contributes to creativity and well-being, not to mention conversation. Descriptions of coffee shops aside, Stardust also has videos for rent, but the last time I tried to rent one, they only had one of the five I picked out. Not really complaining here, because the selections and volume add something to the atmosphere. I've never actually gotten food here, so I can't attest to its value. Don't expect a terribly warm welcome at the coffee desk either, which is to be expected when among the modern youth. I have tried to get beer, and gave up before receiving any. i'm that awkward guy who can't make enough eye contact to get a bartender's attention, standing uncomfortably and confusing people. For the same reason, I usually avoid schools, libraries, churches, and playgrounds.
I love this place. The coffee is great, I especially love all the flavor choices. Seating is comfortable and there's a lot of awesome stuff to look at. The sandwiches are awesome.
Thee perfect place to lounge, study, rendezvous, and CHILL in a relaxed & casual atmosphere! I went months ago and got one of their filling tasty sandwiches along with iced coffee. My friend tried their hot tea which was exclusively made-to-order meaning they pack the tea leaves in such a unique way that the tea bag was rolled and attached to a toothpick! How cool is that?!
Visited twice in 2008 for some concerts. The Show Is The Rainbow in June, which was just a fat guy running back and forth in the crowd while a projector showed random photos irrelevant to the songs being performed. All the lights were turned off and there were tables with chairs set up through the entire place. It got pretty tight in there and if you moved, you ran into something. Not the best of experiences. Ryland Bouchard in December was the second time I visited. The show was free if you donated five dollars. When a small group tried to get in without donating, an employee began yelling at them. As they fled to the parking lot, the employee came out to apologize but they just shrugged her off and went somewhere else. Good way to keep people coming back. When Ryland hit the stage after several hours of annoying openers, a group of employees sat down on a large couch directly in front of the foot tall stage. They brought large bowls of food and loudly conversed with one another during the entire performance. Never experienced that during any other concert in my life. As long as I never come back here, I'll never have to. I had a tripod set up on one of their tables with a video camera. They didn't have any problems with it, or at least they didn't say anything about it. So at least something positive came out of the experience.
I love everything about this place. It's located in Auduban Park near Leu Gardens. The minute you walk in, you are immersed in the hipster scene. There's quirky decor on the walls and local art for sale. Their food is fresh and flavorful. I love the Zorba Greek sandwich. It has feta, hummus, chicken, cucumbers, and olives on a baguette. They have Italian soda, cocktails, coffee, you name it. It's a great place to study as well.
Stardust Video&Coffee is one of my favorite Orlando haunts. It is such a great place to hang out with friends and grab a lite bite, coffee or a cocktail. Suzie makes the most excellent cocktails! She looks like a mad scientist while creating her delicious libations and the end result is never short of fabulous. Stardust also has a great selection of craft beers and scotch. Along with their food and drinks Stardust also has some great DJ's that perform on a monthly basis. My favorite is The Video Dept(chillwave, shoe-gaze) which happens the last Friday of the month and is hosted by DJ Sleepy Hippie. Stardust is also the home of the Audubon Park Market which happens every Monday in their parking lot. They have a wide variety of vendors from produce, jewelry and home décor. The live music at the market is usually always great too!  If you haven't experienced Stardust you are missing out!
I love this place and come here everyday...so much so I call it my "second office" They even have a farmers market in the parking lot on Monday nights, live music randomly throughout the week too. The atmosphere is perfect for the creative mind and the people that frequent this place are amazing contacts for those int the art world. Come during the day for coffee / tea and delish lunch. Or come back at night for specialty cocktails and a relaxed vibe.
The coffee is great but not great enough for me to come back.  I've been a customer for years, live in the neighborhood and go to the Audubon Market every week.  That said, today I finally got fed up with their rude service, filthy interior and overpriced coffee.  Their coffee cups are ridiculously small for the price.  I don't care if they ship their coffee in daily from fair trade farms in Colombia, it is still way too expensive.   Stardust, you need to start valuing your customers and get off your high horse.  There are other coffee shops in town that are going to put you out of business.  The irritated and entitled barista act isn't cute.
I have to say, I was really nervous going to this location because of the reviews on it's Customer Service. Thankfully I was pleasantly surprised! The service was pretty average. I was greeted with a smile and she took my order. I didn't feel judged and anyone who looked confused seemed to get their questions answered pretty quickly. The coffee was delicious and I enjoyed the atmosphere. I went in the morning and I can see why people choose to study here. It has plenty of tables and corners that would be ideal to use their free WiFi for work. I also went for an event at night, so it was quite packed. Even with a crowd though, I didn't wait long for my food and the sandwich I had was delicious. I had the Grinderman and a nice IPA beer (Cafe 15 Bear Republic, yum..), but the sandwich was Chicken, Pesto, Goat Cheese, and hot sauce complimented with a small garden salad. Can't really beat that, needless to say, my plate was empty pretty quick and I was satisfied. I'll be back and I just wanted to reassure people that this place isn't as bad as people are making it out to be.
Interesting coffee shop. Nice open rooms with randomly placed artwork are perfect for bringing your laptop or reading a book. There's a cool bar area (actually two) and the decor is funky. The best part? The circa 1990s photobooth. Do it. Best $3 ever spent. It's kind of dingy but maybe that's part of the allure. Worth stopping in if you're in the area.
I visit Stardust every 1 to 2 weeks. I love their sandwich selection, especially how you can substitute Tempeh for most of them. My favorite sandwiches are the Tempeh Cuban, followed by the Bar-B-Q Tempeh. For none sandwich favorites, I like the Vote for Pedro tacos. They also have great daily food specials, and a unique brunch menu every Sunday of about 4-5 dishes that are always great. For drinks, they have a vast selection of rare craft beers. They have about 4 on tap, some resident like the St Bernardus, and others that rotate. They also have 2 beer fridges with probably close to 100 different beer brands from all over the world. If you look at their online menu, they list exciting looking craft cocktails. My favorite is the ginger induced Moscow Mule, which is so far the most ginger with a bite I've had in a Moscow Mule to date. In addition to a full liquor bar, my new favorite drink selection is their scotch bar. They have about 20 different types, with the average price at about $10 a dram. I feel they are really undercharging for these whiskeys, so you are getting a great deal here. Most of the whiskey can go for $20 to $30 easily at other restaurants, such as my favorites Glenmorangie, Laphroaig and Macallan. An employee told me the owner is a big Scotch aficionado, and is why he started the vast selection. As for the service....well...if you ask most of my friends, they feel judged while there. It is a hipster-ish hangout, and there is a sense of elitism among the staff, and maybe even some of the patrons. Some have likened it to the Soup Nazi on Seinfeld. You don't want to piss them off and just have to go with whatever attitude you get. I overlook it because their selection is so great and unique, and I feel they actually put thought into their food.
Fabulous salads! Try the Master salad: organic greens and veggies with pesto and mozzarella. The name does not do it justice
Underwhelmed, but not totally disappointed. I love little relaxed hole in the wall places, Stardust has had a lot of good words said about it to me by friends and strangers, so finally I got to experience it. I've been known to grab my laptop and chill at places like this (notably Austin's Coffee) when I feel like getting out of the house - so that's what I did. Went here on a Tuesday morning, figuring I'd get a breakfast nom and some tea while I work. Unfortunately, as awesome as their food menu is for sandwiches and such, it's seriously lacking for breakfast. Overpriced waffles, a minimal pastry selection, and a yogurt parfait were all I could find. I got the "concept waffle" and a cup of hot tea. The atmosphere is pretty neat, but also kind of uninviting. They have a ton of obscure decor, walls of DVDs and books for sale/borrow, and a good amount of seating. Unfortunately, the obscure jumble of stuff makes it feel awkward and not very comfortable. I kept feeling like I was in enemy territory and out of place, even though there were barely any other customers and I was tucked back in one of the 'cubicles'. The tea, I'm not gonna judge, I had a weird blend called "world peace" which was ultra strong mint (think mouthwash-level astringent) and clove. I managed to finish the cup, but next time I'll ask before just jumping into an herbal blend purely by name. The waffle, highlight was the fresh strawberries and blackberries and whipped cream on top. Waffle itself was thin and chewy, nothing special. After working for a while, I was tired of being uncomfortable and awkward, so we headed out. Grabbed a latte to go, figuring one last shot for redemption. The Stoner has butter in it. This was a good thing, it was sort of a salted caramel deal and worth getting again. Overall, there's nothing super wrong with the place, I just guess I'm not feeling their vibe. If you told me I could never go there again, I'd be okay. Likewise, if you told me we were going, I'd also be okay. I'd like to go back and try their regular menu sometime, so I'll probably be back for a second review someday. I do have to give them bonus points for carrying Sprechers sodas - my favorite Wisconsin brewery.
It takes me about two minutes to walk to Stardust from my house, which is great. Too bad their customer service is garbage. The bartenders and baristas act like they're doing you a huge favor by even considering taking your order. I've actually seen them roll their eyes at drink and food orders. My boyfriend asked a girl behind the counter what Scotches they had and her reply was, "I don't know." Not, "I don't know, let me go check." Just, "I don't know." Eyeroll. He asked her if she could go check and she told him to go to the other side of the bar to the "Scotch bar." Great. Oh, except no one was manning the Scotch bar. He went back and told her no one was over there and she rolled her eyes and dragged herself to the Scotch bar with a look of such disinterest, you'd think he had just asked a surly teenager to do her chores. Excuse us for trying to give you our money. The food's not bad. I've had the nachos, the 5 Easy Pieces, and a brunch special. All of them took about 45 minutes to an hour to come out, despite the place being completely empty. What are they doing back there? I'm glad they make a lot of their food from scratch, but I'm assuming they're not actually prepping anything at the beginning of the day. They recently told a friend his tater tots would take 25 minutes. Why would it ever take 25 minutes to make tater tots? He said he'd take a different side that didn't need preparation and his food still took 25 minutes to come out. 25 minutes for a cold sandwich and side salad? Is an armless, legless man the chef? What's happening?! I need to know. It's a shame that Stardust has such rude employees, because it could be a cool place, and I'd love to have a place close to home to hang out at during the day. I'd just like for someone who works there to smile and not act like I just told her to watch grass grow when I ask to pay money for a $4 iced coffee.
This place is a gem. You feel like you're in another time. It's the kind of place you'd see in a really good indie movie and say "man I wish that existed." Well guess what? It does.
Orlando, a "town" devoid of anything elemental, or legendary.   Within Orlando's sweaty nightmare of bad architecture, public transportation, and anything resembling a mature arts district lies "Stardust Video & Coffee." Stardust, transports the viewer somewhere outside the comical conjured hipster hell, or the look-at-me-now overly recycled yesterdays news look that passes for a thinking youth scene there. Coffee, books, kitsch=good.
I've come to Stardust only on 3 separate occasions, but have been satisfied every time. I've heard negative things about the staff, but I myself have only encountered delightful individuals (either I've been lucky or I'm just not being an asshole customer). And if they are rude to you just say never mind and leave if you want, that's my plan if it ever happens to me. The first time I came to Stardust I was there to see a show and ordered the chips and salsa and a beer thanks to the recommendation of whoever was the cashier in the front. There was plenty to share and the show was great with good visual and sound. The second time I don't really remember, probably just had beer or whatnot. The third time was last night because my roommate and I were desperate for internet (work/school related) and wouldn't be getting it for 3 more days. The atmosphere was relaxed and even with others there laughing and sometimes yelling it was still very easy to work on our computers. Another great recommended beer and we were gone after a few hours. The place looks neat and there's PLENTY of seating options which I love and when there is a show you can basically see from any angle, and you would think well that should be what you expect anytime you go somewhere to enjoy live music/poetry/etc etc- but goodluck with that at Austin's Coffee. Also - can't wait to go back   to look through their neat movie collection.
I always visit Stardust when I'm in the Orlando area visiting. Clean food, great drinks, easy vibes. It's an eclectic crowd with a "crunchy" sort of feel but everyone is always super nice. The tables are most set up in a communal style so get ready to make some new friends and have an experience that will have you returning again and again, like I do. Namaste.
The building is awesome. Parking is difficult. The coffee was nice but the staff was impersonal and indifferent.I might have to try another day to see if it was just an unusual experience.
Going to Stardust Video & Cafe is like stepping into an art gallery that thinks it's a coffee shop with a DJ and hey let's serve alcohol as well. It seems to have a bit of an identity crisis going on, but in this reviewers opinion, it works to their advantage. I am not familiar with the Audubon Park area yet but this hang appears to be par for the hipster course... the staff is very alternative looking, the music is funky and different, and the art is fun and way out of left coast. It's a cross between Portland and Austin... vintage feel with modern touches. Old-timey atmosphere with modular tables and paper lanterns hanging from the ceiling. I really enjoyed myself except for when the DJ played a song which sounded like a high-pitched baby squealing for 2 minutes, so I have to honor this space with a solid four star rating. It's a bit pricey but relaxed and interesting, if you're in the area and want something unique then check Stardust out!
I *used* to go to Stardust and refer it to friends because I want to support local businesses, and Stardust seems to go above and beyond in giving back to the community which made me want to help them even more, but I've had it with their snooty, pretentious hipster waitstaff! The owners need to seriously  re-think who they hire to be the face of their business. Every time I've been there, I've had to wait forever to place my order because the barista is too busy talking about the latest concert or lounge they went to with their friends to give me the time of day. Again, I looked past it because you almost expect sub-par service from hipster dives, but after a while you just get tired of waiting. Well what really put the nail in the coffin was that I actually got yelled at by the barista! My friend and I had tried to order food while they were still serving brunch, and the guy there told us that regular menu items would start being served at 4pm. No biggie, we just got drinks and went to chat. So, 3:55 rolls around and I go to place my order so that when we can be the first to get our food at 4pm, right? Well, I had to wait while the new barista on staff shooting the breeze with some dude and making the world's slowest iced coffee. Finally, she looks at me to take my order and responds that it will be "a while" for us to get our order of hummus because the kitchen just finished brunch. Again, no biggie... I figure "a while" for hummus couldn't be that long. It's already pre-made, so what 5 minutes? 10 minutes? So I agreed to wait. 20 minutes go by and I pop my head in to check if maybe she forgot to put my order in? Nope, I get a testy response that she put it in and I have to wait. Well, another 25 minutes go by and now we're wondering if they're getting the hummus shipped in from the Middle East?! So my friend goes to check this time, and I can hear the barista giving her the same rude attitude and just telling us that we had to keep waiting. For fear that we were going to have spit and god knows what else thrown in our food or that our stomachs would eat themselves before we got food, we decided to retract our order and go elsewhere. While I realize that kitchens may need some downtime to clean up or shift gears, it shouldn't take over 45 to plate some pre-made hummus into a dish and cut up some pita to go with it. And you certainly shouldn't berate a customer for trying to purchase food from your business. My family owns restaurants and I've worked in many myself, so I know that it's called a service industry because you provide a service. It seems that either the owners are not hiring the right people here or are not taking the time to train them properly. If you're not part of the "in" crowd here, don't count on getting anything that resembles customer service. But if that doesn't bug you and you go at the right time (not during brunch or kitchen change over!), their hummus platter is pretty good. (Oh, you'll need to try to find parking somewhere too... but don't try to park at ABC liquors!) P.S. I almost forgot to warn everyone about the horny teenage hipsters on the sofa in the back of the room that looked like they were going to get it on any minute... yeah, I would suggest NOT sitting there if you go ;-)
The atmosphere is very nice. I didn't think it was that big, but it has two different rooms where you want sit. I love the decorations there and it has a hipster vibe. Good place to study!
...yawn... Pretentious for difficult to discern reasons and sorta like a faux hipster club house. They used to have lots of rare and hard to find movies but um...not so much now it seems. Ok..the hummus is decent and I can appreciate free Internet but really, I have NO business in a place like this. And if you get bored easily, neither do you.
Meatloaf sandwich nom nom - it was very tasty!  Their coffee and freshly made sweet tea is also pretty dang good. However, the reason I love this places is the decor and the work space. I am not quite sure how I have not visited this dope spot in the 10 years I have been in Orlando.  This spot is so laid back and chill.  It has 3 separate sections, 2 main work sections and then the middle counter/kitchen area.  They have a fantab menu, I can't wait to try more. The large work area is where it is at! There are huge tables, small tables and solo tables so you can be tucked away and just get work done.  It is a great spot to chill or network and get some group work done! The service can be shaky and the parking is a lil challenging, other than that... good stuff!!!
This place is ridiculous. It's like all the other independent coffee shops that think they're way too cool.  I get it, you've been around for a million years. But I don't care. Don't look down on me because I want my freaking macchiato the way I want it by trying to explain to me (like I've recently had a lobotomy) that what I am ordering is not actually a macchiato.  No other place had issues understanding what I want. Oh, and you're dirty by the way.  Not in the way I like it either.  Please, get a mop and clean your floors.  It's not cool to be grungy in the unsanitary type of style.
I went to Stardust one night with my boyfriend and a couple of our friends. One of our friends frequently visits Stardust and I think he's befriended some of the bartenders (this was a bit of a plus for us). We just sat in for some drinks, so I don't have a food review here, but gotdamn- my bartender had a heavy hand. It was a bit cold that night, so I told my bartender to make me up something with a hot chocolate base. I have never had such a good drink in my life. I usually don't like my alcohol when it's warm, but I felt like I could have just curled up into a little ball and done to sleep right then and there. I think she just did a little "wing it" mix and started with the hot chocolate, filled up a quarter of the mason jar with vodka, sprinkled some spice in there to give it a kick, and shaved some chocolate on the top. sooooooooo gooooooooooood. I do have to say though, if our friend didn't know someone there, we might have gotten way below satisfactory service. Not a huge fan of the hipster scene and I don't think they're a huge fan of people who aren't part of the hipster scene. There was a lot of gossiping going on behind the bar between employees about their personal lives and I really don't want to hear it. Although I gave this place a 4, it was for the drink I had that night. I'll be back, but only if it's with our friend. I don't think I'll be able to stand this place if I went in there alone.
I'm sitting next to Natalie Portman at Stardust Coffee & Video right now, which should tell you two things. One, this joint has Wi-Fi. And that this is the spot in town where celebs hang out. In fact, this past Friday, Jake Gyllenhaal sat at the table next to me. It's practically Orlando's answer to The Ivy. Confession: No, not really. But, Stardust wins the award for most interesting crowd of people who look shockingly like celebrities. And if you're in the market for a programmer boyfriend, start here. There are more hipsters than you can shake a stick at, and now that Stardust has expanded its liquor license to "name your poison," it's also a great place to socialize after work (freelancers, yes, you can take that to mean beer at 4:30 p.m.). The food's tasty, provided you don't feel weird about ordering a "concept waffle." The prices can offend those on a budget, but they offset the fact that this coffeehouse's loyal following (including yours truly) often settles in for the long haul and only needs one meatloaf sandwich per day. Other highlights: The veggie chili packs a satisfying punch (ask for the Asian chili sauce if you want to dial it up), as do the nachos, which seem pricey until you realize that one order serves two regular people, or nine hipsters.
Stardust is the hipster capital of Orlando, and whether you love or hate Stardust depends on how you take my preceding statement. The coffee's alright; the food's great; and the handful of videos are a vestige of bygone days when Stardust was actually a combination coffee shop/video store, and not a combination coffee shop/bar and remain, as most monuments do, mostly as a remembrance of what was and what is no more; and the service is at times cliquish, snarky, or indifferent. This is how the bemused tourists are culled from the flock and the collective strength of the hipster race is maintained. Survival of the fittest. I wouldn't have it any other way.
One of the cooler venues in Orlando to stop in and have a beverage and meet with friends... This place rents out tons of obscure movies, and features a full liquor bar and many interesting beers. They also have a kitschy menu with waffles, cuban sandwich, hummus, tater tots and other things to knosh on. You can enjoy the wi-fi and sit back and watch some of the more interesting locals drop in and out. You might even "prop a cid" while you wait for your chips and salsa to come out. Outdoor seating and plenty of tables and chairs inside to bring a group of friends. There's almost always a couple Vespa's parked out there. It's that kind of place. The staff is generally helpful, and one girl who works there is super cute. Another girl (shaved head) is mega nice and this one cook is a drummer in Freddie's band.
Is it counter-revolutionary to provide good service?                       We were looking forward to brunch at Stardust.  We'd heard good things. We placed our order at the counter and were told it would take about 20 minutes.  20 minutes was fine, after all it was brunch: a meal intended to be enjoyed leisurely.  But the 40 minutes it actually took was a little much.  The food was dropped off without a "sorry for the delay" and "hope you enjoy" but instead with a "this is yours".  Well OK.  The plates were lovely and we were still optimistic and enthusiastic; only to find the food was cold.  Evidently the food was ready in 20 minutes, but took another 20 to get to us. It's unfortunate that the dishes were ruined because they seemed to have potential.  Our Fisherman on the Fjord (eggs benedict with smoked salmon) had a generous amount of quality salmon, a well-constructed albeit cold hollandaise and a nice touch of dill and capers.  Likewise the Italian Stallion, a breakfast pizza with vegetables, goat cheese, pesto and an egg on top, was a nice combination of flavors but altogether unenjoyable cold. A lot can be remedied with good service.  Even with a ridiculous wait and cold food a show of concern or a kind word can make a visit palatable, but Stardust wasn't offering any of that.  We'll take our coffee to go.
This place is lame.  If you feel inferior and don't quite have a clique or niche to fit into in school or society then you should probably hang out at Stardust, home of the so called scenesters, hipsters, yippies and such.  Basically its "cool" in Orlando to say you go to Stardust.  Well find something else to make you cool.   The place is awkward, their hanging menu is far from informative.  Their food is way over priced, $8 for a salad or sandwich, nothing special.  It takes a very long time for you to get your order, longer than it should. One lunch outing it took 40 minutes for a simple sandwich, when the place wasn't busy and I still didn't have my lunch.   Their staff is always too busy talking and pretending to be cool to give you great customer service.  There is never anywhere to park. If you go there to work on your computer, not all tables have access to power outlets.  They close down the place for random things and make you move your car for parking lot activities.   Don't waste your money.
One of the best (and only) independent coffee shop / cafes in Orlando.  VERY affordable prices, and good snack/sandwich type foods.  Order your tatter-tots extra crispy, and ask for some Sriracha sauce to add to your ketchup for a delicious kick. Located on the edge of norther edge of Orlando (Winer Park), it is now in the heart of a up-and-coming indie cultural area in town.  It's walking distance (across the street and catty-corner from) a local record store, a couple restaurants, an ultra-hip salon, and even a karaoke bar.  Even a short walk down the street brings you to a local florist, and even a botanical garden/park. People mainly congregate here to work on personal projects, hold meetings, meet people for a date, and just shoot the breeze with friends, chat about life the universe and everything. Word of Caution: If you're not a fan of college age alterna-scene, this may not be your favorite place (it's loving teased by locals for being "a place for hipsters and dirty hippies"), but if that's your tribe, or you can appreciate a little artsy culture, it's definitely worth a visit.
Quite frankly it is the old school photo booth that gets my attention. Now. . .a lot of things can happen in the photo booth. . . and unfortunately some of what happens in the booth is still posted there. . . yup.
Certainly the place to go if you want to feel judged and want to be treated with poor service. I have a love/hate relationship with this place. I love the independent spirit and the atmosphere, but it seems like every time I go, whoever's taking my order or serving my food forgot to take their nappy. I've been a few times and usually they'll give you a table number and bring your food to you; last time I went, I wasn't handed one, so I asked the cashier if I should receive one and got a short: "No." I was confused, because the place was crowded, but whatever. They didn't forget my food. On another occasion, I went in with a friend and we wanted to break a ten to use the photo booth; instead, the woman behind the counter said, "Don't use the photo booth. Just don't." No explanation, no, "It's broken, sorry!" Just a short, judgmental, "No." Still, the atmosphere is awesome, they sell used books and movies, and I want to meet their interior decorator because the place looks legit. Try the waffles.
Ok, so I am a little embarrassed that I have been yelping for this long and have yet to review Stardust Video & Coffee. I have been going here ever since my best friend from college introduced me to it during my freshman year at UCF. Located right across the street from Park Ave CDs off of Corrine Dr. and Winter Park road, Stardust Video & Coffee is pretty much how a lot of other yelpers explained it--an all-in-one hipster coffee shop, containing a wide selection of beverages (coffee, tea, beer, wine), multiple stages for open mics and/or in-store performances, a vintage photo booth, free wifi, plenty of wall space for the display of local art, and delicious sandwiches and hummus plates. The atmosphere of Stardust is probably what I enjoy about it most. It's a great place to just bring and sit with your laptop and "work" (or, let's be honest, people watch). As someone who has been to Stardust too many times to count, here are a few tips for those of you who may be about to head out for the first time: 1.) If you want to take advantage of the awesome vintage photo booth, bring dollar bills. 2.) Parking is scarce in the area, but if you absolutely had to you could park at a nearby strip mall area and walk across the street (disclaimer: you should buy something at one of said shops first). If you're going to an event at Stardust, be sure to get out there extra early so you can find a spot. This applies for the Monday night Audubon Park community market. 3.) If you like coffee, ask for a "stoner." Thank me later. 4.) Don't be afraid to try food here just because it's a coffee shop. Their sandwiches and hummus plates are delicious!
I think I'm totally with Vaughn's review on this one - it's a slightly pretentious hipster watering hole (but then again, what hipster watering hole isn't?). It has a lot of potential but it's not executed very well and the staff (or maybe the owners?) seem too lazy to make improvements. I went after hours when the place turns into a bar/lounge with live music. The AC wasn't working  in the entrance and that's naturally the place where you have to wait in line for alcohol (which trailed almost outside on the sidewalk). You have to stand there for 15 minutes listening to other patrons complain about the line,the heat, or the music. It feels like no one wants to be there, yet it's still crowded with people. Spend the time you have waiting in line to mull over what you want to try (their selection is very limited but eclectic) and get ready to order once you reach the register or you'll suffer the passive aggressive huffs and puffs of the hipsters behind you. Stardust also serves up some veggie snacks and beverages but I think they stop serving food at 9pm or 10pm. I liked the band that was playing that night (The Lost Woods) but I don't think I'll head back to the Stardust unless they have another interesting band playing or a special event.
Great job and very different atmosphere! I had the date plate which very good :) the hummus dip was pretty bomb also. Cool vibe and the servers look like they are wearing pajamas. Great place for vegetarians and vegans like myself.
How do you describe an Orlando institution such as Stardust? It's just one of those places, a beautiful pearl that's formed over the years in this strange little oyster called Orlando. It's a place that a crazy talented author would set a quintessential scene in if they ever decided to set a story in our quaint little city. Anthony Bourdain would probably dig it. It's wholly unique. It reminds me of crazy good times years ago in Portland and Seattle. It's got that perfect quality of ambiance, that kind of imbued history of an independent place that's been around for a while. Sure, things have changed and evolved over the years, but it's still got the heart and soul -- those crazy movie shelves still intimidate me, cause I know zilch about film, but the fact that such an obscure library exists and has existed for a while makes my happy little wannabe-artist heart flutter. In terms of food, things are always good there -- the tater tots are my fav, and all the portions are massive. They've got vegan and veg options since they're just that hip and all, and the sandwiches are divine and sport quirky names (yay Rob Reiner!) The beer is good as well, they've been tinkering with their selection a bit and I usually find something new I like. The crowd is what you'd expect at this kind of establishment -- younger "progressive" types, I guess, are in the majority, but there's all age ranges of people when I go there. The staff is super friendly -- they do get a bit swamped at times, but I've never seen them get impatient, they always have the time to make sure you leave happy (and possibly stuffed with delicious tater tots). There's also always something going on - events, a market out in the parking lot, Grandma Party (also known as ETSY IN REAL LIFE!), any number of strange and awesome stuff. Since I can't stress this enough, the environment of the place is what draws me to it time and time again. If you're really looking for a 'local' place in Orlando, this is it. It ain't on any tour guides, yo, so if you haven't been, drop by.
Let's table the hipster/teen/legitimacy/authenticity arguments and get to the facts:  Stardust makes great coffee.  You can meet some fun, interesting people there.  The employees are nice to you if you're nice to them.  And it's housed in a very cool building with lots of style on the inside.   The claims of pretentiousness are unfounded.  Orlando and its citizens should be proud of places like Stardust.
I am a fan of Stardust, and really happy to see a place that still serves coffee in Orlando, without the corporate affiliation.  Stardust is one of my favorite places to hang out when I need to get work done, and am tired of staring at the inside four walls of my house.  There are plenty of tables, a great menu with both vegetarian and non-vegetarian offerings, diverse coffee and tea options, a wide selection of craft, local, and import beers for sale, lots of working outlets, and best of all, free WIFI that never fails.   At Stardust, It's nice to see folks doing their thing, whatever 'their thing' may be.  I like how I always overhear a really interesting conversation, see creative people meeting,  get inspired by the art of local talent, or can rent a movie (although their awesome selection has dwindled to make way for a full-service bar). If you haven't been yet, check it out.  You'll find a great crowd of young and old hipsters, college students, creative-types, and interesting folks.
My favorite spot for a coffe, beer or cocktail!  The atmosphere is so chill and I always have a great time every time I stop by which is quite frequently!  By far my favorite espresso is served at this cute spot!  They have a great selection of craft beers and a full bar.  I prefer to stop by on Monday evenings for a drink while I browse the farmer's market that sets up in the parking lot with lots of local produce and goodies!   Although I have not ate here I know there are some delicious items on the menu and it always includes vegan/vegetarian options.  On Sundays they offer brunch items and the menu changes weekly!  The staff is very friendly and make you feel at home.  They have an area with a small stage for performances as well as a photo booth.  There are lots of board games to keep you entertained during your visit as well as books and dvds to purchase.  The decor inside changes often and always has a very dreamy look which adds to the relaxing atmosphere.
New reason to come regularly: Chicken and Waffles for Sunday Brunch.   Chicken and waffles is a famous soul food item, originally out of Los Angeles and also popular in Atlanta.  The Stardust version, however, has some noteworthy twists: First, the basics.  The chicken is battered and deep-fried.  The coating is crispy and flavorful.  As a batch of fried chick, it already succeeds.  The waffle is above average for its type, and for this dish, it's the right type.  As a stand-alone dish I prefer airy Belgian style, but as a vehicle for fried chicken, this chewier country-style works great.  Thin, golden brown.  I wouldn't change anything about it. Now, the twists:  Comes with pink peppercorn butter which has a slightly bitter warmth that compliments the salty chicken and sweet (but not too sweet) maple horseradish syrup served on the side.   A few scallions scattered across the dish add nice green color accents and mild pungency. Texture, scent, look and flavor combine for a scrumptious treat.  Come on a Sunday to get it. [Update: Their Sunday brunch menu rotates and, sadly, I have not seen their Chicken and Waffles there again, despite requesting them every time I visit.  Their other Sunday Brunch fare has varied from unremarkable to pretty good, but it has never again hit the heights of their Chicken and Waffles.  I have suggested to them that they retain some of their key favorites and rotate some other portion of their Sunday menu, but so far I've had no luck with that.  They claim they'll put the faves on heavy-rotation (I'm paraphrasing), but so far I have not seen the same brunch dish twice.] My standard here is the Rob Reiner -- a meatloaf sandwich that could get its own review.  But they don't serve that on Sunday afternoons.  Drat, you'll have to have the delicious brunch instead. Wait staff are pleasant hipsters.  Not stand-offish, but sometimes a little aloof.  If you're looking for a chat, bring a friend or talk to the other customers. Service is ludicrously slow, but when I come here, it's to work and hang out; I'm never in a hurry here.  Probably not a good place to come for lunch on a work-day (unless you plan to stay and work). They play eclectic background music -- much better than the banal acoustic drivel most coffee houses inexplicably take pride in playing.  Occasionally Stardust plays difficult-listening music which impedes getting work done, so I bring noise-blocking earbuds to plug into my laptop.  But usually their music choice is interesting without being distracting. I avoid the place when they have events -- usually at night when I'm not in the mood to come here anyway. Coffee is tolerable, but inconsistent.  Sometimes they burn the espresso -- like so many other dilettante shops.  (Starbucks really does nail consistency, despite the affinity to bash them.)  But I always get an iced mocha along with anything else. Their beer selection is above average -- several Belgian choices, always high-end and interesting. Clientele tend to include film students and other artists.  Again, hip without an excess of pretension.   Occasionally somebody will have a Conspicuously Important Conversation on their cell phone.  But nothing atypical for a coffee shop.  There is a community here, which only a few other places can boast (such as Dandelion and, to a lesser extent, Infusion). Oh, and they have plenty of avant-garde videos -- which was more important in the world before Netflix -- but their selection usually invites interesting conversations.  They play videos quietly on monitors visible in a few places (not enough to be distracting) and more than once I have decided to rent something after seeing it on the screen here. Misc: Photobooth, full liquor bar, small stage for performances, interesting decor, subdued lighting, bike rack, scooter club meeting place, plenty of places to plug in a laptop, outdoor markets on certain days. I've visited many other coffee shops in O-town and I always come back to Stardust -- the best coffee shop in Orlando.
This use to be a great place to meet friends and get a coffee or beer. It seems over the last 4 years it has gone down hill. After tonight I have made the decision to never go back! The food is good and the beer selection is decent however I don't ever want to give my business to a place that treats you like scum. Whatever reason the staff has for being so snotty (unhappy with their jobs, life's or just think it's cool to act that way) it's unacceptable. I really wanted to go ask to speak to a manager however had a feeling whoever I talked to would have just as bad of an attitude and my temper would have gotten the better of me. I guess some people have no problem putting up with this kind of service to be in a place that is "cool" however it's just not worth it.
Stardust is a really cool place to hang out. If you want to just chill and catch up with a few friends, this place is perfect, provided there isn't an event going on the evening you decide to do this. If there's an event, depending on where it is being set up, things can be pretty loud and pretty crowded. The food is also pretty decent, but very much overpriced. Then again, it's to be expected. They have quite a variety of beers as well, and one of my favorites ever now actually came from one of the surprisingly friendlier staff members. I say "one of the surprisingly friendlier staff members" like as though they're not really friendly because, well, that's exactly the sad reality. Most of the recent times I've gone, my friends and I had the unfortunate opportunity of being served by some of the slowest and rudest folks ever, or so it seems. I don't know if maybe they just have an issue with life, or if they have no interest in actually doing any work, but there they are, filling up the space that is meant for someone who is actually supposed to serve you. So, I think they need to learn that being rude is seriously going to stop people from coming back. In fact, I haven't been back there in months for fear of running into the grouches. This is very unfortunate, especially when I used to really like coming here. Some weekend afternoons, I would actually hang out there by myself, order a sandwich, and go through my photography, or other fun work. Now, I steer clear and go only when my friends want to go and hang out. There are far better independent coffee shops, with much friendlier staff, around town and not too far away from Stardust.
There's always something cool going on here. I can't speak too extensively about that though, because I usually show up for scooter events or food. I saw one terrible band preform in their underwear, but I won't hold it against them. So as a restaurant - supertastic! Where to start? First, you can treat them like a Starbucks with their free WiFi, except waaay more hipsters. If you have a hipster allergy, you might want to keep at arm's distance... Joking but true. They're everywhere though so... Kinda like a gluten allergy, you're screwed... Lollercoaster! Then there's the fact that they have a full bar. I haven't really taken advantage, but what place shouldn't have one? Serving beer only just sucks balls, especially with no cider in sight! Their food so far is fantastic! I keep getting pulled in by the Rob Reiner, which is a meatloaf sandwich with some other stuff on it, I think, but it's enough to keep me ordering it again and again! It's a healthy portion, so you can split it and be good to go - probable healthier that way... Speaking of that, I'm happy to see that they serve a side of leafy greens (fresh) with everything. Great touch. And their rose tea is nice. Price is quite reasonable. I think you can eat under $10 a person without alcohol. I think the Orlando Scooter Society meets there and they have seating outside, in, and further back if the event going on is too loud. Unfortunately, hipsters usually run the outside to watch their single speed bikes and revel in their coolness. Then they puke up their nasty PBR and leave it there for the staff to clean. And they can't not smoke. What disgusting creatures (not all, but hardcore ones usually). That's all I got for now, but if you're in Orlando, you've probably already been there anyway...
This place is kind of inconstant for me. They sometimes have friendly staff... other times they are cold. Lots of good places to study though, nooks to wedge yourself in and be a made sutdy scientist. Food can be very tasty, but overpriced for what your getting. Medicinal infusions :) are great
Videos, coffee, beer, wine, music (performances)...what more can anyone need? This was my spot, all through my youth (I guess I'm still young, but I'm so far from home).  It was always vibrant with interesting people and conversations, and the miniature parking lot only adds to its charm.  Plus, if you can't maneuver your way out of it, chances are, you've had one-too-many and shouldn't be driving anyway. My life is better because of all the good times that were had at Stardust.
Thankfully they took out all the dust collecting vhs videos that made the place smell like an antique shope. Liquor is a cool addition, but without a decent bartender, blah. Cheap and Straight is the drink call. Service not so good, food is ok but it takes foreveeer. Great beer selection for Orlando! But you have to drink it there. Total scenester daydream.
Amazing teas, beers, and salads.  A very laid back and eclectic atmosphere.  I love to go there grab some lunch and set up my laptop and work the afternoon away while listening to music chosen by those who tend bar and kitchen.  Everyone is so sweet and welcoming there. Indeed do try the 5 easy pieces :) *the most cozy shack in town with live music and indie flix
Bottom line - The coffee snob approves of this place. Reading through the reviews I expected the cold shoulder when I first went to Stardust, but I have always received friendly service no matter who was working.  Perhaps they can sense that I am a coffee snob like them?   Honestly, there is always such a diverse group of people here, that I find it hard to notice any one particular type of customer.  Hipsters, yuppies, young, old, its definitely a good place to people watch. But, naturally, the most important thing is always the coffee and Stardust delivers.  The drinks are consistently good.  I haven't tried any alcohol there yet, but given that some reviewers think they make them strong I will definitely have to verify that. Overall, Stardust has earned its way into my coffee rotation.  Swing by and you will see why.
I have yet to find a place like this in another city.  Find films you can't rent elsewhere.  Check out the funky, fun, slightly grungy decor.  Get a good drink and some food.  Maybe even catch some live music.   There should be a requirement that every city have a Stardust.
Stardust has a really relaxed atmosphere with a great selection of beers.  My friends and I love to catch a couple here then head across the street for a night of karaoke at Big Daddy's!  Good times, good times. I haven't tried the food yet, but will definitely be back to nosh.
Stardust Video and Coffee is the kind of place I want to love.  I made my first visit recently (I'm out of the hipster loop as I'm a little old).  Stardust has the right atmosphere, size and abundance of eclecticism that I like to support.  If I was trying to impress someone special (or my wife) Stardust would be high on my list of places to go. I had a really good iced coffee (the expresso machine was down).  Sandwiches, while looking great on the menu were a little underwhelming in real life.  My Cuban sandwich had no ham on it (not sure it was supposed to according to the menu) but was also kind of skimpy for the $8 price tag.  It came with a salad but since there was only one kind of dressing (that I didn't use) I threw some of the lettuce on my sandwich.  Since it was you know...a pressed pork, cheese and mustard sandwich instead of tasting anything like an actual Cuban sandwich I figured it wouldn't matter...and it didn't. I didn't have any beer, but the selection was inspiring.  The decor was well worn (loved in my eyes) and I really like the vibe in the building.  Maybe next visit I will stick with the coffee (or beer) and find a snack such as cookies or the advertised waffle if it is something other than an Eggo's and closer to the legendary coffee shop friendly Dutch Stroopwaffles.
So many different types of people come here.  Yes, a lot of hipsters and artists but also geeks, older people, students, and even yuppies.  Many of the bartenders have a heavy hand with the liquor, which can be a plus or a minus, depending on what you like.   The food is pretty tasty, but can be pretty inconsistent just like the service.   You can get an account to rent obscure movies that not many people have!   A few super awesome things about Stardust: They host the Audobon Park Farmers Market that has REAL farmers and fisherman with locally farmed products to bring [that's on Monday nights from 6-10].  Their Sunday brunch is always a treat and reasonably priced.   The bartenders are always making up new concoctions to put on special.   AND the Grandma Party Bazaar is held here.  Really just a lot going on and a lot of variety.  They are a venue, too, and you'll probably either LOVE the music or HATE the music.   I love the ambiance of the place.  Check it out, you'll see.   I wish they'd update the bathrooms is my only complaint.  Can't win em all.   So to recap, Stardust is: a coffee shop, a video rental place, a bar, a restaurant, an art gallery, a venue, a farmer's market on Monday night, and a haven for creative types.  I'm probably even missing something....
I think Charles R said it best below. 5 stars because it's the only place in Orlando where I can see a show, eat a plate of hummus, surf the internet, drink a St. Peter's Golden Ale, smoke a cigarette and rent a good movie all at the same time. P.S. They organize their movies by directors, and don't forget to check out the sleeper section.
Stardust is an interesting place. It has a very laid back vibe, something that holds true back to the days when they actually had videos. I've been visiting this place for about a decade, I decided it's time to write something about it here. As far as decor, this is not a fancy place. It has a very, well... I'll say it, sloppy look to it. That's not a dig, it's part of it's charm. If you've been visiting this place for a long time, you've seen the changes it's gone through, and how they've just quickly adapted to it without a lot of fuss. So no, I don't think they hired an interior designer. They make do with what they've got. This is the kind of place you'll see people sit down and park themselves for four hours while studying or working on their laptop. The food, from my experience, is consistently good. It's nothing you're going to rave to your friends about, but it's good food, at a reasonable price, with lots of vegetarian options. There's definitely a hippy bent to the food, and the place, but it's not as "natural" as say, Dandelion. They have an excellent beer selection, with many higher end imports and craft beers. They also have a large tea selection and coffees. So what's the downside? Service. It's no real fault of the staff, it's a matter of how the place is laid out. ALL orders come through the front counter. Whether you're ordering food, a drink refill, whatever, there's ONE person to go through. This can lead to long lines. All you want is another drink, and you're behind 12 people ordering food. It's not very well thought out, and slows the process down drastically. The addition of a bar last year only worsened the problem. Overall, it's a regular stop for me. Good consistent food, excellent drink selection, and a cool laid back feel to the place. They also have events in the parking lot occasionally. If you haven't visited yet, it's definitely worth a stop.
Best place to grab an iced tea, hummus plate and search the web for free. Large tables. Lots of places to plug in. Open Mic night. Rare beer. Cheap. Great place!
Dear Stardust: Please never stop making your chocolate chip cookies. They taste just like the ones the old ladies used to make in my elementary school cafeteria. Because of this obsession, I doubt whether I can call Stardust a healthy place to eat, but that's okay. I can lie for you. And chai  tea latte with a real bag of spices in the cup? Why thank you. You sure know how to round out the meal.
This is definitely a cool hang out spot!   First off I was impressed by the randomness of this place.  They serve food and coffee, but they also have a full service bar.  In addition, they also have a cool photo booth, which I love!  It's the right blend of interesting.     The staff was friendly.  The bartender was super easy going and mixed up some really awesome drink concoctions, even partaking in a few shots with me!  Super bonus points just for that!!!
I have been missing out! This is my new favorite place.   My bf and I came up here on a Monday night during the Audubon Farmers Market.  We opened a tab and our night consisted of 2 sandwiches, 3 craft beers & 1bottled soda for a total of $33+ tip~ not bad! My bf got the meatloaf sandwich and loved it. I had the grinderman-ooooh, so good! Both plates came with a fresh side salad.  We were both extremely satisfied for our bang for buck as well as the quality. After the first round of drinks, we decided to step outside and shop the farmers market. Score!! Shopping is always more fun with a drink in hand! Vibe wise, I would call it eclectic and kind of a one size fits all. I saw the brooding man writing in a journal sipping a coffee in one corner, a father with two kids racing around the store, some hipsters, a few couples on dates and what appeared to be some regulars chatting at the bar. It didn't matter what kind of person was here, everyone seemed to be having a good time and doing his or her own thing. There is also outside seating as well- I love the built-in booth, which might just be my fave spot to hang. The girls behind the counter were really friendly and gave out some good tips on their favorites to eat & drink.
I've been to Stardust a few times - there are always lots of events going on here. Every Monday night is the Audubon Farmers Market - fresh produce, sweets, eats, live music, clothes, accessories, etc... Stardust is a great work place, or to just catch up with some friends. I had the American Psycho sandwich tonight - SO good. Fresh bread, hummus, veggies & a salad on the side. Seems so simple but I promise it's a good bet. Definitely check out Stardust sometime & some of the local events happening there!
I have been living in Orlando now for 9 years, and did not hear about Stardust until a year ago working in the technology industry.  A group of colleagues mentioned this was a great place to meet with a user group or to go and get work done. It was time for me to try this place out, and wait, 5 min from my house? Even better! I pulled up and saw a comfortable spot to head to with my laptop.  It was time to get some work done away from the office and away from any distractions at home.  I then smell delicious goodness, and head over to counter to ask what type of food they had as I was unaware they served food.   I went ahead and ordered a chicken sandwich that came with a salad  (they also give you a bottle of their dressing to take with you).  There are a variety of drinks to choose from - Teas, to Coffees, to Beer & Wine, anything you are in the mood for is right there. Each time I go there I am there for hours and don't even notice.  I put headphones on and zone out to get work done.  My favorite time to come here is after work, after a good work out.  This way I can relax, get something healthy to eat, and feel accomplished when leaving. I recommend this place if you want to have a unique place to work from, surf the internet, or meet new people who come to hear the music on some nights. Thank you Stardust for the free WIFI too! :)
I've been a fan of Stardust for years.  I just moved back to town and after a day back here, I headed straight to stardust. It's the most creatively inspiring coffeehouse in town.  The decor is earthy, quirky, artsy and fun.  The staff is welcoming and friendly.  The customers are unique and diverse. There's a good amount of table space for those of us who like to study. Lots of outlets to plug in a laptop.  Fun and wide selection of films.  Good beer and wine selection. The food is fresh.  Great salads and sandwiches and a good amount of vegetarian and vegan options.  They have a delicious balsamic dressing.  The salads and sandwiches are a little pricy for a coffeehouse but they're quality! I love Stardust!!
Ordered a hummus plate to-go today. Very little vegetables were on it (the same happened last week).  I counted 10 discs of carrots, 8 sticks of red peppers, a wedge of red onion, and 6 discs of cucumber. I guess what is going to happen is that I am not going to purchase food there unless I am dining on-site. Maybe then I can actually ask them to fix whatever is wrong. I made the observation to their staff once regarding the inconsistency of this dish. The answer I received was "well, it depends on the chef". So there you have it. For $8.50 it's an expensive "I will wing it" item. Not a good value at all. The hummus was great as always but did not have olive oil, which is how they serve it. Or is it how they serve it? Who knows.
Hands down one of my favorite places in Orlando. Great coffee and food selection. Not to mention a sick environment to hang out and work or chat with friends in.  Ps they have a photobooth so bring your dollars!!
I totally dig this place. It was like stepping into a favorite old coffee shop. It's not very intimate, but that means there are plenty of tables and space for all of those Mac users, artist/writer types and artist/writer type wannabes. On my first visit I only had an iced coffee, which was a bit bitter. But I'll keep coming back to try other items because the space is so ideal. I'm digging Audobon Park.
Stardust is a pretty relaxing place to grab a cup of coffee, a snack, or study. Very hipster. I see a lot of people by themselves at a table working on their laptops or reading. There are some DVDs that you can rent, and tons of books to read also. There's pretty awesome artwork on the walls which you can purchase. The food there is good. I've had their bagels, veggies and humus and all of it was good. Nothing too special. The pita is yummy and I could just eat that by itself. They also have a full bar. Service is all right... it's hit or miss. I've had awesome service one day and I'll come back another time with a lady totally ignoring me like she's bringing other personal drama into her work place. Parking is pretty bad... it seems like I've had bad luck with parking every time except the time I came wicked early in the morning at 9AM. I guess I don't have anything to rave about besides it being a neat quiet environment with food and beer. I'll be coming back, despite that girl who looks like she wants to punch everyone and everything.
The atmosphere really makes this place great: It's a spacious place with little nooks and crannies and simple--but well-designed--touches.  I loved the tables so much I asked where I could buy one...turns out the owner made them.   The only reason it's not 5-stars is that the dessert case was rather luckluster, which is too bad for a good coffee shop.  I've heard, however, that their "real" food is very good.
go with a salad and a black tea- they have many. Ever been to Brooklyn? yea, you'll love this coffee house. Whhhat? I haven't reviewed this place yet? If you're looking for something to do they are super liberal on what they post on their windows, and you can order beer, wine, coffee any time of the day. Quick internet speed and location make this the place to go if you need to work from your laptop, or if you need to interject yourself in the hipster scene + cute & fun staff.
Absolutely love this place! Everyone I bring loves it. The design is super awesome and original. There's a vintage photo booth that actually works, books for sale, videos to rent, and AMAZING food. I get the meatloaf sandwich every time, though everything we have ever tried has been amazing.
Stardust has AWESOME music if you are a 80's alternative rock fan. I AM. FREE and SUPER FAST and RELIABLE  WIFI. Fantastic selection of coffee, tea, Italian sodas, some beer, and high end tequila and other spirits. There are three rooms: 1) The artsy cave like with stage room. Tables are actually glass covered doors. It works. Most tables are near outlets. Lighting is subdued and not the greatest for computer work. 2) The reception area has a few tables near the door. 3) Another large room contains tables and this room looks like a library. It is more dimly lighted than the artsy room.  There are also tables and chairs outside to delight in the fresh air, or for smokers polluting it. People came and went or stayed, and everyone was mellow. Good place. Try the Italian line of syrups with soda water. The raspberry rocks! I gave this place 4 stars because the bathroom is a total dump and I met the hugest, ugliest cockroach there. Scared the hell out of me. Everything in the bathroom needs a renovation. Enjoyed hanging out here for hours and hours... got a lot of fun on the FREE WIFI.
Two stars for tasty food and one for the pretty things hanging from the ceiling. It's a great place to people watch, if you like watching people who don't have jobs. I actually enjoy the horrible customer service. I just pretend I'm in an episode of Portlandia and the whole thing is hilarious. What's not so hilarious is the screeching, horrendous music selection that blares through scratchy speakers. Since most places like this are hangouts for students or hipster twentysomethings who play on computers and read books, I would expect the music to be a little more tolerable. Then again, maybe I'm just not that cool. The meatloaf sandwich is wonderful and so is the pesto/chicken sandwich. They have weird names so I can't really remember them. There is a photobooth and IT WORKS. That's all!
This is my happy place in Winter Park. I love to come to Stardust to hang out, play games, drink wine, and just chill out. Stardust was mostly a coffee shop and video rental place some years back. Things have changed for places that rent movie media, but you can still actually rent a movie at Stardust if you just ask.  Nowadays I would primarily characterize Stardust as a bar/restaurant and hang out place to study, read, or meet with other people. I do love this place, with all its beautiful hanging lanterns, refurbished door tables, and quirky decor. The staff is always super nice and helpful with suggestions on what beer to drink or what wine is open and ready to pour. I've had assorted food at Stardust. Like a chicken pesto sandwich and sometimes a giant platter of tater tots with sriracha ketchup. The food is pretty good, but I will always return for the cool atmosphere. One last note - the parking is a pain in the butt sometimes and don't park across the street unless you want to get towed.
Came here for an event and had an excellent time. The bar staff was well-versed in beer and able to make some great recommendations. The nachos were delicious and I hope to make it back again soon to try the other menu items. They were very capable of handling the large crowd that showed up for the event and I would recommend them for anybody looking for a place to host something.
A friend and I were here last weekend to get an iced coffee and to hang out after having lunch at 903 Mills Market. After our coffees were gone, we decided to have a beer. I had a Samuel Smith's organic raspberry ale, which was very good. A 550-ml bottle cost $9.50, though ($10.12 after tax). Yikes! Good stuff, but the prices for such things are very expensive here. I like to hang out here on occasion, but from now on I probably will stick to just the coffee, food and snacks, or a mixed drink here and there. Many of the beers, while imported, can be pricey. For further details, see my original review. I don't have any other updates from that.
I had to circle around and update my previous review.  Again, last night, after dinner we decided to take friends here just because it was local to where we were eating.  And I was hoping once again that it might not be the experience others had which were less than desirable. The trip was good.  The girl behind the counter was very nice and soft-spoken.  She explained the offerings as far as the tea selections were concerned.  She was really sweet and waited for our friends to decide.  And we ordered coffee and snagged a table. Granted, its very bohemian, which I like.  I had to chuckle about the videos on the shelves,  it was like we were having coffee in a friend's house who is a hoarder of movies.  Don't expect them to be in alphabetical order or anything, lol.  Just dive in and find something. Another good trip here,  hoping for equally positive trips in the future.  :)
I'm glad that this video store/coffee house has lasted as long as it has.  It is quite surprising that it has given that it is in Orlando.  They have an expansive selection of hard to find movies that you surely can't find anywhere else. The downside to this place is that parking is at a premium since the lot is so small.  I don't go there much anymore because I got tired of jockeying for a parking space, and then having to fight my way through the crowd of people who were taking up space on the sidewalk.
Videos and coffee and beer and food and people and everything that could make you happy. I miss Stardust and Stardust people so much. And if you feel a bit put off the first few times you go, like you are out of place and people are aloof, don't let that dissuade you. Keep going and eventually you will find that all of your favorite people are there and there will always be someone to talk to when you go alone. Order the nachos or the 5 Easy Pieces and confront more food than god intended a single person to eat at once. Then eat it all because it's delicious. Get the best iced tea in Orlando (unsweetened, too!) Or a St. Bernardus on tap. Or, if they still have it and you're adventurous, get the Rhodehamel waffle and see what's in the kitchen that day, because that's what will be on your waffle. EDIT: I forgot how good the iced tea is. God it's so good. And with a brownie? Amazing. Two things you might not normally put together, but they were meant to be.
Cool place but not executed particularly well. The service was spacey, the space cool but the vibe overall lacking. I went on an afternoon to read and it was very loud with several patrons playing their music on their computers and kids running rampent. The bathrooms were particularly gross and the a/c was not working. Fix these things and it could be a great place!
Anytime a friend comes to town, Stardust is one of the places I always take them to see a true side of the local culture. If you happen to come during the Audobon Farmer's Market on Monday nights you are in for a treat, local vendors sprawled out on the parking lot selling their goods, occasionally free live music inside and great food ( I LOVE their quesadillas!) If you are looking for a quiet place to study, this is your spot too. Plenty of space and great ambiance to get your creative juices flowing ( especially if you are writing a paper). They have a terrific drink selection and yummy baked goods to end your meal sweet. Plus, like any amazing Orlando establishment, they have a photobooth :) one of my Fave spots in Orlando, hands down.
Ive been frequenting Stardust for years now (Since 2008) and I love it.  It has a San Fran feel with the comforts of Winter Park.  The Crispin Glover sandwich is the best in my opinion.  I usually come to Stardust to get work done but I occasionally grab a drink at night if I'm in the area.  Everyone working there is awesome too.  I highly recommend the 'Dust if you're in the area.
Eclectic was the very first word that came to my mind upon walking into Stardust.  It's a very funky and unique coffee shop--unlike any other I have been to in the Greater Orlando vicinity.  And not only because they offer movies and have doors as tables.  The décor, the menu, the setup and the music playing, all add to its distinctiveness.   I appreciate that it is not a cookie cutter café and the fact that they've been around since 1970.  The walls are made of concrete and are decorated with pictures of random people.  Some famous and some not.  It's clean yet very simple.  There is a stage and an old school photo booth if you are feeling frisky.  The pieces of artwork that are on display are also for sale which is a neat thing--supporting local artists always impresses me. The menu looks pretty snazzy as well and had I been there around a meal time, I would have ordered the 5 Easy Pieces Sandwich--buffalo mozzarella, tomato, eggplant, roasted red peppers and pesto.  The pastries and breakfast items, neatly displayed when you walk in, also looked very appetizing.   I also noticed that many of their food items could be "vegantized" if you happened to follow that diet.  A nice perk for people who enjoy an animal free lifestyle. I did order their coffee which comes from the Batdorf & Bronson Roasters, a company who produces their product through 100% renewable energy.  My cup of joe had great flavor and was gone before I knew it.
Another coffee shop in town that screams character...Stardust Video & Coffee. This place definitely stands out among the rest not only in appearance, decor and employees, but also in that they have a pretty big video collection from which you can buy or rent (I think). You can find some main stream, well-know videos, as well as independent, uncommon titles. As far as their coffee goes, I'm a fan. I haven't had the opportunity to try their food yet, but I hear it's not the best. Perhaps they should stick to coffee and forget about the food then. The seating area is small, but cozy. A perfect place to read book, chat with friends or simply relax for a bit. The decor is not my favorite, mainly consisting of a hodge podge of colors and decorative items with no pattern or thought to the madness...or at least it seems that way. The staff are okay, not the nicest people I've met. Every time I've been here the person behind the counter seems to be having a bad day...and they very well may be, but at least pretend you're happy. The clientele of this place is quite diverse. Being that they are in Winter Park, very close to Baldwin Park and in the center of many homes, they are frequented by everyone from socialites to teenagers and kids to people on their way to work or moms on the go. At night however, it tends to be a younger "unique" crowd. They host unusual, fun, random events here from time to time. You can usually turn to their blog or the sign in front of the shop of info on dates and times. Overall, not bad, but not my favorite hang out.
This is one of those places that make you happy about being in Orlando. It's big, experimental, weird, sparkly, funny, and has food, coffee, a bar, and video rentals. A great place to sit, meet people, talk, think, work, or study.
The coffee is awful & the service is even worse. None of the employees care at all if you are in there or not. Even when I'm the only person in the shop, it still takes 15 minutes to get a coffee & the employees act like you are a terrible inconvenience. I have never been treated as if I'm a valued customer when visiting there. There are some good things about the place. Their sandwiches are incredible, even though they do take 30+ minutes to show up. Their beer selection is also real nice. I never choose to go to Stardust, but if friends want to meet there, I will join them & have a beer or two. I do recommend trying one of their sandwiches, but only if you are very much not in a hurry. And don't mind being treated like you are an inconvenience by the staff.
Large coffee shop with a good selection of sandwiches and beers to boot.  This is the kind of place you can get lost in, with plenty of nooks and bookshelves to squirrel yourself away in, or meet up with your friends and have a chat.
i kind of hate and love supporting the stardust cafe.  i love them because they aren't starbucks or barnies.  i love the independent spirit that is woven throughout this whole place.  but f*%! if the customer service isnt the worst service ever.   great if you're freaking all indie style and eschew all that represents the main stream.  but for f*%!s sake, let yourself make some money just by being nice.  AND THINK ABOUT THIS OH GRUMPOSAUR COUNTER PEOPLE, IF YOU'RE NICE, YOU'LL GET MORE CUSTOMERS WHICH MEANS MORE TIPS WHICH MEANS YOU CAN ACTUALLY GET A REAL JOB AND BE OF SERVICE TO THE WORLD.  i promise, it'll be ok.  no one in the indie tribe will hate you for simply being kind or pleasant.  WAKE THE F*** UP ALREADY!
Fun hipster place, too bad it's so dirty there is dust everywhere
Great local place, if a bit inconsistent. I love love love their coffee, beer, and tea. Their food is usually good, but sometimes it's a little off. (Their scones are a little hit or miss) The service is ok. The people who work there are somewhat friendly, though not too much, so as not to damage their hipster credibility. I recommend staying away from music conversations, as you might get a snobby review of a band you love. Lots of hipsters and artists frequent this place. I quite like the local bands that come in to play, and they always have tons of posters advertising local events. Every Monday there's a little market in the parking lot, which I recommend. Anyway, this place is a love-hate kind of thing, as you can see from the other reviews. I say give it a try, you might like it. If nothing else, it's a fun anthropological study of people.
Stardust is on our regular rotation of eateries. We love that there are so many vegetarian options. Try the BBQ tofu in for Esme, With Love. The vegetarian chili and tater tots are also favorites. We have always found the staff to be very nice and accommodating. This review is not five stars just because the service can be very slow. You cannot eat here quickly. It is a place to come and relax.
I've been here several times. This place is great for working on papers. Whenever I go, almost everyone seems to have their laptops or are just hanging out. Its a chill environment with a bunch of videos to rent out. They also have a cool photo booth and their coffee drinks aren't half bad. Very great place for studying and just hanging out!
Iced Coffee! Yea Yea, most people love Stardust's selection of veggie samplings and beer, I however, love the iced coffee. Insider Tip:  Stardust leaves the soymilk on the main counter; they won't ask you if you want cream. I sort of enjoy that  because iced coffee doesn't automatically assume cream like most chains may believe.   Use to have a huge selection of movies, but I like the more social atmosphere now. Really works for people looking to study, work ^_^, and hang out. If you want your indie flicks, get netflix. The goal of getting out of the house is to stay out  of the house.
I like stardust.  It's a neat and comfortable building.  Great place to run into cool people.  events, shows, films, etc. the only thing i don't like about stardust is the COFFEE.  I'm not a fan at all, but i'll suck it up for the sake of the building and the people that congregate there.
Located on the north edge of Orlando on E Winter Park Rd. Stardust is a great place to go and just chill over a cup of coffee or any of the variety of unique beers that are on tap or from their extensive bottle collection. It's in an up and coming area called Audubon Park and it is in walking distance of Park Ave Cd's, Bluebird Bakery and Big Daddy's Roadhouse to name a few. The Audubon Farmer's Market is on Monday nights. Local vendors sprawled out on the parking lot selling their goods, free live music outside and inside and great food as well. I like that it is not a typical cookie cutter coffeehouse. The walls are made of concrete and are decorated with pictures of random people and artwork. There are a couple of stages and an old school photo booth if you are feeling adventurous. The artwork that is on display is also for sale which is a cool thing to do and help local artists get their work out there. I recommend this place if you want to have a unique place to work from, surf the internet, or just people watch. Great friendly staff and awesome atmosphere. If you're really looking for a 'local' place in Orlando, this is it.
I like Stardust, generally. Most of the time it's bright and open, so there's no claustrophobia going on when you sit there for eight hours working. It's a pleasant environment. The food, of which I've had I think every vegetarian option, is tasty, especially anything with the vegetarian chili. There's a good beer selection, and I've never had a weak drink there. The food does take forever to get to you, and is undercooked at least a third of the time. My friends and I would put bets on whether "15 minutes" really meant half an hour or forty-five minutes. The employees range from aloof to blatantly rude, but I'll admit, I've gone and not ordered anything before work, just leeching their wifi, and no one bothered me. The Audubon Community Market is in the parking lot Monday evenings, and is worth going to for the local food.
Can't complain about the beer, coffee, food, or wifi.  I don't really show up to watch movies, although I'll take a peek if I'm not wrapped-up in conversation with other people, or getting work done online. About half the time I go there, there seems to be some event in the parking lot.  I'm always utterly confused about it, but there's plenty of parking on side streets if that should occur.
I'm not a hipster. Very much not. I try to shower, and like to think I dress far from that of a homeless person. But something deep down in my anti-hipster heart makes me love Dust. Yes, the service is horrible. Even though the same baristas see me at least 3 times a week, they still scowl at me and make it known that their texts are more important than my coffee. Some of them are OK, but for the most part, they're always going to make you feel as if you've done something god-awful to ruin their lives. The people that go there are hit and miss, but most of them are really friendly and great folks just wanting to have lunch or get work done and no one ever bothers you. There CAN be families that come in a lot of the time and it can be very distracting when the kids are running around every corner of the shop, but I understand parents need a place to unwind and have coffee too. The chef's a great guy as well, super friendly, much unlike the rest of the staff. Unfortunately, I try to avoid certain foods/have food allergies and have not gotten the chance to try any of the food available. The coffee is pretty good though, unfortunately I dont drink anything but black so  I cant tell you how good the rest of the beverages are. The ambiance of the place is fantastic. Whether the light  is beaming thru the windows, the rain pouring down, etc, its a great place to accomplish all you need to get done. Yes it smells a little funny or musty, but its a part of the charm. It may "try" too hard to be as hipster as possible, but I think its all very interesting and sometimes the art there for sale makes me want to scrape my empty student pockets and make a purchase. Its a big, empty, breathable space with a lot of natural light. Its a great place to daydream as well, and you cant even get mad because its one of those places that is able to just make you relax by being there. It makes studying at a dark dingy coffee shop or under the fluorescent lights of UCF library feel like a restless, anxious purgatory in comparison. There's a bar in here, and I've seen performances on stage as well. Theres a small farmer's market Monday nights in the parking lot outside. And its very helpful in trying to find out all the events around Orlando, the flyers are always current. Oh, and if you see a tan Asian loner by herself, dont be shy to say hello  :) !
I adore Stardust. I try to come here once to twice a month since it is a little out of my way now that I have moved. They have an expansive book and movie selection, and the food is incredible. It's a more indy atmosphere, which I love, and they even host a farmer's market on Monday evenings from 6 - 10pm directly in front of the restaurant. I can't get enough of this place. I highly recommend it.
Fun place for a coffee. They have great hot chocolate and free wi-fi, what more could you want?! The shelves of books to read and DVDs add a cool old-school aesthetic.  I heard they also have a farmers market in the parking lot on the weekend and other cool artsy activities too. Considering my first job was at a video (VHS) rental store, this place gives me warm feelings.
Aw, these negative reviews make me sad :( Stardust was very much a part of my social life when I lived in Orlando and I always make it a point to go back when I'm in town again. I love it here, can't say enough good things!! Though they've changed through the years (when I was visiting almost daily in 2001-2004 they had a seemingly larger video selection for rent but it makes sense that they'd tone it down with the onset of netflix/convenient and almost always free streaming online movie and tv sites), but adapted and put in a full, well decorated bar in the main room to the right of the counter. The photobooth brings back fond memories of my youth, the coffee (both plain and their specialty items) is always delicious, and I love a place I can just lounge out for hours, reading the weekly (aww i miss it so!) and smoke cigarettes alone (never felt weird doing that here!) or with friends.   If I was ever in need of something to do for the night, their proximity to downtown and abundance of listings for shows and community happenings would make the search easy as well as serve as a great spot for us to meet before going out. I don't know what people are talking about as far as the 'attitude' of the staff is concerned, they've always been sweet and helpful!--and ugh, we get it--you hate hipsters! Waaaah! it's so obnoxious to be well dressed and be into different music or movies or fashion or whatever than you are! the shame of it!!! Yaaaaaaaaawwwwn. anyhow, good flicks, good food, cheap deals on beers and always a pretty decent wine selection. whenever i go back to visit, i always always always come back to give Stardust a hello! I do, however, miss those old black and white bumper stickers--bring 'em back!
I can't do it. I used to show up at this place no less than 4 times a week way back when they first started out. Renting videos, drinking mediocre coffee, checking out the ever changing art, but now? Forget it. The food was decent on my visit where I wrote my first review, but the service... the service is what kills it. It's like they find the most miserable shitbags possible with the most hideous wardrobe, which is in... or something? and give them jobs standing at a counter rolling their eyes at you and getting to you when they feel like it, not when you're next. I've never seen employees get so bent out of shape over having to do their job. Oh my god I'm sorry you had to open a bottle of beer or pour coffee from a pot of old stale crap. You poor poor missy pissy pants. I will never ever purchase another thing from this place until they fire that staff and replace their corpses with some people who actually care to be there. Being a dick to customers is SO out. Not hipster. The only reason I'll ever go back is for the little events they have in their parking lot where local artists sell their stuff, and my money will only go to them. Eat it Stardust.
' NO, GET THE FUCK OUT !!!"  Saturday morning, 9 a.m. I went for a cup of coffee to find a man behind the counter not working, but serving himself and apparently his son or the employee's son for breakfast. He gave a shout out for me to let the employee know that there was someone there waiting for customer service. I had waited and waited and finally gave a holler too,  'hello' and out came this girl fixing her hair with a deranged look on her face.   I said, ''hello, I'd like a cup of coffee please.'' She looked at the man and then at the boy sitting there next to me, put her hair in a ponytail and said, 'NO, GET THE FUCK OUT !!!" I WAS IN SHOCK.  I did not know know what to think, but knew something was very, very wrong, so I called the police. After the Orlando police arrived and heard both our sides of the incident, it was clear that she had fabricated some story and now there is an unwarranted  trespassing notice under my name.   THIS IS INSANE.  I was born and raised here in Winter Park and this is not acceptable in my town.   I realized in hindsight, that calling the police may have been perhaps unnecessary, but I did not know what to think when people are serving themselves behind the counter and employees are telling customers '...GET THE FUCK OUT  !!!' I will boycott STARDUST VIDEO & COFFEE and let everyone and anyone know that this place is out of control.  It's reputation precedes bad customer service, despite it being an edgy, eccentric hot spot in town and most people have looked passed the way their employees treat customers, but this has gone too far.
As usual, the food we got at Stardust was delicious. I got the pita pizza with pork and my husband got the grinder sandwich and he said it was great. Unfortunately the staff was lacking in any bit of politeness to say the least. We were at a long table with several people, and one person sharing the same table number was sitting at one end, with us at the other end. When the server came out she set the sandwich down with the other person and took the number, but didn't say anything to us.  I couldn't get her attention, so I went to the counter to make sure that our food wasn't forgotten about. The girl at the front counter went to check, when she came back the response was "She can't carry three things at one time". I told her I didn't realize that she was still getting the other items. The server came out and said that she was getting it. She literally ignored me when I said I could take the plates to our table and that I hadn't heard her say anything about coming back to our table. I get that things can get busy when the market is going on in Audubon Park, but there is absolutely no reason for the staff of Stardust to be as snotty and rude as I've experienced there. If we have other friends going to Stardust we might go, because the food is good and they have a great beer selection. But doubtful we'll ever go on our own again.
Stardust is a quaint little place that I never knew Orlando had to offer!  My first experience there was great!  All the staff members were really friendly and the service was speedy [basically counter service, but still!].  I can see myself sitting here all day just sipping on either a coffee, tea or beer and just surfing the net.  A much better alternative to the ever ubiquitous Starbucks!  Besides, Starbucks doesn't have beer!  So come on down to Stardust!
Doubt I will return.  I get what they are going for.  But when you have to try so hard to be a hipster location - you are trying too hard.  We went on a Monday night while the "farmers market" was going on.  The menu boards were LESS than descriptive.  When I asked the "oh so friendly" lady behind the cash register what came in the quesadilla, she said to me "cheese and onions".... she really seemed bothered that I asked her the question.  I asked if I could add chicken and she rolled her eyes and said yes.  My boyfriend got a meatloaf sandwich - he said it was good... not fantastic.  My quesadilla was very good... but the attitude it was served with turned me off.  Both our meals were served with a mound of tortilla chips and about 2 teaspoons of salsa.  Just a word of advice, I'm pretty sure cheese costs more than salsa.  While super yummy, cut down on the cheese in your quesadilla and cough up a bit more salsa.  With the friendly reception we were given by the lady at the counter, I was afraid I would be melted with laser beams from her eyes if I went back up to ask for more salsa.   Oh, we also ordered the tater tots.  We sat down, waited a long time for our food, finished our dinners and the tater tots still hadn't arrived.  My boyfriend went up to the counter to ask about them and (his words), "the lady with the bad personality" said the tater-tots take a little longer.  Maybe it's me.. but if you know the tater-tots take longer, you should probably mention that to your patron when they order.  About 10 min later, the tots arrived.  Well, in the time it took for us to get our tater-tots I was expecting these handmade potato pillows from heaven... but we got dried out, overly crisp flavorless tater-tots.  Even the ketchup didn't help them.   I want to find something nice to say, but I truly feel like they could have cared less about their patrons.  So, I don't even want to try and find the silver lining to this black could diner.
Consistently great food. Their Sunday brunches are awesome, and the menu changes every week to something new, completely different, and equally good. Coffee is tasty and fresh, every time. Staff are friendly and fun, even during the pre-noon hours of the day, a feat I have trouble with. This is also one of the few places in town that can make a truly delicious Bloody Mary. Even having tried them from totally different bartenders, no diminishment of quality, spiciness, or heartiness. The last one I ordered had a giant hunk of candied bacon sticking out of it, holy amazing. Love.
If you don't order the vegetarian chili, you are missing out. It can feed 2-3 people.
Good memories here with friends, and a pretty decent beer selection. Having said that, everything you may read in the other reviews about the snobby staff is, perhaps with a few exceptions, true. My suggestion, if being treated poorly, is to address it.  See if they'll stand behind their attitude when you call them out on it.
I want to like this place. It is cute, unique, spacious, and until recently was one of the only nearby places where you can get beer, wine liquor, and food in a smoke free environment with both indoor and outdoor seating. These attributes should make it a gold mine. We have returned several times for a drink just hoping each time that we will have a better experience and be able to embrace it as a neighborhood favorite but I've had enough I am finally ready to admit to the world/yelp that I hate this place. The main cause for these feelings is the service. Every. Single. Time. we are met with rude and indifferent staff who seem to know nothing about their menu or what liquors or beers they have in stock. They don't want to know either they just want you to look for yourself at the unhelpful menu board, or stare across the counter into their beer cooler, or gaze upon the wall of spirits to figure out if they carry Crown Royal because the bartender has no idea. Of course this all happens after you've waited several minutes to get their attention because they were so engaged in a personal conversation that they totally didn't see you desperately staring at them from three feet away. Once you do finally place an order even that takes way too long as these bartenders are incapable of the most basic required bar skill of multi-tasking...you can actually watch them get sidetracked 2-3 times in the process of mixing one drink and pouring one beer.  I have even seen all of these things happen under the eye of people who appear to be management even though their style of managing seems to just entail helping themselves to wine, getting in the way, or further helping the bartenders avoid customers via personal conversation. You might be thinking this is just one terrible employee but no it might actually be all of them. Not sure how that is possible but they pulled it off. They get one star for that achievement and because I had a good sandwich there once.
I heard a 7-11 used to "live" there. A great meeting place. Some hustle and bustle to help you get focused on that project or paper. Great service and local treats. OH: You can also drink there !
Stardust I miss you!!! Come to Seattle!!!
I used to go here just to rent really obscure movies I couldn't find at ballbuster video and that weren't on netflix and are VHS only or really hard to find like "the year my voice broke" the prequel to "flirting". Now they are more focused on wifi, food beer and drinks which is great because they say they still have the same amount of videos for rent. Full Liquor, all kinds of exotic and cool beers and it's very close to a hip music store park ave. cds. So go here and then go buy the latest cd at park ave and then go down the street to rainbow snow cones.
I liked this place a lot, a very eclectic mix of people, food and video.  It's got good food even though it may take a while to get it.  I never go to places like this in a rush anyway.  Try the 'stoner'.
Cool place to get some food and drinks, downside is that you have to deal with a bunch of hipster douchebags and backwards trendsetters
Nobody wears bras here!
I dropped in on a week night, and it was pretty busy. I had a delicious sando. My word to the wise... if you're with a friend who is self conscious about their cool factor, this place is probably a bad decision. Non-hipster awkward kids from the suburbs can be easily frightened and intimidated by the mere presence of the cool kids. I brought a friend who is kinda... well... self aware... and he was freaked out the whole time. Good food, good tea, I like it, but it's not for everyone.
My daughter took me here for a quick bite to eat while we were apt hunting...which by the way is a drag. We had iced tea..average and a bowl of veggie chili over greens...very tasty.  Place was kinda empty as it was mid afternoon.  As a mom and not a groovy hipster..I felt like the place probably could use a good cleaning but could see why it might be fun to park yourself there for awhile as they don't make anyone leave. Very nice. Love all the decor items...quite crazy.
Not sure how I made it a whole 6 months living 2 minutes away from this place without even knowing it existed.  My husband and I were ecstatic to find this very cool spot!  Reminds me of Berkeley, CA for some reason- could be the book case, people camped out with their lap tops and espressos, people playing board games, and artful (and some what crowded and creepy-in-a-good-way?) decor.  I got the feeling I could open a book and stay there for hours on end without being aware of the passage of time. I tried the soy latte, and the espresso was a little strong for me- the barista generously gave me a double though.  I'd like to swing by one day when there is a performer.  Seeing as we have at least 3.5 yrs left here in Orlando, we'll certainly be back- numerous times.
I think Vaughn B. nailed this one. I went thinking it was a video store, a place where I could rent some hard to find films, or maybe just the popular crap, but I figured that videos where a main part of the business. Not so much. They seem to be more of an afterthought at this point. From reading other reviews I guess back in the day this place was pretty kick ass. Now it's just... I dunno. Might be cool if you are looking for a coffee shop or a place to hang, but I was out for movies.
I've been to this place several times and I quite enjoy it.  Sure, the bartenders and countergirls have a sort of hipster-y look, but what's the big deal?  And what the hell is a hipster, anyway?  It hurts my head to think about it.  I don't care if you wear big black rimmed glasses with no prescription and thriftstore clothing and listen to bands that nobody knows or cares about as long as you treat me well and provide me with good service.  Priorities, people. Don't you have better things to do than take issue with a gal in her head kerchief and skinny jeans and American Apparel leotard?  I mean, really.  Unless she's a real jerkface, of course.  Then I can maybe understand the problem, but that may be a personality defect rather than the product of an aesthetic affectation.  However, I have never had that problem.  The worst I've ever gotten was the (possible) stink-eye from a lady in the kitchen, but hey - maybe that's just the way her face is made.   We've been there for beers and snacks (the stardustian pita and hummus plate is great) as well as for brunch and coffee. I know the last time we were there we tried an avocado mac&cheese that was kind of ...weird.  I have a feeling those two flavors just don't work well together no matter how amazing they may be separately, on their own merits.  I'd really like to try more of their menu, especially their Crispin Glover - who wouldn't want to eat a sandwich named after that weirdo? I love how spacious this place is, especially late morning/mid-day.  The boyfriend and I like to come in for coffees or adult beverages, and play MTG for hours, and we have never once had to fight for a table or give ours up to anyone.  I've only been here late night, once, and I did not enjoy myself, but that's more to do with me hating weekend bar crowds/nightlife (hipster or no) rather than anything to do with Stardust itself. This continues to be one of my favourite midday coffee places, and I highly recommend it even to those with the dreaded hipsterphobia.
so hip, so funky, so fun. i'd been wanting to check this place out, and happened to have a book club meeting here yesterday (nerd alert!) which gave me the chance to take it all in. i got the last spot in the teeny-tiny parking lot (though there's some parking across the street and next door too) and the place was buzzing at 4ish on a saturday. it was a diverse crowd - couples hanging out, people working on their laptops, others playing board games (!). the place is divey in the best sense, with lots of fun decor and a wall full of DVDs  & such. i made the mistake of asking for a chai at the counter and the guy working asked another gal "we can do that, right?" HMM red flag! i should have gone with something on the vague menu, because i ended up getting a hot chai tea with ice and some milk in it. less than tasty. oops! to make a long story short, we ended up coming back here at the end of our night, and i rectified the earlier snafu with an iced mocha that was great. i didn't go to sleep until 4am, but that was my issue... i can definitely sense the holier-than-thou hipster vibe emanating from some of the staff members here, but i can easily overlook it at such a cool spot.
Great Orlando coffee spot/cafe. The food is excellent, the decor is funky, and they have a full bar. I like how they do so much to support other local businesses and communities. I wish more businesses in Orlando did that.
There is plenty to like about Stardust and I probably can't say it any better than others who have already reviewed this funky jewel. But one of my favorite aspects of Stardust is their approach to re-using and re-purposing. The most obvious: old doors as tables. More subtle: bulk food cans as plant pots.
Great place - but don't go if you're in a hurry! Food and massive drink selection =  great! Lots of interesting local oriented events & shows, and a community vibe make for something much more than "video and coffee!"  :]
I dig it. A place where the Monday fresh market is intoxicating and you can get waffles 24-7....yep I am in it to win it! Regardless if you are hungry or thirsty for a drinky drink or coffee you will find yourself satisfied. The servers can be a little quark but they come with the place. Sit outside or find yourself inside at the hodge podge of work stations or with tables to share with your friends. They also have a photo booth so bring your dollar bills! In all honesty Monday nights rock!
This may be the only true local coffee establishment I have every found in Orlando. I am from the west coast where hippie coffee shops can be found on any corner in any earthy town, so you can understand my disappointment when I moved to FL to find a lack of independently owned coffee houses. I do have to say though that if you too are from the west coast or from some other distant hippie commune, this will not make you feel at home. This place plays well into a "hipster" feel, but compared to the overabundance of other coffee shops around town (sarcasm) it is a great find. I will definitely be returning to fill my cup once again.
Coolest place in Orlando. Nice ramshackle coffee house with sofas and I believe they still have occasional live music, plus the best indie video rental collection south of the Manson-Nixon line.
Was packed when I went on a Friday night. Very cool concept, however beer prices were a bit steep or I was overcharged... From a first time visitor standpoint, which I was, the lines were a little confusing over where exactly to order as people were just milling around everywhere. Lots of space though, so I would go back for a second opinion. More specifically, was charged 7 dollars for a Red Rocket IPA... and when asked what beers they had the front counter didn't address all of the other beers they had hidden away... Usually this beer runs 4-5 bucks a pint any other microbrew place.
Good coffee, amazing video selection... definitely a diamond in the rough chain-store metropolis of Orlando.
I only went for a tea and a little reading time after Krystal worked her magic on my hair next door at Shag'd.  The girl who served me was pleasant and the crowd interesting.  It's grungy hipster Brooklyn kinda place but I liked the vibe.  I don't know that I'd go for the food, especially since the menu seemed rather cryptic.  Based on the very mixed reviews I have seen here I don't know that I will go out of my way to come study and drink me tea here (which is sad because I really liked the joint) but I'll swing by after my hair appointments and see how it goes.  In the meantime, I will continue to go to Starbucks where I like their tea and their employees are almost uniformly friendly.
I went here looking for some new types of beers to try and found a really good one. It was a Rogue and was served in a mason jar. There were a couple others that I wanted to try but the music started and I decided to leave. They also serve food which looked appetizing but I didn't try since I left soon after arriving and finishing my beer.
I love Stardust. They opened just three days before I moved to Orlando back in 1999 and I lived just steps away. I remember talking to the owners wife back then (maybe they weren't married yet) and she seemed worried that it may not work. Well, it worked. It didn't take long for this place to become a huge part of the community. Since then, there have been several stages, but the current stage is my favorite. Young and old. Hipsters and Hippies. Everyone seems to come here to work or eat or just hang out. Free wifi, pretty good food. Hot coffee is decent, but the iced coffee is where it's at. Strong enough to make you stop and appreciate what real coffee tastes like. Some people complain about the staff. I think they're great. Nice enough, but not sugary and phony. If you want a greeting several octaves above normal, go to Starbucks. If you eat here, get the Grinderman; grilled chicken, pesto, goat cheese and hot sauce. A perfect combo.
On my last trip to Orlando, I spent at least 6 hours at Stardust, I was there with a Full Sail student while she worked on a project. And I was entertained the whole time! The people who worked there were nice to me. I ordered a Cuban Sandwich, and it was great!! Also the bar served me some of the strongest Crown and Cokes I've ever had. I found that to be pleasing. the Farmers Market thing was cool I met a lot of people while I was there. And the next time I visit Orlando, I will return.
I adore this place. Good food and drinks, great place to hang out.
Its a hip coffee place with a great selection of imported and micro beer. Lots of cool art to look at. Lots of cool people hanging around. Makes you feel like you're cool too...for a minute.
From the décor, to the clientele, this place is eclectic. Almost everything about this place seems a bit haphazard, -and that's exactly what I like about it. Stardust doesn't try to be anything it isn't. It isn't aiming for that "quaint" kind of decor you can find at a place like Infusion Tea, or for the clean & rich corporate interior of a Starbucks... nope this place is haphazardly put together. And this entropy is what makes this place special. Consistent with this, you'll find that the service is laid back, -they'll get around to you when they get around to you, which in many cases is more than sufficient, and other times it's frustrating. If you're looking for consistent service with a mandated smile, then you're better off going to another coffee shop/eatery where your expectations will be met. The food here is always tasty, the beverages always worth the trip, and the people I've met there have always been nice and interesting. So don't spoil it.
Stardust is the best place in town.  With great food (try the Rob Reiner), eclectic music, a quiet setting and lots of time and space to unwind, Stardust is my home away from home.  The place is chill and is pretty much awesome in every way imaginable.
Great food, awesome beer selection and decent coffee. I don't really know what the hell is going on in Orlando. Orlando has some of the best coffeehouses in country, no really! Stardust, Austins, and Drunken Monkey are fantabulous places. If Orlando keeps it up they might actually be know for something other then the 2nd best NBA team, LOL.
A great place to go to get some work done or hang out, eat some good food. The food is really quite outstanding, their teas are great, and so is the beer selection -- plus lots of cute hippie chicks. It used to be really cramped and hard to find seating, but they removed probably 2/3 of the movies and added a bunch of tables, and now it's easy to find a place to sit. (Although the movie-room, where all the new tables are, kinda smells funny). All kinds of eccentric performances can be found there on some nights.
This is possibly my favorite Orlando hang out spot.  I don't get to go as often as I would like but it is still awesome. And... they have Kombucha tea.  So that makes my day! I love the eclectic quirkiness of the whole thing, but I took my sister who, who said "this place is weird" in a valley-girl way.  So, don't take anyone who is going to ruin it for you.
Stardust is a great hangout. Although I do not study or read there, I do go to converse and drink coffee/drinks with friends. The food is delish! Yes, it does take a bit to get the food sometimes but it is worth it. Order a drink while you are waiting. I have been going to Stardust since it has opened. I was 23 at the time. I am 33 now. It has gone through many changes and I have fond memories. One of the many places I will miss when I leave Orlando!
Ah, the places I used to go before I had a toddler.  This was one of my favorites.  Very funky and cool and a great place to hang out with friends.
Its a very laid back, indie artsy restaurant. I really like their food. You can get everything from the Hummas plate, to a pulled pork sandwich to a fabulous salad with either Thempeh or chicken. I believe they only have one type of dressing but its one of the best i've ever had. They have great tea and coffee. You have to try the stoner; its a coffee with butter, brown sugar and honey. Its sound awful but its sooooo goood. Fun little spot.
Pretentious and lame, yet a versatile resource. Huge library of DVDs, board games, and books. You can use them and the free Wi-Fi for your labtop. Spacious, with large tables made from distressed antique doors. Many booths. Excellent place to meet, or drop by to visit friends. When you first come in, you order and pay for your meal. You are given a table stick for them to find you to serve. This is your opportunity to leave a good tip in the cash basket or by credit card. Food is fresh and individually prepared, but takes FOREVER to get to you! (bring your laptop). The server did not have any expression, say anything, and did not stay for me to find out how to refill my  cup of  tea. Liquid sweeteners for your fresh hot beverages, and sauces for your sandwiches. Different stages I assume for live performances.
This is a great place to have a coffee, delicious salad, and to knit. Free wi-fi makes it the perfect place to do some writing too.
Not what it used to be. No longer a good place for the thinker as there tends to be a lot of noise from families/babies/parties, etc.
It was so cool!  Very "hipster".  Good coffee at a decent price.  It's a place where you can get a lot of work done.
Great atmosphere. Usually nice people. Not so good coffee and not much selection if you don't want plain old milk.
I went to Stardust on a Monday night which I guess is when they have a farmers market come in... I really don't know since I do not live in the area but the vendors at the event were offering up some great items.  We went inside and ordered a Dale's which was dated as being made in April.  When I returned it to the girl who served it she got a bit snooty and said "That isn't an expiration date!"  No.. its not but anyone who drinks IPAs would agree an IPA brewed four months ago is not worth spending $6 on..  I ordered an espresso instead and even though I do not put milk in my espresso it grossed me out that they had milk in the gallon on the counter for me to add.. Its not temperature controlled in its container... I also ordered a waffle which was flat and not fluffy... I held Stardust on a pedestal since the last time I was there which was nearly 7 years ago... Unfortunately I had to take it now.  I still enjoyed the atmosphere.... even though it was busy.
Stardust and Austins are two of my favorite coffee spots. Stardust is 2 or 3 times the size of Austins and has a full bar setup. The inside is a little quirkier than austins and is roomier so you wont have to worry about not finding a table to get some work done. They have food, coffee, and a great selection of beers. There is a "scene" feel and some people who are uncomfortable may be quick to yell hipster and run, but really everyones real chill and only people who overthink it will be uncomfortable here. It's a great place to get work done in the day, and the place fills up at night with people having drinks and whatnot. They have my personal favorite espresso in town so I'm always coming back. I've heard people complain about the staff, but honestly, I've always just greeted them with a smile, and they've treated me well. Anyways, check it out if you've got some time to kill. my only gripe is that i've never been really impresed with their sandwiches. Stick with the tater tots.
I spend a lot of time at this place so I feel bad rating it only a 3, because I really do enjoy this place...for the most part. The server Emily is awesome and very considerate. However, there are just a few things that leave me with feeling a pang of resentment every time I frequent this establishment. 1) Price of wine...$6.25? That's steep for a small glass of cheap wine. 2) No happy hour specials...ever. 3) Food is great but too pricey. 4) Uncleanliness of bathrooms. Does FL perform health inspections? If so, how does this place ever meet code? The linoleum is beyond worn and is very porous, which likely accounts for the rank smell of urine and the fact that I feel I am contracting numerous diseases every time I use their lavatory. They are often out of soap and when I alert staff they seem annoyed/indifferent. 5) The hours. Full liquor bar that is only open until 12am, even on Saturday night? You would think that they would want to take advantage of the weekend crowd, but apparently not...
Love the atmosphere at this eclectic hipster coffee shop that is also a retro video rental bodega of sorts. Its cool and lined with art and dvd covers, along with alot of stickers and plain old grunge garb from the 80's and beyond. Im hardly ever in the area but when I am I always stop in for a iced coffee. Ive tried a bunch of stuff on the menu but my favorite is the tots, I hear they have a decent herbivore offering if your into that sort of thing. As far as coffee drinks go and service in general I think they are both a dime a dozen as far as how predictable it will be from one day to the next. Service has always kind of lacked in a way that i must say makes me feel like Im sub par human compared to the people who must be friends of the establishment or barristas. Once i asked how a specialty coffee drink was made and the girl told me she didn't know.. and no one knew how to make this one on the menu, and she basically told me to just order coffee instead of a fru fru drink..lol oh well I guess I would say they have spunk and videos and decent - horrible fare depending on the day but its the atmosphere and the iced coffee that keeps bringing me back in.
Great place to go and just chill.  Open late and plenty of inside and outside seating available to lounge around.  I don't drink coffee but my friend swears by it that Stardust has the best in town.  They also offer a large variety of beer and soft drinks for us non-coffee drinkers.
I really wish I had a raving review to write, but unfortunately I do not and it's due to the service. I appreciate it's quirky and laid back vibe (it reminds me of some of my favorite Austin coffee shops), but I feel I was overcharged for my drinks. My friend and I ended up getting mojitos following the bar tender's suggestion... It took forever to make which wasn't a huge deal at all, because I was there to relax, but when I got the bill I was kind of shocked. I do blame myself partly for not asking how much it would be, but it was NOT cheap plus I was charged a "bump" for extra ingredients?! Shouldn't that already be included in the price? I get it the drink was made from scratch, but c'mon. I don't get it , and now I'm left with a bad taste in my mouth. But I will try again in hopes of a better experience, and maybe get coffee or stick with beer. Too bad there are too few places around Orlando with an atmosphere like this...
