I-Bar is people watching at its finest. Men in dresses, people in their 30s decked out in full goth makeup as the paint settles into their newly formed wrinkles, costumes galore, balding businessmen on the prowl for some booty, those reliving the youth they left behind in the 80s: they're all here and they're on the dance floor. If you head upstairs, you can gawk from above. The smoke patio outside is an amazing place to watch women in 6-inch heels trip and fall, to get yelled at by a preacher who tells you he will pray for your doomed soul, and watch those who are too inebriated to walk get carried by their friends. It's also a great place to watch the cops who block off Orange Avenue scarf down excessive amounts of takeout. Drinks can be a bit on the weak side, but stick with beer and you should be able to achieve a decent buzz for around $20. 80s alternative music provides an appropriate backdrop to this freak show, and it's a laid-back, happy place to be on a warm evening.
If you're feeling like letting your hair down and shaking your rump then I Bar is for you!  It's a decent size place with a nice dance floor and several bars around for easy drink access.  They typically play indie or 80s music, so if you're looking for booty dancing/top 100/hip hop, I suggest you steer clear and keep it movin' to the Beacham.  They'll do you right at the Beacham.  AND Friday nights ladies are in for free and free drinks?  What?!  But I digress, back to I Bar.. it's dark, it's fun, it's worthy. Check it out.
This place is great. Extremely Fun! Multiple Levels! Great Music! Cool Vibe! Tons of Nice People! I always have a great time at I-bar, always had a rough morning after, but all in all, it was absolutely worth it. I was dance my honey off the entire night (if you've ever seen my dancing you would be both impressed and confused), along with everyone else. No one cares if you can dance or not. I always felt very comfortable, where as to other bars, bobbing along to the music is more preferred (LAME!). They got TVs hanging up everywhere, with weird stuff playing on it and sometimes music videos... You never know what you're going to see when you look up at those TVs. This was the only bar, I really ever went to, when I would go downtown.... I had such a great time, every time I didn't think to mix it up.
I would feel bad if I didn't give I Bar 5 stars because I've been probably 100 times and therefore it must be as good as it gets. I used to come 1 or 2 nights a week almost every week when I was in college but have since moved away. This past week I was in Orlando for the first time in about 3 years and stopped by. While PBRs have now gone up to $2.50 on select night they are 16oz cans. Not much has changed and it's almost the same exact music. The crowd is decent and there's plenty of people dancing. It's probably my favorite bar downtown and typically no cover.
I have a love-hate relationship with I-Bar; I love to go there and then hate on it. I will admit that it is one of the better places for dancing in Orlando but it's never my first choice. There are a couple things that annoy me about I-Bar. First, the smoke. OMG the smoke! It takes 2 days after a trip to I-Bar to clear my lungs and get the smell out of my hair. Second, the way the music is selected. I mainly go on Friday or Saturday. I prefer the music on Friday but they won't play a song unless it has a video. I understand they have all those TV but they should have something else to put on them so they can play requests. Also, I've noticed they will repeat songs. If you can't do a 3-4 hour set without repeating songs, then you shouldn't be a DJ. Third, the bartenders are kinda bi-polar. Stay away from the bald guy in the back. I do like the layout of I-Bar and I have friends that like to go, so I'll definitely be back.
A stale old formula offering nothing heroic, legendary, or even remotely novel.   This also goes for the young man sporting fake vampire fangs, and handing out black business cards in a dark bar. He represents the topography of the worst kind of conjured, comical nonentity. Perhaps this venue is worthy as a reminder that indeed heaven exists                                                                                            "somewhere else"
I'm a fan of Indie music both new and old (mostly old). So far, I've been frequenting  this place on Fridays ( I haven't been here on other nights but I do plan to). Judging from only the 5 times I've been to this place,  the music is usually hip (IMO) and refreshing (please keep the disco jams and remixes spinning!). Being from south Florida I can seem a bit jaded but I think this club/bar has some potential, cool patrons and I look forward to the next Friday I put my dancing shoes on and share some good times. Cheers.
Don't think I've wrote a review for I-Bar (which is quite surprising, really). We went a few weeks ago, a group of four, on a Friday night. We had a great time but I must say the music was weird - probably an 80's theme and the crowd was definitely older than usual. See, I like how I-Bar is down to earth and more chill than the hopping club equivalent but I am a little intimidated by the crowd. Some late 40'ish year old couple asked my best friend for a foursome and then some other lady asked me if it was okay that she was hitting on my boyfriend...Yeah, let's just say we didn't stay long after. Drink-wise, it was nice and I am thankful that people weren't drunk and stomping on my toes as they push their way to the dance floor :P
I have been coming to this club for years since I've lived in the Orlando area, and I always have a great time.  It's one of the few night clubs where you don't have to worry about what you're wearing.  People come dressed up as well as jeans and t-shirts and all are accepted.  There is also a good mix of younger and older people. The music on Saturday nights is the best.  They play the best mix of 80's New Wave as well as a few 90's alternative dance songs.   Cover is free before 11, drinks are reasonable prices, and the bar tenders are always friendly and good at suggesting drinks.
Edit:  Removing a star because Sunday Night Vinyl is no more.  So sad... ==================================================­= Independent Bar, iBar, Barbarellas... call it what you will.  This is the best place for dancing in downtown.   The drinks are average, no frills.  Depending on the night, the hour and your gender, the cover is somewhere between 0-5$.   The front bar has an outdoor area where you go to be seen and people watch.  The main dance floor is in the back.  There's a little side dance floor down stairs, and a third bar upstairs (along with the bathrooms).   All the stairs (hard to maneuver after a few drinks) and the tendency for the djs to be schmucks when requesting music is why they are 4 of 5 stars.   Best night?  Sunday Night Vinyl!
The security guards at this bar are on a power trip! ALL OF THEM! They are extremely cautious about under age drinking which is very good but it's to the point where they can be very offensive. Examples: double checked my friend's ID saying "I know I put X's on your hand!!" and on another occasion they made another friend triple sign her signature when she came in the door. So unless you're 40 be prepared to be harassed a little. All of that aside, the bar is very unique and has great potential. The first time i walked in I thought.. that's it? but no.. there's more just wonder around a bit. I like the little nook that overlooks the dance floor. It's a nice little place to have a conversation with your friends and people watch everyone on the dance floor. Not to mention that the times I've been there the upstairs bar has been less crowded.
My girlfriend loves I-bar. I think it's just average and if anything, severely overrated. I should preface this by saying that I work at a crowded, noisy "ultra lounge" five nights a week, so an equally crowded, noisy bar is usually the last place I want to be when I'm trying to relax on a night off. I also don't particularly enjoy dancing; (what can I say, I don't like doing things I'm not good at). It's big and there are a lot of bars, so even at its most crowded most folks shouldn't have a problem getting a drink. Said drink might be served by an annoyed bartender (god FORBID they have to actually, you know, do their job) and it might be smallish and a tad overpriced, but hey, the wait will be minimal. Regarding cover charges: I don't mean to sound like I have some weird sense of entitlement, but if I'm over 21 (and I am), I should NEVER have to pay a cover charge at this place (or anywhere, for that matter). I don't care if it's three dollars or thirty dollars. I came to your bar to, duh, spend money on alcohol. That's what of-age folks usually do at bars. Leave the cover charge for the 18 year-olds. And yeah, no one wants to deal with a doorman that's acting like a pompous jerk. I would know. Talk about a bad first impression. The dance floor (at least on Tuesday) is crowded. Too crowded. Prepare to be elbowed and stepped on. Also be ready to dodge other idiots spilling their drinks and flinging their cigarettes all over the place. Classy joint.
This is an okay place to go for a night out. If you're really into dancing, I'd suggest somewhere else unless you're really into the music they play here, which is mostly eighties, new wave, and industrial. The crowd is pretty interesting, consisting of mostly Goth and Industrial kids every time I've been. I'm not really into that scene so much as it seems like a lot of work to look different when really you just look like everyone else who's trying to look different. I don't really like the decor too much either, the whole place seems really tiny and cramped to me.
This is totally INDEPENDENT as it is. I am a tourist to Orlando, found this one yelp with decent review and decided to check it out. I don't get the vibe here, is it a dive-bar, hippest-bar, techno club, 80's music. I felt it was all over the place. Of course the upside is whatever you like you probably will find here. I grabbed a beer and bounced within half hour.
My first time at the establishment, I wasn't impress.  It was so hot at one of the bar.  It does get better as you go further in.  It's like a maze , very interesting.  The music is ok, all eighties music.   The crowds is really interesting.  I saw a lot of goths  lol Ladies, if you are alone I would not advice you to come here.  It look rough
I've been going to I-Bar for as long as I have been living in Orlando. My friend introduced it to me freshman year of college and ever since then it has essentially been my "go-to spot" downtown. Back when I first started going, it was only a few bucks for cover if you were under the age of 21 to get in. Now that I'm older, I get in free with ID before midnight. Pretty sweet deal either way, in my opinion. The one thing I love about I-bar is the atmosphere. As the name implies, it has that alternative feel with lantern-style lights with dolls hanging in them swinging above the bar at the opening of the club, and a Voodoo Lounge bar that is usually playing a "classic" movie on a TV screen off to the side. The feel of I-bar is decidedly eclectic. And this also happens to apply to the "crowd" seen there. In my years spent going here, I have seen people wearing every type of outfit, from a casual sundress to a black catsuit. I have seen people in their 20s dancing and having a great time, and I have seen people in their 40s dancing right next to them. But in my opinion, variety is the spice of life and I enjoy the high degree of acceptance seen here compared to other clubs. At I-bar, Thursday night= Indiecent Thursdays with both old & new indie tunes; Friday night= College Indie Night (my personal fave); Saturday night= New Wave 80s (note: there will be a 30s-40s crowd here on Sat nights). Also, even though it is an off night for going out, Tuesday nights aka Grits and Gravy nights when I-bar plays old school rock 'n roll are a lot of fun and definitely worth checking out if you happen to have the day off on an upcoming Wednesday.
Go upstairs and grab some drinks to start out your night. Less crowded and it gives you a great view of the dance floor. Start dancing early, the music isn't as good at the end of the night.
3.5 stars. Good spot for dancing. Drinks are cheap. Atmosphere comes and goes. DJs could be better. Better than most of the bars on Orange Ave. At least there aren't a crapton of douchebags at this place.
I've head people talk about I-bar for months and I finally took the opportunity and checked it out. I loved them decor and the music (it was a Thursday night) was fun and catchy. The drinks were good and not too expensive (then again, I wasn't paying! lol) I was so surprised at how big that place is! We left when the lights turned on and the bouncers were friendly about letting us know it was time to go. Definitely wouldn't mind going back!
Grab your skinny jeans, thick black glasses, and cigarette of choice and head to I-bar for a fun night of dancing to some good non-pop/rap music! I-Bar. The classic "alternative" bar/club in downtown. Guys- if you have a crush on Zoe DeChanel (sp?) get down here because you will fall in love about 46 times throughout the night with different clones of her. Come to I-Bar for some fresh PBR and a good ole' time!
Horrible. Disgusting, dirty, lots of indoor smoking, crappy drinks, and the bouncers are complete jerks. Don't waste the time or money. One of my friends had her REAL ID taken. They didn't believe it was her because it's a few years old and faded, so they gave her a notepad and asked her to sign her name 3 times. They still didn't believe it was her so we had to get a cop from down the street to come verify it was her. Completely ridiculous.
Was in here last night from maybe 12:30 or 12:45-after 2 & had a lot of fun. The music here last night was VERY LOUD, though - more loud than I remember it being in the past. There was a good crowd in there last night, though ... and not just one type. There was a good mix of young and old (late 30s/early 40s; I'm not talking about the elderly!) and hipster and non-hipster. I enjoyed some of the music last night, though it was mostly electronic/dance/etc., though whoever the DJ was threw in a Lady Gaga song. Yuck. I should point out that I DO ... NOT ... DANCE, so when I'm here I'm just people-watching, enjoying a drink and listening to the music. This is a great place to dance - I just don't do it, nor can I. I-Bar does have a lot of TVs, though I doubt there's ever a time when they won't be showing music videos. It's not like you can go here to catch a Magic game on TV, or anything. Not from what I've seen, anyway. I'm not familiar with a lot of electronic/dance/etc. music, but I found myself tapping my feet a little bit during some songs. Some other songs I didn't care for. My favorite nights here are still Tuesdays/Thursdays/Sundays. Not much for me to add to my existing review, though if I stop in again soon and my memory is refreshed about something I need to point out on here, I definitely will do so.
I-bar isn't one of my favorite bars in downtown, but it always seems to end up on my list of places I went every time I make that crawl from one end of Orange Ave to the other.  It is definitely different than any other bar I had ever been to!  Very indie, very rock, very goth, very crazy girl on "The breakfast club."   Great drinks. Strong drinks. Just like everyone else has said...great people watching whether they are out of control on the dancefloor or if they are out of control on Orange Avenue.   Always have a great time, but at the same time...this is always a place i end up after midnight.  And at that point, i'm not even mad I paid cover.
I've only been here once, and the place seemed to have real potential. But somehow I just didn't click. I'll definitely have to visit again. I might have been a little over-excited and low on energy though, as I was still wearing my full Santa suit after a few hour gig (didn't want the rental to go to waste). When I walked in, I showed him the guy my ID, and good thing for the kiddies, he didn't make me pull off my beard. There were plenty of interesting little crevices to hang out in, so I really wish I had an entourage. I'd kill for a Yelp Elite event here! Anyway, first thing I noticed was an empty dance floor, so I had to do a little Kris Kringle break dancing to try and start something. A few people joined, but it fizzled out quick :(. My friend who I was with told me that she'd never seen it so dead, so I'll definitely be back.
Everyone seems to love I-bar. Everyone but me. Unfortunately, since everyone loves it I find myself there more often then not. If it wasn't for their little outdoor seating area I would probably give it one star. But that little seating area provides for some excellent people watching on Orange Ave. I guess the reason people love it so much is the music selection. The music selection is why I hate it. They play retro stuff. ALL THE TIME! I also hear they have Goth night which would be a different scene but still not something I want to be a regular at. The bar itself is where the stars come into play, they have an upstairs bar, a downstairs bar, a dance floor bar, and an entrance bar so you never really have to wait long for a drink. And every once in a while if you want to not get dressed up, go out and make a fool of yourself then I-bar is where it's at.
very unique - that goes for the crowd, music, and bar itself. I really liked this place...should have stayed her longer actually. It was a bit cold out so the outdoor dance floor wasnt as hopping as I am told it usually is. I was not a fan of the smoking though, im used to cities with smoking bans I guess haha. Another fun thing is that this bar is connected to eye spy, another very cool place that I will be getting a review on in a few.
I just love its 80s music on Saturdays. I haven't been to I-bar during weekdays which I need to give it a try sometime. Not much else to say about this place, it's just a cool bar to go sometime.
Reasonably priced drinks. It's not really my style.  Quite the eclectic group. It's kind of this strange mix of goth and hipster. They play old school music videos from the 80s. It's an odd place. Good for people watching. Nice sized dance floor. It wasn't crazy crowded either which was nice. We could dance with our group and weren't packed in there like sardines.   There are 4 different places to get a drink too, which is super handy.  I like the one all the hallway, it's a little more secluded.
For those looking  to escape from the typical club scene and enjoy dancing to something other than techno,rap or r&b, this is the place to go. Independent Bar or I-Bar as its most commonly known as is a unique place for people to go enjoy and dance to good alternative music. The place is usually packed to capacity on the weekends, so if you going for the first time i'd recommend visiting it during the week as you get a real feel for the place. With two dance floors playing different music there is something for everyone. If dancing is not your thing you can always sit outside and enjoy a drink as you watch people walk up and down orange ave.
I-Bar is probably the best, laid-back indie (duh) bar downtown. It's a fun place to go to dance like no one's watching, even though it gets pretty packed. I prefer it to places like Sky60, actually. There are I think 3 bars inside, which minimizes wait times. One of them is packed away in a tiny room, which is a cool place to sneak away from the dance floor and sit for a bit. The music is always fun, and not the typical club music. Indie... and some days are 80s nights. Or oldies. etc. I also like that I can go here in jeans and a tshirt and not feel completely underdressed, like most other clubs downtown. Def a chill place! I dig it.
The Independent Bar is quite fun! The New Wave and Indie nights are particularly appealing and there is often no cover (or at most a few dollars).  The crowds come late, so if you come early expect an empty dance floor.  My only complaint is the smoking, as it can be a bit unbearable at times. This is a nice bar to go to and get away from the typical club scene in downtown.
Went on a Thursday because a lot of people on yelp said Thursdays were a good night. Free cover before twelve for 21+ and free per till it runs out. Sister had a jolly rancher drink and I had a free pbr. Jolly rancher was $4.50 . Decent price for a drink. The only thing I didn't like about Ibar was the dj. Played songs in its original form with no remix as a dj should. Was a bit boring to dance to so we left early. However, crowd was chill and friendly. Not crowded on the dance floor or at the bar. Will be returning, but possibly on a different night because of the dj.
I-Bar stands out among the other clubs and bars in that the atmosphere is less skanky and more generally enjoyable. It's less of a place to go simply to get completely trashed and more a place you might go to dance, socialize, and listen to generally awesome music with a fun, interesting crowd. I was one of a handful of swing and blues dancers from the Orlando area that regularly went there to dance and had a blast, even when we weren't dancing. The DJ (at least on Tuesday nights) is a good one; he's not just some guy with an iPod and a playlist that he lets run. He watches the crowd and gets a feel for what they are liking/dancing to and adjusts accordingly. The atmosphere/setup is nice. The third bar is in an upstairs loft that overlooks the dance floor, with a few tables to sit at and people watch. The dance floor is surrounded by booths, the bar (in back) and a wall devoted entirely to screens playing music videos (on Tuesdays these are mostly psychedelic). I personally have never seen any goth kids there; a better description would be indie kids and mainstream folk, with a few punks sprinkled about.
I can't say I'm a fan of the Orlando club scene. But to me I Bar is the downtown gem in the midst of overpowering cologne and too tight bondage skirts. My favorite night is Indiecent Thursdays and the DJ does a good job keeping the song selection current and constantly changing from night to night. But this doesn't mean the occasional nostalgic club favorite like The Killer's "Somebody Told Me" or Junior Senior's "Move Your Feet" is ignored. My favorite part of I Bar is definitely the crowd though. There is a lot of people watching to be done here and you're sure to meet interesting people any night you go. At some other clubs it's apparently the norm for guys to grind up on you from behind uninvited but that has never happened to me here. Overall, everyone on the dance floor here just wants to enjoy the music, the fun atmosphere and hang out.
yep.
I-Bar is one of the better bars downtown.  Most of them are so generic.  I-Bar's eclectic mix of music is refreshing.  Alot of it strays away from mainstream.  The atmosphere is more chill and relaxing than places on Church Street like Makos where you pretty much can't move.  There are several different levels and bars throughout I-Bar.  The bars are never so crowded that you can't get your voice heard.  There's a chill area with lounge chairs and benches to kinda sit back, relax, and watch everyone dance.  Drink prices were pretty reasonable too.  If you come before 11 PM, you can avoid the 3-5 dollar cover.
oh hell yes! after hearing so much about the famous i-bar, i was psyched to make my first visit this weekend. my friends and i got here early (like 10:15) because we're cool like that, but on the plus side, we didn't have to wait at the bar which was awesome. cheap whiskey and no cover? yes please. it was "college indie" night, and probably since i'm not in college anymore, some of the songs were completely unknown to me. however, there was enough old-ish metric and julian casablancas and head automatica to keep me happy and dancing. oh, and there was a crazy homeless man dancing! he was great. the cigarette smoke was a little much at times, but overall, i was a big fan.
The lights are cool in the back room, but it's too small for a bar/club!  I really don't have a lot to review on this bar as it's not my favorite at all.  I went to this bar on an Orlando Pub Crawl event, and as soon as it was time to go to the next bar, I-Bar was empty.  I don't know the normal vibe on a regular night, but I'm not sure I'll return on my own.  I can dance to most things, too, and the music wasn't terrible.
Independent Bar, or I Bar as most of the bar hopping regulars refer to it as, is a crucial establishment in downtown Orlando's nightlife.  It is a booze-filled haven for all of central Florida's citizens, plus any visitors to the area that may stumble upon it.  The key element that pushes I Bar to the fore front of the city's other bars is the music.  Whether you are there for Tuesday night's "Grits & Gravy," which features tunes from the 70s of the rock 'n soul variety, or Saturday's old school, new wave night, you will always have something to shake your bum to.   And that brings us to the dancing.  Each night the diverse crowd brings with it even more diverse dance moves.  No matter what genre of music or pop culture you stem from, you will feel at ease letting the beat control your feet.   Mondays the bar is closed, but if you are looking for a night of fun on a night when most of downtown has slowed down, I would request going on a Sunday for some 80s music fun.  A handful of the nights forgo cover until 1am, and the drink specials can't be beat (especially for the broke and desperate college crowd).   The bottom line is Independent Bar is a place where crowds of all types gather for an unselfishly good time to shake it to some great music and sip on some budget priced beverages.
Went there for my first time (as the I-Bar that is) a few weeks ago for 80's night, and it was fantastic. They played less of the 'pop radio' 80s and more of the awesome, amazing tunes that came from that decade.. Echo and the Bunnymen, The Cure, Depeche Mode, the Smiths, Peter Murphy.. I was in heaven... I'll be back soon, that's a fact.
One of my favorite places to go dancing. They play a great selection of indie electro music and the crowd is usually pretty cool, although girls should expect the usual weird guys trying to dance with you. It's got a reputation for attracting Orlando's "hipsters" and is pretty much a huge dance party.
Been coming here since, idonno, since Visage closed down. Some of the 80's is still here.  Good place to dance sometime if you catch the DJ on a good run.   Miss the goth chicks. ... There're a few Hot Topics goths here and there who don't get it...Like the indie stuff too
Gets a bit crowded but nice. The prices on the mix drinks are competitive. Good music! Hard to mingle because of the loud music but great for dancing. This is where I met my fiancée so needless to say I'm a fan.
I don't get out very much anymore, but from 2003- 2007, I frequented IBAR weekly. You will never find a bar like it anywhere else. Trust me, I have tried. IBAR is the only place that I can convince my eclectic group of friends to meet up and dance to everything from New Wave to Britney Spears.
Love this bar!  Haven't been in awhile but I used to frequent this bar anytime I was in the Orlando area.  Now that I've moved to Orlando, I've been itching to get back.  I love the New Wave 80s night.  It's a cool bar with a very alternative, trendy and diverse crowd.  Great to see the videos playing on the big screen!  To me it feels like a NYC bar in the middle of downtown Orlando.  Very cool place.
amazing i was there last week. if anybody want to spend the weekend in downtown Orlando u have to see this bar
Love the I-Bar! Every time I go, for whatever reason, I'm never that into the club scene; the thing is, I always end up having the best time.  I totally dig the music and it always gets me dancing (and I'm NOT a dancer).  I haven't completely decided if it's the shots or the music, but I always end up on the dance floor.  When you go, look up at the ceiling--very cool decor.
anytime and everytime I go to Orlando i go to disneyworld. oh wait wrong review. I mean I go to the independent bar. was it weds that the drinks are super chep? I love the music here. I love the people here. I love the drinks here! but since I'm an ex smoker and live in a state where smoking is banned inside clubs/bars the smoke is annoying untli about drink 3 and then I could care less until the next morning when I get a smell of my hair and clothes.
80's New Wave every Saturday is amazing. There are TVs everywhere where music videos from the 80's are played, what? How amusing is that? This place is always fun whether you dance, people watch, or watch the music videos. I love you I-bar.
I like I-Bar a lot, but there are usually way too many people.  The music is great, but the alcohol is cheap.  Can't complain too much though.  Every time I've gone I've had a great time.  Lots of great music, stuff you usually can't find anywhere else, and lots of great atmosphere.
I've been here twice over the past five years, but I've had fun both times and I really like the set-up of the place. I'm not much of a downtown O-town person, but if I was and if I decided to go out drinking and dancing, this is probably a place I'd stop.
Friday Night 80's Night is the best for those wanting a trip (and a drink) back down memory lane! A great place to stumble into after a few hours dancing elsewhere to end the night! Get crowded but thats part of the atmosphere!
Saturday's are the best 80's night in town!
My girlfriend took me here about a week ago. It's probably the best club I've been to. Best music out of any Orlando club. It truly is one of a kind in this city.
Hot times, Hot Girls, Hot music lets go NOW!
Lee is the best bartender ever!
SOOOO hipster its not even funny, but everyone is friendly.  Lay out is kinda funky, as are bathrooms but good music and fun times. Kinda wish it would go smoke free though, ventilation is not that great and I always leave smelling like an ashtray.
Every bit as I expected it to be! i was here on the night if Christmas and i was happy i decided to spend it there. The bouncers and bartenders are friendly. Music is loud and popular.
Pretty nice bar in downtown Orlando.  I liked how they had separate "rooms" throughout the bar.  It was pretty quiet when we went (Thursday Night), so we just stayed for one drink
Formally known as the all familar BarBarella's...this place is a local favorite for 80's night (mondays I think) and has had several great promoters come through over the years. They used to have a great Tuesday night with DJ 8on. The weekends tend to play industrial music....and rock. I saw several great live bands on the back patio. this is one of the few bars embraced by all walks of life. The crowd really depends on the night....I avoid going on the weekends...a little too EMO/Goth for me.
Tuesday's dance party is a great time - it's like the best part of an 80's themed night, but with all the other classic rock hits you'd otherwise been missing from the other decades.
As far as bars/clubs go, this one is great! The music is unique and eclectic. The scene is also appealing for so many people. The crowd is a diverse mix of gay, straight, male, female, hipster, fashionista, etc. This is where I love to end my night when bar-hopping downtown.
I've tried just about every club in the metro Orlando area at least once. Most are the same. Independent Bar tends to have a laid back atmosphere where people go to dance! Every night has a different theme of music. Saturday nights are retro 80s. No cover before 11pm. It seems to be the last club to close, usually 2:45am. Two not-so-great things: it can get smoky and there usually is a cold draft on the dance floor.
Very welcoming dance floor that never over-crowded.  Love the decor (love the bloody barbie in the light fixure).  The drinks are cheep and strong and the moving good and the cover usualy isn't more than $5 if there is one.
Awesome place, great music, Friday night is college indie night, that's the best day to go. Thursday night is 5 year flashback, which is pretty nostalgic. Cigarette smoke can get heavy, but the atmosphere and crowd is worth it. If you wanna dance or just chill, this is the place for you.
Great 18+ club  if you are looking to get away from mainstream music. They don't play mash-ups, which is great, however the music is a little repetitive. The upstairs bar over looks the dance floor so if you are looking for friends or just people watching its pretty useful.  Cheap drink specials early in the night. Staff is friendly, unless you are being a complete ass.
I really like the dance floor in the back with the balconies looking over them. It had a really neat atmosphere and would stop by again when I return to Orlando.
The I-Bar shattered my views on the club scene in Orlando as a former Tampa Bay resident that has been living in San Diego for the past three years I never would of pictured any city in Florida hosting such a cool place. Even in SD I have failed to find a Bar that plays great Alt-Rock tunes and features a sweet dance floor. When I first walked in to the I-Bar I'll admit I was underwhelmed sure they had some really cool music playing but all I saw was one bar and a patio. The bar tender was super nice so I didn't mind that it wasn't what I had imagined. It wasn't until natured called that I realized that there were three more bars and a dance floor at this point I was in Heaven. What I only meant to be was a few drinks at the bar turned into me dancing the night away. Whenever I'm ever back in Orlando and I want to kick it at a place that has the friendliest bar tenders I haver ever met and the coolest music I know where I'm going, I-Bar.
If you like to dance the night away at a club that isn't filled with douchebags (and the type of music that accompanies the douchebaggy crowd) then I-bar is for you! At I-bar you can hear some real music, dance like a fool, dress like a freak and nobody will judge you. The rail above is great for people-watching down into the dance floor. Always a good time. The occasional 80's song is in the mix and I love it. Great videos on big screens. My only complaint is it does get kinda crowded in there, I always wished the place was bigger. There used to be a great bartender upstairs named Holly who is always on top of it. I live in CA now and have yet to find a place as cool as I-bar....
This establishment has been around forever. Its always the same, but the crowds are always changing. I always come here when I've exhausted all my other options. I don't stay here too long because I'm already really drunk at this point. The club has three areas, when you first walk in there is a bar straight ahead, or you can walk a couple of steps down to "the cave". That area is usually occupied by people making out in the corner, or Gothic/industrial people. The music is hit or miss, last time I was in there I dont remember what type of music was playing. lol Then you walk up a few steps to the large dance floor area and they have TV screens playing music videos or some other sort of distraction. Around the corner is a higher balcony type area with a bar and overlooks the dance floor. The drinks are a little more expensive than other places, but they have a good pour. If the music bothers you, you can go back downstairs and there is an outdoor patio to stand and people watch.
This review is mainly based on Tuesday nights at I Bar.  I am not a huge fan of clubs in Downtown Orlando (they are a little too ghetto or full of dude-bro's for me), but Tuesdays at I Bar can't be beat.  They play music from Motown to Disco, and it is a BLAST to dance to!  The DJ is great at playing any requests made, and the songs are always upbeat and fun to sing along with. The crowd is great and is full of bad dancing at its finest.  I usually go to BarBQ bar before hand for drinks ($2 wells and domestics on Tuesdays), so I am not sure about the drink specials.  It's definitely not a fancy place... feel free to wear your jorts and tennis shoes.  They have a nice outdoor seating area if you get too sweaty from all the twisting and shouting.  There are 3 or 4 different places to get drinks too, so any one bar doesn't get too crowded.  There is a basement level and upper level if you want to get away from all of the craziness.  The top level has seats that overlook the dance floor, which are always fun to sit and judge people below.  I love the feature of purse hooks on the back wall of the dance floor.  I can still keep an eye on my stuff without having it hinder my insanely great dance moves.  All in all, Tuesday nights at I Bar are a real treat!  Come by and enjoy an evening Downtown that's different from the norm.
Independent Bar, or I-bar for short, is a very popular scene for the indy types of Orlando. I always feel as if I could very well have been transported to the days of Billy Idol and New Wave obsession upon delving in. Its big, one of the biggest establishments downtown. It has multiple bars, levels, and a huge dance floor, all the ingredients to make it a fan favorite which it is. I personally am not in love with the place as most are but I see its appeal. The dance floor is always a thrill and normally allows enough room to move around. They play indy music you won't hear at the mainstream bars of downtown but also have theme nights such as 60s on Tuesdays and 80s on Fridays. Dancers are not shy here and any style is acceptable as long as its attempted with flare. I have been there on most days of the week and its amazing how its never dead, even on random days of the week when downtown O-town more resembles a ghost town. I-bar is definitively alternative, so sorry preppy Abercrombie types, you're going to feel out of place. The drinks are fairly cheap and beer specials are always on the menu. I-bar has a great presence in downtown Orlando and a huge draw. To put it bluntly, it s not going anywhere, so you may as well jump on the bandwagon... just be sure to wear your synthpop t-shirt when going.
back when this was Barbarellas its was always my favorite place to go downtown and still is even though it doesn't have the same crowd as way back when.
fun place to hang out on 80's  night.  but i have to say i'm not that happy with how they redcorated insitde.   they got rid of some of the best places to chill out in there. on the second floor there use to be this extremely comfertable couch that was nice to just sit in and relax with a beer if you don't feel like dancing.  now if i remember right there is a table with stools in its place.  just a few small changes like that.  but aside from that still a great place.  If I still liked puting up with all the B.S. in downtown orlando i would still go there.
Used to go to this place back when I was in college and it's still a cool place. Cheap PBR and nice music selection. The dance floor is always crowded, but plenty of space to wall rider the evening away and converse with a friend.
I came here Saturday night since the last dive bar I visited had closed (rip eye spy). I'm not sure how the place merits 4 stars though. Although tonight was 80s night, I didn't recognize 90% of what they played. Cheap liquor? Check Attentive bartender? Check People watching? Check I don't see anything that merits a 4th star. And that includes the fact that I met a posse of Spaniard boys on the dance floor. It's a dive bar though; what do you expect?
The club itself is alright. Large dance floor, several bars, and a pretty short wait for their gross bathrooms. The DJ's just play off of some playlist that seems to get crappier and crappier as time goes by.  They don't actually care about the crowd or keeping the vibe going. I can't tell you how many times they've played a few good songs and got the dance floor going, then switched to something that nobody wants to hear. The place just clears out. Come on guys. you know no one want's to hear some of that stuff when they're trying to get down. Also, I've had friends try to tip the DJ so they would play a song. Don;t bother, they'll take your cash, but don't expect to hear your song. The indoor smoking here is terrible. I know most bars and club allow it, but there's something special about this place that makes it extra terrible. The place gets absolutely filled with smoke. Your clothes are toast the next morning. My advice it to toss them in the washer as soon as you get home so you don't have to smell that stuff in the morning.  Super gross. With all that said, when they actually play good music and it isn't a smoke-fest in there, it's a fun place. The bad thing is that's very rare.
Worst service I have experienced! The bouncer is rude, and has no consideration for others! My cousin from out of town was lost in bar and was not allowed back In bar to find him... Worst experience ever!
Great place, decent music, and good priced drinks. Have been coming here for a few years now on random weekends and it's always consistent. Crowd here is friendly and the multiple bars makes it easy to get a drink.
I was recently reminded of the reasons why I actively avoid this joint. The doorman doesn't get that my driver's license features a picture of me at the age of 17. He asks for another form of identification, then asks me to sign a paper three times, and then he said none of the signatures matched. Look, if you wanna play FBI handwriting expert, go back to college. Still paid a cover for trashy bathrooms, one of the worst playlists in town, and overpriced drinks. This place will be open forever though, just don't ever ask me to go back please!
Oh... I-Bar. This is my favorite downtown spot. Pretty much because I am not cool, I'm kinda too old for the downtown scene, and I hate pop music. I-Bar is the place for me! We usually go on Saturday night for 80's music. I love to dance (badly). But my husband is a good dancer, so it's OK. On the rare occasion of a Monday holiday I'll go out on a Sunday night, but the last few Sundays I've made it to just weren't as good as they used to be. Fridays were better a few years back. We call this college night, because it's more of the younger crowd, and as I said I'm getting old and it's started getting annoying. Saturday has a better mix of ages. We usually go to the upstairs bar. It seems like it's easier to get service at that one. And if you're lucky you can snag a good seat for people-watching. Music varies on Saturdays... some nights we'll hit a lucky streak of songs we love back-to-back and other nights... not so much. But overall it's a blast. I love it!
Cool themed nights all week. Perfect for groups- space for dancing, and lots of cool alcoves for chatting and sitting. Drinks are about average, but I don't come for the drinks, the atmosphere is more than enough.
Usually a pretty good spot, I love the random selection of music that is different from your average bar like Sky sixty, eye spy, latitudes, and the like. Although it is a very very hipster scene, I will admit that. There is always specials on PBR...it's like a hipster magnet lol. That being said you can definitely enjoy yourself here and dance however you may like, no ones judging or maybe they are...but it's not cool to sit back and watch the dance floor. The only time I've been disappointed by this place was army/S&M night. Came here randomly on a Monday night a few weeks back and needless to say I was just perplexed and confused and wanting to get out of there. Aside from that this is one of my spots, especially when they play Spice girls or Muse!
Gross. I've heard a lot of positive things about this place when I was younger, but it's actually pretty disappointing. Every time I've gone (and on different nights), the crowd is always really old and weird. The music is very dull and unexciting. The venue itself is seriously lacking. I also think it's really funny that one bartender charged me 7 dollars for a Long Island but when I went back to the same bar for another, he tried to charge me a dollar more. Uh, excuse me? You just charged me a dollar less literally less than 20 minutes ago and this new Long Island tastes like straight up lemonade. No thanks. xx MJ
Music is generally pretty good but don't sit at any of the bars because they're infested with roaches.
This bar is off the chain! On tuesday nights they have a great dance party called grits and gravy.  They play music from the 1970s and everyone is just there to dance and have a great time.  The Whisky and PBR specials are enough to make any girl happy.  The cute bartender with the blue hair was super fun and willing to make all sorts of drinks for us to try and have fun with.  I can't wait to return!
The blood boils after winning enough drag races against the ice giving itself to the well drinks, cup crushed against forehead as ironic virility; what father somewhere told a child that the destruction of temporary bar ware is a proper opening gambit in a mating ritual? There is an interpretation of dancing, rhythm fleeing away from the flop sweat, sheltered in the smoke. You will choke on all the varieties of nostalgia (names, hands, last year); avoid every tomorrow as it chases you through the narrowing halls.
So, to start I am a pretty straight laced, late 20's professional that wears suits to work and has no tattoos(yet) and this is by far my favorite place to listen to great music and simply dance the night away! I am a huge indie fan and this is the only place that you can consistently hear great tunes. Not a huge fan of their 80's night (due to being born in 85), but that is simple preference and has nothing to do with the bar itself. Overall, I love this place and the people I work with are amazed that I do...but they have clearly never expereinced the lights, music and alcohol flowing through your body similtaneously as you dance your little heart out on the old wooden dance floor beneath all the tv's. If you are looking for a simple fun place with good tunes, good drinks and a chill vibe...check this place out one night.
First visit to a club/bar in Orlando.  Being a househead from Chicago, I wasn't sure what to expect.  I was just going to meet a friend who lived in the area that I hadn't seen in many years. $2.50 PBR tall boys...right off the bat, the place is seeming okay. we got there pretty early I suppose, around 10:30p. At that point it wasn't very crowded which was good because we were able to snag a couch spot next to the dance floor.   the place filled up pretty quick and i would agree with other reviewers that many people seem to go there to actually dance. it's nice to know there are places that people go to do that instead of being "too cool" to get loose.  peeps were just getting funky to whatever the guy was playing.  refreshing.  music wasn't really my cup of tea but i didn't care as i was there to catch up with my old friend.  people were having fun and that is always cool. the indoor smoking can be a problem.  shit, i smoke but i woke up the next day and all my clothes were STANKY.  even my socks smelled like an ashtray.  that's gross.  in chicago you have to go outside to smoke and i have to say that i actually like that law.  22 year old kids chain smoking can literally make your shit stink. all in all, it was fun. bartender was cool and didn't skimp on the drinks we decided to get after a few PBR's. good times. i gave it 3 stars instead of 4 because it wasn't anything special.  just a regular bar that happened to have a pretty big dancefloor.
I have been coming to this bar for the last six years and it is absolutely the funnest dance floor in Orlando!  The main dance floor is surrounded by tons of tv screens all playing music videos to whatever song is playing.  Such a fun atmosphere!   The crowd here changes vastly depending on what night you go.  My favorite night is Saturday for new wave 80s music.  Friday nights are fun too but tends to have a much younger crowd than Saturday nights.  There is usually no cover if you get there early and if there is a cover when you go it is around five bucks or less. The drinks are strong and inexpensive.  There is a bar near the entrance when you walk in and an outdoor patio area which is great for people watching.  And people watching on weekend nights are the best!  I have seen so many crazy things happening on Orange Ave which makes for great conversation and entertainment!   Aside from the bar by the front, there are two other bars on the first floor and there is a bar on the second floor that has a balcony where you can check out the dancing crowd below.  This place gets pretty smokey unfortunately for my preference.  I always have a fun time shaking my badonkadonk on the dance floor with great friends!
Love love love this bar! Best mashup of 80s, indie and alternative! Whenever I visit Orlando I MUST stop at iBar. But check the site to see what's happening for the night. A few times I've made the mistake of walking in on a themed music night and going "errr?!" - oh but I still stuck around! For the drinks? I totally stuck around...
If you don't mind your clothes/skin smelling like smoke for the following 2 days even after taking showers and washing your clothes then this is the place for you. Bartender "phil" in the back main bar has a God complex he needs to get rid of, i guess he thinks just because hes worked there for a 122 years that he can give people attitude.  Never been nothing but nice, tipped well and still get attitude.  I avoid this spot these days, it was fun 10 years ago but now there are to many other places to go that offer a better experience.
Good place.
I-Bar makes me get all excited.   Seriously.   It's always where I end up, because my friends would rather go to other places, so they have to be nice and drunk when I get them here.  To me, I would rather spend all night here than go anywhere else.  Why, you ask?  I love the music here.  It's stuff you can't find at most of the other places downtown.  I love the people here, they're not dressed in sparkles, unless the sparkles are a collar with spikes (on Wednesdays at least :)). It's laid back and you can dance however you want, be silly or serious, and no one cares because they're doing the same thing. If you're looking for awesome 80's (like the Smiths, DM, Front242, etc), this is SO your place.  They also have great Indie nights (who doesn't like to hear Modest Mouse every once in a while in a club...).  It has something for everyone and you're bound to have a great time here!
I don't even know where to begin with this review. Seriously. I've pondered over it since my astonishing visit to this Orange Ave. dive. I love dark, wooden, old school joints like this one. It has little bars tucked away upstairs and down - almost like little cubby holes. Charming. And they had a Christmas tree decorated with PBR cans. Be still my heart! But the crowd. Oh the crowd. I've never seen anything like what we encountered here. And that's saying something, given my bar-hopping history. Strolling this establishment, drinks in hand, were goths, yuppies, college kids, middle aged couples, cougars and every other sort of human being you can possible imagine. There was a bartender decked out in the confederate flag - side by side with a straight up hipster. I've never seen such a mixed group. The music was Depeche Mode, and on their rather spacious dance floor were at least five men, in what appeared to be an impromptu dance off. They were of all shapes and sizes - one dude in a golf shirt and baseball cap, one old school rocker in tight leather pants and jewelry, one early 90s throwback with frizzy hair and a coat ala Jay and Silent Bob, one goth dude with heavy lipstick and crazy piercings ... Together - they created the most fascinating dance crew we'd ever seen. All in their own separate bubbles, they grooved to the beat. Some just swaying and moving back and forth, some gyrating wildly, some hitting the floor and kicking like the Rockettes. We were enthralled. We stood watching for at least 45 minutes, and SO regretted not taking video. Who was the winner? Hard to say, but the rocker dude was getting seriously acrobatic with his on-the-floor moves and high kicks.   Anyway, this place is worth a visit, if only for the entertainment.
With all due respect to Mickey, this place is all about Danger Mouse (dangermousesite.com). This might be the only escape from the insanity that becomes Orlando nightlife on a Friday. You can almost avoid the popped collars and striped shirts, and you certainly won't hear Dave Matthews or Justin Bieber playing on the (excellent) sound system Our group took refuge here, and the rockin' bartenders kept us liquified on shots and Pabst just like real indie cool kids. The music here is a mixture of what is generally defined as independent, so that means a little Depeche Mode here, some David Bowie there, and some MGMT to ensure that there'll be double parking on the dance floor. The music changes up per night, so I kind regret missing Tuesday, which is Grits & Gravy, old soul and rock 'n roll, so imagine dancing to Mick Jagger and Aretha back to back.
Oh I-Bar, how I adore your blacked out interiors that hold secret treasures of yesteryear. Something like that, anyway. Just one disclaimer -- I generally only go on Indie or 80's nights which are pretty packed, so I have no idea how it is on the less crowded evenings when they're playing different music for a different crowd. That being said, here's some immutable facts: IBar is big. It won't seem that way when you first arrive.  It is also twisty and windy at some points, which makes for fun adventure. As mentioned prior, there's a little bar out front, then two doors that lead back to the dance floor. Unfortunately, the little hidey-hole dance floor for goth music got kind of destroyed by another bar, which makes my little black heart sad as all my spooky kid friends have nowhere to gesticulate wildly with unbridled emo passion any longer. They apparently just threw up some TVs that play dorky stuff all night long. Drinks are strong. I like that they are strong when I drink them. I regret that they are strong when I wake up the next morning. This is a good thing, no matter what my headaches tell me afterward. The main dance floor is nice and well-ventilated (nothing is sadder than a sweaty dance floor) and you can head up to people watch or just get away from the craziness a little bit. The music is always good when I've gone, and the crowd generally matches -- I've never seen a popped collar there, except maybe once, and I'm pretty sure it was being done ironically. Overall, go there if you wanna have a crazy dance party with friends. It never disappoints.
Breathe a sigh of relief, Tampa inhabitants. A kinder, gentler version of The Castle exists! In Orlando. Come on, don't be a pussy. It's only a couple of hours away, and it's so worth it. From the outside, it's incredibly deceptive. It looks like a bar and nothing more. The sheer genius lies in the fact that there are two fairly discreet doors on either side of the long bar which take you to a huge dance floor. In between bar and dance floor, there is a weird little enclave for SRS GAWTHS. Smart architecture, if you ask me. I'd like to hide those weirdos from folks walking by on the street as well. Huge video screens, a nice bar staff, and an amazingly friendly crowd are in the main room. And if you're not too totally wasted to walk, you can mount the spiral staircase and go upstairs. And, come on....80s night. As a true 80s aficionado, I have to admit that I was dubious. The only other worthy 80s night that I have found exists 3,000 miles away in the heart of San Francisco. Surely some club in Orlando wouldn't be up to par. Um, my bad. I was wrong. The 80s music was perfect and the sound system here is good. I cannot stress enough, though....do NOT go to the bar in the front, which is the first bar you see from the street. The bartender was nice, but there were so many drunk idiots ordering jagerbombs that momma couldn't get properly snockered. Go to the bar in the back, where they're more adequately staffed. Then try to walk up the spiral staircase, because that would just be pretty funny.
This is definitely one of the best spots in downtown Orlando. It has a chill alternative vibe, drinks are cheap, and everyone is having fun. Lots of space too with different rooms. Highly recommended.
Eccentric is the word I would use to describe Independent Bar. Awesome is the word I would use to describe my experience there. A club like this is really hard to come by. It is probably the only one I have encountered that does everything right. First, they play really good alternative/indie music. If you are into indie music, you will love it here. Period. If you are into pop and rap, you probably won't have a good time here. The venue is roomy and neat. There is a huge dance floor downstairs and plenty of other places to chill when you get tired. The crowd? Super chill and friendly. Most are genuinely interested in the music and dancing. Ladies, you will have a lovely time here without having to fence of waves of guys trying to hit on you.
Went here after getting kicked out of vain, now this is a really good place! I highly suggest it
I'm excited- more than wooo-ooords, that after my 3-year absence from Florida, Thursday Indie Nights came back with me! It's true, you can't find it anywhere else. Whatever niche you have, they have a special night for it. I do the indie nights, drink, dance my brain off, and come out feeling like a better person once the hangover subsides. Sometimes you have to kick me out because of my sudden lack of balance, but I know you'll always take me back next Thursday. Thank you IBAR. You're a true friend. You don't judge. They should have one of these everywhere, but I've been around the country, and they definitely don't.
Love the Necropolis night on Wednesdays! If you happen to like dark dance music, this is for you!   Music every Wednesday night includes electro, synthpop, ebm, aggrotech, industrial and noise.  It's like a goth night, but the music is a little heavier and more dance orientated. The drink specials are nice too.  With a 5 dollar admission, you get $2 calls and imports. I suggest you go and check this out, even if it's not your thing, you might like it and decide it is your thing. Edit: The Necropolis wednesdays have ended :( They will be doing monthly events starting soon, but they will be on sunday nights.
Independent Bar used to be called Barbarellas for many years and among the people i know who have lived here for many years we still call it that which can cause some confusion among newer folks. It's a fun place, drinks are not too expensive, music is good for dancing especially on sunday nights.
