Typical neighborhood hole in the wall pub with fun trivia and live music. Great beer prices and service was faster than expected. Because it's 21 and up people smoke there. It's a little gross because you leave smelling like an ashtray.
Great bar with a great beer selection, they also have trivia nights and darts which are both great fun. When you become a regular make sure to ask about the 100 beer challenge
This place is a cool little neighborhood bar. Good selection of beer & limited bar food menu for those late night munchies. Good entertainment on the weekends. They're serious about their darts, probably 8 different dart playing areas. They have tournaments too. It's not cheap so don't expect those neighborhood dive bar prices like Wallys or Hideaway.
Stopped in after a movie at the Enzian.  I've been driving past this place for years going to and from work but never had stopped in.  It feels like a really funky neighborhood place with a really diverse crowd.  There was  a guy dressed only in very short wrestlers shorts and shiny WWE boots.  I don't know why but somehow it added to the atmosphere.  They have a huge beer menu and serve a rather mixed menu...all kinds of different stuff.  The menu has some British themed items alongside the standard bar fare.  We went for some deep fried bacon with our beers.  Yes I said deep fried bacon.  Trust me it's very, very good.  We didn't stay long as a band was setting up and I get enough live music at work as it is. I'd give the place four stars but the bartender was unpleasant.  A tall skinny young man with a look on his face that said he'd rather be in the dentists chair than behind the bar.  It wasn't that busy so I don't know what his problem was.  I'm in the biz and there's no excuse to be sullen and uninterested when you're behind the bar.  Hopefully it was a fluke, if not then management should eject the dead wood.
One of my favorite pubs to catch a good performance (every Friday/Saturday) and try one of the hundreds of beers they carry.  Although they don't serve liquor, I doubt you'll complain after you see the beer/wine selection. The bartenders here are some of the friendliest in town and this pub has a good group of local regulars from all walks of life. Lots of seating areas and a good selection of food on the menu.  They've recently added some vegetarian selections to the menu.
i really wanted to like this place, but sadly it's just a lame attempt at being something that it isn't.  there are so many other places in town doing in so many ways better than what the copper rocket is attempting to achieve. I honestly think the only reason this place is still in business is that it has been in the same location for so long already . If it were a new establishment it would be out of business already. Basically they offer what everyone else in town already has accept that their staff as 0 personality, Seriously ZERO.  After a handful of attempts of engaging the so called bartender in conversation we cashed out.   I mean this was a Saturday night, aren't you supposed to have your A team on the floor???  Mr Owner if you  are listening... you need to recheck your hiring policies. Future Copper Rocket customer...  Save yourself the time and go somewhere else and spend your money ...Will's Pub, Orlando Brewing, The Peacock Room, McRaney's, Spatz, hell just about anywhere else,  you'll feel a whole lot better about it .  Go down to the last paragraph of Thomas D.s review a couple spots down, read his take on the ridiculously rude bartender, and you get the idea.
Since the rocket of copper is said to be "new and improved", a group of my coworkers and friends decided to swing by for trivia on a Wednesday night to check it out. The Good: + They installed smoke eaters.. and they work! Hooray for no more layer of disgusting smoke on everything! + They improved the decor. The beer taps on the wall are a nice touch. + They still honor the infamous beer list, so fret not! + Same great beer selection! The "Meh": - It's official. The best grilled cheese I have ever tasted will never be made in this kitchen again. But... hey! they remembered to grill the sandwich this time! R.I.P. "mature grilled cheese". :'(
Emphatically referred to by no one else but me as, "The Cop Rock," the Copper Rocket is your typical dive bar located on the outskirts of Eatonville, where the regulars show up by four and stay still blitzed. It's a fun place to go, primarily during the week because the drink specials are phenomenal, and there are usually interesting events to be had, such as trivia nights, pool tournaments, and darts. As a music venue, the Cop Rock hosts a handful of promising local acts, and the occasional impromptu jam session where patrons are known to bust out on the stage and perform a riff. As I understand, the Copper Rocket is under new management, and they are looking to expand into the adjacent shops, and provide some much needed enhancements, so I look forward to where this place goes.
I guess I should have gone to the Copper Rocket for "night life", because the food sure wasn't worth it. They hold up a sign that says "Best Burger in Town". Whatever. They must not have tried Five Guys. The burger was a small patty, looked as if it was from Sysco (your normal school cafeteria food). The fries were dripping with grease and I got a corn dog- big mistake! They deep fried it and basically scalded it- including the weenie. Yea, not so much. Haven't been back! Sorry!
Maitland-area bar with a large beer selection, pool tables, a stage and a flim-flam staff. They have live music on the weekends, and the stage is right near the door when you walk in. This is a bit awkward, insofar as people get an earful the moment they step foot into the place. One good thing about this setup though, is that if you're watching the band, then you can see everyone coming in with ease (helpful if you're expecting friends, or curious about who is making an entrance.) I don't go here too often since it's across town. But even if I did live near it, I wouldn't go very often. I don't find the staff too cool, and the seating is either barstools, a couple hightop tables or these uncomfortable wooden booths. To me, it's just a place to go if a band you like will be there.
Long ago, Copper Rocket was my neighborhood bar.  Today it is still  that kind of bar, but attracts a larger crowd on weekends with the live bands.  It's a good place to go to drink, listen to local music and play pool when you want to escape downtown.   If you don't live nearby, or have a friend's place you can crash in WP, you'll want to arrange travel back home, because this is not a place where you can easily stay sober.  The beer selection is very large and impressive, the juke box (when there isn't a band playing) is still good, though not as good as it useta be.
The Copper Rocket has one of the best beer selections in town. I think they offer more than 200 beers on their menu, a lot of them are also on tap. The place has decent food and has an interesting clientele. On the weekends they have live perfomances which in my opinion keep you from having any conversation with friends. I personally prefer going there on the weekdays.
I like Copper Rocket a lot.  It's a welcome change from the cheesy corporate entertainment spots around Oralndo.  They have some beers you'll actually enjoy (like Rochefort 8), and the jukebox has some great selections. Cheers to you, dudes, you make my trips to Orlando just tolerable enough so I don't feel like killing myself.
A smokey dive bar with character, the Copper Rocket Pub was one of the first bars I went to after I moved to Orlando in January 2009.  I entered to a dimly lit room of people playing pool, conversing, and watching the game on TV.  The perfect amount of people; just enough to seem busy but not so many that my companion and I couldn't saddle up to the bar.  The clientele represented all age groups, shapes, and sizes.  If not the friendliest, the pierced and tattooed staff was at least efficient.  Interesting decor, a jukebox, and plentiful conversations lent to the type of atmosphere I would expect from a dive.   But was this a dive in sheep's clothing?  It seemed upon further inspection that they focused on interesting craft style beers and ales!  From the outside, I would have expected a selection of Miller or Bud, not Lambic or Trappist.  The beer selection was great, and as a bonus, the specials were out of this world.   One peculiar food special got my attention, proclaiming "Free Wings" during a specified time.  Now, I love wings.  I will eat them all day long, especially during football season.  For some reason however, the concept of "Free Wings" just doesn't sound appetizing to me.  It conjures up visions of large industrial buckets filled with chicken parts and hot sauce.  I just can't get into it.   Overall the Copper Rocket is a nice place to go for a beer and some interesting conversation.  My main problem with it was the lack of liquor.  I love beer, don't get me wrong, but sometimes a man wants a cocktail or a shot, especially when his team is winning and he's diving head first into a vat of free wings.
This pub is an old favorite of mine.  Been going for YEARS.  Very low key and relaxing.  Huge beer list, with lots of interesting stuff to try.  They also have pool, darts, trivia, local music, a really great juke box, and even some boardgames!  My friends and I used to play Scattergories ALL THE TIME here. I miss the large table that used to be back in the corner by the restrooms...that was always the spot me and my group would gravitate towards.  There seems to be less tables & seating than they had years ago, especially for larger groups.  But it's still a great place to go if you want a casual, laid-back night on the town without the hassle of downtown.
I really wanted to like Copper Rocket more than I did.  The positives: there are a lot of fun activities (e.g. darts, karaoke, live music, trivia); the prices are good; there is plenty of parking; and it's a very laid back, welcoming environment.  The negatives: the food and service are really mediocre; the layout does not accommodate the size of the crowd; and it is so smokey that you can barely breathe. All in all, I give it a 3 Star because of the fun atmosphere and because some people may not mind how smokey and cramped the Copper Rocket is. I probably won't return though.
Rankest air on earth due to years of unbridled smoking and low ceilings.  IF you go here prepare to throw out your clothes and shower for more than an hour.  They have some good imported beers but they all smell like smoke. The five or six regulars are chain smokers.   News flash, Red Light Red Light is packed every night and they don't serve beer or have pool or darts.  Why?  Because you can breath.  Place would have potential if they ever figured out that smokers are pariahs.  AVOID like the plaque.
I do appriate the wide selection of beers this place offers  as well as the free pool but have nearly stopped going there all together due to the decline in customer service. The British woman is quite possibly the worst bartender I have ever had. I waited nearly 10 minutes for my first beer while she chatted it up to some people sitting about 4 seats down (keep in mind the bar had maybe 10 people at it? Very slow night). It wasn't until the nice redheaded gentleman from the kitchen came out with some food did I get a beer. In fact he got another round for nearly everyone at the bar. The funny part is that this fellow use to bartend there and the service was always exceptional. Someone needs to put that lady on the kitchen and the bartenders where they belong.
Yeah, this place is a dive...just the way I like it.  Free pool, friendly staff and it was in walking distance to my old apartment.  Beer and wine only.
As far as local dives go, I liked this place.  As a non-smoker I appreciate that the owners installed smoke filters.  The menu is decent for a "smoking permitted" bar though I haven't tried any food yet.  There is only beer and the selection is not as broad as some other places.  I most appreciated the well lit outdoor seating and service outside.  Good customer service at a bar on a Friday night is a full star by my measure!
This is my favorite dive!  The staff is friendly, the beer (for the most part) is cheap and their menu contains more than a few hidden gems (order home fries instead of the regular...).  Come on out Wednesday nights for Trivia Madness, hosted by the legendary ManDaddy of Gargamel fame.  It's free to play, the questions are one of the better challenges in town and you get the chance to win a $10-$20 bar tab.  Friday and Saturday nights feature local acts for a reasonable $5 cover.  One recommendation when visiting:  Don't wear clothes you can't air out over the next couple days.  It gets very smokey in there.
Cold beer! And lots of it! Fun little  dive bar. Definietly will return.
As far as I'm concerned, Copper Rocket is the ultimate dive bar. I can't believe I have never written them a review. Now, I moved to CA a couple years back and I sure miss this place. Great place to shoot some pool with a very "diverse" crowd. Gotta love the regulars that line the bar at all hours. I was there when they had the old school jukebox and it sucked when they replaced it for the money-hoarding fancy one, I have to say. Oh well. Copper Rocket I look forward to seeing you again some day!!!
My favorite little hole in the wall bar.  I don't feel overwhelmed by people here like I do at larger places. Friendly staff and a good beer selection. Like the live music some nights, too.
