Ambiance and outdoor patio were irie mon!....... I actually walked around the other rooms of the restaurant looking at the various historic photos and it looks like there's not a bad seat in the house. My Mom does HANDS DOWN the best oxtail on this planet (Dominican style). Really, She does! I must say these are pretty good and very tender. The one  complaint is the amount of grease they leave attached to the meat is really undesirable. But just scrape it off and set is aside. The jerk wings and jerk chicken were delish! Our server was very friendly and funny. I will definitely be back to catch the live band that starts at 9pm. I will ask to be seated on the second level overlooking the patio next time, it looked nice and chill.
Love the food!! It's a lot so you can share it!! I had so much leftover and so did my boyfriend who eats A LOT lol The jerk chicken is the best!!
Fun place to hang out in a great location. However, it is overpriced for the quality of food and drinks that you get. Appeals more to tourists than for local crowds. The bob Marley music and videos played on the tv'a are entertaining.
I did not eat here, but the live band was amazing! I am a big reggae fan and loved the mix of DJ and live music. Definitely worth the 7 dollar coverage charge. Bar upstairs serves stiff drinks and are reasonably priced. Definitely a must while at Citywalk!
The food was horrible. Worst ox tail I've ever had. Don't order the curry shrimp bc the meal is so small. Order sides bc portions are  small. Gwen our waitress was awesome! She was the only highlight. Everything else was blah. Stay away from the cocobread and yucca fries
Horrible! Don't do it. Bad fondue! Bad veggie pasties! Nothing quality!! Yuck! This was not even worth the location being by Universal. Run the other way!!
Horrible sevice. Never got a chance to eat or drink. Waited 30 mins for someone take our order......we left.
My favorite restaurant in Orlando, I don't care how far my hotel or resort is from this restaurant, I always find a way to dine here at least once during my trips to Orlando, FL. It's not like the mom and pop Caribbean restaurants in some neighborhoods but the food here is pretty good. At a certain time there is a live band that unfortunately I always miss because I travel with my toddler. I highly recommend the One Love, Curry Chicken and Beef Patties. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that I will be able to try the Oxtails during my next trip.
Bob Marleys is suppose to be a replica of where he was raised in Jamaica, it's beautiful. You walk inside and you are automatically in Jamaica,  right outside of whats suppose to be his house. You have an open view of the stars above you as you dance the night away to some reggae, soca, and calypso beats. This is a restaurant turned club at night so it does get packed at around 11. There is an upstairs bar where the drinks are cheaper and you can sit down or catch a view of city walk, but shhh dont tell anyone that the drinks are cheaper upstairs or else that bar will be chaos lol.  I always like to be infront of the band and stay there. You can dress up of come in shorts and flip flops there is no real dress code here. There are 2 lions infront of the band and when I am there I usually claim the one on the left I call him king lol. I end up taking my shoes off and placing them under him (I have no shame). So if you are looking for a good time in a tourist area you will love it here. Have fun!
Amazing selection of island drinks and everyone should try the Oxtail. The menu is very traditional with the likes of Jerk Chicken and various curry based dishes. This is one of the premier restaurant at City Walk and it is a great experience. I really enjoyed the live music.
The place and decoration were outstanding, live music was very good and food was good until I found a hair in my food... I knew it wasn't mine because I don't have light brown long hair... I stopped eating immediately and told the waitress. She asked if I wanted anything else and I was pretty disgusted by then so I said no. I had to pay my full meal even though I only took three bites and found a hair on it... I wish it wasn't there because I was liking the food a lot...
Nice place to listen and dance to Reggae music. They have a band that plays some great tunes. The downside to this place is it is all out side, in a walled in area. it can be very muggy in the warmer months.
When my party of seven got to our table it was dirty, the floor was dirty even some of the chairs were not clean. We then ordered our food I had gotten the grilled mahi mahi. When it had arrived it looked like it was blacken and had no grill marks. The fish was very very VERY dry and had no seasoning at all. Im a cook and I know when food has been cooked in a broiler (salamander). My green beans were also very cold the only good thing on the plate was the mash potatoes. I give it 2 stars because im being nice and the ox tail that my boyfriend had gotten was the only good thing that I had tasted. Definitely wont be coming back anytime soon or ever
Bob Marley isn't the type of restaurant you go to for authentic, tasty, Caribbean food, but you go more for atmosphere. Although the food is tasty, it is very Americanized and not the true island taste. However, the live music and delicious cocktail selection make stopping by here a must when you visit Citywalk. It is very laid back, and it should be noted that when the live bands play the noise level does get uncomfortably loud. Overall a good experience though!
We went here the first night we arrived in Universal. I wanted to throw on a skirt and hit the City Walk. It was just the vibe I wanted; cool and laid back. We had some fried plantains and a few drinks. They have an atrium for the dance floor, as in there is no ceiling. It's really cool. The music was good, the staff was friendly and the bathrooms were clean. Really nice place to unwind after a flight!
This place was LIVEEE. they had an awesome atmosphere. Two bars. Upstairs had a great view of the live music. Pretty cool and there was an open ceiling so u can see the stars. Loved it.
In Orlando for vacation and wanted to spend my Saturday night at a fun place to eat. I narrowed down to this restaurant and their next door neighbor Pat O'Brians. I chose to eat here because I wanted to hear a nice live band rather than someone playing piano at the other place. Upon arrival, the host(s) seemed a bit flustered and disorganized which made me second guess eating here, but I went on.. We were seated at the closest table to the door, which I had no problem with but we didn't get a good view of the band which we would've enjoyed so much better. Our waitress arrived and too seemed flustered and not so considerate. She was rushing everything from the moment she approached us.. but I know it was busy so I didn't want to complain. I ordered the Chicken Sandwich... which didn't arrive with the rest of my food because our server forgot my order. But the other kind server who brought our food to the table rushed to get me my food. However, the sandwich itself was absolutely delicious! It was very good food. Everyone whom I was with had delicious food, and if you're here for the band, the wait time isn't bad at all. Wish I could give a better review but the service itself was not up to par, especially since it is a restaurant based on BOB MARLEY himself... the happiest man ever. But all the workers didn't seem so happy. It didn't match up with the very good mood I was in upon arrival.
Came for Dinner and then stayed to explore the Universal City Walk area. You will need to pay for parking like you were going to the park. Place was busy (4:30pm) but not swamped - laid back atmosphere - open air and had a perfect breeze coming in. Seemed like there was only one server so getting our order and drinks was delayed. Once the order went in, then it was quick to get our food. Jerk wings were awesome!! You get a good portion and you get a delicious cucumber dip for them. Wife got the Curried Shrimp and I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken that was very juicy. Wife enjoyed the shrimp which came with rice and sautéed vegetables in a mild curry sauce.  Yucca fries were very good and similar to potato wedges. Kids had the macaroni and cheese - Nothing special there. Prices weren't bad either - as long as you don't factor in parking.
We are so glad we made the decision to eat here. The food was excellent (I had the Veggie patties). The recipes are all authentic and you can taste the care to tradition.  Highly recommend for dinner on the CityWalk.
I really enjoy the vibe at Bob Marley- A Tribute to Freedom. How can you not love sitting back with a couple of island drinks listening to timeless reggae tunes? We first came upon this place when we were looking for something different for drinks & dinner.  I had walk past this restaurant a number of times, but I had no idea how charming it was once you got past the hostess stand out front.  As we were being seated we were told how the restaurant is a replica of the Marley home.   I loved getting a table out on the courtyard. The setting is inviting.  It's not very large, but I've been told that when the bands come on later in the night they clear the tables and make room for 400 guests! My husband and I both ordered the Rasta Mon Curry Shrimp for dinner.  The smells and taste transport you to Jamaica. Top it off with a $4 Carib Lager and you're set. We enjoyed our visit, so much that the next time we came to Universal we wanted to make sure we stopped by for happy hour.  They offer food and drink specials in the bar area every day from 5pm-7pm. My husband got a $3 Sam Adams Seasonal while I enjoyed a tasty tropical Jamaican Beach Cocktail for just $5. They also have a few $5 appetizers during happy hour as well. During both visits we had fantastic service. I enjoy going in the early evening.  The setting is lovely with the music playing in the background and the sun starting to set.   It's a nice hideaway from the crowds at the parks.  Enjoy some tasty food, sit back with a drink and know that everything will "feel alright".
I've been a Florida resident for over 10 years and I've never been to "The Bob Marley" as it's so affectionately called.  I went last Saturday for the first time and was surprised to see that I'd been missing a good amount.  In fact, this place has two faces.  By evening this place is a cozy restaurant with friendly waitresses and tasty/okay food.  I say okay because the food isn't completely authentic.  I ordered the Jamaican Beef Patties which were delicious and emboldened by select spices.  The look and flavor however were not similar to the Jamaican beef patties (Spicy or Not) I grew up eating (Can be found at Golden Krust off Colonial or Caribbean Supermarkets).  The food was good none the less, and it all was washed down well with a red stripe beer. By night the tables and chairs give way to an open dance floor and live reggae music.  The band is excellent and you can tell the singers put a lot of energy into the songs.  If I recall correctly Heineken is $3 and both the upstairs and downstairs bar are more than happy to take care of you.  On a beautiful evening the balcony upstairs has a great view of the mini courtyard.  The place really fills up after midnight and it becomes a full on club. This place gets a solid four stars for being truly entertaining and having good food.
Love the ambiance! Love the live band! Love the venue! Love the concept! Like the food! Although there was a 45 minute wait to be seated, my boyfriend and  I were sooo drawn into the ambiance of the live band, the colors, the people dancing that we didn't realize the wait! We sat down adjacent to the band and were delighted to be sooo close to the band serenading us with "No Woman No Cry:... We started off with the Jamaican jerk wings as an appetizer. Initial taste was delicious... 2 or 3 wings down the line, it became incredibly salty... like really salty. We ordered our entrees: My bf had the jerk chicken and yucca fries, I ordered the chicken salad. The jerk chicken was also too salty for our palettes. The chicken salad was made in a pate style of the jerk chicken with mayo and seasoning. It was okay, not exciting, not memorable... just okay. The coco bread was absolutely delicious though! Probably the best I've tasted. Would definitely come back for dancing and enjoying the live band, not for the food.
they accomodated our party of 19 and seated us upstairs (their last dinner reservation is at 7pm). all the food was great, but i'd have to say my favorite part of the meal was the jamaican freeze i got. SO GOOD. icy, sweet, 3 flavors (pina colada, strawberry daiquiri, madori), and just enough of a kick. :) i'd also recommend the coco bread! so soft and delicious. :) and the yuca fries!!! a lot of the people in our party got the jerk chicken. the lamb was also good, as were the mango wings. :) each entree comfortably feeds one person. the atmosphere is very chill. i wish it wasn't completely outdoors, only because the night we were there it got pretty cold. other than that, the live music created a nice ambience and our server was seriously awesome. :) also love how they give you separate checks!
The story you are about to read is true... This is Universal City Walk. My name is Scott. I carry a Premier Annual Pass. Thursday, 6:48pm. My company is hosting a get together at Marley's which means the drinks and food are free to me. It's raining tonight, so the open courtyard is soaked and empty. We have the second floor reserved, which has a private bar and our own drink slinger on staff. Now, this is not my first time at Marley's. I love the vibe and music. The food on the other hand is extremely greasy and always seems to revisit at 2:00am. Also, each time I've been here, I've ended up four or five bites into some spicy greasy food when I run out of beer. Service seems slow, and inattentive at times. Perhaps your experience will be better.
This is probably one of 2 places in City Walk that I'd return to and of those 2 it's my #1 for food and entertainment. It's built as a replica of his home, the seating is under a food with a open air courtyard. Food: typical Jamaican food; curries, stewed this or that, peas and rice. Nice sized portions, reasonaable price and probably the best "tourist" food I've ever had. I recommend the ox tail if you're open to that :) Ambiance: AWESOME! We've been by maybe 4+ times with our out of town guests every time they've had a blast. They place great music, modern and old school reggae and soca, they have a live band and the place is always packed.  They offer private tables after 10 upstairs if you buy a bottle, which when you're hot from dancing are a nice addition to the night.  Band is great, foods good, people are nice and chill...great place, even better vibe!
Um...hollow out those stars and put a minus sign next to it.  This place sucked.  I UNFORTUNATELY recommended this place to a group of friends for dinner to catch up at.  Pitiful move on my part.  I cannot believe we waited for a table here.  All I can say is thank god they had paper cups and not glass, because I would've cut myself for the sheer disappointment and disgust.   Food was mediocre and the music volume was deafening.  Not only that, I had to prevent my fiance from turning the table over from the less than attentive service. Mr. Bob Marley...you would turn in ur grave if you had any idea about this place. A sad sad night in Orlando. Once again, I'm sorry Whitney for a horrible night out.
Our original idea was to go to Jimmy Buffets, but the wait was around an hour. So, we trekked up the escalator and saw this place, with no wait. Yay! Once inside though, we found out why. We didn't realize the place wasn't enclosed on the inside and we just happened to be vacationing the first week of January. Apparently they had some of their coldest temperatures while we were there and lucky for us, it warmed up when we left. Thank you Orlando weather. Not. Well, needless to say, we froze to death. I ate my meal while shivering with a scarf on. But, it isn't the establishment's fault, thus I am not taking off a lot of stars. I loved the atmosphere and the bar tender was great. They had about ten different flavors of Pinnacle vodka! (I tried to do a less than 3 symbol here, but couldn't. darn yelp). Blue Moon was $4 draft. I ordered the Mango Wings. The waitress told me they would be spicy, but they were not. Or I was just too cold to notice. Nonetheless, I enjoyed them and the rice and beans. It came with a delicious mango sauce on the side. A friend of mine ordered the Catch a Fire Chicken Sandwich with a cucumber spread on Ciabatta bread. Yummy!!! The yucca fries were also a surprisingly delicious side. I've never had them before, but they tasted very similar to potato fries. Prices were reasonable, especially being in a high tourist area. I can only imagine how this place gets when it's during their peak season. R.I.P. Bob Marley!
I went back to Bob Marley last spring and I cannot tell you the difference between the two visits. This time, the restaurant was crowded, but the staff was friendly and the food fresh. It was a 100% change from my first visit. I would happily go back any time.
This place was a cozy shelter after being down-poured leaving Universal Orlando (in August). The staff were welcoming and sat us quickly, which we were grateful for due to the weather. A friend recommended this place especially for the band. Unfortunately, since electricity and water obviously do not mix, we were not able to hear them. The band made an effort to come out when the rain subsided....until a loud boom followed by lightning deterred them. "A" for effort though! Although the band was not able to play, reggae music was still jammin' inside! I had to stop singing along in order to eat my food. We started off our meal with a Taste of Jamaica. The yucca fries tasted okay, nothing out of the ordinary. The veggie and beef patties (like empanada) were a bit dry. The mango wings were very good and made up for the rest of the platter. The Manchester Lamb was flavorful. Our favorite dish was the Oxtail Stew. The meat fell off of the bones, and it was very rich in flavor and spices. For dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Jamaican Sensation. We ordered this due to the "guava puree" although you couldn't really taste the guava. If you're a chocolate lover with a very sweet tooth, then this dessert is for you. I was looking more for the exotic flavor of guava. There were a few drinks that we ordered that I cannot recall the names of.--They were strong and delicious! It amped up the music that much more! I would probably have given this place 4 stars if the band was able to play. If I lived in the area, I'd definitely go back to enjoy the food and atmosphere.
Our experience here was strange at first.  We came up to the hostess who asked if we had a reservation.  We did not and she said it would be a 15-20 minute wait and directed us to sit in the bar.  The bar was full but there were empty tables and chairs in the bar area. So we figured there was more to the restaurant and this was also part of the bar.  I sat down while my boyfriend ordered some drinks and a server came over and said that the table was reserved and I could not sit there. I then realized, this area was a part of the restaurant and stood by the bar.  No more than two minutes later they came over and sat us.  That table was never filled the entire time we were there, as well as one other.  So maybe whoever reserved it was a no show, but it was just a strange way to start our evening there. I wish we had come the nights they had live music, but the music and music videos playing were fun just the same.  We enjoyed the cheese fondue, bread and veggie dip to start.  I had the chicken curry which was pretty good as well as the Jamaican Freeze drink which was pretty much a mixture of a strawberry martini and a pina colada.  Service was decent.  I can't claim I had the amazing experience I was looking forward to here.
Food was out of this world. The portions were amazing. My wife and I ordered the Jamician sampler and that alone would quantify as a meal. We sat down to eat at 8:30 and the band came on at 9 and killed it. The waiter was super attentive and it was an all around good time. We done by all.
This was, by far, the best tourist food I've ever had in my life. Authentic? Not really. But, amazingly, they do everything well and with generous portions. My plate came with a beef patty, a veggie patty, and the best yucca fries I've ever had. The patties were freshly made, and the real winner was actually the veggie-- a surprising blend of curry spices and sweet potatoes and some green vegetables. Good grief, it was pretty darned delicious. My friends ordered the jerk chicken, which was deliciously spicy and moist, and a mango wing dish. Everything was good enough that I'd seriously go back again if I was ever in the area in the future. We sat in a table that was by the stage, in the open-air courtyard flanked with gas heaters for the cold. It looked like there was some covered seating as well, but everything was open air. It's a nice setup, but we didn't stay for the music. I almost forgot-- a huge plus were the prices! Entrees were in the 10 - 15 range. Service was also *terrific*. Food was also presented nicely. Overall, this was the best tourist trap ever!
Super friendly staff. Cool ambiance. Great band. DELICIOUS food! Being Bob Marley fans, it was a given that we would check this place out. But I was pleasantly surprised by how genuinely nice the staff was and how truly good the food was. Bob Marley on the TVs and later a killer reggae band played. We had cheese fondue and that was good. I had the Jerk Chicken and it was so delicious and spicy! It came with plantain fries that were probably the best I've had. My husband had chicken wings and they didn't stand a chance. Yum! The prices were very good for the amount of food you receive. Not overpriced at all. I wish I had come here again before leaving. Definitely a place you should check out!
When I go to a theme park I never expect to find good food, however, that's besides the point here. Bob Marley's does a decent job of replicating Caribbean cuisine. Their Jamaican jerk chicken is on point as far as flavors, but the protein portions are a bit small. Don't get me wrong, in the end you'll most likely be full, but you'll be full of yucca fries instead of chicken. If you happen to stop in while a live band is performing then consider yourself fortunate. They play reggae which really sets that "island mood." Always a treat. With fairly attentive service, affordable prices, and good food, it's a good place to stop after a day at Universal Studios... provided it's not raining.
The oxtail was good...the curry was so so... CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!
Had a GREAT time here, I didn't eat, but I did sit at the bar while I waited for a movie to start at the theater... The bartender was SO much fun, and we had a great time with him, even as locals! Very yummy mixed drinks, I told him to surprise me with a drink, after I told him what I liked, and he hit the nail on the head! There was also a great reggae band there! All in all, thoroughly enjoyed this place! From what I saw of the food, it looked delish too! :o)
Yeah, not so much. For a guy with great music he sure has a mediocre restaurant. My biggest complaint was my initial impression. The hostess, I believe named Tiffany, eventually found her way over to our group waiting at the hostess station. With a sour expression on her face we were told it would be about 20 minutes. We were not invited to wait at the bar but invited ourselves to do so. The restaurant was not full. At the bar we were greeted by two very pleasant and outgoing bartenders (redemption for the restaurant!) and the mojito was actually awesome! Our table actually was ready early and the still not smiling hostess sat us down. We again had an excellent server. I ordered the curry chicken which was not very satisfying and was also cold. At this point most of our table did enjoy their food and no other person complained of cold food. All in all the experience was not memorable. Save for the bartenders and our server it would have been a total bust for me!
A fun night on the Universal Walk.  My husband and I were staying at the Hard Rock Resort and thought we would go out for drinks and dancing one night.  We walked in here in stead of the other clubs because the music was blaring and seemed like it would be the most fun.   Walking inside took us back to our jamaican vacation.   it was crowded, hot but fans were blasting.  The live music was awesome.  we danced for hours and built up a rather hefty bar tab.  So goal of a fun night out was accomplished with one stop HERE!
Dancing with the stars. . . Open air  building with nice vibes, looking up to night sky . .life was made for this! Really awesome band, with awesome vocals make for a really  great time!
I was excited about coming to this restaurant at first, from seeing some of the glowing, positive reviews here on Yelp.  However, our experience was far from a 4 or 5 star dinner.  I was wholly unimpressed with the entire place.  I know a big draw to the place is the live band/music (wasn't anyone when we were there), however the food and layout just was far below my expectations for a sit-down eatery at CityWalk. Paper cups, plastic silverware, and greasy food.  Not a winning combination by any stretch of the imagination.  It was considerably cheaper than some of the other places in the area (like Latin Quarter), but you certainly pay for it...when you get the check, and a few hours later. Service was adequate, our server was friendly and did attend to our needs.  However, just was not impressed with the quality of food.  Also, to those wanting a reprieve from the 90% humidity and heat, bear in mind the place is mostly an open-air establishment, with little to no A/C.
Stopped in last night prior to seeing a movie.  We have been here a couple times because my bf likes their wings.  We always sit at the bar- the bartenders are always friendly.  Last night we had Zack and he was super friendly, laid back and did a good job covering the bar. We ordered the mango wings and jerk wings.  Both were good- the wings were pretty big (not dinky), well done (not soggy) and filling.  We each also got a drink.   The atmosphere is very chill and surprisingly intimate.  Once you walk in, you completely forget about CityWalk.   All in all, we were happy.  Would we ever make a trip out here just to dine? No. But, as we do the occasional movie at CityWalk, this is the place we like to hit up first.
This place really only gets one star for the atmosphere and outdoor dining area and one star for the entertainment.    I'm not sure what I expected in the middle of total consumerism america, but I expected more than this. As a table of 4, we were probably in the restaurant for three hours.  Although our waitress was very friendly and helpful in separating checks for expense reports, the service took an eternity.  She was clearly overwhelmed and I don't blame her, but if you're in the middle of city walk you should probably put some more people on a shift when you're that busy. Food:  had potential to be good but really missed.   I ordered the jerk chicken.  It was red on the inside still.  Barf.  That just about ruined the whole situation for me.  I'm afraid of raw meat- personal problem but still.  Are you trying to poison me?!  Fellow diners were not thrilled, either.  Although the food was a miss, the wolf's howl cocktail was bomb and on special for $4 that night.   Atmosphere:  the restaurant is adorable with a great patio seating area.  They don't let you in if you're under 21 after 9 PM so put them kiddies to bed.  The live entertainment was good.  The bathroom was super gnar. Seek other options- there are millions.
Cool place to hang out.  It is an amazing place.  No wonder is my bf favorite place.  Great live band and the crowds.  One word "wow" We recently had a birthday party there, the staff are excellent.  They took care of everything and all we had to do was to have fun :))))
This is probably the most modest place at Citywalk and good for a quick meal. I've been here a few times, never had a full meal, but enjoy the appetizers. The beef patties have a nice soft, flakey crust and the yucca makes a good sidekick. I keep putting off trying out the rest of the menu, but my prior experience indicates that it should be worthwhile. Plus you can always see Suggs, Terry Hall, and Neville Staples in the videos...
Finally, a restaurant in a touristy place that is a bit more unique than the usual overdone magaritaville! I definitely suggest the Taste of Jamaica sampler appetizer platter, which comes with basically everything worth trying: the mango chicken wings, fat yucca fries, and these buttery and flaky veggie & beef empanadas. If you're going for something somewhat "healthy", the soup (the only one on the menu...) is wonderfully flavored with a blend of spices and vegetables, and it was honestly one of my favorite items. Just stay away from the coco bread because it tastes nothing like coconut. It's just a piece of mediocre sweet bread. Other than that, the service is delightful and the atmosphere is fun and lively!
I keep going back here every time I'm in Orlando because I absolutely love Bob Marley... there are some great photo opportunities considering the statue outside and the memorabilia within. This is a fantastic place to have a few drinks and dance to some great live reggae... or to a DJ later depending on the time or night. However, the food has always disappointed.  The only thing I wouldn't complain about was the cheese fondue.  Other than that, the service was mediocre and the food usually flavourless and cold. Eat elsewhere but party here if you like reggae!
Well.... I have to admit, I expected more. I've gone to one Jamaican restaurant my whole life back in Guam, and the seasoning and spices were so good. I had a lot of expectations for this restaurant I suppose. I was waiting for some live bands, sadly we were too early as a group was just setting up as we were finishing. They did have music in the background though so that was okay. The food was...just average. The jerk chicken really didn't have much flavor and only one of 3 pieces was actually moist, the others were really dry. I liked the coco bread though, it was very moist with the right amount of sweetness I wanted to order another one. The BF's fried tilapia is nothing worth writing about. Service wasn't that great either. For a Bob Marley restaurant, the vibe I'm sorry to say was just not there. No service, didn't feel the love at all. It was a really cold atmosphere actually. I don't think I'd come back to eat here.
A nice change up from all the themed buger joints in the area.  While not mind blowing Jamaican food, ( I am spoiled from Brooklyns amazing spots) it is def a good place to check out.  A very friendly staff adds to it.  We had the jerk chicken wings which were good.  I prefer a little more well done, but did not ask so its not their fault. My gf had the shrimp curry over rice with veggies - very satisfying.  I had the beef pattys - while tasty, I was expecting a thin crispy crust but got a thick semi sweet one.  Nice yuca french fries.
My friend and I decided to try this out for a late dinner. Knowing that it would be crowded on a Saturday night and noticing that they take reservations with OpenTable, I made a reservation to hopefully expedite our dinner when we got there. When we arrived, there was no host around or anything. I approached a waitress who tried to direct me back outside, only to realize there was no one outside. So now my friend and I are standing in the doorway of this restaurant with two waiters who are trying to figure out where to seat us and some random hostess showed up to help us. Here's the problem I had: when I told the hostess I had reservations, without asking me or any information or looking anything up, immediately she shut me down saying they had NO reservations for the rest of the night. Then she ran off to "find her manager" who we never actually saw. Aaaaaand we're still standing in the doorway. I didn't appreciate the attitude. I wasn't trying to be difficult and I wasn't demanding of anything. I just stated I had a reservation and she made it seem like I was asking to rent out the whole place for the evening. Finally the two waiters from before sat us a a table that was pretty much in the doorway that we had been standing in. Everyone working there seemed to be running around and it was a bit chaotic. We were supposed to have one waiter but he never came by. Another waitress kept coming by to check on THAT waiter. So she ended up taking our order instead. But our waitress was nice and attentive. Drinks were good, I had the One Love, which was presently tart. I also had the veggie patties, which were okay. A bit over seasoned in the spices. All I could taste was the seasoning and not the actual veggies inside. My friend realllllly like her curry chicken dish though. I think this place has a cool vibe and could be fun for having a drink and listening to the live music later at night or some decent food for an earlier dinner. Overall the whole evening was a bit chaotic and I don't think it was the place for me. Maybe the waitstaff was having an off night or maybe I just went at the wrong time.
The music is ok at best most of the time for me.  I've been to parties with a DJ and carribbean music and it was a better time.  Also the drinks are expensive and they come in a small glass.   I enjoy this place if everyone is going and/or if a large group is going.  I think that a really great band could change my opinion of this club.
Our first night in Orlando we decided to stop here for dinner before heading into Halloween Horror Nights. I think this meal was scarier than what I saw the rest of the night. I ordered the rasta mon fish stew, which is not really a stew at all. I received a serving of dirty rice (rice undercooked, beans overcooked), three pieces of fried cod fish that were dry, overcooked, and had barely any breading on them, sauteed vegetables (which seemed to be cooked fine), and a green colored sauce that was extremely oily as the sauce broke in the pan. I have had jamaican food before and this was nowhere near that. Deanne T. ordered the grilled mango wings, which were very bland with only a small hint of mango flavor and none of the peppery flavor described on the menu. I only give this place one stars because of the unique atmosphere and good service we received....and because I can't give a zero. I'm sure the bar scene has to be good because there is no way people go for the food.
Universal houses a variety of Restaurants from cheap to not. Bob Marley's kind of sits in the middle as one of the unique theme places where you can catch a live band and grab some drinks and food. The place is neat. It is mostly outdoors in a courtyard with a band in the corner and a wrap around balcony with some covered seating. The tables were disgusting.. Food particles trapped in between the slats - they look like they have NEVER been cleaned. The drinks were good. Our server also was bar tending upstairs - so things like needed plates for our delivered appetizers had to wait for him to serve 10 people drinks first. The chicken was ok. It was on the verge of being overly dry. I had both the mango wings in the appetizer and Jerk chicken. Would I go back? No. Try Bubba Gump  or the Latin place.
I could have sat there all night long listening to the live band, drinking mojitos and eating jerk wings. What a great place.. This may be the closest I ever get to Jamaica and maybe the food isn't authentic? who knows? and who cares?? It was delicious and fun and mesmerizing. I was staying at the Hard Rock and wandered down to Marley's my first night.. I needed a drink and food as I had been up since 2 am pacific time and this place caught my eye right away. We were seated immediately and had wonderful service. We had the Jamaican sampler and it was delish. 13$ for the best plate of munchies I have ever had. We went back two more times during our stay. Is this a chain..? do they have one in Seattle? Im gonna check!
Pass on this place. Had to pay a cover charge and sat there for 30 minutes and no one waited on us. #Whitepeoplesurprised?
I'd pass on this place it was ok, food nothing to be excited about.Rice was dry, soup too fishy smelling which makes you wonder of the freshness of it. Service was poor we asked to have the outdoor heater lit but were given several reasons /excuses why it wasn't.  When the staff finally did start to light the propane burners they started with other lamps rather than with our at our request.  They were just walking over to do ours when we asked for the check.  We even had to wait an extremely long time for wait staff to bring our bill so we could pay.  Folks don't bother with this place there are a lot of other restaurants in "City Walk" to choose from.
Great Caribbean style food in a relaxed environment. One of the lower cost places at City Walk, Marley's is relaxing and low-noise in an area that can be loud at night. Space is open-air courtyard, with tables both under cover and under the stars with heaters. Comfortable place for good company and conversation.   Try the jerk chicken and a ginger soda.
Came here while staying at the Universal-linked hotels and being dog-tired after a day at the park. I have to avoid wheat items due to allergies, and suppose I should have asked about the vegetable patties. Not what I was expecting at all (dough covering a flavorful mix of vegetables cooked in spices and coconut milk).  Oh well that said, the filling tasted good but they really didn't have much other choices for my allergy (besides salad which is no good on a cold december night). So the lower rating is really just not having much of a selection for a veggie lover and wheat avoider. Nice chill vibe and fun decor, but it was chilly with the open ceiling even with the heaters. Our waitress even said she was shivering after running around to tables on busy night.
Is this Love? Nope. Had a reservation and still stood waiting for 20mins! Walk-ups were getting seated before us:( really?! Wanted to indulge in an uber touristy experience- but the not so irie experience of poor service and being (not) seated led us to Emeril's where they sat us right away.
No smoking! Fun atmosphere. Lots of great people. Amazing Music. We really enjoyed ourselves. This is a busy place. It is really a bar, even if they serve food. So expect it to be more like a club than anything else.
After a long day at Universal Islands of Adventure, we stopped off at Bob Marley's.  The atmosphere is wonderful.  They run videos about Marley and music fills the place. As for the food, it was great.  I would maybe knock off a 1/2 star for the menu choices.  It's a little limited.  That being said, what we had was wonderful.  My wife had a salad with an amazing dressing she's going to try and copy.  I had the burger that had some of the most amazing flavor.  My son had the fish sticks, which were actually fish nuggets and he ate them up.
I give it two stars for me but five for my kids - I don't know why they loved it but they did.  We went two nights in a row!  The Jamacaroni and cheese was a hit with my ten year-old and my teenager liked the vegetarian patties - which were actually pretty good.  I have had some substantially higher quality Caribbean food so I was unimpressed.  However, the staff were laid back and it wasn't packed like everywhere else in the area.  The calamari was weird, the yucca fries are good, the mahi mahi was adequate, the jerk chicken salad was terrible - boiled, flavorless chicken on a smallish bed of greens.  Oh well, I probably lost a pound or two by eating there.
Fun spot in the hustle and bustle of City Walk. The band was amazing, the vibe and set up of the place was great The menu was a lot smaller than we though but everyone found something to eat. The wings were good, Oxtail was delicious, chicken was a bit dry but flavorful. Nice place to stop, even if only for an island drink and a dance or two.
I am a sucker for live band and this place has live reggae band with fantastic sound. Place is located in Universal studio. I came with some past college friends to enjoy a good time. I was not dissapointed. Drinks were good. Plesant place to hang out. Will go back when I am in Orlando area next time...yea man
Hot tiki torches really lit up the place the other day.  The cold weather beckoned making us hesitant to go to an outdoor venue.  They took care of us with soothing fire.  The music was very good and the place was packed with happy and enthusiastic people.  Love the environment.  It's very relaxing and upbeat.  I need to try the food still.
Very tasty Caribbean food at very affordable prices, given that it is in Universal City Walk.  The live music was a bonus!  Fortunately it's out of season...I imagine this place will be a mad house during the summer.
Here for a late lunch and happy hour. Happy hour specials are decent. The jerk wings were ok could have had more seasoning. The catch a fire chicken sandwich is amazing! Grilled chicken on coco bread with yuca fries. I highly recommend it. Outside bar and tables and nice staff.
We visited Bob Marley's for a friend's birthday.  Dinner first, open-air concert next.  There were several types of diners in the party: island natives from Miami, people like myself who have tasted a 'version' of Jamaican food, and people who had never eaten it before. We ordered a sampler platter and a plate of wings to begin.  Unintentional hilarity ensued when a few people asked to try my ginger beer and ended up with runny noses.  Ehehe.  The wings were delicious, mostly because of the mango sauce covering them.  They were such a hit that we ended up ordering two more plates of them.  We nibbled the beef patty that came on the appetizer plate and I liked it a lot--it's very different from the patties you get at Reggae Shack or Carribbean Spice in Gainesville.  Whereas our patties are filled with a sort of meat stew, this one was simply end to end filled with spicy ground beef.  We gave the veggie patty to the guest who hadn't eaten Jamaican food before so that he wasn't terrified to try it again.  Dinner ranged from simple sandwiches to full-on oxtail.  I took a few bites of my husband's food and thought that the tail meat was very, very gristly, but it IS a tail after all.  We shared the fresh fruit platter for dessert and walked back out onto the veranda to watch the show from the second story. The live show, I think, is where this place really has the opportunity to shine.  If you're a dancer, you'll find the beat infectious.  If you just want to lean on the wall with something cold in your hand and people-watch, you can definitely do that too.  The 1 a.m. rendition of "Redemption Song" was almost hallucenogenic: a mass of people gently swaying under green and gold spotlights, a bass drum gently throbbing out a heartbeat's rhythm, hands fluttering in the air as voices sang "Won't you help to sing this song of freedom, 'cause all I ever have, redemption songs," the lingering taste of ginger beer on my lips.   And then I snapped out of it because my stilettos hurt like heck and I'm an old woman so 1 a.m. is way past my bedtime. If I make it back to Citywalk, I'll revisit. :)  4.25 stars.
Service was a bit slow but the food was worth while!
Wow.  This place is a cheesy good time.  Somewhat authentic Reggae music, with a plastic Bob Marley vibe and drinks that are measured to a T and on the expensive side.  But who cares, it is still a fun time if you can get there and get home without losing your interest and "good vibes" from the night.  I will probably not go back until I have to, but I am sure when I go back, I will have fun again.
Service may leave something to be desired but the food here is actually pretty good.  Try the patties!!!!  They may need to ease up on the spice levels but hey...it's Caribbean food.  Definitely worth trying!!!
wow I'm the first to write! so i was out on vacay with hubby, son and niece. okay, I was having a hard time finding a good restaurant out in florida. my food always appeared sad everywhere we went. ;o( while one of our many visits to universal that week, we stopped by Pat O'Brien's for their famous Hurricane, to go! then walked a lil more and stopped in here! we waited about 1/2 hr, luckily a party in front of us left. It sure was crowded, they had live music, the weather was perfect, and service was good! or was it the Hurricane I had while i was waiting that made feel that way? hmmm, I was feeling good. I was definitely feeling the Love ;o) I enjoyed my plate very much. I ordered jerked chicken with yucca fries.  For the kiddies, they had chicken wings and my husband ordered fish. you should stop by here if you're in town, great ambiance, and sitting under the stars listening to a live band or BM tunes was a great way to have dinner, in April. .
Almost felt like we were in the Caribbean for a brief moment. Great Bob Marley Memorabilia ! Very inexpensive happy hour with $3 beers and $5 appetizers. Try the jerk chicken wings, they are really tasty. They have a live reggae band that plays at 9pm and they were really good. Too bad there wasn't more people there to listen. Very cool spot and a refreshing break from the rush of the parks.
We came here on a family outing for dinner and stayed for the music. I had the daily special, which was jerk chicken mac and cheese. I highly recommend it if you like mac n cheese. There was a good proportion of cheese to chicken, which is very important! After dinner, we moved upstairs and watched the band play reggae. They cleared most of the tables out downstairs to make way for dancing. Overall, the food was good and people watching was better.
Bob Marley- A Tribute to Freedom is a great place to hang out after hours. They have a live band that plays after 9pm on their stage and they're actually pretty good I must say. The food was alright, not too shabby for a tourist attraction restaurant. I did like the yuca fries though and the jerk patties; everything else was kind of bland. But if you're ever at City Walk, stop by this place; it's pretty cool.
Well...I found myself back at universal city walk with a band of brothers hungry and thirsty. We had such a great meal last time we visited Marley's we figured we'd give it a go one again. First of all I do have to mention it was raining that night, we had a group of 7 in our party and the hostess said it would be an hr or less. No biggie we'll just be at the bar doing what 7 men do when their away from their wives....shots! The assistant mgr. did check in with us periodically and at the one hour mark she could tell we were getting restless.  After an hour and a half all of us were wondering wtf?  Ass. Man disappeared and we were going to head out the door foodless and pretty drunk. I decided to ask the hostess where we were after seeing dozens of people being seated that came after us. She replied that she had told us it would be at least an hour and a half. WHAT!!! In comes Anthony the manager, sensing the anger and frustration in all of us and after I explained the situation he personally took matters into his own hands and sprung into action, set up two tables outside, had appetizers (no charge) on our table within 3 min...no joke. He promptly took our orders food/drink and had everything on our table within 15 min.  Anthony saved the night. Moments later the band took the stage and we were all feeling Eire! Thanks Anthony for your professionalism and to the hostess do what you say and say what you do.
I shot the sheriff! jk I come to this spot occasionally on fridays nights. They have a great live band, and the crowd is pretty decent. I like that they have plenty of seats to sit down, great for ppl that have danced their asses off. Me personally, i like to sit an people watch, its great! There is a wide range of ages in this place, young and old, guess theres a little bit of everything. If your looking for a chill low key night, with a nice caribbean live band this is the place.
Get the Beef Patties!
Very impressed with the jerk chicken...this is the real deal-as soon as I took one bite it felt as if I was back n Negril, Jamaica! It's ALL Irie Man:-)
Live band was awesome. Music was great. Crowd was great. Drinks were incredibly overpriced though.
review only covers after 9pm dancing and band on a Sat night. We came here to listen to some live music and burn off some calories from dinner. I can't recall the band name, but they were good. The place itself has an open air cement outdoor dance floor in the center, 2 small bars, a section of tables for diners, tees for sale, and then an upstairs VIP area. The cover was $7 and they put an ID bracelet on you AND they stamp the bracelet on your wrist vs. your wrist. nail polish remover works to get those stamps off. but anyways, I guess 9:30pm was still early cause when we left at 12:30, the place was really crowded and there was this huge line not moving outside with people out there dressed to impress and in a 4 row deep line like a Disneyland ride. The live music was great. It's all reggae, some dancehall, too. The live band was really good, there were about 7 members, 3 of them took turns doing vocals, and one even busted out a sax, hot! The vibe in the place was cool, chill, not fights broke out when we were there. No icky guys groping girls. The restrooms were clean. The decor is all about the Marley family and having been to Jamaica, not being able to review the food, the place could have just been in Jamaica. I had a good time. I saw some guys with a nice short sleeve button up shirt and khaki shorts and then saw other people dressed up nicer. Whatever you feel more comfy wearing so you can dance your pants off is what you should wear.
The atmosphere here was awesome. The food was Americanized versions of Jamaican food but it was still good. I love the fact that Universal would even have a place like this there.
I knew my meal would be an adventure when walking into a replica of Bob Marley's house.  We ordered tropical drinks from the specials menu (which took the waitress a good 10 minutes to find) and several appetizers. The taste of Jamaica app is a must! Yucca fries, vegetable and beef patties, mango wings and 2 delightful dipping sauces.  The calamari fried in plantains was just ok and the fondue was a little weird.  After hearing 'No Woman No Cry' for the 3rd time in a row, I was ready to leave.
Everything you're attempting to envision before walking in will be met - live reggae music every night at nine, small tv's playing Bob Marley, palm trees and delicious mixed drinks leave you feeling 'all right'.  Staff is friendly and attentive - went here for dessert.  Their cheesecake is an absolute must try - creamy, rich and served on what appears to be little wooden boats.  The entire experience of this place from start to finish will leave you questioning why you didn't stop here in the first place.
Not a type of food I encounter very often, but jamaican food is absolutely fantastic if you can find a good spot like this one. Compared to the other chain restaurants, some of which are also pretty good, this place shines above the rest. The coco bread is clearly a winner here, make sure you do not leave this place without trying this. The beef patties were absolutely delicious paired with the bread, and the fried plantains were like a piece of heaven. The jerk chicken was good, but I felt like the seasoning was a bit on the light side, I would have liked something a bit bolder and spicier, but it was still cooked well and juicy...
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.  Good food, good ambience, great service and outstanding music..... a hidden gem!   Everything centers around an outdoor stage which plays live music at night with outdoor seating, "veranda" seating, a fully stocked bar and of course, the immortal Bob Marley.  The food is sooooo tasty, in large sized portions and to top it off they carry Jamaican ginger beer and Ting soda!!!  You haven't been, you definitely must!
Definitely took me back to my honeymoon in Jamaica! Good food, great music, great ambiance.
Went to Bob Marley's on 05/11/14 around 9:00 with a group of 6, including 2 kids (14 and 12)...band was playing, which was great! We found a table near the bar and since no-one ever came to our table with a Menu or to wait on us, we ordered a couple of rounds of drinks directly at the bar (around $60...top shelf drinks and sodas). After 30/45 minutes or so, a waitress came over, not to ask if she could get us anything, but to tell us that tables reserved for people eating and we needed to move to the bar (with the kids?!)...obviously, this did not go over well and we did not rush to finish our drinks...she came back as we were finishing our drinks telling us again that we needed to move...there were other tables open, there was no line with people waiting to get in, and as we were leaving, we mentioned to hostess outside and she said there is "open seating in 15 minutes"...so, she wanted us to move in case someone came in to eat during next 15 minutes when there were other tables available and we were spending money? (couple beside us had appetizer and water = smaller bill)...is it because we were Caucasian??! We heard they discriminated, but didn't believe it until this occurred...still can't believe it and will NEVER go back and will tell as many people as we can how unwelcome they made us feel...
I am a huge fan of Bob Marley and I jumped at the chance to go when I was offered passes to go to the club.Before going I went with an open mind, the food wasn't going to be authentic like I was accustomed to but I enjoyed it anyways. But I went with some Jamaican friends/family and they complained the food was watered down cuisine and that they could do better the whole time. Lesson: never go to an island restuarant with nit picky island people.But otherwise they loved the decor and the band that plays there. But despite that I had a great time and go every chance I get.
I would actually rate it 3.5 stars, but that's not an option. I went to this restaurant with some trepidation, due to the many not so positive reviews I read. I was looking for this terrible hostess and terrible food. While this was not the best restaurant I've ever visited, I did enjoy my visit.   I actually purchased a meal plan deal at Univerasal Studios that included dinner at a Citywalk restaurant. We chose this restaurant. However, the menu available for the meal plan deal was a joke. Basically patties and jerk chicken. NOT what I expected. Therefore, we decided to just order off of the regular menu. My husband is actually Jamaican, and a huge fan of Bob Marley, which is why we really wanted to try this place. The food was actually pretty good. We ordered the Taste of Jamaica appetizer sampler which included mango wings, beef patties and yucca fries. DH had the jerk chicken and a side of coco bread. He enjoyed his meal very much and loved the coco bread, saying it brought him back to the school lunches of his past. I ordered the oxtail stew with a side of plantains. Not the best I've ever had, but I did enjoy it. We had very friendly service from John, who kept checking on us. What I did not like at all is that everything was served on paper and plastic! I was very surprised. I've never been to a restaurant for dinner and had my drink served in a paper Coca-Cola cup. We ate on plastic plates, using plastic utensils. A big thumbs down, this was very tacky. I don't know if this is a way to save money and avoid breakage, but it was a big turn off. On the positive side, we did enjoy the reggae band. I was surprised to see that part of the restaurant was exposed to the outdoors, but it was a very comfortable night weather-wise, so it actually felt nice, dancing under the stars. Overall, it was a nice night. We might return on another Universal visit, since DH enjoyed it so much. But if it were up to me, I might want to try another Citywalk restaurant.
Had a great time at this place. Music was cool as expected. The curry dishes were excellent.
Great place to chill out and listen to some good tunes. Absolutely LOVE the open air and live band...I believe every night. A bit touristy, but does the trick if you just wanna hear some reggae and occasional soca. I usually go Friday or Saturday. Try the Jamaican rum punch from Zack...but I don't suggest more than two if you're a "lightweight" lol.
I have never had Caribbean food, so I have nothing to compare it to, but the food here was excellent!  We had the "sampler" appetizer, which had some wings, yucca fries, veggie and beef patties, and we ordered some fried plaintains; all DELICIOUS!  The restaurant itself has a great atmosphere; music, people, setting...  I wish I could have gone at night to hear a live band!
Cool place, nice atmosphere.
Our food was delicious & our server was great. Everything was going good until later. We decided to put our leftover food & stuff we purchased in the car. When we returned the girl at the entrance wouldn't let us back in since my girlfriend's license was cracked. We had no problems getting into the other places.
I didn't expect much when we decided to stop in for dinner. All of the seating is outside and it has an outdoor bar feel. Boy was I wrong! The food was delicious! I had the jerk wings and the beef patties, and both were phenomenal. I'm far from an expert on Caribbean or Jamaican food, but the food here was great. The specialty mixed drinks were very good and the draft beer was fresh as well. I'll definitely be back next time I'm at universal!
Really good food & service! The prices are really reasonable.
Great atmosphere! Very Caribbean. Beef patties mouth watering good. Kids Jamacaroni tasted like noodles with canned nacho cheese sauce. Kids fish perfect. Curried chicken dry but tasty. Overall, good service and good experience for early dinner with kids.
Happy hour 3-7.  $4 Carib beer. Bob Marley tunes in the shade of the courtyard. Need to put festival on the h.hour menu.  Yea mon!
First time in Orlando with some friends for a conference and we decided to explore the famous Universal City Walk.  I must admit I am a huge fan of Caribbean food so when I saw the Bob Marley menu I felt butterflies in my stomach.  I ordered the Rasta Mon Curry Shrimp with a side of cocoa bread and mango juice.  O-M-G!!! That shrimp with rice and beans was beyond good!!! There were so many dishes I wanted from that menu!  Usually restaurants don't really get the real Caribbean flavor in their version of island food but Bob Marley got it just right!  They even had sauces on the table straight from Jamaica!  Plus the restaurant has video montages of Bob Marley and a small gift shop with Bob Marley merchandise.  We went on a Tuesday night and there was a live reggae band.  (not sure if they do this every night of the week)  The vibes and food were so great!  The service was pretty good as well.  No complaints from me!  I will absolutely be visiting again when I come back in town.
After a long day at Island of Adventure, we wanted to sit back, relax, and enjoy some great food. This restaurant was perfect! We kicked off the night with the Taste of Jamaica appetizer that had amazing mango wings. I ordered the jerk chicken which was spicy but really tasty. I loved the music and entertainment they had.
this place is awesome.  they have great food, good service, and the best music.  i got the Jamaican jerk chicken (comes with fried yucca) and fried plantains along with the "no woman no cry" salad and some ginger beer (non-alcoholic).  the food was delicious.  it wasn't crowded or super busy when we got there, so service and food was fast.  they also have a shop so you can get some Bob merchandise too.  this place is great.  i wish we had one in California too.
I was on Universal CityWalk for the third time ever... on a date... and after trying the mini golf decided to do something different. Went to Bob Marley's entrance and learned the cover was $7 which wasn't bad considering other places I have been. (There was a thing called the partypass for $13... wasn't explained exactly what that was by the front door girls... which you would think they would offer some advice.) After walking to the bar area and was greeted by the live band. It reminded me of when I was in Jamaica and met Bob Marley's son last year. The drinks are barcardi which are awesome for a person like me who is allergic to pretty much anything but rum. The drinks are priced fairly but you get what you pay for. I gave this venue 5 stars partly because of the band. OK I lie... the band had everything to do with it. Not many places offer entertainment daily much less a Wednesday night.
Huge fan of Bob Marley and Jamaican food, and I was very impressed with this place. The decor is pretty awesome, they have live bands playing, and since the seating is outdoors and the weather is so warm in Florida, it felt like we were in Jamaica. I had guava juice which was very tasty, and my friend and I shared the jerk chicken meal (eat it with the bbq hot sauce, it tastes much better that way) as well as the sampler appetizer which had some wings, yucca fries and beef/veggie patties, which resembled more of a empanada/pastry than a "pattie". It was really good and tasted similar to the chinese curry beef puff pastry. I even told my bf about it because I had never had that at any other jamaican place I've eaten at, and he attested that he actually had the exact pattie dish when he was in Jamaica. I thought the place was great. You can also buy Bob Marley paraphernalia on your way out too. The staff were all really nice as well
This food was fantastic!  I had the NATTY DREAD-- Vegetable Patties with a side of Yucca fries.  They were absolutely amazing.  The flavors in the patty were perfect and the yucca fries... I'm trying to figure out how to make them at home now!
excellent food, fun atmosphere, service a bit slow for as early as it was in then evening, but hey we were on vacation, so relax!
