Not bad for a burger and beer
I had to update my review because Trivia Night has moved to Broadway Pizza. I had heard that a larger more influential trivia company forced the little guy out of doing his job, just so they could save a few bucks. I was disappointed by this and while I still like the bar food they serve at RJ's I was very disappointed by the management for changing the venue of trivia. Were they financially doing that poorly that the money saved from swapping out trivia companies is going to save their bar from closing? I think not. The food is pretty standard and there are some items which I would recommend because they are items I order on a regular basis. 1) Cheese tots with bacon - good to have with a beer if you aren't too hungry. Lots of bacon. 2) Wings - Standard stuff for a sports bar. Depending on my mood I like different flavors. 21 flavors to choose from - try the dry rubs also! 3) Filet tips - This comes either as a sandwich or just the tips. Both are filling and tasty. 4) Nachos Grande - The name says it all. I prefer the beef over the chicken 5) Cheese Steak Sandwich - $5 on Tuesday and $1 for the side. Great deal if you are short on money! 6) Any of the burgers! I've tried them all.. no really. My favorite is the Steel Curtain. 7) Triple Decker Club - A solid sandwich (I prefer Rye). A really good filling meal and very well made. 8) Open Faced Turkey with mash potatoes - Another solid meal. Really filling and very tasty. 9) Chef Salad - Hope you are hungry. This is a GIANT salad. I ain't kidding. They really pack it all on the plate and it can feed two people. 10) Potato or Tomato soups - Any of these are a good light meals. I like them both but prefer the Tomato. Cup or bowl is offered.
My husband And I went here for a quick drink and a couple appetizers for dinner and the service was horrid.  We sat down at about 6:35pm ordered our beers and an appetizer.  We received our beers promptly and our fried pickles (these were delicious) about 8-10 minutes later.  My beer was ok (blue moon) but my husbands (Guinness) was on the flat side and albeit watery taste. We ordered when we received the fried pickles, about 6:44.  At 7:18 we noticed other customers that came in 15 minutes after us receive there food, parties of more than 2.  With this we promptly paid and left.  We will not be returning.
We went here again last night for their Monday burger special. The burgers are really good. Great overall dining experience.  The onion rings were also very good.
Same owners as Froggers, so the wings are good - blue cheese dipping sauce and all. I can't vouch for the rest of the food. Bar is typical of a sports bar. Service is spotty at best.
I went with my husband, and we both ordered burgers, two different ones so we could split and try both. I ordered the Mexican one, that is served on a tortilla. My husband ordered the greek one. I will say that I did not want to share mine with my husband. Mine was juicy and yummy and oh so good. His, not so much. Maybe because I had just had mine that had so much flavor, that his just seemed bland by comparison. Though he said it was mediocre as well. We ordered the special fries, waitress told us there was powdered sugar on them, so they were salty sweet. She either put in the order wrong, or had no idea what she was talking about. They were wet and gross and not worth the extra money we had to pay for them. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't fantastic
Lunch. I was not impressed at all yesterday when I joined my coworkers for lunch here.  While the waitress was nice, we barely saw her.  She dropped off a pitcher so that it would be easier for us to refill our own drinks.  The food took a long time to come out and was nothing to brag about, and neither were the portions.  I watched two different couples come in and sit down, only to leave five minutes later, since nobody came by.  I am assuming the place is still open for its happy hour crowd.  This was my second time going as I wanted to give it another chance from my first bad experience.  I do not see myself going back.
3.5 stars for RG Brewski's on 434 in Longwood. RG Brewski's is your fairly typical sports bar/restaurant. I think they are going for the cute-girl-server-thing ala Hooters/Wing Shack but these girls are wearing more clothes. Our server was quick, efficient and sweet. She is the reason for 4 instead of 3 stars. I had the mushroom Swiss burger which was cooked just right and so big I couldn't finish it. It came with Cajun Tater Tots which were excellent. We had the chicken quesidilla app which was just ok. My hubby said that even though his shrimp Po Boy was good and spicy it was on the small side. They apparently have a sandwich challenge where you and a friend are to devour this huge sandwich. We saw the pictures but didn't get the details. The restaurant is tucked in a strip center next to Fresh Market. They have ample flat screen TVs, a good selection of beer (24 on draft), darts, games, a high top table area near the bar and tables and booths in the back. They have specials and events often, all of which is on their website. The place is big and clean and would be a great place to catch a game.
I was looking forward to trying this place on Monday night. After hearing the $1 burger special when you buy drinks .. I figured.. have a couple of pints and a burger.. how bad can it be.. right? I guess that would all depend on what waitress you get... I did see other customers getting good service so I know it's possible. Needless to say we just had a really bad server.... She did everything from forgetting to take our order and then trying to say she asked someone else to ... and they must have forgot. To blaming the kitchen staff for taking 45 minutes to cook a hamburger.. on $1 hamburger night no less. After wasting 1 hour and 45 minutes on what should of been a quick bite, the manager came by and said since it took us so long to get our food, he would knock off 20%. Then we noticed that our waitress charged me full price for the beer instead of happy hour. .. Not really my fault for being seated at 6:20 and not putting in the order until after 7 .....  After almost 2 hours.. I was ready to go .. so didn't bother.. the 20% the manager knocked off... just covered what she overcharged me. I did get the Garlic parm wings with a side of Hells Kitchen sauce.. their hottest.. The wings were cooked perfect and the sauce very flavorful. I prefer much hotter wings.. but very good none the less The $1 burgers were good. They get by nickel and diming you charging 50 cents per topping.. But that's fine.. I got mine with Blue cheese and bacon.. so $2 cant be beat. Burger was seasoned well and cooked proper ... nice soft bun. And crispy hot basket of fries So really.. after all the blame the waitress did to the kitchen.. it's the kitchen staff that's having me consider going back.....
R.G. Brewski's has developed into one of my favorite chill spots.  My good friend Sara recommended that I hit this place up.  So one day we went there for lunch and it was delicious.  The atmosphere is very relaxed and laid back.  Great spot to catch a game or hit up for happy hour.   At Brewski's there seems to be something going on.  Whether it is a UFC fight, poker night, or trivia.  This is a place that is filled with great specials as well.  Monday's being my favorite.  It is $1 burger night.  All that is required to take advantage of any of their specials is a drink order. The food is good.  I have had their wings, club sandwich, tater tots, friend pickles, quesadillas, and their burgers.  All of which are especially delicious.  Even their sauces are good.  They make their own Bleu Cheese and they have their signature sauce called the Brewski sauce.  Which tastes like the sauce that accompanies the Bloomin Onion at Outback. Oh did I mention that this place carries Sailor Jerry rum.  Umm hells yeah!! WeatherMan Predicts: Strong chance of cheap eats and booze.  Likelihood of a Happy Hour front coming through bringing nothing but drink and appetizer specials.
I went here to watch a baseball game, since they have the MLB package. (Thumbs up!)  I purchased a cider (the only decent thing they had on tap) and a fish entree. The mahi mahi was pretty awful and the veggies were drowning in butter, but hey...it's bar food.  The cider was much more expensive than most of the places I normally go, and there weren't any happy hour deals, specials, etc.   The highlight of my dining/bar experience was listening to the drunk guys at 1:00 in the afternoon try to hit on the bartender.  And my team won.  I guess that says enough about the restaurant, huh?
How can I not be a fan of a restaurant/bar that wholeheartedly supports the Steelers! Sue me cause I'm a little biased on this place but us transplanted Steelers have to stay together. Aside from them being Steelers fans, Brewskis offers good food and a good atmosphere. This is the perfect laid-back place to hang out with your sports team, good friends or anyone else you want to spend some time with. They have a great selection of beer and yummy food and they even have a GREAT Monday deal - I won't spoil the surprise, check them out on Monday night to find out what it is. Overall, I love this place whether I'm going after an intense volleyball match or to cheer on the Steelers.
2nd visit here of many thanks to Andrew, the kitchen manager! He made it a point to check on us, seat us, cook, inform us of specials, and talked us into returning! He asked us what we liked and how to improve. We will most certainly return thanks to his hospitality.
Ive really gotten to enjoy my lunches here at RG Brewski's. Great .99 burgers on mondays and also a great Asian shrimp salad. Great atmosphere as well.
RG Brewskis is a pretty solid location for getting some good eats and drinks! I went here last night for a Relay for Life event and I had a great time. We sat at a high top in the bar section. The servers were great and even though they were kind of busy, we didn't have to wait long for anything. I ordered the burger and tots. The burger had a ton of flavor and was cooked perfectly. I have to say I rather enjoyed it! (The tots were a fantastic addition too). =) They have a ton of really great happy hour deals, appetizers $2, $2-3 drinks, including wines and drafts...everyone likes a good deal! Wednesdays they have poker at 8:30 too! One of the managers, Adam, was around quite often to just check up on everyone and have a conversation. Very nice guy. Overall, great first experience here. Would definitely go back.
A cool local spot ... very accommodating .. good food and fun bingo nights! definitely recommend for a low-key night ... great happy hour bogo deals!!!
I hang out here when I want to drink mass quantities of cerveza. It's a Steelers joint, but I've never been here for a game. They have a Pittsburgh Special deal -- if you can eat about a whole side of beef in five minutes, you don't have to pay for it. (A bit of hyperbole but I don't remember the exact deal.) Not very busy at lunch. I've been here a few times for dinner, and it tends to be more crowded at that time. On Saturdays they used to have an Ohio State crowd. Don't know whether that's still the case. I find the food to be fine, and the waitresses to be cute and attentive if you chat them up a bit. Of course, being a decent tipper and being friendly doesn't hurt in that regard, especially when one is half in the bag. Never had any complaints about the food, which is rather ordinary sports bar fare with a couple of gimmicks like Cajun tater tots. They also have the "Pittsburgh It" option, which is a rip-off of Primanti's -- you can order sandwiches with the fries and cole slaw crammed inside. Sounds disgusting, but Pittsburghers appreciate it. Sometimes, you just want a place that's comfortable and casual; this place fits the bill.
Love this place! I do agree with the other review, it is kind of hidden, but do yourself a favor and go! Love the atmosphere, food and the service, very relaxing and laid back!!
This place has really come down so much in a year. We visit this place only during football season because it's a Steeler bar. The food is not as good, the service is horrible (waiting 10 minutes to get a server, 20 minutes for our server to bring us our check). We will not be back next football season. We will be finding a new Steeler bar and saying good bye to R.G Brewski's.
Been here a couple of times & really enjoyed it. This is a laid-back sports bar/restaurant - you can feel comfortable bringing your children here and enjoying a game and relaxing. This is totally unlike The Friendly Confines in Lake Mary, which was an absolute circus and embarrassment the last time I was there. The times I've been here, I visited to watch football ... and it didn't even feel like the people I was with and I were watching a football game we were really into since it's not the kind of place at which you do any yelling, cursing or anything like that. Really good & friendly atmosphere with great service and excellent food. I was just made aware of the $1 hamburgers on Mondays (all day long, supposedly!), which has got me rethinking my decision to not eat red meat anymore! Never had a hamburger here, so I was thinking they might not be all that special since they're only $1 on Mondays ... however, the previous reviews indicate otherwise. Tempting! Not sure I'll make it in anytime soon since I don't live close-by anymore and football's a week+change away from being over until September. However, you never know! I guess time will tell. This might be my new spot for football next season. There's some good eatin' over this way, what with Broadway Pizza, the Fresh Market store, Carrabba's and Outback all along this stretch of S.R. 434. Too bad that Friendly's shut down, though. :(
I have been go to RG Brewski's since it has opened and the food has always been good as well as the service. The staff is very friendly and helpful. There is plenty to do for the family, games for the kids, poker or darts for the adults and great drinks for all. There is always something to look at on there many TV's. The manager that works at night is very helpful and makes his way around the restaurant talking to everyone. My wife did not like the way her burger was cooked and he made it right with a smile. I am getting ready to have my wifes 50th B-day party there which is where all of our friends go. If you want to have a good time with good food in a relaxed atmosphere then look no further. Go RG Brewski's
Been there three times already and we worked through most of the appetizers already. It's nice that they have an option for half orders of an app, so you may give more a whirl. The sirloin tip sandwich is good, and service is always pleasant and prompt.
Such a great place for fun and drinks
