For a more upscale more, the Mall of Millenia will not disappoint.  To help save some money, pick up a coupon booklet at the Guest Services Desk.  It is free and it helps save a few dollars here and there.
Love this mall, love to shop, love to eat, love to sit & watch people. I always visit this mall when I am in Orlando.
I cannot think of a single negative thing to say about this mall. Great shopping, clean, pretty much perfect.
My favorite mall. It is clean and has an awesome selection of stores. It has everything you need from clothing and department stores to cell phone dealers. The food court has a great selection as well, even has a California Pizza Kitchen, Cheesecake Factory and Brio Tuscan Grille!
Great Mall with some bespoke stores that are not in Florida Mall and has some great food
What can I say..... My favorite mall so far.
The best mall that i have seen in terms of quality.
I was slightly disappointed by this mall. It has all the designer stores under one roof which is any womans dream but when you compare prices to the outlet malls then there is no comparisson. The mall itself is very well designed and stylish and the Louis Vuitton shop is a must to visit and lucklily I managed to purchase what I wanted, however no real savings are to be made compared to home so I would suggest buying any high value purchases at home and not here. The mall was very quite when we were there so if you want to avoid the crowds then go first thing in the morning.
i have to agree with Cristina V, this place is beautiful i remember when it was being built it was supposed to be the nicest, cleanest, most beautiful mall in Orlando and i do think that they lived up to there standards,  I still think Gardens Mall across the street is better, possibly b/c they have the same stores, GUCCI, LOUIS VUITTON, CHANEL, TIFFANY, all the goodies any girl would love to shop in this mall is nice and in a convient location if your visiting the greater Orlando area its off the Conroy exit on I-4 close to Universal and Sea World so you can take the kids to the theme parks one day and go shopping the next that way every one is happy and then your probably spent out but you had a great family vacation
Great mall
One of the best malls in the country. Great stores with wonderful selections and a lot of good food choices when you need to take a break from shopping. Nearby are additional good stores and restaurants. Love this mall. Very clean and great, up-beat atmosphere (music).
hands down this is the best mall in orlando, fl...  lots of high end shops...  fairly new mall that offers the consumers a great place to shop and hang out...  h-100...
Loved it!! They had all the designer labels and the mall was beautiful, clean and much nice than any of the malls in the DC metro area.  :)  Hopefully, I can return someday to shop the $$$$ boutiques!
very nice mall but its more for the folks with lots of money to spare.
this mall has everything!
This mall is a mall goers paradise! My second favorite mall I've had the pleasure of shopping in second only to Tysons Corner in VA (and really who can beat Tysons?).  It houses something for everyone and is truely an experience. This is the first time I have seen so many high end designers under one gorgeous roof. Chanel, Louie Vuitton, Dior, Gucci, Tiffany and the list goes on. Not to mention their department stores- Bloomies and Neiman Marcus. Check out their website before heading over there so you know what to expect. I had that thing memorized before even moving to Orlando, that's how mouth watering this mall is. Perusing $1000 bags and $200 t shirts as if you just won your first Grammy doesn't have to be in vain though. The other half of this mall is home to every store us regular people could wish for- Banana, Abercrombie, Express, Lacoste, Forever 21, Gap. Plus, non fashion related favorites such as Apple, Sony Style, and Brookstone.  There is even a not to miss Urban Outfitters here where haters and lovers of its unique offerings can go to scoff or squeal accordingly.  And don't fret if you find yourself starved for more than just the latest designer jean. Mall at Millenia has some amazing restaurants of the upper scale chain variety (Brio Tuscan, McCormick and Schmidt) and even the ever popular nightspot Blue Martini. The architecture of this mall is enough to make you want to step foot inside even if you aren't a shopper.  Beautifully decorated with sweeping windows and modern influences complete with a center courtyard engulfed in huge flat screens hung in a circle from the ceiling  projecting a variety of pictures in art show fashion. As malls go, there is really nothing not to like about this mall. Which is why it continues to be a favorite for tourists and Orlando natives alike.
Amazing place to shop in Orlando, avoiding brazilians crazy, as they do in the outlets.
I love shopping in Florida. All my shopping experiences in Florida, with the exception of one store has been a wonderful experience. It seems like a customer is customer I guess since Florida is so diverse with different types of people from all over the world and country that the employees at the boutiques and shops overlook if you are different. I walked in the Gucci store and was greeted and treated so well. I was helped with smile from the time I walked in, made my purchase and walked out. An experience that was always intimidating in another state I lived. I can walk into any specialty, upscale store and be treated like a customer. The mall is beautiful, valet parking is wonderful, the landscape is BEAUTIFUL. If you are lucky you will definitely walk pass someone you mightve seen on TV.
If we lived in Orlando, this would be our mall of choice. All of the premium brands located under one roof. The center area of the mall has plenty of activities. On this visit it was fashion week so we were able to enjoy some high fashion. If I had to make a complaint, I would request more benches for me to sit on while my wife spends her time inside the shops. Either way we will return to this location.
This mall is very upscale. My dad always said that this was a mall where patrons dress up to come buy clothes to dress up. It's a never-ending cycle! Although high-priced and upscale, I think this mall really is great. The cleanliness is usually to a higher standard than other malls and the customer service is usually much better than elsewhere. Sometimes, I come to this mall to shop even when it's out of my way, because I get treated better.
When I go to Mall at Millenia I am usually there for something specific. I am the kind of shopper who tends to go online, figure out what I want and then run to the store to grab it. My Millenia Mall parking strategy is this: I park in the lot on the back side of the mall closest to the Crate & Barrel store (near Bloomingdales). There is an entrance here (where you don't have to walk through a department store) and there is always available parking. Plus there is less traffic on the back side of the mall. The only exception is if I am going to Blue Martini or the restaurants by the main entrance (when I won't actually be going into the mall) then I will hunt for parking on the front side (and by the time I park I am SO ready for a martini). While most of my visits to the mall are for either the Apple Genius bar or to purchase something specific, I make an exception for Christmas. Even though the mall is a complete madhouse during the holidays I would still suggest stopping in just to check out the Christmas decorations. They are really cool.
Millenia Mall is awesome I love u it's not as big as Aventura but it's huge.Its a two story mall that has mostly a lot of restaurant more than stars.There's a Macy's,Bloomingdales, and Neiman MARCUS here but there's a Cheesecake Factory,Brio and PF Changs and food court is humongous.The mall is very nice and gorgeous with a friendly staff love this mall
Mall At Millenia is a very clean upscale mall.One of the nicest malls in the country. I heard there are many celebrities that shop there too. Even the food court is very clean at all times.It is a top rated mall.
Wow, nice mall! As a small-town-type (we count our towns out here by number of Walmarts), I am pretty easily wowed by the glitz and glamor of the "Big City" (fun to visit, but take me home country roads), so I was definitely impressed with this mall and the quality of shopping available. I grew up near a small three-anchor-store mall, and have lived in towns where the nearest mall was 50 miles away, but have also been to malls in bigger cities like Atlanta and Birmingham/Hoover. This mall is by far the nicest I've been to. This was the first time I'd ever seen a Bloomingdale's or Neiman Marcus, so that was cool. Plenty of nice smaller stores from Brooks Brothers, Burberry,  and Lacoste to Apple and Microsoft. Also good to see an Allen Edmond store where the shoes weren't factory seconds. There is also a sizable food court that was doing steady business during our visit.  Other anchor stores include a Macy's and a Sears (just kidding! nobody who shops here needs a lawnmower!!). In sum, a very nice mall, and, since we were just next door at IKEA, very glad to have accidentally discovered this mall and popped in. That being said, I don't even like shopping at the malls around here. After so many years of bargain-hunting I'd feel like a downright sucker if I dropped $80 on a Lacoste polo or $125+ on a Brooks Brothers dress shirt(you are getting into MTM-price-range at that point), let alone buy that $400 men's Burberry jacket at Bloomingdale's. So bottom line: If you are an average lower-middle-class American, you are going to find shopping at the Mall at Millenia really stings in the pocketbook region. If you are one of the fictional Miami doctors on Nip/Tuck or Mitt Romney, you will really like how far your dollar stretches at this shopping paradise. But do check it out either way. Everyone can afford some nuggets from Chick-Fil-A!
Beautiful mall. Upscale stores. Awesome shopping experience. However I do not recommend the Italian Bistro just inside the main entrance. Sux!
PLEASE READ THIS IF YOU ARE A TOURIST SHOPPING: Due to recent crimes surrounding the Mall at Millenia area. A fair warning, Orlando is like any other city. Cities have crimes and criminals are starting to take notice that the Mall at Millenia has luxury stores with international clientele willing to spend. THINK TWICE before carrying your purchases out in your car because you are feeling tired with all the bag holding. It is not WISE to carry your luxury purchases out to your car and for you to "hide" your items in your trunk or backseat. YOU ARE NOT BEING CLEVER. Criminals are in the area and will BREAK into your vehicle to access them. It takes them 30 seconds to break in and leave the area, they do not care if there are witnesses. It does not matter that there are Mall "Security" driving around in the parking lot, they provide a false sense of "security". Worse case (and this has happened recently), they will follow your vehicle after you leave the mall. If you suspect someone is following you, please use your common sense and do not drive directly to where you are staying at. Drive a complicated route. Take items out of vehicle immediately and lock them up. DO NOT DROP OFF ITEMS INTO YOUR CAR AND RETURN INTO MALL TO DO MORE SHOPPING. ONLY RETURN TO YOUR CAR AFTER YOU ARE COMPLETELY READY TO LEAVE THE MALL.
This is the one and only five star mall in Orlando, although, truth be told, it didn't have much competition. First, this mall exudes "upper class." The interior is nearly spotless, very bright, and well designed. I'm pretty sure this mall has won an award for its design or lighting, and it deserves it. Very well put together and nice to shop in thanks to that. Second, the tenants offer a wide array of shopping. I personally come here for the J. Crew most of the time, and my mother comes for the Anthropologie, but they also have less expensive stores like Forever XXI, Gap, or American Eagle. However, they also have the high end (we're talkin' boutique here, people) stores like Chanel, Burberry (which is the best of the bunch, in my opinion), Salvatore Ferragamo, and Prada. There are also specialty stores like Crate and Barrel or Godiva Chocolatiers. There's such a great collection it's just amazing, and they are all clean and organized! (Final note about stores; the anchors are Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdales, and Macy's.) And food... It's not just your boring and drab food court, they have a Panera, California Pizza Kitchen, and a Chipotle. There's also fast food-esque eateries as well. And, if you want an actual, non-food court restaurant, they have Cheesecake Factory, Capital Grille, and Brio. Great collection here as well, especially with the restaurants surrounding the mall. However, not all is peachy. Sometimes this mall is stupid busy, like no parking space busy. It's a small complaint as you can come around another time, but alas.
The interior design of the store is beautiful, but had a bad experience with customer service today. Just bought a new windows phone this afternoon. My previous SIM card is not fit for the new phone. And they did nothing for it just asked us go to Att store to activate ourselves. Their customer service seems do not care about their customers. Anyway, I called the customer number on the back of the phone which turn out is not working. Then,I went to Att store nearby, wait inline for couple hours to solve the problem.
If you needed an excuse to come here the use the cheesecake factory. Lots of upscale shops plus the major chains. There are bargains to be had here. More upscale than Florida mall and a food court to suit all tastes
SOOO many stores... Lots of walking. Plan on that being your exercise for the day, b/c you won't need much more after that! This mall is massive. Usually pretty busy, I assume because it's very touristy is that part of town. Traffic around the mall is usually pretty bad, do not even try around rush hour! Parking is a pain and you'll have to park pretty far usually. Massive food court so you'll have plenty of choices. Better bring your money though, there's so many stores that it's hard to get out of there without breaking the bank!
This is the mall you want to go to. If you are looking for a great shopping experience than this is the one. Yes it is upscale and expensive, but don't let that deter you from a great time. By far the most pleasant and elegant mall in Central Florida. It is also surrounded by many other great businesses, so I highly recommend. Hard to find parking during the busier times of year, and not due to lack of space. That's just because of how busy it gets.
Lots of good stores. Not too big. Definitely upscale. Good if you have half a day to kill in Orlando.
This place is way out of the price range for the average Orlandoan. Luxury stores line the walkways, advertising goods that range from a months to a years pay for most people. This place mainly caters to teenagers of the wealthy locals, socialites, and tourists...oh the tourists. It is always a nightmare to park in and uncomfortably crowded. I come here for the food court, as it is only a short distance from the county jail, on days when I am visiting clients. Mmm, chipotle.
I work at this mall and also live next door at Millenia 700. One of the best malls in my opinion. You have all the top brands, from Forever 21 to Versace. The interior is gorgeous and very clean, they do all kinds of fashion events and fundraisers often in the central part of the mall. Most mall food courts suck but Millenia's is great. and actually offer healthy choices. My only complaint is not about the mall but some of the tourists who come in looking for discounts. People, Millenia Mall is considered a high end luxury mall, please don't come in asking for discounts, it makes you look incredibly cheap and just stupid overall. If you're looking for discounts, then I suggest marching your cheap asses to the outlet mall on International Drive which is right around the corner...
Expensive, but nice. Waited an hour to get a picture with a great looking Santa!
Very nice mall. Very busy. great selection of high end store. This is not target, it's Bloomingdales, and if you get that you will love this mall. Nice food court, lots of choices and seating. Clean bathrooms & family bathroom area.
When I first set foot in Mall at Millenia years ago, I thought the high-end status would never work. Fast forward a decade, and it is the best mall in central Florida by far, and my personal favorite. The mall is well laid out, with a single path...none of this looping around or dog-leg offshoot forcing you to repeat your steps. The overall decor is very classy, clean, and modern. There are no tacky kiosks anywhere, no playgrounds or coin-operated rides either.  There is plenty of seating to be found throughout the mall and even the food court. The store selection is very good, ranging from the upper-mid to high-end range. I don't often enjoy shopping in malls, but Mall at Millenia is the rare exception.
Me and my family love this mall. It is by far the best mall in Florida. It has low end to very high end stores. Come check it out for yourself you will love it too!!!
L-O-V-E this mall!  I call this the classy mall of Orlando, and it's just that. Lots of open space, which is a plus for me cause I hate feeling cramped and seeing huge crowds. I always come to this mall, and it's nice to stroll and window shop (which never happens, I always end up buying something :P) They provide a lot of the high end stores that you won't see anywhere else, along with other stores that may be harder to find in local malls.  Don't expect this mall to have every store, but they provide a good selection of what other malls have as well. The food court has a good selection and a number of restaurants that are located around the mall as well.  For all you starbucks addicts, there are 2, yes 2 shops in here.   Happy shopping! Don't spend toooo much ;)
If you know me, then you know I love a mall! This mall, mixed with this awesome Florida weather is just........ Everything! I was with the "Dream Team" aka my Mom and Grandmother so that meant stopping in almost every store. We started at Bloomingdale's and we were there for about 30 minutes because I'm a new Aunt and my Mom is a first time Grandmother. We were in the infant section buying my niece the cutest onesies!!!!! After we left the store we visited the H&M and I spent about 30 minutes in there. My Grandmother was lost for a while, but we later realized she'd wandered to the Food Court, which has good food choices. They have a P.F. Chang's and Cheesecake Factory!!!! This mall is huge and has a number of high-end stores like Prada, Burberry, Rolex and Tiffany & Co. to name a few. But no worries! If you aren't looking to spend that type of loot, there are plenty of other affordable choices. One of my favorite stores is Aldo. Aldo has great shoes and handbags! Most of the stores were having sales, but the department stores offered the better deals. My visit was in December and the mall was decked. The decor was really nice. They had large ornaments hanging from the ceiling, which is really great if you are a Floridian because the weather doesn't really put me in the Christmas spirit. If you visit the mall with guys, they have good stores for Men. After, they pick up what they need/want; there is plenty of seating throughout the mall. Additionally, we found a spot quickly in the parking area. It was pure luck. The parking lots were crowded. We parked anywhere because the weather was great. This is a very busy area because several other retailers were near. Also, Orlando is a tourist city, so several visitors can be found slowing up traffic. I only wish I had more cash to shop with! We spent a total of 2 hours and 30 minutes in the mall. When my Dad asked what we were doing, we told him bonding. Seriously, we were bonding. Great mall! Pick at store and go bond with your parents!
A beautiful mall located on tourist central, boasting name brand stores and chain restaurants. That's fine, and I understand how many people can be drawn to this mall as it's quite different from the average shopping center seen here in Orlando, but realistically; the common individual can only shop at two or three stores here, unless it's normal to spend $300+ on a dress, well; not normal for me anyway. I would actually come back on a day where I don't have much to do and just browse because after all is said and done it is a nice mall, but like my last visit; I will probably walk out empty handed.
The mall at Millenia was modeled after the Somerset Collection in Troy, Michigan. If you have ever been there then you will understand why I Googled and now know this tidbit of information - it is extremely similar! This is a large, open mall with a ton of lighting and a more upscale feel. There are no kiosks which is a huge plus if like me you hate those, too. High end stores like Chanel are mixed with regular mall fare like The Walking Company, Victorias Secret, Starbucks etc. That is one difference, the stores here are mixed wereas at Somerset there is a North and South part to the mall and the stores are seperated by a walking bridge. The foodcourt has some nice offerings, not just the standard Sbarro and Taco Bell. Maoz Vegetarian, Firehouse subs and Chick fil a are some of the restaurants on site.
How can you not love this mall?!?!  It's the perfect place for a shopanista! (Did I just make up a word?) Some of my friends say it's too high end but they have your lower end stores as well like Forever 21 and most recently H&M.  For those who love to splurge a bit, you have your Bloomingdales, Henri Bendel and Louis Vuitton stores as well (Just to name a few).  Anywho, it's a must I go to this mall every time I visit Orlando.  After a great breakfast at Keke's Breakfast Cafe across the street, walking off the calories at Mall At Millenia is in order.
This is a great place for all your luxurious needs. The mall is always kept impeccably clean, even the restrooms! The location of the mall is easy to find cause its very close to the highway I-4 compared to the Florida Mall, where you have to drive through OBT. The interior design of the mall is beautiful with open sky light and glass railings. Nice ambiance of lighting. Most of the stores that are housed in this mall are brand names and don't have independent boutiques if that is what you're looking for. It has all your major brands from luxurious (Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Cartier, Chanel) to more moderate brands (Express, Aldo, Bath and Body Works). Great place to shop and feel like you're a million bucks!
Bottom line - easily the best mall in central Florida. Millenia provides you with a great mix of high end, luxury stores like Gucci and more everyday shopping stores like Gap and Macy's  The layout of the mall is very nice.  Typically you have plenty of room to move around even when it is packed.  Parking and actually getting in and out of the mall parking lot stinks, but that is pretty typical of malls.   Overall, if you have some serious shopping to do, Millenia should definitely be one of your stops.
This mall is beautiful! I love the layout. I love that it's so huge that it never feels crowded. I also love that they don't have annoying kiosks in where they try to reel you in, like they do in Mexico. They have high end stores plus regular folks stores as well. Something for everyone. My husband loves that there are comfy seats everywhere for him to wait for me. Plus, they have an Apple Store and soon will have a Microsoft store for him to play at as well!
Love this mall. The stores are high end with the best quality of clothing, accessories, shoes, electronics, food, etc. Perfect for a day out with friends or to get all you need for a fun night out!
This mall is pretty good. They have a good mix of high end stores of that's what your into and regular stores that you would find in any other mall. It's really large and offers a few great Restaurants for dining including The Cheesecake Factory and PF Changs among others. It is a tourist spot so you can expect it to be crowded.
The crazy thing I've learned from living in the Orlando area is that you can drive 30 minutes one way and 30 minutes another way and you'll still be in Orlando. I can drive 40 minutes from my place in Cali and be in San Francisco. I never realized just how big Orlando was. Or that it only has two malls. I tend to avoid The Florida Mall because of the waves and waves of tourists. So that leave me with Mall At Millenia. Prior to coming here all my co-workers would tell me how they don't like coming here because it's so upscale and yadayadaya. But to be honest, I'm not impressed with this place. There is no Lush, there's no Sephora, and there isn't really a wide verity of places to eat. Sure there's Panera Bread and Chipotle and there's a lot of high end clothing stores but beyond that there's really nothing else. Maybe I'm just spoiled when it comes to malls but I don't really see why everyone complains about how upscale this place is. I do love how clean and huge this mall is. The ambiance is relaxing and the bathrooms in the food court are the nicest/cleanest food court bathrooms I've EVER seen and I do like just walking around. I also like how there's an IKEA right next to it and a Target. While I may not be super impressed with the mall, I do like the shopping centers surrounding it!
I love this mall! I may be a little biased though because I used to work here for 4 years- almost 2 years ago!  It still has a soft spot in my heart though. :) The mall is beautiful!  Probably one of the prettier malls I've ever been to.  I was always so used to seeing tourists taking photos inside and outside the mall and I understand why!  Parking can be a pain in the rear but do yourself a favor and steer AWAY from the front of the mall. Park in the back near Bloomingdales or the Food Court. Not as much traffic and so much easier to maneuver out of! You can thank me later!! :).   One of the things I love about this mall is that there are NO kiosks. No one hassling you to straighten your hair or clean your jewelry. It's a stress free shopping area with 2 Starbucks!! :).  It has become more high end over the years and a lot of the stores I remember being there are long gone due to increases in rent. Which is a bummer but on the bright side, makes room for a brand new store! This is a Mecca for tourists so don't be surprised to see groups and groups of people in the same colored shirts shopping. More than likely, they're with a tourist group! :).  They are great business for the local economy!! The food choices are better than most. The food court has some popular options like Chipotle, Johnny Rockets, Chick FilA, Panera Bread, and Firehouse Subs. If you're looking for a sit down restaurant, there is also CPK, Brio, Cheesecake Factor, PF Changs and Capital Grill. For snacking, Haagen Dazs, Great American Cookie Co., Pinkberry and 2 Starbucks!! Also the concierge does international money exchange so keep that in mind for out of town guests. There is also a Post Office on the ground floor in the hallway on the right of Banana Republic. Not sure on the hours but if you have a letter to drop off there are drop slots available. The anchor stores are Macy's, Neiman Marcus and Bloomingdales. Macy's is my go to department store. Their handbag selection is amazing. Sunglass Hut also runs the sunglasses section in this store as well. I love this mall very much. It could easily be a one day outing but  thankfully I have some self control! :)
On the more expensive side of things when it comes to the malls in Orlando, but it's great! Fantastic stores, very clean, nice restaurants! Nobody can go wrong with the Cheesecake Factory! The area itself around the Mall is very nice to walk around and stay busy. It's close enough to I-drive for any of you who are visiting Orlando.
Ah, I could spend all day here.  It's probably a good thing I don't live in the Orlando area.  It's a beautiful bright mall with lots of nice of designer stores to spend  your money at.  The food court has a variety of eateries to choose from and it's very clean.  The parking is a pain in the ass, but that's how it is everywhere in Orlando.  Or should I say at every mall?  I can only imagine what it looks like during the holidays.  It is probably gorgeous.  Looks like I'll be heading back there when I make an appearance in the area again.
This is my favorite indoor mall and Im not a huge "Mall" kinda guy.  It's very clean. and well thought out. The holiday decorations are classy. The stores in this mall are great too. You have the apple store, microsoft store, and many others. Note:  This mall is a tourist hot spot!  So, beware when coming here. It's always very busy and be cautious in the parking lot for crazy drivers. Safety: This mall has tons of security roving around both inside and outside. I feel safe going here.
Really aesthetically pleasing, well laid out mall. It's more upscale so don't expect to find many budget friendly deals or annoying kiosks selling $10 items for 5 times the price. There is so much natural light that pours into the mall that you feel as if you're in a bright open space (which only adds to the pleasure of mall shopping for me :) There is definitely no shortage of upscale retailers and the food court has some great offerings (as far as mall food courts go). It's a great place to spend a few hours window shopping or find a special item for yourself (or someone else). I am in Florida a few times a year and when in the Orlando area this is a place I typically visit and it is VERY much unlike any mall experience that is locally near me. A little magical :)
A beautiful mall with gorgeous fountains and lighting, etc. Just a pretty place to walk in. Great selection of stores and it had this very relaxed sort of vibe that sometimes big malls lack with their crowds of people roaming through. I loved the conceirge people at the mall and the beautiful little details that really set this mall apart. The selection of stores is wonderful and yes, you will want to spend more money than you have!
I love this mall.  This place has it all! First, let's state the obvious.  This is an upscale mall.   They have some cool stores and even the food court has some pretty good options. There is plenty of parking and the area around the mall has some pretty good restaurants if you don't feel like eating in the food court. The best part: No stupid kiosks...
Biggest mall I've ever been in...unfortunately I came here after IKEA so my energy was sapped. I did notice an Apple store and a Microsoft store, what a treat. I guess if you live here you may take this place for granted, trust me it really is nice. Very clean and a great variety of shops, something for everyone! The drive from the UCF campus area was about 20 minutes and easy to navigate, so I'll be back and ready to spend a long day and probably too much money :)
The finest mall in all of Orlando. Don't let it fool you though, as with that title you will most definitely be paying for it! Located off of I4 on the West side of town, this mall exhibits all the ritzyness anyone could ever dream of. With stores such as Neimun Marcus and Tiffany's you will soon get the idea that along with the beauty of this place it can get pretty pricey if you shop here for too long! The mall offers all the upscale offerings one could hope for and caters to those. It's luxury at its best! It's well designed and offers a great view for those who want to window shop and stroll through this place. The parking can become very cumbersome so I suggest you go to Bloomingdales and park there as that is the furthest access point from I4 but also the easiest to find a spot! The entire area near this mall is booming with tons of restuarants and shops that I will say that this mall is definitely my favorite!
Awesome mall - clean, spacious, modern and really filled with terrific & unique stores - Lululemon, Neiman Marcus, IKEA,  Diesel, Lucky, True Religion, 7 for all Mankind, Apple, etc. Macy's sales are usually quite good. The downside- parking stinks and their wifi sucks too. It takes forever to get a signal and half the places can't be checked into. Improving their wifi could make it even more pleasant     Traffic is a bear around the mall - be patient.
Beautiful and luxurious. Nice just  to stroll. Lots of expensive stores.
Christmas Edition: As far as Santa goes, this is our favorite Santa in Orlando. We waited approximately 45 minutes to see him this year which isn't bad considering we have waited close to 2 hours other years. The photographers take multiple pictures, about 25-30 and you can purchase them all on one CD for about $50. You can reproduce them without that annoying release. The Millenia Mall is beautifully decorated and it gives you that warm and fuzzy holiday spirit.
One of my favorite malls for sure..its big, clean, and has a WIDE variety of shops and stores. You'll find everything from Boutique to High-End stores. The mall is colorful and happy! Definitely a nice place to spend the day shopping and grab lunch while you're at it... There are a few restaurants + food courts.. It can get very busy during the holidays, but what mall doesnt! Would definitely recommend if you're in the area! BONUS POINTS for Valet And the Blue Martini :)
Love it!  Why only 4 out of 5 * if I love it?  Because I like the HUGE malls up north.  However, this mall is awesome and not overwhelming in the least. It is certainly Orlando's "Finest" mall in size, beauty and top notch selection.  It is just a beautiful location and a pleasure to walk around in.  It is not the closest mall or most convenient for me but I always find my way over there because I love the experience.   The mall is very open and always clean.  The clientele are a mix between upscale shoppers, locals and tourists because of the location...close to Disney and Universal as well as near Downtown Central Florida.  It is also around other amazing shopping locations, like IKEA and 3 other entire separate shopping plazas including Target, DSW etc.   Parking tip, right side of Macy's or left side - Mall entrance near the AnF, always front row parking. (can't believe i just gave you my secrets) =) If I no longer find my spot...i will never speak my secrets again. Just Sayin! LOL.   I am not a big baller so don't get me wrong, I don't go to shop Tiffany, Gucci, Chanel etc...I wouldn't mind if I could but I go for the most amazing (an overwhelming) Forever21 in Central FL, Urban Outfitters, Macy's and Lucky.  I also dig the dining options and food court here.  CPK and Brio are my 2 fav.   I love the decorations - helps with feeling seasons in FL!  I also love how large and spacious the mall is, so many windows and tall ceiling gives a feeling of openness even when the mall is full of people.  You never really feel claustrophobic at all.  It's nice! I do miss my malls up north (sigh King of Prussia) but I do love me some Millenia!!
Great Mall! I love everything about this mall. It's beautiful, great restaurants, awesome stores and the best Santa every Christmas! But parking can be a bit of a task during busy times.
Hands down, the best Mall I have ever entered in my entire life!  Being a Material Girl, I could spend all day in Chanel, Dior, Jimmy Choo, Tiffany & CO., etc.  Just wish I had more money!!   In addition to the stores, love the architecture and the atmosphere.  It's a beautiful mall.   I love the food court area; a lot of choices. At this point, I'm just repeating everyone else.  But, I had to put in my 2 cents as well :)
I was last here on December 2nd, 2012, and the parking was very crowded.  It took about ten minutes to find a parking space.  The mall had Christmas decorations all around.  The mall itself wasn't all that crowded as it looked it was going to be. I went there to go to Hollister because they were having a sale.  Come to find out, that location isn't one of the one of the participating locations.  Of course.   I don't think I'll be going back there anytime soon.  I still call this "The Mall of the Rich and Snooty".
I love everything about this mall, although it lacks some stores I think would fit right into this mall - Sephora, H&M!!!  Completing the stars for having IKEA, West Elm, Nordstrom Rack, Anthropologie, bloomingdales... It's not so huge that you get tired trying to get to different stores and then back to finding your car, floors and decor are always in pristine condition and my top most common issue is organization; a bit OCD, I know.  I love that this mall has the "upscale" brand stores together in one spot, the more causal stores in another and the food court and restaurants in a central location.  A+ for organization, cleanliness and modern open feel. One of the nicest (indoor) malls I've ever seen.  This is by far my favorite mall in Orlando!
The classiest mall in town The Mall at millenia is definitely a mall you have to "dress" up to go to. With stores like Gucci, Neiman Marcus and a food court with the Cheesecake factory in it, you can understand why.Still for being such a classy mall this place is pretty fun to walk around. The Good: Looks Matter: Mall at Millenia has to be one of the best looking malls I have ever been to. They have some amazing sculptures and fountains interwoven into the hallways, and I really enjoyed looking at some of them. There are also plenty of plush couches to sit on, and the whole place feels very inviting. The Bad: I can't afford ANYTHING: This place has what we like to call "ultra-high -end" stores, so don't be suprised if you get here and can't actually spend anything. I mean if you are on a budget, this place is probably your enemy. But, iif you're coolwith just browsing (or perusing the clearance rack) Mall at Millenia can still be quite fun to troll through. Overall 6,1/10= How the other half lives (and shops!)
All my favorite stores in one place! What could be better???
My wife and I had to check this place out for one reason only; the tour person at our hotel (not a 5 star hotel thats for sure) told us that there was a dress code to get in this place. Are you serious! This was unprecedented in my opinion and I had to corroborate this claim. While on vacation in Orlando we had planned for a shopping day. This was to hit the outlet malls and this "dress code" mall. I purposely didn't dress like I was going to the club for this place because I wanted to get kicked out. Mall at Millenia was our last destination. I was disappointed. Not because of the stores, but because I never got kicked out. I think I can understand the claim that was made. This mall is full of extremely high end apparel and anyone who is not in the upper middle class at the very least may feel out of place here. I wasn't expecting the stores that I saw in there Mont Blanc, Gucci, Luis Vuitton, Cartier, Fendi, Burberry, Boss all located right smack in the middle of the mall. On the ends you have Macy's and Nieman Marcus. Fortunately there were some other stores in there that doesn't require you to carry around a $1000 bill in your pocket. There is Guess and a couple other stores that you would find in other good malls. As another reviewer commented, it was very amusing being on the 2nd floor Starbucks to get a coffee, walking out of the store and looking down on the 1st level only to see another Starbucks. I guess that escalator is too far away for those hankering for a coffee. My only gripe about this mall is that this mall is pretty small, and it seems like all these high end stores only sell women's shoes and handbags. I guess maybe I didn't bother looking to hard because I wasn't buying anything anyways.
I think this is the best mall in the area. Yes, it's big and gets crowded but it's one of the few places I'll go to "shop", esp. when I need and outfit or gift for a specific occasion. The Millenia Macy's is my favorite in the area, we registered here for our wedding and every department has just about everything that is offered online. There is a wide selection of ultra premium brands mixed in with your regular nice mall type stores. I love the Crate and Barrel, Bloomies, Williams Sonoma, Anthropologie, Coach, Apple.... The Tiffany's has nice sales people and if they cannot fix your item or service it in-store, they'll ship it off to NY. There is a great Starbucks next to the food court, good California Pizza Kitchen located at the edge of the food court. The outside restaurants at the front of the building are all nice options if you don't want to hit the food court. (Brio, McCormick and Shmidts and PF Changs) On my most recent visit, I noticed Z Gallerie was no longer on the top level, too bad. The mall is spacious, clean and though it's been here for more than a few years, still looks new. Considering the foot traffic this mall sees, that is saying something. Christmas time is always fun to check out the decorations. Parking can get crowded in the front by the restaurants and the main anchors, but swing around back and there is always plenty of parking by the Crate and Barrel or California Pizza Kitchen.
Love this mall!! People are really nice and friendly and the mall is modern and beautiful.
This mall is a MUST SHOP place! I make it a "to-do" on every trip to Orlando.  I spent most of my time this trip at Bloomingdales!  The service is impeccable and the options for clothing, shoes, and accessories are endless!  Make sure you stop by Dylan's candy on the way out! The mall also hosts events in the center atrium.  A couple of weeks ago MAC make-up launched 4 new make up lines by the Disney villains (the evil queen, carilla deville, dr. facilier, and maleficus) in the center of the mall.   The location is very conveinent.  It is right off of I-4 and can be seen from the interstate.  There are also great restaurants and Ikea within walking/driving distance of the mall. The shops at Millenia range from moderate to expensive but this mall will leave you feeling like you have shopped in NYC or Chicago!
I've been to the Mall At Millenia. It's what you expect of a high end mall. 3 words to describe the place - Chic, high-end, and clean. I like the mall because they have an Apple Computers store there and it's next to IKEA.
This is a really well thought out mall. The bloomingdales here is large, and very clean.  The food court offers a lot of options, (not just fast food) and the mall itself is home to many larger family style eateries like Brio, PF Changs, CPK... There are no annoying kiosks in the center trying to sell you a miracle salt cream from the dead sea, or spinning helicopters.  The layout is welcoming, and the air smells really clean. Something for everyone, its not just a high end mall.  Yes they have Tiffany's and Burberry, Gucci, and Neiman Marcus (who doesnt take visa!) but they also have a large GAP, and Potterybarn, Z Gallerie, Abercombie, Pac Sun, Nine West, and TWO... yes TWO starbucks.  One up stairs by the food court, and one downstairs by the escalators. Loads of parking.  This mall is a definite go to whenever I'm in orlando.   Oh yea they totally built up all around it too.. Ikea, Benz, Planet Smoothie, Pei Wei (or is it panda express?)... medspas.. its a great way to kill an afternoon and your wallet.
Aesthetically speaking this place rocks.  It' s bright, beautiful and clean.  Love the water, the food court area, and the center attraction area. That being said, all I do is walk around in this mall.  I do not feel worthy to enter most of the stores.   (now that I've said this, I MUST enter all the pretentious stores and breathe on their precious merchandise. . .hell, I might even try some on!) I really only shop at Forever XXI, Claire's, Hallmark, and the Gap.  I walk through Macy's because I have to in order to get to my car.  The restaurants seem cool, and there is Blue Martini, which has yet to experience me.   So, there are still stories to be written at the Mall of Millenia.   Watch out!!!
16/31 Came to this mall and its big and super nice looking.  The place is clean and looks...well, expensive! haha and that goes to show by the type of shops they have here.  Mostly expensive shops for that matter.  Lots of name brand and designer stores for any taste.  Its very spacious and they have benches/areas to sit.  They also have a good selection of places to eat at their food court.  There is also a lot of parking around the mall.  Overall, the shops here are just a tad bit expensive for my taste :-P.
Orlando's upscale shopping destination.  The Mall at Millenia was built in 2002 and contains some of the most beautiful mall architecture that I have seen. I've heard that the mall carries a $1B inventory.  If that's true, that's ridiculous, but I guess 3 Gucci purses is already pushing $1M, so it's plausible.   It's REALLY nice.  You can tell that  a lot of people dress in their trendiest attire just to walk around here.  Lots of cougars prowling about, as well as the younger crowd. For women with expensive tastes, and the bank account to back it up, you will probably love this place.  For guys that aren't obsessed with fashion,  there is nothing here for us.  It's all clothes, and one small electronics store.  No central area to let your kids play either.  I enjoy walking about here and people watching, but I can't see myself spending a dime outside of the food court.   Traffic can be an absolute nightmare.  I spent  at least 20 minutes exiting I-4 and trying to find a parking spot.  If it's raining in Orlando, you can bet that the malls will be twice as crowded as theme park patrons head for indoor venues.
I'm not a mall rat -- I'd rather be strolling Park Avenue.  But as shopping malls go, this one is a real treat.  One of the five most profitable malls in the country, no noticeable corners were cut to make this a delight to visit.  The works of art, such as "Orchid" outside Neiman-Marcus, are beautiful. There's plenty of seating if you're pooped out.  In the very center of the mall, the circle of movie screens are a visual and aural treat. There are decorative touches that mostly go unnoticed unless you are just on the lookout for them.  And during the holidays the Christmas tree at the main entrance is impressive! The shops range from affordable to way-too-much-for-my-wallet.  My favorites are the Apple Store and the third floor of Bloomie's.  The only thing that bugs me is that they deliberately misspelled Millennia, causing most everything else around to be misspelled as well!  What, they couldn't afford that extra N?
Ok at first sight, this mall is AMAZING! After shopping around here twice, I felt like this mall really needed a Nordstrom...especially if this mall was going for the "mall of the 21st century" sorta feel! They have Forever 21 and Urban Outfitters and a bunch of designer/high end stores....but their selection of things is really limited! Considering it is a big mall, I expected way more! Didn't really buy much here because there wasn't much to choose from. The mall feels aquatic-like and is really pretty!
Beautiful mall with several upscale stores (Bloomies, Nieman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany & Co., Chanel, Gucci, Ferragamo, and more) as well as yummy restaurants.  There are also a number of great shops and restaurants in the surrounding area. Going to Millenia is all about the atmosphere.  Just walking around this mall makes me feel calm, relaxed, and happy.  (Seriously.)
I give this place 5 stars because I'm really sure this is as good as it gets in Florida. However, living in OC, this mall probably would rate lower. We were in Orlando for our Disney World vacation; however, my priority upon arrival was shopping! First, I must say this indoor mall is beautiful. The architecture is great. It made me feel like I was at home. The first place I went into was Bloomie's. I was like "Wow" because it was a decent-sized one... a lot bigger (in my recollection) than the one at Fashion Island. Anyway, I bought a couple of pairs of jeans (a nice souvenir of my Orlando trip) and paid with a credit card. I showed the girl my Driver's License, and immediately, she was like, "Ooh! You're from California?" I nodded my head. Then she asked me, "So, do you see celebrities all the time?" I told her, "No," although one time when we were in Hollywood, I saw Paul Scheer (you know, the balding, gap-toothed guy from Best Week Ever and Human Giant) once. It was just really funny to me. When she gave me my receipt, she also slipped me her business card. Uh... yeah... I'm going to pass this card on to Kobe the next time I see him shopping at Fashion Island. The next place I wanted to go to was Louis Vuitton. It was disappointingly tiny. Then I went to Gucci, and while it was probably bigger than the one in Fashion Valley, the selection was pretty crappy. I did love the Sanrio store, though. It was well-stocked and a lot bigger than the ones I've been to in California. So, big thumbs up to the Mall at Millenia. Thanks to the 6.5% sales tax, I love my jeans even more. Hehe!
This is my mall of choice for the Orlando area, and--confession--one of the reasons I chose to live here. It has a metropolitan yet inviting feel that gave me a great impression of the city. From the moment you walk in you realize it's different than any mall you've been in before. The entire ceiling is made of skylights that bring in a lot of natural light, making it feel open and inviting. It's laid out in a straight line that's easy to navigate. The TV screens in the center add an interesting dynamic. And I haven't even mentioned the stores. This is the place to do your upscale (window?) shopping. Coach, Burberry, Juicy Couture, Jimmy Choo, Bloomingdale's, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, and more. When you feel overwhelmed and broke, make your way to the other side of the mall, where you'll find stores for the rest of us, like Hollister, American Eagle, Gap, Finish Line, and Express. This mall even has Forever 21, Urban Outfitters, the Apple Store, and Anthropologie! The food options are good--Panera Bread, Johnny Rockets, California Pizza Kitchen, Chik Fil A, and some of the standard food court places. If you want to sit-down and relax after a long day of shopping, check out The Cheesecake Factory, P.F. Changs, Brio Tuscan Grille, and more. While you're shopping, get a drink at one of the 2 Starbucks stores (on the first and second floors). If you go to the one on the first floor, say hi to Big Lew for me! Coming here is truly an experience, whether it's to shop, dine, or play. Take it all in. You'll be glad you did!
Traveling through central Florida with my best friend and life partner, we were looking for a Tmobile store to get some accessories for our newly acquired Android phones. Lo and Behold, our GPS landed us at the Mall at Millenia, and what a nice treat that was. Living in South Florida, we really don't have any "real" Malls - they are either too small or huge outlet joints. This place is great, clean, bright, pleasant and with some super cool anchor stores that will be reviewed individually, a good mix of upscale with other more accessible stores there is something for everyone here. An added plus, there are plenty of ubiquitous Starbucks here as well. We ended up strolling around on a very pleasant Monday afternoon and found just about everything we were looking for and with good service to boot.
Best indoor mall in Orlando!!! It has the best stores in town! Millenia is Orlando's "elite" mall! The major anchor stores like bloomingdales, neiman marcus, and macys are what makes it even more amazing. Not to mention the couture stores such as Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, and my personal favorite Salvatore Ferragamo! Ferragamo shoes are to die for (the most comfortable shoes that also look AMAZING!) There are also you mall regular stores such as Forever 21, express, gap, and so forth. Another great thing about this mall is that they have Pottery Barn (kids n regular) and also Crate & Barrel another favorite of mine. The best thing about this mall though is that it is well kept. The common areas are always clean, restrooms very are tidy! Also before anything bad can happen security are there to stop it before it happens (noticed this over all star weekend). Parking is never hard to find as long as your not looking for it at the main entrance.
A great mall that always reminds me of its sister mall in Tampa, International Plaza.  There are no shortages of specialty and high-end retailers to be found.  The layout is traditional and easy to navigate and it offers many of the ritzy chain restaurants to satisfy your hunger brought on by pricey shopping.  The overall appearance and décor of the mall is very upscale and clean and lends to a pleasant shopping experience. The main grip is the traffic to get into and out of the mall along with parking.  Be prepared to pack your patience when looking for parking if you're not willing to valet.
Each time I have been able to attend this mall, I was very happy to be there. The store selection is huge, but mostly caters to upper class and higher expensive living. From your luxury brands to some normal choices such as Hollister and Pac-Sun, many stores and restaurants that are distinctive of high class malls such as the Cheesecake Factory, P.F. Chang's Bistro, and the Apple Store can be found here. I was really surprised when I first saw an Urban Outfitters here, they are standalone in Tampa and I really just love to check out that store, it's so unique and it's actually kind of interesting to see it placed among stores such as Dior and Burberry. The food court looks great and even has a Johnny Rockets on the side, one of my personal favorites from the Citrus Park Mall in Tampa. Even if you can't afford the stuff here, I think It would still be fun to go window shopping in this one. Plus even if you don't want to eat there the mall is surrounding with tons of restaurants in the vicinity.
I have to say this is probably the only mall I don't mind stepping foot in.  I use to enjoy shopping in malls, but I've found shopping in neighborhoods to be much more pleasurable. The Mall at Millenia makes the shopping experience tolerable.  The grounds are ascetically pleasing with the bountiful palm trees and the manicured landscape. I like that I've never had any issues with parking.  If I can get in and out that is a huge bonus for me.  There are a number of entrances that make for easy access. My favorite aspect about the Mall at Mellenia is its size and layout.  It's not overwhelming and the mall is very easy to navigate; two floors that go from one end to the next.  You won't find any crazy corridors or jumbled layout here. You will also find a lot of natural light as you stroll around.  The ceilings are high and the glass brings in the light. I probably won't step foot in most of the high end stores, but there are enough places that I shop to keep me coming back.  They have a nice selection of shops for teens as well. The Mall at Millenia is clean and comfortable.  My husband appreciates the various lounge areas they have.  The food court has good options and the restaurants are nicer chains that are appealing if you're looking to take a shopping break. While I dread going to malls at least I know going to the Mall at Millenia will be a pleasing experience.
A confession: for a supposed "bad-ass" from NY,  I'm afraid of roller coasters and fast rides overall make me queasy. I'm the chick that holds everyone else's bags at the amusement park while they ride something that turns them upside down a few times. Needless to say, I look for other things to do when I'm in Orlando with my fast-ride loving brood. Shopping is always good... This mall is very big and bright- maybe a little too big for my taste, but if you have time to kill, money to burn and enjoy higher end brands- this mall is perfect. For shopping enthusiasts, just as good as a roller coaster. Like everything in Orlando traffic in/out of this place is a bitch, so plan accordingly, spend wisely, and  enjoy!
This is one of the best malls around.  Variety of shops, nice restaurants, beautiful décor, lounge seating scattered around for those that don't want to be there but are forced to go.  I was disappointed that 2 of my favorite stores are not longer there -  Charles David Shoes and Zara...boo
A beautifully designed mall with all the major, expensive brands. I would recommend this mall for an upper scale shopping experience. Located at Interstate 4 and Conroy Road in southwest Orlando, the upscale Mall at Millenia opened in 2002. Spanning 1.2 million square feet, the mall was co-developed by The Forbes Co. and Taubman Co. Its anchor stores are Macy's, Neiman Marcus and Bloomingdale's and it houses such stores as the Apple Store and Louis Vuitton. Good luck in your shopping experience!
The purpose of the Mall at Millenia seems to have been to provide Orlando with a mall that is, overall, more upscale than the Florida Mall (which honestly isn't bad in and of itself) and also to incorporate retailers that appeal to younger consumers and/or have an upscale client base, if not upscale prices (Abercrombie and Fitch, Express, Hollister). Thus, we have the really upscale retailers everyone mentions in connection with this mall such as Gucci and Tiffany's but we also have things like an Urban Outfitters which is noted for not its price-point as much as the diversity of its offerings. (You can spend a king's ransom at Urban Outfitters or you can get out with a pair of jeans at around $50, so there's really something for everyone.) I love Millenia: I don't find it or the service involved here stuffy or snobby in the least. I find it instead to bring together a diverse array of stores in a very inviting, colorful, tropical, Floridian environment. The mall is spotless and parking is ample and an array of other shops have grown up around the outskirts of it, providing even more shopping and dining. Urban Outfitters, Macy's Bloomingdales, Neiman Marcus, and Tiffany's are the main draws for me here, and it's nice that they also have an Apple store, a Vans store, and other assorted retailers you just don't find everywhere. Between Millenia and The Florida Mall Orlando has some very fine shopping and we all should be glad of that because it creates jobs and brings cash into the local economy. Can anyone really be against that even if they don't shop at Gucci every day?
We found this mall only because we searched for the nearest TMobile in the area which happened to be in this mall. From the first step into the side door, as we didn't come in the main entrance, it felt like we were in a Mall in the USA.  (OK, for those of you who would be like ''huh?" - I live in Miami and nothing seems like you are in the USA down here).  It reminded me so much of Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg, IL, but more upscale.  After our business at TMobile, we decided to take a stroll around and shop. The mall itself is absolutely beautiful, the main entrance is very nice, the whole mall is just impeccable.  I began to OOOOO and AHHHH when I saw, Betsey Johnson, Jimmy Choo, Chanel, Burberry, and TIFFANY'S!!!  Of course there are many more designer stores but you get the idea. Great mall with a funny little tidbit.  They have two Starbucks inside the mall kiddie corner from each other - one on the second floor and one on the first.  You can literally stand there and see both.  This is the closest thing to a "Starbucks inside a Starbucks" that I have ever seen.  Both were busy.  Go figure.
Do you like to pay extra for your stuff? Well then this is the mall for you. This place has a lot of the big name brand stores. It's just good to walk around. I wouldn't recommend making any purchases.
It really gets no better for a mall in Orlando than the Mall at Millenia.  The architecture is really outstanding, with walkways over glazed glass, and impressive fountains, they truly make it an experience to be here.  There are many stores that you won't find anywhere else in the local area, most of them high end, but several stores that are in other malls that you have come to love.  It is really not a place to be missed in Central Florida, and with the entire area now filled with awesome shopping (especially Ikea, just around the corner), it really is a destination place to get everything.   As for the awesome parking tip you need to know, just go around back and park in front of Crate & Barrel.  It always looks like cars are lined up to the end there, but it must be employees that park far away.  Once you get close, it is almost guaranteed you will find a space right near the entrance.
Nice mall, high end stores, very comfortable to just walk around or sit to watch people shopping.  There are also some great restaurants if you choose to grab a bite after shopping all day.  By far this is the best mall in Central Florida with valet parking if you choose.
Orlando's high end mall, the Millenia Mall is more upscale than the nearby Florida Mall or Festival Bay. I like the way one half of the mall clusters the higher end stores like Tiffany's, Jimmy Choo, and Louis Vuitton. The other end has more of the stores you find in other malls, like Hallmark, Macy's, Victoria Secrets, etc. The mall is two levels with a food court and some sit down restaurants like P.F. Chang's, Cheesecake Factory and Blue Martini. They have some really cool displays at the holiday time with the best looking Santa Claus in town. The parking and crowds are usually lighter than the Florida mall too but I've noticed more and more tourist groups pushing their way around. For the closest parking avoid the Conroy side where the P.F Chang's is located, parking there sucks. Go around back near the Panera where you can usually find a close spot.
Excellent mall!  I come here every time I visit.  It's modern, has all the up to date fashion lines, and it's just classy!  Hate the crowds, but that goes with the territory.  Did not feel like dropping a mortgage payment this trip so I held myself back, but certainly enjoyed the scenery.
One of the best malls here in the Orlando area! Mall at Millenia has your average stores on one side of the mall and your higher-end stores on the other side. If you're looking for a department store, you'll find a Macy's, Bloomingdale's, and Neiman Marcus. There are plenty of food options in the food court, as well as other chain restaurants located at the entrances of the mall. The mall is super clean, spacious, and just beautiful inside! Come by during the holidays to check out the gorgeous displays all throughout the mall!
I LOVE this mall, and that's saying a lot! Let me preface this by telling you I'm not a shopper. A great day of shopping for me includes a trip to Lowes or Home Depot and perhaps a look at Amazon. (Yes kids, I'm a girl!) BUT the Millenia Mall is such a beautiful place that a mere walk through is enlivening. Even hubby likes it! The shops are quite varied, ranging from Baker's to Burberry. Last time I was there I found Tiffany & Co., Louis Vuitton, Caché and Gucci, among them. The Gap is also there as is Victoria's Secret, Forever 21, and Nine West. Another really great thing about this mall is the food. Not only does it have the usual Chinese food and Chik Fil A, it also houses a wonderful salad joint and a number of dine in places. Additionally, de rigueur staples like Cheesecake Factory and McCormick & Schmick's also grace this galleria Perhaps it's the light airy feeling the domed, skylight roof evokes. Possibly  it's the shops, or the cleanliness. But this is one place I always look forward to shopping.
One of the best malls I've been too.  From designer to well, not so designer, the variety of stores is endless.  Love the layout and the decor.  We didn't even get through the whole thing, we were so tired from the day. I don't remember the name, but there was a stand that sold cookies that were so good, my friends actually went back the next day - bought a big Tupperware box and brought back two dozen cookies.  Let's just say, the cookies didn't make it back home with us.  Yum!
Mall At Millenia...!!! They have cheaper taxes here!!!!!! Only 6% !!!!!!!!!! Note::This is coming from a young lady (aka active shopper) who grew up in California, where the tax rate is 8.75% in most places ;/   sigh... Beautiful mall! It is just gorgeous. It almost makes me wish I lived in Orlando.. lol, Or maybe they should just bring the mall here to the Bay Area (in California).!!! Lots of great stores to choose from an visit, from Coach to Louis Vuitton to Jimmy Choo to Juicy Couture to Gucci! But also, for the folks on normal people income, they have Macys (I love Macy's!!), Anthropologie, Banana Republic, Gap. And even for the Youngsters, they have Forever 21! Very wide spectrum of categories to choose from. I would definitely come back if I were in Orlando! I think the lower tax rate in Florida got to me, because I splurged here ;-))
You can clean it up and up the prices, but it's still a MALL people. Yes, there's a Manolo Blahnik and Gucci, but there's also a Panda Express.   Enough said.
Came here to experience Florida (Orlando) Mall! This is super comparable to Valley Fair in the Santa Clara! It may even be bigger.. I haven't gone into Valley Fair since the holiday season began.. but WOW.. this place is very nicely decorated! They have a good variety of stores... almost anything you want! :) Would totally recommend this mall... and would probably come back when I'm in Orlando again to do some shopping (lower tax rate in FL!)
Mall of many choices. While the economy has not been the best of friends to this mall and I have seen some of my favorite spots vacated, I still come here every time I am in town. Escaping from the Florida heat is sometimes necessary and this is a good place to do it. And sometimes you even need to wear your sunglasses inside depending on the day. Macy's, bloomingdales and Neiman Marcus don't seem to be going anywhere any time soon, but I hope the other stores stick around. Part of me wonders if the leasing cost is a little high because we've seen some stores leave but found them in the surrounding out parcels. Several restaurants to satisfy any craving and a big food court to offer a quick bite.
Yeah, yeah, mass consumerism is destroying the American psyche, and malls have decimated most downtowns. All the same, Mall at Millenia is my go-to mall for a nice Sunday afternoon stroll. They feature a fun mix of reasonably-affordable shops for buying (Gap, PacSun, Crate&Barrel) and luxury stores for window shopping (Gucci, Burberry, Tiffany). The mall itself is a futuristic, two-story affair with a glass ceiling, convincing faux-palm trees and astrological motif's in the floors and many comfortable seating areas. The mall features one of Florida's only Apple stores, which is indeed a plus. In addition to stores, they have a smattering of bars and restaurants, including Cheesecake Factory and various foodcourt standards. Parking up front is always crowded; they have a valet area (at the mall--HA HA!) Park around back, next to the foodcourt, for a much closer spot.
I love Mall At Millenia.  It is big, and nice, and beautiful and I love it.  There are so many beautiful stores, designers, electronics, and casual stores as well.  It is so touristy and fantastic.  For those Michiganders...it is on the same level as Sommerset Mall :-)  but just a little smaller.   One of the things that is so random, but the bathrooms in the food court area are sooooo nice.  They are so clean and classy.  Food court food is well and the restaurant selection is great as well.  Cheesecake Factory, California Pizza Kitchen, PF Changs, Panera, Johnny Rockets.   Love. Love. Love.  Minus one star because there is no Verizon and the Apple store is always ridiculous and busy (no offense against the mall of course...but hey, when in Rome).
I miss MALL, especially a good ones. I always stop here whenever I am in Orlando area. NYC doesn't have the luxury to have a HUGE mall like this. great section of stores. You can totally spend a day here and end up with a suitcase of clothes. LOVE IT!
Yeah, so Glabella and I shop a lot.  It's one of her favorite things to do and I enjoy it too, so we end up doing it alot.  This mall draws us to Orlando about once a month or so. It's new, it's nice, and has most, if not all the stores we like to shop at.  Macy's, Bloomingdales, Neiman Marcus, etc.  All the high end boutiques too...Tiffany's, Chanel, LV, all shit I can't afford. We like going furniture shopping there too, since all you can get here in Jax is overdone wicker, "Florida" crap, or big ol' ornate wooden carving Ballard design's/Ethan Allen.  The few places with clean, modern stuff have closed.  Well, I think Bo Concepts and Scan Design are still around. Anyway, furniture digressions aside, Millenia is the shit.  Oh, they have an Ikea too.  Doh.
Holy WTF Mary Joseph & Jesus!!! We were here a weekday evening and walking up it felt like Vegas (not just cuz the tourists), the lights, the fountain, the restaurants. They have a currency exchange as you enter - they also have a post office - what the crazy??? They've got some wack-a-doo lights, video screens, your birthday month & date old school heiroglyphics floor thing. Sensory overload. The mall reminds me of Ala Moana in Honolulu cuz you've got High End right next to The Gap. You name the store they've got it here and though some are small sq. footage wise it's damn nice to have the selection. They also have JCrew - though small - GREAT sale section. I may drop my bones in pricey joints but this lady never passes up a sale! It's 2 stories and has about 17 gagillion shops. And oh my holiness it is ridiculously clean - even the public bathrooms. It's like magical invisible lephrechauns are constantly in a mopping, sweeping, dusting, window cleaning ball of fury. I fear this place say, 1pm Sat - but we had no problem parking and jiving around due to it being non holiday evening mid-week. It was worth the drive from beachside.
Good size mall that's always a good experience to come to shop and eat. Mall At Millenia is basically the top contender for the main mall in Orlando (the other being Florida Mall). Millenia has a lot of upscale stores so the clientele is actually pretty nice along with a lot of options for shopping. Good size food court at the mall with a lot of options, which I find to always be a good plus and the foundation of any mall. Even if you aren't satisfied with that, their is a huge variety of restaurants attached to the mall, but beware that at the more popular ones like Cheesecake Factory that their usually is a very long wait. Parking here can be rough, it sometimes takes a while to find any spot, even at the very back. You can either stalk someone back to their car or get lucky. Nice high-end mall with lots of shopping and places to eat, a must come in Orlando.
This is the only mall that HAS a Sanrio store and that is why I am giving this mall 5 stars. It's a high end mall - Gucci, Juicy Couture,Louis Vuitton,Bloomies, Saks, etc. Outside is a Maserati Dealership along with a Mercedes Benz. The only stores I really walk into when I do drive to Millenia is Zara..UO..F21..Sanrio..BR..Gap..Macy's..Anthropolo­gy..The Hawaiiian Jewelry store. Other than that my so and I will eat @ Mimi's Cafe outside the mall area.. I still want to check out the Village Tavern eatery they just newly built around that mall. Oh yeah - Zaxby's is another place for chicken fastfood. It's around millenia. BEST CLEAN mall in Orlando FL - I guess because you see some celebs walking around shopping -- undercover that is..lol
This is still my favorite mall. When I was young and growing up in Louisville, KY, I used to flip through the pages of Vogue magazine and drool over the beautiful designer items that were no where to be found in Kentucky.  I never thought that some day I would actually live a few miles from a mall that has all of my favorites (Chanel, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Montblanc, Tiffany, Michael Kors). Another thing I love about this mall is that it is aesthetically very pleasing both outside and inside. I enjoy just walking through the mall (when the perfume smell isn't too overwhelming) and dreaming about the day that I will be able to walk into all of my favorite stores and buy anything I want.
I finally have grown to love this place and have made it my go to mall. It has just about everything (and more!) that you need. No need to even go near the food court with all the great restaurants the have at the mall and on property. Shop, shop, shop and then stop for a bite and cocktail before shopping some more!
Mall at Millenia is definitely not your average mall. Every time I come here, I'm always happy by how clean and beautiful. This place is also perfect for the millions of tourists that visit Orlando. There is such a variety of shops! You can buy a bag at Coach, a ring at Tiffany's, some pumps at Jimmy Choo, that iPad you've had your eye on from Apple, chocolate from Godiva, and so much more! I truly love this mall. I never have had a bad experience. The best part about the mall is that it's large enough that you're not crowded among hundreds of people while you're trying so hard to get to a store quickly. I recommend it to every person who comes to Orlando. Happy shopping!
I love it.  I love it.  I love it. Millenia Mall has everything from Chanel to Forever 21.  There is something fashionable at every price. This place reminds me of Tysons Corner in Northern Virginia, but it's not quite as great.  (Sorry I'm a Tysons loyalist forever). It's beautiful inside and there's plenty of stores (or restaurants) to satisfy anyone!
The Mall at Millenia is your typical upscale-modern mall...  The socialites and fashionistas of Orlando gravitate here where the main entrance becomes a runway for the young ladies and gents of Otown.  After strutting down the runway, these shoppers usually end up at the pseudo-ultra-chic-meat market known as the Blue Martini... Basically, a great window shopping venue...  Sales are far and few to be found...
Not my kind of mall, first of no parking of course!!! and the stores at this mall are way over priced!
My 2nd favorite mall in Florida after Bal Harbour. This beautiful two story indoor mall has a lot of higher end stores such as tiffanys, chanel, LV, burberry, lacoste, etc. with some typical stores mixed in such as a F21 and banana republic. Now, the place can't compare to bal harbour or rodeo drive but its pretty good. They managed to even have the impossible to get a hold of chanel espadrilles! They also have a big food court with some restaurants as well such as the cheesecake factory (which always has a wait so make sure if you eat here get a reservation!), capital grille, to panera bread and PF changs. Its a great place to go shopping and grab some quick dinner after (especially if its raining outside lol, take advantage of this mall!) Overall, I love this place and always stop by to shop here when I am in Orlando and def recommend this to people looking for a good place to shop in Orlando besides the outlet malls/if its raining/if they want to buy designer wear.
My favorite mall in all of Florida! Love that there's no kiosks. Love that there's a mix of normal stores and high end stores (the high end ones are great for window shopping if you're like me). Of course like any mall it can be stressful to park at times but I've been on some of the busiest days and never had THAT much of a problem. It's especially great during Christmas times! Best decorations ever!
Santa's arrival with great food, music/entertainment for the kids and family. Not to mention the snow!
This is the mall to go to in Orlando, don't waste your time at touristy Florida Mall or any of the other wannabe malls, this has all the nice fancy stuff. Except for Nordstrom .
Mosy favorite mall! As all say, it is a very classy upscale mall. When I saw Shaq walk out with Gucci bags and leave with his family in 3 cars I knew this was the mall. People who would mainly shop at the West Oaks Mall would definitely not fit in or look right. I woulnd't reccomend really going to this mall unless you have money to spend apart from at the Forever 21 store. I love this mall because it's clean, upscale, and huge. Definitely very good and kind of pricey restaruant including the Cheesecake Factory. I love dressing up and this mall definitely gives me the opportunity to. This is the only mall around here in which you'll have Chanel, Louis Vuittoin, and Gucci. Got to treat yourself sometimes. I reccoment this mall 100% as long as you don't mind spending too much.
The mall is okay, but getting in and out is difficult with all the exterior stores that have been added since it opened. It all depends on what you want and Florida Mall adapted to move a bit upscale in competition.  Where Florida Mall has Coach leather, Mall at Millenia has Louis Vuitton vinyl.  Wait, vinyl?  Yeah.  That's a sign of high end quality, right? Except for Cartier, Tiffany & Co., and Bloomingdales, is there really a great reason for this mall? I like it anyway.
I love this mall mostly because of its beautiful modern decor and great selection of brands that's harder to find in other local malls. Although there is a variety of really high end brand name stores that I won't even walk into, there is a good selection of regular stores as well. The mall itself is large and clean with so much open space, which is something I love. The food court is quite large and there are a number of restaurants connected to the mall as well. Valet parking is available at the main entrance of the mall. Although the mall tends to lean more towards the expensive side for my taste, it's a great place to find pretty specific things in one area if need be. It's also a great place to window shop! I always make a stop here at some point if I'm back visiting Florida.
So, this is the type of mall that my friends and I will not set foot in unless we are dressed to the nines. Frankly, I hate dressing up most of the time, but with stores like Tiffany's, I feel like I am walking down Park Ave or Rodeo Drive. I usually spend way too much money there. There are cheapie stores like Forvever 21, except you have to be in the mood to dig for bargains. All in all, Millenia is a great Mall, if you have money to burn! P.S. The food court is pretty nifty, equipped with a Johnny Rockets and CPK!
Very nice mall. Classy. Elegant. Great Atmosphere. This mall is squeaky clean....the floors are always shinning and nothing is ever out of place. I didn't have any idea how big it was the first time I went here until I seen more than one Starbucks! LOL! Im like woah! The food court is very nice and I have heard they have very delicious food as well. There are several restaurants throughout the mall and they even have Valet Parking! I love the fact that they have upcoming events and the ease of finding everything in the mall makes the experience even better. Tourists adore this mall and it can get pretty crowded. With all that being said, come early when they open at 10am. The mall is basically empty and you can do your shopping before everyone gets out of they bed and parking is much easier.
Nice big upper scale mall It was very crowded on the Saturday we went, they are not hurting for business. It was very hard for us to find a parking spot.
Great mall. Huge Forever 21. Huge Urban Outfitters. Delicious salad bar in Food Court. Easy Parking Upscale Shops
This is by far my favorite mall in the entire Orlando metro area. Clean & aesthetically pleasing. I never leave here empty handed. Ah- retail therapy!
I love this mall. I drive 2 hours from my city just to come to this mall and IKEA. Though I can't shop at a lot of the stores since I can't afford any of it (louis vuitton, jimmy choo, etc)  it's still super fun to window shop and people watch. Forever 21, Macy's, Victoria's Secret and Sephora are my main spots and The Cheesecake Factory for lunch. It's an all day outing!
i ABSOLUTELY looOoooooOve the Millenia mall! It has all the stores I shop @: eXpress, GAP, Forever 21, Abercrombie, Nine West, Apple, etc. I can always find something there or just window shop when my funding is low! hee2 If only they had a SEPHORA, i would just go there and not travel extra to the FL mall! ;)  (that's why I only gave it 4 stars) P.S.  Blue Martini is attached and it's pretty fun to hit up during HAPPY HOUR! Beware though if you go into the mall after Happy Hour! You may come out with some unlikely purchases that would not have been bought if you were sober!!! LoL.
It's a pretty decent mall. It's one of the best in the Orlando area. It has everything what you desire. Wide variety of stores to choose from and everyone will find something for themselves. If you are heading over here, you need to consider that probably you'll spend not only money but also a lot of time because this place is huge. Good news is that if you'll get hungry, and I bet you will, they have many great restaurants over here, which offer delicious food as for mall. Mall at Millenia also looks pretty nice. Its architecture is impressive.  The layout is very open so even when it's crowdie (and most of the time it is), you won't bump on others. Also, the mall is kept very well and even the bathrooms are very clean. Most of the time, there is no problem with parking to find, even in the rush hours. Highly recommended.
I love this mall!!!!!!! They offer the best of everything! The Bloomingdales here is the most chill shopping experience ever!! The dining options are great!  Cheesecake Factory, PF Changs just to name a few.  Multiple Starbucks.  There is a great greek place in the food court also - awesome spinach pie!! Must stop each time I am in Orlando
Upscale and to some, maybe even luxurious.   This new mall has some impressive architecture and an airy feel as you walk through it.  It's pretty large and houses many of the trendiest and in-demand stores.  One of my favorite parts though is at the center area of the mall--there is a large sun dial on the floor that is aided by the immense windows overhead.  The signs of the zodiac also surround the sun dial.  I'm not sure why that display made it into the planning of this mall, but it's a unique addition to say the least. Despite the higher end women's stores located within, such as Dior and Chanel, there are the reasonable ones like Forever 21, Gap and American Eagle.  So it's not out of the question to make a purchase if you have the shopping bug.  And not to disappoint our stomachs, they have a few well-known restaurant choices like Brio, P.F. Chang's, The Cheesecake Factory and Panera, as well as a food court.
Ever since the Mall at Millenia came about a few years ago, I have been to those other Orlando malls maybe a handful of times.  While Millenia shoots for upscale and succeeds, it also has a great deal of stores that us less upscale patrons can afford.  The mall itself reminds me of a giant cruise ship, with a ceiling made of glass and a narrow structure.   The food court at Millenia is great, offering anything you could possibly want, but I usually go for either the Cheesecake Factory, Brio, or California Pizza kitchen.  Cheesecake is seemingly ALWAYS busy, so if you are on a schedule put your name in early cause you will be waiting.  If your boots were made for shopping, walk on over to Millenia because you will not be disappointed.
Cutting to the chase... Their food court is the best among all of the malls in town and so is their selection of restaurants both inside and in the surrounding area. They have just about every kind of cuisine and its not hard to be healthy in these parts, which I like. Food choice is definitely what makes or a breaks a mall for me. Upscale or high-end is the best way to describe this mall, at least in comparison to the others with shops like Tiffany's, Betsey Johnson, BCBG Maxazria, Jimmy Choo and Burberry to name a few. If you're not a big spender, don't fret because there are affordable stores in this mall as well and include Forever 21 and Macy's/Burdines. Overall, it's a nice mixture of shops and boutiques. It's located in a rather nice area of town. However, it's also very close to all of the tourist traps which means this place swarming with them especially in the summer months. As you can imagine, this mall gets pretty busy on the weekends and during the holidays. Fortunately their parking lot is plenty to big to handle all of the traffic flow. It's really clean and easy to navigate, which are both big pluses in my book. There are lots of areas to just sit and relax while others shop or simply take a breather. Overall, I am fan. This is by far the best shopping mall in Central Florida.
Escape the Fl heat in this pleasant well designed mall. You won't find depressing closed store fronts here! Yes, most stores may be high end and pricey, but they also have a Game Stop and an Apple store. Plus the food court standards. From the food court you can see the bizarre video displays in the main hall. A very relaxing experience, even without a shopping agenda. If you park behind the mall, away from Conroy, you will find a tree covered walkway leading to the mall!!
I won't go into a lengthy description of what the Mall at Millenia offers since the other reviewers have done a good job of that. A few tips:  Now that IKEA has opened, parking on the front side of Bloomingdale's can fill up, so the best place to get a spot is on the back side of that store and in front of Crate & Barrel. The food court is not a typical one with a McDonald's, Wendy's, etc.  The only "chain" fast food places are Chick-Fil-A, Panera Bread, Firehouse Subs, and Mrs. Field's.  The rest are non-typical places that are obviously an attempt to set this food court apart (I can't believe I just wrote that.)  Check out the Greek place for a decent quick gyro. This place is DEAD during the week- it's by far the best time to go.  Avoid going in the evenings, especially on Fridays and Saturdays, as everyone and their mom is going to dinner at the restaurants on the front side of the mall (PF Chang's, McCormick & Schmick's, Cheesecake Factory, Blue Martini). Starbucks bought the Barnie's Coffee shop that was on the first level, so now there are two Starbucks in the mall, if that's your thing. Finally, new outparcels are springing up everywhere in this area.  Though not in the mall, nearby you will find an Old Navy, West Elm, DSW, Robb & Stucky, Pier 1, SuperTarget, Home Depot, Home Depot Expo, Petco and Linens 'N Things, among others. The Mall at Millenia is located at the Conroy Road exit off Interstate 4, between I4 and John Young Parkway.
Awww..... I miss this mall!!!! This one totally sits on my Top 5 list. They've got one of the largest Coach stores I've been which by the way carried my fuschia colored barrett sneakers that I've been dying to find. Lucky me.... I walked out with them 30% off the retail price. YAY!!!!
While I'm not a huge mall person, I've traveled to many and this is definitely one of my faves. All the great stores (except for Sephora) and no ugly, pushy kiosks like at the Florida Mall. This mall is very chic with beautiful decor and great restaurants. Make sure to go during the week when the crowds are almost non-existent. Millenia is a must for serious shoppers.
I'm liking this mall alot!!! Pretty much has everything your looking for from your favorite designers to very nice selection on foods and restaurants. Personal recommendation towards going to a really upscale shopping center with great sales. Thanks Mall at Millenia :)
Bring a bag full of cash or a high limit credit card.  It's luxurious and has a variety of boutique and standard mall stores like Forever 21.  It's not for me but might be just what you're looking for.
This is certainly a posh place with almost all if the international over priced over rated makes from Jimmy Choo shoes to Godiva Belgian chocolates, Prada, Macys, Louis Vuitton, Apple (with great free wifi offered) Rolex and Versace opening soon. Most of the food offerings are alright no better than that but the prices are top end for the industrially made stuff being offered: Chinese, pizza, burgers, fried chicken. The Mexican stall stood out as better than OK and it was busy too. We went into a Johnny Rockets and stood several minutes but the staff about five or six feet away from us stood chatting among themselves; now one did glance in our direction and went back to their conversation and we remained ignored so the four of us went elsewhere and had a very good turkey dinner for about £7 sterling ($10). There are a few Starbucks inside so at least good coffee guaranteed. The highlight when were there was Santa's arrival and the associated jolly party!!
Great mall!  Fun for shopping, strolling, even casual dates. As a long-time resident living on the "mall" side of Otown, I got so many questions from visitors that I started a blog about shopping in Orlando, especially Mall at Milennia and Florida mall. Also the outlet malls.   Mall at Milennia has my two favorite department stores, Bloomingdales and Neiman Marcus. Service lives on at those two stores.
This isn't really a mall like other malls, it's more of a go spend all your tourist money in all of our ridiculous shops. This is definitely more of a tourest trap than a regular stop. Eh the only good thing I ever enjoyed about going here was the Panera, as i don't have thousands of dollars to blow everywhere else.
Good mall.  Right around the corner from work so I usually hit this place up for lunch.  Place is always packed.  Parking is plentiful.
My daughters were parked  there early waiting for the Sales and were moved on from the car park as the mall decided not to open early. Surely the security guards should be reassuring two teenage girls that they were safe and being watched over rather than moving them on. Luckily Sears was open and they went in there for while and waited for the Mall to open. I will be also writing a letter of complaint to the mall management and will let you know what they say.!!
Fancy schmancy, stuff poor educators like myself cannot afford but it makes for some great people watching.  The architecture and decor is quite pleasing to the eye and the place is always very clean.  I like to hit Lululemon for their free Sunday yoga class on days I can drag my arse out of bed early enough.  The location is great because IKEA is right nearby as are a number of other stores and restaurants and their crowds are nothing like the Florida Mall.
I really stopped in here to steal their wifi and grab some grub.  I was excited to see lots of choices for food - better than your average mall!!   The mall seemed clean and safe.  There were a ton of stores to choose from regardless of your wants/needs but I didn't get a chance to walk around very much.  There were a ton of families (ie screaming kids) wandering around which is pretty much typical of all malls.  I was grateful for my earbuds!!
Love this Mall! All the big names are here - Gucci, Dior, Channel etc plus loads more. A fantastic kitchen shop and a mediocre book shop. TWO Starbucks and the usual aray of fast food outlets. The Cheesecake factory is great for lunch as are most of the restaurants (don't forget the ones outside!). Unlike 'The Florida Mall' you can walk round this mall with ease, and if you go early you'll pretty much have it to yourself. Not very good if you want tourist tatt - you'll be better off going to the other Mall! Well worth a visit - but keep tight hold of your wallet!
Ah, Mall At Millenia, filled with 'foo-foo' stores, and Urban Outfitters, Gap, and Forever 21. The layout is lovely (Christmastime is a real treat), it's immaculately clean, and parking isn't a nightmare.
Great mall!! Especially for higher end stores. Also has a wonderful Santa Claus at Christmas time :)
Dang.  Really?  I miss South Coast Plaza.   I was supremely surprised to find I could get a LV/Gucci/Tiffany/Blahnik *fill in the blank* here along with the regular mall basics like Ann Taylor and the Gap.  I just didn't think these high end stores would be in a mall this small? But this mall is slick.  We're talking flat screens everywhere that are curved and placed in a center round area of the mall with pictures of different country flags as well as pics of a fashion show going on.  It felt like Caesar's Palace.  And I couldn't help but have to shout to my friend when we were walking through because the fountain on the other side of the elevator was so freaking loud.  I thought water indoors was supposed to bring relaxation?  But all the marble floors in the mall with no insulation just created this loud whoosh everytime the fountains came on w/ their very own light show.  This is over the top in my opinion when I just needed to get some extra nylons and grab a water from Starbucks.  Did I mention I miss South Coast Plaza?
This feels like its Aventura Mall north with a touch of Bal Harbour.  This place is just spectacular.   The design aspect and lay out of the place was well thought from its inception.  They basically have all the major department stores along with the major chains right there under one roof.  The design of the food court and variety of restaurants there is quite exceptional.  This place breaks the stigma Orlando may have in terms of its a outlet destination.  I can't wait to take my wife the next time I'm there.
The Mall at Millenia has something for everyone.  It keeps expanding and has a great variety of stores and restaurants. It's a nice place to walk around.  Very modern, nice atmosphere. The staff keep the mall very clean.
This is the best mall in Orlando. It delivers where the the other malls fail. Definately THE place for spawing fashionistas. Plus this is the home of my best friend Tiffany & Co.
Pretty nice looking mall. Walked around the whole mall for the day. The people I went with wanted to make sure they didn't miss a store so we started on one side and then walked back on the other. So, I literally feel like an expert at this mall after seeing all the stores. Indoors (with outdoor parking). Good layout. Great customer service in the stores. NIce and clean.  But also like every other mall I've been to. No stores special to the mall. I don't think you have to pay for parking either which is nice. I bought a jean jacket and dress at Express. It was a really cute outfit and the salesgirl in the store was really friendly and helpful. She got me my size and actually helped me put the outfit together. I felt like a million bucks. The only qualm I have about my visit is that I had a coupon at home in LA that I could have used and they told me that I could get a price adjustment back in LA by bringing in the coupon. This wasn't so and it made me feel bad because I could have bought the same outfit at an LA Express store at a cheaper price. But, in the end, I was really pleased with the customer service in the store and I love the outfit so I'm not super upset about it. We also purchased products in the Coach store. A necklace was purchased for me. They only had the one on display though and I bought that one. I thought they should have given us a discount because they didn't have a fresh one but they didn't and since it was being purchased for me I didn't fight it. The store got my address and a week later I got a thank you note from the sales girl which was pretty nice. I discovered the store Journey while I was here. I didn't know about this chain. A bunch of colorful socks were purchased for me. The customer service was great here too and the things in the store were totally cool. They also have a bunch of nice restaurants like Brio and PF Changs (which has a glutten free menu)...so that makes this mall more upscale and also makes it a nice place to visit if you want to have a sit down meal after you shop. They have a pamphlet with coupons that you can pick up at the kiosk and get discounts or special offers at stores and restaurants. I also used the bathroom while I was here and they were clean and smelled good! Always a plus!
This is my favorite "non-outlet" mall in Orlando.  The mall is very clean and has this very contemporary look to it.  It is an upscale mall, so when I go I know I won't be buying much.  I guess that is better anyways.  But the mall has a lot of great stores including Tiffany's and Coach (2 of my favs) and also has some.  And after you are tired from a long day of shopping the mall has a good food court or actual restaurants like PF Changs, Cheesecake Factory, Brio, etc for you to have a delicious relaxing meal!
I really like this mall, and they often have great sales/deals and nice restaurants surrounding it. It's a nice central location and easy to get around. It's clean and well kept.
What a nice mall! Beautiful! We had a nice walk, got some clothes for kids from Gap & Macy's  and finished our day at the Cheesecake Factory restaurant.
I like to tell people the truth about this place the only thing I can afford here is the food court.   Yes I too love drooling over Tiffanys, having visitation privileges with Jimmy Choo and Betsey Johnson, but my bank account won't allow me to have fully custody of any of my lustful wish list items.  So whenever I want a mean case of the green eyed monster I stroll this mall.  Since most of the time I don't want to be overcome with bouts of jealously I just shop where I can afford to buy things TJ Maxx, Target, and the Florida Mall.
LOVE this mall! Great stores, lots of variety, very clean, people are usually very friendly, and it is sooo beautifully decorated during the holidays! The only thing I don't like is that I want all the designer stuff haha.
The Mall at Millenia is more of an attraction than a mall! Stunning architecture and stunning stores. A fun day out shopping experience the best shopping in Central Florida! Super luxury, however you can also find some amazing approachable items.The  Neiman Marcus sale in Jan(?) is a sale you shouldn't miss. Everything from Bloomies (excellent selection of men's wear) to Apple Store to Tori Burch, Tommy Bahama, Gucci, Chanel, Dior, Abrecombie Fitch, Macy's, high-end salons -my favorite Salon Cielo on the lower level near Macy's. Great restaurants, Brio, Cheese Cake Factory, PF Chang's plus a super food court...Go to The Mall at Millenia there now with your family to see their amazing Christmas Decorations and don't forget a photo with Santa. Luv the Mall
Definitely one of the best malls I've been too. It has many high upscale stores like Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany & Co,  Gucci, and Neiman Marcus but it also has lower end stores like Forever 21 and Urban Outfitters. The Macy's is HUGE and there's a bunch of good little places to eat. Only problem is that is really really crowded and people literally stop and stand in the middle of the walkways or walk incredibly slow. Parking is also horrible. But great shopping!
I usually pay others to shop for me but not in this mall. It has the Apple Store (very handy), Cheesecake Factory which has a great happy hour but it's always so full there's no seats, and there's TRIO right across the Cheesecake Factory with a better happy hour, longer hours, better prices & food too. Of course there's the usual Macy's, NM & so much more. Also, this mall is beautiful, quite the sight. If you like to feel rich or if you are rich,  this is definitely the place for you. Highly recommend it. Good for all ages.
Best mall in Orlando for variety.  Your favorites are here, as well as many designer stores (Coach, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Juicy, Lucky Brand, Tiffany's, Pottery Barn, etc.).  Many restaurant choices too: Cheesecake Factory, PF Chang's, Brio Tuscan Grill, Blue Martini, CPK, Panera, Starbucks (2 stores) and a good variety in the food court.  This is definitely an elite mall.  I can find whatever I need at this mall.  It is rare for me to visit the other malls in central Florida.  Although I do occasionally go to the outlets.
Very nice mall, but it is very upscale for my taste, and I couldn't afford much. Otherwise very nice mall!
After you had your fill of the usual tourist attractions Orlando has to offer, you might want to get away from it all - treat yourself shopping at  Mall at Millenia. They have a great collection of name brand stores and did I mention they have a Lindt Chocolatier in this fine mall? Large parking area, you can find a spot fast even on weekends. Even if you don't plan on shopping, Mall at Millenia can be a nice place to hang around. Therefore, I can say this is one of the best shopping malls I have visited and shopped in.
I am extremely disappointed at your Mall at the Millennia Store. I spoke to one of your employees whose name i won't mention here (but i remember very clearly) over the phone and he told me he couldn't tell me whether you had xbox one's in store or not, that i had to come in to the store, but if i went in that moment, i might be up for a surprise. To me and everyone else that i discuss this with- this sounded like an insinuation that you did have it available. I drive immediately over to the mall (i am only 15 minutes away) and run to the store, to have the same employee tell me that "nope, we don't have any in stock" with a smirk. I am just appalled at #1. the fact that Microsoft has been so inconsiderate to not allow the employees to tell the customers whether or not they have the devices in stock- even if you say that you are not guaranteeing nor holding anything. I drove to the store in my lunch time, taking a much longer lunch than expected and not getting paid for the extra time to find out that the big surprise was that there were absolutely no xbox's in stock. I am extremely disappointed in the brand overall. There are much better ways to handle the high demand for the device. I would never visit this store again, and much less purchase the xbox from a Microsoft store. Extremely disappointing.
Ok, so this is a chain, yes, however this one IN PARTICULAR is PHENOMENAL! I've only received amazing customer service, friendly friendly waiters and waitresses with amazing selection, amazing (large) portions and ALWAYS a good time. It can be busy, especially on the weekends, but what in Millenia Mall doesn't get busy on the weekends? (rhetorical question). So, I usually get the same appetizer (Buffalo Blast), same entree (pow pow chicken) and same dessert (godiva brownie or cheesecake) but once in awhile, I'll switch it up, and I've NEVER been let down. Overall, it's POTENTIALLY pricey, but worth every penny, guaranteed!
Back when I was a mall rat in Orlando, I would come to Millenia Mall on almost a daily basis. I was obsessed with shopping at Bloomingdales and Crate n Barrel. They have tons of great stores, but I would always find myself with plenty of money to spent, but nothing worthy to buy. Betsey Johnson would be hit or miss, and Urban Outfitters would have a good selection, but too many people wearing the same thing is not cool. They have some chain restaurants to dine at. Brio would be my favorite.
Plse note the store I actually meant to choose was the newly opened one in Fl Mall.... Mall of Milenia is amazing as all orlandians know..but if you love Forever XXI you will melt when you see Florida Malls. Two levels, an actualy shoe area..vs. everywhere.... Less accecories but soooo much more clothing options. Perfect for New Years Shopping. new funky and girly. Again I think its strange that there are only straight men workers in a girls store cause really am I gonna pull out that Mini I am Eyeing and say excuse me do these shoes go? Not really...but  I am a fan of this location..please note the entrance is on the outside..but its great and Big! good deals too
Love the stores for the sales but it's not enough sales... I was disappointed in the small selection at Coach and Juicy and most of the stuff there was regular price... No Louis Vuitton.... Express was pretty damn good and Timberland wasnt bad.... Overall okay... I would say 3.5...
Well, I was 100% underdressed for a leisurely Saturday at the Mall Of Millennia.  Even the teenage girls were rocking polos and Lacoste tennis outfits.  Mothers were decked out in vintage hats that looked like they were on their way to the Kentucky Derby and men were wearing leather dress shoes.  Even the non-english speaking tourists were dressed to the nines, so I felt less than uncomfortable in my makeup from the night before, sloppy braided hairs and neon pink, oversized, workout shirt.  This mall is beautiful in parts, but it is very utilitarian.  The fake plants should go, along with the rainbow glowing, illuminati triangle 'art' piece when you walk in by Neimen Marcus. Any-who, no wonder every other country hates us for being chauvinistic pigs who waste money! Yipppeee America!
Although this mall is beautiful and nice to look at, the shops aren't for me. At most I go into maybe 4 or 5 stores in the whole mall. The shops here are more high end and over priced. This mall does however offer the only Urban Outfitters in town and the biggest Forever 21 in this area. They do have some good restaurants as well like Cheesecake Factory, but again a bit over priced. If your looking to shop in a less crowded mall though, this is the one to go to. You may even run into a celebrity here. I've personally seen Shaquille O'Neal and local TV personalities at this mall.
Best Mall in Central Florida!! nowhere else will you find the premier selection in fine dept. stores in Orlando Fl. If you want to find the same quality of mall the next one is Aventura Mall in Miami .
Ah, the mall. America's fun and fancy hang out. And boy is this one fancy. I understand, orlando needs an upscale place to shop but this is beyond upscale. Granted, this is coming from a notoriously broke person, but hey, this is over the top. Nice variety though and an awesome food court. Ample parking and did I mention the food court.
This is my favorite mall in Florida.  The mall is very nice and the customer service at every store I visit is always stellar.  I can't say I have ever gone to a mall where overall every area and store was kept up very nice and the customer service was great.  This is an upscale mall but also has lower end store.  It's worth a trip if in the area. I always try to stop by.
This is the "high end" of the local malls and is a very nice one.  The way it's designed and the parking can be a pain if trying to reach a specific store but this is the best mall in the Orlando area.  Always feel safe here and enjoy the wide open spaces inside and places to sit and relax.
The best mall in Orlando. I could spend the whole day their. Great resturants cheescake factory & mckormick and schmidt , blue martini! No need to go anywhere else.
This is probably the best mall in the Orlando area.  They've got awesome stores like the Apple store, Bloomingdales, Ikea, Macy's, Chanel, and Louis Vuitton.  It's an upscale mall for the middle class.  It's a really clean, spacious and beautiful mall.  Plus, the main entrance has some really nice palm trees outside, so it feels like you're shopping in paradise.
Great place to shop! I thought the place would be packed with kids, tourist, and mall walkers and I was surprised to see that it was not the case. Very easy to spend A LOT of money here. You sure can tell this is a Forbes mall just like Naples Waterside shops just indoors.
One the most gorgeous malls I've ever been to. It has the best mix of middle class and upper class shopping. It's great if you need to pick up a few things or just want to walk around and browse the savvy stores. There is a vast array of good restaurants located within the mall, too. The perfect ending to my window shopping was when my boyfriend and I saw Shaq (Shaquille O'Neal -- professional basketball player!!!) walking in as we walked out. We were completely stunned and star struck for the rest of the day!
a small piece of god's love planted on earth from god to let us know.....there actually is a heaven!! mac pro store, ladies!  pow!!!   i. love.this.mall.   that is all.
Trust there is no hyperbole present when I tell you that this place is SPECTACULAR. Some interpret it only as a "high end" mall in lieu of the presence of Nieman marcus, Louis Vuitton, & other pricey designers but the variety of selection here is great. Amazing decor & Restaurant selection as well. Top marks.
I love this mall. Great variety of stores and its really clean.
This is a really nice mall. Classy and very upscale. Anchored by Macy's, Bloomingdale's and Neiman Marcus. You'll also find Chanel, Gucci, Tiffany, Louis Vuitton and just about any other designer you can think of. Don't worry, there are also some more mid-range stores -- not everything's that pricey! It's located not too far from the touristy areas so expect traffic. Overall, just a beautiful mall with a great collection of stores... it's a must go if you're into shopping and are in the Orlando area.
Navigating through the Mall of Millenia can be quite a hassle if you are in a rush. This mall features a lot of the high end shops and the interior is absolutely beautiful. The food court is top notch and they feature something for everyone.
Good high-end mall. The only local mall that has my favorite stores, Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters.
Great shopping!  The nicest mall in Central Florida (in my opinion) with a wide range of shopping options from popular, main-stream stores to more upscale shops.  My only gripe is because it is so popular with both locals and tourists, it is always packed!  Parking can be such a pain!  And I have experienced one too many inconsiderate drivers while searching for parking!
This is a beautiful mall.  I love to come here with friends and family esp when they are visiting.
Yes, it's expensive, but not if you know how to shop. Macy's has the best deals during sales times and the sales are frequent. Lucky also has great sales, but the stuff goes quick. there are tons of ritzy stores here but the best reason for going here is the top notch people-watching (my favorite activity) We live right around the corner, so we go here a lot. Sometimes to the Apple store for a geekfest, sometimes to get the latest fashions so we can look great, or sometime we just grab a bite to eat (helpful tip, Brio has an AMAZING happy hour menu available only at the bar)
Great mall with just about everything you could want.
Love Millenia! It's very large and spacious, so you can wander and shop very comfortably. LOVE that they don't have any of those little kiosks throughout the mall so I can walk in complete peace! Have a great store selection, all they need is a sephora and nordstrom and I would never have to go anywhere else!!
Our best mall in central Florida.  Good restaurant selections, all the best shopping options, parking is sufficient.
This mall has everything I ever wanted in a mall. All the high ends, low ends, 2 starbucks, cheesecake factory and a pink berry. I'm complete.
The prrrrrettiest mall this shop-a-holic has ever stepped foot in.  And I thought Disney was the draw in Orlando.  This place was designed to impress and has a little Orlando "magic" of it's own.  Beautiful food court, walkways coupled with high end stores all grouped together in one section.  Don't come here for a bargain.  Come here to drool over the Channel boutique, NM and bloomies.  Nice........
This is the best mall in Orlando. Its easily accessible, there is a good selection of stores, and theres a lot of parking. The lay out of the mall is very nice, and they do a great job of maintaining the image. I always enjoy coming to this mall for either shopping or grabbing a bite to eat. Although it doesn't have as many stores as Florida , its less congested easier to get in and out.
Very nice mall. The esthetics are pleasing, and the mall is laid out well. The stores that it carries are more towards the higher end type, so if that is your forte than head over. If not, than MaM still offers a fun place to peruse around, while doing some window shopping, but may not be the most convenient place to do your everyday shopping.
This is an all around fabulous place.  I spent a lot of time here when it first opened up, and it was so chic, yet still very comfortable.
The Mall at Millenia is as good as it gets when it comes to malls. They've got all the staples plus every high end brand you can think of. A few of our favorites that we frequent are Pinkberry, the Apple Store, and Crate & Barrel. The location is good even though some of the neighborhoods next door are pretty bad. The tourists can get there easily and it's not too far from any of the nice suburbs like Lake Nona, Windermere, Winter Park, and the nice parts of Longwood & Lake Mary. I feel like this is the only mall in town that is thriving and it's because of the centralized location and good mix of stores. Their food court is solid and they have all kinds of restaurants connected to the mall or right near it. Great spot for people watching and window shopping but you will be tempted to spend some money, and it's the kind of place where you could blow ten grand in less than half a day if you're not careful. Whether you are a local looking for a fun date or a tourist ready to shop till you drop, this is the mall for you.
Great mall to visit if you are in the Orlando area.  It has your high end names to the everyday department stores.  I must say that I had a great time shopping and looking.  Being from out of town this was a nice place to visit.  I would recommend this mall for someone looking for a great place to shop.  I will revisit this mall when I come back to Orlando.
Best Mall in Orlando! Go to Keke's in the strip in front of it for brunch then head over for a day of shopping!
I'm from LA so this mall doesn't impress me very much but since I've visited several other malls in the area...this one definitely stands out. The only problem with this mall is the size..it's not that big!!! The forever 21 here is great tho...nice and big. and i love that they have urban outfitters. Note to shoppers....this is definitely a high end mall with all of the big names. If you want a more regular mall try Florida Mall.
I'm a sucker for the finer things even if it cost an arm and a leg :P. Get here early the lot fills up quick in the front but there's plenty of parking around back or by Macys. I love to just walk around this mall. Shops like Express, Banana Republic, Apple lets not forget Gucci (gripe with them now) Burberry, and for my girlfriend, mom and sisters Louis V. It's great when i save up enough money to buy them something from these places I walk in and I'm treated nicely and swiftly*. HOWEVER, Gucci has let me down they have released an employer who has always treated me great and I always made sure I purchased something from him. So for know I will be buying from Burberry. How its legal to put them by jewlers I'll never know very clever that they have all high end shops in one area so beware and be sure to stay on budget. They have a Johnny Rockets in their foodcourt!!!!!! They actually are a step up from other foodcourts in malls they should be the standard to be measured by. Very clean, good food, and though the mall is packed and people are everywhere Millenia is so spacious you hardly notice. Millenia is a must see but hold tight to your wallet if your on a budget can get pricey but the beauty of the mall is worth a look. Literally take a spin on the main floor entrance to piano music and the sound of water the first time i did I felt like Macauley Culkin when he walks into Duncan's Toy Chest in Home Alone 2. Usual stop for me everytime I go Orlando. I hope you find this place as interesting as I do, thanks.
I've run into so many professional athletes at this place. It's not for people with a light wallet though. It's not a massive mall but the interior is impressive to say the least.
Fancy mall with expensive stores that I don't care much for.  I got escorted out at the LV store because i was wearing T-shirt and shorts... I mean come'on... how can you expect me to wear anything but those in FL?...
The best mall in Orlando area. Great environment and a variety of stores.
One of the Best Malls I've been too. I love Saks 5th Ave.
Love Millenia mall, almost all the stores i shop at are at this mall, wish Nordstrom and Saks would move over to the Millenia mall if they had more space.
I love this mall! It is so pretty and has so many stores!  The restaurants are awesome, including Cheesecake Factory, California Pizza Kitchen and PF Changs.  Parking is rough when it is busy but they do have valet.
The mall for Ballers AND Commoners!  The architecture is elegant & pretty, and it has a DEMARCATION line at the center of the mall with a fountain to separate Ballers and Commoners.  When you walk in the main entrance, the right side of the mall is for Commoners, anchored by Macy's.  The left side of the mall is for Ballers, anchored by Neiman Marcus & Bloomingdales.  The right side of the mall has your normal stores, like Forever 21, Express, Gap, Abercrombie & Fitch, basically stores you find in every mall in the US.  On the baller side of the mall, it has Gucci, Burberry, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany's, Cartier, Chanel, Dior, Jimmy Choo, all the high end brands you see on Rodeo Drive or in the baller shopping areas in the US. It is a good place to visit if you are vacationing in Orlando.  It has both the shops you are familiar with from your home mall, along with the high end stores you may feel like splurging on since you are on vacation. We went on a weekend, where it is crowded.  Parking was hard to find, as we had to follow people out of the mall to take their parking space when their car was leaving.  Even the spots furthest away with a long walk were filled.
This is a pretty decent mall with a lot of good upscale anchors - Bloomingdales, Neiman Marcus and Macy's.  This is probably one of the only places where I've seen dueling Starbucks - on opposite sides of the center concourse, one upstairs on the corner and the other diagonally across from it on the lower level.   You want Cartier, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany and jewelers galore?  Look no further in the Orlando area. The mall itself is well laid-out, very clean, not overrun with people (even on Sundays), has decent, available parking unlike so many other malls and has good food options in the food courts - you can get a good salad, a nice hamburger or sandwich or the like from one of their many purveyors. The reason why I would not give this mall a higher rating is as follows:  the staff in many places is rude, unattentive or even non-existent.  I'm going to call out specifically the Allen Edmonds store in which I waited a good 10 minutes for an employee to show up to help me .. and gave up due to exhaustion.  I would also point to some of the jewelry stores who have a very pretentious attitude about who should and should not be in their stores.  This was not only my experience, mind you - the aura of exclusivity wafts from behind their hallowed doors. Overall, a great shopping experience if you want to find nice things or do some window shopping.  A very bad idea if you are looking for a present for your girlfriend and she is in tow.  (ha ha!)
I would say this is the Best mall in Orlando.  You get all the brands you want or you will ever need. Pricey however very nice place if you're just looking to hang out and grab a bite to eat.  Restaurants choices are everywhere.  I really love Cheesecake Factory that's actually located in the mall itself and Blue Martini which is a lounge with music right next door.
One of the coolest malls I've toured. We dinned at the P T Chang restaurant here and loved the meal and service. Natasha was our waitress and was very professional !
This is my mall of choice in the area. Its clean and is usually not too crowded when I go and I can always find parking at Bloomies. Its nice to hit the Blue Martini after shopping too.
This is another fantastic mall in florida. On two levels it has all the large american stores as well as plenty designer stores such as tiffanys, gucci hugo boss etc. This is one of the cleanest malls ever - it is spotless. there is a large food court on the top floor with a huge variety of things to eat - many of the outlets give you free smple to lure you to their unit.
This is the eye is an eye candy mall.  They have it all.  You can shop, eat and mail.  everything,  They kids found stuff and so did the adults.  Great stores.  we had a great afternoon. Truly great for the international set, locals and tourist.
I was in Otown for Halloween Horror Nights and wanted to visit the mall. Walking around made me hungry and my BF and I decided to visit California Pizza Kitchen. It looked like a good place to eat. We shared an order of crab cakes as an app and they were delicious, but small. We then ordered a pizza which basically turned out to be $1 an inch. For a "10inch" pizza, it was about $11 something. The pizza was a little cold and we both have had better at our local place in Jacksonville. I definitely won't go back and pay that ridiculous price again.
A lot of high quality stores. A variety to choose from. Forever 21 to Louis Vuitton. Wide spectrum. A good place to people watch since it is a tourist attraction.
The Mall At Mellenia is a very very nice up scale mall. As you have read it very,very expensive. There's Beverly Johnson, Gucci, Coach, Juicy plus more. If your ready to spend some money head on out! : )
Be prepared to cash in your retirement account.  This store is a one time buy location.  If you are a average middle class american.  You can afford to buy one thing from one store...then you must leave.  Happy looking.....
This a very nice mall with various higher end stores. The overall appearance of the mall is very classy! I've never seen this mall dirty and can usually expect to see it clean and well kept. Some of the stores i include but are not limited to Express, Zara, Tiffany & Co., Betsy Johnson, and others. Restaurants include Cheesecake Factory, Elephant Bar, and CPK. Overall this is a pretty trendy and fashionable place to shop!
