We took the sunrail with the kids from maitland and had a wonderful day! We had lunch that was chic and cheap at bistro Paris for $12. Afterwards we shopped our way down the street, stopping in talbots, into the looking glass, l'occitane, and kilwins for ice cream. The kids sat eating their ice cream on the bench outside lily Pulitzer while we shopped. It was a perfect day!
I am a fan of this area.  Simply because it is great for walking about, and a really great spot for a date.  If everything goes well, for example, there are plenty of other places to keep you occupied. Parking can be a challenge at times, however, with SunRail now in service, this is probably one of the only stops with businesses within walking distance (maybe expect for Florida Hospital Heatlh Village). Of course, one of my sole reasons for coming here is Alex & Ani, and mainly to walk around.  Having events on occasion is another great reason to visit the area. Yes, this part of town is rather pricey, but great for a night out and walking about.
Park ave eases my mind and makes me happy. My blood pressure lowers and I often reach a zen-like state. I think the reason I enjoy it so much here is the sense of community here that you don't get in other areas of Orlando. There are shops and restaurants galore, prime people watching, and all kinds of specialty stores. Once a year, in March, the entire street is closed to traffic for a three day weekend for the Winter Park Arts festival, which happens to be my favorite festival in the country. Also, every saturday is the Winter Park farmers market. I met my wife there :) I shall return.
Love strolling around Park Ave. any day of the week. It is such a lovely area to relax, shop, eat, drink and of course... be merry =) So many different retail locations around here... chains, mom and pop shops, food, unique jewelry, gifts... basically anything you need you can grab here.  This street is definitely best explored via foot as everything is up and down the same street. You can literally spend the entire day on this one street and do, see and experience so many different things.  You can start with the day on the Farmers Market, walk through the park, see some great art, eat some amazing food, drinks some delicious drinks, beautify yourself and shop your little heart out. I suggest this location for a relaxing stroll, a post where you can grab great gifts or a day to spoil yourself silly!
I love this part of Orlando and if you are regular here you know "it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood". Park Ave is loaded with great places to shop, eat and pamper yourself. The main central park has recently been redone and looks great. Enjoy some time by the fountain and be sure to appreciate the many blooming trees, pots and plants. The rose garden always has me wondering what the HECK are they doing to get those roses looking so great?!   If you want to spend a day on the Avenue on a random Saturday, start out at the Farmers Market and grab a coffee or quick bite while looking at all of the cool stuff. From there, stroll the Avenue and window shop, grab a spa service, browse the galleries or spend the afternoon in The Morse Museum.  Enjoy lunch alfresco at one of the many places to dine at on the avenue, so many great places to choose from. But, save room for dessert. Since you are walking so much, be sure to stop into Peterbrooke Chocolatier of Winter Park for a chocolate treat or a gelato. I mean, it's decadent and you cannot walk by their cute shop without popping in for a treat. Park Ave is a great mix of local shops and national retailers, so you can hit Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn and Restoration Hardware along with local gems like Tuni's and Timothy's Gallery.
I LOVE PARK AVE!!!! There is really a lot going on here, and it's so beautiful! So much fun for an afternoon stroll through the shops with awesome places to stop, take a rest, and have a glass of wine and a snack. This is a great spot to browse if you're looking for a gift! So many stores with a huge selection among them... This is my go-to spot for birthday gift shopping! Red Marq even has great, unique wrapping paper and greeting cards! So many of the stores have awesome and unique jewelry - I LOVE the Ten Thousand Villages shop!! If you haven't been around the Park Ave area, you must check it out! Go on a Saturday afternoon, shop, eat, drink, relax, and enjoy!! It's also a very dog friendly area - lots of the shops have water bowls outside!
Winter Park Florida is a neighboring town to Orlando.  Winter Park has historic southern charm with its brick paved roads and moss covered live oak trees.  This Florida neighborhood was founded as a resort destination for wealthy New Englanders.   Since 1887 Park Avenue has been a shopping destination with its boutiques, restaurants, museums, parks and farmer's market.  Here you will find specialty shops for cheese, chocolates, jewelry, spices, toys, clothes and much more.  There are over a dozen restaurants to choose from ranging from American to Thai.   There are many options for treats as well with chocolate, candy, coffee, frozen yogurt and french baked goods. The al fresco dining and lush potted flowers will make you think your walking along a European street.
A taste of New England in Orlando, FL. Can't wait to see the Grand Central Station in Central Park.
Park avenue is not your typical shopping area with large department stores and corporate shops. Instead, the street is lined with independently owned boutiques, restaurants and wine bars that are, for the most part, posh in nature and for more sophisticated taste. Among the boutiques, I highly encourage all to check out Tuni, Bullfish and Katmandu. For food, 310, Bosphorous and Powerhouse are my faves. And, last but not least, for vino one MUST try the wine room and Eola Wine Company. All of these places are not cheap, but well worth the price. All in all, Park Ave is a fun, relaxing way to spend an afternoon.
I absolutely love Park Avenue for it's shopping, eating, people watching! It's lady heaven. I'm sure it's man heaven too since they have cigar bars and tiny sports bars but I don't have those parts so I'm not 100% on that. The park is a great area to walk around enjoying the Florida sunlight.  They have sensational events like their yearly art show and the weekly farmer's market that are great culture bursts in a town filled with Mickey ears. My favorite places to stop in are Bosphorous Turkish Cuisine, Wine Room, Eola Wine Company, Nicole Miller and Tuni's.
Beautiful hidden area with old town feel. NOT packed with tourists as it is located in Winter Park, far away from the parks and main attractions. The streets are full of great little boutiques, cafes, and restaurants, and there's even a small Farmer's Market. Worth visiting while in Orlando.
Park avenue is your typical local out door mall with stores meant for the upper class with money but u will find some good restaurants and a park were u can take your dog and relaxe for a few.
Park Avenue is the poshest street in the Orlando area. It is loaded with shops and sidewalk cafes. Just a great place to go on a nice day. You spend most of an afternoon browsing. Also check out Hannibal square which is just a few blocks away.
There is nothing like a beautiful day and a nice stroll along Park Ave in Winter Park. There are lots of great independent restaurants, cafes and bars to choose from. I love the eclectic mix of shops and the relaxed, dog friendly nature of the shops. (Although a grown woman pushing a stroller with a dog in it crosses the line from cute to just plain sad)  The stores are pricey, this is Park Ave after all, but you may just be able to find that perfect gift. Also- it would be nice if the shops stayed open later, especially on the weekends. There have been many post dinner strolls along Park where all the shops have been close by 6pm!
Park Avenue is beautiful and a favorite of mine for window shopping. Its quaint streets, cute shops, and sidewalk cafes are impressive to say the least. Unfortunately for actual purchases I go elsewhere, the boutiques and collectibles featured in the storefronts of this old world street are out of my price range for the most part. Their are a few standbys such as the Gap and Pottery Barn but the typical store on Park Avenue is that of a unique boutique only to be found here on Park Ave. with prices to match. I know this street is popular for the retired generation who are more apt to find pieces to purchase as souvenirs or gifts. The restaurants along Park are also pricey but can be worth it. Fun cafes by day turn to hip hot spots by night and can be found strung in-between store fronts. I enjoy Park Avenue, just wish I could enjoy it a bit more.
Park Ave has such a gorgeous strip of shops and restaurants, with a beautiful park across the way.  This is one of the best places to go for high-end shopping, some of the best restaurants in Central Florida, and delicious dessert shops.  It's a must-do for anyone traveling to Central Florida on vacation!  And it's worth a quick detour to check out some of the decadent, humongous homes on the bordering streets by the golf course.
Love Park Ave! its such a pet friendly place. great stores.
Park Avenue Shopping Area is as good as it gets!  I have to say this is my favorite strip of shops and restaurants in the world.  I haven't been to that many destinations but this place is legit.  They have a bunch of chain type retailers like Gap, Pottery Barn, William Sonoma, Talbots, and they have tons of small boutiques that you won't find anywhere else.  Something for everyone when it comes to shopping.  The restaurants are awesome too.  It's worth the drive to spend a half day in Winter Park if you are visiting Orlando and staying down near the attractions.  It's not cheap but you'll have a blast.  If the weather's nice, you won't want to leave.  They have all kinds of festivals, art shows, and parades and the Central Park is right in the middle of the Avenue.  One one end, it dead ends into Rollins College, on the other you will find a little golf course that is open to the public.  Walking nine holes, getting a bite to eat, followed by some window shopping while eating some ice cream or yogurt....doesn't get any better than that.  Checking out the Rollins campus, taking the scenic boat tour, and visiting the Morse Museum are must do's when you are in the area.
Park Avenue is an Orlando treasure to be sure.  The topic's name here is a misnomer because it's not particularly a shopping center and definitely is not a mall but rather an epicenter for the village of Winter Park intended for strolling along the park, having a line of great restaurants, wine bars, boutiques, ice cream shops, and a lot more.  Starting from the South, you have Rollins College as the southern point of the avenue.  The streets are filled with Rollins students all the time.  In South Park you have great restaurants like 310 Park and great wine shops like the Wine Shop and Luma.  There are also starbucks coffee restaurants and ice cream shops.  Once you get to the point on Park where the park is on your left (heading north), that's when some of the classiest bars in Orlando can be found, then a line of spas and novelty gift shops, independently owned boutiques, and hidden nooks and cranies of treasures like a great place to eat breakfast, hidden book stores of the classics and rare books, and quaint gift shops selling the cleverest of crafts.  They have a great upstairs spa in one of the buildings where you can get a top-notch massage or any other relaxing treatment that a spa would offer.  The park to the left is a great place to take kids or to stroll but don't bring your dog here because it is not allowed.  I guess they don't want dogs doing their business in the park but there are signs clearly posted everywhere to not bring your dog.  There is also a canopied theatre where they used to having midday shows but I haven't seen one there since the early 90s.  I'm sure they still use it for something.  They opened an interesting wine and cheese store to the north where you can sample many different types of wine and some of the greatest cheeses known to man.  Then there is the Briar Patch restaurant which is a great place for breakfast or a weekend brunch.  Park avenue is one of the classiest areas in Orlando, but that doesn't mean it's solely intended for the affluent.  The restaurants there are all affordable that I've been to, the bars have reasonable drinks (though you can find cheaper drinks downtown), and the bookstores have incredibly cheap books.  The only places where the prices would get high would be in apparel stores or in the wineries.  Otherwise, feel free to explore fully one of the greatest streets in Orlando.  There are plenty of hidden stores and restaurants in the back that no one knows about that end up rocking your world.  One of these is the Park Bistro.  Also, check out Park Avenue CDs for a great selection.  Also, a smoothie place that uses actual fresh fruits instead of that syrupy crap you would get at planet smoothie.  In addition to that, they have great Mediterranean food, health food, sandwiches, and drinks.  It's a classy place with hidden treasures and is intended for everyone of all demographics and ages to enjoy.
