Altamonte Mall is one of my favorite malls in Orlando. They have a wide array of very popular brand-name stores. They do have a couple smaller stores that have very good and hard to find quality products, such as Teavana, Yankee Candle and Things Remembered. They do have my two favorite stores, Victoria's Secret and Coach. I like the layout of the mall and parking is not usually too bad. Parking by Sears or JC Penny's is usually the way to go.
The Altamonte Mall is pretty much your typical mall... with just a dash of crazy. I've had to visit this mall a few times in the past year for Apple Store appointments, and I have to say those visits made an impression. There was a guy with the most explicit tattoos I've ever seen. (That's always fun when you're with your kids.) And a woman who forgot to wear anything under her sheer top. (My son totally blushed.) And then the woman who was either unaware of the gaping hole in the back of her pants, or thought it looked good. So, I'm not the fashion police, but I was honestly baffled by some of the people I saw walking around here. This is not a mall I would drop my kids off to hang out with their friends - there are just too many creepers. Strange people aside, this is a decent mall. I like the two-story layout and they have all of the basic mall shops. Like I mentioned, it is easier to get an Apple appointment here than the other locations in town, so that alone makes it worth the trip.
Nice mall with a good selection of stores and shops. I've been here countless times for one reason or the other. Typically it's because I have been on the hunt for something and the store is there. The mall is a bit far away to just go and pass the time when bored, but overall, it is a nice mall. It is a shame that the movie theatre is not attached but oh well. As mentioned, a good selection of shops.
I really like this mall. I personally wish the Sephora was a stand alone store so they could carry more product. I like most of the stores here. Usually great selection but average size women (8-10) (Medium) should try to shop on days when shipment comes in because those sizes go very fast. Parking isn't always too bad. Some days can be worse than others on holidays and weekends. Overall it's a very nice mall though most of the stores can be slightly high end.
One of the better malls around. Most of the time it's not too crowded. There are new stores opening up and they are always upgrading the features. Food court is good similar to other malls lots of sunlight shining through giving a nice sunny feel. There are restrooms located strategically so it's not too far in any direction.
10/10 will bang 24/7 711 No Matter what i am loving it like Ronald McDonald And have it my way like the King from burger king. All the time that I am in this mall with my friends, I love eating all this food and going literally insane in the main brain! ps Amber Leaf cafe Rocks
Altamonte mall has always been the best mall for the location; Florida mall and the Premium outlets is filled with too many tourists and horrible parking. Just thinking about it gives me a headache. (god they chase you like prey). There's also Oviedo mall which barely has a variety of stores. I love this mall just because it has tons of stores where I can browse and relax and hang out with friends. It gets kind of packed on the weekends, which is obvious; since they're a lot of people in my age group; i.e teenagers :) that like to hang out here. I can always rely on going here and getting what I need, in and out. There's always something new to try to eat and I've noticed they're upgrading and getting new merchants into the mall. (Yesssssss a bigger and better Forever 21!!!). They also opened a popcorn shop slab right in the middle of the mall, which I obviously cannot resist. :) Regardless, this mall is seriously awesome.
Food court needs more variety and quality. I had Chinese food today and the lo-mein was over cooked and the fried rice tasted like soy sauce!
Great mall! Better than the Seminole Town Center, which i live closer to. Barnes and Noble is a big draw for me, as well as Oceanology, The Apple Store and the great food court. Selections are better in the anchor stores as well. Only complaint is the smelly popcorn booth that recently arrived in the center court...too many mixed smells do not go good together!
Remember the days when Oviedo mall was bursting with life?.....Yeah, neither can I; and the truth is that fashion square mall isn't too far behind in it's lifelessness. It's worth making the trip out here not only because of the countless stores within the mall, but you've got many good restaurants nearby like Bahama Breeze, Seasons 52, Toojays, Elephant Bar, and of course there is the very crucial fact that Cranes Roost is walking distance from this mall. So what really makes this mall so great? It would have to be the wide variety of stores ranging from places to get awesome accessories like Coach and Aldo, to technological supplies like the Apple store, and of course no mall is complete without an Auntie Anne's. There are lots of shopping plaza's nearby as well so if for some reason you can't find what you're looking for within the mall, you would only have a drive a few blocks down to see countless other stores as well. It's a bit of a long distance from where I live but it's worth the drive.
What do I like about this mall? It's not so crowded, and it does not have a lot of kiosks in the middle aisles with people accosting you and asking, "Where are you from?" I learned quickly to keep walking in malls.  Geez. In general I'm not a mall person.  However, the occasion may develop in which I drawn to the mall.  Mainly the Apple store.  There seriously are not many stores that would drive me to shop here.   But it's nice and empty when I come.  Plenty of walking space, and I like the maps.  Yes, the maps take a minute to decipher, but once done, you'll be off in the right direction.
The Altamonte Mall is located about 1 mile East of the intersection of I4 and SR 436/Semoran Blvd in Altamonte Springs, FL. This medium sized, two story traditional (enclosed) mall is anchored by Dillards, Macy's, Sears and JC Penny. The Ulta and Barnes and Noble both have their own exterior entrance and B&N also has a mall entrance. There are several sit down restaurants (Elephant Bar and Ruby Tuesday) along with a decent sized food court offering the usual pizza, bourbon chicken, Taco Bell, Cinnabon, cookie offerings and some healthier opens with Hovan, Subway and Natures Table. During the busier holiday shopping season (Nov/Dec) several seasonal kiosks will pop up on both upper and lower levels with a variety of extra seasonal gifty goodness. There is a good mix of regular (Limited, Bath and Body Works, Body Shop, Gap) and upscale (Brighton, Coach) shops as well is a nice sized Apple store. A small Sephora recently opened in the JC Penny's on the upper level. The Macy's here is decent and does offer a full bridal/wedding department. The front mall parking lot bordering SR 436 shares space with the Sears Auto, Season's 52, Bahama Breeze and Orlando Ale House, so parking can be challenging in the front lots during prime shopping and dining hours. Take a breath and be watchful!
PROS: This is a good mall to go to with lots of shops and plenty of food/drink...as well as a theater. They also had a couple of stores for plus size women. So its something for everyone! CONS: Pretty much every store I walked into had snooty staff. At Rainbows, the cashier was very short with me and when I asked her where another store was located, she pointed in a random direction and walked off. At the candy shop, the associate was nice but everything I bought was outdated and stale. At bath and body works, I asked for a specific item and she had a tone with me and said it wasn't the right season for what I wanted and when my friend pointed something out to me, she pretty much shoved her aside and said "but this one is better." When I didn't like what she thought was "better" she got offended. We ended up leaving after only an hour.
It's ok.  Getting better.  Especially with the up and coming surrounding area of Crane's Roost Park, the neighborhood is really looking up. I remember this was the first mall I laid eyes on when I moved from PA and I thought to myself... they call this a mall? The one thing I am really not diggin' is the addition of the tattoo shop on the first level.  A tattoo shop in a mall... ummmmm... no!  It kinda made me squirm and I love tattoos - just ummm... not in a mall people!  So weird to me.   I love that Apple is now here and I don't have to drive to Millenia to fight the tourist crowd when I need a quick fix.  I love the Macy's here too, not overwhelming and convenient!   They have some ok nail and hair salons too.  I used to go here all the time but have ventured out to other locations because of other reasons but if I was in a rush, I would trust these options to hit up this mall to get my needs fulfilled.
Not the biggest or best mall I have visited.  Nonetheless, it's very clean and has all the essential stores in a mall one would need.  I also love the fact it has an Apple store!   The department stores are pretty small, so you're not going to have a large selection to choose from.     Most malls generally have plenty of comfy chairs and benches placed throughout to sit and rest, etc.  This mall has a few hard benches here and there, but not many.  They definitely need to add more so I can have a place to plop hubby down. If I want something from Coach or Apple, I'll purposely head to this mall.  Both stores have excellent customer service.  But if I want to just shop, I won't be going to this mall.
It's been years since I last was here... a good 8 at least. I was in need of some wardrobe updates, and this is pretty much the only place there is a Lane Bryant in the Orlando area anymore, so off I went on a Tuesday night. First off, I know it was a Tuesday night but, the mall had just enough people in it so that it didn't feel 'dead' but at the same time, you felt like you had the stores to yourself. And speaking of the stores, each one I went into was really well stocked. I didn't get that 'picked over' vibe, even from the sale racks! This left me somewhat stupefied, to be quite honest. I guess I'm used to going to Florida Mall where there is always a gaggle of tourists in my way, the stores are picked clean and the mall itself is well... a bit dirty. Even the Apple store wasn't crowded! Seriously! Amazing. I'm sure weekends are an entirely different story, but I tend to avoid malls on the weekend. So.. yeah. This one feels like it's farther from me (I live in SE Orlando) but it's really only a mile or two different than Florida mall. Definitely worth it. 5 big ups from me!
Totally biased review: I live within walking distance of this mall, so it immediately earns extra points for being easily accessible. Combined with the Mac store, an ADORABLE little gift and clothing store right next to the Mac store (cannot remember the name for the life of me, but it's just too sweet), a great big open-late Barnes and Nobles, my stylist at Regis, Macy's, Ulta, Coach, Guess, Bebe, White House/Black Market and Buckle.. well.. let's just say it's pretty damn rare that I need to venture to any other mall. I've heard an H&M is going where New York & Co., used to be. It remains to be seen, but once that happens I'll probably only journey to Florida Mall once a year.
Even though the Fashion Square Mall is only three miles from my house, I prefer The Altamonte Mall over all the malls I shop at.  They have all my favorite stores, like Abercrombie & Fitch, Hollister, Hot Topic, F.Y.E., JCPenney and Sears, and they have a good food court.  How many other malls have a frozen yogurt store in their food court? This is one of the few malls that has a Barnes & Noble, and it's got a nice selection of books, music and movies.   The only weird thing about this mall is that you enter on the second floor, which can be a bit confusing.  I've never understood the way they built it, but, whatever. How do you know you're in The Altamonte Mall, even if you've never been before?  You're knocked over by the smell of Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister.  You can smell it even when you're upstairs.  It's that strong!
This mall gets the job done for me. I lived in an apartment complex right behind the mall which was good and bad (for my wallet lol). Now I live between Oviedo mall and altamonte, still prefer this one. Altamonte mall has the main stores that I love to shop at. Macy's, Express, Apple, MAC, Teavana, White House/Black Market, Francesca's and H&M. This mall does not get as hectic as Florida or Millennium. AMC is close by as well which makes for a great shopping/movie date. Well maintained mall. It has two floors with a variety of stores to shop at. Hungry?? Food court has decent food, elephant bar is at the mall and nearby you have ale house and seasons 52.
I've been living in Altamonte for a long time and I must say the Altamonte Mall has definitely seen some major improvements in the past few years. Recently, they have updated the movie theater from a lowly 2 theater shack into a stadium-seating multiplex, updated the stores in the mall to now include an Apple store and Coach store as well as given Cranes Roost (located behind the mall) a very sophisticated face lift. The mall includes a good mixture of high end retailers including Coach, Apple, Macy's and Mac makeup as well as mid-level retailers. The mall also boasts flavorful restaurants such as The Elephant Bar, Seasons 52, The Ale House and Bahamas Breeze. Located adjacent to the mall is Uptown Altamonte which also boasts numerous retail stores and smaller restaurants. While the Altamonte movie theater is by far my favorite, be weary of going on Friday or Saturday evenings when it is swarmed with teenagers eager to escape the house. Overall, it is a fantastic location to shop, eat, browse, see a movie or walk  a couple miles at scenic Cranes Roost.
Although the Fashion Square mall is closer to me, the Altamonte Mall is always my first choice. With the decline of stores in Fashion Square (it's starting to look more like the Magic Mall) and the addition of Barnes & Noble, AMC, Ulta, The Elephant Bar and more upscale stores, such as Coach, Bebe and Apple, there really is no comparison. There is plenty of parking at Altamonte Mall and it's never packed, so the foot traffic has a good flow. A short walk to Crane's Roost or Uptown Altamonte and you could easily spend a whole day in this area. The Florida Mall and Mall at Millenia are great, but if you want to avoid, the crowds, tourists and traffic, the Altamonte Mall is the place to go.
I just realized that there is a Police office on the lower floor of the mall.  That, to me, is a great resource for any mall to have and yet I've rarely seen one.  So way to go Altamonte for being pro-active. Also, I wanted to mention that Black Friday starts at 12:01am here at the mall with a big event.  Rockin Shoppin Eve will bring in the Christmas shopping season with a bang.  Coffee will be served and sales will be had if you are able to stay awake after your Turkey dinner and be ready to go at midnight.
As a native of the area, I've been going to this mall since I was a kid.  In the 80s, Altamonte was the vanguard for a line of new malls in the area that included Fashion Square and Florida Mall.  These new malls eventually made the smaller malls (Winter Park and Colonial come to mind) obsolete. Altamonte is located in the "Uptown" area of the town of Altamonte Springs, just north of Orlando.  It's a two story mall with a great selection of stores, including the standard anchor stores and a large Barnes & Noble.  Other amenities include a children's play area and a food court with a great selection of different restaurants.  A really nice theater and several other shops and restaurants are nearby, and the entire complex borders Crane's Roost Park, where the city of Altamonte hosts events all year. I highly recommend this mall - it's worth the drive if you don't live nearby.  You've got all of the stores and features you need, but without the crowds and congestion of some of the larger malls like Florida and Millenia.
The GAP? Check. Baby GAP? Check. Food Court with multiple versions of Bourbon Chicken and Cinnabon? Check. Abercrombie and Hollister for teenagers? Check. Apple Store for bearded hipsters and free WiFi? Check. Barnes and Noble for leaving your husband who really, really doesn't want to be at the mall? Check! Everything you could want in a vanilla retail experience, plus a convenient two-story design keeping everything close? Check.
Awesome Altamonte! Altamonte Mall is one of my favorite malls in the Orlando area. It is quaint, away from the city hustle and bustle, and has a very atmospheric element to it. The Good: Come and Chill!: There are a million places to sit and just take a breather here, which is great when you're doing some marathon shopping, And the fact that there's a little river nearby just makes this mall feel tranquil instead of busy. Crowded?: I've been to this place several times, and I have never seen this place full of people. This could have something to do with the fact that I normally shop in the evenings, BUT I still count it as a good thing. The Bad: Generic Stores: Unlike Millenia, or even Florida Mall, there's nothing at Altamonte that really screams for a special trip. You've got all the basic mall department and specialty stores, and besides those, you're really just looking at stuff you've already seen. I really like Altamonte because it's relatively small and is almost never crowded. However, if you're looking for a unique shopping experience I would recommend somewhere else. Overall 8.8/10 Above Average Altamonte
This mall is the furthest relevant mall north, to me, in the Orlando area.  You can talk about Seminole Towne Center or Oviedo Marketplace, but they're not really fully functional. Altamonte Mall has a reasonable variety of stores in a rather (now) confined space.  To me, it offers what Florida Mall offers, but without the tourists. Traffic on Altamonte Drive/S.R. 436 is just about as bad as South O.B.T. but you can always sneak in the back way from Central Avenue, coming from Longwood. I wasn't really impressed with the food court, since my favourites are long gone but Charley's Steaks make good sandwiches, even if they're not Cheese steaks like I'd had in Philly for 8 years.  I miss Scotto Pizza, which was also in Granite Run Mall outside Philly when I moved to this area. Things change.  Altamonte Mall adapts.
Props for being 2 stories with a decent amount of stores and being close to my house. The variety and quality of stores are nothing spectacular. When given the choice I would rather go to FL or Millenia Mall. One thing about Altamonte mall is that it is usually pretty empty of people which makes shopping a little nicer. It has been around forever though and I remember when there was only this mall and Fashion Square. Hmmm... I guess I'm dating myself. Anyway, it has been updated a few times and now has a nice AMC movie theater nearby as well as a Season's 52, Ale House and Bahama Breeze all within walking distance of the mall. Most recently they added the Elephant Bar.
Malls that throw concerts? Lol. Pretty spiffy. Circa 2000 I was here for their July 4 Red Hot and Boom concert to see Filipina group One Voice. I don't remember shopping Altamonte Mall back then, but when I went there recently, they had some really nice high end stores and plenty of people were about. I was on the search for a cute evening dress and there were so many cool stores that specialized in just that. But alas, my lunch break was over when I finally found the perfect store and I would have to continue the search closer to my friend's house in the Fashion Square Mall (sigh).
I have been going to this mall before I could even walk. I remember the day they got a food court and I even had my 3rd birthday at a restaurant in the mall. I spent many hours during my teen years walking around thinking I was cool.  This is still my go to mall when I need something from a particular store. Unlike Florida and Millenia you dont have to jump over people or piles of clothing. I also love that its mostly all locals so your not getting hit by people who are carrying 50 bags with their Disney tshirts on. The food court has gone through many revamps and what other mall has an Indian place in there food court.  Parking is almost never a problem if you park on the back side away from 436.  They have most of the big name affordable stores which I love. Only down side of the mall is on Friday nights and weekends it is filled with lots of teens but I guess I cant say anything about that because I was one of them years ago.
Super close to my house and while it looked like this mall was going downhill for a bit...it has happily rebounded and boasts new stores and they're constantly trying to lure new retailers.  I like the anchor stores, but nothing is like going to the Mall at Millenia.  It's about the selection and you WILL NOT find a better one in Orlando than at the Mall at Millenia.  This mall is great if you're not looking for any particular high end goods. One gripe is that the escalator near the food court breaks on a fairly regular basis.  When I worked here for my first job ever....nearly 30 years ago....it was breaking even then.  Come on now, how difficult is it to get that fixed once and for all?!  If you're in or around this mall and need to get your nails done or a spa treatment, go to the nail salon on the upper level near the food court.  Excellent service there and they are in their new location with all new equipment.
While this mall is a bit out of the way for me, I still like to go here second to Millenia to broaden my shopping options.  They have a good variety of stores, including my current favorite (G by Guess, Guess' cheap ugly step sister).  Of course they also have the expected department stores (Macy's, Dilliards) and clothing stores (Abercrombie, Gap, AE).   The way this mall is set up makes it never seem crowded...or maybe it never is, but either way I appreciate it.  In the surrounding area within walking distance is Bahama Breeze, Elephant Bar, and Seasons 52, if you feel like skipping out on the delicious food court.
This is a mall that I don't get to venture out to often because it's literally on the other side of town from where I live, but it is a favorite. Maybe it's because I don't go there often or because it's not Waterford Lakes, where I shop most of the time, but whatever the reason the Altamonte Mall has a good mixture of shops, eateries and randomness. The newest addition is the Apple store, which I'm sure is long awaited by those Apple-addicts in the area. Among the other shops, Guess, Forever 21 and the department stores are the ones I frequent. I'm not one to follow or keep up with fashion, but this mall makes me feel somewhat in the know. I always leave with a good amount of stuff...and it's not hard to find a great deal. either Another aspect about this mall that's appealing is that it's mostly locals who shop here, which is nice. Parking is pretty well organized and I've never had a problem finding a spot. However, this mall gets rather busy during the holidays and since it's very close to I-4 it makes traffic hellish trying to get in and out of there. Perhaps another reason I avoid this place at times. Overall, I'm a fan...but wish it were just a bit closer.
Great Shopping. Clean, safe. Have just about every store you could want. Coach Apple Express Hollister A7F
At least it isn't Fashion Square....
I've only been here once but I LOVE this mall!! It has great stores (H&M, Forever 21, Express, and others). I actually didn't have time to really browse around since I was in a rush and on a mission looking for specific clothing (business professional). I found a black blazer at H&M and also a black dress to wear underneath of that. I got a pearl necklace and pearl earrings at Forever 21. and BAM my professional outfit was done! To eat they have my favorite place ever, Chick-Fil-A, and also some awesome frozen yogurt place...yummy! Two stories, large mall. I've never been to the Mall of Millenia (which is supposedly the best mall ever in Orlando), but this mall was good.
I liked the food court
great place!
I like this mall.. the parking isn't an issue due to there being several exits and entrances if you take the time to drive around. It helps in avoiding bottle necking. It's always been neat and the access between the stores is good.
Personally, I think its the best mall in Orlando. They have everything you could need. Its not touristy and packed all the time. (Just around holidays like normal.) It has good stores, and good deals. The food court is adequate, and there is always parking. There are also a lot of good stores around the mall area. I come here all the time when I need just about anything.
We dined at the elephant bar and the service and food was fabulous. Our server was on point! The manager came over and made sure all ofour needs were met. I was impressed with cleanliness of this restaurant. I would definately go back!
Still a great mall to go, alot of changes in the malls past history including an additional movie theather and the food court is still good
This is an average mall.  Food court, department stores, and side stores are the usual.  If you're east of east of 17/92, head north to Seminole Towne Center in Sanford.  Seminole Towne Center is also your average, but less crowded than Altamonte and it has a very-cool burger joint that sells beer in the food court.
My favorite mall in the Orlando area. They have every store I love, especially the Apple Store.  Its never too crowded and there is always a vast amount of parking.  Overall, a great mall.
It's ok as far as malls go. Lots of young kids hang out here on Fridays and the weekends. Pretty dead most of the time otherwise. The McDonald's just closed in the food court so that sucks. But it is a nice chill mall so still worth a trip if you're up for some shopping.
LOVE this mall. One of my favorites in the Orlando area
The Altamonte Mall is a solid mall.  We are fans because of it's location and because they have all the common stores.  It's hard to give the Altamonte Mall five stars when there is a super nice, brand new mall with higher end stores in town, like Millenia.  Four stars is fair and I have to agree with most of my fellow Yelper's comments.  Alicia P. hits all the highlights and between Stephanie L., Leslie W., and Colleen, they cover everything else.  All in all, the Altamonte Mall is a four star mall with potential to achieve the fifth one down the road.
Compared with other smaller malls in the are, like the Florida Mall, Altamonte Mall is by far the best. It has a good selection and variety of stores, it has a great food court, and even a play area for kids. If I need to go out shopping, this is definitely one of my usual stops!
My safe haven away from all the tourists. It's a longer drive from my house, but it definitely has a better selection than fashion square, & not nearly the zoo that is the Florida mall. It has all of your basics: Macy's, forever21, wet seal, bath & body.. etc. It's indoors so it's a great way to escape the Floridian heat. The food court is one of the best I've seen! It's got a wide selection of chinese, Indian, Mediterranean, and a mcdonald's if you're looking for something more familiar.
Ah, the quintessential suburban American mall.  Altamonte Mall has been there for me since I first moved to Fern Park 18 years ago.  The mall has changed slowly over time, but the basic structure remains the same.  The food court is still pretty good.  Any food court sporting a Cinnabon and the typical Chinese place is good in my book.  The Department Stores like Macy's, Dillard's, JC Penney, and Sears are all decent.  The addition of the Barnes n Noble a few years ago killed the smaller Walden Books, but the change ended up being for the better.  Classics like Hot Topic, Spencer Gifts, and the artist formerly known as electronics boutique still reside at the mall.  The exterior of the mall is unique in the different levels you get.  The new restaurant, Elephant Bar, is an Asian Fusion restaurant whose food is great and for a decent cost.  The only negative, yet necessary addition to the mall has been the AMC Altamonte 18.  It killed my childhood favorite, the Altamonte 8, but didn't fail to attract the hordes of Middle Schoolers that infested its corridors.  Parking is now very difficult and ticket prices are outrageous.  Their latest policy was to remove student discounts!  It was necessary, however, due to the population surge in Altamonte Springs at the turn of the millenium.
This is your typical American mall, pretty to look at, with a wide array of all your favorite mall variety shops. Even an indoor playground for disposing of that 5 year olds energy before dragging him on to the second level of this plaza. This mall offers nothing over the top, just a place to get done all that shopping in a light bright atmosphere or browse the latest fashions with like minded mall goers. You'll find Bebe, Aldo, Abercrombie, Ann Taylor, and even Coach here. And those are just the higlights of A-C. The upper level has a large food court, and it wouldn't be a mall if not for the prerequisite samples of bourbon and teriaki chicken, They were even handing out delicious strawberry smoothy samples from Nature's Choice, making it unnecessary to actually pay for lunch and come away with a nice mid-day snack for free.  Of course after you've tired yourself out at mall portion of this complex head across the parking lot for dinner at Bahama Breeze, a local favorite, or the new Elephant Bar theme restaurant. Then end your night with a flick at the Altamonte multiplex, also a short walk away. A whole day of entertainment without the need of your vehicle, except of course to drop off all those newly bought couldn't live without items.
