Etoile is a great little boutique! Falon, the owner, is such a sweetheart and helped my best friend and I shop for some music festival attire. Every time I've shopped in her store the workers are super nice. Despite it's quaint size, Etoile's selection of vintage clothing is on par. Some days are better than others, like any thrift store, but almost every time I leave with a unique piece that one couldn't find in any other store in the area. They also do alterations!! Definitely shop here if you're into cooky, vintage, handmade, and down right awesome clothing.
The clothes are always 'tres chic' and the little tiny store has a wonderfully curious, quirky atmosphere! Fallon, the owner, is wonderful. She is very friendly and accommodating and really has an eye for fashion. You can see this with their instagram account (making Orlandoans look FABULOUS!). I also love the jewelry and accessories made by locals. This place is like a little incubator of unique finds. I'd definitely take any too-hip-for-life Orlando-hater here to show them the other side of Orlando (plus, if they still hate Orlando, I can take them to Milk Bar or Sportstown to drink away their irrational sorrows) ;-)
Great little vintage shop, although you must appreciate vintage to get this place! Very well curated items artistically displayed. Not too stuffed with clothing, accessories, furniture and home accent pieces, but just right. I wished there were more women's stuff (and less men's) but, I guess the boys gotta go someplace for real vintage, too.
Been shopping here for years, I mainly come here for gifts, many times for the ladies in my life. Highlights for me? I love their handmade and very original jewelry. They also carry Soy candles by local "Jillian Says!" Which make great splurge for yourself or gifts! Other treasures I've picked up here in the past- retro clothes, shoes and a dapper suit case, even an original art piece. Fallon is always super sweet there. One other perk? Milk Bar is right next door if your thirsty ( :
I love the idea of this store. Katie has over 100 vendors who create handmade art, clothing and accessories and she features their items in her store. It's a beautiful business relationship between retail client and vendor! One that is very real and humble. I think that it's part of the reason that all of the prices are dynamite! Katie and her fellow business neighbors--Covert, Beta and the brand new vinyl shop, Wiggly World--have formed a modest shopping district that is definitely making an impact on the local scene. Support local business!
I just don't get the hype of this place. Every time I've gone, thinking maybe it's the day I'll find that special vintage gem that has been waiting for me, I am sadly disappointed. Almost every women's item on the rack is a very unsightly 80s/grandma style/shoulder pad nightmare. I just don't see how any young gal would find these items flattering. Their guys section is OK, but overall it's a wonder to me they're still in business. Maybe there's some secret I'm missing...but this place just doesn't do it for me.
I have been shopping at Etoile since it opened its doors a few years ago on Mills. I've never stopped going to it since. Katie, the shop owner is so helpful and friendly you feel like you are shopping in your bestie's closet while you score some amazing deals! Not only does she know how to handpick great vintage finds but, she also has hundreds of local independent vendors and brands selling their stuff too. I love the idea of community that emanates from the shopping experience at Etoile. Shopping in the "Milk District" (Etoile, Covert, Wiggly World, The Milk Bar) is seriously a great little afternoon trip on a weekend. I also happen to love Etoile's annual BBQ to commemorate it's anniversary. It is an irreplaceable part of the TRUE Orlando shopping experience, beyond the retail stores, and outlet malls.
This is my ultimate favorite vintage shop that has ever existed. Seriously had a love at first site moment last year when I locked eyes with a funky pizza necklace they sold here along with a massive deer ring. Etoile boutique is built from creativity and by every means they are sassy and spunky. Just a run down of what the store carries: button downs, feather headbands, rompers, hand made jewerly, floral tops, high waisted shorts, vintage dresses, loafers, knitted pieces, scarfs, bow ties. This is not your average boutique. The owner selects the finest pieces of vintage goodies to sale in the store. They make shopping a breeze at this place since all the attire is stuff I want to take home to my closet! The owner Katie is adorable and extremely helpful. She went out of her way to go inside her car to pull out additional vintage belts so I can buy them. No wonder this store gets alot of recognition. Awesome workers+ amazing store caused me to have a love affair with the fashion here so I visit sporadically to purchase goodies. Shopping local does indeed have it's benefits!
Katie Reynolds has created something special with Downtown Orlando's Etoile Boutique.  Originally located on Mills Avenue in the semi-resurgent ViMi district, Etoile has moved to East Robinson Street near the TG Lee Dairy. Etoile specializes in clothing and accessories that are handmade, rare, and one-of-a-kind.  Both men and women will be able to find something to light their respective fires, though truth be told the ladies own a bit more real estate inside Etoile's "little house."   Reynolds promotes local, handmade and under-the radar designers and artists, including her own label, A Rare Bird. Etoile's products are definitely geared toward the creative, the progressive, and those crafting a look that is a little left-of-center. Etoile is located behind the Covert skate shop between Primrose Drive and Bumby Avenue on East Robinson Street.
What took me so long to make it to this shop?? I was surprised by the variety and selection of stuff going on here. The girl that owns the shop is so polite. That really makes a shopping experience nice. I was kind of browsing around with no goal in mind but ended up finding a really nice vintage top for an awesome bargain. My only regret is not  having been here sooner. What a fool!
What a fun shop to go to! I have been hearing a lot about Etoile Boutique and I finally got to stop in today. I agree with Daya A...it's not your average boutique...you can tell the shop owner and workers pick the finest and best items to feature in their store and you will definitely find something you like. They have a ton of clothes, jewelry (very unique jewelry too), shoes, purses, etc... Another great find that I got today was soy candles made by JillianSays. There were tons of scents but I went with Macintosh Apple. I swear you, it is the best smelling candle I've ever bought. I'm sitting on my couch, writing this review, and I keep getting whiffs of that delightful smell. There were also some soaps and even some doggie soaps! It's a small shop but it's a great shop. The two employees that were there were really nice and it was a pleasure having someone to carry on a conversation with. They told me all about their deals and their new stuff and how often they get new things (at least every week). Definitely check out Etoile Boutique - you'll definitely find some great items!
FINALLY made my way to Etoile after hearing wonderful things! What a great, eclectic mix of fun shopping and gift ideas! The only real reason I took a star off of this was because the girl working in the store wasn't too friendly. She said hi when I came in, but then didn't say anything at all to me while I shopped... and then asked me what $1.50 times 4 was (when I bought 4 pins priced at $1.50 each)... um... isn't that YOUR job?! Other than that, loved everything in the shop! I was shopping for a gift and had a hard time deciding because of the great selection of handmade items! Some really great finds in here!
The entire Milk District is a great place to spend a weekend afternoon or lazy evening! Etoile has some fantastic vintage and hand-made finds - I even sell my own hand-made knits there! Definitely give it a visit if you haven't yet.
Very cool place to shop. Always find really awesome scores and they do alterations too. Owner is very sweet and helpful. One of the better Milk / Mills 50 shops.
One of a kind pieces, great interior decor & the selection is great. Located in The Milk District, next to Covert Skate shop, Etoile Boutique brings originality and flare to an area that was in need of new life.
Never do I ever... Have a bad experience at this store? We all like talking to people right? Why not at your friendly neighborhood vintage store? I got directions to more cool things to do within the local area by ball of joy Maria? Don't miss this place on your way into Orlando for some fun.
I adore this place!  This little boutique is filled with the coolest and most unique clothing, accessories and home decor.  And the mother daughter duo who own/ run this shop are just so nice and down to earth!  Fallon made me feel like we had been friends forever, even taking the time to show me how to place some hair barrets in my hair. I was really impressed by how kindly I was treated.  Can't wait to go back!
Etoile is the kind of business that makes it fun to shop in Orlando. Interesting selection of handmade clothes and accessories. Prices are fairly reasonable and the staff is super friendly.
Etoile is French for "star", and this place earned five of them for being unique, trendy, and cool. It's simply a fun place to go. The milk district is full of great places
I still love this place! Hadn't been in for a while, but stopped by earlier this week after seeing a picture that the store put on Facebook of a shirt they had that I wanted. I went in to try it on and found several other shirts that I ended up trying on as well, several of which I ultimately purchased. I got I think 4 shirts for a little more than $50. Though the prices are a little more steep than I remember (my initial review suggested that E.B. was very affordable), the quality of the items makes up for it. I'm very pleased with the shirts I bought and am going to do my best to stop in here with more of a regularity.
Fantastic selection.  It's definitely a pleasant surprise to when you walk in the store, and the owner is so nice and helpful.
I hadn't been back to visit Orlando (where I am from) in about a year and was so happy to see it's getting a bit more hip, bit by bit. Etoile Boutique is another shop that Orlando desperately needed! Enough of the strip malls full of chain stores! Etoile is a place to find fun vintage clothing and other items and also handmade goods from around the country. I enjoyed the variety in what was for sale, and picked up a handmade necklace and handmade soap while I was browsing. The owner, Katie,  was very energetic and you could tell having this shop was a dream for her! Definitely make sure to check this place out, and it's neighboring shops, next time you're in the "milk district"
Great selection of vintage and local! Just a great place. I'm so glad I went on a recent trip to Orlando.
The best Vintage store in Orlando! They even sell tons of handmade items (the candles are my favorite). Worth checking out for sure!
Wish I could give it 0 stars it's been more than 3 months since they ruined my 2 pairs of true religions and they still haven't refunded me or given me any compensation even though I offered for them to only pay for one pair. I wish I could add a picture of what they did the jeans but I don't see that feature. Now they're telling me one lady was fired and she was the one who was supposed to pay me back. I'm calling my lawyer and the BBB if they don't resolve it this week..
Little Katie Reynolds has the best style in everything! Her teeny tiny store is jammed packed with vintage finds and one-of-a-kinds. Every so often she dazzles the town with a craft fair, fashion show or an in-store BBQ. Located at on East Robinson Street , this is another must see in the Orlando area. The store carries a variety of locally handmade fashions. Anything from matching sweater sets for you and your pup, to hand stitched skirts and shirts. Many local labels and artists are represented here, including Katie's own brand, A RARE BIRD. She specializes in whimsical flutter-bye style jewelry and vintage inspired dresses. Most everything in-store is on consignment. Local brands include, but are not limited to: Naughty Secretary Club, IF YOU NASTY vintage, British Teeth and Cripple Creek. New lines are added everyday. If you are a local artist you may as well try stopping on by. See if your own gems might be a pleasent fit for the boutique. With gals like Katie, our little city sure seems up-and-coming.
What a great place! I'm one that is usually sold on customer service and this place had me before I could even get a good look at the merchandise. Griselle the seamstress is amazing! Very sweet and full of helpful tips for a new girl in town. How great is it to have an alteration shop in a vintage store?? With no appt needed? As an avid thrifter and vintage shopper I come across those great pieces that would be perfect if only it was taken in a bit  or cut this way or that. I'm foreign to a sewing machine, so its nice to know of an alteration shop with great prices plus a vintage appreciation that will be able to see my vision for the clothing. Its a small shop so you're not overwhelmed, but has a good variety that they change around often and feature a few vendors unique goods. Jewelry, clothes, shoes, glasses and other accessories plus candles, and home ware. Its definitely a cool shop worth visiting.
Love it here! Wish their space was bigger and there was 10 times as much inventory to rummage through.  The picks are great though and I love all the handmade things too!
I am IN LOVE with this place! I don't live locally and sure wish I did so I could visit this boutique regularly! Tiny but inviting and well-curated. The layout of the store is almost inspiring. The space is used purposely without giving the impression of being crammed with inventory. The collection of vintage items are all in impeccable condition! Clean, free of holes and signs of wear, all at a reasonable price. And the men's section is one of the best I've encountered! They also have a wonderful selection of locally made jewelry and accessories that really stand-out as compared to other places I've visited. I must mention the owner, Fallon, who really made this shopping experience memorable for me. She was sweet and very helpful and hand-selected items for me that were flattering to my body type and 100% my style. I am so encouraged by shops like this that value their community, put so much care into their inventory, and provide outstanding service. Highly recommend checking out them out!
This place is so awesome! It's small but each item is so unique. I would definitely suggest checking it out
After reading all these reviews I have to admit I was shocked at how teen tiny this place is. The decor of the shop is cute, inviting but small (and as previously mentioned, well curated).  I did really dig the jewelry and I walked out the owner of a couple of new rings.  The store owner was really nice too and did her best sell me on the merits of the much hyped Milk District.  If you are in the hood, check it out but I wouldn't recommend burning up too much fuel to get here.
