Just recently went back and can't wait to go again. It was a Saturday lunch buffet. $8.95. Their tandoori chicken is the best I've ever had. There were remnants of a paste on the chicken and it had the perfect salt/spice ratio. I passed on the dosas that they bring to your table and just went for the naan they bring. Warm and a right-out-of-the-oven crisp. 4 triangle pieces brought to my 1 person table. Husband and I had frequented the place years ago and we must make it a tradition with our kids after this last visit.
I quite enjoy the food at Dosa grill.  Everything I have had during my three visits has been flavorful and fresh.  I haven't had any issues with things being too salty.  For my first two visits, the staff was attentive and friendly.   My last visit was not so pleasant.  My friend and I ordered an appetizer, some naan, and two dishes to share.  The waiter repeated what we ordered back to us.  We thought we heard him say everything, but I guess we were wrong because we did not get one of the dishes.  We were not upset and we asked another waiter politely if the 2nd dish was still coming.  He said he would check on it and asked what it was.  We didn't remember the name but he asked if it was something and we said sure, though it would have been nice to get a menu again so we could confirm.  (We ended up getting the wrong thing, but it was fine because it was tasty.) The first waiter came back and leaned in to my friend and kept repeating that he had told us our order and we had agreed with it.  He said this over and over.  My friend apologized for not hearing him correctly and I had to intervene to say that it was not a problem and it was just a misunderstanding and that we were not upset.  He walked away muttering and my friend was very uncomfortable. The second waiter brought our second dish over and was apologetic for not bringing it out earlier.  We said it was not a problem - just a mis-communication. The first waiter came over another time to check on us.  I told him everything was fine.  He then came over with rice pudding and apologized to my friend, which was nice to do, but it didn't make up for the earlier confrontation. This saddens me because I really like the food here and had previously been treated well.  But watch out if you have a mis-communication, even if it's something you're not upset about, because you might get confronted.  I think this might have been a different story with a different waiter as the other one was very understanding about the mix up. I don't know why you would blow up at a paying customer when they are not even angry about the situation, it was just a simple misunderstanding!  Disappointing.
Asked the owner about his specialities and he recommended the Dosa which we ordered. It came with 3 sauces for dipping-coconut, lentil soup, & tomato. Usually i prefer one sauce over the others but all 3 were tasty accompaniments to the Dosa. The Dosa were crispy on the outside, warm and spicy inside with potato, pickled cabbage and chickpeas. Sounds odd, right?  It was delicious and i had to hold back so i had room for dinner! We ordered garlic naan-crispy outside  with a chewy soft interior. Flavor profile was right on. Also ordered 2 entrees. Chicken saag &  lamb were well spiced and complex. It was served with raita to cool it down. The owner brought us a complimentary coconut rice dessert at the end of the meal. We were completely stuffed but threw caution to the wind and ate it all anyway. Loved the food at Dosa Grill. They know their way around Indian food.
To put it in one sentence, they knocked it out of the park.  I'm no Indian food expert but I got hooked while studying abroad in Scotland and the best restaurants were Indian.  I have been to more than a few Indian restaurants since then. My girlfriend and I went there for dinner on a Saturday at about 5:30 PM and were seated immediately.  We had the 'special mango drink' and it was great.  For appetizers we had the cheese pakoras (just OK) and the vegetable samosas (very good).  We got the Chicken Tikka Masala (awesome) and one other chicken dish (just a couple down on the menu from the Tikka) as well as some whole wheat bread.   The staff was very attentive and helpful, even suggesting a different menu item when we picked two very similar ones by accident.  They seem to utilize a group setup and we had one main server but were helped by everyone working there at different times. I would definitely go back, we'll probably try the buffet next time though.
Best Indian food in Syracuse
I do not customarily post a review of any restaurant until it's been open for at least a few months and had a chance to work the kinks out - but Dosa grill was good enough on my first visit that it deserves some immediate notice. In a small strip plaza, Dosa Grill occupies the space that previously housed Pickles Kosher Style deli. This is a fairly small space with about six to eight booths on the side walls, and tables to seat another 40 or so people.  I am told that the owners already operate two restaurants in Utica - one of which is Minar Fine Indian Cuisine. Burgundy tablecloths, solid and heavy flatware and decent glassware all indicated attention to detail. Decor is quite simple, but the lighting is subdued and the atmosphere pleasant. Along with the standard menu, I was offered a separate dosa menu. These are a South Indian specialty akin to a crepe, and like crepes, are available in both savory and sweet varieties. I'll reserve the dosa experience for another visit when I have people to share the meal with.  For this meal I stayed with familiar items, in order to have a benchmark for comparing Dosa Grill with other local Indian restaurants - including one that opened earlier this year on Erie Blvd East. My order:  Lentil soup, Chicken Tikka Masala, and garlic naan.   The lentil soup was a big disappointment - watery, seasoned so lightly that it was not flavorful, and served at a temperature that was unbearable (nearly at the boiling point.)  The lentil soup I've had in multiple other Indian restaurants has been notably better.   Fortunately, the soup was the only disappointment.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was excellent.  I requested it to be hot (spicy) and it was perfect. The dish was fiery enough to have some bite, but I could still taste the chicken and the subtlety of the seasonings in the sauce.  The garlic naan was outstanding - perhaps the best naan I've had to date. Crispy on the edges, a hint of butter or oil (but not oily) and just the right amount of rise and texture in the dough. Total bill including tax but not including tip was just over $19.  At 7 PM on a Wednesday the restaurant was packed and there was a 15 minute wait for a table. Reservations are accepted and recommended - even on weeknights.  I am tickled - until now my best local Indian option required a drive out to Liverpool  - now I have good Indian food less than five minutes from home - nice.
THEY HAVE A LUNCH BUFFET. Need I say more? OK, I'll say more: as far as Indian lunch buffets go, I've tried out quite a few, and they are usually hit or miss. In my entire dining career, I've only encountered 2 Indian lunch buffets that are amply delicious enough to forego ordering anything additional off the menu. This one, and another in LA. I went with my boyfriend and a friend for lunch on a Saturday (WEEKEND LUNCH BUFFET OH MY GAAAAWD!) and were impressed by the variety and selection of food in the buffet. Usually tandoori chicken dries out when it's in a buffet tray for long, but their's was succulent and fresh. Which indicates a few things about this establishment: 1) quality control and/or 2) that chicken was flyin' off the shelves, yo! Judging by the size of the Saturday lunch crowd and the voracity with which we were consuming our food, I'd guess they had to keep replenishing everything at a regular intervals, which means lots of hot, fresh, tasty Indian food. This place is vegetarian-friendly, family-friendly, and budget-friendly. Definitely go! UPDATE: The lunch buffet only goes until 2:30, so get there early!!! UPDATE 2: They have a WEEKEND BUFFET. And it goes 'til 3! cuh-razy! (crazy good!)
I have eaten in this restaurant for atleast 4 times . Haven't  been completely satisfied with any visit. No Dosa in Dosa Grill on Tuesdays is disappointing and ironical. Anyways, the sambar with dosa is pathetic and crap. Vegetable manchurian had a lot of  salt, that much sodium is unhealthy.
Probably as good as Indian food gets in the Syracuse area.  3.5 stars.     As Margo R. pointed out already, despite the restaurant name suggests Southern Indian cuisine, Dose Grill offers mostly Northern Indian food.  Lots of meat dishes (chicken, goat, and lamb), in thick and creamy curries or sauces, spice level moderate.  All "standard" entries are offered like masala, vindaloo, tandoori and kabobs, and they do a nice job keeping the meat tender.   Lunch buffet offers excellent value; there are usually 4 or 5 meat dishes and an equal number of vegetarian dishes, one biryani, chicken tandoori, loads of chutney / sauces / raita / pickles, and a couple of dessert dishes.  On weekends, they also throw in special appetizers like paani puri and bhel.   We also had s masala dosa once, it was included in the weekend lunch buffet.  A good South Indian restaurant would make it thinner and crispier, their version is okay but fills the void. Staff are very friendly and helpful.   I encourage you to visit this place if you are in Syracuse area and looking for (Northern) Indian food.
I'm not a big fan of Indian fare but occasionally I'm struck with a strange craving for its distinct flavor. Dosa Grill recently satisfied said craving. We visited on a Saturday evening (around 7) and were surprised to discover that the restaurant was full. I've only been to the restaurant once before - about a year ago - and it was very quiet at the time; I didn't realize Dosa had been discovered and become so popular. We only waited a few minutes for a table, but I recommend making reservations on the weekend. I was with a party of five and we started with two appetizers. I only sampled the cheesy naan and it was delicious - warm, fresh, soft and just a little chewy. For my entree, I chose a very simple, not very adventurous, dish: fried rice. There's probably not much that could go wrong with fried rice but still, it's worth saying that it was very good. I would get it again but add chicken to it. The portions are generous and the staff is friendly. Our bill was about $70, which I think is very reasonable for a lot of good food. With dim lighting and warm decor, the ambeince is nice. After reading others' reviews and viewing fellow diners' dishes, I plan to try a dosa on my next visit.
Dosa is great. They have a Monday night buffet, which my partner and I enjoy. He is gluten free and I am vegetarian. We find that we can always find plenty there to choose from. I've also gone for lunch which was also delicious. I've actually never been when their wasn't a buffet but my favorites are kormas and curries. The dosa they serve at your table is fantastic. I had never had it before!
I am from Charlotte North Carolina, and stopped by Dosa Grill while in the area. First off let me start by saying that I travel all over the country with my company and find myself trying different Indian restaurants everywhere I go. The service was excellent. I had the chicken tikka masala and it was amazing. This has to be one of the top three Indian restaurants out of about 50 that I have been to. I highly recommend if you are in this area stop by and say hello to Aman.
I give it 5 stars as the Indian food is far superior than all of the other indian restaurants in the area.  Also, the service was good and people were friendly.   I would recommend the masala dosa, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, and dal makhani.  I definitely plan to go again! Edit:  After going back a few times I have to say the food quality has down a little bit and I am taking it down to 4 stars.  Let's spice it up a little bit and add some creativity to the traditional indian fare!
Love the food. The weekend lunch buffet and the monday dinner buffet are good. Dosas can be better. Overall nice food.
Excellent food, attentive service! Great place overall, and the portions are very generous!
Wide variety of choices on the buffet for $8.95!  Mostly vegetarian with two chicken dishes.  Also, very attentive service even when busy.  The area is quite attractive.
Lunch buffet is a great value here. Pretty much the only reason to come here and it's the only Indian place close to one of my offices.   Food: Standard lunch buffet Indian fare with AYCE (all you can eat) salad, chickpeas, tikka masala, curry, rice, etc. It's not the best I've ever had, but for $7, it is really a great value for a quick noon-time lunch. Nothing notably excellent or wrong with the food, just standard Indian fare. Service: the staff is really working hard here, especially during the busy lunch rush. They always are asking if you need anything, bringing you baskets of AYCE naan, water, another napkin (ha!). The manager was running the cash register the last few times I was there, he was busy as hell. Ambiance: well, there are mirrors on a wall that many people check their hair in (I also was leaving once and found a rather large stain on my shirt from something I ate). So I guess that is somewhat nice....? And, well, that's about it. Oh yeah, they play Indian music too. For serious food lovers, this is probably not the Indian place for you. Those that are seeking great value and/or a quick lunch, definitely try this place out!
Food was good. Service was good as well. Chef made special Tea for us which felt so good after a tiring drive. Mango Lassi was a disaster but other wise we were satisfied.
We used to love going here - even reviewed it for four stars previously. But the quality of food has deteriorated. If we ask them to make our curry spicy, all we get is red colored food with what seems like extra spice added on top. The red color doesn't go even after washing hands innumerable times after dinner! There is little consistency is the food quality. We have decided to not go here from now on.
First off, excellently trimmed chicken.  If I have to chew thru....I'm done.  They did a fabulous job there. For 8.99 the buffet is a hit, and a great way to try different dishes/variations to old ones.  I do agree that the chicken tiki has a Campbell's soup feel, but where they shine is the veggie dishes....from eggplant to zucchini and everything in between they hit the mark.  Naan was soft delicate pillows of power to chickpea bliss.  I tend to eat on the side of spicy, so i was a little let down when their standard red was as hot as it gets.  If you have an itch for Indian, this is the best choice in the 'cuse region
Went for the buffet with our two girls- ages 11 and 8. What a wonderful surprise! The food is savory and delicious. The buffet contains a wide variety that even our girls could appreciate. The service was wonderful as well. I only wish we lived closer so we could go more often.
Been twice for the lunch and dinner buffets.  You get a good selection of foods both veg and non-vegetarian.  I am not as adventurous when it comes to Indian food but really liked their chicken tikka masala.  Their desert was great, they had this mango pudding and rice pudding that were a nice surprise.   Overall, solid food at a great price.
Seriously some of the best indian food I have ever had in my life. I loved the Daal, Dosas, and the Naan. The Spicy Goat Curry, was succlent, well cooked, spicy, and rather close to life changing. The perennial classic of Chicken Tikki Masala was well cooked, sweet, excellent sauce, and really quite fabulous. I would highly recommend any of their goat and lamb dishes as you won't find better prepared in the Syracuse area. Eating here was truly a culinary delight. I highly encourage you to enjoy your food family style with a group and share between you.
Dosa Grill is a great experience for those that know and love Indian food and newbies alike.  They have a great buffet for lunch which can introduce people to the flavors of Indian cooking beyond naan or tandoori chicken.  My husband is always hesitant to try new things, but he even found the food at Dosa Grill approachable and delicious.  Beyond the buffet, Dosa Grill has a great menu.  I love the wide-variety of vegetarian dishes including Muttar Paneer which is a combination of peas and chunks of Indian cheese in a delicious tomato, onions, and spice sauce.  Another great entry is the Dal Makhni which is a combination of black lentils, onion, ginger, and garlic.  Basically the food is great.  We've never ordered anything and been disappointed. Beyond the food is the great service.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.  They are willing to offer suggestions, explain dishes, etc.  Often they will bring out dishes such as dosas or desserts to sample at no charge.  Syracuse is lucky to have a restaurant like this in the area.
I love good Indian food and I found that the Dosa Grill has an inexpensive, delicious lunch buffet with dishes for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.
This place seems to think they have a monopoly on indian food in syracuse.  This might be true, they're always packed.  Go to liverpool (ten minutes away), there's some good indian places there.  Food was good, but definitely not healthy (I needed a gallon of water when I got home from all the salt).  We had terrible service too, dishes were literally thrown on our table and our waiter was visibly irritated when taking our orders.
Great addition the Indian food options in Syracuse! Had dinner with 4 other people the other night and all the dishes were good. The bread was really tasty, the garlic what ever bread was perfect for mopping up your plate of food. They did switch one order and it took us awhile to figure it out, by then the person that ordered mild had struggled to eat a bit of a medium dish. Otherwise, the service is really outstanding, with a bevy of dapper Indian fellas that really no how to pace a meal. I hate when everything comes out so fast, almost as bad as when it takes way to long, the timing was right on for us that night. BEWARE: they do not have a liquor license but allow you to bring in your own wine or beer, so on the one hand, that cuts down the bill quite a bit, on the other, though, if you do not know this ahead of time you are going to go without. The best dish was probably the mango chicken, with the spinach chicken second.
Real indian food.  Their dosas are terrific, idli are great.  Go to the appetizer menu and order pani puri and bhel puri: I have not even SEEN these Mumbai street foods in this area before.  Yes, they do all the standards that everybody else does, but that's not the point !  They have different stuff and it is great.  Do this experiment: order a pani puri and bhel puri appetizer, the dosa of your choice, and wash it down with a salt lassi.  Then try to get this anywhere else in town.  NOW you know why you love this place.
Terrific all the way around. Had my first dosa here and loved it. Great service and I loved how someone was constantly filling your water glass unprompted.
Awesome food!
Best Indian food in Syracuse!  We eat in or take out at least once a month and are never disappointed.   It is nice to go into the restaurant to get helpful suggestions from the wait staff on different menu items to try.  Additional bonus is that you get a ton of food which makes a nice second meal - our family always orders a variety of items and share.  All of our dishes have been so fully seasoned that we can order the vegetarian items or meat items and they are both satisfying.  Our favorite dishes are garlic naan, any of the dosas, chicken or shrimp vindaloo and anything with the Marsala sauce.  They are also willing to adjust the spice levels to order and are very willing to have great heat if you can handle it!  Definitely worth a trip.
I've only ever been there for the lunch buffet but for $9 you really can't beat it. The only problem is I end up eating so much of the naan that I'm full within the first few bites of chicken tikka masala. Servers are always attentive and the restaurant is always clean and inviting. Highly recommended.
The good news is that there is room for improvement. The crew there is clearly busting their humps and working hard to work out the wrinkles of a new restaurant, but our recent visit Saturday night had every link in their food delivery chain extremely stressed.  Food came late. Getting the check took even longer.  Food was ok.  Great mango lasso but the tandoori shrimp was borderline unedible (funky bad  flavor!).  The only thing that worked smoothly was the lady filling up the water glasses. She hit our glasses over a dozen times during dinner.   All in all I say make the drive to India house in Liverpool. It is light years ahead in quality of service and food.
It was good and clean. Worth a try if you like Indian. Buffet has a lot of options.
I'm not an expert on gourmet Indian food, but I have been to several Indian buffets, and this one was definitely solid.  Kind of wish the naan wasn't dipped in butter and seasoning, and it's awkward how they bring stuff to your table that you don't want to eat, but those are minor gripes for sure.
Love, love, love their dosas.  Cannot say we tried anything else.  Had a craving for South India dosas and this definitely hit the spot!
I had this last weekend. I came in for the lunch buffet on Sunday. The spread was limited to ten-12 dishes. Many of it were different sauces but they also had chicken and rice. I enjoyed the experience a lot because of the great service. The staff is seems family operated. My water was always filled and they were very attentive to my needs.
I don't get it at all. I had a very different experience than the majority of the seemingly positive reviews listed on yelp. Quite frankly the food was terrible! I ordered Masala Dosa and Chicken Jalfrezi. Somehow the restaurant managed to make both incredibly bland. Bland!! It's Indian food, it should not be bland! Not to mention, the restaurant is called Dosa Grill - how could they mess up a dosa? I get that a lot of people like cheap lunch buffets, but I want good food and I can't say Dosa Grill is where I can get that.
i can't offer a whole lot more than stephanie's very good review, below.  this place is really good, and hits several important high notes.  first is the idea that for lunch - a buffet.  i know, i know... a buffet is extremely hit or miss.  when they are bad or even so-so they are a not-fun experience.  however, when they're good - and dosa was nearly impeccable - they are a fantastic dining experience.  such was the case here. we went on a thursday at about 11:30 when they open.  by 12:30 when we left the place was nearly full, so keep that in mind.  clean, neat, inviting atmosphere, friendly and efficient service.  the food was excellent - steaming hot, inviting presentation, perfectly seasoned.  one of those places where nearly every mouthful i was doing the happy-groan... "mmmmuhhh."  it's been a few days but, literally, i've been daydreaming about the food, wanting to go back as soon as i can.  go.
Highly recommend Dosa Grill.  Enjoyed the lunch buffet and loved everything I had.  Cozy atmosphere too.  Excellent value.  Wish I could have some of their chicken tikka masala, spinach and cheese, and chicken kebabs right now!
Solid 4 to 4.5 stars.   Ambience is probably the best of all the local Indian restaurants. .. my choice for date night of you want Indian.   Food is usually very fresh.  Nice variety.  Good service.  Butter chicken sauce a bit to tomatoey but overall a high recommendation.
Pretty average North Indian food - even though the name of the restaurant leads you to believe it specializes in dosas, a South Indian treat.  FYI - the only way you can get dosas here is at the weekend buffet.  Other than the dosas, everything else on the menu is standard North Indian (chicken tika masala, biryani, lamb vindaloo).  A friend claims she had an upset digestive system after eating here once.  I've never had that problem.  But sometimes the food looks and tastes a little less than fresh.  And this is a far cry from top notch Indian restaurants with a tandouri clay oven for making naan (BTW - their garlic naan is sprinkled with garlic powder, not filled with fresh garlic).  For now Dosa Grill and Sahota Palace (in Liverpool) are my two favorite Indian restaurants in Syracuse.  But I have to restate: the food here is pretty average.
I love Dosa Grill.  The staff is super friendly and I think their food is great.  It's also the best buffet I've had in the area.  I love the diversity of the food you can get compared to other Indian places in Syracuse.  The service isn't super speedy, but they are attentive.  I don't have one bad thing to say! One of my new favorite restaurants and definitely my favorite Indian joint in the area.
I am a repeat customer, and I go back to Dosa Grill for 2 reasons: food quality and service...both are excellent at Dosa Grill. I am not crazy about buffets...but I love a good Dosa...and they are hard to find in Syracuse! I'll take a Dosa with sambar and coconut chutney any time. These guys went out of their way to make my birthday visit special...even made me a complimentary, special dessert....sooji halva! I highly recommend Dosa grill, and I look forward to my next visit!
$8,000 buffet??? Are you prepared for lunch to turn into an ambulance ride to the Emergency Department? If you have a food allergy you better get your epi-pen ready before you go to dine at Dosa. Make sure you've got your health insurance card... and your phone to call 911... Indian food is my favorite! Pickings are slim in Syracuse and I was so excited when Dosa Grill came to town. Since its opening we have eaten there on a very regular basis. Its not the greatest food, but the dosas are special. The service friendly. I went there often-- sometimes weekly-- because, as I said...I love Indian food. My twin  daughters have a life threatening nut allergy. We love to eat out but are very, very careful in restaurants.  For twenty years we have avoided trouble. But their lives are essentially in the hands of the restaurant establishment -- which, as in this case, can be very scary. We need to trust that they understand and take our issue seriously.  And it is for this reason that we always ask. We ask... over and over and over again... about the inclusion of nuts. We explain the allergy. We explain the consequences. We act it out...clutching our throats and collapsing on the table. We go through every food item-- when we order, and again when it arrives at the table. Sometimes we involve the manager. Our last experience ( and I mean our last!) at Dosa involved a sauce that apparently had cashew in it. We asked when we ordered. We asked when the food arrived. We asked again when they started to have trouble breathing. We sent the waiter to the kitchen three times to check with the chef. Each time he returned and said there were absolutely no nuts in the food. My daughters were getting increasingly symptomatic, uncomfortable and frightened..  On the third trip, following my mounting anger and increasingly loud and demonstrative expression of distress,  he returned and said sheepishly that --"possibly" there was "a very little bit of cashew" in the sauce. A very little bit? Seriously? My feeling is that when you say you have a life-threatening allergy to a certain food,  the restaurant should not  serve it to you -- either out of carelessness or by trying to sneak  "a little bit" of that food past you...We immediately left the restaurant, got on the road, heading in the direction of the hospital. We did not make it. I had to pull off the road, use the epipens, call 911. Fortunately I am a physician, though this did not prevent either of my daughters from having full blown anaphylaxis. Two ambulances to the ER! Eight thousand dollars in medical bills later, my girls are traumatized but thankfully, ok. An expensive lunch in many ways.
Very good place for a nice meal. I've never gone here and been disappointed. Staff is always friendly and provide great service.
This is the first Indian Restauraunt in the Syracuse area that I really like!  Great buffets at lunch and Mondays for dinner!  Love the  Masala Chicken and their dosas! Oh, and did I say how good their warm paneer was!  The waiters were very attentive and constantly checking to see if there was anything I needed.  Great experience all the way around!
Dosa Grill was always a convenient lunch choice when I was in Syracuse~ Whenever I ate here, there was always only a handful of other customers. The staff are courteous and not hovering, which is nice when all I want to do is eat, eat, eat. Good naan and AMAZING lamb vindaloo, eyyyyyy~ Their kheer is the BEST I HAVE EVER HAD, and I wish I could find an adequate replacement, but ALAS!
I am of South Indian descent so dosas are very familiar to me. I came here one day with one of my friends for dinner. We both ordered dosas that came with a few chutnies and sambar ( traditional veggie soup that you eat with dosas). Everything was okay. The dosa was too buttery and the sambar was pretty flavorless. The service was very good and the waiter even sent us home with fresh sambar with the leftover dosas.  It's a good alternative to some of the other Indian places in Syracuse that only have more typical restaurant fare like tikka masala and palak paneer.
pretty average indian food , but i guess were low on that in syracuse and hence gotta put up with some shabby service
The food was good on the buffet. My only complaint was that it was heavy on the vegetarian side. They had one fish dish and one chicken dish on the buffet, the rest was veggie. No lamb or goat. Next time I will order from the menu.
We have been three times and found the food very good. Last night my wife had to use the bathroom and found it to be filthy. I do not think we will be back, if the bathrooms are dirty what is the kitchen like?
I really like this place. It's a nice place to come with friends, and almost everyone I know has enjoyed the food. I love the variety, and the courtesy of the service is outstanding.  I've treated my teaching assistants to the buffet lunch, and that's been a big hit, as well.
