You will always find something great at Dechoes! Offering a wide selection of barely used designer goods, where could you go wrong? From Prada to Chanel, if you are addicted to labels and like getting them for a bargain price then Dechoes is your place! If you do not plan on shopping but have some stuff just lying around why not sell it? All you have to do is call and make an appointment. They will always offer you a fair price for whatever it is that you are selling. On the first Wednesday of each month, they open their store for an evening party called, "Wine Not". It is a cool little venue where they offer food, drinks, live entertainment and of course, shopping! Just be careful the Dechoes punch is lethal! The owners of Dechoes really care about making their store succeed.  You can tell just by walking in and experiencing the ambiance. From the brightly colored walls to the little decorations on each shelf. Shopping at Dechoes is always a blast!
I was not offered a drink upon entering compared to the service at Colonial area. So booooo to that service! However - This place has wayyyyy better selection of Clothing! The high end luxury items I still think Colonial area carries that the most. This is a bigger spacier branch than Colonial also the staff here are not as friendly as Colonial. The stars goes for the clothing selection and store sq footage. I rather go to colonial because its closer to my area but If im passing through WinterPark I wouldnt mind stopping by here!
Dechoes is definitely one of the best resale shops in town.  There are usually a handful of nice items I want to grab anytime I stop by.   The staff is always friendly and the store itself has a nice overall vibe.  Definitely worth taking the time to check out.
Eclectic selection is clothing and accessories.   They buy high-quality apparel and then resale to the public.  Neat selection and it smells great inside.  Worth a visit in college park.
I was looking for reviews on here about how they buy products and didn't find any. Completely forgot to go to the website and wish I didn't because I wasted twenty minutes driving to the store and going in only to find out I have to call a number and make an appointment. PLUS if you're selling "high-end" products (I have slightly worn Coach shoes I'm trying to get rid of because I never wear them) you have to get a quote from the owner ONLY. I'll repost after my appointment how it breaks out, but for anyone else that's selling goods -- CALL BEFORE YOU GO to make an appointment.
Hello happiness!  My daughter loves, no, adores resale shopping.  You can always find some hidden delights in a good resale shop.   She found the cutest top and a great dress (unfortunately the dress did not fit quite right so we only took the top).  After sorting through and finding a cute purchase after wandering in, there was a smile that I was only too happy to see. Not only do they offer clothing but accessories, lamps, men's clothing, shoes, purses... well a lot of many different items. I really wish now, that I had not given the 10 bags of clothing away before I moved to Orlando, I had some GREAT items and would have loved to be able to bring them here.  Oh well, at least I can shop here!
Been here many times for the clothes. I love the mature/art decho/modern/prints selection at this store. I'm a size zero/xs and most places don't have enough of one size but I have no problem here. There's plenty to choose from. Staff is always wonderful and offer water or help. Don't forget to get a stamped card and swing over to the other location right after!
Great stuff! The jewelry and little goodies are what makes the stop here worth it. Belts, rings, pins, change purses, great finds! The staff was super friendly as well, not salesy in the least, just helpful. One thing to double check is that a ton of the items are prices individually but you have to look at the bin they are in or if they are on special.  Ask in case you can't tell cause you don't want to miss out on a great item cause you think it's too much dough! Make sure you have time if you are looking for clothes cause you need to go through all the items, there are gems in there!! Make sure to get a punch card too! I have not sold anything to them nor have I attended one of their famous events... YET!
Dechoes Resale caters to the young and indie, although something can be found for just about everyone who looks.  This independently-owned resale boutique is one of three outlets in Orlando. The name of the game here is gently worn vintage and higher-end name brand clothing.  It's not unusual to find such varied labels as Calvin Klein, Dolce & Gabbana, and Ben Sherman mixed in with vintage clothing from the 70s and 80s (and even earlier). Shirt prices range from about $5 up to $35 for higher end brands.  Between the three locations, there is usually a good selection of purses that start at about $15, and jackets can be had starting at around $19. This location was just expanded and remodeled last year.  Parking can be tricky- it's either Edgewater Drive or one of the nearby side streets. Overall, Dechoes is a great place to pick up a fashionable, fun outfit at a very affordable price.
I really love Dechoes. I can always find something for my wardrobe at this resale/vintage shop. They also carry a few housewares and plenty of jewelry. I don't ever leave Dechoe's without buying something, even if its small. I've only been to the Colonial and the Edgewater locations, both usually have a large selection and they rotate their merchandise from store to store to keep it fresh. From experience the girls that work there are usually friendly, there have been a couple times where they were kind of snobbish (maybe I wasn't looking particularly indie hipster chic that day? Or maybe they were having a crap day?) I've only "sold" a few things to them, they're very particular about what they want for the shop (but I can relate being a shop owner myself) and you usually won't walk away feeling like you got an amazing deal for your clothes. My friends felt like they got jilted when they brought in things to sell.
Really cool quirky place in College Park with clothing, shoes, purses and accessories that range from off brand to designer all at a cheaper reasonable price.  I ended up getting a white house/black market black cocktail dress that was exactly my size for about $20 which i considered a total steal plus you can never have too many black cocktail dresses in my opinion.  Most of the purses and clutches were designer and still very pricey considering they were used/ resale items so I think I'll stick to the outlets for those but I could have easily walked out with my arms full of clothing had my husband not been with me :).  FYI, although my friend and I came with our guys its not really a place they were interested in at all so they found some comfy chairs and waiting for us to do our thing.  Next time, ladies only trip!
Wow, do I dig this place!  What a great little spot for anyone who loves fashion!  This cool little shop was filled with great clothing, accessories, jewelry and shoes from high end labels and popular name brands to everything in between.  The lady who was working the register was very nice and greeted us immediately as we entered.  I feel like I found my new "hot spot" in Orlando and can't wait to go back to see what great items I can find in the future!   P.S. They also sell some household items/ decor!
Want to find designer threads but without the price tag? Then definitely checkout Dechoes resale. I have brought some old stuff in for consignment many times there and gotten a great price for my things. I love the fact that you can get designer jeans, handbags and vintage clothes all in one store and just like it's mass retail counterparts, it offers a layaway plan in case you want to purchase a pricier item but can't pay at once ( Louis Vuitton purses anyone?) My favorite of the three locations  is the one on Edgewater, it has the feel of Clothing resale giant, Buffalo Exchange but, with a hometown twist. I love their Monthly Wine Not Wednesdays where you can mingle with Orlando's resale fans while enjoying free booze and food and live music! Dechoes is fashionably fun :)
You can find gently used or new with tags designer clothes, accessories, shoes, candles, etc. They have multiple locations, but I usually go to this one.
I'm a huge Dechoe's fan. I visit their stores at least once a week and always find something amazing. Whether it's Ralph Lauren button-ups or Chanel flats, you'll always find something. The customer service is always great, besides one girl who isn't very nice. I go there to purchase unique pieces or to sell clothing and get a quick buck. *If you do decide to go and sell your clothing, please make sure everything is neat and organized. Appearance is everything. Major
Loved this place so much . Wish I could have stayed longer, but time wasnt on my side. I was visiting Orlando, i live in NY. In my opinion it is a tad bit over-priced compared to NY's thrift shops, but the brands that they offer were so much more better . I will surely be visiting everytime I go to Orlando
This place is the bomb and the staff too!
Out of the three Dechoes this is by far the most "snooty" if you will.  They have an amazing selection and the staff is delightful at all three locations with their beverages and great tastes in music, however, this Dechoes definitely caters to its College Park crowd with slightly higher prices and higher standards on what to buy and for how much. I love this location when I need to find really trendy or dressy things and was the first Dechoes experience I had so it holds a pretty place in my heart.
Great selection, would make a lot more money though if their clothing buying process only had to be by appointment for designer brands. Much fairer than plates closet, but also more expensive. Better quality clothing though, and they actually check the clothing. Thank god.
I've been searching for a consignment shop in Orlando for a few months now, and I finally decided to give the College Park Dechoes location a try. After today's experience, I will never sell my clothes anywhere else! They just recently raised their reimbursement rates, which are running between 35%-60%, depending on whether you choose store credit or cash, and their retail price of the item. They buyers have a good eye and are picky, but that translates to a well-edited shop. Take note: you need to make an appointment if you're planning to sell clothes.
After trying to sell them some of my clothing castaways, I learned that you technically need to make an appointment to have your garments assessed.  And that there is no guarentee that they will take what you have to offer.  They base their need by what is selling.  So be patient and keep trying.  They tend to want clothing with a very popular and trendy label.
Yes, Mike C. of Dechoes, I have no reason to lie. You guys have nice stores, but I am not sure what the buyers are doing as they inspect the soles and heels of shoes. I know the things I had were only the Nine West brand, but still; there was no reason why they should have been broken when I took them home. I"ll say three stars because the stores are nice; but I'll also say "seller take care".  Thanks for your time.
I've been going to this place for years, much cheaper than the mall. Also they have layaway which is an added plus..
I scored awesome 80's earrings and a lovely polka dot scarf. I go crazy for anything with them. Can't wait to try there event on the first wednesday of every month. I like the vibe at Dechoes and the staff is super friendly. Don't forget your Dechoes card!
I love this store and wish I had the time to go more often.  I've rarely walked out without something awesome. The designer resale stuff is great - and the vintage stuff is fantastic.  Its usually at amazing prices too.
Nice stuff, not very much stuff but the occasional unique find mixed in with the trendy stuff. The place is very clean. They are like a higher end thrift store, not  very cheap but has some good finds. I got some Frankie B jeans here a couple of years ago which are very dear to me!!
Dechoes is a really cool place to go to if you're looking for pre-owned clothing, accessories, kitchenware, shoes ... you name it. They have a great selection at at least two of their locations (I've been to the Edgewater Dr. and Colonial Dr. locations, though I hear there's another one; I haven't been to it). Sometimes the prices can be a little weird - I've seen items there that I really wanted but didn't buy because the prices were a little more than I thought they should be. Not a big deal, though ... I'm sure I got some good items there that others didn't see or passed on, so fair's fair! The two locations I've been to occasionally host events with discounted items and so on ... plus customers are supplied with free drinks! (Usually beer in a cup, or cocktails.) I think there's even food, too! Check out the website for the schedule and so on. I need to get to that third location and see what the deal is ... wonder what I'm missing out on! The staff at the locations I've been to have been helpful and friendly, especially at the Edgewater Dr. location. Check it out!
I have had nothing but good experiences every time I've been to Dechoes. I love the customer service as well as everything they have to offer. It's eclectic and fun yet still stylish and "normal" enough that I could wear it in everyday occasions. I have found many great finds there as well as sold my clothes several times. I would recommend this to anyone!!
