Imagine my surprise when, my mom and I came here while on vacation to get our waxing done and it was completed with perfection!  The ladies understood everything that we said, they even had GENUINE smiles on their faces!  After growing out my eyebrows for the 8th time this year, only to be sorely disappointed at EVERY single nail shop that I visited in the D.C. area, it was a very pleasant surprised to walk out with my eyebrows shaped properly. I MC'd my Uncle's surprise 50th birthday party that evening with a fabulous dress, fly shoes and fantastic eyebrows.  THANK YOU SODO! BTW, the place is clean....CLEAN I TELL YOU!
Target, TJ, Massage Envy, Smoothie Room, OLV - you are the true anchors of Sodo! Rumor has it they are adding a Gator's Dockside in the coming months as well. Sodo has helped to revive this area, but I only wish there were more tenants in this shopping center. Prime real estate space just sitting empty. Just need a few more "anchor" stores and restaurants and this shopping center will draw people beyond those that live downtown.
I visit SODO regularly. I wish that it would reach full occupancy which is hasn't had since opening. There are several options to eat at. My choices are Fiipper's pizza and the Smoothie Room. There is of course a Target with a Starbucks inside. The parking is a little funky with the garage above the Target. I sometimes use the side lot if I don't plan on buying lots of stuff. I also get mani/pedi's at the salon here and have gotten hair cuts as well. So overall it is a very useful plaza and a nice addition to downtown.
This is probably my favorite Target in Orlando. The staff is friendly and the store is always clean and neat. I've found that different stores have different sales and clearance items but this one seems to always have the best ones. I always come out  with great items from clothing to jewelry  to household items. They never let me down.
I love this place.  There is always parking and you cannot go wrong with super target.  I hope that they will have more stores soon though.  I do love super target and putting my shopping cart in the cart escalator.  Just get some more stores!!!
Word. I dig the variety this shopping center has and the upscale atmosphere. I agree with Rhea P "seems like a city for real city with the Target parking garage and the lofts." Yes, it not only holds the biggest, baddest Target in Orlando but it also has some great local businesses including OLV! Seriously the Target here is phenom! It also is the home of my foot doctor, Orlando Orthopedics. You can make an afternoon out of coming here. Grab an AMAZING Sunday brunch at OLV, hit up some shopping, lunch, a massage and then a drink or dinner at Twist Asian Fusion. The parking is a little iffy but if you get a good spot you score! The Target parking garage is the best of the two. Overall, great up and coming shopping center!
This place is coming together nicely! They do have a little bit of everything. Supertarget has everything you need and it's so clean and nice inside. There is a lot more open now. OLV, Flippers Pizza, Repunzle boutique, TJMaxx, Orlando Orthopedics, 24 hour fitness (place is awesome), Asian Fusion, Massage Envy, Jason's Deli, Hair Cuttery and more... I would love to live in the apts right above it all! Wouldn't have to go far for anything.  And it's not too far from Downtown.
I can see a lot of potential but right now there are a lot of "For Lease" signs and only 4 main things open as of now: Target, TJMaxx, Mattress Giant and 24/7 Fitness. I also noticed a cell phone store and nail place that were open. It reminds me of Winter Park village with it's main entrance leading down a shop lined corridor that leads straight to the Target. There are parking spots along this entrance road as well as a few garages. There is housing available but I'm not sure if they are occupied yet. Target is big, beautiful, clean and fully stocked. Good for me but bad for them; when I visited there was hardly anyone there. Even though I parked just 30' outside of Target's entrance I couldn't take my cart off the sidewalk to my car. I understand why (carts would clutter the crowded corridor) but it was none the less a surprise and inconvenient. There were several store fronts with "Coming Soon" signs and I saw a Jason's Deli, Nature's Table and some Hibachi place. Unfortunately there were no restaurants open when I was there. When this place is up and running it will be a much needed shopping boost to this part of Orlando.
I like the feel of this place. . .seems like a city for real city with the Target parking garage and the lofts.  I really do enjoy using the shopping cart lift to the upper levels of the parking garage. . . I know, I gain pleasure from such simple things. . .it's awesome actually! It can be difficult to find certain stores if you do not know what you are looking for.  I feel the signage could be a lot more clear, but there are not that many shoppes there so if you ride around a while, you'll find it. The orthopedic center is here as well as lofts for living.
I live here in the Lofts at Sodo and just in the last 6 months, 3 stores have closed. The Target (although convenient), simply isn't a strong enough anchor to attract a larger crowd of shoppers that could support more stores. As for the apartments, they are nice...Kind of in the way to describe a not so attractive person in an acceptable way. Nice...but the service is poor, they use an electric blower to clean the outdoor hallways at 8:30am several times a week. This sound echoes through the entire building and completion takes a long, long time. Especially if you don't have to wake up early and get to lay in bed, listening to it. Pets are allowed and occasionally, there will be remnants of dog poo left in the halls where irresponsible owners choose not to use a doggy bag. Good things: parking and location, relatively affordable Bad things: blowing the halls, bad management, dog piles
From what I have read this new mixed use development cost about $100 million dollars and opened, last weekend (Oct. 10th), on schedule.  So if you are traveling SOuth of DOwntown, on Orange Avenue you might want to check out the brand new pedestrian friendly area. Currently, TJ Maxx, 24hr. Fitness and Super Target are the main attractions.  Other smaller businesses and restaurants are slated to join these 3 but no names have been advertised yet.  If you do get hungry, a new Taco Bell is under construction right now at the corner of Sodo's land.   And although it's still extremely new and not entirely done, it's a pleasant place with seemingly a lot of potential.  The Super Target is set all the way back and has ample parking once inside their garage.  There are parking spots along the buildings if you are lucky enough to find one.   Once it's finished I think it'll be a great aspect of that area.  It will certainly draw in the local neighborhood and others, like myself, who enjoy shopping at those stores but don't want to get on the highway to do so.
Really nice shopping plaza.  There is tons of parking (two garages and some street parking), but how far away is the issue... I've always been lucky somehow and gotten spots on the street near where I want to go, but you might have to park in the Target parking garage and walk a ways depending on where you want to go.   I have unfortunately not been to any of the restaurants here, just Target and an office for a work function.  The area is very clean and bright; it's a very cheerful place.
I mainly come here to shop at Target. The center has great potential, but it needs to get filled up with stores and create more of an atmosphere.
Lots of great stores, restaurants and parking. OLV is my favorite and the Target/TJ Maxx always have a great selection.
I do like coming here, mainly for the worlds most amazing Target. I just wish there were more restaurants here.This plaza is lacking a cafe, a bar & grill & a toy store. Those are the things I wish were there every time I visit this plaza. No offense to anyone, but overpriced no name "trendy boutiques" are NOT what this plaza needs.
Not many people know about this location. It's a great place to shop and new stores are being added all the time.
I enjoy coming into the SODO complex, especially when I can slide into one of the Grand street storefront parking slots. Plenty of parking in uncovered lots and the parking garage. Nice selection of stores and various places to grab a nosh, meal, drink and/or dessert along with your retail therapy or professional service. Great place to spend a chunk of time, for sure!
I am seething with excitability over this new massive shopping/living area downtown.  Last week I went to check out the place and what they have lined up so far.  The new Super Target seems to be the main focal point of the area, which is really nice and not dingy looking.   The area is set up very nicely with a lot to look forward to.  There are a lot of empty areas available for businesses and shops so we will see what comes of that.  I also got to see the inside of the 24/7 Fitness, which was vacant and not filled with equipment yet.  I can definitely tell that this is going to be a major gym, the weight and cardio areas are massive, as well as the NBA sized basketball court and salt water pool.  There is also a pretty big TJ Maxx, as well as Jason's Deli, Smoothie King, and South Beach Tanning. Above the shopping areas are condos/studio apartments which seem to aim for the upscale living.  I would definitely check out the new SODO, especially before all the crowds start to take notice.
Cool place in a unexpected spot.  It's sad this is one of the places probably built before the economy got bad and they are just trying to hang in there.  There is a Target,  some nice restaurants, a tj max... I hope they can fill the empty store fronts again cause it is a nice place.
Not my side of town, but now that I've discovered the Smoothie Room and OLV, this is definitely one of my stops when south of downtown!  ( I hear the Super Target is amazing!)   Plenty of cool, shaded parking in the parking garage, and plenty of storefront parking.   Variety of eats and shopping.
This is the biggest target I have ever been in. Not busy at all either. Highly recommend this one. It is kept really clean inside as well and definitely a place i'll do more shopping.
After much anticipation the SODO shopping plaza finally opened its doors Sunday 10/13 and I was there to welcome this new development to the neighborhood. Living in downtown has its benefits but attractive shopping plazas we were without. Until now. SODO, a catchy abbreviation of South Downtown is still in its beginning stages but there is much to look forward to among its tree lined shop fronts. A taste of suberbia without leaving the urban downtown district. And if you really love it you can move in. The plaza will also house an array of condominiums. Think a miniature version of Baldwin Park. So far the two main attractions there happen to be my two favorite stores. Being a girl who has in fact shopped till she dropped yet still knows better than to attempt living beyond my means the Super Target and TJ Maxx have me transfixed. The Super Target has a parking garage above it and, my favorite discovery, a cart escalator. You ride up a normal escalator to your vehicle after getting your groceries or home goods and your full cart rides up beside you on its own separate escalator that you snap its wheels into. As if I needed another reason to buy enough stuff to fill a cart. To my dismay the downtown area had been missing a TJ Maxx so this is also a welcome advancement. No more traveling to Altamonte for their trendy options. And I don't remember TJ Maxx carrying "Ed Hardy" garb and "Juicy Couture" but this one has a whole display devoted to the popular labels. Even "Seven for all Mankind" cords can be snagged. I can't wait to see what other boutiques and restaurants SODO will offer us in the coming months. .
