my 3yo son loved the giant checkers and chess as well as the fountain. plenty of places to eat and ample parking. we would've gone to a movie but i didn't know anything about the place before we left to go there. plenty of shopping as well and the grounds are impeccably maintained and clean
I appreciate this shopping center for its convenience. They tend to have a good variety of food, activity & shopping options. The layout of the center is decent as well. I LOVE that parking is very accessible and easy to find :)
Lovely outdoor shopping center and entertainment hub.  There are tons of great shops and restaurants to check out including Pier 1, Walk on Water, Ulta, and Boarders which are always my go-tos here.  If you need to go home or gift shopping, walk around here and you are bound to knock out a ton of errands.   Seito has a location here but unfortunately, my least fav of the Seito locations.  Too cafe feeling for me =(  Brio, even though a chain, is prob my fav restaurant in WPV.  Great Italian food and a great, friendly staff. The movie theater is also in the middle of the center so you could literally make a day out of checking this place out.  Tons of the restaurants have outdoor seating too which is lovely on a nice day.
Nice atmosphere to shop. Pleasant and beautiful outdoor strip when the weather isn't sizzling (I prefer October to February) Some unique merchandise you can't find in standard malls. Also, according to my friend's aunt "lots of gorgeous looking people" lol. I have a soft spot for this place bc my mom used to take me here all the time when I was a kid.
This an upscale shopping center with out door stores and a huge movie theater not just that there is condos were people can live near by and offices surround the area such as progresive. Just recently Publix moved in to the Village and now this place is completed for your one stop shop with stores and a movie theater plus a grocery store. Some of the restaurants here are P.F Changs and Cheese cake factory and two small restaurants called Bel Uga and Seito Sushi.
I love the lights here at night. . .so cool!  So many different shops to explore as well as upscale restaurants and the movie theater.   I miss the jazz at Beluga!!!!  Apparently a fish restaurant has replaced it but I have not visited it. I am not thrilled about the parking or trying to find a particular store that I'm not quite sure where it's located, but other than that, it's a really fun development.
Winter Park Village has more restaurants than shopping and more chains than local.  Not an ideal setup, as traffic and parking can be a pain. Winter Park Village does have a nice look about it and it is quite walk able; which I appreciate. Not a bad spot if you're doing dinner and a movie. A number of the restaurants have decent happy hour specials that include drink and food specials. There are some cheaper eats for dinner as well, including my favorite Pizzeria Valdiano. I don't go out of my way to come to Winter Park Village, but I do enjoy it over other local shopping centers.
The Winter Park Village has it all.  Movies, shopping, restaurants, and great people watching.  The wife and I remember when the place was first built.  It was when we were in middle school and our parents would drop us off right in front of the Regal Cinemas.  At that stage of the game we would hold hands, share popcorn and occasionally make out towards the end of the movie.  The point is that we have fond memories of the Winter Park Village and it's a part of our history.  Some of the restaurants have folded and new ones have taken their place, but the movie theater is still there.  That has been and will probably always be the heart of the Village.  The Cheesecake Factory and PF Changs have been solid staples and newer spots like Taps, Lime, and Menchies have become local favorites.  All in all the Winter Park Village is as good as it gets.
There's a lot of decent places around here to eat, shop, or entertain oneself.  WPV displays a variety of uptown shops and eateries that would pull in the typical Winter Park crowd as well as outsiders.  Big hitters like Cheesecake Cake Factory, PF Chang's, and Brio Tuscan Grille all are represented to full capacity on weekends.  The Regal Winter Park Cinema also is one of the better movie theaters in Orlando. My only complaints about WPV is the parking at night.  The movie theater commands tons of parking which usually becomes scarce around 7pm.  Also WPV tends to become teenager-rific on the weekends which can become super annoying.  High school kids just hanging out all over the place here forces me to search elsewhere before coming to any of these establishments.
As of September 12th, the Starbucks across from the movie theater will be closed.  So if you are looking for a cup of fancy coffee, you'll have to try Crispers or venture outside the Village just across the street where another Starbucks resides. Also, the Albertsons that once was the main grocery store there, is now also closed.  Bought by Publix, it will soon be a Greenwise Store, Publix' version of Whole Foods.  There is a regular Publix just down the street while we wait for this one to be fully constructed.
This is a very nice shopping center. I like the layout, like a little miniature village. There are lots of things to do here, shop, see a movie, eat, you can even buy your groceries at Publix on the way out. It is really popular on weekends, so you mingle with a pretty big crowd of people. There are many good dining options here.
I love winter park village around xmas its nice to go eat and do a lil shopping. A safe clean place to go.  Movie theater is nice and most of the restaurants are very good.  Nice little shopping area.
Winter Park village is a trendy upscale shopping and enteratinment complex in the heart of Winter Park. You can shop, eat, and catch a flick all while parked in the same spot. The Village part comes into play with the cute little street lined with sidewalk cafes and window displays down the main drag with parking lots surrounding. The restaurants you will find here are higher end chain restaurants- Cheese Cake Factory, Brio, and P.F. Changs as well as some Orlando only establishments such as Beluga and Seito Sushi. You can also find boutiques for shopping along their block of store fronts as well as larger stores like Borders. At the end of the Village is the large Regal Winter Park movie complex where catching a flick is easy and comfortable after a day of enjoying all Winter Park Village has to offer.
The biggest menu that i have seen came with one of the greatest restaurants around.
The shrimp and eggplant appetizers were great and cant complain about the lasagna. There was enough for 2 meals!
