Fun, fun, fun! You will find what you need here!
OK, this place is a bit of a shit-show... but I'm kind of OK with that! The clothes are what you'd expect from H&M, always trendy, always cheap. I tend to treat my clothes from H&M and Forever21 in the same fashion- like precious pieces of gold. Why? Because normal use and washing will probably leave them in tatters. Seems counter-intuitive to handle your cheap clothes more delicately, but the better you treat these cheap clothes, the more wear you get out of them. The store itself is the part that turns some people off. There seems to be some order - the more work appropriate clothes in the back right hand room, the newer and more deisgny clothes right in front. But that is seemingly where the order ends. This is one of those places where you need to sift through god-awful clothes that are barely fashionable 5 minutes after it's been manufactures for that amazingly inexpensive, wonderful knockoff piece. I also like H&M for basics- basic tanks for under $6? Yes, please! If you've got any tiny ounce of anxiety- go only on weekday mornings. H&M gets packed pretty quickly and remember that other cultures (*cough cough* tourists) have different ideas of how much space is personal space... sooo, the line will be a bit tight... As long as you know that going in- happy hunting!
Without this store, I'd give up on modern apparel! Stylish, affordable clothes for people who span the urban, semi-professional, street tough and casual kid gamut. Some of the Fall line includes items I'd even classify as 'sensible cool', e.g. cable-knit sweaters and button-up cardigans. Again and again, this place wins me over. Let's not jest ourselves.... These clothiers know how to outfit a goddamn man. Clothing looks good on your body! These pedestrian department store offers clothing that is made to fit a man between 140 and 300 pounds. Try on any oxford shirt and you'll be swimming in it if you're actually in shape. You want to pay for excess fabric you don't need, plus look like a puffy doofus? I've been floored by how inexpensive some of the sale items are. Slim-fit, khaki slacks marked down to $10. And at even regular price, no one is set back too much. The quality of the clothing is always solid. It doesn't get much better than this. *For the people whining about store size and messy racks, get over it! Yes, the store will be crammed and awful on a weekend... Try going on Monday morning like I do, and you'll have a clean, neat store all to yourself.
The Good: I was sooo thrilled to hear that H&M has finally trickled its way from up north down to the lowly folks of Orlando. [1] There are staff everywhere in the store to help you, but they don't follow you around (no shopping-while-black infarctions), ask you if they may help you, or tell you about all the sales and promotions they have for the month. [2] The clothes, the clothes!! I almost had a conniption when I saw the selection of STYLISH WINTER CLOTHES. Where else can we shop at reasonable prices for these things in Florida? Albeit brief, we have winter too. [3] Despite the crowded floor (I went on grand opening day) the store was neat and organized, and traffic flowed pretty nicely. [4] The menswear, womenswear, lingerie, accessories, kiddie clothes, and maternity wear were separated by "rooms", so it was easy to find what you're looking for. The Bad: [1] The dressing room line was forever long. I left the store and came back and alas, it was longer. Perhaps that was a grand opening day flaw only, and it moved fairly quickly, so no biggie. The Ugly: [1] I ran into at least 6 people I knew. If we are all shopping in the same place, surely, somebody has my outfit. So much for the appearance of originality.
I only went to this mall for H&M. I wish there was a wider selection of women's clothes. I ended up buying 3 things, smh. The fitting room was small and packed. There is another one upstairs, but upstairs house the children's and maternity sections. Lastly there were only a few registers opened, I want to say 4?? I was just happy to be at a H&M, but I wish there was more of this store.
Love it. Looooove it!!! Only problem is I get overwhelmed and want to try on everything.. I need to go there with an item in mind or else.. Only 7 items allowed at a time in the dressing room
Oh, how I adore H&M. Thankfully they are slowly making their way to South Florida, but since I was in the area, how could I not stop here and take advantage? First, the cons: this store has a strange layout. You have to walk through the men's section to get anywhere else in the store, and there are two entrances to the dressing rooms, which leads to employees having to constantly corral customers into one line. Even with the 6 item limit, the wait is very long in the dressing rooms. Their jewelry section is really lacking... it's one small corner near the registers, and the selection left something to be desired. Checkout is very, very slow. There were three employees standing behind the counter, and yet we waited far too long to pay for our items. So why am I giving this place four stars? The pros: the prices, and the clothes! I only got two items: a poncho-style shirt, and a dress. The shirt, which is super comfortable and versatile (it can be dressy or casual, depending on what else you're wearing), was only $10. Awesome. The dress is a vintage, "Mad Men"-esque style, in a beautiful deep turquoise, and it was $34. I've received many compliments on both items, and I feel like a million bucks in them, yet they both cost me under $50.
I'd like to see a bigger men's department, but what is offered at H&M is groovy.  You don't have to be hip to shop here, but it helps. I've picked up some nice t-shirts and other items, but there's one solid long-sleeved dress shirt there that sells for $14.50 and it's a steal.  I have four or five already and plan to go back for more.  I've received compliments each time I've worn one, ranging from my mom to Mr. GQ at work.  Yes I have! Can't wait for the spring arrivals.
Having visited numerous other H&M's within the past year, this location is the most disappointing... The space is small and feels cramped. The merchandise is not attractively displayed and the variety is not impressive. The H&M essentials are available and at the prices which are standard to all H&M's. Check out the "unmentionables/delicates" some really nice options are avaiable. Twas hoping for a more appealing accessory department but alas... not with this location.
All I have to say ive seen wayyyyyyyyyyyyy better and larger selection elsewhere - NYC and CA.. My gawsh - the section for the accessories alone was just jaw dropping. cute clothes for the price imo.. Im still Team l ZARA!!
I have no idea how clothes can be made this cheaply.   I have never purchased anything from H&M so not sure about the quality.  LOVE the selection of trendy male and female items. I admit, I am not  a live clothes shopper.  I prefer to shop for clothes online as I have no patience to sort through endless racks and piles  of seriously handled clothing. Um, this is the bad thing about H&M.  There seems to be no order in the way clothes are displayed which makes a person like me leave very quickly. It needs to be shirts all in one place, pants, or colors organized together for me be successful. . . I could not figure this one out. Unfortunately, I have not been able to find a way to shop H&M online in the states. . . Unless I bring along a girlfriend or a flossy gay dude  to help me stay in the store, I doubt I will stay long enough to purchase anything here.
I had a blast here with my friend! There are a whole lot of crazy items to try on and be silly. The staff (especially the cashier) was very friendly with the exception of the man by the fitting room. There were so many rules at the fitting room that it took away most of the fun. The best part about shopping is trying out new cloths and making fun of one another. However, this man made it more of a "get in then get out" feel. He spent 60% of his time texting. The rest of the time he was just telling people what they couldn't do. That aside, everything else was five stars!
We are lucky in Orlando to have great shopping, and this H&M is a sure sign of this. This is the ONLY H&M in Florida, unbelievable! This is a two story location with a great selection for women, men, & children. The staff are always helpful and nice. This store is part of a new segment of the mall which offers outdoor shopping with stores like XXI Forever and Zara. It's fabulous to park by this section of the mall and stroll through these new stores. Two thumbs up! :)
Took my college son shopping here and he loved it. The prices were right and they have the latest fashion. You can mix and match easy. The dressing room is coed which was different for us. Great service with smiling faces!
I like stopping at H&M when I visit the Florida Mall, it has plenty of clothes for guys and it has an Express like style for much cheaper prices (most things are under $20). From t-shirts and polos to dress shirts and jackets there are plenty of sales every time I visit. I'd say their clothes is made for people who are pretty skinny and would look odd on someone who is built. I also like their t-shirt designs from Flintstones to Star Wars and other nostalgic shirts. I've heard that the selection isn't as good as other H&M locations, but since this is the only one I have ever been to I can't compare it. Inexpensive quality clothes.
Probably the best H&M I've ever been to.  The store is really big and for once they have a good selection for Men's clothes here.  They have 3 separate areas for men including the clearance rack where you can find really good items on sale.  They have two separate cashier areas one for men and one for women.  The only downside for this H&M is that the dressing rooms aren't that big, but other than that one of the better H&M Stores I've been to!
Although i'm glad H&M has finally graced Florida with it's presence, I gotta say I wasn't too impressed. The space is cramped, and the clothing is oddly distributed. I'm also fairly certain the clothing at the New York stores is more fashionable. The best part about my visit to H&M was the efficient fitting room staff. Surprisingly, I didn't buy a thing. For me that is very, very strange. I'm hoping that if H&M comes to Miami it'll be a little more NYC and a little less Orlando.
Stylish clothing at great prices, i only shop in the morning because the store gets very messy, and flooded with foreign tourist. Range of good pieces, from trendy to business casual.
So I was so excited to finally go to the H & M here in Orlando. I have visited The Queens Center store in NY, and figured this is just want Orlando needed. So After arriving to the already busy mall, there was no signage to even tell me where to go to my dream store. Then I find out the entrance is on the outside. I thought "Great..and of course its raining.." but that didnt stop me fellow yelpers I went outside, went int my store and thought...what/...there is too many dark colors in here. The fashion was nothing like NY's store. It was not fashion forward enough to be H &M. But dont get me wrong there were a lot of nice pieces, just not enough for me to LOVE the store here. I did catch a great deal on jeans from $50 got them for $10..thats a steal... I also noticed most of the employees were straight guys...nothing wrong with that..atleast they were good eye candy..but it was a wierd feel since it was 90% women fashions. The dressing rooms had an annoying light, that made even the skinniest person look big lol..the only plus side was that the fitting rooms were built with mirrors in angles, so you truly can see the outfit in full affect. The upstairs did have the cutest kids clothes..but overall I was a bit dissapointed...It obviously changes with season of fashion..but even I know this season isnt so dark...Overall it was just OK...
Frankly not impressed.  I've been to H&M locations elsewhere and I had a hard time believing this is the same H&M.  Who puts 9' ceilings in a retail store?  Prices seem higher, very little "sale" items, and the variety is limited.  Too bad really, I'd hoped for more...
If you haven't been here, you should definitely stop by. This store is huge and have all different tastes. From bikinis, to cover ups, professional clothes, sport, jeans and the PRICES, let me tell you the prizes are AMAZING!!!
I really wanted to like H&M.  I'm always seeing it mentioned in magazines, so when I heard we were getting two in Orlando (the other one is in Seminole Town Center) I was excited.  Unfortunately, it just doesn't live up to the hype.  I don't know, maybe I'm too old for this store (I'm 28), but I don't think the clothes are all that great.  Plus, this location is really cramped.  There's barely any room to walk in between the racks and there are always way too many people.  I've been to one in NYC and it was way bigger than this one.  Oh well, I guess I'll have to buy my jeggings somewhere else.
This store is AWESOME. It has TONS of clothes for guys and the best part is, its cheap. You can get a hoodie for around 15$ and the shirts start at 5$. Everything from jeans to dress shirts to socks to shirts. The men's section, which is normally small, is quite larger. I can't wait for them to open up closer to South Florida. If you need some clothes and don't want to break the bank, check it out. ASAP.
I go to H&M very often, and this one was quite a disappointment. Yes, it carried a lot of new items, but it was so unorganized that I was in no mood to shop. I like that it was two stories, but there was really nothing to buy. I guess I have better luck at the H&M over at South Coast Plaza in California.
Can be considered Cramped. Busy. Small.  But 4 stars due to prices and selection.  I always find something
It's a great place to get modern clothes, but the quality is what you pay for. The selection is nice, but the don't have a large sale selection. There's an h&m in seminole town center that has a larger sale section. That being said, it's two stories and has a big kids section.
