This was a great experience! My wife and I loved every minute of it. The staff were super cool and playful. They asked us to help load and unload the bag which was fun. The ride itself was very peaceful and the pilot was fun and joked around when appropriate, I never felt unsafe. When we landed we had a champagne toast and that was fun also. Overall this was a great experience and I really enjoyed the staff and the trip. Don't miss it!
Highly recommended! Everything was great from the start to finish. To start off, we were picked up from Radisson hotel, signed a waiver, went to an open field where we will be taking off and landed smoothly at a different field. All of the staff were friendly and had a good sense of humor. At the end of the flight we had a champagne toast and they shared some beautiful and inspiring words/quote about flying up there. On the way back to the hotel we had an awesome breakfast. The breakfast was not just an ordinary pastry/bread or fingerfood but I'm talking about real above average breakfast in the hotel with some meat, omelettes, fruits, pancakes, and I can't even remember the rest. The price that you pay for is well worth it. Thanks to the amazing staff for such a GREAT experience!
I did this with my son through a Groupon and it was a great experience!  Like most Yelpers are stating in their reviews, you'll want to be close by since they want you there by 5:30 am.  We departed the Radisson in cans at 5:50 after the safety brief and we BARELY caught the last of the stragglers.  They have several launching fields so if you miss them...you've missed them! The flight is about an hr long and the pilots are friendly and have a good time.  They encourage you to participate in the unpacking and packin of the balloon, among other things, so it's a neat, interactive experience as well. There's no ATM at the Radisson that I could find so make sure you bring some tip money for the crew/pilot.  They'll take your pic and you can purchase it through their website as well - they also have some items for sale at the counter as you exit the buffet. There are a few things to keep in mind.  The baskets can get cramped so you're standing in your spot for the whole hour.  There's no sitting down on this ride if that's an issue for you.  Like I said - 5:30 am...it comes early.
My friend and I went on a balloon ride for my B'day recently, we already want to go back up! The process is very organized, the staff is friendly, the equipment is well kept and the website is very informative. The evening prior to your scheduled flight, go the the web link to check to see if you are precleared for flight. Show up the next morning at the appointed flight site by 5:30 am and get ready for some fun. If you are cleared for flight you will be able to assist (if you want to) with the balloon inflation. Once the balloon is ready, more weather checks for the best flight and you are up, up and away! Weather had foiled us before, so we were very excited to get up for this flight.   Really, the flight was awesome. In chatting with our pilot, we learned that each flight is different, depending on the weather conditions. Some days you need to get to higher elevations to get to the breeze, some days lower. We were up to 1100 ft, traveled 12 miles and were in the air for 1 hr and 12 minutes. There were about 12 other balloons up in the air while we were up, some from OBR, some from other outfits. Throughout the flight, communications on weather conditions and the preferred landing site were shared via radio. The OBR chase crew ensured we had a light landing, the balloon was deflated and packed away, mimosas were toasted onsite and then we were back to the hotel for a nice brunch. We were finished with our adventure by 10AM. The staff was fun, informative and made the experience even more memorable. I would not hesitate to go up with OBR again, and again!
This review is 2 part.  Part 1 is the ride Part 2 is the process. The ride:   The Good: Peaceful, beautiful, something everyone should experience.  No turbulance, no motion sickness, really gentle and scenic tour of Kissimme and Lake County. The Bad: The only down side is the basket is divided into 5 sections, the middle for the pilot, and ever other section has 4 people.  Not much room to move around and your basically in a space the size of a bathroom stall with other people which kind of kills the romance.   The Process: had an issue.  My husband was sweating up a storm working HARD on what was supposed to be a nice relaxing, romantic experience.   All Bad: You meet in a hotel conference room, take a van to a orchard in Clermont where they unload the basket and balloon.  They ask for a volunteer to fill the balloons... no problem my husband was excited to help.  He alone inflated a 700 lb balloon while a fan blew into it and then the torch turned on to life it.  No problem because that was exciting for him. Then you land in another pasture where they ask for more volunteers to defalte the balloon, roll it up and put it away.  This took everyones help.  Not until the balloons are deflated and everything is put away do they break out the champagne.  And you're stuck in the field until everythings packed.  At this point I I've never ballooned before, I'm nor sure how it works with other companies but it seems this one needs more staff.  I couldnt wrap my mind around spending more than $100 per person and having to so all of that manuel labor.  It was very much like we were working for them to allow us to ride.  So not only did we pay but then we also had to do their job as well of putting everything away.  No. I'd totally ride an air balloon again, just do my research first and not with them. Breakfast was served after buffett style.  The bad outweighed the good for me. Amazing ride but I left annoyed.
As a birthday present for me, my bf and I went on this ride on Sat 9/10/2011. The meeting time was 6AM and, coming from Trinity in Pasco County, that meant leaving the house at 4:15AM. Yikes! Totally worth the early wake up though. The balloon we were in was humongous and the basket held 18 people. The ride lasted about 1 1/2 hrs. Mike, our pilot, is experienced, extremely funny and informative. The champagne toast after the ride was funny and touching. There was a complimentary breakfast buffet after the ride. Some things to keep in mind: -Most riders will need to help folding the balloon, carrying it on your shoulder and stuffing it into a bag, and hauling the basket onto the trailer. This is very physical work and you will get sweaty, especially in the summer months, so bring a change of clothes. -Wear closed toed shoes because you'll be walking in wet and maybe dirty grass. -Use the restroom at the meeting location because there is no facility at the launch site. I hope you will enjoy your ride as much as we did.
My boyfriend and I went here today for our two year anniversary, and we had a blast!  The flight was great, and everything went smoothly.  The toast at the end was sweet, and they made a special toast to us for our anniversary!  The breakfast was also really nice since we woke up so early.
I am terrified of heights..... At the same time, I wanted to give my boyfriend a birthday gift he would never forget. He is not the type that likes surprises. I asked him how would he like to take a ride in a hot air balloon one day and he said that would be pretty cool. I caught a great deal (2 people for $199) from one of my dollar saving websites online and I went for it. Once I signed us up. They emailed me to keep me updated with the weather. The day of the event, we went to Kissimmee, Fl at about 5am. It was so early.... Once we got there, I gave them my vouchers and we filled out documents and read one on how they are insured. After that we waited in a room as other people arrived. They came in and let us know that they would be checking the wind and making sure everything would be okay for us to fly. Once everyone was there they introduced everyone who would be flying a balloon. They split the large group up alphabetically and we went on the 20-25 minute drive in the vans they had. Before we drive off, they test the wind one last time to make sure everything was in the clear. It is recommended that you wear CLOSED TOED SHOES and LONG PANTS. We were properly dress and a lot of other people were not. We were in this gigantic field and the grass was very tall and bugs were everywhere. Thanks to long pants and closed shoes, we didn't feel a thing. They ask for willing volunteers to help take the balloon out the bag. My boyfriend gladly joined in. He actually ends up helping them the entire time. Once the ballon was up, we got instructions on how many people should be in one area, how to hang on, how to bend your knees when landing and so on. A guy came around taking pictures and you could go an view them on their website and buy them as well. I am afraid of heights so as we are going up, I am all on my boyfriend's back like a bug. Idk why I thought the basket would sway. It was awesome! It was very peaceful and I felt like I was floating! It was beautiful and ill never forget the view. We went over a field of oranges, a little swamp area and we even seen some hotels. As we were landing, everyone did what they were told and all the guys helped pack the balloon back in the bag. All of the people who flew the balloons break out ice, orange juice, water and champagne. They said an Irish prayer and everyone toasts to a safe landing. After that they acknowledged other special occasions and everyone enjoyed their drinks. They drove us back to the hotel where the hotel had prepared breakfast for us. The breakfast was eh.... no comment. I cook breakfast better than what they had. As we left we shook hands with our pilot and thanked him for the great time. Its a great experience and I would do it again. Yes, Im still afraid of heights (I freak out on planes) but that was very peaceful for me. They fly 365 days a year unless its bad weather. Just beware of tourists.....its flooding with them and they can be rude. If you don't hurry and get in the basket, they will try to take all the good spots and you will be stuck standing behind someone. They are pushy and if you are a pushover, you will get ran over. If you don't want to fly with 20 other people they have baskets for 2 and 4 people. I will choose this option next time.
Woke up at 4am to get ready for this hot air balloon adventure with my boyfriend. We got to the Radisson by 5am and hung out in the lounge where we signed some paperwork. By 5:40 we were on the road to find a good spot to take off. Don't be alarmed, they will bring you into some really shady places that look like the Blair Witch Project, haha. Wearing closed toe shoes is def. recommended! You need to "help" them set up and put away the balloon before and after the ride, which kinda surprised me because we paid a lot but, not a biggie. Girls, it's okay to wear dresses and all but just make sure its long enough because I woke a dress and didn't realize that we had to "jump" into the basket. The basket had 4 compartments, 2-4 people stood inside it depending on weight. I thought there was a decent amount of space in each one. The ride itself was okay. I thought there'd be lots to see, maybe Disney or something, haha. The ride was nice though...very smooth. We didn't really go as high as the other balloons that followed us.  It was hot up there!! The heat and the fire right over me was making me burn up! Our landing was horribleee...we were literally bouncing all over the place, it was hilarious and on top of that we had to cross the road to make room for the balloon behind us to land so we were literally skitting across the cement....that was horrible lol. Champagne toast afterwards was cool; their crew didn't seem too enthusiastic about it and it was half assed with a routine they had...didn't care for it though. After that we went back to the hotel where there was a breakfast buffet...scrambled eggs, sausage, potatoes, fruit, cereals, and toast. We were starving so we downed everything! Overall, a good experience. Got this deal off of Groupon which was still over $100 per person...def wouldn't pay full price for it
I thought it would be fun to celebrate a friend's birthday by taking a hot air balloon ride.  Orlando Balloon Rides runs a great operation.  Aside from having to get up at 5 am on a Sunday, the trip was quite enjoyable.  The staff is friendly and funny, and thank God not overly  cheery at 6 am when we met them. We took flight in a balloon that carries a pilot + 16 passengers (which are separated into 4 compartments.  The compartments aren't overly spacious, so be prepared to get close with some strangers unless you go with a group of 4. Once the minimal paperwork is out of the way, the group loads up and heads out in search of a good site for launch.  We stopped twice on the way to check wind speed and direction and then found the right field for take off. The launch was smooth and peaceful, as was the entire flight - with the exception of the occasional noise of the burners to keep us afloat.   Warning: We weren't completely protected from the heat of the burners.  The heat isn't unbearable, but if I go again I will certainly wear a hat to protect my shaved head. Our pilot, Ian, gave us the occasional factoid about ballooning or the Orlando area and told a joke here and there.  He had a nice balance of information and silence to allow us to just take in the beautiful views. Our landing was just about as smooth as the launch.  Once we were safely on the ground, the prepared a champagne toast and celebrated a couple birthdays and special occasions. Shortly there after we made our way back to the original meeting place (The Ramada in Kissimmee) where we were invited to enjoy to the breakfast buffet... I would skip this part next time.. Quick Notes: Wear close toed shoes Bring a hat Dress for the temp outside, the air up there isn't any cooler. Bring a camera Skip the breakfast buffet
Wow....what a great adventure.  Our highest altitude this trip was 1100 feet.  Do I wish we went higher...?  Sure.  But it was great....nice and smooth - bumpy landing as they always are.  Did I say wow..? The staff here was amazing, humorous, and professional.  They make what is no doubt a risky and dangerous adventure (all aviation related activities are) and made you feel calm and relaxed.  What a great team !!!! Upon our rough (we were warned) landing we had a celebratory toast with mimosas, then traveled back to the hotel we met at in the early morning and had a full breakfast.  What a great start to the day.
We went on a balloon ride this past weekend and the experience was amazing.  The staff - pilots/ chase crew/ everyone was awesome.  They were professional, polite, funny and really made everything enjoyable.   Our flight lasted about an hour and 10 minutes, the ride was smooth and the views were great.  Even our landing was much smoother than I expected.   You have to get up early to make it for the sunrise trip but it is well worth it.  I'd recommend Orlando Balloon Rides in a heartbeat whether it's a special occasion or just for fun it is well worth it!
Overall great experience.  Just LOVE the staff-- everyone is so helpful through and through. Very professional, courteous and knowledgable. Champagne toast after the balloon ride is definitely the highlight - where people can celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, honeymoons, etc. Buffet b'fast afterwards is ok.  Scrambled "eggs", bacon, ham, bread w/ jam, muffin, coffee, milk, juice, tea, etc. Guys:       Be ready to help with Setup and Setdown of the balloon. Ladies:   Just kick back and relax!  :) Kids:        Discretion advised.  It is *very early* and cold.  The ~7 yr old girl at my balloon ride complained quite a bit here and there. So I can see how it might annoy other guests (especially those who are using the balloon ride to propose or celebrating their honeymoon...)  :-) All:           Wear closed toe shoes as you will be walking on the pre-dawn wet grass.  Extra layer (light jacket or scarf) is helpful.
Great experience. Loved it. Peaceful. Crews were fun and got everyone involved in process if you wanted to help. Great way to see the area from above. It does get a little hot when they kick in the burners for the balloon but the alternative would be bad. Lol. Highly recommend, loved it. Will be back.
This is so great that we've done it twice! To be honest, the second time was free as I won a free flight through a Facebook contest. The company is very interactive! We were the only Floridians both times. And nearly the only Americans. It's big with tourists, but as someone who frequently drives across the state, I have always wanted to go up in the balloons that I'd see early in the morning from I-4. I am absolutely terrified of heights, so we started trying some more adventurous activities. Hasn't helped so far-I am still terrified of flying and will not even consider climbing a ladder, but being in a hot air balloon is absolutely serene. I also get nauseated very easily, and this is not an issue here. The balloon ride is unbelievably smooth. Other than the fact that you're high above the trees below you, you cannot tell you are flying over 1,000 feet in the air. The pilots and crew are all extremely friendly and very accommodating. We loved the toast they do after you land. And the mentions of all birthdays, anniversaries, special occasions. The free breakfast isn't the greatest meal you'll ever eat, but if that's your reason for booking this adventure, there's a bigger problem at hand! A lot people were not dressed appropriately- including myself in a dress- and I can tell you that you will be itchy when you're standing in the grass while the balloons are deflating and you're helping to compress it. Wear pants and closed toed shoes! Or at least leggings under your dress. I actually had a walking cast on my left foot the first time we went, and the crew was incredibly helpful in getting me safely into the basket. I'd advise you to wait until you're a little more mobile to try this- it's several hours of standing between the balloons inflating(my favorite part to watch!), the hour long ride, and the deflating/packing up, but it can be done. It's an incredible, once(or twice)-in-a-lifetime experience that you'll never forget! And you can capture that most beautiful photographs to help you remember.
