Yesterday was my first experience with SpaZend, and I was highly impressed. It was the third massage I've ever had in my life, and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere is gorgeous and peaceful--I felt like I was being transported to another world! It also smells amazing. Even though it is on a busy road, the sound barrier is great and it is very quiet inside. Before my massage, I was lead into a "relaxation room" with complimentary cookies, tea, and magazines. My massage itself was wonderful. I had the Swedish massage with lavender aromatherapy. Mallory was my massage therapist and she was great! She was very accommodating and you can tell she's passionate about her practice. I wanted the massage to go on forever! I left a very pleased customer and would highly recommend SpaZend for anyone looking to have a great massage experience.
I just moved to the area and was looking for a place to come throughout the year and made an appointment here based on yelp. I got the Thai Poultice massage and it was really nice. I'm a little sore now on my back and would ask for less pressure in the future. I was give the poultice when I left and can use it again at home. The whole atmosphere was perfect and for me it was relaxing once you walk inside. The people who work there are welcoming and really knowledgeable about their store products and their services. I am going back and want to try a facial.
Today (Saturday, sept. 27) I visited spazend as an anniversary gift from my boyfriend.  Fellas if you are looking for a great gift to pamper your significant other this place will have her feeling loved and carefree! I was treated to the RISING SUN ENERGIZE PACKAGE - I started my treatment with a facial with shakia - very refreshing and relaxing, followed by a wrap, massage and foot treatment with donna - she is passionate about her work and it was the best massage I've had in a while. I usually have sensitivity on my back when I get a massage, but no issues with Donna.  I finished  off my day there with a mani and pedi with corinthia.  When you go, these ladies will surely leave you feeling royal :)  my only negative comment is this package was suppose to take only 3.5 hours but I was there for five hours. there wasn't a significant wait between services so that wasn't the issue.  some of the treatments just take longer than expected.
Sticking to my monthly massage routine due to an active lifestyle, I decided to give SpaZend a try after reading a few reviews on Yelp. Bottom Line Up Front (BLUF) SpaZend is a hidden gem in Syracuse. Walking in, immediately your blown away by the decor and overall setting. Once you check in, your whisked away and given a guided tour of the facility which is simply amazing. I think the building is pretty old and they did a good job to keep as much original wooden trims and floors intact.  The light setting is low and everything is pleasing to the eye. EVERYTHING! Your given a key and shown into a changing room where you put on a nice robe and slippers. You then get to spend a few minutes in a "relaxation" room where you can sip on some cucumber & strawberry infused cold water, or chose from an assortment of teas. There are a few magazines that you can chose from as well, but I took my time to just relax and get prepped for the 80 min massage that was soon to come. My massage therapist greeted me and took me to our room which was equally impressive. (Side note, every room has a shower, minus the "relaxation" room of course). Get on the table and the hands of Brittany (I think that was her name) were AMAZING! I was rubbed (I guess that reads funny, I mean massaged), and hot towels placed on my feet, back, and neck were an added delight. SpaZend also gives you the option of having a scented rubbing oil, I choose the Ginger (why not, Im there to relax). Price was average for the length of massage, I think $100 and something dollars (plus tip). I've been to some pretty fancy Spa's in my time, and SpaZend actually was better than some places that charge a lot more for their services. One thing that I didn't like was people in the hallway not using their "inside a spa" voice, but, once they passed, I was back into relaxation mode. I have a new monthly retreat, and highly recommend.
I scheduled a Brazilian wax because of the reviews I found online. This isn't the first time I've gotten waxed, but it was probably the worst experience I've had. I've had other waxes that were completely painless. I've even done it myself with better results. The entire process was incredibly painful and she didn't know how to use the wax she had. Everything looked fine once she was done and I got dressed, but once I got home, I noticed she MISSED hair. Absolutely not worth the 65 dollars. I had to get the spots she missed. I should have just done it myself to begin with.
I took a day off from work and decided to go to this spa for a massage. Wow! I enjoyed everything about my experience at SpaZend; from the receptionist to the robe to the masseuse to the tea. I explained some things that had been going wrong with my neck and Sarah took extra time to work on those muscles. I will be going back, probably rarely because I'm a student, but it's worth every penny.
Visited the Spa after receiving gift certificates for both my husband and I.  We made appointments with Tyler and she was very accommodating for both of us to have pedis together.  Corinthia did both, my mani and pedi and I was really happy. I liked the decor and the whole spa atmosphere.  We had a great experience and I would love to go back.
I am a huge fan of massages and my best massages have been at SpaZend!  The spa is beautiful and smells great!  The massages are amazing!!!  I have been looking for a massage therapist where I live now and have not been able to find anyone who compares to those at SpaZend!  They also have different kinds of massages and even though I get the swedish most times and would go once a week, my massage therapist would always make it different each time - so I was never bored!
I've gotten a lot of massages all over the country, and this was one of the best I've ever had. Sara was amazing - I highly recommend her.
I love this place!!! I have seen almost every person here and have no complaints at all. My girlfriends and I always schedule time here and its always amazing!! Couldn't ask for a better atmosphere and the people are always so pleasant!
By far, this place is THE BEST place to go to relax, reconnect, and renew in Syracuse. The decor is gorgeous-It feels like you have traveled to a distant land, a Zen like feel. Peaceful and calming. Such a gem!  An oasis!   I have had massage services, facials, and nail services, and all have been the best I've had in Syracuse.The staff is incredibly talented, the spa is meticulously clean, and the menu is so well put together.I love their Green Tea Wrap, and the Javanese Banana Leaf Foot Treatment...Ahhhh-mazing... They have locally made Organic aromatherapy products as well as hard to find Spa quality skincare products that are imported from Thailand. I love it!!! They also do Brazilian waxing, which is hard to find in this area, and they also offer make-up application.  It is super close to Syracuse University, and the local upscale hotels. It is also in the same building as the Strong Hearts Cafe' which is amazing-especially after a spa treatment!! The B.L.T is incredible... I highly recommend Spa Zend-They do such a good job-You wont want to leave!!!
