Nice and quiet spot to relax at. If you're too early for a flight like I was or waiting to pick someone up, I highly suggest waiting here. It's nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the busy airport and just relax for a bit! I don't think many people know about this location and it's behind the cargo area so while driving there it gives a sense you shouldn't be going there but just keep going till you see the B52! It's massive. It's also a memorial site for the people and there's also a K9 memorial! It's a small park with only the memorial and B52 so don't expect too much. There's a viewing area to get higher to see the plane and picnic tables around.
The Orlando International Airport actually has a small park hidden on property. The B-52 Memorial Park is located on Bear Road adjacent to the 528 expressway. The park features a static display of a B-52D Stratofortress, Air Force Serial Number 56-0687, from the Strategic Air Command. You can get right up and touch the huge plane or check it out from an elevated viewing deck. There is a large grassy area as well as nice shade trees and picnic tables. The park is open from 9am until dusk and admission is free. Great for kids or plane buffs!
A great spot to relax amid the hustle and bustle of MCO.  They've added a number of park benches and picnic tables since the last time I was here.  It's a nice touch, and the picnic tables are conveniently located under the shade of some large trees. Of course, the main attraction is always awe-inspiring [see photos], but the park as a whole is a winner.  Part of me didn't want to write this review, because I like the park as it usually is: mostly empty, quiet and peaceful.
Normally 'Quiet Place' and 'International Airport' don't fit into the same category - but at the B-52 Memorial Park it does. A semi-hidden park (but really, how can you hide a B-52) this is a nice place to some for a picnic. Tables, chairs and even some shade make it nice. The other reviews on YELP do a good job of detailing the park. So, I thought I would drop some knowledge via our friends at Wikipedia, on the start of the park - the B-52 Stratofortress. The Boeing B-52 Stratofortress is a long-range, subsonic, jet-powered strategic bomber. The B-52 was designed and built by Boeing, who have continued to provide support and upgrades. It has been operated by the United States Air Force (USAF) since the 1950s. The bomber carries up to 70,000 pounds (32,000 kg) of weapons. Beginning with the successful contract bid on 5 June 1946, the B-52 design evolved from a straight-wing aircraft powered by six turboprop engines to the final prototype YB-52 with eight turbojet engines and swept wings. The B-52 took its maiden flight in April 1952. Built to carry nuclear weapons for Cold War-era deterrence missions, the B-52 Stratofortress replaced the Convair B-36. Although a veteran of a number of wars, the Stratofortress has dropped only conventional munitions in combat. Its Stratofortress name is rarely used outside of official contexts; it has been referred to by Air Force personnel as the BUFF (Big Ugly Fat/Flying Fu#$%r/Fellow). The B-52 has been in active service with the USAF since 1955. Some other neat facts: Look at the wings, they are 185' feet in length. From nose to tail, the B-52 is just a shade under 160'. Empty, it weights about 158,000 pounds. Fully loaded it tips the scales at 488,000 lbs. The B-52 carries about 48,000 gallons of gas and can fly about 8,800 miles (that is about .18 MPG). Enjoy your visit.
Awesome hidden gem! Found this park while geocaching one day. We were the only ones there. Not much shade, but would be great if you wanted your own picnic or small party. Being able to get right under the plane is pretty cool! I grew up near here and had never been to this park.
I was assigned to the 7th Bomb Wing at Carswell AFB, TX from '77-'91 as an Aircraft Mechanic. Aircraft 56-0687 was one of the many B-52D's I helped maintain for our nuclear deterrent. After many years of assisting her in her service to our country I also helped to get her ready for her final flight and retirement to Orlando. We were upgrading our fleet to "G" & "H" models and starting to send the "D" models around the country for display and to the "Bone Yard" in the desert for spare parts. We escorted them to the runway for their final flights and because of their age they were flown with landing gear down as a precaution against malfunctions. I visited her for the first time this past week for a couple hours and it was nice to see her still on guard and waiting, just like she has always been.
BUFF! No, I'm not describing myself.  I'm not that much of a Jersey Shore-esque d-bag to do such a thing, and besides, I'm not that buff (yet).  The BUFF I'm talking about refers to the nickname (acronym, actually) given to that wonderful Boeing aircraft known as the B-52.  Any aviation buff, myself included, can appreciate such a fine aircraft, and if you're in the Orlando area, you can do just that at B-52 Memorial Park, adjacent to Orlando International Airport. So what is an icon of the Cold War, Vietnam, Persian Gulf War, and the current War on Terror doing at Orlando Int'l?  Turns out Orlando Int'l used to be McCoy Air Force Base, a major base for B-52s up until 1975, when it was closed and re-developed into Orlando International.  To help honor those that served, a retired B-52D was donated for display at the site.  Today, the proud vet is the center of attention at a small park off to one corner of the airport property.  There's a large observation platform in front of the plane so you can snap a few pics, or take in the big bombers' clean lines.  Considering its been on display for several decades, it's in remarkably good shape, and painted in Vietnam-era black-belly camouflage.  You can get right up and close to the big jet, and there's even a picnic table under one of the wings, in case you get the urge to dine under a huge slab of aluminum. The park overall is very well kept, and is a nice relaxing spot anyone, not just aviation buffs, can appreciate.  If you're coming or going to Orlando International and have a few minutes to spare, check it out, and show some love to a classic piece of aviation history.   And any non-aviation fans out there know what "BUFF" stands for?  No googling!
Little off the beaten path at the airport which is nice as it seems to never be busy.  Love that it's near the airport and yet so calm and quiet.  When I have to wait the arrival of family or if we're really early for our departure we chill out here to enjoy some calm before the storm. :-)  Being able to walk under and around the B-52 and take it it's size is amazing.  Really like this park as it's a hidden gem that I would recommend you visit if you get the chance.
