Great park for little kids.  My son is a little over 2 years old and there is plenty for him to climb, crawl, slide and play on. The trees are big and mature that they cover the area with shade.  There is plenty of seating too right next to the playground so you are never too far away. Each time we have gone there was never a ton of people and kids that my son couldn't comfortably play, which I always consider since he is still real little. They currently have a section fenced off that is being restored, but there is still much of the playground available to play. This is one of my son's favorite parks and never wants to leave when it is time to go.
I have to admit that as long as I have lived in Orlando, I never knew this park was back here.  The massive park consists of two areas really.  The playground area where your little minions can run rampant. On the other side contains fields and courts.   While I can't really speak much about the playgrounds.  However the basketball courts are pretty damn decent for a park.  They have two full length courts.  Which can make for an interesting game of basketball when you are fat and out of shape (like me).  Like all parks they do have the dreaded double rims.  But they aren't as bad as some courts.  The blacktop or surface is in good shape still.  Which is another hard thing to find these days.  From time to time, you will catch a group here looking to run.  I think more people will show once it isn't so "Africa" hot!   If Basketball is not your cup of tea then you could get a group to play football, soccer, lacrosse, ultimate frisbee, wiffleball, or whatever crazy games you kids play on fields.  The place has enough to facilitate such activities. Quicktip:  If you plan on hitting the fields/b-ball courts then go behind Spatz if you are on Fairbanks.  If you are on 17/92 coming from Winter Park Village side then take the left right before the Walgreens.  The children's playground itself is on Denning. WeatherMan Predicts: 100% chance of Sweatfest (insert current year). Minimum shade coverage. Strongly recommend a cooler filled with hydration from the nearby Walgreens.  All in all a great court to cross someone up and break ankles!
I am so amazed at how many beautiful parks this city has.  Lake Island Park is yet another great park, especially if you're training.  There are walkways and some really neat work out stations designed to work different parts of  your body. And all of this surrounded by lovely green grass, the ducks, and nicely kept surroundings.  It is a little bit confusing on where to turn when you arriv, and it's super dark if you're looking for it early in the morning. Overall, a great place for a nice walk and work out.
As a grown-up, when I look back into my playground days, I have such fond memories of the wooden ones.  They were always a bit shaky, and not the best to be on if had just rained.  But as far as the uniqueness of them and the addition of tires and the games you could play, they seem to be my favorite.  Therefore, when I visited the Lake Island's version, I was extremely happy to have been brought back in time. It's a fairly expansive wooden playground that was filled with kids even during the middle of a school day.  There were bridges, slides, swings, tires of course, and many fun places to go up and down.  There is a nice covered area that sits next to the equipment for parents to sit and watch.  A good place to hold a small party and/or have an outdoor lunch.  This area also overlooks a lovely lake with a fountain.   And on the other side of the playground there are soccer fields, a football field, basketball courts and softball fields which play home to the Rollin's Women's team.  All in all the park covers 23 acres and tries to be as up to date in their facilities as possible.   As such, it's a popular place to go for city residents looking to be active and enjoy nature.  Fishing in the lake is also allowed giving way to yet another activity.
This playground is fantastic for young kids.  We bring our son here every chance we get, as he truly enjoys all of the ins and outs of everything, the many levels that the playground has, and the variety of stuff to play on.  They also have a great tire swing, which easily will hold adults as well as kids.  The slides here are not plastic, which is really a great thing in my opinion, as the plastic ones tend to really build up static electricity.   As an adult bringing a young child here, it can make you a bit nervous with all the tunnels and hiding areas inside the many levels of the playground, but you can easily get up near the top of the structure, and have a great birds-eye view of everything, making it much easier to keep track of your kids.
4.5 stars for Lake Island Park. What a great find just blocks from busy Park Avenue. After torturing my three year old son with the Farmer's Market we took him here to let him burn some energy. The wooden playground is massive and covered in a beautiful oak tree canopy. My son loved the swings, slides and knooks and crannies of the playground. Most everyting is made of sturdy, thick wood, even the picnic tables and trash cans. There are working bathrooms that were relatively clean (they actually had soap!) and a covered pavillion for rent. The playground in completely fenced except for the entrance/exit and overlooks a lovely grassy field, lakes and ball fields. A nice walking/jogging trail snakes around the sparkling lakes. The lakes have fountains and wildlife that give the area a very soothing vibe. They even had a little area with fitness stations next to the lake. Very impressive!
This playground is a great place for kids to play. They love it: lots of climbing and winding paths among this wooden castle. I love that it is made of wood and not another generic playground with plastic play equipment. Unfortunately, I am quite concerned about safety. First, it is very difficult to see kids while they are playing. This would not be so concerning if the entrances were secure, but they are not. There are multiple exits with no gates. Playgrounds should have gates, preferably just one or two entrances/exits. With a wide park adjoining and quick access to the parking lot, I find myself nervous the entire time I am there.
When you think of Winter Park and it's diverse economic makeup, you are not sure what a city park will look like. Well the old nostalgic wooden play set is the busy part of the park by far. The people attend the park are fun to watch as well, some will come dressed to play and some to be seen.
This is our go-to playground. It is huge so there are plenty of slides/swings/ladders for everyone. That does make it a little harder to keep track of your kid, though. There are equipment pieces that I haven't seen at other playgrounds, like tunnels made from old tires. It is also pretty well shaded. I can't understand why there aren't more covered playgrounds in Central Florida. Nearby is a walking trail that runs along a lake with exercise equipment, so it's also a good place for a walk. If your kid likes throwing mud in a lake more than playing on the playground, this is the playground for you.
