When you walk into project 7 you're immediately put into a zen state of mind with the relaxing atmosphere and wonderful smell of lavender. The studio is so beautiful and clean. The studio offers both yoga and barre classes which is so great because I have not seen any other studio that does that. Pricing: For a walk in class they charge $15 which is pretty standard at most studios. What's great is they also charge the same amount for barre classes which is the lowest I've seen anywhere (pure barre, barre3 and other barre studios all charge over $20 a class) The membership pricing is where you get the best bang for your buck. They offer unlimited barre and yoga memberships at awesome prices! They were just recently running a special for 50% off membership pricing, so there are plenty of options for everyone's budget which I really liked. Classes: There was a great selection of yoga classes that ranged anywhere from a challenging power yoga to a completely relaxing restorative yoga class. I normally stick to the power or flow classes but recently tried the restorative for the first time and it was so great. It took some time for me to get used to quieting my thoughts but once I settled down into the class it was amazing. The instructors are all great, very welcoming, encouraging, and easy to follow throughout the class. One thing I really liked was that most of the instructors will ask before class (flow/power yoga classes) if there are any requests. I recently got up the courage to ask if we could work on headstands recently and it was awesome! The instructor broke down the pose step by step. I'm more into yoga but I've tried the barre classes and really enjoy them. I go to barre when I want a good leg/butt workout. There is also "barre flow" which adds more cardio into the mix. Overall the barre classes are challenging, fun and a great way to mix up your workout throughout the week. I highly recommend checking this studio out, you wont be disappointed!
I recommend barre classes with Mary. Small class sizes and nice community of people. Weekend classes fill up quickly.
Wow, what a nice place. There is so much emphasis on power yoga at so many of the local studios (and yes - they do offer power yoga here - so power yogis you should try this place too!) that I've forgotten how great it is to go into a really chill studio and indulge in flow, hatha, meditation and leave a class feeling like I've gotten a full mental refresh. Instructors are awesome- easy to follow, lots of encouragement (but no pressure to overextend yourself) and, I think, a really good eye for form... little adjustments when you need them, and on my very first class there, even picked up which pose I struggle the most with balance-wise and got me into it. Great neighborhood studio!
Project 7 is a beautiful, but over-priced yoga studio. Charging $15 per class is a little too high for one session. They have a great, peaceful studio; the class was pretty job--a little too much ab work for my liking, but I won't complain about that. The teacher was nice, but there was not Om-ing, or invocation...I really miss it when teachers leave that out. I would give it another star if it wasn't so expensive.
Project 7 Yoga is a brand new studio that has opened up on Virginia Dr. in Ivanhoe Village. They offer yoga (duh), Pilates, and will start offering a barre class (Barreamped they call it) in September. The location is easily accessible, though it's on the south side of the street. Sometimes traffic can get a little backed up there. To start, the studio space was lovely and very well done. There's ample space and a backdrop of curtains and lights covering the front windows. They also have curtains instead of a door when you're entering and exiting the practice area, which is different but didn't pose any issues at the class I was in this morning. The cubbies were easily accessible and the overall design was quite fluid and allowed for one to move around easily between spaces. There is a restroom inside the practice room, which is a bit different but wasn't off-putting, and another one in the back as well. There are also changing rooms, but I didn't look at those. My friend and I went to try a free class (they have a special for August listed on their website where your first class is free) this morning and met Mary, the owner, and Nicole, our instructor. Both were very friendly and helpful, and Nicole was able to help all of us in the class (spoiler alert: there were 3 of us) with adjustments, which I like. That's something I miss when I go to OPY, I like to know if I'm doing the pose correctly. Unfortunately I'm moving next week and won't be able to keep going to Project 7, but I do recommend people give it a try. I enjoyed my visit and think it's a lovely addition to the Ivanhoe area which has somehow been missing a yoga studio up until this point.
Love the Barre classes. The studio is beautiful. The owner Mary is a sweetheart. You will not be disappointed with this place. It's a workout for your body, mind & soul.
I promise to write much more interesting reviews in the near future. But I had my first visit to project 7 yoga today I needed to get out all that I could, with what energy I had left. don't take it the wrong way... I'm  exhausted because I'm out of shape and I went to Ashley's power flow. I got a solid, much needed, deserved beat down. Again, just to be clear, the class was impressive and Ill take 100 more. The instructor gets 6 stars (yes I just made my own rating rules!). The facility a 4-5. The greeting at the front, a 5. Anyhow I think you get the point. I'd tell you to join but the class that size is currently spectacular, so why would I encourage that?!  Jk. Sign up, see u soon.
I've been to several yoga studios around Orlando and this one is by far my favorite! It's clean and spacious. Soothing atmosphere. The staff are are very friendly and really know their stuff.  The classes I've attended so far have been in the smaller side so I've received lots of personal attention and adjustments that have changed my practice for the better. Very grateful for that. The variety of classes offered (yoga, barre, and piyo!) inspired me to purchase a year long and I'm so happy I did. Project 7 is the best, most well rounded studio in town! You will not be disappointed. It's my happy place.
Great new yoga/Pilates/barre classes!! Clean, friendly, and lots of variety! Great spot!
This studio could not be more gorgeous!! Amazing energy & feel, talented instructors, and a great lineup of classes, with everything from vinyasa flow & power yoga, to Ashtanga, Pilates, and even Barre classes! So cool!!
Mary has done a great job with this new studio in the Ivanhoe Village. The staff and teachers are warm and welcoming. The energy of the studio is amazing, and the class schedule is aimed towards students of all experience levels. I've been to many studios in the area, and this is the most well rounded of the bunch. If you are new to Yoga or have been doing it for years, Project 7 has something to offer you.
Nicest studio I've ever seen! Clean, friendly, great location. Plenty of parking which is rare Downtown Orlando.  I'm not really a yoga guy but I truly enjoyed my experience here.  I recommend to anyone.
Project 7 Yoga is a wonderful studio! The instructors are very welcoming and very knowledgeable. What makes this studio stand out from the rest is the variety of the classes offered, the exceptional instructors and the relaxing and clean environment. I would highly recommend this beautiful studio to anyone who enjoys yoga, whatever your experience level.
i cannot say enough good things about this studio! i started practicing here about four months ago, and i love everything about it. the space is beautiful and soothing, the instructors are so welcoming and truly care about helping you, and the class offerings are built to accommodate all schedules and all experience levels. i joined this studio to further my yoga practice, but i have started taking their barre classes, too -- i have never felt so good about my body and my mind than since i started practicing at project 7. i feel encouraged with every visit, and i look forward to walking through the door everyday : )
