What a great event for the community! How many places can you live where you can say "oh yes, I sat in the park and watched a free movie this week"??  And talk about a perfect date night!! Go to dinner on Park Ave., and then throw a blanket down, crack a bottle of wine and snuggle under the stars as you watch classics like Mary Poppins! The only drawback is that the park is right next to the train tracks, so you can get some minor interference.  However, they do pause the movie with a train comes through, just so you don't miss a moment of the action!
I love love LOVE Popcorn Flicks in the Park! Enjoy the Florida evening with cool movies and popcorn courtesy of The Enzian. Bring a blanket and pack a picnic and you've made a night of it! I usually skip the free popcorn and just bring some fruit, dippable veggies, sammies, and wine. Bringing a small candle will also set the mood as well as help you see. So far, I've only been there in the Fall/Winter seasons, so no bugs -- but I can imagine it might get a little unbearable during the Spring/Summer nights. Maybe bring a bug repelling candle or spray. Thank you Enzian for providing such a fun and awesome event!!
One of the best free events to do in town. They always have a great movie playing. I have been many times and it is always a great experience. We always bring a blanket, snacks, and wine. Bug spray is also needed most of the year if you are the sort of person who gets sucked on all night by little buggers. As a previous reviewer stated, the chair situation is the only thing that I would like to change. While I think it is nice and comfy to be in my lounge chair sipping my glass of wine, it sucks for the person sitting on the blanket behind me. If you must bring chairs, it would be much cooler if you set up on the sides or toward the back. Oh, and you may come across some talkers here and there during the movie. Try not to get too annoyed, they are just trying to have a good time too. The train pause is an awesome time for a potty break!!!!
Popcorn Flicks are a treat for couples, families and/or groups of friends- located in the Central Park lawn in Winter park, the screen is in the band stand. The Enzian is the film partner and provides hosting and mic entertainment for needed train stops. :) Bring a blanket, lawn chairs and a picnic to enjoy a nice evening, free of charge. If you are arriving for a special event, say for Christmas (2012 was Elf, last year was Polar Express) plan to arrive several hours in advance to stake your lawn space. The crowds get MASSIVE. Please be courteous of those around you, especially if you are arriving late and squeezing in front of people. Our group had a wonderful time, as did all of the people camped out around us. During the fall and winter season, the films start earlier since it's dark earlier! They announced the next three movies, here they are. Coming up: Thursday, January 10, 2013 7:00pm Pee-Wee's Big Adventure Thursday, February 14, 2014 7:00 From Here to Eternity Thursday, March 14, 2014 7:00 The Dirty Dozen
It's rare these days to find a source of entertainment, that's free, fabulous, worth your time, and close to home.  Thus, I urge you to plant yourself in Central Park (in Winter Park) on the second Thursday of each month for Popcorn Flicks.  The movie starts around 8pm (or when the sun goes down) and the popcorn is hot, delicious and also free of charge.  Bring lawn chairs, blankets, a picnic basket, wine...I even saw a couple bring candles to fully set the mood.  The area in front of the screen gets filled rather quickly so if you want a good spot, make sure you're there about 30 minutes before show time.  The last movie for the summer is, "The Color Purple."   It's a great option to start your weekend off with a smile.   Be patient though, sometimes they experience some technical troubles while they are setting up.  It's hard to get too angry since it's all free and for the purpose of making everyone happy. Side note--when the trains pass through, they do stop the movie so you don't miss anything.
Cozy comforting park that plays dope movies...came here to watch Godzilla v.s King kong. The screen was the perfect size for the masses to watch in delight. I love the outgoing Enzian workers that hand out popcorn and hand out surveys. Of course you will receive postive feedback Enzian you guys are the brain behind this magnificent plan! You can bring out a beach chair, some take out for dinner....relax and enjoy a FREE movie. Money saving get togethers get me highly delighted. woop woop The best part of these events is that they will pause the movie if the noisey train comes by (thank you for not letting this be an obstacle enzian folks!)
I don't know why I didn't start doing this years ago, last night's movie was so much fun! Bring a blanket, some wine and cheese, bug spray, and hang back to enjoy a free awesome movie provided once a month by Enzian. I do recommend more people try to bring blankets instead of chairs, as the people in chairs make it really hard for the blanket folks to see. That minor detail aside, the event is really well put together. They pause the movie every time the train rolls by, and provide a couple of surprisingly clean portable loos nearby so no one has to bother the nearby shopkeeps. Very fun event, I'll be coming back for more.
This is a great place for a lite dinner and a movie. The seats are for snuggling with your favorite loved one. I went here alone and still had a good time watching the wrestler. But you need to make sure that you buy your tickets online. If you like what you see you can make arrangements for reserved seating. I intend to take my date there.
This is one of my FAVORITE things about Winter Park. Free movies, usually old favorites/classics in beautiful parks...it doesn't get much better to this. It's really fun to get a bunch of friends together, bring food/wine and enjoy a movie. To me it's more comfortable to bring a chair. I've been to both locations and they are both great. It does fill up quick so it's good to get there at least an hour early and chill.
About once a month Enzian presents Popcorn Flicks in the Park at either Hannibal Square or Central Park (both in Winter Park).  These movies, shown free of charge, are usually old favorites--I saw The Princess Bride.  When the train comes through, they pause the movie so no one misses a thing.  Bring your blanket/lawn chair and your own picnic basket with munchies and drinks.  Everyone comes for a relaxing night that combines the wonderful benefit of living in Florida with the fun of your favorite movies.  The Goonies is coming next month and the Enzian accepts your donations, if you care to contribute.
