This mini park alone made my trip to Islands of Adventures worth it.  They did a great job of recreating the world of Harry Potter.  I wasn't a huge die hard fan, but I did watch all of the movies and even though the final movie was a bit of a letdown I was hooked.  Everything from the shops to the butterbeer. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
this place is undeniably the best theme park area i've ever been to.  the forbidden journey is the best ride i've ever been on.  there is such a high attention to detail, that yes, you really feel like you're in one of the movies.  i consider myself an HP nut, but my brother and sister are even more insane.  they agreed with my assessments and were even able to point out details i didn't know.   while you're standing in line at the forbidden journey, you wait out your time in line walking through herbology, past the potions class room, dumbledore's office and many other hogwarts areas.  at one point you're in the defense against the dark arts classroom.  it's amazing.  absolutely amazing.   the stores were so cool and detailed.  the three broomsticks was built to a T to replicate the one in the movies.   the other 2 rides - flight of the hippogriff and dueling dragons are good, too.  dueling dragons was so good, we had to go on it twice -- once on the "hungarian horntail" coaster, and once on the "chinese fireball" coaster.   one note of caution -- it gets crazy crowded!  especially between noon and about 5.  my family and i got to the theme park at 830, a good half hour before they "open" but everything was up and running.  we ran to forbidden journey first, and only waited about a half hour.  we stayed at the park the whole day and hit up forbidden journey again around 7pm, when the wait was about 40 minutes.  this was on a wednesday.   still totally worth it, and during the crowded times, you can just go ride jurassic park or incredible hulk.
As I entered Hogsmeade I was amazed on the look of the place versus the rest of Islands of Adventure. You could tell someone was serious in making this place look like something out from the Harry Potter films. I first rode Dragon Challenge which is a high speed roller coaster but you have to place your backpack in a locker near by that uses your fingerprint as a key.  The ride was ok and not many people were riding it, and when I tried opening my locker it would not open. The fingerprint did not work, but luckily there was someone to open it for me. So then I continue into this village looking at the architecture of this place and spot another ride, Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, where people seemed running to ride.  Again I had to put my backpack in a locker and use my finger print as a key. I then get in line which moved fast since I was a single rider. The ride is a virtual ride in front of screens and very jerky which caused me to get dizzy. The video screens were not in HD and did not like this ride. What made it worse my locker again would not open, even with help. It took me 45 minutes to finally get it open and decided no more bag checking where Disney does not have lockers for their rides. There was a much smaller roller coaster but designed for little kids. I also decided not to ride anymore simulator rides at Universal which seems to be 90%. In making things a little better I tried Butterbeer and it was delicious.  I even got the collector cup and kept getting refills throughout the day. I had lunch at Three Broomsticks and expecting some strange food from the Harry Potter films but had roasted chicken. It was good and liked the way they designed this place, but the staff were acting like they do not care. This place really needed a show inside like Disney does for some of their restaurants. I saw another line and got in it which turned out to be Ollivanders where a person is chosen to receive a wand. Afterwards your are thrown in a store where you can buy your own wand.  The show was good and thought there was going to be more like it like potions or broomsticks. There were a couple of stores selling unique items.  I was there when a part of this place was under construction for the new Diagon Alley at Universal Studios. As a walked towards Jurassic Park there is a bridge with a great photo spot of Hogsmeade as your backdrop. Overal Universal did a great job bringing Harry Potter into the real world.
This place is so COOL! I am a huge fan of the series, so the moment I stepped foot into this place, I was hyperventilating! Hogsmeade, Hogwarts, the Hogwarts Express, etc. Everything looked like it came from the movie! This place is amazing! I didn't get to go on the Dueling Dragons when I was here, unfortunately, but I did go on the ride inside the castle. The Forbidden Journey, I believe! I was lucky to be there early, so the wait was only approximately 20 minutes. The interior of the castle was decorated just like the movies, with moving photographs, and apparitions of Harry, Hermoine, and Ron. It was perfection. The ride was a lot of fun as well. You get to journey through the different events that happened the series. I would go on it again twice, or even three times, if I was given the chance! The Flight of the Hippogriff is a tiny rollercoaster. I think its mostly for little kids. I didn't understand why the line was so long for it, but I guess its okay. The stores there are very interesting. With a lot of candies and food that was featured in the series. Nonetheless, it was very expensive! I recommend trying a Butterbeer. I got the giant souvenir cup, which was about $12 a cup. A bit pricey, but you can get $0.98 refills throughout the rest of the park on regular soft drinks. The Butterbeer tasted like cream soda with a hint of caramel.
Oh, dreams do come true. We came to - as we like to call it - Harry Potter world for a girls weekend/bachelorette. I totally fangirled, as well as my friends. Everything was perfect, all the details that went into this theme park are amazing. Hogsmeade has Zonko's and Honeydukes, Three Broomsticks, Hog's Head, Dervish and Banges, and Ollivander's. Needless to say, we did it all. Honeydukes and Zonko's are attached to each other. I bought a chocolate frog and some Bertie Bott's Every Flavoured Beans. Ugh, the vomit is legit - just don't do it. Across the street is Ollivander's and Dervish and Banges. Unfortunately I wasn't chosen at Ollivander's to test out the wands. The kid who was chosen was not into it at all - I wanted to punch him. Seriously fool, get excited. The effort the people put into it is awesome, they truly make it a realistic experience. The prices on some of the stuff is a little high - 50$ for the marauder's map - no thanks. A wand only runs you 30$ though. I got a Deathly Hallows key-chain and it was 11.95$ I think. Outside at the post office you can get your merchandise stamped that you bought it in Hogsmeade. Or you can send a postcard right then and there to a loved one. We went inside the Three Broomsticks and got some Butterbeer. I prefer the frozen over the cold, the cold seemed way too sweet. I wonder if they have hot during the winter - if not, a great suggestion! Hog's Head was a fun bar where we sat and drank our Butterbeer. Those were the main stores you could go into, they also had storefronts for many other stores with cute signs in it explaining why they weren't open, i.e. out fitting for the wizardwear shop or back in 15 for another. I think in the future it would be awesome to have a majority of the shops open, at least to walk through or have little shows in. Also, where was the Shrieking Shack? Now onto Hogwarts, a most magical place. We used the early admission from our hotel and were able to get there super early - totally worth it. The walk through Hogwarts was awesome. You get to see Dumbledore's office and listen to the paintings talk to each other. The Fat Lady didn't sing and break the glass like I was hoping haha. You walk through Gryffindor's common room. I was hoping the Sorting Hat was going to sing a song, but alas he didn't. I'm not a roller-coaster kind of girl so I was a bit nervous that the ride was going to be scary. Thankfully it wasn't! It's an amazing 3d simulation ride. It does make you flip on to your back during parts, but never upside down. There weren't any dull parts or blank parts during the ride where you wait for the next part of the simulation. At some points I thought we were actually going to get hit by the Whomping Willow or a dementor was going to get us. After you go through it the first time, I suggest going again (and again) but use the single rider's line to skip all the people and the wait. I can't wait to go back next year when Diagon Alley is open. Also, being able to actually ride the Hogwarts Express will be epic.
Magical!! It really felt like I was at Hogwarts while walking through the castle in line for  the Forbidden Journey.  One of the most amazing motion rides I've ever been on. Olivanders show is excellent and feels so magical and real. Wish it was a bit longer. It has such a cool and spooky feel inside his shop. My only problem was that it's soooo crowded.  We stayed til closing time and walking through without the crowds was a surreal experience, and that allowed the suspension of disbelief to make it seem so much like we were a part of Harry Potter.
Met friends at 3 broomsticks Round of butter beers to escape from the humidity. Yah, itz december but we're in florida. Please note, the draft beer cup holds the same amount of liquid as the butter beer cup. Most of us had fish and chips or roasted chicken. Both dishes had good proportion of meat and potato. Entrees were filling. Did wish for the fish to be beer battered
OMG, absolutely amazing.  Universal really got every detail down from Ollivander's Wand Shop to the Hogs Head.  You will even find small details in the shops and in the windows from an extendable ear and Sirius's animated wanted poster, to the monster book and monsters and chocolate frogs!  The walk through Hogwarts, which is also the que for the main attraction, is amazing.  Even if you don't want to ride....which u should because the ride was crazy good....you should still walk the que.  Butterbeer is a must, they came up with an awesome recipe.  My review is lacking a star because it was not built to handle the crowds.  I spent the entire day shoulder to shoulder every where I went.  Just to buy a chocolate frog, it took almost 20 min.  Def wait to visit during non peak season.
Okay before I say ANYTHING, let's just clear it up and I'll admit I'm a huge Harry Potter fan and this place had me drooling, gawking, squealing with excitement, etc. Their attention to detail with this place is absolutely amazing. From the insanely accurate interior decor to the recording of Myrtle in the ladies bathroom, it really did make you feel like you were in that world. .....Aside from the throngs of tourists. Even though we went in January and had enjoyed a moderately line-free day at Universal Studios and the rest of Islands of Adventure, HP was pretty packed. That castle IS huge, well built, and the simulator ride is awesome, but as a whole HP world was fairly small considering the size of the fan base flocking to it. Food is slightly better than the rest of the park and butterbeer is fairly inexpensive and totally worth it. However, even at the bar they won't spike it for you (who doesn't want to get drunk off butterbeer?)..... in fact, if they give you hard liquor they need to see you take the shot....some business about keeping their non-alcoholic drinks non-alcoholic. Strongbow and butterbeer go well together
This was the best thing I did last year and I did a lot of cool things in 2010. Just the prospect of going made me feel like I was 10 years old; I was just THAT excited. Usually that much hype leads to a letdown but... Not this time. It doesn't matter that the mini park is smaller than Tomorrowland. I could still spend all day here just walking around, looking into the fake shop windows. And even then I still probably wouldn't pick up on all the details that are hidden virtually everywhere. All the lines for the rides weave through scenes from the movies and places in the books. The window displays have the most amazing random items. The shops have the coolest souvenirs. The food is wonderful. The Forbidden Journey ride is the best ride I've ever been on in my life. And... the butter beer. Best drink ever and can't be found anywhere else. SO AMAZING. Don't drink too much before the Forbidden Journey ride though; a lot of people were already walking off fairly dizzy, myself included. It's more than worth it though! P.S. If you're liking the pumpkin juice too, the Universal Orlando website has started selling it in packages of four!!! Unfortunately not the butter beer, though.
My wife and I are huge Harry Potter fans!  Yet, we were disappointed in this section of Universal Studios.  First, it was a lot smaller than we thought.  You could literally walk from one end to the other side in less than 1-2 minutes.   Second, all the merchandise looked really cheap, but was expensive.  The wands were made of cheap plastic but were selling for $30.  A copy of the Marauder's Map was selling for $50! Maybe our expectations were too high?  I guess as long as you set the bar low for your expectations, and look to enjoy the rest of the park you'll be fine.
I loved the Butter Beer, it reminded me of frozen Worther's.  It was cool and refreshing, make sure to check the other side of the line. The main ride is amazing.  Great detail.
The Forbidden Journey ride is the best ride I've ever been on (I don't like roller coasters so don't judge me). Definitely worth the 45 minute wait. Second best part? Butter beer. I also enjoyed the wand shop and Moaning Myrtle in the bathroom. I gave it 4 stars because I wanted more! More characters, more interactions. But overall, it was pretty awesome!
Best.  Themepark.  Ever.   One downside - the crowds.  There's a reason it's so crowded though - because it's amazing.  If you have the cash and are a huge fan,  you can purchase line jumpers for the rides, but if you're going off season or can get into the park first thing, you should be ok.  It's very realistic and fans of the books will be thrilled.  Get on the rides.  Eat lunch at the Broomsticks.  Drink a butterbeer.  Drink a pumpkin juice.  Buy a wand or two for your (bigger) kids.  Get yourself a chocolate frog and enjoy.
So great! It's actually like stepping into the world of Harry Potter. The streets look like Hogsmede and the music sets the scene perfectly. They don't sell muggle drinks in the three broom sticks (I loved this haha) but they do sell Butterbeer so give it a try! Oh and be sure to grab some Bertie Botts every flavoured beans and a chocolate frog! The rides are awesome too :)
This was definitely the highlight of our trip to Universal. Although we don't have kids, my girlfriend and I love Harry Potter and were not disappointed. We went on the dragon challenge (a wild roller coaster), and Harry Potter and the forbidden journey, a Sim Ride. Both were outstanding. Their replication of Hogmeade was incredible. It literally felt as if we were going to Hogwarts. The outside of Hogwarts was IDENTICAL to the movies. Even if you aren't into the rollercoasters it is worth is a trip either way just to check out Hogsmeade. Even the gift shops: the wands, butterbeer, and other Harry potter memorabilia  make this place memorable. DONT MISS THIS PLACE!!! It makes Islands of Adventure one of the hottest theme parks on the planet.
Head to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter as soon as you get to the park. Lines tend to be shorter in the morning and right before the park closes. You're required to put your items in lockers for most rides so try to limit the amount of stuff you decide to bring with you to the park that day. The Forbidden Journey made me a bit motion sick, but it was still pretty awesome. Butterbeer was good. Check out the video I made: youtu.be/7hLAlm75Ilk
You must get a frozen butter beer $4.25!  It is so yummy.  I need to now get it from Starbucks or something as I am jonesing for it now that I am home! The town of Hogsmeade here is so cute and authentic.  The stores sell wands and owls.  Ask where Voldemort is and the staff will freak out. Fun :)
A must for any harry potter fan! I loveeeed it. Makes me wish I got that letter from hogwarts at 11. =( Who doesn't? I definitely have to check out oxford one of these days... oh and plan my 2015 trip after diagon alley finishes constructions =)
Like many adult fans of the Harry Potter Book and Movie series, I had been looking to visit Harry Potter World since the park opened.  Before our trip to Orlando I was trying already trying to plan what I would eat once there and looking at other Yelp reviews--my hubby insisted that no one would possible review food at a theme park---- Hah was he wrong!  In addition to the many helpful reviews I found before going, I decided that I would write my very first Yelp review on Harry Potter Word. While the food is by no means the reason to spend the $88 admission fee to Islands Adventure, I was not disappointed in the least with my lunch at the Three Broomsticks.  The fish and chips were actually delicious and one of the best value meals for price.  The batter was just crisp enough without being overly oily and definitely not soggy.  I enjoyed the chips which were thicker than mcdonald's french fries but certainly not steak cut.  All of this can be washed down with a pint with the delicious Hogs Meade Brew (essentially Killinger's).  If you have a realy sweet tooth, butterbeer would be the way to go. As far as the rides go I"m so happy we visit in February!  I"m sure the lines would be brutal in the summer heat, however at a pleasant 70 degrees and relatively short lines we had a great time as we made our way through the green house and then the castle.  The forbidden journey ride which comes after walking through the castle was great.  If you like roller coasters, the dueling dragons is a lot of fun. The recreation of Hogsmeade village was also amazing and worth taking pictures in.  If you're the kind to enjoy a good prank, every flavor jelly beans are a great find, however cheaper if you purchase on Amazon.
Love, love, love! I've grown up around Harry Potter and was so excited to visit and this place did not disappoint! I actually got a little teary eyed (sad, I know lol) when we got to the front and I could see Hogwarts Express and could hear the music playing! Zonkos and Honeydukes were great! I agree with some reviewers that they should of made the stores bigger as they were pretty crowded, but I'll let that slide. They sell so many different items throughout the area such as wands, chocolate frogs, every flavor beans, shirts, jewelry, mugs, etc. It's amazing the amount of detail they put into the place. If you really take the time and walk through it you will see all the little intricate details. The castle is amazing! Honestly, The Wizarding World of Harry Potter was better than I could have imagined! Moaning Myrtle in the bathroom was a nice touch. Can't wait for Diagon Alley to be finished and I will definitely be back!
I felt fully enveloped in a Harry Potter novel. This section of the park is really separated from the rest, and helps with that illusion. Enter the gates and find the Hogwarts Express train. I only wish the Wizarding World was bigger. For example, I took leave of my friends whilst drinking at the Hogs Head Pub in order to do some additional shopping. I'd already hit up Honeyduke's and the joke shop... and I quickly discovered all the other neighboring storefronts (aside from Olivander's and Dervish and Banges) were actually fake! There is a small stage, where I was able to catch the croaking frog Glee-like chorus. There are a couple of food stand-type vendors shilling pumpkin juice, butter beer, and other goods. Then there's the main event -- The Forbidden Journey -- inside Hogwarts castle... A really awesome replica of the real thing (I would've loved transitioning staircases, but suspect it's a liability!). It's a lot of fun... whether you're a Harry Potter fan (like me) or not (like my husband).
Located in the back of the Islands of Adventure Universal Studios Orlando is The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. In my opinion and based on the crowds there it is easily the most popular part of the theme park. It isn't too big but there is a lot of things to do from Olivanders wand demonstration to The Owl Post which has lots of souveniers to the Hogs Head that servers the famous Butterbeer and regular beer for the grownups. There is also the Three Broomsticks where you can grab lunch if you are hungry. There are three rides in the area, The Flight of the Hippogrff  that is for the kids, beware that there is only one car going on the ride at a time which means the line can go by pretty slow. But its for the kids so who wouldn't go. hehe. Next is the Harry Potter and The Forbidden Journey which is more of the medium ride that has a lot of movement but is mostly in a digital screen that has a great amount of detail and makes you feel like you are actually flying based on what you see. At the end of that ride there is a gift shop called Filch's Emporium which has a lot of great gifts including the scarfs with the house patch at the ends of the scarf. If you saw my other reviews I often mention this and thats because a lot of people including my girlfriend and I were looking around for them because they are not in the Owl Post at the main street. Hope people read this and go back to the park with this knowledge if they were looking for it. The next ride is The Dragon Challenge which is a pretty intense Roller coaster that has a pretty good sized line and has a good amount of loops as well. There is an option of the Butterbeers as well, My girlfriend and I got a Frozen Butterbeer which was very good! There is also the Hogs Head beer which tasted pretty good and my girlfriend and I love the sourvenier cups. Hope some of this helps! Have fun and let the magic loose!
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is AMAZING and it's just like I imagined Hogsmead to be. I went on every ride and saw everything. I had a huge grin on my face the entire day!!! Get frozen butterbeer, its magically delicious! Also get to the park right when it opens and RUN directly to Harry Potter world if you want to avoid the 3 hour lines for each ride.
Seriously, this place was more awesome than I could have imagined. It was amazing to walk into this whole new world at Universal and it really does meet your expectations of what you'd expect! While we were there, we had the butterbeer (how could we not!?) and it's very similar to a cream soda with a butterscotch frothy topping. We also had the special Harry Potter beer which is very much like a Killians. Give them both a shot! (If you're of age of course for the latter beverage). The rides are great in that area too. Make sure you sit in the front if you can for the dragons ride! It's worth it!
We visited Universal's Islands of Adventure on one of the busiest days of December - the park closed for capacity in early afternoon.  We were lucky, because we had early admission, and at 7:00am we were already making a beeline for the Harry Potter area.  The line for 'Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey' was minimal - maybe fifteen minutes? - and we rode the ride twice.  (Hint: Take the single rider line.  You'll be in and out within a quarter of an hour.)  Afterwards we were able to wander the streets with ease.  We popped into each of the shops briefly, to get an idea of we would want to buy, but the thought of carrying everything in our pockets all day was disheartening, so we decided to come back later to make our purchases.   BIG MISTAKE.  When we attempted to return to the Wizarding World, we had to get a return 'ticket' to let us back into the area around 5 o'clock.  It was only noon!  The alternative would have been to wait in a 2+ hour queue, just to get into Hogsmeade.  No thanks!!  We went off and experienced the rest of Universal, came back at 5, and went to town.  We had dinner at The Three Broomsticks, which was only a fifteen minute wait - not bad at all.  While the boys did the Dragon Challenge, I waited in line to get into the shops.  Le sigh.  I should've done my spending in the morning, but I could never have predicted that the place would get so crowded Universal would make you join a queue just to give them money! THE ATTRACTIONS OF HARRY POTTER LAND: HARRY POTTER AND THE FORBIDDEN JOURNEY: AMAZING ride inside the great Hogwarts Castle that looms over Hogsmeade.  Best theme park ride I've ever been on, I think.  It combines video screen technology and "live action" effects to really thrill you and immerse you in the world of Hogwarts.  It's almost necessary to go through the long queue at least once to get the background story - something about Hagrid's lost a dragon, and Harry, Hermione and Ron are sneaking you around the school.  It's like walking through the movie set....you visit Dumbledore's office, the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, Portrait galleries, and more.  Total wish fulfillment.  Once on the ride itself, you fly across a Quidditch pitch and encounter spiders, dementors and dragons. DRAGON CHALLENGE: My boyfriend went on the two roller coasters and loved it.  I, being a squeamish wimp, declined the opportunity. FLIGHT OF THE HIPPOGRIFF: The line was long and we'd heard this was just a kiddie coaster, so we skipped this ride, too. THREE BROOMSTICKS: Great British food.  The fish & chips were crisp and hot, and the Shepherd's Pie was delicious.  Yes, it was pricey, but trust me, there was little else in the park worth eating.  We tried the Hog's Head Ale, an exclusive beer found only in Hogsmeade, and butter beer and pumpkin juice.  Butter beer is very addictive; had the weather been warmer I imagine we'd have downed it by the gallon.    It was very crowded, but wait was minimal. HONEYDUKES/ZONKO'S: The candy shop had many of the candies you read about in the books, like Bertie Bott's Beans (Jelly Bellies), Pepper Imps, Fizzing Whizbees, Chocolate Frogs, Fudge Flies, chocolate wands and cauldrons.  Other items I expected to see were sold out, I think - there wasn't a Sugar Quill to be found!  Bottled pumpkin juice was available for purchase, but unfortunately no bottled butter beer. FILCH'S EMPORIUM: This is the shop you land in when you exit the Forbidden Journey, so it is CROWDED.  Always.  Some of the more unique items for sale included Hogwarts-themed pins (I bought one with the Ravenclaw crest) and scarves with the House emblems on them.  Unfortunately, when we were there only Hufflepuff scarves remained, and as one person exclaimed, "NO ONE WANTS TO BE IN HUFFLEPUFF!!!" DERVISH & BANGS/OLLIVANDER'S/OWL POST: This is where you'll drop most of your money for wizard-themed goods.  Some of the offerings were pretty neat - I really liked the wax seal sets sold in the Owl Post area.  The wands you've heard so much about are also here; if you want to wait in an especially long line, wait to see the Ollivander's 'show' where a child is matched to a wand.  The wait line for this shop was over an hour, so by the time you got in it almost felt like you *had* to buy something to justify all that standing around. Hogsmeade's shops and streets were all made to match the look of the movies - including how they were spaced.  Unless you go right when the park opens, it's insanely crowded in the shops, with hardly room to move.  Even the streets rapidly fill up and employees have to direct traffic flow. But Hogsmeade looks amazing.  On a cold day, like when we visited, it looks and feels just like a frosty English morning and you can really pretend you're in Harry's world.  In a couple of years, when the crowds die down, this should be a really amazing place to wander.  Right now, though, it's just insane.
I'm a big Harry Potter fan, and I think that Universal has done something extraordinary with this section of Universal's Islands of Adventure, so I want to explain why, for me, this is only a two-star destination. First, when I say I'm a big fan, I mean big: six foot four and currently twenty-five stone. Not quite as big as Hagrid, but closer to his size than Professor Sprout's. So none of the adult rides fit me -- I tried to fit into the test cars that they provide so you don't waste time in line. That's not to say that your time in line actually is wasted at all; the queue experience for Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey is a wonderful immersion into Hogwarts, and I know because I walked through it with my wife because she said she wanted to ride it. At the very end she opted out anyway, and the team member very sweetly offered to bump us to the front of any other queue. But I'd have gone if the ride vehicle had been big enough, and I wish it had. Second, the non-ride experiences are of uneven quality. The Ollivander's show is an unsurprising re-enactment of Harry's first visit, using a volunteer picked from a group of about one or two dozen. The wand may pick the wizard, but first the wizard has to get picked by Ollivander, and your personal odds aren't very good in any particular group. After that, it's just a matter of a few wrong wands and one right wand, with physical and auditory special effects built into the room, and you're off to shove your way into the wand shop and general merchatorium. People actually wait in line outside on a hot day for this -- for an hour! They're barking, I tell you. The only reason I saw the "show" was that we used the bump from the FJ team member to bump into the next group, which still meant we waited about 5-10 minutes until the doors opened again. (Pro tip: You can buy a wand without waiting in line for the Ollivander's show. They're all in a store that also has quidditch jerseys, keychains, and other assorted dribs and drabs. Go right in. That's where Ollivander's show takes you anyway.) I did say "uneven" quality and not "bad". The live singing group we heard was absolutely amazing -- professional-grade beatboxing and singing, and this is coming from a fan of Pentatonix. It was a fairly small ensemble, so if you're expecting the wizarding equivalent of the Harlem Boys' Choir, scale it down a bit. The butterbeer was delicious and could be mistaken for a glucose tolerance test. I don't have nutrition facts, but I've got to imagine that there's a witch in the kitchen concocting new charms to dissolve more sugar in this stuff than in Southern sweet tea. It's like drinking cake. Keep those Pancreas-Pucker Pens (and Muggle insulin syringes) at the ready! Moaning Myrtle can be heard in the bathrooms (both sides), but not very distinctly. Bathrooms are acoustically a difficult place to be an audience. Everything echoes, and there's lots of ambient sounds interrupting the recording, and -- how shall I put this delicately? -- it's not a place where you actually want to be listening very carefully to the noises in your vicinity. If there were acoustically distinct stalls with a parabolic dish speaker above to avoid these problems, Universal might have had a genuine winner here. Unfortunately, Moaning Myrtle just ends up sounding like a big pile of... [Ron! LANGUAGE!]
The attention to detail is amazing. At night to see the castle is awesome. You are taken into the book and become part of it. Its well worth the wait
This place man, this place was amazing!  Im sad a went right before the expansion but that just means that I will have to come back! When entering you see the Hogwarts express and all the little stores with snow on top. The train conductor was available to take pictures with. There where shops with robes, owls, wands, parchment, and magic chest sets in their windows. It was all very magical. The harry potter ride was amazing and I gave that 5 stars. I skipped dueling dragons as I cannot do really big coasters but my dad said it was really fun. We did end up doing the gryphon ride with a very short wait. The ride went a lot faster than it looks from the ground but it was so unbelievably short. I wish they let you go around at least twice, not just once. :( The butterbeer was better than I expected but if you don't like overly sweet things or just had dental work done, like my husband did, I would steer away from it. It was fun to try for the first time but I don't think I would go out of my way to stand in line for another one. Overall, the line where way shorter than expected except for the wand store. That was the longest we waited for anything. Maybe about 40 minutes. And half of the line was right in the hot hot sun. The actual wand choosing was pretty cool though and I am glad we waited. The shop after the wand choosing had wizard robes for sale. I promptly threw one on and snapped a picture. I was sure that I would get yelled at for doing this but the cast members had no qualms of us having a little fun. I would have loved to come here in the evening as I am sure it would look even cooler with all the street lamps lit up. Really take your time and look at the store windows. Many details and fun things went into the store fronts. I am only giving this a 4 because so many of the stores where fake! They had doors and windows and signs but weren't actually stores. Having a separate parchment store with quills and specialty paper, a place to buy school banners and quidditch (sorry I forgot how to spell that!) jerserys would have been great! Plus the prices of the robes and sweaters where a tad steep. I hope in the expansion there  is an actual interactive sorting hat where you can sit under it and it places you in a house. And I wish you could access the 9 and 3/4 platform but I am sure that will be in the expansion with the actual Hogwarts express ride being added. Overall just seeing Hogwarts was worth it. The execution of the overall buildings, decorations, and details where amazing. I felt like I was heading to Hogwarts!  Any HP fan will crap their pants walking in. I cant even imagine how great the expansion will be. Universal Studios is nothing without this place!
Awesome ride and Castle. Just be careful if you get dizzy easily.
A freaking dream come true for any Potterhead in the world.  Everything was so beautiful!  Upon seeing entrance to the Wizarding World, I turned into a little girl, ditch my slow friends behind and ran for it!   First you get here is the famous BUTTERBEER!  It was like a cupcake in a cup or a better version of cream soda.  I love it!  I highly advise you get the butterbeer on the rocks and grab your souvenir cup.  It's so pretty.   I bought literally everything I can get my hands on at the store.  I should have probably done it last since I had a crap ton of stuff with me.  Grab a wand, a robe, a keychain, and anything you can get your hand on it.   All the rides here were amazing; the Dragon Challenge and the Forbidden Journey. I'm a little disappointed that I didn't go to Hogsmeade.  So can someone please go on my behalf? The wand show was alright...but I needed my stomach to set before I go to the Forbidden Journey.  It was ok.  The shops need to be bigger because it was so cramp inside and there was hardly any room to move.   The pumpkin juice was good and sweet like a cold spiced apple juice.  After a while of drinking it, my spit turned into sugar.   Amazing experience for me.
Everything was a dream come true! I could have spent the entire day walking around. The butterbeer was exactly as I imagined. The rides were terrific, but my favorite part was being able to walk through hogsmead while sipping on a cold butterbeer.
My husband and I visit Wizarding World has much as possible! We both are huge Harry Potter fans. We have Universal Annual Passes and, this section of the park really keeps us coming. With the new Diagon Alley they are building, it's really going to be something even more amazing. I see a lot of people comment about the prices of Wizarding World, and I agree, and don't agree. They have some nice memorabilia jewelery for only $50, and I think that's a pretty fair price. Some of the key chains and shirts and stuffed animals are a little over priced, but that's any theme park. If you're a fan of roller coasters, I highly recommend to ride The Dragon Challenge, and make sure you ride it in the front! That's the only way to ride that roller coaster. Harry Potter and The Forbidden Journey is also a pretty fantastic ride. You get to experience all kinds of memorable parts from the books/movies. The food is also not too bad. The Three Broomsticks is a pretty fast place to get some fish and chips or a burger. The Butterbeer is absolutely fantastic! A must-try for all Harry Potter fans! (And safe for the little ones) The candy store is a pretty basic candy store. The only difference is A FEW candy ideas from the movie, such as chocolate frogs, every flavor beans, fudge flies, etc. The wand shop is also great! The little show they do is very cute, and you may get picked for something special! I recommend trying as long as the line isn't super long. If so, I advise riding a ride and coming back later, it's a very short show. The train is a fantastic photo op, and hopefully you can catch the Hogwarts Express conductor out!
Totally a worthwhile experience for a HP fan. The butterbeer was sooo delicious and perfect. I only gave it 3 stars because I expected more. They definitely could use more rides and more shops. However, you do get your money's worth because it is inside Universal Studios.  The wait time for the rides however is frustrating. In addition they could have made the shops bigger. It is a little annoying when you have to maneuver your way around everything and everyone. I will definitely go back when its less crowded
Hogsmeade??! Real butterbeer?? Well goddamn. Let me just get my invisibility cloak and wand so I can run amuck in here. I was able to go into Ollivander's wand shop and look at all the wands of the characters I read about which was pretty neat. I used Dumbledore's wand and said "Accio fast pass to The Hulk Ride" but no luck. Harry, Hermione and Ron must've been filthy rich because 2 butterbeers in 2 plastic mugs set me back $23. (I recommend the cold one over the frozen one by the way,) Honeydukes sweet shop had those chocolate toads I've read about but they don't move... hm. Maybe my toad was malfunctioning. For the HP nerd, this place is the bees knees. If you're not a fan, you probably shouldn't visit as you won't understand why everybody is crowded around a train and taking pictures with it.
Fun simulation ride. Free locker to store your stuff using fingerprint scan prior to ride. I waited for 45 min but line moved fast and it was not hot today. Must ride.
THIS was the whole reason my son wanted to come on this trip.  it wasn't to watch his sister play field hockey...it wasn't to go to the Disney parks (though he gladly DID)...it was to come to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  Visiting just this section of Islands of Adventure was worth the whole trip for my son...though we did sadly missed out on Olivader's-the line was just too long-so we went into the gift shop just beyond Olivander's and my son got a new wand on his own..."the Wand Chose the Boy" as the caretaker told him! We were torn about how long we could stay in this part of the park because we were on a bit of a time limit as we had to get through both parks AND catch an 8pm flight.  My son LOVES the Harry Potter series (he read the books in 2nd and 3rd grades) and he was completely in awe of how well this area was done.  He said he felt like he was really in Diagon Alley with a bunch of Muggles.  The characters here all do a great job with their roles and the stores, Hogwarts, Olivander's, even the Hogwarts Express and conducter were really, really cool.  Thank you Universal for making this one of the greatest trips to Orlando-especially for my son.  We'll be back!
As a fan of the books since they were first released, I was so excited to get a glimpse of Hogsmead and Hogwarts and just let my imagination take flight, and boy did it ever! They have done such an amazing job bringing to life one of the most amazing worlds literature has to offer! My favorite was the forbidden journey ride. Just walking through Hogwarts just to get to the ride was awesome. I love the detail that went into this place and I can't wait to go to the one in LA when it's open!!!
There are no words to describe how incredible this place was! When I first walked in to this wizarding world... it is kind of embarrassing, but I had tears in my eyes. I did that 360 degree turn, peering up with my mouth gaping out... like what you see in tv shows and movies (I am dramatic, I know =x). I read the entire series growing up as a kid. I have a wild imagination when I read books, so I usually get disappointed when I watch movies based on those books (like the first movie of The Hunger Games...).  This place was definitely beyond my imagination. Universal really did a great job in the details. I really really really wish at Hogsmeade... they had made little hotel rooms on top of the shops. that would have be SOOOO COOLLLLL!  The butterbeer was delicious. Did not disappoint. I, of course, being a crazy Harry Potter fan, bought a bunch of jellybeans to pass out to family, friends, and colleagues. I told my manager that this was "every flavor" jelly beans. I turned around and wasn't paying attention to her. When I turned back she was spitting the jelly beans out into a trash can. She had grabbed a hand full of jelly beans and plopped them in her mouth...  Don't know what flavors she had mixed up in her mouth. Any ways so fun! I can ramble on and on about this wonderful place! All the rides were just as great as well. So imaginative! I am definitely coming back! Wish I didn't live across the country =((( would have gotten a year pass to Universal so I come here all the time.
Butterbeer is worth the wait. It  taste like cream soda with a hint of butterscotch.  I prefer it regular over frozen.  The pumpkin juice is interesting as well.  Hogsmeade is definitely smaller than expected and the stores are smaller.  This place is so packed, it not enjoyable at times.  Get there early when they open before the crowd gets wild or expect to be really patient getting around, waiting for rides and entry into the shops.  Hopefully, the new one in California will be bigger and visitor friendlier.
Crowded but a cool place to get your harry potter on! I love the dragons ride, today I rode the blue side!
It's Harry Potter land!! Long wait for the ride, but I did go during the second week of when it opened. Everything inside was awesome and realistic. Definitely recommend going! Oh and you have to get the butter beer outside. Amazing 4D ride!
Butter beer is fantastic!  This place was soo much fun. The ride and attractions were amazing.
Great looking place, not as large of an area as I was expecting. Universal definitely didn't plan for the crowds as the stores general seating areas fill up fast and can get overwhelmingly uncomfortable. Try and hit this part of the park early in the morning, do the castle ride first, and then walk around the small HP Land.
When I was here in October the one thing I wanted to see was the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. It's been a few months now and I am still amazed at how good this was. I'm a casual watcher of the Harry Potter flicks and know enough of the characters and story line to realize how much of a terrific job they did here. It is unreal. It's like you really step into the move. It's like actually being at Hogsmead! The Harry Potter ride is just AMAZING. I went on this ride three times. Ate at Three Broomsticks. Had a delicious ice cold butterbeer at the Hogs Head Pub. Shopped at Dervish and Banges, Filch's Emporium of Confiscated Goods, and Honeyduke. The Village is so real. Hogwarts is built to scale. Took it all in. This made my day and put me in a great mood. Get to the park right when it opens and head directly to Harry Potter world. The lines can get really long so getting this out of the way first is a must. Free lockers here too for your stuff. Then, head back right near closing time as it was pretty empty and I was able to get on the ride a few more times!
WOW!  If you haven't made it to Harry Potter in Islands of Adventure at Universal Studio.... GO!
It was everything I thought it would be. It was super packed when we were there, but it was still awesome. The little details that go into everything really make it awesome. There is Butterbeer, and super long lines for it. Just go to the Three Broomsticks when you are having lunch or dinner and place an order for Butterbeer along with your meal (there you have fish and chips, shepards pie, turkey leg among other options). There is always a line to get into Olivanders, but the store in the Port of Entry had a good selection of wands so I just went there to get one for my little sister. The Forbidden Journey ride was great. Waited in line for 2 1/2 hours the first time (just two of us) and while it was worth it, the single riders line was a total wait of about 8 or so minutes and still the same great ride. We went to the Dragon Challenge at the end of the night and it wasn't very busy so we went three times in a row. The red one is best for those who like the sudden drops and that feeling, the blue one has crazy turns and loops and stuff. They are both pretty good, and a super nice smooth ride (unlike the hulk!). It was great and if you go to Islands of Adventure, definitely make a stop over here!
I read all the books and really loved the architecture and all the work that went into the park.  It was just WAYYYYYY too crowded.  They need to find a better way to organize people other than hand-writing tickets for people to come back to GET INTO the PARK and hour later.  Even after we came back when our ticket stated and got in, it was entirely too crowded.  There was a 20-30 minute line to get into most of the shops. The main Harry Potter ride (Forbidden Journey) might be the best ride I've ever been on.  It's a lot like the Spiderman ride.  The entrance to the ride was terrible.  You can't bring anything on the ride, so there were two lines, but no one knew what the two lines were for.  Turns out one was for people who were ready to ride and the other was for people who needed to put their belongings in a locker.  But both lines ended up in the same place - at the tiny locker-room.  I had to squeeze and fight through a cluster of people to try and find a locker.  I was denied twice because it said there were NO lockers left!  Finally I found my party and waited the NINETY minutes to ride.   I loved it, but the 6 other people I was with got really motion-sick from it.  I decided to find the single-rider line and go again...but it was hidden.  I finally found the line and waited only FIVE minutes to ride!  It was unbelievable.  No one could find the single rider line so I rode it 5 more times in 30 minutes.  A couple people even asked me where to find the single rider line and I had to show them.  (The employees there had no idea of what was going on or how to manage all the people in there.) And last but not least, the Butterbeer was delicious!
What may I say rather than amazing? Its is as if the world just popped out of the book! I do adore Universal Orlando, and now I adore The Wizarding World of Harry Potter!
This was extremely cool.  They somehow designed this in such a way that you feel like you are living in a Harry Potter book for a the time you are there.  The castle ride was one of the best done rides I have ever been on.  The dragon challenge coaster was OK; I think I like free falls more and this was all twists and turns.  Get some butter beer and buy your kids a wand.  Don't waste your time going to Olivander's.  I stood in line for 45 minutes even after I knew all they were going to do was pick one person in the crowd to do the "wand selection."  It was OK, but I wouldn't have waited in line again for it.
Not the best part of Universal Studios Islands of Adventure - but certainly very popular. There are always tons of people in this tiny section of the park.  I am excited to re-review after the Diagon Alley portion in Universal Studios opens.  Didn't get a chance to try the butter beer either - apparently everyone else did, they've been sold out all 3 times I've made it to the front of the line for it!
yes, the butter beer is just fancy root beer... yes, it will taste magical nonetheless. It doesn't matter if you are a die-hard harry potter fan or live under a rock. The attention to detail of this place will make your eyes widen and mouth drop. They've created a fantastical world of Hogwarts within the humid-ass heart of Florida. Snow-capped rooftops and all. It's magnificent. Still it can't be 5 stars until they expand the world. Being packed like a sardine with a bunch of bloody Muggles just won't do!
Absolutely LOVE this area of Islands of Adv!!  The details are amazing!  The Forbidden Journey is an excellent simulation type ride, but can cause some major motion sickness if you are sensitive!  There is plenty to entertain while you are waiting in line too!  Keep in the mind, the seats for this ride are kind of snug! The Hippogriff (sorry for the spelling) is a nice child's roller coaster.  The Dragon Challenge roller coaster is great, but is the same as the previous Dueling Dragons.  I would not waste your time on Ollivander's!!  We waited a long time in the heat months ago.  It ended up being worth it b/c my stepdaughter got chosen to test the wand.  Keep in mind only one person gets chosen in a group of about 20.  The wand ended up costing us close to $30! Three broomsticks is a very cool place to eat, & the attached bar has a good choice of beer on draft.  There are also snack kiosks around that sell snacks & butter beer!   Great area but it tends to get VERY crowded with little room to walk @ times!!  One major negative for me are the shops. They ate way too small & way too dark!!  Hard to see & can get very crowded!!!
I had the time of my life probably the most fun I have at at a theme park got I alot of stuff allover my room Now whnt on the ride the forbidden journey is the coolest ride and the best que for a ride I have ever been on the most fun I have ever had an can't wait to go back I love universal and I love HARRY POTTER!!!!!
I love it! I like the butter beer, the rides, the ambiance this section gives off. You have to go here at least once. The wait for the harry potter ride is long but worth it in my opinion.
We travelled across the country to experience this (especially my daughter and me who are absolutely HP fans).  It was great.  We ended up staying at one of the resorts on property so we could get in at 7 am and made the most of our time.  Loved the castle, Hogsmeade, the chocolate frogs, the Triwizard show, and all of the crap that was in the stores.  We went back the second day to get into Ollivanders and it was short but a lot of fun.  Went back a third time in the evening to do the castle again (ride was a bit nauseating) and loved all of the details and the whole experience.  A must for HP nuts!
Harry Potter? Not a huge fan, but that doesn't mean I didn't like the ride! RIDE: 5/5 As I'm not exactly one of those fans who is obsessed with Harry Potter, I found this amusement park to be quite interesting! The ride itself was amazing. For someone who hasn't really seen all of the movies or really got into the hype of Harry Potter, they did a great job and making the ride seem like you were in the movie. I actually found the ride to be scary at times because it seems so real (Of course it wasn't though. =X). I would definitely go on it again if I ever come back to Florida! The other components of Harry Potter Land was entertaining and it felt like you went back in time. I think any person of any age would enjoy this.
This is Mecca for Harry Potter fans. The details from the books are fantastic! I'm not a big amusement park fan, but I still had a great time. My wife, who was already excited about going, was even more excited about the place once we got there. It was by far the busiest section of the Islands of Adventure park. I make fun of people that waste their money going back to places like Disney year after year, but I'll be honest and admit that I'd pay to go back to this place and will probably do so again soon.
Harry Potter has been a huge part of my life. I've been a huge fan for 15 years and have been wanting to visit The Wizarding World of Harry Potter since it opened. So when I finally came here I was a little more than excited. When I saw the entrance to Hogsmeade I quickly turned from a 25 year old fangirl into my 10 year old self. The smile on my face was huge and I almost wept with joy. This place is amazing for any Harry Potter fan. You get to see all the things you read in the books and saw in the movies come to life right before your eyes. There are so many amazing details everywhere. From hearing Moaning Myrtle in the bathrooms, to the various " have you seen this wizard?" Sirius Black wanted posters. They did an amazing job putting small details into the park, making for a great experience when you come here. They have a few shops and carts where you can buy all the Harry Potter swag your little heart desires. I might've spent a little too much money here, don't judge me. They also sell Butterbeer! I've always wanted to know what it tasted like and I finally got to try it for myself. Two words: liquid heaven! They sell it both frozen and unfrozen, however frozen is just better. Even if you don't get on the Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride, it's still worth it to wait in line. You get to go inside the castle and see all the amazing things inside. Dumbledore's office, talking portraits, the sorting hat, and so much more. You can always get out of line towards the end and wait for your party in the child swap room. It's a really awesome experience. It's definitely a place for all Harry Potter fans, young and old, to visit. They have so much to see and do. It's just an amazing place. After spending most of my vacation here I didn't want to leave. I wish I could just live in the castle. I will definitely be back here soon. We all know "Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home."
From the minute you walk into hogsmead its like you entered into the closest thing to really being in the movie as you'll ever get. My husband and I came to this part of the park on two different days. We did everything.   On the dragon challenge you get to pick which dragon you are going to ride or you can ride both but you have to get back in line. They do have free lockers just outside near the hogwarts express. Early in the day and late in the day had the best wait time about 10 minutes. The wand shop is nice expecially since its freezing inside but the wait even early in the morning was 35 minutes.  And a child isn't picked every time. The forbidden journey was at least 90 minutes wait due to the ride breaking down was supposed to be 45 minutes wait time. Well worth the wait.  I do caution you if you are prone to motion sick. I am... I had about 50mg meclizine on board and did fine. Even if you have motion sickness still worth the wait to walk through the castle. Honey dukes and Zonkos were also good. The butter beer was delightful. It tastes like cream soda with butterscotch whipped cream. We didn't eat at the three broomsticks but it smelled like the best food in the park. In general a great experience loved my time here. The gift shops are expensive so bring your money if you want to buy stuff . Well wroth the money to know you got it on your trip to hogwarts/hogsmead.
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter (TWW) might have been created as a response to the request "show me the magic!".  An area uniquely capable of suspending it's visitors' sense of disbelief, if weren't for the coaster hardware, it would be easy to forget that you're not actually walking through the streets of Hogsmeade. For those Harry Potter aficionados who, like me, are looking into TWW because its existence is the main reason for considering a trip to Orlando, be advised that it is not a stand-alone theme park.  It's a part of Universal Studios Islands of Adventure, which I reviewed (with tips and advice not specific to TWW) earlier.  yelp.com/biz/universal-s…   The centerpiece of TWW is Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, which is Universal Studios' most amazing and popular ride.  I'm planning on devoting a separate review to both Forbidden Journey, and The Three Broomsticks, which is a restaurant inside TWW where you can buy both frozen and "regular" Butterbeer. I'm about as hardcore a Harry Potter fan as they come - I read all 7 books no less than 3 times each, own the complete set of the movies on DVD, and have watched them countless times.  I still hope to get my license to apparate some day; it's coming a little slow, but very determined! ;-)  My fandom caused me to make my visit to Universal Studios Islands of Adventure the cornerstone of a recent Florida vacation I took with my two best coaster-crazed compadres. We arrived at the park 10 minutes before it opened (if you stay in one of the 3 "official" Universal hotels, you can get into the park an hour before it opens).  When the gates opened, we ran for TWW as fast as Snape runs away from shampoo!   We then immediately got in line for Forbidden Journey, which is what I advise every self-respecting Gryffindor to do. The level of detail in the crafting of TWW is the equal of anything found in the original Disneyland, and the Forbidden Journey ride was such a delight and so much fun that we did it 3 times that day, despite the fact that it's lines are the worst of any in Universal Studios.  We did everything except shopping and our 3rd ride on Forbidden Journey in the morning, hit attractions elsewhere in Islands of Adventure, went to dinner in City Walk, then came back toward the tail-end of our 13 hour amok-time in the park to do our shopping and hit Forbidden Journey 1 last time! Over and above Forbidden Journey, some of the non-shopping highlights of TWW include: - Dragon Challenge: This pair of coasters (Formerly called Dueling Dragons) is themed on the Tri-wizard Tournament from the 4th HP story (HP and the Goblet of Fire).  The take off on separate tracks after climbing the first hill in tandem, then seemingly come within inches of colliding 3 times.  While it's not quite as awesome as The Incredible Hulk, it's still one of the better coasters to be found in Orlando. - Flight of the Hippogriff: A sedately paced junior coaster (formerly called Flight of the Unicorn) with gentle drops and loops and cars shaped like Hippogriffs - part eagle, part horse.  Don't forget - wizarding etiquette calls for you to bow to the baby Hippogriff which nests near the start of the ride. On to the shopping!  The shops sell hundreds of products that were creating for TWW straight out of the Harry Potter books.  Golden snitches, wizards' robes, quidditch broomsticks, chocolate frogs, and (of course) Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Jelly Beans are just a few of the tantalizing opportunities you'll have to part with your hard-earned galleons.  Ollivander's wand shop is my unquestioned favorite. In this dusty, cramped shop boxes of wands are stacked to the ceiling.  Bells ring, music plays, and lights flash before the correct wand is found (ash, birch, or hazel?  Unicorn tail hair, dragon heartstring or Phoenix feather?).  While many customers can watch, usually only 1 customer is helped at a time.  This small bit of magical theatre takes at least 5 minutes, so the line is slow.  Wands are actually purchased next door at the Owlery. To sum it up, my coaster Droogies and I had a Stupefying time in TWW.  It's unquestionably worth the price of admission, especially as it's unique attractions are balanced and augmented by the other activities and thrill rides to be found in the rest of Islands of Adventure.  It's without a doubt a 5 star experience, and I don't for a moment regret that my longing to visit it brought me to Orlando. By Dumbledore's Beard, pay TWW a visit, buy yourself an Elder Wand, and then reunited it with the other two Deathly Hallows (the Resurrection Stone and the Cloak of Invisibility).  You may or may not become the Master of Death, but I guarantee you'll have more fun than a pony! *  For Janice C. & Mish L., 2 fellow Gryffindors who are almost as Potter-crazed as I am :-) *
I am a potterhead, and this is my mecca.
I'm such a big fan of Harry Potter that I named our wireless router "The Leaky Cauldron". And at some point, I believed that deatheaters and other dark forces were lurking outside my apartment so I felt the need to perform a series of enchantment spells to protect my abode. I'm weird,  I know.... Hey, let's talk about that BUTTERBEER huh!  ;-) OMG. You want to talk about the line for butterbeer? it took the same amount of time lining up for butterbeer as the Forbidden Journey ride. (20 mins!) was it all worth it? YES! That butterbeer reminded me of a sweet combo reminiscent of vanilla and butterscotch flavors. The light cream on top was the icing on the cake! (or icing on the beer!) I got the frozen version since I've read in some of the yelp reviews that the regular butterbeer was too sweet.  But if I was smart like you, I would've gotten my butterbeer at Hog's Head pub where there was a shorter wait and then stand in line for the Forbidden Journey ride.  You, as a Potter fan, CANNOT skip this ride. (nor the flight of the hippogriff, just because its a cool coaster ride that both kids and kids at heart can appreciate!) The Forbidden Journey goes through some significant scenes in all the Harry Potter films such as the dragon fight, a quidditch match, etc. I won't reveal all of it. With every twist and turn, it manages to be exciting and scary at the same time! (I bet you'll scream instead of yelling "expecto patronus!" when a deatheater appears in front of your face!) Be aware that they will make you put ALL your belongings (hat, bags, etc) as there is NO space in your seat for your articles. The lockers are HIGHLY advanced, needing a fingerprint scan to store/retrieve your belongings. The first 35 minutes are free and its $3 per hour after that. I was a bit disappointed in Zonko's joke shop, it's TINY space and the objects for sale seems to be afterthought from what was represented in the movies and books. Honeyduke's sweet shop was a sugary delight: chocolate frogs, Bertie Bott's every flavor beans, (I didn't find the snot flavored ones! LOL) and even regular fudge and cupcakes for Muggles!  =P Don't forget to visit the Owl Post and buy your own stuffed Hedgwig and you can also send postcards here! Ollivander's wand shop (next door) not just carries exact replicas of the wands but also selIs the four respective houses' robes, notebooks, flags, etc. I  agree with the other yelpers that Universal Studios could've made HP World bigger or put more shops there. But the details are STUNNING: from the staff costumes, the Marauder's Map on display at the gift shop and even Moaning Myrtle's voice in the girl's bathroom!   The Wizarding World of HP is full of magical excitement, even the most jaded muggle would be convinced otherwise. Too bad I can't apparate from home or I'd be here every day! For the butter beer of course! * For hard core HP fans, Mish L and Glenn G *
Great recreation of Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley. Walk through the castle was awesome, no detail missed. Cool souvenirs (wands, jerseys). The Harry potter ride in the castle was awesome.
Arry Pottuh, I fancy you quite a bit. Two pinkies up for you. Enter dork-nerdville.  I am going to keep this sweet and short as Matt T. has summed up most of my thoughts on this freaking amazing amusement park. I came here with little knowledge or love for Harry Potter and came out as a fanatic. Now I incorporate "Accio" and "Expecto Petronum" into my vocab. Yes, nerd alert. Best ride: Harry Potter & The Forbidden Journey.  Holy macaroni cheese, I love me some scary rides but this blew me out of the water.  They got all sorts of effects going on: heat, water, sound. Caution: watch out for the dementors, they're spooky and might creep into your nightmares. Guilty. The ride was definitely an adventure and we were able to ride it twice!  Brace yourselves for a bumpy ride. Accio more butterbeer please! After much anticipation, the butterbeer surpassed our expectations. It was sweet, refreshing, and delicious.  I highly recommend getting the frozen butterbeer, just do it.  It was so good I went home and attempted to make my own butterbeer. My recipe? That's one secret I'll never tell...you know you love me. xoxo gossip girl.  It tasted quite similar to it, but it just wasn't the same.  I personally think they put crack in theirs. Other must-rides are the Dragon Challenge ride, The Hulk, and Spiderman with only 10-15 minute wait! Overall, an excellent amusement park that created many great memories I will never forget.  The rides, decorations, food, atmosphere were all surreal. I felt like I was on the movie set.  I can say with confidence this was more adventurous  and exciting than Disneyland, Six Flags, and maybe Disneyworld...but that's cutting it close. I'm crossing my fingers for them to continue expansion so I can fly on over on my magical Nimbus 2000.
Best ride in Orlando. Disney's got nothing on it.
This is what I remember from visiting last summer mid-July.  I got up especially early to arrive in Orlando at 8:15. There is a bit of a walk to the entrance from parking (about $16), but unless you're easily irked by such things, it's no big deal. The park opened on a Saturday at 8:45, or thereabouts, and since my friend and I had paid and printed our tickets online the night before, we scanned our fingerprints and tickets and went right in, heading through Dr. Seuss Land to get to Hogwarts. It wasn't even crowded yet, so we left our backpacks in a nearby locker and were literally 6th in line for the Dragon Challenge/Twin Dragons roller coaster which has such props as Buckbeak and Hagrid's Hut on the way to the ride. BE WARNED, it gets a little dark, so mind where you step. We hit the blue dragon first and doubled back to go on the red one as soon as we got off. Still, the line was only a few people long. Well, even with my motion sickness pill, I got a little queasy, so we decided to walk around and skip the Hyppogriff which is more family friendly. Music from the films play throughout the park, accompanying us as we got in line for Ollivander's and watch the butterbeer vendors sell keychains and butterbeers in mugs. The queue is usually very long for this little show, and even though I had seen YouTube videos of it, I still wanted to go just to say I had been there. If you're on a time schedule, you might want to skip the line, but we only waited about 25 minutes. Afterwards you are ushered into the wand shop I mentioned earlier where you can purchase an assortment of merchandise like The Quibbler, broomsticks, robes, and wands at around $30 per wand. Some are specifically related to a birth month, others are actual character wands like Severus Snape and Dolores Umbridge. The wait for the Forbidden Journey just after lunch (maybe 1 pm?) was about 40 minutes, but in reality, it was more like 30 if you include the walk to the actual ride. There's an outside queue that gives you a view of the greenhouses from Herbology and then you actually get to enter the castle where you'll see projected images of some cast members, props from the films (Dumbledore's staircase, the House Points tubes, the Soring Hat, etc), certain rooms (Gryffindor Common Room, Dumbledore's Office, Defense Against the Dark Arts Classroom), and a ffew corridors before arriving at the actual ride which is a 3-D tour where you are supposedly flying on a broomstick behind Harry. At certain points the 3-D turns into live anamatronics like Aragog, dementors, the Chamber of Secrets, and the Hungarian Horntail which pop out of you. Around 2 pm we headed over to Honeydukes, the last stop on our tour and the place I was most anxious to get into. It connects to Zonko's which sells "magical" items and "Muggle" items. (see my review for both). All in all, I spent $100 for the one day, one park ticket,$20 for my shirt, $20 for my treats, and $13 on lunch. Would I go back? Absolutely! I plan to next year, actually, and this time my brother's coming so that he can buy his own butterbeer! Sure, it was crowded, a bit pricey, and there were some waits, but the little things couldn't take away from the atmosphere of it all, For a true Potter fan, this was nothing short of exhilarating.
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is AMAZING!  The details were incredible, and I am still in shock of how spot on they were!  The designers paid attention to everything.  Every time I turned a new corner (and even when I passed through the old ones) three words came out of my mouth: "OH MY GOSH!".  Every time.  But don't let me spoil the fun... You NEED to experience it for yourself!  Have fun, Yelper!
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss!! I will do my best to give you hints, warnings, and "tricks", or things theme parks do to try to wring as much money as they can from you. Admission: Price went up from $50 to $80 per 1 person, single park (HPW is in Islands of Adventure, separate from Universal Studios) -Trick: They ONLY list tickets with 2 day package, 2 parks, all 100 parks for 100 days (ok the Weasleys would be proud) and try their damn best to get you to buy some package. Don't do it unless you're planning to. -Hint: When buying tickets, buying online means no wait, needs to be printed out, and probably has online processing fees. At the park, there are long lines, but it's good if you want to see how suitable the weather is for that day. Fastest route to HPW: go through Seuss and up. -Warning: If there are too many people at Harry Potter, you have to go to somewhere random in Jurassic to get reservation "tickets" to even get in (free). -Hint: Be careful and call ahead (407) 363-8000 for projected "crowdedness" Available attractions: (for more details on shops read my other posts) Platform 9 3/4 with Hogwarts Express and rotating conductors - take picture with him Zonkos Joke Shop and Honeydukes Candy Shop (attached to each other, only one entrance because of crowdedness) -notable items: pygmy puffs ($20), chocolate frogs with wizarding card of 1 of 4 house heads ($10), lemon drop/sherbet, cauldron cakes, chocolate cauldrons ($10), fizzing whizbies, sugar quills ($5), chocolate wands ($8), pepper imps, peppermint toads, chocoballs, pumpkin pasties, Bertie Botts.... HUGE Keg of Butterbeer (vendor): offers pumpkin juice, butterbeer in souvenir cups and plastic cups Dueling Dragons Roller Coasters, I mean, Chinese Fireball and Hungarian Horntail - was here previously, the entrance got taken down and refurbished. Interior has Mirror of Erised, and the three underwater singing eggs from book four -hint: "free" lockers, remember your locker # and finger used, charges after a certain amount of time in proportion to ride wait times Three Broomsticks & Hog's Head Pub -warning: cornish pastries are WIMPY, turkey leg is HUGE and ripoff. ($12 for leg and some potatoes, versus $7 for leg only outside HPW) -hint 1: there are lines 1-6 to pay for meal, which means go to the line where you bought your food. -hint 2: workers sit you, outside seating available -hint 3: try pear cider and butterbeers with your meal -trick: apparently there is a "frozen" butterbeer (slushie like)...it's sweeter and slightly different from the regular butterbeer but costs $1 more and they will tell you to BUY IT SO GOOD. But don't listen, because where does JK Rowling mention frozen butterbeer? Dervish and Banges & Ollivanders Wand Shop (& Owl Post?) -You can send letters, buy wands, time turners, and robes here -hint 1: do not wait for more than 20 min to see Ollivanders. Trust me. -hint 2: since it's all connected, go through the shorter D&B or Ollie's line Flying Unicorn, whoops, Flying Griffin - was here before too, but got changed to "Griffin" - kiddie ride - you can see Hagrid's Hut and Hippogriff Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey -AWESOME, and quite a bit darker than I had imagined -warning: not for liddler kiddies who get scared easily, and the conveyor belt is kind of fast moving so tripping is an unpleasant, stressful possibility -hint 1: child swap- sit someone's kid and they'll sit yours -hint 2: MUST go through regular 2-person line, single riders miss out the little museum inside -hint 3: "free" lockers, remember your locker # and finger used, charges after a certain amount of time in proportion to ride wait times Filch's Emporium of Confiscated Goods -shop of HP and Forb.Journey -hint: get your scarf here, it's got "GRYFFINDOR" on it and a Head House patch. Other scarves are just alternating colors, at same price ($25). Also, apparently you can hear Moaning Myrtle in the girl's bathrooms. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------- Verdict: Loved: The authenticity and details. The trouser&suspenders of the workers. A world that is literally teeming with magic and muggles. Didn't like: I'm going to be picky here. I don't like how they replaced the incredible entrance of Dueling Dragons with a brown wall. Can't you just paint one green and call it a horntail? I also didn't like how the Flying Unicorn got replaced...both kind of a cop out move in my opinion. The skyrocketed prices: $10 for a chocolate frog (lol!), $30 for a scarf or wand (omg!), and $50 for stained paper, I mean, a Marauder's map (wtf?!) Literal window shopping at Gladrags, Leaky Cauldron-ish store, Quality Quidditch Supplies-ish store, some made up crazy Witch store, and Flourish and Blotts. I say this because these were just displays, and you can't actually enter. LAME. They should have done a Flourish and Botts. Or Madame Malkin's.
Was really cool
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is located within Universal's Islands of Adventure.   It's packed in here (obviously). I suggest arriving to the park as early as possible to avoid long lines. Try visiting Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride first. Attractions include: Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, Flight of the Hippogriff, Frog Choir, Triwizard Spirit Rally, and Dragon Challenge. Stores include: Dervish and Banges, Filch's Emporium of Confiscated Goods, Honeydukes, Ollivanders, and Zonko's. You can dine at the Three Broomsticks or grab a cool butterbeer at Hogsmeade. {Note} If you're staying at an Universal On-site Hotel, you will be able to enter The Wizarding World of Harry Potter one hour before the theme park opens. The complimentary water taxi opens early as well.
Love it. My favorite section of Islands of Adventure hands down. Definitely try the ButterBeer it's so good! Everything looks realistic, quite amazing. I was very impressed.
Ah-mahh-zing. As soon as you walk through the entrance, it really does feel like you've been transported into a different world. Now here's my Wizarding World of Harry Potter Survival Guide: 1. Get there early -- we got there before 9 am (when the park officially opens) and it was perfect! The lines weren't too bad and it was before the notorious Orlando heat became unbearable. 2. Do two half-days - do the rides in the morning (shorter waits and it's not quite as hot), leave when the heat is at its height, then come back at night to do your shopping! 3. Forbidden Journey - bring your camera for taking pics of the castle! There's a small pocket in the back of your seat that you can put your camera into.. just don't forget to take your camera with you when getting off the ride! Also, my friend and I wore flip-flops and both of us were scared we'd lose our flip-flops during the ride.. so I'd suggest maybe wearing tennis shoes or putting your flip-flops in the pocket behind your seat. 4. Souvenirs - heads up: there were NO Gryffindor souvenirs to found when I went last wk, with the exception of the lanyards and the robes. However, there are plenty of keychains, pins, etc for the other houses. There are plenty of chocolate frogs and Bernie Bott's Every Flavour Beans to be found, in the actual park and in the Universal Studios store at Citywalk. But there are definitely more candies and chocolates inside Honeydukes that would make great souvenirs so definitely check those out. 5. Food - Three Broomsticks is the only dining option within the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.. and no, they don't offer soda. Only tea and butterbeer. OH and do yourselves a favor: get a cauldron cake from Honeydukes! They have it in the display case next to the whole bevy of fudge Honeydukes has to offer. IT IS DELISH! 6. Butterbeer - You can get this at the Butterbeer Station, at the Three Broomsticks, and at Hog's Head. Wherever you get it, definitely get it frozen! It's a concoction of butterscotch and cream soda. Although beware: when we got ours, we were told by one of the Butterbeer station workers that if we bought the souvenir cup, we would get free Butterbeer refills. Suffice it to say, this was a LIE. 7. Pictures - we thought taking pictures at night would be really great, but it was not. The castle wasn't well lit so I suggest taking pictures during sunset if you want pictures of the castle at "night" Hope these tips help! And enjoy your visit into the Wizarding World of Harry Potter!
Miss this place already! Hopefully LA will be able to open the HP themed park soon...2015 is too far off. Either way, I will be coming back when the current wizarding world gets its expansion! Gotta board the Hogwarts Express! :)
First off, I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan. My brother and I have read all of the books, starting from when we were young teens, and have enjoyed all of the movies (especially the last one!). We visited the Wizarding World with my parents on a family vacation last week. 1. The Forbidden Journey - the piece de resistance of the park was EXTRAORDINARY! It was the BEST ride I have EVER been on! Only wait in the line once, in order to experience the SUPER REAL "moving portraits" and holographic simulations of Dumbledore and the gang. While waiting, you get to walk through the castle and experience some of the wonder and naivete that only Harry Potter can restore to adults who have long sense lost their ability to appreciate magic. After experiencing the "wait" once, GO ON THE RIDE AS A SINGLE RIDER. Yes, you get separated from your party, but the wait is LITERALLY 10 minutes. Go on the ride and meet up with your party after to discuss the extraordinary experience. 2. The Flight of the Hippogriff - great family-friendly roller coaster with a wait of about 30 minutes. We had an awesome time, especially because my brother and I DO NOT like "big" roller coasters. This ride was converted from a previously existing one. 3. Skip the Frog Choir and glance at the "Parade" - the frog choir was never in the books, and the only cool thing about the parade was seeing the outfits for the Beauxbatons girls and Durmstrang guys. 4. DO NOT wait in the 2 hour plus line for Ollivander's Wand Shop - it's a five minute show for crying out loud where he selects a little kid who gets "picked" by the wand. Then, you get to spend $30 on what is basically a stick. Watch the Youtube video, and you get a sense of what is happening. I do not understand why they didn't make the wand shop bigger because the inside looks AMAZINGLY like the one in the movie. 5. Buy a Gryffindor scarf ONLY in the Filch's Emporium after the Forbidden Journey ride - The other Gryffindor scarves sold around the park are cheap looking, and these are REALLY nice. They go for $30, and an employee will be standing there with an armful of them, just handing them out. They have updated the emblem just for the Wizarding World and I guarantee that you will be filled with jealousy upon seeing small children proudly sporting them around the rest of Universal. You CANNOT buy the Gryffindor scarves online! They are ONLY available in Filch's Emporium - how's that for exclusivity? 6. You have to wait at least 60-75 minutes JUST TO GET IN THE PARK - you have to wait to get in starting around 9:30 (the park opens at 8:00). If you get there early, do not be tempted to wait for the Forbidden Journey, the line is already over an hour long and will remain so for the rest of the day. Otherwise, you take a ticket (like Disney's fast pass) and wait to get in the park in 2 hours. 7. The frozen Butterbeer is DELICIOUS - get one at Hog's Head and skip the lines near the big kegs outside. My final note is to Universal - MAKE IT BIGGER! People were clamoring to get in, to BUY things, and to ride the rides. I have never seen anything like it in my life. Get rid of the Lost Continent - no one goes there - and double the size of Harry Potter! Make more shops, and not just storefronts so that people can buy more Harry Potter merchandise. Have even more family-friendly rides and construct even more scenes from the movie - the Dursley's home, the chamber of secrets, the Azkaban prison, etc. If they add that, I will definitely be going back next year!
The morning I went to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter I was like a 5 year old on Christmas morning: everyone time to get up! Let's go! I could not contain my giddiness Aesthetically, The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is excellent. I felt like I was in Hogsmeade from the butterbeer (Yum! Get the frozen one!) to eating lunch at The Three Broomsticks, which was pretty decent. Hogwarts was stunning. The walk through to the ride was spectacular! And the ride itself? A+++ I went during February winter break so the park was PACKED. When we arrived early in the morning we had to get a time ticket to come back at a certain time because it was already filled to capacity. I just wish more of the storefronts were opened to walk through. it was nice for ambiance with the snow on the roof but I wanted to go through the buildings and see what could've been done! The shops were a bit overpriced ($100 for a Gryffindor robe?) I hope one day the park expands and more activities and shops are added. I can't wait to go back!
Absolutely fantastic. Lines everywhere, even for gift shops (30-40 minutes for Ollivander's or Dervish + Banges). You can easily spend 2-3 hours here (but probably not the whole day). Magically cool tips from a wannabe Hugglepuffer: 1. Entrances - There are two, recommend entering from Hogsmeade over Hogwarts (from Jurassic Park). See #2 for reason. 2. Butterbeer station: Get these right when you enter Hogsmeade. The line is much shorter than the one entering from Hogwarts. 3.Butterbeer - get these frozen, it tastes so much better against the sweltering Orlando heat + humidity 4.Gifts - Most gifts in Dervish + Banges, Honeydukes, Zonko's and Ollivander's can be purchased at the gift stations or on the gift shops on your way out of the park. And on CityWalk. And the airport. Yes, they want your money. "Gimme Gimme" 5. Unique gifts - The only items you probably can't get at outside gift shops are the wands, robes and the travel tags. 6.Use the Single Rider Option - as much as possible but ... sometimes a 20 minute wait turns out to be 60 minutes... 7. There are only 3 rides, two of which are coasters (they transformed old coasters into something Harry Potter-esque) ... I think the Hogwart's ride was the only one really worth waiting for. and most of all... SQUEAL and JUMP UP AND DOWN!!! =) You're at Hogwarts School of Magic!!! =) (Pst.. loved the "tour" of the school too.. it's basically what you get to see when you're waiting to get into Hogwart's Ride - got to see Dumbledore's chambers and Dumbledore, the student chambers, the talking pictures, the door/gate keeper... all very snazzy snazzy!)
My daughter is a huge Potter fan, including a couple of tats to that effect and I am a fan, though not tattooed.  That said, we had some pretty high expectations, and we were not disappointed.  Everything looked and felt authentic, the rides were a blast, the stores cool.  The wand show was the least favorite...like another review said they picked a rather disinterested kid instead of any one of a number of obviously hard core fans.  I can't wait til they expand it...that's my only complaint.  Its just not enough of a great thing!  Moaning Myrtle in the bathroom sealed the deal.  Well done, Universal!
Last month the most awesome wedding party ever (and then some) took fiance and me on the best combination bachelor/bachelorette party in orlando. here's my advice and breakdown of harry potter world: - STAY AT ONE OF THE UNIVERSAL RESORTS. with your room key, you get one hour early admission into the park, which allows you to beat all the harry potter crowds. a 3 hour wait turns into 15 minutes. also, your room key acts as a fast pass for almost ALL the rides in the park (essentially bringing us immediately to the front of every line). 4 people per room, 4 room keys/fast passes. also, the resorts are within walking distance of the park, as well as having free shuttle or water taxis taking you to the park etrance if you're too lazy to walk. staying at another hotel means having to rent a car and pay $15 for parking. and no fast pass. - DON'T BRING BAGS INTO THE PARK. fanny packs are ok (yes, one of my friends wore one, but it was super cute - don't judge). if you bring in any sort of purse/bag they will make you check them into lockers at each ride. and those lockers have lines. not worth it. - after early admission to the park, go straight to ollivander's wand shop. there's no wait, the show is just 5 minutes, and it's cute! don't expect to be wowed, but i wanted to experience everything there. - after ollivanders, go to the forbidden journey ride. you shouldn't go here first because YOU WANT TO WAIT IN LINE for a little bit. the line takes you through hogwarts and if you rush to the front of the line, you don't get to enjoy it all. we had a "15 minute wait" but we literally walked to the front of the ride and we didn't get as much time to enjoy all the details in the castle (talking portraits, defense against the dark arts classroom, harry, hermione, and ron disappearing under the invisibility cloak, etc). this ride may have been the best ride i have ever been on. i rode this twice, the second time getting in the "single rider" line. it was even better the second time. :) caution: people in our party got motion sickness. - you can then use your fast passes to ride "flight of the hippogriff" which is actually more fun than it looks on the outside. it's a family coaster. the line is also fun as you get to see the flying car, etc. - you can also use your fast pass on the dragon coaster. i rode it twice and THE WAIT TO SIT IN THE FRONT IS WORTH IT. try to also get your friends to go at the same time on the other coaster. very fun. - FOR BUTTER BEER, don't get it from the carts outside. if you just go into HOG'S HEAD - there's no wait and the same butter beer. i liked the frozen butter beer better, because it's sweeter. $3.75 a pop. which is better than... - pumpkin juice. for $6.25!! it tastes like pumpkin cider. VERY sweet. - i just read rosanna c's review and discovered that you can USE YOUR AAA CARD FOR 10% OFF EVERYTHING. bah. wish i'd known. :( my chocolate frog would have been $9 instead of $10. haha - the owl post is fun because they'll stamp your mail with a hogsmeade stamp. very official. bring your own stamps for postcards or letters and you can actually mail them there! - we also ate lunch at the 3 Broomsticks - prices were surprisingly affordable (about $10 for each person). I liked the fish and chips best, though several in our group shared the feast. hope this helps other harry potter fans plan their trip! it was amazing and i'm so glad i got to go! many thanks to all our friends!!
The first part of this review is from my 10 year old son's point of view: "I would say that the rides alone are great but the atmosphere really makes you feel like you are in the movies or books once you enter.  The Flight of the Hippogriff ride and the Simpson's ride are the two best rides at all of Universal.  The Forbidden Journey is good but when you are in line, the castle is amazing.  The line is long but the special effects of the castle make it more fun.  The shops in the town are just like in the books and movies.  The candy shop and the trick shop have all the stuff from the movies like pygmypuffs and the strange flavored jelly beans - some examples are snot and pepper - these are disgusting!  Some of the good ones are blueberry pie and the bacon one.  The Butter Beer is so delicious even if it is in frozen/slushy or drink form.  I seriously recommend it.  Pumpkin Juice is funny since it is in the movie but it does not taste so great to me.  Olivander's Wand Shop is not a ride but it is worth waiting in line for even if the line is really long!   "Suggestion to Universal Management, please consider taking out the Lost Continent and expand Harry Potter!  The Lost Continent is only shows and the shows aren't even that good." From an Adult's point of view: I have to agree with the review my son gave about the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  It is great and a must see while visiting the Universal properties.  My best suggestion is if you can stay in a Universal hotel, it is worth the extra money as you can gain access to the park an hour earlier than the general public and this will make a difference as the lines are really long.  Get there early and ride the rides and then enjoy the atmosphere for the rest of the day.
For the details of every single thing in this park, see the rest of my reviews.  For the theme park as a whole, this place was amazing, but still lacking in some respects. It seemed to be the smallest "Island" in the Islands of Adventure.  There was so much more they could have done sure.  It just seemed tiny.  I hope they build on it, and rumor is they should be taking over the Lost City area soon enough. But in the end it was worth it.  It was magical.  We based an entire vacation around a fifth of a theme park and loved every minute of it!  For Harry Potter nerds, this was mecca.  And don't worry about being the only adults there!  I think there were mostly nerdy adults than children!
Very  well done portion of the park , we spent about 5 hours experiencing everything. I am impressed with the detail that is seen throughout the park. I personally am not a fan of motion simulators so the main castle ride was headache producing. The wand shop and the main dining at 3 broomsticks was a real treat
Been a fan since '98, LOVE THE POTTER, wanted to love the park, but honestly THIS PARK IS A DISGRACE TO HARRY POTTER FANS. I wanted to go here as bad as most 6 year-olds dream of going to Disney World. I hoped it would be an immersive, "Disney-Style" theme park with flawless theming, architecture, rides, food and merchandise....that was my dream. First the good: THE FORBIDDEN JOURNEY IS AMAZING. The ride combines elements of a roller coaster, such as a track and drops, with robotic arm motion simulations and virtual reality. It's the most unique ride I have ever encountered and certainly the most immersive. You really forget everything around you, including the laws of physics, as you literally "fly" around realistic spherical projections and animatronics. I would gladly pay more than $30 to experience this attraction on it's own. The performers are also good, using fairly realistic anamatronic animals to perform magic. Good accents and costumes on a few of them too. A few notches better than your standard magician.... THE BAD: This was my first time at Universal Studios Islands of Adventure. The scenery and themes are not in the same league as Disney world. The Wizarding World is located off some quazi-oriental (African masks come from Asia right???) "island" in the park resembling a strip mall.  You have to walk through three different "islands" just to get there...all significantly larger than HP land...and simultaneously much crappier. It's not really much of a build up to the main event. The entrance to HP land is also mild at best. A large simple stone archway separates it from the henna tattoo place outside. You will not be walking under Cinderella's castle to get into the magic kingdom here. Almost as soon as you enter, you find yourself in the middle of hogsmead/daigon alley. I MEAN MIDDLE! it's that small. Another reviewer estimated it was about the length of a football field, which is exactly how I described it to friends. Unless you are already in an altered state you will not be "transported" to some magical wondrous place in hogsmead, instead your attentions will be directed to the horribly executed forced perspectives, string of "closed on holiday" shops, and utter lack of attractions besides a butterbeer truck in the middle of a comically sized square. THIS IS NO MAGIC KINGDOM. Seriously Universal? Most of the stores are permanently closed! Butterbeer, by the way, tastes so artificial I think McDonald's would avoid selling it for fear of bad publicity. Of the few shops which are actually open, none of them except "The Three Broomsticks" appears to have gotten any funding. The rest are tiny, cramped, and minimally decorated, much smaller than your average 7eleven, and with lower ceilings too. Honeydukes was especially a disappointment as it featured repackaged airport snack packs among its offerings of appallingly poor quality candies and bakery desserts. Furthermore, honeydukes is merged with Fred and George's joke shop...just like in the books????....which also features dollar store quality crap. I love sweets and bought several, all tasted like they could have come from a grocery store bakery or worse. NOT WHAT I WANT WITH AN $80 TICKET IN HAND. AT TIMES THE PLACE FEELS LIKE A DRESSED UP CARNIVAL. All of the employees wear robes, shimmering polyester robes...many with packaging creases proudly visible in the Florida sun. The buildings are just facades, not even up to 1955 Disney Land standards. You can actually see the concrete structure behind them in some parts of the park!!! Some of the townspeople speak with an English accent...others don't...If you want them to smile, you should go to Disney World. The quality of the merchandise resembles carnival prizes, with poor sewing and synthetic materials, minus the wands which actually feel rather substantial. Maybe the witches had trouble learning how to sew... You can buy a polyester robe and polyurethane foam witch's hat at several of HP lands cramped retailers for close to a hundred. THE CASTLE LOOKS AND FEELS TINY! Hogwarts castle is the crowning jewel of HP land,  but IT LOOKS LIKE IT WAS BUILT DURING A RECESSION. Unlike the Disney castles, Hogwarts really seems small inside and out, it feels more like a model of and less like an actual building. There is no special entrance and the meandering queue line goes through chambers which all seem half sized. I would have expected at least one large towering chamber, perhaps the dining hall...but no, most of the ceilings are low and halls cramped, much like the whole park. The ride at the end of the line is great however. After my first walk around the park, my sister and I both got real beers, got tipsy and went back to make the best of it. Had a good time, but honestly would never go back and strongly encourage die-hard potter fans to spend their money elsewhere, because this park is a disgrace to harry.
Frozen butterbeer: DELICIOUS (sort of like a butterscotch slurpee), Rides: AMAZING, Hogsmeade: SOOO COOL! I mean I know it's based off a fictional place but they Really took their time getting the details right and it shows. I went here with a bunch of girls for my sister's bachelorette party and we had a great time.
While I wasn't completely disappointed, I wasn't titillated either. Crikey, was I ever so excited about visiting this place. The first put-off was when I found out there were two separate parks, and they wisely (from a business angle) put this in the one with the lesser great attractions.  No way was I paying to go to both parks, so I had to deal with what else was in this one. Definitely wasn't pleased with that. So, we travel through SeussLand, some other section that was way to long, and finally figure out how to get Harry Potter World tucked away in the back corner of the park. What a trek. Upon entering what was supposed to be the Hogsmeade replica, I perked up a bit and looked forward to what there was to see. Then I saw it. -Hmmn, why won't this bootleg train conductor get from in front of the train? I don't want to take a picture with him! -These stores are so small for this to be a theme park. I can't stay in here, it's too much! -Are these wands made of pvc? -I don't see the candy from the movie, what gives? Is it because this store is the size of my bedroom? -When are the performances? - I have to be getting on the ride just to go through the castle? -Just give me a butter beer and let's get out of here. That's the meat and potatoes of it, muggles. I'm sure not making it there until the afternoon didn't help, but still... the stores are really ridiculously small. As you can imagine, with a theme park bustling with lots of people, it gets packed quick. Some had lines to enter. Nuts. It's a retail spot, not a ride. It was good to go, and I loved my frozen butter beer, but I was disappointed. Maybe if I went back with someone who will ride the castle ride, and much much earlier in the day, I'd have a better report to give. As for now, I'm feeling rather ambivalent.
Absolutely loved it! A frozen butterbeer is well worth it in a hot day. They got it right in so many ways...even Moaning Myrtle in the bathroom! If you're staying at a resort hotel, take advantage of the early entry and get right to the Forbidden Journey. Even if you don't go on the ride itself, the walk through the castle is worth the walk, you can duck out at the end without too much fuss. While the Dragon Challenge waiting line isn't as detailed as a walk through the castle, again, it's worth the walkthrough to see the atmosphere. Excellent all around!
I have read the books, I've seen the movies ... I was so excited to finally be there.  Honeydukes, Zonko, The 3 Broomsticks, and butter beer.  I was a big kid in Harry Potter's world.  Now, that doesn't mean I didn't see anything wrong with it.  First of all I would have wished to see some of the characters around, like maybe Hagrid coming out of his house and greeting people when they came into Hogsmeade.  Wish the wand shop would let more than one person in the group experience when a wand chooses you, and really would like to see some of those fake stores be real.  Oh, and the Wisley twins doing their magic @ Zonko.  Still, I had a great time.  The dragon ride is a must and so is the castle ride.  Absolutely loved this last one.  Flight of the Hippogriff is the one for kids but I rode it anyway, there was nothing I was leaving "undone" here. I would definitely come back, and have the same great time.  A little bit of advice, try to go when weather is nice and cool, in case you have to wait in line for a bit, and remember that during the "Halloween Horror Night" months the park closes early.  So keep this in mind and go have a magical time!
Felt like I was on the HP movie set. Excellent job with theatrical staging. The castle maze to the dueling dragons ride was very cool!
My boyfriend and I just got back from a 3 night getaway at Universal.  We stayed at the Royal Pacific on site and were given a one hour early admission to Islands Of Adventure!   We had the entire Wizarding World to ourselves!  We walked right onto and explored everything!  The butterbeer was delicious!  We ate breakfast at The Three Broomsticks and bought candy from Honeydukes!   We were there for 3 hours, it was awesome! May and Sept are the best months to visit all Orlando Theme Parks!  NO LINES.  (Sometimes the last week of April works too)
For a Potter fan like me, it was amazing. I would recommend though going during the week as it will be less crowded. There is the option to go on the rides as a single rider and I would say do it as it is quicker to get on for your second time on the rides.
DUMBLEDORE WOULD BE PROUD! State of the art theme park attraction. Incredible attention to detail and so much of the fun is finding the details throughout.  The highlights for me: -Hogsmead.  All those little shops with fantastic window that have all the fun HP items from the books in it. There's one store with a Mandrake. -Forbidden Journey ride - It's like Epcot's Soarin' ride, except it's all HP stuff. I loved the Quidditch scene. -Forbidden Journey queue -- the queueing area is just as much fun as the ride.  The Hall of Portraits, Dumbledore's office, so many cool things from the books.   -Butter Beer. It really is good. Sweet, creamy, like a liquid LifeSaver frothy Butter Rum on top of cold Cream Soda. The cons -- crowded, and i went on a day that was not even that crowded! Line for Forbidden Journey was only about 10 minutes.  But, the Hogsmead shops were packed with people, so really hard to see anything.  And prices were just a little ridiculous.  $30 for a plastic resin wand. Yikes. If you're coming to Orlando and wondering if it's worth the extra money, just bite the bullet and do it.  I'm a cheapskate, but was glad I went.
As a fan from the beginning, this was singularly one of the best themed and designed parks I've seen. In all honesty this park should be on WDW property because that is the level of quality. Everything about this park exceeds the level at Universal. It's one of the reasons the rest of the PARK itself, not the rides, was a disappointment. You can have butter beer, pumpkin juice, and buy a freaking wand. This place was wonderful.
Very disappointed with our experience. Big let down from a park design and management perspective. We got up at the crack of dawn. Stood in line for the Forbidden Journey only to be told one and a half hours later that the ride was broken. We drowned our sorrow in butter beer which is very good. The place was crowded but not too bad. We got a slip of paper to allow us back into the ride. By the time we came back crowds were ridiculous and we could barely move in the area. We were able to get on to the ride which was wonderful.  But went by too fast. We tried to walk around but there were 2 hour lines to get into the small stores.  We thought we would come back later and park staff told us that crowds would thin down at 6 pm. When we came back they had shut down the Wizarding World to new visitors for the rest of the evening. So note to other visitors. Do everything you want to do in the Wizarding World since you are unlikely to get a second chance during the busy times.  Spaces are very tight with very poor flow of traffic. It is not built to handle the volume of people especially if there are any glitches in the operations. The Forbidden Journey is very cool - worth doing twice if you can. Don't miss Lockhart in the bookstore facade near Olivandars.  Olivandars was a huge disappointment given the 1 hour wait to get in. Cauldron cakes are worth getting.  The chocolate cauldron is not worth getting as it is hollow inside. Another hint to offer - there is a viewing areas where you can see the Dragon challenge up close and enjoy it vicariously.  That area is very nicely decorated with Quidditch flags.  There is a little Hagrid's Hut there, and the Ford Anglia.  We did not see this area the first time round.
I was very impressed.  It was just like the book and movie!  The butter beer was delicious too!
"OH MY EFFING GOD, IT'S HOGWARTS!!!"  Those were my exact words, repeated often while waiting in line just to enter the HP section of Universal Studios.  As you advance in the queue, Hogwarts looms above you, it's dark gothic towers quite striking against the bright blue Florida sky.  As my boyfriend can attest, I was positively bouncing up and down like a lunatic by the time we finally entered the park. As you can guess, I'm a major HP fan and I'm happy to say that this park didn't disappoint.  Of course, there a few things that could be improved upon--more on that later, but it was a great experience and well-worth the wait.   We came in August 2010, which was just a month or so after the park opened, so we were expecting some pretty big crowds.  We got to Univerdal shortly after opening, but it took a good 30 minutes for us to walk across Islands of Adventure to get to the HP section, and then another 20 minutes of so of waiting in line just to get inside the park itself.  It wasn't such a bad wait, as we watched Hogwarts get tantalizingly closer and closer.  Once we passed through the wrought iron gates to Hogsmeade (just like the movie!!)  We ran straight for the line to the Forbidden Journey.  Although we had purchased the Express Pass, it wasn't accepted for the Forbidden Journey, so we hopped in the main line (75 minute estimated wait--really not that bad). I had to check my bag and camera as soon as we entered "Hogwarts," and the line went back outside and wound around the greenhouses.  This is the most boring part as there isn't much to see.  It was really hot and muggy day, but they did have a lot of fans and water sprayers to cool down the crowds.  After 45 minutes or so, we made it into the castle itself (air-conditioned, thank god!) and the line continued through Hogwarts: Dumbledore's Office, Mirror of Erised, potions dungeon.  They also had little video projections of Harry, Ron, and Hermione that narrate along the way.  By this time, the line was moving really fast, and I regret not taking enough time to look at everything, but I was so excited to get on the ride. The ride itself consists of 4 hanging seats that launch together, but move independently as the ride progresses.  Lots of lurching, zooming, flipping, and turning as Harry guides you through Hogwarts, the Quidditch pitch, Forbidden Forest (according to my bf, I was screaming my head off at the spiders!)  It was absolutely thrilling and worth the wait, even if it was too short.  It's definitely the best ride at Universal, and the best ride I've ever been on. The other 2 rides are coasters that were already at the park and just re-designed with an HP theme.  I do wish they could have added more attractions.  The Dueling Dragons one is fun and fast, but the  Flight of the Hippogriff is just a kiddie coaster.   We stayed away from the butterbeer because we heard it was gross, and didn't feel like spending $8 for it.  We were hungry, but it was a 2 hour wait just to get inside the Three Broomsticks.  There was also a line to get inside a lot of the other shops as well.  The only shops we were able to get inside were Honeydukes and Zonko's.  I was annoyed that there was a line for what are essentially gift shops, but hey--that's what you get when you visit a new park just after opening.  If you want HP memorabilia, they do sell it at all the other gift shops around Universal/IoA.       My biggest criticism is that besides the Three Broomsticks, there were no food options--not even an ice cream or hot dog vendor.  Had there been other food options, we would have been able to enjoy it more, rather than leave the park to find something to eat that didn't involve a 2 hour wait. If you're a fan of the series, you really won't be disappointed.  It's just so fun and exciting to see places and props from the books and movies right in front of you--even if they're made of plastic and adorned with fake snow.  I can't wait to go back when it's (hopefully) less crowded.
BEST PARK EVER. I am a close Harry Potter fan. I have all the books, all the video games, all the dolls, memorabilia and much more to add to my collection! My house is literally full of Potter-esk stuff. Any who, I just want to say when I walked into Diagon Ally I began to cry. Literally I kissed the ground and wished I would never go back to the muggle world. After my dilemma I quickly got up because some people were asking if I was okay, and I said, "I'm just so touched by the magic...." I walked off and the first place I was going to was to Olivanders to get my wand. Boy were they expensive, but hell it is worth it when the wand that chooses you is an actual replica of the one in the movie. After getting my wand, I went into Hogwarts and got sorted. I got sorted into Gryffindor which was the house I was BORN into. The sorting hat is always right. You can score Gryffindor. ANYWAY. After being sorted and gone through the whole castle (which was awesome) I headed to HoneyDukes and bought a chocolate frog, along with Bertie Bots E.F.B. As I stuffed my face with the juicy non-muggle candy, I headed over to get my first pint of Butter Beer (which was like cream soda, with a dash of fabulous). After sipping my glorious knock off expensive cream soda, I headed over to Zonko's to check it out. Zonko's (if you are that stupid) is a joke shop run by Fred (now dead) and George (not dead) where you can buy all kinds of cool gadgets of the sort. I got a golden snitch, and also a Hearing Ear (which is basically like putting two cans together with a string but with ears) to hear from afar. But then, I realized I needed to go get my Wizard Attire at Madame Malkins. I rushed over there, almost running over a toddler and got all my Gryffindor memorabilia from cups, to shirts, scarves to pins, and of course KEYCHAINS. I am a HUGE collector of Harry Potter Keychains and have all of them in all the houses since going to this shop. I had to go at least 10 times to get everything I needed to fufill my collection at Madame Malkins (especially the quidditch attire). Man oh MAN. This place is the BOMB. The only part that isn't so great though is the perverts that roam around. SO BE CAREFUL KIDS. Keep your children close to you at all times, and don't let them run off alone and you wont have to file a missing child form. ANYWAY I LOVE THIS PLACE. I also got a chance to go on the rides (which were fun) and I heard there making a Escape From Gringots ride this summer. I'll be back again.
I selected this park purely on the attraction of Harry Potter. My favourite part of this attraction has to is the mock store fronts. It really feels, excluding the tourists, like I am in potterworld! Scattered about the make-shift town there is speakers that also transport you further into this world. Restrooms even have the speakers magnifying sounds and hinting of characters. Fancy tasting butterbeer and pumpkin juice... no problem! you can buy it here! I also loved, Hogs Head pub offerring ale and eats decorated as you might imagined in the films. Some of the shops you can enter, at a price, crowed price! There is clerks limiting vistors into the tiny shops. Candy shop, wand shop offer unqiue experiences that also adds to your fun. I would have liked to have more wizzard fun but what they offer is pretty amazing!
If I could rate it a Billion stars - I would!!!!  Loved it!
Beyond awesome. Loved this place and the attention to detail. The group that I came here with were all wearing scarves with our house colors (we sorted ourselves before coming here) and the staff members all stayed in character with whichever house they were dressed for while interacting with us. You could tell they loved their jobs. The buildings facades were so cute but I wish more of them could be entered, even if it was just roped off displays inside (only complaint). Really liked the Dragon Challenge and Forbidden Journey rides. The Flight of the Hippogriff was cute, too.
Overcrowded, small, and expensive. The castle ride was great but that was it. Also, the butter beer drink is nasty.
*Harry Potter & the Forbidden Journey: Though the line was long for the ride (thank goodness not 6 hours long like when it first opened), the ride was worth it, one of my favorite theme park rides ever.  You walk through the garden, classrooms, corridors of Hogwarts...there was enough decorations to keep you entertained while waiting. No photography during the ride but I was able to snap 2 cool ones LOL: 1 of the dragon & the spider web....yippeee! *Flight of the Hippogriff: what a waste of time. Waited 15 minutes in line for a super super short ride -___-. This is more like a "roller coaster" for kids I guess. You get to see Hagrids hut & nest of Hippogriff though, pretty cool. *Hogsmeade: pretty legit though I wish more stores were real stores, and not just set up for decorations.  Didn't buy anything from the stores b/c it was overpriced x 10 but it's understandable, it's a theme park, and it's Harry Potter. *BUTTERBEER was addicting! Yes I know it's pretty much like butterscotch but it was like crack.  It was a hot summer day, the cold butterbeer hit all the right spots. I ordered one to share with my boyfriend. It was so good we came back and ordered 2 more, no sharing this time LOL. Missed the singing with the frogs show but caught the other show. I enjoyed the guys choreography with the sticks more than the girls with the ribbons, though it was pretty entertaining, they stay in character very well :) Warning: better get here early b/c it gets crowded!!
I absolutely love Harry Potter! and this park did make it seem that you were living the world that J.K. Rowling created but I wish it was bigger. I don't like roller coasters and I, therefore, hate Islands of Adventures, but I would go again for this one section. I went the day before Christmas Eve and it was insane how many people were there. Do NOT go near any holiday season and try to go during the week. The lines to go into Ollivander's alone was an hour long, the same wait time as the Forbidden Forest ride. Insane! Here are some things you can't miss/tips: 1. Forbidden Forest Ride- I went twice and I would have gone again. If you get motion sickness, I would stay clear and while you should bring your camera to take pictures of various items as you walk through the castle, make sure you have a strong grip on it.        TIP: If you have a bag, they do provide free lockers but if you will like to save time and do not mind paying a few extra bucks, go put your bag in the lockers by the Three Broomsticks. They make two lines, one for people with bags and the other without and the one without DEF get in faster.       Tip: Bring your camera. WEll worth it! 2. The Frog choir/ other magical school performances: It's near the Ollivander's shop and it happens every 45 minutes 3. Three Broomsticks- great environment inside though the food isn't fantastic. For you vegetarians, they just have sides. The frozen butterbeer makes up for it and you can get a souvenir cup. 4. The bathrooms by the Three Broomsticks- In the girls bathroom, you can her Moaning Myrtle. It's a cool addition. 5. Ollivander's Wand Shop is a definite hit. The line is long but the small show in the beginning is pretty cool. Hopefully you get picked, only one person does. After the show, you go to a different room where wands are organized by character and by the tree that the wand comes from. The tree/wood depends on your birthday and the workers help you determine which wand is for you. 6. If you don't go to the Flight of the Hippogriff ride (I didn't), there's a backway near Ollivander's that takes you to Hagrid's hut and the car that Harry and Ron took to Hogwarts. Cool picture spot. 7. Like all others, the train station, joke shop, the candy store, pretty much everything.. I didn't give it 5 stars only because I know once they expand, it would be even greater. Enjoy!!!
OH MY GOSH! I am in love. Look, there's the Hogwarts Express! Oh, and Honeydukes and Zonko's! And over there, the Three Broomsticks and Hog's Head! Oh my gosh! There's HOGWARTS! The women's bathroom had Moaning Myrtle. How authentic! Even the screeching mandrakes were awesome. I loved geeking out in Hogsmeade and Hogwarts. The shops were awesome - despite the lines to get in. The atmosphere was festive. The rides were awesome. The only thing that would have made it better is if Daniel Radcliffe was there, escorting me around. *mini swoon* The lines are long, but they are tolerable. I felt a little rushed through the Forbidden Journey ride - take the time to step aside and listen to Dumbledore in his office and Ron, Hermione and Harry in the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom. I wish there was more of the castle to see, but that's just me being greedy. Seriously, this is worth the $80-some. But, I'd advise against going after Thanksgiving. Or any holiday. And, I might give it a year for the crowds to settle a bit. Also - the website rocks!
Kids ride bus for 20 hours and lines are so long they can't get in. Shame on Universal for advertising something that is so poorly managed that ticket holders can't experience it.
AMAZING PLACE!  I haven't even read any of the books, but I still had a blast. The forbidden journey is a great ride.  It's like a harry potter museum even before the ride begins.  Then it's a mix of a roller coaster and imax movie. Don't forget to grab breakfast or lunch at the 3 Broomsticks, a cup of butter beer, and every flavor jelly beans at honeydukes! Quick Tip:  We came during forecasts of thunderstorms.  It didn't actually rain and the park was basically empty.  0-5 minute wait times are nothing short of amazing.
I only came to Islands of Adventure for one thing, WWOHP. I thought to myself, the 90 bucks per person better be worth it.  Now I'm not a big fan of the books, so you'll have to get the opinion of the millions of HP geeks out there as far as the "authenticity" of the park. First off, WWOHP is tucked off in the farthest corner of the park, between Jurassic Park and Sindbad's bazaar. It's about a 10 minute hike from the park entrance just to get there, on top of the 10 minute hike from the parking lot to the ticket counter and the 20 minute wait in line to buy tickets. As you walk in, you are transported from an ancient Arab market into the British town of Hogsmeade. Immediately, Hogwart's comes into view on top of a hill. The train station is off to the right, with an actor dressed as the train conductor. As you walk down the street, you encounter a cart selling BUTTER BEER, a butterscotch flavored slurpee with a sweet creamy topping. Is it expensive? Yes. Over $20 for two souvenir cups. Worth it? Oh yes, definitely, at least to try it once. The street is lined with shops selling souvenirs just like in the movies and apparently the books. The candy store sells chocolate frogs, which are cheap milk chocolate. Ollivander's sells magic wands, but apparently there's a gimmick, because they actually have a line waiting to get in. I asked the man at the door why and he said snobbily, "This is Ollivander's. The wand chooses you" as if I should have known better. Instead it just made me want to punch him in the face. "This is my magic fist, and it chooses your nose, jerk!" Anyhoo, we really only wanted to go to Hogwart's and do the ride. First off, they don't let you bring any bags on the ride, so use the lockers by the railroad station instead of the ones in Hogwart's. It will save you from the melee of people trying to figure out how the damn things work and the hassle of waiting in the extra line. When we arrived, the sign said 60 minutes, and we were prepared for the classic Orlando shuffle, the deceptively short appearing, but tediously long line, and on this day, the deadly 95 degree temps. The line was constantly moving, so no big deal. Unfortunately for us, the ride broke down about half an hour into our wait and took about 45 minutes to get back going. After we finally entered the castle, we were treated to magical spectacles like talking paintings, a greeting by Harry and the gang, a visit to Dumbledore's office, and finally the ride. I won't spoil it by telling you everything, but it is a motion movie ride combined with live scenery. My biggest criticism is that it seemed like it was done on the cheap. Not a lot of  blow you away special effects, and even kind of cheesy. Still, the ride was exciting and fun, and if we didn't have the unexpected delay, it would have been worth the wait. I also wish there was more inside the castle to explore, and more entertaining things to see while in the line. Overall, on the surface, the park is esthetically 4 stars, the butterbeer is 4 stars, but the lack of immersive detail and content brings the total to 3 stars.
There were lots of detail to setup this area in Islands of Adventures.  The attention to detail was great!  However, birds eye view, only 3 rides?  For a series of 7 books and handful of blockbuster movies, I'd thought Harry Potter world should be its own theme park addition to Universal.   I didn't enjoy the long wait to get into the virtual reality Forbidden ride that toured Hogwarts.  I enjoyed the dragon ride with my feet dangling and the regular coaster ride.  Though the town was nice and the park was full of people, I did not get to visit any of the Potter shops because of horrible crowd control.  We will need Toyota optimization methods to create better flow through this park.   Butter beer is a must, at least twice.  I had the non frozen one.  Butter beer was extremely sweet due to the sugary foam on top.   Overall I expected more for a franchise like Harry Potter.
I wanted to love this place more than anything.  It was a sea of people, half hour lines for the bathroom, 45 minute lines for the shops, 2 and a half hour lines for the rides, the park was filled to capacity so we had to come back 4 and a half hours later just to get in (we went to a movie), there were people sitting on the floor when we got inside, you couldn't walk anywhere without getting stepped on or shoved or stepping on someone yourself.  People, people, people.  I love Harry Potter.  Love it, it's a fantastic idea to have this park  We flew across the country to come here.  I've heard rumors of an expansion.  I would suggest people wait for the expansion before they come.
This place is pretty much a Harry Potter nerd's orgasm in village form. Seriously, I was in nerd HEAVEN. I enjoyed everything from the Butterbeer to the Wand shop. The dude at Ollivander's picked out a Death Eater wand for me -__-' SInce they're never wrong, that's the wand I came home with (Thanks Paul H.!) I loved how the rooftops were lined with snow, it made the entire scenery more magical. I was in love with everything. If you are a fan of HP, you will enjoy this place immensely. :)
We went to Disney World and Universal on our Florida vacation and my absolute favorite ride was The Forbidden Journey.  Our experience at Harry Potter World was made even better when someone in our party got chosen to try out wands with Ollivander!  The butterbeer is DELICOUS and we love the Every Flavor Beans!  The Forbidden Journey ride was the best part of Harry Potter World.  The 40 minutes wait was definitely worth it.  The spiders and dementors on the ride are terrifyingly real looking.  I almost peed my pants when one came up to my face!  Harry Potter World is AMAZING!
Being a casual fan of the whole Harry Potter thing, I was nonetheless very impressed with the no-expenses spared approach to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. One can easily tell just what kind of a hands-on approach J.K. Rowling had with the presentation of Hogwarts Castle and Hogsmead. The highlight is Hogwarts Castle, where you can embark on The Forbidden Journey, a ride inside the castle where you encounter Harry and his co-horts as they battle that weasel Draco Malfoy on the Quiddich pitch. If you're not keen on bumpy, high-speed rides, you can just walk through the castle, an exact replica of what you've read and seen. Talking portraits, Dumbledore's office (Michael Gambon appears, as a hologram, of course), and the Defense of the Dark Arts classroom (where Harry, Ron, and Hermione will greet you) are all there for you to see. The kids may enjoy a coaster ride on a Hippogriff; my daughter squeed, but she was also pretty scared, so exhibit some discretion with the kiddies if they get scared easily. Hogsmead is complete with all the shops you'd recognize; Honeyduke's sweet shop, Zondo's jokes and pranks, and Ollivander's wand shop. Be warned: Ollivander's has the longest waits, because "the wand chooses the wizard." A lucky little wizard may get the chance to have the right wand chosen, just like Harry did; if so, that lucky kid gets all decked out like a wizard, complete with the robe and a wand. If you still want a wand, and other paraphernalia (a Gryffindor scarf seemed to be the most popular souvenir), duck into Dervish & Banges for some swag.   Lunch can be enjoyed at The Three Broomsticks; traditional British pub fare like fish & chips or Shepherd's pie is available, along with a very tasty rotisserie smoked chicken, served with roasted potatoes and corn on the cob. Very yummy! I also enjoyed a pint of Hog's Head Ale, which tastes a lot like Samuel Smith's. Also, make some room for a glass of butterbeer, a non-alcoholic blend of cola and butterscotch that's quite refreshing. Of course, there's the Hogwarts Express, on Track 9 3/4, obviously. Die-hards, casual fans, and the uninitiated will enjoy the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. And J.K. Rowling is no doubt shouting, "CHA-CHING!!'" Highly recommended.
harry potter! harry potter uh!  harry potter! harry potter yea!
If I could rate 1 Million stars, I would. It is as if you have stepped out of reality and into the wizarding world. Absolutely the best experience ever for Harry Potter fans. The Forbidden Journey is a must-ride-at-least-3-times kind of ride. Once or twice walking through the castle, because that is an experience in and of itself, and definitely take advantage of the single riders line. You get to bypass everyone and their mom while waiting no longer than 20 minutes. There is a camera on this ride too, and you can see your picture on the ghostly figures in the middle of the journey. The Butter beer is a triple must. Drink. I love how the music is playing throughout the park. Also, the people working here are so into their characters, it is almost laughable. But everyone loves it. In reality, I feel like this should be its own park. There are so many rides and attractions that could be created if it was larger.
My mom, sister and I went to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter last week.  We were very disappointed.  The scenery was AMAZING and I loved the music playing everywhere, but everything else was lacking.  The shops were WAY TOO small.  I realize they were trying to be true to the books, but they should've thought more about the paying customers.  I was stepped on, ran into, grabbed, etc in all the shops.  A pick-pocketers/pedophile paradise.  Merchandise was way overpriced.  A chocolate frog for $15, really?  Marauders Map for $50?! Some of the staff were very rude.  I don't know if that was supposed to be on purpose. I was saddened to realize everyone couldn't get paired with a wand.  There was a very long line outside Ollivanders and I asked the attendant what the deal was.  They lead 25-30 people into a room and they watch a wand pairing.  Two people from the audience are randomly selected (usually a girl and boy) to get paired.  I asked if there was a way to guarantee getting picked for a pairing (some money maybe?) and was told no.  I realize it would be impossible to pair everyone with a wand in the traditional way, but maybe some kiosks or something where you input some info, answer some questions, and get a printout with your paired wand you can pick up in the store.  On the same note, I wish there were some kind of house sorting activity.  Again some kind of kiosk or something.   We ate lunch at the Three Broomsticks since it's the only place to eat.  Overpriced but the fish was very good.  Speaking of being authentic to the books, wasn't the Three Broomsticks very small?  Thankfully this was the one venue they made much larger.  I enjoyed the butter beer, but it was really just cream soda with a head.  Nothing spectacular or original like I had hoped.  Soda style was $3.50, frozen was $4.50.  If you wanted a gift mug, they cost an additional $7. The only ride that goes through Hogwarts is the Forbidden Journey.  While you wait in line you go through some classrooms and stuff but we were rushed though so quickly, there wasn't hardly any time to look around.  The moving paintings were awesome but where were the ghosts (no Nearly Headless Nick?) and moving staircases?  Both easy to do with special effects.  Also no great hall with magic ceiling or appearing food.  The ride itself was lack luster.  I was shocked to discover there wasn't anymore of Hogwarts to just walk around in.  All there was what you saw while waiting in line.  I felt really bad for the people that waited in line solely to see Hogwarts and not ride the ride.  The other two rides were fun but wished they had something more interactive.  An easy ride where you get a wand in the car and you can cast spells and get points or something and ultimately in end get to defeat You Know Who (maybe something like at MagiQuest).  I wish there was a boat ride that toured around Hogwarts, like how the students arrive.  We purchased the express pass which was a waste of money since you can't use it on every ride and we later discovered you can only use it once per ride. There were two shows to watch, something with the other schools from the TriWizard Tournament and one with singing frogs.  No times are posted or seating available for either show, we must've kept missing them because we didn't see either of them. There should be more people in character walking around. I wanted to see wizards milling around in the crowd and you could go up and talk to them for a bit, enhancing your visit.  The only people in costume were the associates in the shops who certainly didn't have time or the desire to talk to you. I hope they expand the whole area.  More stores, more rides, more stuff to do.  I think they really missed the mark on this one.  So much was missing that was integral in the books.  On a side note, we stopped at a shop outside Harry Potter (where they pretty much sell everything available at Universal) and discovered certain items were less in price (chocolate frogs were $10).  Not everything was less, but quite a few things were $5 cheaper.
Hogwarts is off the hook!  Great attention to detail, beautiful and realistic decor, lighting design, and layers of interest to this fantastical world. You need to be forewarned that Hogwarts is a smallish area of the park, and that almost all the crowds amass in this very small area, making it insanely busy, crowded, and difficult to navigate for families.  In fact, most days it probably feels like someone took most of the guests at this park, shook them, and tipped them all into this one little corner of Islands of Adventure.   I can't in good conscience give it a 5, because if we had to do it again, we'd probably have saved the money, stuck with multiple days in Disney, and not spent hundreds on one day at this tiny, panic-attack inducing mini-Hogsmeade. But since we did go and enjoyed getting our Harry Potter geek on, I'll give you the highlights from a family-friendly perspective:   -The Forbidden Journey (Incredible 3-D simulation ride.  Equally incredible 2 hour waits are standard. The ride is pretty darned scary for kids, but if you've seen any of the movies, you knew that.) -Flight of the Hippogriff (A Rollercoaster junior.  Its jerky at the end, but fun.) -shopping for candy in Honeydukes (Chocolate frogs, fudge flies, treats!) -wand selection demonstration at Olivanders Wand Shop (don't miss this!) -getting a postcard stamped at the Owl Post -a drink or nibble at Hog's Tavern & Three Broomsticks  (Okay, not great food, but great ambiance.  You feel like you are in a hundreds year old timbered house. Lots of little details, moving shadows, etc.) -the ladies bathroom (listen closely and you'll  find out why...) The Dragon's Nest Coaster is not family-friendly unless you have a coaster friendly and fearless older youngster who is tall enough to meet the height requirements and can deal with a very, very fast ride. GIven what a major draw this section of the park is, and what a dud most other family-focused rides in the larger Islands of Adventure Park turned out to be (with the exception of Spiderman and a few water rides) I am surprised that the Wizarding World of Harry Potter is not a much larger section of the park, let alone the whole park.  Everyone in the park is basically here, which negatively impacts everyone's experience of the Wizarding World.  The Harry Potter theme is such a great opportunity  --there should be far more here to see and do, particularly for families.  Not much here at the moment  --could be so much more!  What they do have to offer is quite well done, if you and your family are able to just buck up to the elbows, crowds and waiting.
it is the coolest place i v ever been! omg i will never forget it and will visit again!
WOW! I'm a huge Potter Fan and I went for a spur of the moment quick getaway to check this place out for myself.... I LOVED IT!!!! I skipped everything in Unversal Studios and went straight to Potterland. Everything was so surreal! The scenery, the village, the rides were memorable. I couldnt get over how everything looked! I really hope Universal in LA can top this! Few suggestions: -Eat at the Three Broomsticks -Drink Butter Beer (it's soooooooo good) -Buy a wand
LOVED this theme park! I'm not a HUGE Harry Potter fan (think it's  kind of dorky), but I did watch the movies prior to coming so I can truly "experience" everything. I was really impressed with how they brought Hogsmead to life. It's all in the details and they did a fantastic job! My sis-in-law is a big fan and she loved how realistic and true to the book the theme park was. Islands of Adventure was empty other than the Harry Potter section. It was a drag waiting in line in the sun, but it was worth it! The butterbeer was sooo good and the cauldron cakes at Honeydukes were absolutely delightful. Hogswart Castle was incredible to see and the ride was really fun! It's not a roller coaster, but it does spin you around as if you're flying on a broomstick. I got a little nauseous, but it was bearable. The locker system there was so cool. They use your fingerprint as a "key". I'm actually sad that I will probably never be back since I live so far away.
While all of Islands of Adventure is incredible, walking into this area of the park makes your jaw drop in awe. The buildings and ambiance (minus all of the "muggles") make you feel as if you are a part of the stories.  The look of the buildings was spot on, as if they filmed the movies there. Hogsmeade was unbelievable to see - also the place where you should line up to get your butter beer since it has the shortest wait. Very tasty stuff. You can also get it at The Three Broomsticks while you eat. Ollivander's wand demonstration is a must see (as I was told but we missed it). Ollivander himself leads it and technically "recreates" the scene where Harry picks the right wand for the first time (only it's with a member of the audience, usually a kid, and they get a free wand). It is a LONG wait since they only let in 30-40 people at a time (unless you catch it when there are only like 10 people in line as we should have done). This is something you want to do first thing in the morning.  The characters that walk around put on great performances from parts in the books, and the wait for the Forbidden Journey ride to "play" quiddich with Harry is well worth the wait as you get to walk through all of Hogwarts. Everything in and outside the castle while in line is so fun to see and the talking paintings were very entertaining. The downside of this part of the park was that it wasn't very big for the amount of people that are in it (it so sooo crowded). It's worse as the day goes on.The shops aren't very big either. Good tip: Get to Islands of Adventure when it first opens and make sure that you go straight here.
the Wizarding World of Harry Potter!  it's amazing.  it's perfect.  it feels like you're in Hogsmead and Hogwarts.  people are dressed up like wizards and you can have a mug of butterbeer (frozen is the best) and pumpkin juice (it comes in bottles so you can bring it home).  bring lots of money and somebody to help you carry your goodies with you.  i got 2 wands, a bunch of postcards, a few wax seals, owl post stationary, a sweatshirt, a cap, a t-shirt, magnets and keychains, chocolate frogs, a time-turner, a pink pygmy puff, and a Hogwarts ornament.  the rides are fun, and it's worth standing in line for the Hogwarts' ride.  while you're in line, you walk through Hogwarts and are entertained by the details and the props they used to make it feel and look like the school.  the ride is a combo of digital and practical effects.  i rode it twice.   ah, one tip.  the line was very short at the end of the night, so go late if you don't want to wait in the hot sun.  bring your camera, you're gonna wanna take lots of pictures.  and make sure you take a minute to visit the mandrake in the window outside by the toilets (where Myrtle is hanging out).  i loved it and i hope to visit again soon!
I have to say..it was amazing!  I went to IOA yesterday (Sunday 6/27) and walked right into the WWHP. Unlike the first few days, there wasn't much of a crowd so we didn't have to wait outside the entrance to the area. Walking through Hogsmeade was an experience in itself from the Hogwart's Express that greets you through the last shop before the crossroad sign.  I didn't think that my little "slanty eyes" could have been big enough to take it all in.  :) There was snow on the rooftops and store fronts with fun window displays.   Too bad not all of them are real shops but it was very cool to see some of the merchandise being sold in the stores and on the street.  I like the drink carts all over the place with the big butterbeer keg in the center. I thought that everything was themed really well. I was a little sad there wasn't space for Gringotts and not sure if I missed it but Borgin and Burkes doesn't seem to be on the street either.   For the shops that are there though, Zonko's, HoneyDukes, and Ollivander's the interiors are so cool to look at but there was not enough space to move around to shop. Needless to say, I had no problem walking out without taking out my wallet. The Butterbeer was AMAZING. Like LIQUID BUTTERSCOTCH. I think I could drink that all day....aside from the sweet, sugaryness.... but it's so good I couldn't put it down.  =)  I did splurge to buy the souveneir mug and I got 15% off using my annual passholder discount.  By the way, if the line outside is very long, check inside of the Hog's Head cause I waited only 2 minutes! The ride inside of Hogwarts...AWESOME!  Is it bad that I can't think of the name of it off the top of my head?  But it was so great. I had such a fun time walking through the queue and taking pictures of everything.  Yes, you have to leave your things in the locker, free only for 1 hour, but i took my camera and there was a little pocket built into the back of the seat that you can put small items in such as your camera or your wallet/cell phone.  Good to know. The reason I couldn't give the park 5 stars was a couple of things; the queue outside of Ollivander's is directly in the sun with no covering or even fans.  The same goes for waiting in the queue for the Hogwart's ride. I understand the need for a drink cart in the queue line now.   I cannot wait to get the chance to visit the park again...and again...and again.
I loved this place.Got there as soon as the park opened so we could explore before too many people got here. The line for the Forbbine Journey ride takes you right into the castle, which was so cool. The ride itself I didn't care for, but it is only because I tend to get motion sickness.  I was so bummed that I had to keep my eyes closed the whole time on this ride so I wouldn't get sick. The Dragon Challenge coaster was great. If you are planning to go to Olivander's, get in line early. I kept thinking that the line would get shorter as the day went on, but it never did. You should deffinately try the butterbeer. We tried both the chilled and the frozen, and they both taste differently. I prefered the chilled because it tasted sweeter. Word of warning on the chilled butterbeer, don't use a straw. Me and my husband used straws to drink it because I had a cold and didn't want him to get it. However, as soon as you stir the butterbeer, it starts to bubble and overflow. One of the workers saw what had happened and was nice enough to get us another butterbeer for us to try.
31 year old Potterhead here. Read all 7 books and of course watched the movies so could not miss an opportunity to go to Harry Potter World since we were in Orlando on the way back from our honeymoon. Note: Harry Potter World is located in Universal Florida's Island of Adventure. Admission is steep at $79+tax per person! The park was pretty much empty until we got to Harry Potter World. That's where everyone was hiding! At the entrance of Harry Potter World is Hogwarts Express with steam coming out of its engine. You really do feel like you entered another world.  Snow capped rooftops and Hogswarts Castle looming in the background. There's just a sense of excitement that you entered Hogsmead. First stop was the joke and candy shop followed by Butterbeer! Delicious! Get the frozen one! Then we actually waited in line to go into the wand shop where it's an adventure in and of itself because you actually get to see someone select a wand. It took about 30 minutes before we got into the wand shop (side entrance). You can also enter the wand shop without the wand selection, but it's really cute and worth the wait. The Forbidden Journey Ride is great (although I'm a scaredy cat and had to close my eyes in some scenes-it's a simulator ride). Walking through the line there is a ton of book and movie references so fun to walk through for sure. All in all, was it worth the $86/person we paid for? I guess it depends on how much you want to see your book/movie come to life!
I'm not a huge Harry Potter fan, I've read one booked and watched zero movies. Guess the look on my face when it was decided that we would come here on a trip to Florida. I basically had no idea what to expect, but looking back, it was very well done as a theme park. Everything in the section is fit to theme, and from what I hear straight out of the series. They found a bunch of brits with bad teeth to be workers, they even sell butter beer and you can have a meal at the three broomsticks. Like from the movies? I really loved it. We stayed at a resort hotel and got the fast pass, which is in the form of the door key. It gives instant first in lines throughout park, which was extremely useful. The only ride it does not work on is the new HP ride, therefore get to the park early, and make sure that's your first destination
It was like a dream come true when I stepped into The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. This is the best of the parks within Island of Adventures. The scenery will take your breath away. The Wizarding World has three rides and numerous shops. I had high hopes for the shops, but they seemed to have the same merchandise. Tip: The shelves in Zonko's contain all the same extendable ears, trick brushes, and a few other things. Basically you don't need to walk around the whole store because it will likely be the same stuff. My favorite part of the trip was my trip to The Three Broomsticks. Their food is surprisingly good, so good I went twice, lunch and dinner! Their cornish pasties and chicken were amazing. I also enjoyed their butterbeer and pumpkin juice. Both were very sweet, but enjoyable nonetheless. 21 plusers should try the specialty brew they have at the Hog's Head. I think it was a Scottish Ale. This place will be an amazing experience for Harry Potter fans. I just wish the park would have made the shops more diverse.
HARRY POTTER, HARRY HARRY POTTER. (ron, ron, ron WEAsley). Let's just say I still sing the harry potter puppet pals song on a daily basis. Now onto this Wizarding World they call Harry Potter Land.  This place is the talk of Universal studios and as many others have  mentioned, it seems to be where everyone hides out!  A few muggles and myself arrived around the early side (around 10ish) and woah people, people, people were everywhere!  If you plan on coming to HP land, come early, and do this first at universal! Let's talk Butterbeer.  Seriously this stuff is absolutely delicious, as it tastes of a butterscotch flavor.  Bring your sweet tooth, because you will need it.  This exhibit is done to perfection, as I really felt as I was transported into the movies & books.  The main attraction ride (Forbidden Journey)  is a MUST!  This ride is incredible, seriously one of the coolest rides I have every been on.  First, you feel as if you're flying with Harry, get surprised by some giant spiders & dementors, and the excitement continues.  The queue is part of the attraction of this ride, as it takes you through Hogwarts! If I could perform a spell at this minute, I would transport myself back to HP Land in an instant!  Or I may sneak on a plane with an invisibility cloak.  Either way, I will be back.
If you love Harry Potter, this is the place to visit!  Its a small part of Islands of Adventure and you have to walk all the way to the back of the theme park.  I recommend arriving early because the lines get long.  You can also get a express line pass for $20.  I recommend trying all of the rides if this is your first time.  We were a bit disappointed by the Ollivander Wand place since we had to stand in scorching heat just to view a 5 minute exhibit of one person selecting a wand. It was cool but I definitely won't come back just for that next time. All the rides are cool especially the one at Hogwarts Castle.  Great simulation of the events going on in the books.  The Butter Beer was sweet but good.  The pumpkin juice was meh.  Everyone here were so nice! You must dine at Broomstick!  Prices were actually pretty good for an amusement park.  I liked the Fish'n Chips and the Turkey Drumstick! 10% off with AAA discount.  Bring your card.  You can use it many places!
One thing to cross off my bucket list =) If you're a Harry Potter fan, this is a must!!! One of the best experiences of my life ! =D
I delayed writing a review about the Wizarding World of Harry Potter for a while - even though it was one of my favorite memories in Orlando only because I simply cannot put in words how impressed I am and how much I appreciated the recreation of this 'world' down to every last detail. Heard so much, anticipated so much, expected so much. After all that, when I set foot on the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, it still exceeded my wildest imaginations. The recreation of the Harry Potter World - Hogsmeade and Hogwarts castle was uncanny and surreal. Everything was meticulously done to perfection, I'm reluctant to report my findings because it'll spoil the fun of discovering each and every familiar detail from the Harry Potter books. Remember the fighting chess pieces? How about the Extendable ears? The Chocolate Frogs? Oh Butterbeer, how do I love thee? A pleasure which can't be passed (it's really non-alcoholic and kid-friendly) and can be enjoyed at one of the butterbeer carts or inside the Three Broomsticks. There are 3 rides, the Forbidden Journey which doubles as a wondrous walking tour through the Hogswarth castle (also done exquisitely to the every last detail) and an indoor ride with animatics seamlessly combined with physical props. GREAT. The Dragon challenge - twin rollercoasters that soars up in the sky, one of the best thrill rides in the park. And the Flight of the Hippogriff is a more family friendly rollercoaster. Before you leave this magically inspired world, don't forget to send yourself or loved ones something from the Owl Post with the official stamp of the Wizarding World.
If you're a fan of Harry Potter, I think you would love this theme park! I know I sure did!  I was a little disappointed that there were only 3 rides. The hippogryph ride is more for kids. The dragon ride is fun, especially when they run it really fast. My favorite ride is the Forbidden Journey, which takes you on a virtual tour of the Harry Potter world. It's the signature ride of the HP world and totally worth waiting for. The spiders and dementors are a little scary, but not enough to keep me away. The lines for the stores can be long so you should note that many of the stores are combined inside. There's some kind of ceremony at Ollivander's that attracts a long line, but if you don't mind skipping it, just enter through the shop next door to start shopping. Everything here (candies, wands, joke stuff) is unsurprisingly a little expensive, but I guess that's part of bringing the Harry Potter mystique to life. Butterbeer seems especially pricey. It is worth getting the souvenir cup as it makes refills cheaper. I am partial to the frozen version, the other version tastes a lot like cream soda. This isn't big enough to spend a whole day here. I recommend coming right at opening, spending the middle of the day at other parts of Islands of Adventure or at the Universal Orlando resort and then returning towards the end of the day. Doing this helps you avoid the longest lines and maximizes what you get to enjoy in your trip.
If you're a Harry Potter fan, saw the movies, and read the books, then this place is definitely for you. I pretty much grew up with the books and films so I was quite ecstatic when I first heard news that they were going build this theme park. The day has finally arrived when I actually saw it myself and was stunned by the elaborate set-up. It almost felt like walking into a movie-set or living in the movie itself.  The park itself is located in the Islands of Adventure. The entrance to the park starts off with Hogsmeade setting with snow-capped cottages filled with souvenir shops, which included the following: 1. Zonko's Joke Shop - you  can buy various wizard joke toys (i.e. extendable ears, screaming yo-yo, elephant on a bike) 2. Honeydukes - the candy shop where you can purchase the infamous Bertie Bott's flavored jelly beans and the Chocolate Frog with a collectible hologram card. They also have a pastry section where you can buy various selection of sweets. 3. Owl Post- you will find a variety of Harry Potter merchandise including plushed toy Owls, wooden wands, apparel (including wizard robes and hats), etc.   4. Olivander's Shop - this is where you can purchase wooden wands owned by the characters. Remember, the wand chooses the wizard. ;) Each souvenir shop is pretty elaborate with decorations and designs as you would imagine from reading the books or  from watching the movies. All the staff are dressed in wizard robes, which make you feel like you're in character. The most crowded shops were the Owl Post and Olivander's Shop. If you're looking for food, there is the Three Broomsticks where you can get normal platters like Turkey Leg w/corn, Fish n Chips, ribs, and shepherd's pie. You can also get Butterbeer in here if you don't like waiting on the line by the vendor cart outside of Three Broomsticks. I've tried the frozen Butterbeer (non-alcoholic) and it tastes just like an ice cream float. Very foamy, creamy, and sweet. You can also get the souvenir mug if you want to spend a few extra bucks. I wish it wasn't plastic though. As for the rides, the most popular one is the Forbidden Journey ride, which is located inside the Hogwarts Castle replica. I had a great time on this one, even though I'm not a huge fan of simulation rides. There was definitely a lot of tossing and turning because you are simulated to be riding on a broomstick with Harry Potter.  So if you're prone to motion sickness, beware! The special effects were pretty cool.  Even though the line to get in was long (30 min wait), but I must say it was an entertaining 30 minutes because there was so much to see inside the castle while standing in line.  Very ingenious! This is a park I would definitely come back again. I think even for those who are not Harry Potter fans, you may find this by far one of the more entertaining theme parks in Islands of Adventure.
As a geek, the Harry Potter universe is a definite part of my geekdom. When Wizarding World opened, I was excited to experience it. I have a list of things that I think visitors should keep in mind. 1. As Wizarding World is located within Universal Studios, expect prices to be high. 2. Keep cash on your person because the lines can be insanely long. Just make it easy on yourself. 3. For Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, use the single rider line. Without spoiling anything, you can't see or touch the person next to you in the car anyways. Save yourself the time and use the single rider line. Myself and my friends did this and we rode it at least 6 or 7 times during our time here. 4. Butterbeer! They have it here and it is delish. Get both the frozen and non-frozen. and make sure you have a few friends with you as it is rather sweet. I found it tough to finish all by myself. 5. Merchandise, I would not buy anything. All the prices are astronomical and you can easily find better deals online. If you have your kids with you and must buy something, then that is completely understandable.
A-FREAKING-MAZING.   Enough said. I feel like I have no reason to keep living, now that I've been there.  I mean, what else is there to look forward to?
Don't get me wrong... the architecture, butter beer, rides... all amazing!! So why the 3 star review? Well, quite honestly they should have knocked down most of the old Sinbad/Lost Continent section of the park to make room for what they knew would be a huge draw for years to come. I mean, does anybody really wake up in the morning and say "Gee I think I'll go to Universal to check out the Lost Continent." Nope... they sure don't and Universal had to know Harry Potter would bring record breaking crowds (seriously, they've hit capacity twice this week for the first time since the park opened!). I hope someday the crowds might thin out enough to enjoy it as much as I really wanted to and I'll keep on dreaming that they'll demolish the old outdated part of the park to expand this incredible showcase.
I would say just getting to go on the Forbidden  Journey was worth the price of admission.  I was disappointed that they did not have a sorting hat experience though.  That would have been a nice touch and had been done for student groups at one point.  Although I know I'd be bound for Hufflepuff. The Forbidden Journey is the pinnacle of the HP experience and though the line can be daunting, once you get inside you get to meet on screen, Dumbledore and Harry, Hermione and Ron.  There are also some talking pictures, and the setting of the castle is very realistic.  This is the best ride I have ever been on. Hogsmeade is impressive with all the stores, pubs, and restaurants, the platform and train.  Kids of all ages will enjoy the dressed up staff and the items available which aren't available any place else.  You can try lots of candy, butterbeer, pumpkin juice as well. Now, the rest of the rides were a bit meh in my experience.  They are both retooled roller coasters from before but with a HP twist.  The Hippogrith rollercoaster is great for kids.  It is short (one loop around) and the line moves pretty quickly.  The Dragon Challenge has two different sides, each with its own track and unique course.  The climax is when the dragons appear to be crashing into each other before taking a sharp turn away.  Not the best ride in the park but okay.  I would love to see once more attraction to balance out the roller coasters.  Everything really revolves around the Forbidden Journey as it is the star of the park.
Eh, for $90?  It's not that impressive. There's a total of 4 rides in this part of the park, so that's pretty disappointing in itself.  Couldn't they have added a ride on the Hogwarts Express?!  My parents (who are 70+) went on the 'Forbidden Journey' ride since we really didn't understand what the ride was about.  (Be warned that it was pretty intense for them.  My mom commented afterwards that she thought she was going to have a heart attack. Yeah.)  It was a pretty cool ride to me, though, and a good length so you don't feel like you waited in line for nothing. The best part was probably waiting in line because you get a tour thru Hogwarts and get to see a ton of things from the movies/books.  (My personal favorite was seeing the Sorting Hat!)   Walking through the park is awesome, yes.  Seeing Hogwarts from the outside IS a breathtaking view, for sure.  Hogsmeade looks exactly like how you would have pictured it in your mind, too.  Wand shops, candy stores, butterbeer, people with pet dragons.  It's definitely a fun time!  But the lack of rides and the fact that it's pretty small doesn't make me want to come back here or recommend it to others.  Plus, EVERYTHING here is extremely overpriced.  $30 for a wand?  $10 for a chocolate frog?!  What?! Butterbeer, though, is a must try and worth it!  Delicious!
Aside from going to a taping of the Ellen DeGeneres Show, I don't think I have been more excited for anything in my life than I was for going to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Orlando. My family had booked a Disney vacation last June, and when I found out that the Wizarding World of Harry Potter just happened to be opening the very same week that we were going to be there, there was no question that I'd be going at least once. I really should just summarize by saying that everything here is worth standing in line for. Everything is worth tolerating the scorching heat (if you go in the summer like I did). But let's go into a little more detail than that, shall we? The one big mistake that we made was arriving at Universal at around 9 or 10 in the morning and thinking we'd actually get into the Harry Potter park. Granted, we had been misinformed when we called about it the day before, but looking back, I can't believe I thought there wouldn't be a line a mile long for something this big. The lady at the ticket booth told us that the park was filled to capacity, and for us to come back at 3 because by then it was likely that some people will have left. We came back the next day instead. And this time, we did things right - we arrived at Universal at about 6:45 in the morning and there was already a fairly long line. We managed to get in with the "first wave" of people though. There are three rides, but only one of them is really worth it.  The other two are just fairly typical amusement park rollercoasters (one of them, Flight of the Hippogriff, broke down while we were there).  But Forbidden Journey, the virtual reality ride inside Hogwarts Castle, was a blast!  My brother and I went on it 3 times.  The line was pretty long, but it goes through Hogwarts and the greenhouses, so there is plenty to look at and plenty of photo-taking opportunities.  Trying Butterbeer in Hogsmeade, and going to Ollivanders to have a wand "choose" you is also a must. So if you decide to go (is there really any decision to be made here??), I advise going early.  The park may have been open for over a year now, but I talked to someone who went recently and got there around 9 and encountered the same problem I did.  If you like Harry Potter even a little bit, this is an experience you simply have to have.
I got sick on the Hogwart's ride...  well, not that sick, but kind of dizzy... Other than that, this place rocks!  A little small, but who cares? You're in freaking Hogwarts and Hogsmeade!  You're drinking butterbeer!  You're waiting 40 minutes in line to get into a gift shop! Ok, that kind of sucks... But it's really sweet just hanging out, listening to the choir with the talking toads, and just experiencing everything. We also saw Kevin Durant here!  And Spencer Hawes!
My friends: "Hey, so how was Harry Potter World?" Me: "You know that feeling when you're so happy you could cry? Yeah, well that literally happened to me. My childhood dream is now complete."
Harry Potter has been my life, for the majority of my life, so getting to go here was better than any dream. The only thing is they really need to expand.  And somehow cut some of the lines shorter. Need to go back. P.S don't wear your own cloaks and bring wands and stuff, you have to put them in a locker to go on the rides.
Outstanding. I must say that the Wizarding World of Harry Potter has to be THE best part of this park now. However, with the focus on HP World, the other parts of the park have come to look abandoned. For example, Dr. Seuss World... we passed by it and it looked as though nobody was in this area and not only that but it looked as though the maintenance around this area was lacking. What's up with that? I mean, I'm not a lover of this part of the park but it just gives the place a bad look. Just because your customer's focus is on HP, you can't forget the other parts of this park. But enough about the other parts of the park, Harry Potter World was absolutely awesome. We had to of course get a ticket and come back later because of the high traffic in this area. Which, OK fine, we didn't mind. We went and rode Jurassic Park River Adventure and Spiderman, then went back to enter HP. When we got inside, my husband was as giddy as a 5 year old on Christmas day. He's a big fan. I thought they did an exceptional job in every component. The food, the gift shops, and of course, Hogwarts! However, the gift shops were ALWAYS packed to the brim with people. I really wish they would have made HP World bigger to accommodate for higher traffic. I heard that they made it to this scale because J.K. Rowling would not allow it because she wanted it to have an authentic feel of a small town. Thumbs up for Butterbeer.
I nearly cried with tears of joy when I first stepped foot to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. I went in September 2010, and it was everything I had hoped to be, and MORE! My childhood was defined by the Harry Potter series... and I was overjoyed how accurate and intricately detailed the park was. When you step into the park, you really do feel like you've been immersed into the wizarding world. The workers all act in character and many of them even had British accents! They had the music from the movies playing everywhere throughout the park, which really added to the magical atmosphere. You can even hear Moaning Myrtle in the women's restrooms... which kind of creeped me out. I didn't want a ghost to watch me do my business. Hogsmeade was decorated in snow, which made me feel a little less hot in the humid Florida weather. I stayed at one of the park's on-site resorts, so I was able to have access to the park 1 hour earlier than the regular admission folks. It was nice to be able to explore Hogsmeade before the crowds showed up! And trust me--it gets crowded! The shops were tiny; you'd have to grind against other people to move your way around. I read online that JK Rowling and Warner Bros wanted to keep the shops small because it would be more authentic and true to the books... but the size of these shops is definitely too small for the magnitude of the crowds. Nonetheless, it was fun checking out the wands, house scarves, and chocolate frogs. The food at the Three Broomsticks was DELISH! My vacation package came with reservations at 9:30AM. We were seated promptly and ate the traditional English breakfast. The decor in the Three Broomsticks was so detailed! The food was good too. I had the pumpkin juice, which sadly, I wasn't a big fan of. :( On the second day I had the lunch feast... which came with ribs, rotisserie chicken, potatoes, corn, and salad. YUM! The butterbeer is delicious as well. Everyone must try the frozen butterbeer. It's a wonderful cold treat to have that will keep your taste buds buzzing in the hot humid weather. Fast-pass is not applicable on the Forbidden Journey ride...but you get to walk through Hogwarts and get greeted by Dumbledore himself! The ride was FUN and had a few unexpected twists and turns. It was my most memorable moment in Islands of Adventure. The rollercoasters were also quite good. Short lines, which is a plus! In the meantime, I hope that Universal will eventually expand the Wizarding World. It would be lovely if they could add more attractions. Overall, I sincerely wish I could just stay in the Wizarding World forever! I WILL BE BACK! There was ONE thing that made me sad: all of the workers kept calling me a MUGGLE. HMPH. I am no muggle! I am a witch. Please get it right next time. Thanks!
I LOVE THIS PLACE SO MUCH!!!! I wish I could live here, or come here every day! It is magical! Everything about this park is my favorite and I can't chose just a couple things. You must try the frozen butter beer. MUST! Like all the other reviews below, you must get up early to avoid long lines and to guarantee entrance to the Forbidden Journey. They made this ride so awesome, and in line while you wait you get to see Dumbledore's office, Professor Sprout's Herbology Classroom, talking portraits and so much more. The Dragon ride is awesome as well and the line splits into two and you can pick to ride on the Hungarian Dragon or the Chinese Dragon. Just walking into Hogsmead is an awesome experience because they went all out in details. You can go to Honeydukes and buy Bertie Bott's every flavor beans and chocolate frogs or go to Olivanders and pick a wand. They have a selection from almost every character in the books/movies. They have an owl post and you can eat at the 3 broomsticks. For the stores, you can buy so many different things like the Maurader's Map, Rita Skeeter's Quik Quill Notes, a sneakoscope, a Nimbus 2000, the Monster book of Monsters, and so many other cool stuff from the books. I'm seriously amazed. This is a must visit for anyone going to orlando! :)
For the die-hard Harry Potter fan or someone who enjoys roller coasters, this real-life construction of the magical land of Hogwarts is quite fun and worth the visit. Enjoy some frozen (or regular) butterbeer, which tastes like cream soda, and visit the owl post, book shop, Ollivander's wand shop, the Three Broomsticks, and Hogwarts Castle itself (which houses a fun roller coaster). This theme park is part of Universal Studio's Islands of Adventure, and is worth the visit. The souvenirs are quite pricey, but hey, if you want to bring back a souvenir (as I did), a Chocolate Frog is a must! ($9.95). We went in early January and one of the bigger roller coasters was closed, so we only checked out one of the rides. As it is only part of the Islands of Adventure, you won't spend the whole day here, and can check it all out in 2-4 hours. Great for friends, families, couples!
The way that this area is managed by the park leaves a fair amount to be desired. If you think you have time to meander through the park on your way to Harry Potter, you may be in for a surprise. We arrived at the Potter section around 3pm only to be told they weren't letting any more people in until 5:30. This was somewhat upsetting at the time, but we were able to get most things done in that area between 5:30 and when the park closed at 7:00. The logistics aside, the recreation of Hogwarts and Hogsmeade are really well done. The "line ride" up to the main ride inside Hogwarts is entertaining - talking pictures, holograms of Dumbledore and Harry/Ron/Hermione talking to you through various sections. My husband rode that ride and indicated it would be far too intense for my son (who is 9). I am sorry the ride wasn't geared more to kids at his age. Hogsmeade boasts a model of the Hogwarts Express, and store-fronts of nearly every spot that is mentioned in the books. You can shop in the joke store and in the candy shop. You can also apparently go to the wand shop to buy a wand but there was a line outside that was too long once we got there. There are a couple of other rides in the area, but we did not have time to ride them. Oh, and the Butterbeer is flawless. Most excellent!
We stayed at Disney for 4 days, but made a special trip to Universal just to go see Harry Potter.  It was a must do, as my sister and I are avid fans of the books and movies.  Definitely go there early.  We were there right when the park opened, and the Hogsmeade area filled up really fast.  It is really a pretty small space considering the popularity.  We did the Forbidden Journey right away, and then went to the dragon roller coaster.  The Forbidden Journey ride is really cool.  We went back later in the afternoon and the whole place was packed, but we did the single rider line and probably waited 30 minutes.   The stores are very cramped.  You can pretty much buy everything at the gift shop in the beginning of the park, so do a walk though if you want to see the inside, but otherwise you don't need to buy souvenirs there.  In the afternoon, there was a line just to get into the store.   The butter beer is definitely worth a try, but a little too sweet for me.
I'll try not to repeat a lot of what already has been said, but it's hard not to give all the details of such a fun experience. My friends and I, who flew from LA and Seattle, came specifically for WWHP, and went the day after the July 4th weekend. We didn't have any special packages to get into the park early, but we still arrived an hour before the park opened. We were let into the park and directed to line up outside of the WWHP area. Around 8:30, we were let into WWHP and we went directly to the Forbidden Journey. The line went by surprisingly fast (maybe 20 minutes?). So fast that we even wished the line would take longer so we could enjoy more of the attractions along the way (talking paintings, Dumbledore's office, etc.). The free lockers near the ride are a great idea - good job, Universal. Great job with the ride, too!! Like other people said, Universal threaded video with real-life settings, and made you feel like you were right there playing Quidditch, dodging dragons, being attacked by dementors, and escaping from spiders. There was a lot of screaming from our car. After we got off the ride, we immediately lined up again, this time bringing cameras to capture everything. The line took about 45 minutes this time, but it didn't feel long at all with everything there was to see along the way. I can't say the same for the Dragon Challenge ride, though. The line took about an hour, but it felt much longer as we snaked through narrow tunnels, with nothing to see along the way except for water fountains. The ride itself was super fun and exciting (especially the part where you think you're going to collide with the other dragon), and if the line weren't so unbearable, I would've wanted to ride it again to try out the other dragon. The short shows (Hogwarts singers and their toads, plus performances by the Beauxbatons and Dumstrang students) were very entertaining and professional. I was impressed by the talent of the performers, and their energy despite the hot weather and their warm costumes. They stayed in character and were really friendly when we took pictures with them. My friends and I made our own tank tops (which said, "Trust Snape," "Got Felix Felicis?", and "Mischief Managed") and we got a lot of compliments on them. The girl playing Luna was so cute...she saw my tank top and said, "You have my professor's name on your shirt!" We were prepared to shell out $10+ for Butterbeer, but we were pleasantly surprised to find out that we only needed to pay $3.50-$4.50 for Butterbeer in plastic cups. We didn't need the plastic souvenir cup. The line for Butterbeer was pretty long, and we later realized that the line into Three Broomsticks moves fast - and you can get all the drinks in the restaurant, too. The food is pretty tasty and not too $$ (especially as amusement park restaurants go). We opted for patio seating and were ushered into the restaurant right away. Some things we would have liked to see: - Better souvenirs. A lot of the t-shirts and items are a little too gaudy. While I love everything related to Harry Potter, I don't want to wear a t-shirt with Daniel Radcliffe's face on it. I think a lot of visitors would enjoy more simple t-shirts (with a simple one-line slogan) or small keychains, pins or magnets (instead of the larger ones that they have). Have more variety of useful souvenirs, too. Although it'd be cool to have a Nimbus or a Quaffle at home, I'd rather have something that I could put to use. -Characters walking around the park. While I typically cringe when I see dress-up characters, I would have loved to take a picture with Dumbledore or Hagrid. Overall, it was such an amazing experience. If it weren't so hot and crowded, I'm sure it would have been just like Hogsmeade in the movies. The snowy roofs and storefront windows are realistic, and there are a lot of small touches that Harry Potter fans would recognize and enjoy. We really appreciated the attention to detail. I wish I could give it 4.5 stars, but it looks like I can only do 4 or 5. I loved being there, but the rating for 5 means "As good as it gets" and I think WWHP could get even better.
I was debating for a few days whether to buy both theme parks at Universal Studios or just one ticket for Universal Islands of Adventure. And I suggest to buy a one day pass for both parks. Because The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is the best part of that theme park section. And the other attractions at Universal Studios Hollywood (other theme park) is also very worthwhile. We started with the Forbidden Journey and I believe the ride gets pretty packed, but we got there right when the parked open and waited several minutes. Best ride ever! Do not line up for the wand choosing attraction, what a waste of time. It was the longest wait we had to endure the entire time, and it's basically 5 minutes of watching a child pick out his wand. The beer butter was quite deceptive, as I was actually looking forward to an alcoholic beverage. But what was I thinking, the whole park is crawling with kids. It was essentially creme soda, but still delectable none the least. Definitely a recommendation for visiting Harry Potter when in Orlando!
An absolute MUST if you're a Harry Potter fan. I, personally, am a fan of the books with a dash of the movies, and this place feeds the best of both! Once you walk through the gates, its completely Potter, from the  butter beer (the fizzy one is better than the frozen) carts, to the walk through Hogsmede - trust me, you'll love every bit of it. You CANNOT miss the Forbidden Journey ride. I'm a complete scaredy-cat and hate heights, so I was a little weary, but this was excellent, if for nothing else than the stand in line, which takes you through the Hogwarts castle. It was absolutely awesome. I loved this place, and made sure I got a Ron wand from Borgin and Burkes (along with a bunch of Ravenclaw stuff), and stood in line for the Olivander presentation. My only wish was that there was more to see, but, then again, I AM a huge fan, so pretty much nothing would be enough. Make SURE you go to The Island of Adventure, NOT Universal Studios! I learned that the hard way - the branding is absolutely terrible, in that they don't explain that there are TWO different parks, and WWoHP is at the Island of Adventure!
Whoever the one person is with the one star review, you must be Mr. Grinch. Even those in our group who did not like Harry Potter, loved the theme park and said the Forbidden Journey ride was the best ride in the park. Arrive here early or get here late but avoid the high traffic during the day otherwise you'll be swimming through people. Eeeekkk!!!! I cannot express the amount of happiness inside of me or the goofy grin I had on my face when I saw the Hogwarts Express. We got a picture with the train conductor since there were four of us that had different house scarves; I just so happen to be in Slytherin. I then took in Hogsmead and continued my goofy grin. In the owlry, look up and see the owls in the rafters. Moaning Myrtle haunts the girl's bathroom. One word: BUTTERBEER!! (not frozen) It's pretty much crack. We waited to go inside Olivanders and low and behold, one friend in our group was "chosen" for a wand. She got to go through the experience of having the wand choose the wizard. Originally she wasn't going to get a wand, but after the "wand chose her" she walked out buying it. We were also lucky enough to see the performance by the ladies of beauxbatons and the men of durmstrang. Once again, I was entranced. Flight of the Hippogriff is family friendly and very short. One guy in our group had never ridden a roller coaster before and this was a perfect ride for him before going to the Hulk. The Dueling Dragons was probably my second favorite ride in the entire park. I love how your feet dangle and we happened to ride this one at night, so it added to the terror. Since we had early admission, we went directly for the Forbidden Journey ride since we knew it would be well over a two hour wait later. Like I said earlier, best ride in the park. Hands down. How often do you get people clapping after a ride with giant grins on their face? You get to walk through the greenhouse, Dumbledore's office, the defense against the dark arts classroom, the Gryffindor common room, hall of portraits, and see the sorting hat and house points, the fat lady, etc., all before entering the ride. I was snapping pictures left and right, but looking back on them, they don't do the experience justice. *spoiler*  In the defense against the dark arts classroom, it will actually snow on you :D
If you're a potter fan, you'll get everything from Olivanders to the music playing, to the butterbeer.  If you're only a casual fan, well, you may not appreciate the details here. For you potter fans, you'll love every moment of the whole experience. Walking up to hogsmead, you're already transported magically. The music that's constantly playing is from the movies and it really helps set the scene. You'll see Olivanders, Honeydukes, Hogwarts Express, Hogwarts, students from other competing magical schools not just hogwarts, Hogshead, mandrakes, and Three Broomsticks. The designers accounted for crooked roofs and chimneys, and snow on the roof of the homes. Try and take a moment to just look around without walking through too quickly. If you observe the small details, you'll see a wand floating in Olivanders, instruments moving in a display, the head in hogshead moving, etc...  Give this place enough time to admire all the details. The highlight of course is Hogwarts. The castle is amazing and it will excite you beyond your belief.  There are two ways to go through Hogwarts, one for the ride and the other as just a tour.  You should really do both.  If you don't want to go on the ride, just pretend you do, but at the last second, jump out of line.  The ride line has everything the tour has, but one or two few things that you can't get on the tour.  Sometimes if the ride line is moving to quickly, you don't get to appreciate the details in the castle, so that's where the tour is beneficial.  Try both out. The only negative piece is the price.  I can only imagine what it costs to create this, so I understand the price of the ticket, but it can still be very steep if you're only interested in HP.
Loved it! Really authentic. The Forbidden Journey is the most amazing thing I've ever ridden, and is really well done.  This alone is worth the price of admission to Universal Studios, and is the only reason we went, though it was a little intense for my 7 year-old. I would suggest going to Olivander's Wand Shop first, before the Forbidden Journey. The line does not move like the Forbidden Journey, so if it's shorter, hop in it first - especially if you get to the park early. Most folks will sprint to the Forbidden Journey, so that line will be long regardless, and it moves really fast with plenty to look at as you wind through Hogwarts. Olivander's is a really neat show, only 15 or so people in at a time, lasts about 7-10 minutes. They could learn from Disney and make their retail shops more spacious... people want to buy their stuff, and each shop is tiny and really crowded. Really the only negative thing about the whole experience. They also serve non-butter beer... turns out Hagrid likes Heineken, thank the lord.
Magic! All is done for immersion. After a fresh butterbeer, it's wonderful to feel the Wizzard sensation on Nimbus 2000 (lol)
I am a Harry Potter nerd. I whelped in glee when I heard this park was being built. I dreamed of the day I could drink a butter beer, send an owl, and walk through the streets of hogsmead. We finally got the chance to go when i dragged my husband to orlando for our pre-honeymoon vacation. I couldnt sleep all night thinking of all the amazeballs things that I was about to experience. I have to say that I was taken aback when we arrived. The place looks straight out of the book. The team, whoever they are, did an absolute fantabulous job. Its like I was in the movie itself. Except that it was 95 and 100% humid. But lets not get into details here. The butter beer was just delish and really refreshing. Tasted just like cream soda. My tip is to get the frozen one. I liked it better. Now, so why the 4 stars???? Well, I felt like the park was teeny tiny. A hop and a skip and I was done. The Magical Journey ride through hogwarts castle was really entertaining but short. And every single store was just soooooooo tiny and crowded it was hard to walk around and to see all the items you have been wanting to touch and feel for about a decade. BUT with that said...you cant miss this place if you are a fan. It should be on everyone's bucket lists...
When I was in Orlando, all I can think of is Harry Potter...must go to Wizarding World of Harry Potter ... The decor, shops @ Hogsmeade, and Hogwarts were extremely detailed. It made me feel that I was reliving the chapters of the book as I remember the moments at Owl Post, Ollivers, and more! The attention to detail amazed me and is definitely an experience. A few tips: 1) GO EARLY. We went at 9am and found that everyone else was headed to the same place we were - Wizarding World of Harry Potter ... 2) The place is small so if you go on a day when its not crowded, you'll be done in an afternoon 3) Be prepared to be dizzy. The rides are good but for some reason it makes you very nauseous afterwards. 4) If the line for butterbeer is too long outside, there is a bar next to the 3 broomsticks where you can also get butterbeer! 5) If it does get crowded for the Forbidden Journey , go as a single rider. There was a 45 minute wait and we just decided to go as a single rider. It took 10 minutes. Sweet.
"Whether you come back by page or by the big screen, Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home." J.K. Rowling If I could have made the Hogwarts castle at Islands of Adventure home, I would have. It was THAT cool. Of course, it was short and the animated images and videos of Dumbledore, Harry, Hermoine and Ron were a little cheesy, I don't really care. Dumbledore's desk was worth the 14 mile walk to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. It was so true to the film and books. I was surprised. When you first walk in, there sits the Hogwarts Express with a real live train conductor there to greet you and take pictures with you and your children. He even had the British accent that we all loved in the movies! Take a ride on the Forbidden Journey, but it doesn't matter how early OR late you get there, you ARE going to wait in line, but please do, it is absolutely worth every minute of aching feet and impatient whines from your kids! Also..the BUTTERBEER WAS ROCKIN'. One of the most delicious things I've ever tasted, but make sure to get it frozen and not regular! It is 20x better frozen! Go to Honeydukes and pick up a chocolate frog, some Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, a chocolate wand, a Honeydukes chocolate bar or some puking pestles! Of course, you're going to spend anywhere from 10.95-14.99 a piece, but again...so worth it. Filch's Emporium has all kinds of things for sale, t-shirts with the word "Muggle" on them, Gryfinndor t-shirts, scarves, feather quills, Hedwig dolls, blankets, pillows, coffee cups, mugs, posters, and other memorabilia. The shirts will run you 25$ a piece. I bought four. Don't judge. We didn't wait in line for Ollivander's. It was ridiculously long. Go a little further down and buy your wand from the cart. (TIP), if you absolutely want a great wand, buy a CHARACTER wand and not the ones that you can specify a date on. Those are cheap, plastic and look extremely fake. It is even MORE beautiful at night. Enjoy!
FIRST THINGS FIRST: If you're at this park to mainly see The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, go straight to it as soon as the park opens.  Head immediately to Forbidden Journey.  We took our time and by the time we go there, the line was over 2 hours long! I'm not used to the weather in Orlando, and the heat mixed with the crowds made it stifling to even be outside :( We did stand in line for Olivander's Wand Shop.  It was about an hour to get in, I kept reapplying sunblock because half of the wait was in the sun.  The wait is SO worth it. I was originally going to write up a full detailed description of what happens in here, but that would ruin it for anyone going to visit this place.  Just go do it!!! TIP: Wear something Harry Potter related (a t shirt, scarf, anything).  That's all I'm going to say about it. :D Overall, The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is amazing. It's very detailed and true to the movie.  I couldn't get enough of this place. I'm a Harry Potter fan and I was thrilled to be here. I would give this place 5 stars, but I honestly felt it was too small and too crowded.  I mean REALLY crowded. Also, there were not enough attractions. The rest of the park is meh...Honestly, an entire park could be dedicated to Harry Potter, not just one section.
What's there to say that already hasn't been said?  Here's some important tips in a nutshell. 1) STOP!  As soon as you get to the front entrance of the wizarding world and take a minute or two to let the feast for the eyes sink in.  This was my favorite moment, the first time I set eyes on the beauty of Hogsmeade. 2) GET!  An early admission pass by booking a package deal through universal vacations.  You'll save as much as 50% off the retail price of your hotel. PLUS, you will be allowed in 1 hour early, head straight to the journey ride. No lines! Dilly dally for 20 minutes or stopping at the shops before the ride, will cost you dearly... about 30-hour wait! 3) GO! Straight to the journey ride.  Do not stop anywhere else first, even if you've got the early admission pass.   4) REPEAT!  Go first with your group then again as a single rider (no lines). 5) DRINKI! The FROZEN butter beer, it's addictive. 6) BUY! At Filch's souvenier shop (right after journey ride)  first, no lines, best selection. You can return/exchange the item later. 7) SKIP! The wand experience.... unless you have kids who were into that part of the story.  Boooooring.... for adults and wee ones and the line is at least 1 hour long right from the early opening hour.
Best Theme Park Ride EVER!  I never watched any HP movies or read the books and after riding the ride, I had to watch them all. I walked out saying.. "what the heck did I just experience!"  Came back after watching all the movies and, wow, the detail they put in to bring it all to life.  Simply Amazing. That being said, I'm not a fan of the restaurant they have.  Other than the fish and chips, the rest of the menu is pretty heavy. Wish they offered lighter options (both in size and calories!). Butter beer .. YUMMY!. I tried both the frozen and regular one and the consensus was that the non-frozen was regular. Make sure you get it with the foam.
My girlfriend and I came here in December.  After walking through a good portion of the rest of the Universal Park, we caught sight of the gate to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  I, admittedly, am not as die-hard a fan as my girlfriend.  I've only seen the movies.  I think, however, that having never read the books I appreciated how much effort Universal put into make this section of their park look strikingly like various scenes from the movies.  I don't want to spoil things, and honestly I could write an essay on all of the charming decor and staff that make the experience truly magical.  Suffice it to say, I loved the place. One thing I will chime in on though, is butterbeer.  Butterbeer was amazing!  I'm pretty sure the kids from the books/movies got tipsy from it where the drink at the park is non-alocholic, a cross between butterscotch and root beer.  It's delicious, don't get me wrong, it's just more akin to root beer than the more adult beers.  Word to the wise, spend the extra $s to get the refillable mug.  You can get it filled with water for free, or refill with soda or juice for 99 cents at any restaurant or beverage cart in the park.  You can get it filled with butterbeer again, but that will run you a little more, I know I sure did. This place is a must visit for any Harry Potter fan.  Universal needs to hurry and put up a Wizarding World in Universal Studios, Hollywood.
This new part of Universal's Islands of Adventure park really ups the ante on having fun in Orlando!  The Dragon Challenge is one of the top two high-speed roller coasters in the entire park, and the much easier Flight of the Hippogriff is on the list for the 36" tall folks.  The Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride is somewhere in the middle (48" requirement), and has great movement and motion, but surprisingly average graphics and sound effects.  The cues for Forbidden Journey wind you through portions of Hogwarts Castle, where really well done animated displays and audiovisual effects keep you entertained, to the point you don't even realize you're waiting in a line for a ride.  Nicely done! The extremely well done physical construction of the buildings and rides, the wonderful themed costuming of the attendants, and the availability of Butterbeer and Pumpkin Juice make you almost think you'r really in Hogwarts Castle, or the little village of Hogsmeade.  The only thing missing were the character actors that populate some of the other sections of Islands of Adventure --- no Hagrid or Dumbledore wandering the lane to visit with.  But even without being able to have you picture taken with Harry or Hermione, it's still a lot of fun.  My new favorite part of IoA!!
This is what a modern theme park should be!  Even if you are not a Harry Potter fan, you will love a visit.  The village Hogsmeade and Hogwarts were so well done with the school buildings towering over you-you will soon forget ever marveling at Sleeping Beauties Castle at Disney World.   The two big rides are both fantastic-one is an indoor multimedia ride that simulates flying as if you are playing Quiddich.  The other is a huge metal roller coaster that is breathtaking. They did not forget the details!  You can drink butter beer, buy a wand, or have an English lunch.   There is not much for younger kids but Dr Suess land is right next door and easy to do in the same day.   My only complaint is that as of this writing, it is so popular that the crowds are crazy and there is a wait for everything.  Also, the pass you can buy to skip the lines does not apply to the Forbidden Journey ride.
Been a fan of harry potter since the first book came out. All the movies were great. Now we get to live the magic first hand at a harry potter world. Everyone had told me this is a new theme park...but actually its just an area they added to Islands of Adventure in Universal Studios. Me and my family had great expectations of this place and we were anxious to see how real it looked compared to what we saw in the movies. Just visited this place a week ago! The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is tucked away in the back of the theme park next to Jurassic Park. When you approach the castle it looks way smaller than in the movie, but that is expected since no one is going to build the exact size of the actual castle. It looked really nice though. Next to the castle was the entrance to Hogsmeade which was also recreated very well. In Hogsmeade, there were some of the shops mentioned in the books and movies. Honeydukes - the candy store with all the wonderful treats seen in the 3rd movie . Its a small candy store with loads of Chocolate Frogs (these ones don't hop out of the box though) and Bertie Blotts every flavor jelly beans. There were also lots to taffy's, chocolates, and other things from the movie and books. They also had fresh baked goods such as chocolate cauldrons, fudge and pastries. Zonko's- Directly connected inside to Honeydukes was the store opened by the two mischievous Weasely brothers...had a bunch of toys and gadgets which did weird things. Whoopie cushions, cherry bombs, a duck that talks...just random things I wouldn't buy and waste my money on. Lots of things that kids between the ages of 4-12 would enjoy. Olivanders has an interesting show where the wand picks a muggle from the crowd, but there is a huge wait to see that show. The other shops - Dervish and Banges, Filch's Emporium of Confiscated Goods, and The Owl Post ...all sell Harry Potter Merchandise. You can buy wands (starting at $30 and going up to $100 and over for customized birthday wands??) and brooms (nice ones start at $200) which to me is a waste because they aren't even magical and the brooms don't fly. I'd rather buy one of the many shirts they sell. They also have English "harry potter" type food (mentioned in the books and movies) in the Three Broomsticks restaurants which I did not try but the menu looked interesting. One of my favorite things was the stands all around Hogsmeade for Butter Beer. I got two mugs of that stuff and it was good!!!!! This non alcoholic soda drink tastes like cream soda with butterscotch. Absolutely addicting!!!! The three rides were pretty decent as well: Flight of the Hippogriff - slow mini roller coaster..really short, but the line is quick The Forbidden Journey of Harry Potter - cant use the Express Pass here; really long wait (upto 2 hours at times, but I only waited about 45 minutes), the line moves throughout the castle so its a good way to not get bored while you wait because you can see the talking pictures, statues, dumbledore's office etc. The ride itself is really good and pretty fast , some of it takes place in front of the screen that dives into different scenes of the movie and the other takes place in a man made version of the forbidden forest or dragon arena. Might be frightening for little kids, I kind of got scared myself! Dementors, and Spiders, and Dragons all spit water at you. Definitely worth the wait Dragon's Challenge - super fast thrilling roller coaster with twists, corkscrews, and loops...wait isn't too long...best ride out of the three!!! Overall, the Wizarding World of Harry Potter was exciting and interesting to see for the first time. However, i expected more than a few shops and rides, which is why I could not give it 5 stars. A true harry potter fan would love this place, but I think they expect want much more than this!
It's as if you were really walking into the magical world of Harry Potter. The Forbidden Journey ride is a must. Just waiting in line wasn't even boring because I was trying to take in everything on the walls and all the moving portraits. The ride itself was amazing. Definitely the best ride at Universal's Islands of Adventure. All the workers at the stores are friendly and play their part, calling customers muggles and mentioning terms/words from the Harry Potter series. lol I would definitely recommend to any Harry Potter fan who are thinking about visiting to definitely do it. Just wished this part of the park was bigger!
As yearly pass holders for the past few years, we have actually renewed the passes with the sole purpose of having the opportunity to experience this place once it opened. It was well worth the passes and the wait. The place is simply incredible. As Florida residents we go to Islands of Adventure and the Disney parks at least once a month, so it is possible to fall into the trap of taking these rides for granted, however, these places are a feat of engineering and human ingenuity, as well as incredible resources. I am not exactly a fan of the Harry Potter series, in fact I've only seen one movie, regardless, though, you can't help being super impressed by how they have recreated a castles, houses, shops and snow - It is must visit, and if you have the means and the ability to visit this place, do it ... as many times as you can.
Two words: Butter Beer. (The Harry Potter ride wasn't bad, either. And by 'wasn't bad', I mean 'slap-yo-momma stupendous'.)
As much fun as we had at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, I simply cannot believe it is part of Islands of Adventure and not it's own theme park. There is soooo much they could have done to make WWHP magical... but they didn't. I remember when Universal first starting promoting it a few years ago, saying things like, "We're using state of the art technology," and "You'll see things you've never seen before." I think those statements are kinda a stretch. I mean, it's not like the sorting hat was placed on my head and selected me for Ravenclaw. What you need to know: -Florida residents save $11 online (tickets are nonrefundable, and check for black out dates.) -Be prepared to get confused (Universal must have made some cutbacks, because there aren't many people to ask for help) and wait in a 30 minute + line to enter. -Everything is even more overpriced than you're expecting. Scarves are $30, house robes are $100, mugs $18. -The HP section is packed. Absolutely packed. -Honeydukes/the joke shop are overpriced and don't sell anything special. *Must see/do:* -Go on the forbidden journey ride-so much fun! The wait through herbology and the castle are a sight to see. -Get the butterbeer! They offer frozen and cold. Order it in the mug and you'll get cheap butterbeer refills! -Eat at the Three Broomsticks. There is no other restaurant in WWHP, so always a wait. But so worth it-you'll love the decor; complete with no-two-chairs-are-alike. (Pist-there are no vegetarian options, only fish and chips.) Note: The line for Olivanders and the "owl post" (don't get excited-you have to have a stamp and buy a postcard to actually send yourself something) is very long. The shops offer some things you won't find elsewhere, and some things you can find elsewhere. At the entrance to Islands of Adventure, a big store on the left side (across from the Christmas store) has all the character's wands and they're out of the box so you can really see them.. The store also has stationary, mugs, and a few shirts. What is really disappointing is two things: the WWHP section is very small and very cramped, and Hogsmead looks like Hogsmead but it's all for show-you can't go into hardly any of the stores.
My group was so lucky to have visited Universal on a rainy morning - the lines for the rides were all really short! Harry Potter and Forbidden Journey is probably my all-time favorite theme park ride. We waited in line for Ollivander's Wand Shop and it was probably the longest line we waited in all day. The show was fun but I wouldn't wait to see it again. Tasting Butterbeer is mandatory - go with the frozen option! We didn't manage to make it into most of the shops (they were packed) but I did enjoy checking out the window displays. Universal really went above and beyond. I loved that the employees all wear capes similar to the students' uniforms at Hogwarts.
If you're a Harry Potter fan, this section of the Island of Adventure theme park is well worth the price of admission.  It was like stepping into the pages of the books or into the movies.  Every bit of detail was taken into account, from the store fronts, to the taste of Butterbeer, to Hogwart's castle, to the show at Ollivander's and much more. I'll review each aspect of the park separately, but if you're a fan and considering coming for a visit, definitely do it.  You won't be disappointed.
FUN FUN FUN!!!! My favorite part of Islands Of Adventure! Definitely need to get on The Forbidden Journey first because the line gets crazy! It was already a 75MIN wait when the park opened. Everything about this place is amazing! They did an AWESOME job creating it to life! It was sooo freakin COOL!!! I dunno how else to describe it haha! Be sure to get in line for BUTTERBEER!! Super sweet and refreshing :] Get the Frozen one!!! This section of IOA was really packed! So try and get to it early if you can. It's a small area but there's tons of stuff to look at. The shops are really small too. So it was hard to look around because there was little space to walk. We even went into the wand shop and there was a wait to get in it! We finally got in! I wanted to buy a wand but it was a little too pricey so I passed. I'm a little sad I didn't get one but oh well! The experience was just as great!! I was happy with my butterbeer!
OOOOO MMMMM GGGGGG !!!!!!!! I didn't even know this was in this park when I originally planned our trip. THEN, when I got here, it seriously MADE my vacation!!! Hogwarts! Hogsmeade! Ollivanders! Butterbeer! The AMAZING AWESOME RIDE!! Even the LINE into the ride was entertaining through Hogwarts with the moving portraits, living newspapers, Dumbledore's elevator, and so much more!! In Hogsmeade there's the Hogwarts Express, all the stores for souveniers, candy, etc. If you're going to buy souveniers, it's worth it to wait in the short (well, short when I went) line to go into Ollivanders Wand Shop where they do a little show before you go into the souvenier shop. At first I was like "show....meh".... but I was like a kid when they did the show... I felt like I was in the movie!!!! SO MUCH TO SEEE!!! AGGGHHHH!!!! HP OVERLOAD!!! :D
I came to the park for a private corporate event in the evening after the rest of the park closed (so no lines or crowds!). So-- my opinion and thoughts will be different than most. Butterbeer was awesome - refreshing and not too sweet. Pumpkin Juice was WAYYY too sweet. Did not like this one. I ended up eating at the Three Broomsticks and the food was actually really good -- so I recommend checking it out. Ride EVERY RIDE. And sit in the front on the dragon roller coaster. So worth the extra wait.
SO FREAKING AMAZINGLY SPECTACULARLY AWESOME! Once I saw the entrance, it was like I was a 5yo girl walking in to Disneyworld for the first time. I started to skip; I started to jump up and down; I even let out a squeal of excitement. Everything looked so real here. I loved the stores, the decorations and all the minor details that made this Hogsmeade great. The rides were incredible and I loved Dragon Challenge. The roller coaster had a 5-10 minute line the entire day! AWESOME. I think I went on this ride around 10 times... Must do: 1. Ride all the rides - can skip hippogriff ride if no time. 2. Ride the Forbidden Journey A LOT. 3. Drink a bunch of Butterbeer - frozen and unfrozen versions. They do taste slightly different. 4. Talk to any of the workers there just to hear them call you a "muggle". 5. Go to Ollivander's to view the wand choosing. 6.. 7.. 8.. THE LIST COULD GO ON FOREVER. This was probably the best theme park of my adult life so far.
Whimsically awesome, you feel like you are in a different world. Couldn't watch the first movie for more than 4 minutes and would never read the books; that being said, it's still one of the coolest places I've seen. The shops feel real, the 3 broomsticks restaurant (sort of) feels real, it's a very real experience. The design of this attraction is so awesome. Highly recommended
Omg! Hogsmeade! Butterbeers! The owl post! Hogwarts!  Hagrid's hut! The Three Broomsticks! I just peed a little.
I visited WWOHP in mid July and I loved it so much that I went back again in early February. THAT'S how amazing it is. In February, the crowds were almost non existent compared to the summer. The longest line we waited in was about 10 minutes. I HIGHLY suggest trying to plan your trip during off season. It is much more enjoyable when there aren't people everywhere and you actually have space to look around. It's pretty small. Most people assume it's huge since it is advertised as a "theme park". It is actually just a section of Islands of Adventure  so don't expect anything extremely gigantic. I'm a big Harry Potter fan and let me just tell you, walking in "Hogsmeade" for the first time is just incredible. I witnessed dozens of people walking in and getting emotional. The second you step foot inside, you have the HP theme music playing, the Hogwarts Express to your right, and a gorgeous view of the village complete with the Hogwarts Castle in the back. I definitely recommend entering through the front entrance ( the one closest to Dr. Seuss), rather than the side entrance (the one closest to Jurassic Park) to get the full effect. First of all, don't bring any type of bag with you. They won't let you on any rides without putting them into lockers first and most of the time the lockers have long lines. They are also only free for a short period of time, and then you have to pay something like 3 bucks an hour. When I went in July the crowds were obviously way more intense than when I went in February. However, the line trends were about the same. For example, both times the longest line was for Ollivander's wand shop. I suggest you do this first since the line gets a lot longer during the middle of the day. It isn't a ride, it's just a "show" that lasts about 5 minutes. Who knows, you might get picked to get your very own wand.   Flight of the Hippogriff is pretty lame in my opinion. I didn't go on it the first time I went and it bothered me that I didn't do EVERYTHING in the park, so when I went back I made sure to go on it. The only cool thing about it is that you get to bow to Buckbeak on your way up. If you are into fast, thrilling rides and the wait time for this is longer than 10 minutes, then definitely skip it. You won't be missing much. It is a family roller coaster so it's great for kids. Dragon Challenge = one of the best roller coasters I have EVER been on. Trust me when I say to WAIT IN LINE FOR THE FRONT. It is 200000% worth it. Also, the line is never too long and it is constantly moving so you don't have to worry about stopping and being bored. Harry Potter & the Forbidden Journey. DO NOT SKIP THIS RIDE. I don't care if the line is 8 hours long. Do it. The line itself is half the fun. You get to explore Hogwarts and it is absolutely amazing. Don't do the single rider line unless you have completely gone through the actual line first or you will miss all of it. It is probably the best ride I have ever been on. You will absolutely fall in love with everything about it if you are a harry Potter fan. And even if you aren't I guarantee this will still become one of your favorite rides. Butterbeer. Get it, and get it frozen. Especially on a hot day. Perfection. 3 broomsticks is pretty good. The food is nothing spectacular but it beats a cheap hot dog anywhere else in the park. My friend is a vegetarian and he had no trouble eating here. It's worth it just to sit inside and look at the decor. *hint* look around for house elves working upstairs! The shops are usually crowded but lots of fun since the staff is always in character, and there's lots of cool things to buy (or look at) that are literally straight out of the books and movies. You will be in awe at how detailed some of the stuff is! Get a chocolate frog from Honeydukes. They're 10 bucks but they're HUGE and the box is super detailed and it even comes with a holographic card of a famous wizard. If you can, try and be there at night to see everything lit up. I was there one night after it had just stopped raining. The shiny, wet floor + lights + HP music + magical feel of everything = breathtaking. Basically, if you are a Harry Potter fan or just a fan of cool things in general, you cannot miss the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
A must go, my favorite place in Orlando.  The buildings, the rides, the butterbeer!  What can't you like about it. Even in the bathroom there was moaning murtle talking to you.  this place is where everyone goes to right when the park opens, even midday it was still packed full of people. I hit up the harry potter forbidden jorney ride first, only about a 20 min wait luckily or else later in the day it was 1+ hr.  Anyways all the little shops are nice to look at all the cool touristy merchendise, but beware its like a shove match inside the stores. A can't miss in orlando!
A-MAZING!! I was soooo excited to come here, but I'm also glad that we waited until the crowds died down and the kids went back to school to come visit. We had no problems with any lines. The longest line was for Ollivander's, which they said was an hour, but was probably closer to 30 minutes. It was worth it though because I got my wand! You can buy character replica wands throughout Universal, but at Ollivander's they have some exclusive "special" wands only available there. RIDES - Forbidden Journey was like Spiderman on steroids (minus 3D) and we only waited 15 minutes or so. Dragon Challenge (no wait) made me realize that with old(er) age comes increased dizziness. We agreed that the Chinese Fireball was definitely the scarier of the two. Lines can get long for Flight of the Hippogriff because there is only 1 Hippogriff train to ride on and it probably isn't worth anything longer than a 15 minute wait - you do get to see Buckbeak and Hagrid's house while in line though. FOOD - Of course, had lunch at Three Broomsticks and again, zero wait to get in or for a table. I wasn't particularly hungry so I shared the Cornish Pasties with my mom. 3 little meat pies and a basic salad. Food is just ok, but you really come for the atmosphere. Looks super authentic, just larger than you would probably imagine. I washed my meal down with a Pumpkin Juice which was surprisingly tasty and less sweet than the Butterbeer. The frozen Butterbeer was a bit much at first, but grew on me. I shared one with my mom, but even then we couldn't finish it. SHOPS - The shops are all packed. I didn't want to wait in line at Honeyduke's so no sweets for me. Zonko's also just had some little knick knacks and toys - nothing too interesting. Dervish & Banges is where I spent most of my money. I wanted a robe, but couldn't justify spending $100 for something I might wear once a year. I settled for a Hogwarts journal and some buttons and keychains. Not exactly a shop, but don't forget to go to the bathroom to hear Moaning Myrtle. I can't wait to go back. I really hope they expand WWoHP. My friend and I had so many ideas for attractions and merchandise! I would love to see a Gringotts, the Burrow, a Dobby memorial, Godric's Hollow, and Grimmauld Place. Is that too much to ask for?
Thumbs up!  I traveled all the way to Florida just for the Wizarding World.  I mean, I did travel through and to the Dakotas and Minnesota before Florida.  That's what I mean by "all the way" lol. Despite being sick, I really enjoyed myself.  It was almost like being in the movie, especially since there were some scenes from the movie, well, according to our tour guide (see my review on Islands of Adventure).  It was exciting to see Honey Dukes, the joke shop, Olivander's, Hagrid's Hut, and of course Hogwarts.   The main ride at Hogwarts starts through the school, and then ends up at a virtual ride.  I don't want to spoil this ride, so you just have to go and see it for yourself.  I would suggest you ride this one before you eat.... I did not like the Three Broomsticks, see my review.   But for the experience of Harry Potter, I would still recommend you go there. There were two dragon rides, named after 2 of the dragons (I forget, sorry Ron).  I didn't get to ride one of them because someone puked (red one - rode the blue one) but it looked pretty much the same.  Hrmm...maybe you should ride this one either before you eat, or within a reasonable amount of time after. Hope to visit again soon!  Maybe there will be some good modifications.
OMG OMG OMG!!! I came from LA and it was totally worth the trip!! High lights: BUTTER BEER Pumpkin Juice (it's actually a cocktail w/ other juices) The repilica was WONDERFUL! The wand shop - they have actors that redo the "selecting a wand" from the first movie.. (warning.. you will be compeled to buy a ~$30 piece of wood afterwards) QUIDDITCH the ride!! I'm a roller coaster chicken and I enjoyed it! The Hogwarts "post office" BUTTER BEER (so good i mentioned it twice) ~so happy~ (but totally bias)
There's no way I can out-do the other great reviews here, but I'll just note a few points (BTW we were here with our kids, 7 and 5.) 1. Butterbeer is over-rated..sorry..for those who haven't tried it..imaging drinking a thick and creamy "buttery" vanilla soda.  It leaves a tasty buttery after taste on your lips.  I guess you need to have one as your already here right? 2. The Harry Potter ride (the main one..inside the castle) was o.k.  Maybe I was expecting more.  It's mostly a 3-D adventure ride that swooshes you through the castle and it's environments.  The lines get heavy during they day..but get here toward the end of the day and the line flies through. 3. We were so lucky and our kids were picked as the two to participate at Ollivander's (sic) Wand Shop.  If your kids are lucky then it's worth the wait in line for the show..otherwise skip it and pick up a wand at the end of the store.  Don't fret about the wands (Harry Potter, Hermione, etc..they're all over the place..and I'd just skip the crazy wait..get it at the gift stores on the way out) 4. They have parent-swap lines at all the rides so you and your significant other can ride the big kid rides and just take turns watching the kids..really cool.
I flew out to Florida just to go to the Wizarding World... And I was not disappointed. It was truly magical. The details were amazing... the shops looked great! The Three Broomsticks food was delicious and so was the butterbeer! I loved the Hogwarts ride... we got stuck on it, and ultimately they had to take us through it with the lights on... I thought it was a cool behind the scenes experience. There are two other rides - The Dueling Dragons and the Hippogriff... Both really fun! I also loved the performances. I went on a weekday, so it wasn't too crowded. I also just want to let you readers know that you don't really need to spend more than a day here. We came back on the second day, but spent the majority checking out Universal Studios. Also.. try hard not to bring a purse or back pack... they make you get lockers before certain rides. I can't wait for the expansion... they can definitely do more with it. But I still had such an amazing time.
YES. Okay, now that that's been said. Clearly state of the art, action packed, fun! FUN! The dementors were huge (and frankly scared the crap out of me at first!) which was a lot of fun. You ride through a bit of a quidditch match, and also see one of Hagrid's dragons! Fun! There is a lot of spinning, and no upside down, but definitely some topsy turvy, so if you are a super motion sensitive person, just be cognizant of that. I would go again. I want to go again. I want to go again right now. (Also, line said 90 minutes and was definitely only 60)
Every Harry Potter fan's dream come true! Details, details, details everywhere! If you area a ginormous Harry Potter fan you should definitely keep an eye out for the fine details carved in the decor of Harry Potter World. Even if you aren't a huge harry potter fan, I am sure you'll enjoy this part of the park anyway. Its beautiful, beautiful!!!!! Breathtaking! Immediately as I entered through hogsmeade, I felt like I was one of the characters. Even the workers here are really into their roles! Forbidden journey is a MUST if you come to Islands of Adventure. Its probably mine and many other's favorite ride here. Although the line for this ride is ridiculously long, its probably the only line youll ever wait in where youll be entertained throughout. The decorations from the herbology room to the inside of the castle - the common room, defense against the dark arts room, Dumbledore's office, the talking paintings,the fat lady, EVERYTHING, it was just PERFECT! I wouldnt mind standing in line again even if it was over 2 hours. Its just so beautifully decorated inside the castle. The ride itself takes you on an adventure through the castle and more. Although it is only a simulation, it felt so real. Its really indescribable, just take my word and ride it yourself, and then you'll understand what I mean. Just a heads up for those who have express passes, there is no express pass line for this ride. TIPS: -The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is most crowded when the park opens and in the evening. When the lines are extremely long for the rides at Harry Potter world, the other parts of Island of Adventures is empty, for some odd reason. Just something to bear in mind when you plan your trip here. It is LEAST crowded around 2-3pm. The second day I came here the line for forbidden journey was 45 minutes between 2-3pm while the other areas of the theme park was extremely crowded. -If you want to shorten the wait time on the forbidden journey, try the single riders line! But youll be missing out on the decorations since the line skips out on everything and takes you through a shortcut up a stair way where you join the rest of the line when you see the sorting hat. -If you're crunched on time, I suggest you skip out on the Ollivander's Wand Shop demo. It really was not worth the 45+ minutes in line, to be honest. -DEFINITELY have at least one meal at The three broomsticks. The interior was truly breathtaking and the food's delicious. It would be awesome if this part of the park was expanded a bit more considering the amount of people who mostly come to Islands of Adventures for Harry Potter. I am also just a tiny bit sad that the diagon alley was not built yet when I came here. Darn it, I came an entire year too early. But.....Seriously, if you are in Orlando and you dont come here, you are missing out! and....if you come here and didnt try the butterbeer, what the hell were you thinking?! MIND BLOWING EXPERIENCE
Must see for any big Harry Potter fan!! Don't forget to try the Butterbeer while you're there.
The whole part of this park is amazing. The butter-beer tastes delicious. They do have a section for adults that serves actual beer and its really good. The bar setup is really cute. The bathroom has a big surprise which I will not ruin for you but its great. So many little shops that they had in the movies/ books. You should definitely check this place out. :::AS for the rides::: 2hr wait? SO WHAT!!!! Completely worth it. I went on the harry potter ride in the castle about 3x's(Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey). The first time I waited for this ride I was a bid upset with the wait time but that's what I get for not staying at one of the universal hotels. BTW if you stay at these hotels on the grounds you get to get into the park an hour early and they make a reservation at the harry potter restaurant. While I was waiting I began to get excited. Before the ride you get to see the inside of the castle. It's amazing. You get to see the taking picture frames, the hat speaking and many other cool things.
If you're a Harry Potter fan, young or old - GO NOW!  Stop reading this review and book your tickets!  If you've never read a HP book or aren't a fan, this is not the place for you (a passerby lady scoffed at those of us waiting in line "to get into a wand shop?! ugh...). I won't spoil it for you...   I was pleasantly impressed by their attention to details (if you're a fan, you'll get a kick out of it all).  They could've done so much more... The rides were not all that... the walk through Hogwarts was cool leading up to the Forbidden Journey ride, but the ride itself was 'eh'.  Maybe some day they'll build more (rides through Gringotts would be cool).   Go drink some butterbeer!  The frozen butterbeer is perfect for a warm humid Orlando day.  Can't wait to go back!!  (Although I wish you could just buy tickets to HPW... $90 is expensive, but it's for all of Universal Islands of Adventures...)
Really well done.  Apparently Universal hired in some of the set designers of the movie.  I came here on a gloomy, overcast day, which really enhanced my feeling that I was in Hogsmeade and Hogwarts.  A shame that the stores are relatively poorly lit and very cramped; you cannot see half the merchandise that they are trying to sell you.  In fewer words: OVERALL:  -  General ambience - Very well done and will make those who like the movies very happy.  -  Bathrooms - I got performance anxiety listening to Moaning Myrtle.  She's in both the women's and men's "Convenience Rooms"  -  Lots of Gryffindors and Slytherins running around.  Saw one Hufflepuff.  No Ravenclaw sightings. ATTRACTIONS:  -  Forbidden Journey - The MUST of this land and park  -  Dragon Challenge - Decent  -  Ollivanders - Too long of a wait for a short show  -  Triwizard Champions - Photo op with a Gryffindor, Durmstrangs, and Beauxbatons FOOD:  -  Three Broomsticks - Decent place to eat lunch  -  Frozen butter beer bests the chilled butter beer SHOPPING:  -  Owl Post - Look up!  (Super cute, and best use of your spending money outside of butter beers)  -  Filch's - Best selection of merchandise  -  Zonkos - Impressive only from the outside  -  Honeydukes - Largely overpriced  -  Dervish and Banges - SUPER CRAMPED on the inside, but good merchandise
As someone who's been into the books since a little kid, I made this my first stop during my visit to Islands of Adventure. The wait time for the Forbidden Journey ride is pretty long - all the time - since there isn't an express pass option for this. It is definitely worth the wait though. The ride was amazing and left me feeling like my hour wait was worth it. The line to the ride leads you through Hogwarts and it really felt like the book was coming to life. GET THE BUTTERBEER. It is just as amazing as the books described it to be. Also, definitely stroll through Zonko's and Honeydukes - pick up some Chocolate Frogs and Every Flavor Beans. The Frogs come with a collectable character card - just like in the books. Mine had Salazar Slytherin and the one I brought back for my boyfriend had Albus Dumbledore. I heard there's a Harry Potter one too! Have lunch at the Three Broomsticks if you're in the area during lunch time - it's definitely more delicious than some of the sit down restaurants in Universal.
My Ratings:   Quantity: 5 - Lots to do! Quality: 5 - Fun Fun Fun! Price: 5 - Affordable Location: 5 - Coolest Place! Parking: 4 - Parking lot (you pay!) Service: 4 - Good Speed: 4 - Good Overall: I want to live here!  So much fun and lots to see and do! My Opinion/Story: I love how they did this place! It's like being in Harry Potter's world.  Every detail of the place is how I pictured it in the book.  It's really an awesome place for both kids and adults.  So worth the 7 hour trip!
Being an enthusiastic fan of the Harry Potter franchise, I had to visit the 'Wizarding World of Harry Potter.' After gaining access to the Islands of Adventures park, it was a waiting game before being admitted to Hogsmeade and Hogwarts - 2 1/2 hours to be exact. Once in, you stood shoulder-to-shoulder with the stranger next to you only to be pushed into yet another line just to get into a Potter-themed gift shop. You were entertained while waiting, however, as there were interesting sights to see within the shop windows. Tips: *definitely try the Butter Beer and Pumpkin Juice at the Three Broomsticks tavern. Both beverages are non-alcoholic and quite kid-friendly (and tasty for adults too!). * Honeydukes Candy shoppe offers an excellent variety of edible candy (excluding the vomit and booger flavored 'Bertie Bott's'). * The ride to wait in line for is the 'Forbidden Journey' - half roller coaster simulation-half roller coaster... the graphics are a bit cheesy, but overall it's definitely the best ride in the 'Wizarding World.' All-in-all, if you don't mind being pushed, shoved, and scowled at by angry mothers pushing their too-young children around (and hitting you with this said stroller), then 'The Wizarding World of Harry Potter' is a must-do. If you prefer to avoid the crowd, then I'd wait until after the 7th installment is released and the hype has semi-calmed down.
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter (WWoHP), the newest of six islands inside Universal's Islands of Adventure (IOA), is a meticulously conceived and produced theme park experience like no other in the world.  Even if you are not a fan of the books and movies, it is difficult not to be impressed by the level of detail found inch by inch throughout its shops and attractions. I have already written reviews of each of this island's components.  To avoid redundancy, you can see my individual reviews and insider tips on my WWoHP list here yelp.com/list/wizarding-….  I am going to use this space to write about crowd levels, which is by far the biggest challenge of enjoying "Harry Potter World." WWoHP has been successful beyond even the most optimistic expectations.  While this is certainly good news for Universal, it creates a bit of a dilemma for the average guest.  With this in mind, let me share with you how to minimize your frustrations.  This is first-hand knowledge from someone who lives in Orlando and has been to Universal hundreds of times. First, if at all possible, stay at one of Universal's on-site hotels when you come to visit WWoHP: Loews Royal Pacific Resort yelp.com/biz/loews-royal… Least expensive on-site hotel, closest to IOA, features a luau Saturday nights. Hard Rock Hotel yelp.com/biz/hard-rock-h… Most popular on-site hotel, right next to USF, killer pool area. Loews Portofino Bay Hotel yelp.com/biz/loews-porto… Universal's flagship resort, most expensive but has the largest rooms and most amenities, somewhat removed from the noise of the theme parks. There are numerous benefits to staying on-site (universalorlando.com/Tic…).  For our purposes here, the two biggest are Early Park Admission (EPA) and the convenience of staying steps away from CityWalk and the theme parks.  Essentially this means that you will be able to get into WWoHP an hour before the general public, and it is extremely convenient for you to get from your hotel over to the turnstiles at IOA.  Regardless of how you book a room at one of the on-site hotels, you get these benefits. Second, if you can't stay on-site, book a vacation package through Universal (universalorlandovacation…).  Whether you select the Exclusive Harry Potter package or any other package, you will get Early Park Admission.  It's a benefit for all packages.  And a vacation package, in its simplest form, just needs to be hotel accommodations and theme park admission tickets.  Since in most cases you'll have to buy these two components anyway, doing it as a package will get you into the gates an hour early.  Now that Universal has more than 40 partner hotels off-site, from the Econo Lodge all the way up to the Ritz Carlton, they're bound to have something that will fit your budget. Keep in mind that Early Park Admission is available on your check-in and check-out days.  So, if you just want to get a hotel for one night, you can get into WWoHP an hour early twice.  Think of it this way: If you book a vacation package including a room at Econo Lodge for one night, the room itself will cost you about $60.  Add to that the admission tickets you were going to buy anyway, and you just got yourself two hours of very limited crowds, with direct walk-on or walk-in access to all the shops and attractions at WWoHP basically for $60.  That may not be worth it for some, but it may be absolutely worth it for others. Third, if you can't stay on-site or book a vacation package, plan on getting to Universal early and/or staying late.  Since most families like to get to the parks around 10:00am or so, and leave around 6:00pm or so, guess when WWoHP will be least crowded?  Yep, before 10:00am and after 6:00pm.  Now, this isn't to say it won't be crowded at all in the mornings or evenings, but it'll be less crowded than right smack in the middle of the day. If IOA is open really late, say 10:00pm or later, than I can almost guarantee you it will be pretty empty for the final hour or so.  During Christmas week (the single busiest week of the year) I went to WWoHP at about 11:00pm, and I pretty much had the place to myself.  It was a straight walk-on to all the attractions--yes, even Forbidden Journey--and the shops were actually enjoyable to browse through. If none of those options work, then please do everyone in your party a favor and expect big crowds and long lines.  The popularity of WWoHP, and the amount of people coming to see it, are expected to carry on well through the end of 2011. Ready to read about the individual shops and attractions at WWoHP?  Here's the link to my list again yelp.com/list/wizarding-….  Don't miss the insider tip I've included for each venue.
I had never had the desire to visit Universal Studios until they scooped Disney and secured the rights to the Harry Potter series. Even then, I thought they'd mess it up and produce a schlocky, cobbled-together mess of fake British accents and polystyrene "stone" walls. I was quite, quite wrong. While the rest of the park leaves me pretty cold, the Harry Potter section is really great fun, well constructed (though perhaps not well *designed* - see below), and holds something for everyone. The park is a facsimile of the movies. I won't blather too much about that -- others have written about it in far more detail than I can muster -- but would say this: if you've seen the movies, you'll immediately recognize most of the shops and attractions. That said, the true-to-the-movies construction has clearly compromised good theme park design. It can be hard to navigate through the crush at points -- especially the hill between Hogwarts and Hogsmeade. Fortunately, all the staff we encountered were excellent, and helped direct everyone where they should be to minimize wait times and congestion. One thing they DON'T tell you is the trick to minimize butterbeer wait times. (For that, see my review of the Three Broomsticks.) The Forbidden Journey ride is a lot of fun indeed, though some in our party were expecting more thrills and spills. It's quite an active ride, though, with video, animatronics, and special effects. The walk through the castle to the ride entrance is particularly fun, with talking portraits and other surprises. Tip: you don't have to go on the ride to walk through the castle. At the entrance to the castle, just tell them you want to walk through and they'll direct you to a different path. Then you can see all the good bits without needing to go on the ride. The same tip holds true for the Dragon Challenge ride! Two other top tips: 1. Zonko's connects to Honeydukes. So if the line into one of them is long, wait for the other to minimize your time outside. 2. You can see the Weasley's Ford Anglia car on the hill up to the Dragon Challenge. Again, you don't have to ride the ride to see it -- just go on up! We thoroughly enjoyed the Harry Potter section of Universal Studios. It's a definite must-see on any trip to Orlando, though it may not have the repeat-viewing pull of the Disney parks.
This would be 5-stars if the land was BIGGER. Like, get rid of the lame Lost Continent and expand HP world to include the Ministry, Azkaban & more. My tips: 1. 10% OFF EVERYTHING WITH A AAA CARD. I cannot tell you how bummed I was to learn this on my second day at the park. If I had known this my first day, I would have saved at least $20. The AAA discount is good at restaurants and stores, including ALL Harry Potter stores. This is how I ended up with a Hogwarts robe, house tie, and wand. Not sure if it works on alcoholic drinks, but give it a try. 2. If you have a small digital camera and are confident you will not lose it, do not put it in the lockers. The lines of all the rides are picture worthy - from the Weasley's flying car to Dumbledore's office. Not a big deal in the offseason when the wait times are under 30 mins., but a definite must in the summer when you can probably only get on the rides once. 3. If you're over 21, drink at the Hog's Head.
Overall the park is well done but it's extremely small.  The total length is maybe a football field.   I went early in the morning about 8 or 9 and the place already had a good sized crowd.  But not so crowded because the line for the Forbidden Journey was short and went by fast.   Too fast because inside Hogwarts Castle there are things to see while in line.  Such as Dumbledore's office and various Potter artifacts.   I was there in early July, HOT and STICKY!!  But that's OK because it's always winter there, which is evidenced with snow on the top of the roofs.  As I said before the place is extremely small for the amount of devoted Harry Potter fans.  When you arrive at the stone gate entrerance which has the Hogwarts Express and train station, immediately behind is the village of Hogsmead and Dueling Dragons.  All the shops are extremely small and the Three Broomsticks constantly has an imposing line of people waiting to get in.  Just after Hogsmead about 30 yards is Hogwarts Castle.  You can experience the entire place in a couple of hours sans food. The place has several carts which sells Butterbeer, regular and frozen.  They ran out of the frozen stuff early because of the wicked heat.  The regular stuff was pretty good.  It had a hint of Root Beer with Cream Soda and a cream topping which contained the butter flavor.  The cream topping was either whipped cream or whipped condensed milk mixed with butter.  Personally I did not find it overly sweet as others have claimed, it was no sweeter than a de-fizzed soda.   I would have stayed and experienced the other parts of Islands of Adventure but was extremely tired because it was at the end of my vacation which included a lot of walking and very little sleep. One Star since it's Legal to Murder in Florida
It was worth the 90-minute wait in line. Although they have breakdown in their system, specifically the entry/exit points.
True to the movie. Fun for all, even non-fans. Money, you shall drop.
Tough to say anything new about this place that already hasn't been said. My fiance is a huge Harry Potter fan, and I'm a huge Emma Watson fan, so naturally this was a great place to be. Hogsmeade was put together in unbelievably realistic fashion. The environment they built is straight out of the films and they did a darn good job of it. A few things to know about this place: - Go eat at The Three Broomsticks. Get your Butterbeer there while you're at it. Refills will be cheaper and you can use it for soda refills the rest of the time there - The wait in line for the Forbidden Journey is worth it. They did a very elaborate job taking you through Hogwarts. I still don't know how they managed to have talking paintings. The ride also rocks. I went on it several times and it never got old. Possibly the best ride I have ever been on in my life - Don't wait in line at Olivander's Wand Shop. They choose only one child, and while that's fun to make a spectacle about a wand choosing a person, it's a long wait that is not worth it. - The prices of the merchandise are high, but if you're there and are not planning on going back any time soon, just get it - The small roller coaster by Hagrid's Hut is good for kids, but adults will be bored. It's just not fast enough This place is really killer. News came about that they are planning on building one in Universal Studios in Los Angeles, and I am anxiously awaiting its arrival.
Outstanding!  The best part of the park.  The wait sucked but it was worth it.  I can't imagine standing in line for two hours later this summer but you must visit. Had lunch at the Three Broomsticks restaurant.  Portions were ample and tasty.  The people flow, however, could have been better planned.  The butter beer gave me gas. Try it, you'll like it!!
Woo if you are a harry potter fan you will have tons of fun here. The lines were not fun in such hot humid weather, but if you are used to that kind of thing, don't sweat it, it's worth it to go. Coming from California it was a bit much for my fair skin to be out all day, especially because Universal Studios FL doesnt know how to plant a damn tree. This place needs more shade. The ride in the castle was by far the best thing there. If there was ever a ride to feel like you are "actually in the ride", this would be it. They did a fantastic job at making it all look so real! It was also fun to feel as if you are riding on a broomstick. I also loved going through the castle itself and seeing all the rooms they had decorated. I wish they would have let me bring my nice camera with me to take pictures, but you have to leave your belongings in a locker at the entrance of the castle. They also have a restaurant called "The Three Broomsticks". It was decorated so cute like what I would imagine from the book! We had a bite to eat and some butterbeer as well. We also enjoyed going in and watching the little skit to "find your own wand." I think that was the longest line for some reason, and I probably would have skipped it if I knew it was such a short performance. We liked the fun wand shop and enjoyed seeing all the wands stacked to the ceiling and being able to buy movie replica merchandise as well. I hear they will be making one soon in Universal Studios California so I'm excited for that when it is finished.
Definite must do here is the Forbidden Journey. Line up and take your time in absorbing the 'interiors' of the castle the first time you ride. The second time, just go on the solo riders line even if you're with another person. The way the ride is designed, you won't even see the person right next to you. The ride is a bit shaky, dark and there are some smoke/water effects. Oh, and I'm not sure if still happens but I experienced being stuck in the middle of the ride (technical difficulties) but only for a few minutes. It didn't really affect the experience much. I still enjoyed it. Being someone who likes musicals. I loved the Hogwarts Choir. I also liked the Hogwarts Express but I hope they plan to add some smoke effects or background audio on it and not just 'sitting there' if you know what I mean. There are two other rides (or should I say 3 since the rollercoaster is pretty much 2 different rides?) but it was pretty much old Universal Rides renamed/reopened to match the theme. So we didn't bother. Ollivanders might be worth seeing if you have children with you. If not, consider skipping it. The Owl Post is good but I suggest printing labels before hand for the postcards and have stamps ready before hand or you'll spend eternity lining up on these. I hope they add more 'shows' and 'effects' here in the future. I still found it a bit lacking and it needs a bit more of value for me to consider revisiting again.
I haven't read any of the Harry Potter books nor seen any of the Harry Potter movies, but after coming here I have a new found appreciation for anything Harry Potter. The 5 things that really stood out during my visit there: 1) the yummy butterbeer :) 2) the unbelievably long ass line to the gift shop and no joke at first I assumed it was for a ride, until I realized security letting in a few people inside the gift shop at a time. 3) the yummy butterbeer :) 4) Three Broomsticks Restaurant 5) the yummy butterbeer :)
Ok I LOVE Harry Potter. I LOVED the way they did the castle, I loved the ride, I loved the Butterbeer, I loved 98% about this theme park...but I do have a minor complaint about Olivanders. We waited in line for two hours in the heat to get into Olivanders and the two people in line behind us, cut and moved up to the front to go through the "wand experience". Ok that was all fine and dandy, we were going to get our turn too......NOPE. Only two people per group get to go through the experience...after that you're shuffled into a gift shop. We literally waited in line for two hours to be pushed into a gift shop. When I asked one of the employees if it was possible to go through the wand choosing experience since we waited in line, she proceeded to tell me that "the same wands are in here." When I told her I really wanted to go through the choosing of a wand for me, she said "it's not a ride" and basically shoved me out the door. I was so angry that a toothless troll looking employee was rude to me over something so stupid. Other than that, it was amazing. The decor/buildings were incredibly well done. The Butterbeer was DELICIOUS!!! So all and all, a good time. Just DON'T expect standing in the Olivander's line will get you a hand chosen wand :(
As a general Harry Potter crazy person, I thought that they did an excellent job on this small section of the park. I came from Los Angeles, and I think it was totally worth it. My favorite thing here was the level of detail. There is just so much detail in every inch of Hogsmeade. I could have spent hours just taking pictures of everything I found cool. One especially cool thing - behind the bar in the Hog's Head they have all these cool looking bottles, and if you look closely you will see that one is labeled Fire Whiskey. Little things like that made this place worth it, and magical. Other favorite thing, if you're over 21 you should stop by the Hog's Head and have a Hog's Head Brew. I asked, and was told that its a microbrew made especially for the Hog's Head (you can get it at Three Broomsticks too). Its a scottish red ale. Don't forget your souvenir cup with a Hog's Head on it of course! Just so much detail. Beautiful, and amazing. Of course, I wouldn't make the trip all the way out there again unless it was drastically expanded. Also, anyone have any news on how Halloween Horror Nights will be in Hogsmeade!? I'd love to see some photos of Death Eaters and Dementors walking around in there.
Walking into this area of IoA made me so happy, that if I got struck by lightening at the entrance, I think I'd be okay with it. Really. Fortunately, my life was spared, but I teared up a little bit. Okay maybe a little more than a little bit. The creators took such great care to create this little corner of Heaven; I will eternally bow down to them. Even though the lines are insaaaane and it gets craaazy crowded, I don't care. I'm coming back here every time I go to Florida [...I don't know how often that'll be, but yenno.] I didn't go into Olivander's [no way am I waiting an hour to get into a tiny little shop], but I went into every other building open, and... asdfjasldkgj;lakdshfkldsfj words cannot express how much I fell in love. Honeydukes&Zonkos [connected] were divine. The rides were [generally] fun. Hogwarts was awe-striking. Butterbeer was... asdfjaskgjdf so delicious. I wish it were a bit bigger [and they'd find ways to make lines shorter!], but the experience was, in a word, magical. A big "Bravo" to everybody who was involved in creating this slice of Harry Potter Heaven. Bravo.
I am a HUGE huge huge Harry Potter fan. So when I found out I was going to be visiting Orlando, I knew I would have to make a trip to Islands of Adventure. While the WWoHP is completely stunning it's also... lacking. It's tiny. There's not much too it. The shops are TINY. Teeny, Teeny, Teeny tiny. We could barely move around in there because it was SO crowded. I didn't even bother with Ollivanders because that shop alone had a line outside the door! Insanity! Souveniers here are extra expensive too. Capitalism at it's best!
LOVE.IT. I wonderful escape into the world of Harry Potter.  I only wish it were bigger!  I heard rumors of an expansion...I certainly hope so! The shops, rides, and atmosphere can't be beat for a Harry Potter fan.  Does get crowded as the day progresses, especially in the small shops so stop by as early as possible!
Spent an entire day here over Thanksgiving and had a great time.  I agree with everyone else about the Forbidden Journey ride - it rocks.  This entire section of the theme park rocks, actually. If you're trying to decide between the butterbeer and the pumpkin juice, go with the frozen butterbeer.  I'm pretty sure the pumpkin juice is just apple cider with orange food coloring.
My best friend and I went to Orlando with one must-see on our attractions list: Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  And it did not disappoint.  We got to Islands of Adventure at opening time and made a beeline for WWOHP.  Instantly you feel like you've stepped through a portkey into Hogsmeade: the buildings, shops, even the cobblestoned streets feel like an entirely different world from the rest of the park.  The details here are incredible, and like the "hidden Mickeys" at Disney World, are fun to find and pick out.  (Take a careful listen when you visit the Hogsmeade bathrooms, and be on the lookout for amusing takes on "employees only" signs!) Everyone who loves the Harry Potter world, from little kids to adults, will adore this place.  From the Hogwarts Express at the front to Hagrid's Hut to all the nuances inside Hogwarts and the Harry Potter Experience, this section of IoA is magical.  You can't go into most of the stores in Hogsmeade, but Honeydukes, Zonko's, and the Owl Post are great fun.  Don't be intimidated by the line outside of Ollivander's wand shop: the small, intimate wand-selection show is low-key but shows that you don't need a lot of bells and whistles to make some magic. Make sure to stop into the Three Broomsticks and pick up a flagon of butterbeer: it tastes delicious and refreshing.  The Owl Post has all of the Harry Potter apparel for sale, from t-shirts to full Hogwarts robes, ties, and sweaters.  There were many young Gryffindors running through the street with their new robes and wands. While I was there, the Dragon Challenge roller coaster was down for repairs, but I didn't miss it much with the extremely detailed Harry Potter experience.  A great ride has new and interesting things for you to see as you're waiting in their very long line, and this was the pinnacle of that element.  You walk through Dumbledore's office, the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, and Gryffindor Common Room before boarding a half-roller coaster, half-3D adventure that will surely be the future of theme park rides. I can't imagine someone having a bad time in WWOHP, apart from the long lines that may occur, just because the place is so awesome.
LOVED it! I don't want to repeat what everyone else said but this place is so charming it made me as giddy as muggle getting to be a wizard for a day!
We visited on a Monday and it was already packed by opening. It was quite funny to see that nearly all the early birds were dashing through the other themed worlds to reach Hogsmead. It truly looks like the Hogsmead from the movies, and its so brilliant to see in person! I cannot wait to return. You must ride all the ride especially the Forbidden Journey.
You cannot go wrong!!  If you are a fan, this place will blow your mind.  If  not, you're still going to appreciate it. It gets very crowded very quickly, so make this your first stop as soon as you enter the park.  If you can arrive right when the park opens, you'll be best off.  There will be lines for the rides, shops, and eateries.  Hop in the lines first and take your pictures later! Don't forget to get in line for food before you are actually hungry or you'll end up mad grumpy. Universal left nothing out on this one.  Even the bathrooms have Moaning Myrtle's voice pumped in.  Too cute!  All the lines are worth it.  Promise.
frozen butter beer is a must! you will feel like you are at hogwarts and definitely go on the forbidden journey ride!
try both versions of the Butterbeer! Go into the ladies room to hear a crying girl...seriously!!
The moment I walked into the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, I was greeted by an environment that was immersive, detailed, beautiful and while I was not a Harry Potter fan, I instantly wanted to become one.   If you enjoy theme parks, it doesn't get better than this.
This place is as magical as it gets. If you're any sort of fan of Harry Potter, you won't be disappointed for a moment. The shops in Hogsmeade are crooked and irregular. Hogwarts is dark and mysterious. The Three Broomsticks has fantastic food, and the Hog's Head has brews on tap. In a word, it's perfect.
It was everything I thought it would be. They did a spectacular job recreating the Harry Potter world into real life. I spent quite some time just taking it all in and trying to appreciate all the fine details. What surprised me was how far we had to walk to get there. It must have been a 10-minute walk through Dr. Seuss before entering the park. Get there early!! Once the crowds make their way in, it's difficult to get photos of yourself in key hot spots such as in front of Hogwarts express. My only disappointment was how they underestimated the crowds when they built this place. You couldn't even walk through Honeydukes or Zonkos because it was literally gridlocked with people. I also noticed a huge line to go in Olivander's, so I decided to skip it. If this is important to you, go there first. The Three Broomsticks was fun, even if the food is just meh. The main attraction, Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, was awesome. I would walk through the line into the castle even if you're not intending on riding the ride. It's so worth it to see inside Howarts!
Best amusement ride in Orlando. Go to the singles line as it has a short wait vs the standard huge line.
EVERY HP FANATIC'S DREAM COME TRUE, LITERALLY!  When I found out I was going to Orlando,  I knew it was a must to come to Universal JUST FOR THIS!  I'm telling you, I never knew I could be so excited to go to a theme park!  Once we stepped foot into Universal, my boyfriend and I spedwalked to the back of the park where this AMAZING FEAT was located!  And my oh my was I just fascinated, overwhelmed, and in shock of how realistic everything was.  I literally felt like I was a character in the movie.  I could not stop smiling or get rid of this bubbly feeling I had in my stomach.  Just typing this up is making me bubble up inside.   We only had a day there so our main priority was Harry Potter World!  We went on all the rides there first, and then got souvenirs and what not after.  The first ride?  The Forbidden Journey of course!  Let me tell you, this ride was THE BEST RIDE I'VE EVERRRR RIDDEN and my boyfriend also agreed.  It was just such a surreal experience and can be quite frightening for younger kids or people who get really creeped out by deatheaters and dragons right in your face!  That ride really was the greatest experience ever!  We also went on the twin dragons, which is really twisty and turny so a warning to those of you that get dizzy easily.  But really, no ride in the entire theme park could compare to the Forbidden Journey.  It was just that astonishing. Besides the rides, there are quite a few special shops including Ollivander's, the candy shop, and trick store.  And don't forget the Butter Beer!  We got both the frozen and soda, and the soda was a lot sweeter!  Just a warning, these souvenirs are VERY expensive!  And when you're in an euphoric mood, you'll buy everything you want and not worry about the price because you're just THAT happy!  My boyfriend and I easily spent over $300 on souvenirs (mostly for others).  But really, these items are veryyy overpriced!  But I don't mind it since  I had such a great time.  But beware to all the budget conscious people, the park is smart in placing souvenirs strategically in a gift shop right when you get out of the Forbidden Journey ride, and flabberghasted at how incredible the ride was.  It'll make you want to buy ERRRRRTHANGGGG! Other than that, I had the most enchanting time at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter!  I can't wait to come back for more!
Okay.. I've only become a Harry Potter fan in the past year or two only.. but this was somewhere we just HAD to stop by... mainly because we wanted souvenirs (okay.. I wanted souvenirs)... Although they had some stuff at the Universal CityWalk... we saw this really nice Gryffindor scarf at the back of the counter (they had a different, more general one at this store).. and we asked about it... and at first, the lady said they should be on the shelves.. but when we looked again and couldn't find it, she asked her manager... and he said it was sold inside the park only.. we were a bit disappointed... so we ended up returning it.. and planning just to check out the airport & see what they had there.. when we left.... We ended up going into the park on Thanksgiving & had a good time walking around.. The only problem was.... that the lines are SOOOOO long.. :( and it was super busy in this area.... The line for the butterbeer was super long... and unless I knew it was worth it to try.. I wasn't planning on waiting... xP Overall.. I had a great time here. :)
Extremely authentic looking Hogwarts and Hogsmead village. Really loved all the details. Very cute choir show, with 'students' singing and acting the parts according to their houses- with giant frogs in hand. Had a 90 minute wait for the main Harry Potter ride through the castle, but it was worth it. The downside truly was the locker system you have to put your loose things in. We came right before Xmas, knowing better, and this part of the park was insanely crowded. It's a must see if you are a Harry Potter fan, but try to go in the off season if you can.
My dreams of magic came true the day I visited Islands of Adventure! Like many visitors, I am a big Harry Potter nerd and absolutely fell in love with this place! The theming was perfect - I felt like I really was in Hogsmeade and Hogwarts! I do have to say that it's not that big, and it does get crazy during the peak tourist seasons, but luckily it wasn't too bad for us when we visited. We really enjoyed our butterbeers (both soda and frozen forms) from the Hog's Head. Our bartender was really nice and informed us that AAA members get a discount while shopping in the park. That definitely helped considering we did all our Florida-trip-souvenir shopping there anyway. Throughout the shops there are plenty of friendly workers in wizarding robes to help you. I rode on all the rides (except for the Hungarian Horntail side in Dragon Challenge) and my favorite one was Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey. I was SO excited walking through the ride's queue because it takes you through all the rooms/classrooms/offices of Hogwarts. The decoration is perfect and we were especially impressed by the talking picture frames! The ride itself is like nothing I've been on before - a mix of simulation and actual settings I was both thrilled and terrified (Dementors and giant spiders are a no-no!). The Wizarding World was beyond well done and I cannot wait til it comes to Universal Studios Hollywood!
This was our first time in Orlando and I was especially excited about going to Universal to see the new Harry Potter area. When we got to the park right at opening, we rushed into the line for the ride, it was still about a 40min wait but it seemed to move fairly quickly, also the area was shaded a bit and there were fans that misted water on us. The ride itself was AMAZING and very realistic, although, it does leave you a little dizzy and disoriented during and after. We later decided to grab lunch at the three broomsticks, which was pretty good and not too expensive. The entire portion of this parked looked like a life like replica of the village in the movie. My favorite part was the butter beer of course! This ride is WORTH the wait either way but if you can go right at opening!
Loved it! Drank the butterbear, at at the Leaky Cauldron, visited Honeydukes for some treats and waited in line to visit Ollivander's.  My youngest daughter was selected for the demonstration and received her wand...of course you have to pay for it on the way out.  :)   We took the time to do the slow tour of Hogwards castle so we could listen to the paintings and to Dumbledore.  Some of these things were rushed while waiting in line for the ride.  It is worth returning for the slow walk through the castle.  There is no line and you can view the set at your leisure.
I'm a bit clueless when it comes to Harry Potter.  I'm one of the few who have not seen all the films, and no I have never turned a page to of any JK Rowling's best sellers.  That does not mean I can't take in the atmosphere and appreciate what Universal has done by transforming this section of the park to a Wizarding wonderland. When you make your way to the back of Islands of Adventure and you turn the corner and get a glimpse of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter you gaze in awe.  This storybook setting is quite "magical".  The castle sits high upon the hill overlooking the shops and restaurant. Once you make your way into the village you notice how much detail was put into creating this wizard world.  You will also see how dang crowded it is.  I've been by a number of times and it is always full of people; didn't matter what time of day or time of year.  Though there was one visit that was magical.  Our family decided to take a trip to the park in the rain and that was the only time there were no crowds; the rain even added to the atmosphere. Even if the waits for the rides aren't much, the crowds are still there wandering. As you weave your way around the throngs of people, try and take in all the clever details.  Every time I visit I spend most my time looking and at the scenery.   One of my favorite spots is following the Dragon Challenge line and looking out below the crowds.  Take the walk up the queue even if you aren't going on the coaster. You'll get to see great views of the castle, and you can stroll by the Weasley's car and Hagrid's Hut. I recommend visiting the Wizarding World of Harry Potter at night. It's quite magical in the evening, and by then the line for Butter Beer will be doable.  If you can stay at one of the Universal hotels it would be worth it just to have the opportunity to visit the Wizarding World of Harry Potter an hour before the gate opens for the rest of the Muggles. I may complain about the crowds, but they don't keep me away from this Wizarding World that I can magically become a part of.
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review 6/31 I dragged HC to IOA just so I could go to the WWOHP!  I was awestruck by how great everything looked.  It matched the movies perfectly!  I loved the different shop windows and cracked up at the Puking mannequin in the Zonko's window.  The owls in the Owl Post window were so cute and I even saw a quill moving by itself in one of the other shop windows.  I noticed the shops were really small, but I never went inside any of them to actually see the interiors.   There were three rides in this area.  HC and I rode all three and we both agreed that Forbidden Journey was the best.  The Hippogriff roller coaster would have been better if it went around more than once.  The Dragon coaster was great and I thought it was a good ride, although, it took a little longer than expected to get on to the ride, so we had to pay for our locker, even though we were only a few minutes late.   The butterbeer (frozen) was great and I wanted to try the pumpkin juice, but didn't have a chance to get one.   I've heard that US is making an expansion to the WWOHP, so I'll definitely be back in the future to check that out!
Hear me out. I love harry potter just as much as all of you, but this place was a let down for me. You can see everything in just a few hours. I will admit that the buildings are beautiful (great photo ops) but that's the highlight. Basically a small area, way too crowded, and expensive merchandise you could have bought online. Once the new part opens I hope it will be better.
I loved all of the Harry Potter books, and enjoyed the movies as well, so this was a wonderful treat! But I will have to warn you, the ride inside of Hogwarts is surprisingly scary! Giant spiders! Dementors! It's really intense so I don't know if I would recommend it for little kids. It was doubly scary for me because the ride stopped when a Dementor was right in front of my face.... not a fun place to be without my wand...
Very, very, very crowded, but worth ever penny!  SO FREAKING COOL.  This is a do not miss attraction! And try the butterbeer.  Wayyyyy better than I'd have guessed!
WOOHOOO! thats how i feel when i go here!!! Its just like being in the movie hahaha... i have an annual pass so i get to go as much as i wish hehe.. everywhere is worth going atleast once..even olivanders, but Olivanders is only worth gonig to once..the line to go in is just way to long and its the same thing each time... butter beer, you have to do it..its actually pretty good. IT is a MUST DO thing in Orlando!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE.   The only drawback to this park is how busy it is.  What an amazing experience to step into your favorite book/movie world in person!  I absolutely adored The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, and I can't wait to go back!
I was eagerly anticipating my visit to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter and I was, for the most part, pleasantly contented by the trip.  I was lucky to have the early hour admission to Islands of Adventure because I was staying at the Portofino Bay hotel.  This really helped in cutting back wait times and on overcrowding annoyances.  Even by 9:30, the wait time for the Forbidden Journey ride was building, and the village itself became very crowded and hard to get around.  The stores were impossibly crowded after that first hour. That being said, the recreation of Hogsmeade and Hogwarts is exactly as I had imagined when reading the books.  It's true to scale, and definitely transports you into the books and movies.  As a result of its human scale, the crowding factor can be difficult. The Forbidden Journey is a great, amazing, intense ride.  The first part of the ride is actually the line itself.  After placing your belongings in free lockers, you head into the Hogwarts castle.  You walk through Professor Sprout's greenhouse, Dumbledore's office, a Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom (where you see Harry, Ron and Hermione beneath the Invisibility Cloak).  You see the Sorting Hat, the Fat Lady, and many moving and talking photos.  It's all great fun.  The ride itself is wonderful.  You sit in a seat with a harness over your head...you feel like you're flying.  Your feet don't touch the ground.  You definitely can't miss this ride. The Flight of the Hippogriff is very short and not a must-do, but it's fun to see Buckbeak and you do get a quick thrill and good view.  I really enjoyed the cold Butterbeer, although I'd recommend sharing, as it is very sweet, and I liked my chocolate frog that I purchased in Honeydukes.  Another fun fact is that Moaning Myrtle can be heard in the bathrooms - so definitely stop in! I loved being able to visit Harry on this level.  It's great for any fan.
I've read only the first book. Saw the movie before the current one (only).  Yet when my friend, his friends and I came here I was very thrilled to see the exhibit. It is a few acres according to my friend about 22 acres. In this section, they sell a drink called butter beer, a name from the movie.   It was good but too sweet for me.
Words cannot describe... how utterly IMPRESSED and AMAZED and EXCITED I was when first walking into Harry Potter. My 23 year old self felt 5 again. IF you want to do it right, get a package that offers early admission into Islands of Adventure, we went in early (8 am) both days we were at Islands and we rode the forbidden journey 5x, waited a max of 30 minutes TOTAL of all 5x. Rode dragon challenge 4x, waited maybe 10 minutes max for all 4 times. You get my point. Go early, get it all done. Then come back again later in the day for more butterbeer and people watching. We did it all, even Olivanders Wand Shop - we waited the most for that because it was one of the last things on our list and we went during prime time on a friday. BUT still worth it, every little thing is worth it. There is a line for butterbeer at the carts, my advice is to go to hogs head pub and order it there, get out of the sun and there wasn't a line at all. Eat at three broomsticks, its on the expensive side but its a refreshingly different, and harry potter themed menu compared to all the other restaurant park menus (fries, chicken, blah blah). We had the roast potatoes and corn and chicken, it was yummy!! Take in the smells, have lots of butterbeer, suspend your beliefs and enjoy!! I wish I never had to leave :( I hope and pray they expand it. I can just imagine all the possibilities.
Amazing!! You can tell that Universal put a lot of work and money into this portion of the park. Everything looks so real and even waiting on line for the Forbidden Journey was entertaining. And the ride is definitely worth the wait It was disappointing to learn that Butter Beer wasn't actually butter-flavored beer, but it was still delicious!
My son is a HUGE Harry Potter fan so of coursse when they opened we had to see.  I must say that I was truly amazed! The kids were just in awe!!! They loved the Hogwarths express. The detail that went into this part of the park is just amazing! The employees are just so helpful. Basically it's like you are walking through a scene in the movie.  I mean everywhere you looked had so many details. The butter beer was so good! They have frozen and unfrozen.  I prefered frozen.  You have a choice of a souvenir cup as well.  They also make beer if you prefer it.  You can either get it at stand right outside Broomstick restaurant or inside.  Now they also have people taking your orders as long as you pay cash. If you are planning on getting a wand that is picked by a wandkeeper at Ollivanders. BEWARE the lines don't ever seem to get shorter for that! You can go next door to Owl Post and get wands or now they have them at stands as well.   Each of the stores are filled with detail that I was just tuly AMAZED by. Honeydukes has all types of candy.  Frog legs, spit up candy, you name it and somehow they've got it.  They have chocolate wands and candy apples as well.  They have the Three Broomsticks serving up food. The rides I really enjoyed and loved.  They have Dragon Challenge which used to be deuling dragons.  Love roller coasters so of course love it. Of course you must meet height requiremtent so all kids won't be able to ride. Flight of Hippogriff is a smaller roller coaster that can be enjoyed by all ages. Kids loved it. We alwasy ride more than once. Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey was a truly AMAZING ride!  They don't allow any bags so if you have bags must put them in a locker.  If you could take a camera while walking through castle so many photos you can take.  Again the detail was just awesome! The ride may be a little much for smaller kids.  As you have death eaters and huge spiders. The ride was great! Love it feels like you are flying.
My brains were about to "expelliarmus" after dealing with all the people that were here when we went. Could barely even move, plus it was raining for most of the time. But hey, what can you do. Was really cool to see the world of Harry Potter. Definitely try the Butterbeer and Pumpkin Juice if you go, as both are awesome, especially the Butterbeer. Everything was ridiculously expensive, as expected, but worth the trip.
Admittedly, I have only become a Harry Potter fan within the past 2-ish yrs. Unlike my sister and my best friend who have been HP nerds since the very beginning (and have also read every book/ own all the films...I won't mention their ages). To all you nerds out there, I guess I'm a bit of a muggle bandwagon-er. I was practically forced to watch movies 1-7 on girls' nights and during one very long ice storm in Dallas, where there was literally nothing to do for 4 days but watch TV. Sooo....after reluctantly and painfully getting thru the first 3 films, something clicked, and all of a sudden I was a fan. I don't know if it was the intro music, which is very magical and commanding, maybe it was the Knight Bus, or perhaps it was the nostalgia of wishing I could attend Hogwarts and eat all that delicious food in the Great Hall (um, where can I get a house elf?). But from that moment, I was hooked. It was like.... magic!   My next course of action would be to visit Harry Potter's magical land of adventure and childhood wonder! Upon stepping onto the Hogsmeade grounds, you're magically transported into Harry's world....the music, the architecture, everything on a smaller scale but sooo authentic!  AND THE BUTTER BEER!!! OH the butter beer! HEAVEN IN MY MOUTH!!! Old fashioned cream soda with a butterscotch whipped cream on top and a souvenir mug for only a few dollars more! To those of you wondering, it is non alcoholic, but a nice shot of whiskey or spiced rum would definitely take it up a notch;-) Oh and Honeydukes....I was like a kid in a candy store! Literally. Every flavor jelly beans, chocolate frogs, just like the movies! And Zonkos...it looked exactly the same too, but of course on a smaller scale. The food at the Three Broomsticks was disappointing, so save your money there and spend it on the Pumpkin Fizz (it is the shiz) and the Hogshead Brewery beer (yes, it's alcoholic)! The Quidditch ride inside Hogwarts is by far the best in the park! But get there early bc the lines fill up fast!!! And strolling thru Hogwarts on your way to the ride is also a treat! I was expecting this Wizarding World to be a lot bigger than it was. I'd really like to see an expansion with more attractions and interactive scenes from the film (ie the Whomping Willow, a ride in the Weasley's flying car or even a ride on the Hogwart's Express?)  But still, worth every minute and every penny. To this day, I don't know if I'm a Hufflepuff or a Gryffindor. So for now I guess I'm just a very satisfied GryffinPuff?
The Wizard World of Harry Potter was a trip i tell you what. I cam here with my cousins from Australia & my older brother. This place was pack when i came and i believe it was the first week of opening. Kids were going crazy buying all sorts of Harry Potter merchandise. My cousins bought $180.00 worth of Wands that only gave them about 5 all together. Crazy them they were to spend some much money with that. I told them i could of made some out of chopsticks for free when we got home. Haha LMAO!!! Anyways i had some Butter Beer which was something new, didn't have any alcohol like i thought i was going to have. GRRRR!!! After that we ended up into the castle for a ride and waited about a good hour for that, ended up getting stuck on the ride for 10 minutes. But overall it was a fun day for all. MMM yeah definitely check it out, its a trip i tell you. :)
Being a big Harry Potter fan, I give this place 2 thumbs up!!!!! Just got back from Spring Break Vacationing here and it was amazing! Sure, it was a little bit crowded and the lines were long but it's all part of the experience. The butter beer was AMAZING! I personally liked the chilled rather than the frozen. (one is slushy form and the other is pop form). The pumpkin juice was good too so try those two drinks! The Forbidden Journey was CRAZY, probably the best ride I have riden. Try to get there fairly early because the wait becomes pretty ridiculous in the middle of the day. We only waited 10 minutes the first time and 20-30 minutes the second time we went on it. The architecture was amazing and looked like the castles and buildings in the movie. The overall atmosphere made you feel like you were in the movie! Even the people working the rides and stuff were in character which I also liked! The lines were moving fast? The only thing that took forever was the line to see the show in Olivander's wand shop but a lot of people thought you had to wait in this line to get into the wand shop when really it was just the next door over.. it was like the owl something shop. I was able to pay for my stuff right away and didn't have to wait in line. The longest wait I had was for the butter beer which took about 20 minutes The wands were $30 and the scarves the same, robes were $100, stuff was a bit overpriced but hey, it's harry potter!
if there was any reason i wish i didn't move out of Florida State it's this place. I LOVE IT HERE, IS THIS REAL LIFE?!?!?!?!? go in your lifetime, definitely. i'll be back after the expansion! :D
I almost cried when I saw the entrance to Hogsmeade. Spent 5 hours in WWoHP alone and it wasn't from waiting on lines. We took out time looking at details and corners and absorbing the environment. Minimum lines(went in September) The rides were great.  The The Forbidden Journey was awesome, even though I had my eyes closes during parts of the ride. The walk through to the ride was great. You got to see replicas from the movie. The best part was knocking of Professors Snape's Door!!!!   Bring money. Everywhere you turned that was something to buy or I really really wanted.  A wand was a must. I would actually go back in the summer to see WWoHP at night.
Flew from California to Florida just for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter and the journey was sooooo worth it!!!!   It seriously is like stepping from reality into the movie itself.  Extremely well done and magically executed.  If you are a Harry Potter fan this is the place to be!   MUSTS: Butterbeer!!!! (Drink what you can while you can) Olivander's Hogwart's Castle Three Broomsticks Dragon Challenge
I went to Universal Orlando for the first time this past September. It was pretty freaking cool even though I have never read or even watch any of the film series at all. For those who wants to see how the land looks like, I have recorded a FULL HD STEADY walking Tour of the whole Wizarding World of Harry Pottter (or you can type Steady walking tour of Harry Potter on YouTube) from the entrance all the way to the exit of the Forbidden Journey ride. youtube.com/watch?v=J36S… After reading reviews online on how good Butterbeer is, I decided to order myself one. It costs 3.50 for a regular butterbeer. It tasted good at first. Tasted like rootbeer to whip cream. the Whip cream was a little too fatten. I even recorded the full buying experience of butterbear below: youtube.com/watch?v=y5_O… As for the ride itself, I would have to say the technology was pretty impressive. The ride uses a robotic arm to move riders through the entire length of the ride. WARNING, for those prone to motion sickness, be aware that you will get a extremely   nausea. I rode the ride back to back, and boy did I get sick, if the ride was to go on any longer I would have puked. Overall, it was a good ride. My wish there were more phyiscal props instead of relying on projection dome.
Love this place. They did a great job creating the world that Harry & Company lived in.  I had visited the studios and actual sets in Leavesden outside of London and have seen the props at Warner Brothers in LA and that was all phenomenal, but here you get to be a part of the story through rides and shows and even the food and snack carts.  I bet Disney is kicking themselves for not buying Harry Potter when they were offered it.  It's an important shot in the arm for Universal Studios Florida.
Everything is so in theme and character! Butter beer, Olivanders, the rides, the music, and the people. This is a must see. It makes you wish there really was a separate complete theme park for us Harry Potter "appreciators".
There are only 3 rides in this section, but the rides were great and the area of this theme park were done really well to copy the theme of Harry Potter. I enjoyed the atmosphere, the stores, the unique foods. Any fan would love this portion of the theme park. I wasn't even a big Harry Potter fan until I came here. now Im back at home and watching the rest of the movies that I missed and reading the books!
I read the Harry Potter series, and I have seen all of the movies. I am considered a huge Harry Potter fan, but I'm rating this park a 4 because of the lines that I had to wait in, just to get into this section of Universal Studios. I went the first week of January of 2011, and it was extremely busy. I asked the workers if it was always busy, and he basically said it was always busy... they apparently do not have a slow season for this place. I had to wait in line (an hour and half) to go into the gift shops! Besides the busy part, this place was surreal. The architects matched this place to the movie, and it actually made you feel like you were a part of Hogsmeade and Hogwarts. It's worth it to wait in line to visit Ollivander's Wand Shop. You get to meet him and see how closely they matched the wand shop to the movie. The wands are $30! However, I bought one because I couldn't help myself. You must try the Butter Beer, about $10 w/ souvenir mug and $6 without it! It was tasty! The candy shop is always a plus! I bought the silly jelly beans and it was either tasty or tasted like "crap". It was fun trying it out though. I spent about 4 hours in this section of the park....due to the long lines. (practically over half of my day) Although the lines were dreadful, long, overwhelming, and crazy, I still enjoyed the place and it made me feel like a little girl having her book and dream come to life!
Visit in the 'off' season and upon park opening. Do NOT miss this area of the park! Transports you right into Hogwarts. Skip the outside Butterbeer cart- the Hogs Head Bar in the Three Broomsticks Restaurant  sells butterbeer in there ;) No lines & AC :)
Walking into Harry Potter's world in real life was something I never thought would happen. That all changed when I came here. The authentic representations of the buildings in the movies was spot on and absolutely fascinating! My favorite moments while in this portion of Islands of Adventure were trying Butter Beer for the first time, and walking in to Ollivander's Wand Shop. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was how expensive the food was. I highly recommend visiting the Wizarding World of Harry Potter to anyone who is a fan of the books/movies, and for those that aren't...check it out anyways, you won't be disappointed!
I have to admit that I'm not a major Harry Potter fan but even still, I found this place to be fascinating.  There's quite a lot of detail that went into constructing the mock town and castle.  Peering inside the shop windows, one can find various weird items which I presume are from the books. As expected of a major attraction, there are crowds of people everywhere and he lines are long.  It was raining heavily when I went and the weather did seem to match the snowy atmosphere of the town. I was tempted to purchase a notebook as a souvenir but alas, the papers were blank.  Wands seem to be a hot commodity though as workers brought in armloads at a time to refill their shelves.
My kids and I are big fans of the books and had high hopes for this theme park, but the crowds made our experience completely miserable. I did my research... we expected it to be crowded, we even followed all the suggestions of staying on property and getting in at 8:00am, etc, etc, but all that did was get us on the Forbidden Journey ride in less than an hour. Once we were out, we hit Flight of the Hippogriff (super fun), and then came the thousands of people filling every nook and cranny of available space. We tried to hit the shops, but you can't even see the product on the shelves due to people spilling out of various rides and attractions. We decided to cut out and come back at lunchtime, but guess what? It was even MORE crowded. This is the point at which my 11 year old shut down and asked to go back to the hotel. My 9 year old was adamant about getting some items and so we literally had to push, shove and fight our way through a swirling, tightly-packed mass of people for the privilege of paying $63 for a journal, a letter writing set and some thing she can't even remember now. It was the very picture of insanity. We have a two day pass, but to be honest, I don't know if we're going back. Please don't think we are one of those families that complain about everything. We never do. "Find the fun," is a family motto. But I felt compelled to let others know about the shocking crowds. All the positive things people mention are true: Hogsmeade looks great, the shops are filled with exciting things and the Hogwarts castle looks wonderful; but unless your entire family is immune to sardine-packed living, think long and carefully before you expelliarmus a few thousand bucks and three days of time off in this theme park. ---update--- We went back later that night (7:30 PM) and the crowds had cleared to a reasonable size. We could actually see all the amazing details in the shop windows and displays, and expereincing Hogwarts and Hogsmeade lit up in the dark was worth the price of admission. The line for Butterbeer only took a few minutes and we could actually walk freely in the tiny shops. BOTTOM LINE: Go early for the rides and late for the shops. It really is a picturesque, fun experience when there is room to breath.
Neat part of the park. I made the mistake of getting on the Harry Potter ride though. It's a great ride if you don't get motion sickness. Don't go on it if you do. My sons loved it, I spent an hour recovering. My own fault.
Booked a package deal with Universal Orlando just so we could go visit the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Very happy that we did. Our first stop was breakfast at the Three Broomsticks. This gained us access to the park and into Hogsmead an hour early. Breakfast was delicious! After breakfast we decided to wander through the area looking at all the little shops along the way. I wasn't impressed with Honeydukes or Zonkos. I expected more to be honest. These were two of the biggest busiest stores in the book/movie and they downsized a LOT at Universal. After wandering about we sampled some butterbear and pumpkin juice, both were very tasty and gave me a sense of actually being a part of the story. Next stop, the Hippogriff roller coaster where you walk through Hagrids house and the pumpkin patch before boarding. The rollercoaster was a small one but fun just the same, My 5 year old loved it! From here we stopped at Hogwarts Castle. Can you say FANTASTIC?! This ride was absolutely the best in the area, it really made you feel a part of the action. After all of this we walked over to Olivanders wand shop but the line was outrageous so we skipped it :( I'll have to hit that next time to get the whole experience. From what I hear its worth the wait. The final stop on our Harry Potter excursion was the Dragon Challenge (formerly the Dueling Dragons). This is a dual rollercoaster where the two trains come within inches of each other! Very thrilling, I was scared to get on but extremely happy when I got off. You can pick which train you want to board and they designed the theme around the tri-wizard cup tournament. Overall i was very impressed with the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Would love to go back!
Honestly, I could write pages and pages and pages and pages about this place. It was my childhood dream come true. The decor is beauty, the setting is beautiful, the atmosphere is amazing, everything is so authentic! and come on, this is coming from a muggle (non-magic folk) Some tips: 1. Pay the extra for the early admission tickets so you can beat the crowd 2. Expect to be amazed because from the moment you step into the WWOHP You will be 3. Bring a AAA CARD! YOU SAVE SO MUCH! We pulled it out every 5 seconds honestly because you could use it everywhere 4. Buy the Bertie Botts in Bulk and not by the $9.95 package because you'll save alot! 5. If you plan on spending more than one day here get the refillable butterbeer mug, its worth the price! 6. AS MUCH AS I LOVE HARRY POTTER do not buy toys from Zonko's, they break easily and are basically like re-packaged Toy's R Us toys oh...and 7. HAVE FUN!!!!! This will be an unforgettable trip!
Awesome place for any HP fan! Go early to beat the heat and crowds
All I will say is amazing! And, don't forget to try the "Butter Beer", a true treat!
The wizarding world if harry potter is my favorite place on earth. I am a big fan of harry potter and I love how they did hogsmade, Hogwarts. The rides are amazing. The shops are great. I love this theme park.
My husband & I made a special trip to Orlando to visit the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, following reading all of the books & watching all of the movies. We absolutely LOVED it! We got to the park right when it opened at 9 & went straight to Wizarding World, so as to beat long lines.     We waited for Ollivander's wand show first (about 20 min).  The demonstration was so entertaining & I loved the effects & audience involvement. The wands for purchase are a little expensive ($31) but would be a great gift for a kid.  After that, we went to Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey. The line takes you through Hogwarts, complete with talking portraits, dumbledore's office, DADA classroom, Gryffndor common room, herbology, etc. The ride was a simulator, and although it made me feel slightly nauseas, the special effects were really cool & realistic. We ended up waiting about 45 min for the hippogriff roller coaster & probably wouldn't do that again, as it is more of a kids ride.  We were able to sit first row on the Dragon coaster though & this one was fun & thrilling.     We had lunch at 3 Broomsticks. I had ham & pea soup & side salad. My husband had rotisserie chicken, grilled corn & roasted potatoes. We were both happy to have some healthy options since most theme parks are all french fries & burgers. All the more reason to splurge on some candy at honeydukes & we shared a butter beer!    Overall, the lines weren't too bad since we went in the off-season (March 1)! Will definitely be coming back again once they open Diagon Alley & Hogwarts Express ride (Fall 2013!!)
I recently took my little cousins to "The Wizarding World of Harry Potter," a section of Universal Studios, "Islands of Adventure," as a favor to my aunt.  I love amusement parks in the sense of thrilling rides and delicious junk food but hate crowds and long waits!  I was bracing myself for a tiresome and congested day.  To my surprise we got the opposite! I was amazed at the authenticity of the attraction!  It is comprised of two main parts, Hogsmeade village and Hogwarts Castle.  There are three rides including two roller coasters "The Dragon Challenge," which is a large steel racing style roller coaster and "Flight of the Hippogriff," which is a smaller coaster targeted for younger patrons.  I loved the steel coaster, it was full of loops and twists!  The third ride was my favorite in the entire park!  "The Forbidden Journey," a 4D adventure ride takes the passenger through a thrilling quittage match with Harry, Hermione, and Ron while encountering dragons, spiders, and other dark forces along the way! This line had the longest wait but it was worth every minute! There are plenty of shops to visit in the Hogsmeade portion of the park.  A warning to parents the merchandise is expensive.  We waited half an hour to visit Ollivanders Wand Shop.  My cousins purchased a wand for $30.00, two fleece blankets for $20.00 each, chocolate frogs for $10.00 each, Jelly Beans for $10.00 each, a gryfinndor scarf for $30.00, a gyrfinndor hat for $22.00, and a time turner necklace for $50.00. We had a fantastic lunch at "Hogshead Pub."  I enjoyed a microbrew, Hogshead ale which was similar to a Yeungling or Killians with a sharper scottish flavor.  Our last purchase of the trip was butter beer.  It can be ordered both cold and frozen, both are delicious!
The new Wizarding World of Harry Potter is amazing!  I am not a huge Harry Potter fan, but I did enjoy the movies.  However, seeing this island come to life is simply incredible. For this island at Islands of Adventure, I highly suggest visiting later in the afternoon after 5 PM.  Most of the crowd lets up after 5 PM.  In the morning, everyone wants to go to WWoHP, so it is extremely busy.  Hit later in the afternoon for fewer crowds.
I think I'm still high on butterbeer.  I had 3 of the frozen ones in about a day and a half maybe.  They were very addictive and just great.  I can't imagine the liquid version - we think it would be very sweet, but the frozen version is just perfect.  Also, the butterscotch creme on top - yummmmy!  The frozen one in the plastic cup is $4.25 and we thought that was very fair, especially being inside the park.  The souvenir mug is around $11 so we never did get that (we just had 3 in the plastic cup lol and 3 at $12.75 was a much greater appeal than 1 at $11)!  I'm not big on souvenir cups anyway - they just take up space! The park is great.  We got some really great pictures.  We by no means went in peak season and it was still fairly crowded, so I can imagine that in the summer it would be extremely packed!!   I'm glad we went in the off-season as we were able to venture into Honeydukes and Ollivander's without much wait. Between the shops, the rides and the shows on the street, any HP fan should have a great time here.  The books do come to life and I was very giddy every time we made our way through the WW of HP.  I am a huge HP fan and the husband is a moderate one and we both enjoyed our time.  Ride everything but get to the Forbidden Journey ride first!  There is no express pass for the ride and while the wait is bearable with great scenery - it can get long!
This exhibit/area is lots of fun. Definitely get some butterbeer with the foam. Also, the Three Broomsticks serves decent food for cafeteria style. Had the meat pasties and it was pretty good. Be warned, it is the most popular part of the park right now, so be prepared for a crowd. A must for any Harry Potter fan.
Definitely worth a visit, regardless whether you're a Harry Potter fan, and get ready to be amazed by the magical world of HP. I was very pleased by how realistic they tried to make the theme park to be. It is always cool to have the opportunity to "live" in your childhood fantasy. Diagon Alley - The newest extension which is much larger, more crowded, but also boosts a greater selection of shops. Ollivanders now sells an interactive wand that uses Infra-red technology at specific spots where you can wave your wand and perform "magic". The sensor technology is not the best, and sometimes it takes you more than a couple of tries to get it right... but hey, who said Magic was easy? Hogsmede - Much smaller in comparison to Diagon Alley, but I preferred the architecture more, especially the majestic view of the Hogwarts castle in snowy winter. Hogwarts Express - The best and coolest train ride I've been on. Unfortunately, I only took it one way (Diagon Alley to hogsmede). I'd definitely love to take it both ways and experience the difference! Both the harry potter rides (escape from gringotts + forbidden journey) are pretty similar in that it uses lots of simulation. Escape from gringotts definitely has a more roller coaster feel to it, while forbidden journey is more immersive simulation. Both are really good though! Escape from Gringotts is much newer, so the wait times are ridiculously long. When I was there, the wait time was 90 minutes, only to have the ride break down while we were still in line (apparently it happens pretty often). After about 60 minutes wait, we were given special express passes to come back later when they reopened the ride. Not bad, I guess. The pass was valid for one time use at either of the two harry potter rides, the hogwarts express, or the minions ride. We ended up using it for the forbidden journey despite the wait time being only 20min. Don't forget to check out Honeydukes to get some every flavor beans. They really do make it every flavor, mind you! Like all things in Universal Studios, it is definitely pretty commercialized. But hey, I have a wand now. How cool is that?
This qualifies as my favorite theme park of all time because I am the biggest Harry Potter fan anywhere. If you aren't a Potterhead, you probably won't enjoy it as much. We spent all day here. We didn't even check out the rest of the Islands of Adventure! I just frolicked through the streets squealing and crying like a 5 year old. My mom wasn't even embarrassed because she was excited too. And no one cared. It was awesome. It was SO crowded. But there's nothing you can do about that. Just seeing the stories come alive and being surrounded by other fans was an unforgettable experience. The shops were perfect, the rides were fantastic, the food was good. Everything about it, I loved. I was completely willing to pay high prices for souveniers and food, and it was so worth it. I can't wait to go back!
I'd like to direct you to a wonderful blogger and friend. Adayawaytravel is well written, insightful and just fun to read. Lots of good tips! adayawaytravel.wordpress…
It truly is an incredible experience! Everything is so well done and extremely detailed. From being able to eat Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans in Honeydukes to drinking Butterbeer at the Three Broomsticks to riding with Harry through Hogwarts Castle in the Forbidden Journey ride its incredible! As someone who grew up with Harry Potter it is great to see that it is not just for kids. There is plenty for kids to do but also for adults including the Hog's Head Brew beer at the Hog's Head and the Dragon Challenge roller Coaster. In fact I saw more adults than kids there. My one gripe is that I wanted more but Universal Studios has answered that as they are currently building a Diagon Alley add-on at the Orlando Wizarding World. I will be back for that in 2014 when it opens. But in the meantime, I highly recommend the current version of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
Hoochie Mama! Throw me a bra! The frozen butterbeer is so damn good my nipples we're hard! Nothnig like subtlety to mark a point.
This reignited my inner fangirl for Harry Potter! I went on a weekday, in October, and it was still very crowded! Easily the most popular section of Islands of Adventure. Pros: -Great replica of Hogsmeade shops, though some are just store-front windows with locked doors. I have seen Bert's every flavor beans and chocolate frogs in NYC (think it was Dylan's Candy Shop) so not every confection was novel to me, but the chocolate frogs ($10) at Honeyduke's were bigger than the ones I previously encountered. -Lots of product selection including Quibbler, Monster Book of Monsters, Sneakoscope, etc. -Castle ride was cool, long line, but was not too bad. Cons: -Products were very cheap looking for the price. Nevertheless, I got the Hogwarts Stamp & Wax kit ($20) b/c hey, it's a memory right? I would say the product offerings are much more expansive than anything you can find online, even the WB shop. HINT: They even have products behind the counter that are not displayed like the Deathly Hallows necklace, which I wouldn't even know was available if my friend's sister did not ask for it. (Apparently they sell out incredibly fast) -Very crowded in the stores! I am not sure why the stores are so small, or perhaps they appear small b/c of the large crowds. I was squeezing between many people, the upside is, everyone there were clearly fans and were happy to be there so I luckily did not encounter anyone rude. -Pumpkin Juice...when reading the ingredients, is mostly apple juice, a bunch of additives, with pumpkin puree. It also contained Sodium Benzoate, which is something I'm trying to avoid consuming since it makes me feel sick. Wish it was actually pumpkin juice. Tidbits: -The Three Broomsticks is cool and if you look around closely, there are details including shadows of a dancing broomstick upstairs. The food was good, nothing extraordinary. -The Butterbeer is (as my friend described it) "diabetes in a cup." They must put a pound of sugar in it, it was incredibly sweet! It is more like a dessert than a beverage, so just a bit of a warning! I still enjoyed it though, but I wish it was less thick. All in all, a fun experience! If I lived closer I might pop in everyday, Universal Studios is expanding HP World, so I look forward to coming back! After going to Harry Potter world, I found myself rereading the 5th book and anticipating J.K. Rowling finishing the HP Encyclopedia!
If you are a POTTHEAD like me... this is your place. I love Harry Potter and even have the entire outfit to be a wizard... HUFFLEPUFF!!!  So my husband took me here and it was great. I really got to ride all the rides - YAY FOR FAST PASS. Except for the Hogwarts ride. You have to wait in line... but I got the early admission pass so I got there an hour before they open and got in line.   Diagon Alley is better than Hogmeade HOGMEADE SECTION: HOGWARTS Ride: Meh... kinda got dizzy. DRAGON ride: SO fun if you love coasters. There are two sides - Chinese fire dragon and the Romanian dragon!   small coaster ride: that was fun! SHORT. but fun! Not worth if you have to wait in line for more than 15 min.   Three Broomsticks: Eat there! I love the English breakfast.   BUTTERBEER: You must have butterbeer, Buy the cup and reuse it. I brought it back from my last trip and just refilled. DELICIOUS. Get FROZEN butterbeer.   SHOPPING: Tons of shopping to do... DIAGON ALLEY SECTION: Grinwott's Ride: THE BEST. So much fun! I didn't even get dizzy for this one. The bank is GORGEOUS. PHOTO OPS: So many photo ops!!! OVERALL: I love Harry Potter
If it's one of those busy days of the years, try to get there first thing! When we entered the park, a lady with a sign pointed us to the long way. When asked, she said that HP world was so popular they sometimes have to shut down incoming traffic. Hence, they try to direct people to the long way. My sister and I exchanged glances, and made our way to HP world (the fast way), as quickly as possible. It's definitely not enough for a full day, but it will take a good half of your day. We got there around 9:30 and, next thing we knew, it was already 3PM!! My sister and I were so bouncy and happy- we were like kids just discovering everything all over again, excited over each item. Rides are all very fun- the hippogriff ride is the tamest, lasting probably less than 30 seconds. We got lucky because it was shut down and as soon as we saw it was up, we ran. We only waited about 10 minutes, but don't waste your time on it if the wait is longer than 20 minutes. The Dragon's Challenge was fun- I thought I'd hate it but my sister told me to keep my eyes open the entire ride and I'd be fine. She was right and I walked out, on slightly wobbling legs, happy and excited. The Forbidden Journey ride is by far the best, and probably also has the longest wait. I'll review it separately at its own page but THIS is the ride to go to, if you've only got time for one. Shops were fewer than I expected, with mostly items that I thought were overpriced for their tacky designs. YOU CAN FIND MOST OF THE POPULAR ITEMS AT A TRADING POST CLOSER TO THE ENTRANCE, if it's too crowded in HP world. I honestly don't recall the name of the store, but it's before you branch out at the lake and has items from all over the park, and some items not found anywhere else, INCLUDING Hermione's Yule dress ($325 OMG), Snape's (shortened at the knee), Dumbledore's & Voldemort's outfits. Zonkos was the most disappointing, with little that I was interested in. Because they can't do any of the actual magical items, they mostly have vintage-looking items and jokes. They do have U-No-Poo!!! My sister got one for her friend. Zonkos is connected to Honeydukes, which has chocolate frogs ($10 WTF). Sister said it was a block of chocolate, but did get a card of Salazar Slytherin, which really didn't move (boo- maybe an error? IDK). The novelty of it is awesome, though. I bought some sugar quills- apparently, if you dip the tips into water, they'll actually write a little bit! Awesome! I wanted to get some Sherbet lemons, but they looked kinda gross and artificial. Go to Ollivander's for a short performance of the wand choosing the wizard. It's 10 minutes long, and only go if you're willing to entertain the recreation of the movie scene with one lucky boy or girl. Once finished, you are redirected to Dervish and Banges has all the wands and a few awesome items. I really liked the glass cups, so I got one for myself. They sell robes for $110 and cardigans for $90, AND your house's wax & seal! Outside of Dervish and Banges is the Owl Post, where you can get your post card or envelope stamped with Hogsmeades' Owl Post stamp. You can also send it from here, but only if you've got stamps. If you don't, I'd recommend getting it stamped and mailing it later. Filch's Emporium of Confiscated Goods is also great and has the most clothing apparel. Marauder's map and Ministry of Magic items can be found here, along with numerous other things. Sister got a scarf and a nicely designed Potter Quidditch shirt. Overall, I had an amazing time there. Despite it being expensive, I expected it to be and was prepared to spend money. I don't regret it at all, and I'm so happy to have been at HP world. PS: Bathroom is also efficiently managed. One worker is there at all times to direct women to open stalls and restock where necessary. I felt bad for her pulling this shift. Should've at least tipped her? Anyways, too late for that. You! You who is actually reading all this and are about to go in- consider tipping her. Three Broomstick's review here: yelp.com/biz/three-broom…
So magical. I may have cried. More than once. We came to the oddity that is the state of Florida for the sole purpose of attending the WWoHP, and the park did not disappoint. It actually completely exceeded my wildest dreams. We bought the two-park pass since we were only able to come to the park for one full day and wanted to see both Hogsmeade and Diagon Alley. I think I would have been disappointed if I had flown to Orlando and had only been able to see Hogsmeade, since there is no way you could spend a whole day here, but with the addition of Diagon Alley, this place is a must-visit for any Potter nut. This is kind of unrelated, but we were able to get amazing flight-and-hotel combo deals on Kayak, making it easy for us to choose the two-park pass, which is not cheap. We began at Diagon Alley - I'd actually recommend doing it in opposite order because Hogsmeade is kind of a let-down after Diagon Alley. Hogsmeade feels like a great representation of the world of HP. Diagon Alley feels like the real thing. I walked in to Diagon Alley for the first time and just stood there for a full five minutes, misty-eyed, as a full-sized dragon breathed fire above me from the roof of Gringotts, children summoned spells from fountains with wands around me, elves advertised delicious eats at the Leaky Cauldron, and butterbeer flowed. So magical. The Weasley Wheezes shop and Honeydukes werre straight out of the movies. I can't wait to watch the movies again to see all the places I've now visited. I was pleasantly surprised at the way this park is run as well. The food was legitimately delicious British fare, and wasn't even that expensive. I shared a $20 ploughman's plate for two, which was substantial and featured several delicious British cheeses, Scotch eggs, pickles, and rounds of freshly baked bread. And everyone working in this section of the park is in full dress and character and are up for making this a fantastic representation of the books and movies. It is truly an immersive experience. The Hogwarts Express connects the two parks and is worth the trip. It's a real train and is set up to feel like you are really heading to school. I also loved both the Gringotts bank ride and the Hogwarts ride. Both had wait times of around an hour but we bypassed the lines by going in the single-rider line, which moves way faster and we ended up getting to ride with each other half the time anyway. You get to see various things along the way if you wait in the main lines but you can just ask for a separate free tour to get to see the same stuff. Free lockers were quick, painless, and easy. The Hogwarts ride was my fave because you get to fly around the Quidditch pitch. Dream come true. Loved it. Hope they keep expanding. Can't wait to go back.
Okay Muggles, I mean Yelpers! This is my review of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. There are 3 rides here, but if you don't want to waste your time, go to Harry Potter & The Forbidden Journey first. There were no lines when I got there, so I rode it more than 10 times until I got so sick of it. I don't want to spoil everything by telling you what's inside the castle, but let's just say that I was really impressed. The ride was super fun and there were even times that I felt like I  was flying through the air with Harry Potter. You get to see familiar characters from the movies like the scary Dementors, The Whomping Willow Trees, Dumbledore, The Sorting Hat, Norbit the Dragon and more. I really enjoyed it and probably the best ride in the park. The second ride that I tried was the Dragon Challenge. Now I didn't really like this ride because i don't really like roller coasters that are too intense. However if you are a thrill seeker, you'll probably enjoy this one. Now for the kiddy ride, there is the Flight of the Hippogriff. Now if you've seen the movie or read the book, the Hippogriff is the horse eagle hybrid animal that flies. But it was strange because the ride was extremely short possibly less than 60 seconds. Even so, It was still amusing and you'll even see Hagrid's house nearby which is cool. Now as far as shopping and places to eat. I tried the Butter Beer that some dude was selling on the streets of Hogmeade. Now Butter Beer is the drink that they mentioned in the book that gets house elves fully drunk. Sorry to disappoint you, but there's no alcohol in it.  It's actually just butterscotch flavored drink. It was a little too sweet for my taste and it's probably high in fat and calories, so I didn't finish it. I did eat at Hog's Head and enjoyed that. They serve alcohol here and have the best tasting corn! I also tried a Pumpkin Juice which is quite good. You also get a 10% discount at the restaurants if you show them your Triple AAA Card. As far as buying stuff and souvenirs, I recommend going to Dervish and Banges. This is where I got my fabulous Gryffindor scarf and Hogswart's Journal. This is also where Ollivander's Wand Shop is located. If you choose to wait in line for 45 minutes or longer, you can experience the magic show here which I thought was kinda lame. They only let about 20 people inside the wand shop at a time. I was like what? I waited in line for 45 minutes for this? Skip it and go to the store, buy your stuff and then go have fun at the rides! :)                              "Yelpio  Expecto Patronum!"                                       /                                /. \                 .         . ===.    \\' .' \|      //o-o\\    \\,  \ \__\\ __//_'/ /\\.;    \\._           _,/'  \\        |  HP   |        \\        |          |       `        |          |        |          |        |___ _|       =='  '==     Harry Potter
This place is a feast for the eyes!  I have never watched or read Harry Potter, but I was amazed and almost (just almost) wanted to read it just so I could further appreciate all that is going on here. The rides were a lot of fun- although the lines are ridiculously long, they are worth the wait.  Eating everywhere was good, and the butte rbeer is the BEST!!!! I have a sweet tooth, and it totally hit the spot! :)
I love the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. I'm a guy and I have trouble using that four letter word especially around my girlfriend but when you come across something as amazing as this place is, well, it'll have me using the word love more than Ewan McGregor in Moulin Rouge. The cool kids would call this park within in the park "legit." From the J.K. Rowling approved Butterbeer to the little screaming Mandrake plant in one of the shop windows, this park is a Harry Potter fan's dream come true. You might hear everyone raving about Butterbeer and thats because its only the best drink ever. Its creamy and delicious, like a dessert in a cup but much smoother. If mixing creme soda, shortbread, butterscotch, and heavy cream on top sounds good to you then you should already be packing your bags for Orlando. But there's more to the park than just Butterbeer. The rides, wow! I can't say enough about Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey. Not only do you get a chance to walk through recreated bits of Hogwarts castle while you wait but the ride itself is legitimately spooky, exciting, and amazing. The highest praise I can bestow upon this ride is that it blows anything that Disneyworld has out of the water. I would know, I went to Disneyworld the next day. It said it would take 70 minutes to ride it when we went first thing in the morning but it ended up taking maybe 30-40 minutes. We even got a chance to ride it twice! Also, I have to say the free lockers feature at Islands of Adventure is amazing. Not only can you keep your stuff in a locker for the duration of the ride, but its easy and efficient with Wizards and Witches directing us Muggles the whole time in their possibly fake British accents. The Dragon Challenge ride was also spectacular and even if it is remodeled from an existing coaster. The near misses as you ride against the other dragon were a thrill and after riding both the Chinese Fireball and the Hungarian Horn Tail, I have to say the Chinese Fireball was way more thrilling and not only because I'm Chinese (it was confirmed by the staff.) Make sure you wait for the front of the ride which itself was a mere 10 minute wait. Even the shops are fun and new with details that would make any Harry Potter fan a little misty eyed and how magical the whole place is. Couple that with a mug of the most amazing drink in Frozen Butterbeer and you have my new favorite amusement park. The best way I can endorse this place is to tell you that I made Camellia C. an instant fan of Harry Potter. Before our trip, like a crazed Harry Potter fan, I tried to bombard her with HP audiobooks and films to get her caught up but to no avail. Still, with her calling things BeerButter and thinking You-Know-Who was called Valdimare, she walked away in utter amazement and is now converted Harry Potter fanatic. It's rumored that Universal plans to expand the Wizarding World of Harry Potter and the park could definitely use the expansion. I'll definitely be back once they do expand! Tip: You can get a lot of the souvenirs (Chocolate Frogs, Wands, etc.) in the Universal Shop on the boardwalk (and the shop at the airport) so that could save you some time instead of braving the immensely long lines. However, you cannot get things like Butterbeer and Pumpkin Juice outside the park so stock up.
We sort of stumbled onto this area of Universal Studios while we were searching for the Harry Potter sorcerers ride. We boarded the Harry Potter train in really didn't know where we were going. While the train actually moved you to a different area of the park, the ride itself was entertaining and fun. Young kids certainly will enjoy this more. The train is much less a thrill ride then a true means of transportation. Once in the world of Harry Potter we enjoyed some butter beer and looking around was lots of fun. Be sure to visit this area of the park.
I could spend the entire day here and be happy!!!!  I love how they re-did the Fire & Ice rollercoasters to fit the HP theme.....I LOVE the Pumpkin Juice and Butter Beer!!  WELL worth the waits in the line!!!  My family and I already have plans to make a day of it so that we can dine at The Three Broomsticks, experience the inside of Olivander's, and just have a bigger blast.  PHENOMENAL!!!!
Definitely not to be missed if you're at Islands of Adventure. All of the decorations are really cool, and the buildings are need to look at. Be sure to get some butter beer. I like the frozen kind best. The pumpkin juice is also very good and all natural. This part of the park is fairly contained, so as long as the lines aren't crazy, you should have time to explore the other parts as well.
I am a big Harry Potter fan, & I did attend the park the morning of the Grand Opening & crowds filled every little corner. Anyone not a Harry Potter fan would not find all that waiting in line worth it. But for someone like me it was definitely worth all those hours in line to get in to the area and the lines for the 3 rides and the 4-5 big stores. The park designers paid a lot of attention to detail and it was a very beautiful world they created. The snow capped village of Hogsmeade looks straight out of the movie and the castle of Hogwarts is indeed a big spectacle. If you are attending this summer it will probably be filled with people and I highly suggest getting a vacation package with Universal that allows you to get in an hour earlier. Buying the Universal Express is no use here in this part of Island of Adventure as none of the rides support it. That's not a bad thing at all since all 3 rides have lots to see while in line (maybe not so much the Flight of the Hippogriff) The Forbidden Journey is the best theme park ride I've been on compared to Disney and Universal theme parks. It's located inside the Hogwarts castle. The line winding through the castle takes you through various rooms with talking portraits. Some characters make appearances through very impressive projection technology to interact with you. The ride itself is 4 mins long & takes you through the Hogwarts grounds, the Forbbiden Forest, quidditich pitch. There are 4 people per ride & is a very fast paced ride, expect to come out feeling dizzy. It's a mixture of motion simulation and large sets (think the E.T ride). For an in depth description, Wikipedia it. But the first time I rode it, I came out completely awestruck at the technology, the seamless transitions between motion screens and "real life", how they managed to make a big fan like myself satisified with the "story" of the ride. But you could also consider the part walking through the castle as part of the ride as well, certainly entertaining enough with fake snow falling on you at one point as well. The Dragon Challenge ride is the exact same coaster as Duelling Dragons was in the Lost Continent in IoA. But it's still definitely worth a look for the fact that you walk through Triwizard Tournament set pieces such as signs supporting the school champions, the triwizard cup, goblet of fire and the great hall. The Flight of the Hippogriff is a "kiddie" coaster, except it does go at a considerable pace, and definitely worth a go at simply for the view of the castle. It's pretty easy to hold (tightly) on to a camera while on this ride. You also get to glimpse Hagrid's Hut and Buckbeak here. Now the novelty drinks, the two big ones are Pumpkin Juice and Butterbeer. Pumpkin Juice is just like it sounds, some describe it as drinking pumpkin pie. It's available bottled or at the Three Broomsticks. The bottle costs $6, but cheaper in plastic cups inside the Three Broomsticks. Butterbeer comes in two versions, the "normal" one on tap and a frozen version. The main consensus was the frozen trumps the regular (it's got a slushee texture to it) and both come with a whipped cream like froth they pour on to it. It tastes like a sweet cream soda and very sugary. Expect a sugar rush. They can be bought with a souvenir plastic mug for close to $10.  The Hogs Head also brews its own amber-ish beer, it's not amazing but drinkable.   I had breakfast and a lunch at the Three Broomsticks and both "Exceeded Expectations" for their quality and cost effective-ness considering it's theme park food. I have pictures for both meals, I tried the Traditional English Breakfast which had a little bit of everything. Consisted of "Black Pudding" whose taste I was not a big fan of, but everything else in the picture tasted like it looks, no real themed food here (Honeydukes is the place for that). The lunch/dinner I had was a roasted chicken, kind of like what you would expect to find at a Medieval Times restaurant, the desserts I tried were both very tasty as well (Deep dish apple pie and Chocolate berry triffle).  The Three Broomsticks is the largest building in the park outside the castle. It's bigger than it appears in the movies, and has a lot of attention to décor all the way up to the high cathedral like ceiling. Keep looking around as you dine as they have wall projections of pots and pans flying around, house elves and owls. There is a patio area too, but seating indoors is what I would recommend. Ollivanders is the 2nd best thing about the park. I won't get into much detail here, there is a character playing Ollivander that helps a lucky guest choose his/her wand. The whole "wand choosing you" is decided by your birthday, there are 12 wands to choose from in addition to the 8 or so character wands. But the "Birthday wands" are only available at this store whilst the character wands can be bought from certain WB shops. WWoHP is every fans dream come true!
Amazing.  We did not want to leave and stayed as long as we could.  Security told us nicely that it was time to go.  It was that awesome.
I came here on opening weekend and it was amazing!!! Best thing to do though is stay at 1 of the Universal Hotels that way you can in line and can enter the park before everyone else does.. The rides are great the shops are authentic and the butter beer is perfection...  I think I had like 5 glasses, I tend to like the original better then the iced one its less watered down and just yummy goodness.. I might move to Orlando later in the year and If I do I can def see me coming here often....
Just like being in the movie it self! Being here is like going to another dimension, everything is worth a penny, suited for all ages. A must to go and see..no perfect word to describe...going back..
My best friend and I basically flew to Florida from California just so we could go here. I was so excited when I saw the Hogsmeade sign. I'm actually in The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. My life is complete. Zonkos: They have extendable ears. Small store though and super cramped because everyones pushing to get through. Dervish and Banges: The Quidditch store. I really wanted a scarf and a robe, but it's so expensive here. I WANTED EVERYTHING. Honey Dukes: This store is filled with sweets including the chocolate frog, Bertie Bott's Every Flavour-Beans, and more. There are three rides here: Ollivanders: Not really a ride, but an interactive show. We waited 1 hr and 30 minutes to get into the store. Basically they let about 20 people in at a time, and they choose one person to get their wand just like the movies. The shop looks exactly like Ollivanders in the movie. EXACTLY. It's so detailed. Ollivander chooses a wand and gives the boy to test out until he has the perfect wand. Remember guys, the wand chooses the wizard. :) After the show, you get to go into a store where you can actually purchase wands. My best friend and I took pictures with every single character's wand. They also have custom wands based on your birthday. In the end, I got Hermione's wand and my best friend bought Snape's. 30 dollars for a wand. Dragon Challenge: For this ride, there are two dragons you can choose from. The Hungarian Horntail (blue) or the Chinese Fireball (oOOOoohhh, i'm citing the movie) (red). The Chinese Fireball is more intense, so I chose the Hungarian Horntail. Usually I don't like rollercoasters that twist and loop, but I'll go on it cause it's Harry Potter. It wasn't bad. Flight of the Hippogriff: A normal rollercoaster. Not too fast, great for children. The ride ended in like 2 minutes. Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey: AMAZINGGGGG. I've never seen anything like this before. As you enter through the castle, you are able to explore the corridors of Hogwarts. You get to visit Dumbledore's office, Gryffindor Common Room, Defense Against the Dark Arts Classroom. Talking pictures on walls, holograms of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Dumbledore, statues, the sorting hat, and more. There is also a garden outside that is filled with Mandrakes. After about 1 hour of waiting, we finally get on the ride. There is a large screen projected in front of you and you soar into Hogwarts with Harry Potter and others as you face dementors, magical creatures, and more. You're basically flying because the ride itself twists and turns and water and wind is thrown at you. However, you can get dizzy after this ride. My friend and I were dizzy 20 minutes after we got off, but it was well worth it. DON'T GO ON THIS RIDE IF YOU GET EASILY NAUSEOUS. One of a kind experience. I didn't want to leave. One of the best days of my life ever. By the way, don't bring any muggles here cause they won't understand this magical world. Say Harry Potter sucks and I might have to Avada Kedavra you.
Amazing! Really. I was very sad that Diagon Alley had not opened (we booked the trip before the truth of Universal's definition of "Summer 2014" was realized)... but Hogsmeade was awesome sauce! The castle with Forbidden Journey in it, the re-named Dragon Challenge, the carts with butterbeer and wands, all the little shops I loved from the books, the fake snow on top of said shops, the choir singing... the joy of being around fellow geeks. This took me to my happy place. I don't think there was any point in the day where I wasn't smiling.
I have to confess, I'm not a huge Harry Potter fan ::cascade of boos:: but I am a HUGE fan of Universal Studios so I had to check out their latest amusement creation.  And I gotta tell you, Wizarding World was more fun than I expected, outside of the ridiculous crowd!  Entry to WWofHP was metered, you had to get a paper pass to even enter the area.  But oh so cool, as you walked in you could see the castle above, the Hogswarts gargoyles guarding the entrance and the Hogwarts Express in front... The village is really entertaining with all sorts of stores and the frost covered roofs look really cool except for the fact that it's 80 degrees outside.  One thing you can't miss is the lines, we're talking an hour to get into the stores and 90 minutes for the Harry Potter ride, ugh.  But thankfully the wait is a lot of fun, as usual Universal Studios does a great job of making the line flow and there's lots of familiar HP decor to look at.  Talking paintings, potted baby plants, Harry, Hermoine and Ron on a balcony, Dumbledore in his office, you name it!  Like I said, I'm not a huge fan so I don't know all the names from the book...   The ride itself is a blast, similar to the Simpsons ride but you're in a row of four seats, side-by-side.  You get swept through a quidditch match, get harassed by death-eaters and in general, get flung around like crazy!  Yah, it's a bit more aggressive than some other rides so hold off on lunch until afterwards.   So in the end, I am a fan of WWofHP and I'm sure they'll be building more out here over time.  Whether you're fan or not, it's worth the effort but save yourself the time and energy and make sure to visit on an off-peak period!  And yeah, the butterbeer did rock...
This was the highlight of my vacation. As a Potterhead, I was so excited to go to Hogsmeade, Hogwarts, and Diagon Alley. This did not disappoint one bit. If you have the chance to go to both IoA and UF, take it. You cannot see both Hogsmeade & Diagon Alley without having a ticket to both parks. But totally worth it if you're a little nerdy like me. AND YOU GET TO RIDE THE HOGWARTS EXPRESS. Hogsmeade -  There are more HP rides here than in Diagon Alley. The wait times weren't too bad either if you go in the wee hours of the day. The actual school of Hogwarts is also in the area and you get to walk through the corridors and just doing that was entertaining. Don't be surprised if you see people wearing Hogwarts cloaks in 95+ degree weather. I was so excited that I asked a few of them to take a picture with me. Diagon Alley - Universal's newest addition. It caught my attention more than Hogsmeade I must say. Walking through it, I felt like a Hogwarts student shopping for my school supplies. But note that Diagon Alley only has the Escape from Gringotts ride. Since it's the newest ride, you may be in for a 2hr wait. If you can, definitely check out all the stores. You can even do a currency exchange at the Gringotts Bank! They'll take the US dollar and convert it to the Gringotts currency and you can use it anywhere in the park. Don't forget to go to Weasleys' Wizards Wheezes. It'll probably be super crowded and you'll get sick of all the body heat, but it's totally worth it. Everyone here is really in character here. Gringotts was our last ride and it was closing time already. While walking out of Diagon Alley, there were some witches from Knockturn Alley lurking, staring, and following. While some may think it's a bit weird, I thought it only added to the magic of the Harry Potter World. If you plan on going here, you're in for an experience. This place is truly magical. Oh, and don't forget to pick up some ice cream at Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour in Diagon Alley nom nom nom.
This must be what heaven is like! Okay maybe not, but this is what MY heaven would be like. As a long time Harry Potter fan I could not be happier about everything in this park. From every detail to every decoration I thought it was phenomenal. I only wish that it was bigger and that the gift shops were bigger as well. There are so many shops in Universal that were bigger than Harry Potter Land's shops which didn't make any sense. Harry Potter land itself has made Florida the most visited state this past year and has literally increased the tourism rate by  A MILLION! go HP and I solemnly swear I am up to no good.
This part of the park is amazing!!! There's no way to describe being able to look up at Hogwarts castle. It's like I've died and gone to Harry Potter heaven. I would recommend hitting Hogsmeade before Diagon Alley. But be sure to ride the train both ways to see different scenery. The detail inside the castle is amazing. Since I had recently broken my leg and foot I was wheel chair bound and the staff was very accommodating!! You can purchase a interactive wand at ollivanders and use it in both parks to perform spells at different areas. There's a butter beer cart slinging frozen and regular. Honeydukes has all the candies from the books and movies. They even have a case with cauldron cakes by the register! The three broomsticks has a very similar menu to the leaky cauldron. It's the same layout when purchasing food as well. Wit in line, pay, take a number and food comes to you, or perhaps food will be given to you on a tray. Then they find a seat for you. Look around at all the details inside the restaurant. There's various timed things that move. To the far of the restaurant is the hog head pub. Here you can buy beer and if you're friendly, the bar keeps will get the hog head to move for you.
So much fun! Ride was amazing! Butter beer was delicious. Lines are long though.
This place is awesome! I originally came here when it first opened back in June of 2010. Back then, I came during opening weekend so lines for anything were 2+ for shops and 4+ for Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride. Thankfully there are now no lines for shops and anywhere from a 15 min to hour wait for the ride. On this trip in 2014, I lucked out again since the Diagon Alley section was just opened to the public in July of this summer. I bought the park-to-park pass so I could ride the Hogwarts Express from Hogsmede (Islands of Adventure) to the other park (Diagon Alley/London). Try Butterbeer fresh from the cart, buy an interactive wand from Ollivander's or eat at the Three Broomsticks. Lockers are offered for free for the roller coasters (for the duration of your ride). The shortest times to ride are early in the am or after 8P (all the hotel buses have picked up their guests). I was there all day and had a blast!
i hate to be the bearer of bad news but ive read the books and seen the movies and was so happy to be here i lost a few drops of pee when i walked in! but thats where it stopped. it looks beautiful and the music is fun but the lines are crazy! 2 hours per ride? and hour for a butter beer? i wanted to love this more then anything in the world but couldnt. the stores were tiny crowded and over priced. you can actually buy express tickets to skip the lines for an extra 100 bucks each but i thought that could start a class war so i didnt buy one or four.wtf?really? the main ride at hogwarts was over quickly and everyone i went with got sick immidiately:/  it was horrible. the real parts of the ride were great but the video parts were horrible. the best part of the part is you can drink booze to deal with it. meh,i have truly experienced better.
Unbelievable. Better yet as Vizzini, from the movie Princess Bride would say, "INCONCEIVABLE!" LOL!! I cannot describe the feeling when we boarded the train from Hogsmeade to go to Diagonal Alley. Overwhelmingly beautiful! Universal got this one right they made it twenty times bigger than Hogsmeade and added tons of eye candy. Interactive wands are a must if you are a Potter fan. Interactive spots are everywhere and some hidden ones that you must find on your own, too! We are definitely returning wand in hand, I am a dork, what can I say. Overall too much to take in in only two days of looking. So you must go and spend time.......you Muggles!
This place was awesome!  For Harry Potter fans of all ages, the Harry Potter world in the Universal Islands of Adventure theme park is a must-visit.  I only wish they had it at Universal Hollywood so that my husband and I didn't have to travel all the way to Florida. I was a little worried that it would be cheesy but they really did a great job making everything look like it is right out of the movies.  You have the snow covered roofs of the village of Hogsmeade, plus the Hogwarts castle, a full size train engine (with conductor) and a owl post office. The facades of the buildings in Hogsmeade are all very realistic looking and each of the windows has plenty of cool stuff to look at.  Some of them even move, like brooms that appear to be floating and a quidditch trunk that rattles and shakes as if the bludger is trying to escape. There were some really cool things in the gift shops as well.  Zonkos had movie themed toys like a "remembrall" that changes colors and also rubber extendable ears.  But they also had a variety of real working practical joke type items. Honeydukes sells butterbeer, apple cider, pumpkin juice and a variety of pastries. Also, tons of movie themed candy including chocolate frogs and Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans (yes, there really is a vomit flavored one mixed in to the variety packs).  The best part of the whole experience in my opinion was getting to go to Olivanders and pick out a wand. They bring you in a dozen or so at a time and then "Olivander" picks out a child from the group and puts on a little show to help them pick the right wand. The guy we saw was a decent actor and really committed to staying in character. I don't want to spoil anything but there are also some minor special effects that help sell it.  If you can catch the show when the line is short it is definitely worth doing; otherwise, you can go in a separate door and peruse the wands, hooded cloaks, potion bottles, etc in the store at your leisure. The wands were about $30 each, a lot to spend on a toy that doesn't really do anything but they look pretty cool (considering they are plastic) and so makes a great piece to display so you can remember all the fun you had on your trip. For the more traditional souvenir items like t-shirts and coffee cups they also have plenty of those at the gift shop in the Hogwarts castle. There are two reasons I can't give them a full five stars.  First, the food at the Three Broomsticks was bad.  Like, really awful. They also had bad service and no a/c (see separate review) and since that is basically the only place to eat in Harry Potter world that was a big minus.  Also, we really didn't get to enjoy any of the rides. I am very afraid of roller coasters but I was looking forward to the 3-D simulation ride in the castle but we weren't able to go on that one either b/c my husband's shoulders were too broad to fit in the harness.  That was a major bummer.  At least they do have a place for you to test the seat before you stand in line and also there is a separate, shorter line to do a "walking tour" of the castle without going on the ride.  Even without any actual rides, it was still a magical experience.
The Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey indoor ride? I HAVE NO WORDS. But I guess I have to, so let me continue. I have never, in my entire life, experienced a ride such as this one. And please keep in mind, I'm not a Harry Potter fan. I saw... two of the movies? I don't know, I didn't care. I didn't hate them either, but anyway, just know that I don't have a secret I-love-Harry bias here. To get to this ride, you have to walk through Hogwarts Castle and it is AMAZING. There are a billion different rooms with the coolest kind of things happening in them (I'm being vague on purpose). There's even an area where IT SNOWS ON YOU. And then the ride happens. And, I swear to God, this ride makes you feel like you're apart of the movie. Like, FLYING and junk. This was probably the coolest ride I've ever been on in my life, which is weird to even write. How can it be so good, you ask? Man. I don't know. The amount of effort that went into it? It's incredible, this is the ONLY ride you must go on if you're at this park. And considering how great this ride was, I can't imagine how amazing the Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringotts one will be when it opens later this summer. The Dragon Challenge roller coaster was the first ride of our day and it was great, but honestly I can't remember many details because of how blown my brain was from the effects of the last ride. Umm, why is butterbeer so delicious? No idea, but it is. They serve it either cold or frozen, so we got both (I preferred the cold, Tianna loved the frozen). Drink it, love it, live it.
Very cool looking but  poorly designed.   There was no flow for large crowds, the village had way to many unusable facades and all of the stores were way to small with no flow.  the check out process to buy merchandise was clunky with oddly placed registers impeded by isles.  We lucked out with no lines but felt they should have used a disney style of set up to create a better space for large crowds.  The castle was cool, it was neat to see.  The whole section of hog meade was just so poorly designed for big crowds i cant believ they signed off on this...OH, and they nickle and dime you charge you for lockers to go on the ride, feed you sub par park food.  2 chocolate frogs small jelly beans 32 bucks.    save your money for disney or go when its dead mid week, and skip the express passes.
I absolutely love this part of the park. I've been there a couple of times and it's always so magical and fun. Dragon Challenge (formally known as Dueling Dragons) is my favorite. Even waiting in line is fun because everything is so detailed and beautiful. I didn't like "Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey" though because it made me a little sick. I ate at The Three Broomsticks and it was delicious! I recommend the Stewart's pie. The inside and outside is really beautiful. Butter Beer is served there, I believe in different styles. I also bought Pumpkin Juice and drank it after I left the park, really good also. There was a section where it was the bar and it had the Hog's head. It was in the book and I'm glad they at least made some of it. If I can recall correctly, they serve draft beer there. I stopped by all the shops and found loads of awesome things true Harry Potter fans will love. There is a smoking section. The lines were super long but totally worth it. The owlery was really big and nice. I heard they extended the Harry Potter section. I think they took down The Lost City or something like that. I'll try to go soon. I went a couple of times before the Harry Potter section was even open and went a couple of times after it opened but never got to see any of the cast. I guess they keep it a complete secret because I've been there a couple of times and I never got to see them or hear about it until it is too late.
Big HP fan, like most others on here.  Yes, I expected more from this technologically, especially in this day in age when they can bring Tupac back to life, but then again, money is tight and so is acreage in Universal's theme parks, apparently.  Also, any major theme park is gonna have LINES people.  What do you expect? PROS: - Butterbeer was like a liquid Werthers Original. Delish. - Dragons rollercoaster fast and fun, barely any line (went in May, not peak of the summer) - Diagon Alley/Hogsmeade/Hogwarts architecture brought the movies to life. - Acapella frog puppet singers sweating in the heat while you act out renditions of disco songs with British accents, I commend you. - Hogwarts castle had something to see around every corner: I felt like Harry, Ron, and Hermione were talking directly to me, the moving pictures and their witty commentary were hilarious and entertaining while I waited in the 45 minute line, and the final Magical Journey ride had amazing graphics and I was bewildered beyond belief. Seriously, all their money went towards this and it paid off for sure. - The cashier at one of the gift shops (Quidditch-themed stuff?) stayed in character and said his girlfriend was a Muggle.  I like his style. - Made off with a hilarious picture from the ride and two sweet beer mugs. CONS: - No RUM in the Butterbeer for the over-21 crowd? Seriously?  I was WAITING for an alcoholic version of this. - Diagon Alley/Hogsmeade way too small and there were fake storefronts that were a tease.  They should at least make the walkway wider so you don't feel so crowded but I guess they wanted to make it as close to the books and movies as possible. - Half the wait at the Hogwarts castle was outside in the "Herbology" section but it would have been nice to see more common rooms, classrooms, etc., rather than a couple plants hanging. - Most employees weren't in character and it made me aware of the fact I was in Orlando, Florida and not somewhere outside of London. - Make ONE chair move by itself or have a COUPLE floating candles to make it seem a bit more magical.  Maybe that's asking too much. - No owls. None. Would it be that much trouble to have one owl just chilling in the "Owlery" or is it a liability or something? Seriously.  Just one owl is all I need.
I am a huge Harry Potter fan. I have pre-ordered, I have dressed up for Halloween, you can open any of the books and ask me anything... I WILL KNOW. When Book 7 was released I teared HARD when JK Rowling wrote "The dedication of this book is split seven ways: to Neil, to Jessica, to David, to Kenzie, to Di, to Anne, and to you, if you have stuck with Harry until the very end."  I took that personal. I was with Harry until the every end. This is my love. So it pains me to give this 2-star review. I went to WWOHP before the revamp of Summer 2014. Everything felt like a lie. The park was small. The real world version of Butterbeer is nothing like how it was described in the books...tasted like old cheap candy with the consistency of Elmer's glue. It cost $7 in a plastic cup...and $12 in the worst disaster of a commemorative cup I have ever laid eyes on. I wanted a sweater. I didn't get a sweater. It was $90. The only stores you could physically go into were Weasley's Wizard Wheezes and Honeydukes (both ridiculously over-priced). No Dervish and Banges, Zonko's Joke Shop, Three Broomsticks, or Hog's Head. The Hogwart's Express just sits there with a fake pile of luggage. The only magical experience was in Ollivander's but it's a very short show. Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey interactive "bench" ride was AMAZING. Going through the castle was slightly depressing. You couldn't go IN anywhere, couldn't touch anything, no nothing. I wanted to go into Dumbledore's office damnit. Where's The Gryffindor's common room? Where's the lake's giant squid? Where's the actual Goblet of Fire? Where's the Wesley house? Where's Hedwig?! I'm depressed just thinking about it. There is no magic here.
-You enter Hogsmeade with the train to the right and Butterbeer to the left. -Take a stroll through the candy shop for some Fudge Flies and Chocolate Frogs -Three Broomsticks: I went straight to the bar and ordered myself a frozen Butterbeer. It is $4.55 with tax. I was mislead by the site claiming frozen Butterbeer was $4 -The only downside I felt was the wait for Olllivanders. The entire presentation took maybe 5 minutes but the wait was 25 mins. -The Owl Post/Wand shop was PACKED. The placement of the wands is not the best because of people walking through and being unable to check out all the wands. I did however get a wand that I liked. Sirius Black :D -If you have the premium annual pass, you will get 20% merchandise and that includes wands! :D -Try on the robes and take photos. Check out the photos! -Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey is such an awesome ride and well worth the wait. Take advantage of the free lockers! The wait stated 45 minutes but the whole wait+ride was less than 30 minutes. -The Wizarding World of Harry Potter was so awesome that I had to come back here twice and get more frozen Butterbeer and wands.
Butter beer...!! I love butter beer! It tastes soo good. I love the frozen kind and the regular kind. The Harry potter village is beyond words amazing. And I love how much everything resembles the movie version. I loved the forbidden journey ride and I also really enjoyed the food hall.
ACCIO Harry Potter! Disclaimer: I'm a Harry Potter nerd. Like stand-in-line-at-midnight-when-new-book-came-out Harry Potter nerd. So for me, visiting The Wizarding World of Harry Potter was like taking a pilgrimage to Mecca -- only way frickin' cooler. First and foremost, there are a few kinda sucky things you should be aware of. Like this (I'll number 'em for you) -- 1.) Don't expect to get into WWOHP right away. You will most likely be given a timestamped ticket with a return time. After you get said ticket, do NOT go to the main entrance. Try sneaking into the other entrance. Those nice little boys let us in about 45 minutes before our time -- and I didn't even have to put an Alohomora charm on them . 2.) It's massively crowded in this place. So crowded, that you cannot move at some points and you'll be left thinking, "F, I really think they should only let people who actually READ the books inside this bitch!" You'll want to put an Avada Kedavra on some muggles -- especially if it's hot and humid. 3.) If you're only going to Universal to visit WWOHP, yeah... the rest of this park is lame. You might be bored waiting to get into what you really came for. But it's worth it. Trust me. Some tips after you get inside: 1.) Go directly to Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. You'll see. The wait is usually at least 45 minutes but will move quicker than the wait sign says. AND bring your camera into the ride!!! I didn't because I thought I'd drop it but I was SO pissed at myself for not bringing it inside. So many good photo ops inside Hogwarts!!! 2.) SKIP Ollivander's. Unless you like spending $30 on a stupid piece of wood. (Just look inside -- it looks cool. Don't do the wand choosing BS.) 3.) The best gift shop is Filch's. It's where you're let out after The Forbidden Journey. Buy stuff there when you get out. It's a pain to go back in there later and is ridiculously crowded. 4.) Eat at The Three Broomsticks. It's reasonable and the wait wasn't too bad. The food was pretty decent too. 5.) Be sure to try the butterbeer and pumpkin juice. Both were surprisingly good. Hopefully someday they'll expand on this section of the park. I'd like to see The Burrow, #12 Grimmauld Place, or maybe even Luna Lovegood's house. Possibly be able to ride on the Hogwart's Express?   Overall, as a lover of all things HP -- Universal did a really splendid job with recreating Hogsmeade and the like. It was truly a magical experience for me.
I have been there for three days in a row and never get tired of it. The addition of Harry Potter world for geeks like myself and other fans of rides was the best thing universal has done and I only hope that they keep expanding. I purchased the multi day park to park tickets for me and my girl and that's truly the only way to get the full experience of the amazingness that both worlds get to offer. I have been completely fortunate enough to have arrived at the park when it started to get slow. I heard horror stories of 3 hour waits, 5 hour waits, crowdidness in the stores...I didn't experience any of that. The first day was Friday July 18 and I went by myself, which is a really smart decision since the single riders line cuts the "wait time" by more than half! My first ride on forbidden journey has a wait time of 90 minutes, I made it onto the ride in 20 minutes, then looped back around and asked for a castle tour (completely free and always open when you ask up front) and boom- I got to experience everything the castle offered those who were waiting 90+ minutes in less than 30 minutes. I rode Hogwarts express (the train) over to universal studios from islands and it's a neat way to combined both Parks without having to leave one and walk yo the other and you arrived at King's Cross Station in "London". Greeted by muggle staff acting like you're in London, you hear a crowd of laughter near the Knight bus and it's due to the fact of the entertaining interaction of Stan and the shrunken voodoo head, always very comical. Looking for diagon alley is fun to do for yourself without asking staff where it's located because then you can get the real "ooh-ahh" experience of finally finding it and transporting yourself from London to Diagon Alley! Everything in here is truly amazing, the attention to detail, the fans dressed in cloaks, tiny witches/wizards (sometimes adults) waving their interactive wands at store windows..it truly outdid themselves but I keep wanting more from the wizarding world! I hope they add more like a quidditch pitch, forbidden dark forest, godric's hollow, and more!
I think the forbidden journey is the best theme park ride I have ever experienced. Even the wait in the castle was fairly enjoyable.
It's fantastic.  The details will blow you away.  We headed here first and the lines were not too bad - make this your first stop in the park!
The happiest girl in the world was here today - my daughter.  I am not a big Potter fan, but know a little about the stories.  Here's my 2 cents: 1.  If possible, go on Sunday and get there when the gates open.  Go directly to the Forbidden Journey ride.  The wait will be about 15 - 20 minutes.  The walk through Hogwarts was very impressive.  They had many parts from the movie in there and my daughter was mesmerized.  The ride itself is remarkable.  You literally feel like you are flying through the air with Harry Potter.  If you suffer from motion sickness (like me), you will come out a little nauseous.  But it was worth it, I think (still feeling queasy). 2.  Go on the the Hippogriff immediately outside the exit of Forbidden Journey.  The line and ride is quick.  It's okay, so if you are going to skip a ride, this would be the one for me. 3.  Go to the Dragon challenge next.  This ride is very fast and fun.  Once again, if you suffer from motion sickness, this might put you over the edge (it did for me).  But the ride is twisty and very fast moving.   If you are interested in having Butterbeer, there are a couple of places to buy them (2 are at either entrance into WWHP) and the other place is in Three Broomsticks.  You can either get the regular Butterbeer or the frozen version.  I thought both were incredibly sweet and a whole drink for me was about 3/4 of a cup to much for me.  I also preferred the frozen version better. The wait for Ollivanders is about 40 minutes.  Although the show is only 3 1/2 minutes, it is entertaining - especially when your children are picked to work with Ollivander.  Then you walk out with your children with their handpicked wands at a bargain of $34 per wand (thankfully, my kids realized it was a 5 minute toy and didn't get them).  But I would have sucked it up and bought her the wand if she wanted it. We had an early lunch (11:30am) at Three Broomsticks.  I had the fish and chips and my wife and daughter had the cornish pasty.  My sound had the radioactive sized smoked turkey leg.  The food was decent, but you are really eating there for the environment of eating in the tavern.   The key is to get there early before all the stragglers get there after 10:30am.  It get full pretty quickly, and you want to avoid them (and the afternoon showers), if possible. I can only give this place 5 stars.  When I asked my daughter (the HP fan) how she would rate it between 1 and 5 stars, she said she would give it 7 stars.
Amazing!! Without this, Universal IOA would just be okay. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter isn't that big (although it's getting bigger since they will be expanding it with Diagon Alley), but you can easily spend 4 hours here and just not want to leave because you're so happy! I thought it would be bigger from all the hype but it was still amazing. If you come here when it opens there is way less of a crowd. Definitely got busy 2-3 hours after opening. You can also come back later on around 7-8PM and lines get a lot shorter. Plus it looks different at night so I'd definitely recommend coming back at night too. All the workers walking around to help are in character! I love it. Go to Harry Potter and The Forbidden Journey first. We got to universal a little before it opened and waited at the gate and walked, very fast, past every land to get to Harry Potter. Wait was about 30 minutes but you walk through the Hogwarts castle and see cool effects so it's worth it. When we got out the wait was 45 then in the middle of the day over an hour and a half!! There are 3 rides, The Forbidden Journey (awesome), Flight of the Hippogriff (roller coaster, short ride, but good for little ones), and Dragon Challenge (faster coaster, two coasters, one red one blue). Then make sure you grab butterbeer (I would go into Hog's head pub to have it), watch a couple of the shows on stage, look at all the detailed buildings, visit Ollivanders Wand Shop. We went to Ollivanders later in the day around 7PM since the line was much shorter. Go to Honeydukes for grossly flavored jellybeans and chocolate frogs, and buy souvenirs at the shops since they only sell Harry Potter stuff in this land. Then go back on the Forbidden Journey because it was just amazing.
WWHP is tiny, cramped and uninspired.   The dragon challenge looked liked it was tacked on merely because they needed another ride.   Butter beer is nasty.  And any one who'll drop $31.00 on a twig... I mean wand... I mean twig is a fool.
This was a nice theme park attraction. I had a blast and I know my boyfriend did as well. He Loves Harry Potter so he was like a little kid again. I would def go to this theme park again if I had the chance.
This was my dream come true and I worked very hard to make it here.   I traveled from Honolulu to Orlando via Seattle where I got to do the Harry Potter Exhibition at the Pacific Science Center (pretty awesome, review to come). The WW itself is a theme park within a theme park, which we didn't expect.  The entire World can be done in half a day, in all honesty, but we didn't know that.  It consists of just 3 rides: one 3D type ride, one family friendly roller coaster (Flight of the Hippogriff), and a dual-track thrill coaster (the Dragon Challenge).  The rides were typical...what makes the special is what happens before the rides.  Even if you have NO INTENTIONS of riding, make the venture through the walkways in the Journey and the Dragon Challenge. In fact, in the Dragon Challenge, at least once, if you have the Express line passes, don't use it and take the long line because you miss all the artifacts if you go through the Express Line. This is where most of the parks secrets are.  In the Journey ride, there is a LONG walking tour through Hogwarts Castle including Dumbledore's office, the Defense Against the Dark Arts dungeon and much more. There are exits at the top if you don't intend to ride. Same with the Dragon Challenge.  They also provide FREE locker time while you're at the ride--they're SMART lockers.  They know how long you'll be on the ride and provide you just enough free time...not too much extra. In Hogsmeade, the village is made to look and feel so realistically like how it is portrayed in the books and movies. Ollivander's has the longest line so best to go early in the morning and get in line. The Three Broomsticks offers good food at reasonable prices and helpful staff.  DRINK BUTTERBEER while you're there. You'll never get it after you leave and it is delicious. The Hogwarts Express is there with a train conductor you can take pics with.  Occassionally other characters make stop ins around the park for photo ops.  I was sure after 3 days that I was going to come home with a British accent because of the different characters around the park that we'd run into.   The pictures all move, the retail fronts are authentic, and most of the employees are friendly.  We shopped at every store possible and bought lots of things from Dervish and Banges, Honeydukes (the Cauldron Cakes and $10 chocolate frogs are really popular), and Zonko's.  You can also buy postcards from the store and have it postmarked Hogwarts.   The restrooms--I just about died when I heard Moaning Myrtle in the restroom.  I was convinced that they had nailed it when I heard that finishing touch.  Everything about this visit was so true to the story.  It was just like I imagined it would be.   Cheers!
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is pretty much the only reason to visit the Universal Studios Islands of Adventure.  I am a fan of the Harry Potter books and movies, but not a fanatic in by any means.   Walking through the entrance of this area of the park, you will feel like you've stepped off the train and arrived at Hogsmeade.   We spent the majority of our time in this area of the park and tried every ride and visited every attraction offered.  Butter beer is available for sale (frozen was yummy), as are magic wands, robes, stuffed owls and other high quality souvenirs.  There are periodic shows from the Hogwarts students on the stage.  The buildings and town were just as I imagined them to be from reading the books.  While walking around you won't see or hear anything from the other parts of the park.  So much attention was paid to every last detail and it shows.   Look around for the talking pictures!  The longest line seemed to be for Ollivanders, the wand shop.   Note that bags, purses and loose articles of clothing are not allowed on most rides and they will need to be checked into lockers at each ride.  A jacket with many pockets worked well for me.  It's probably best to wait until enjoying the rides to purchase the souvenirs so that they don't need to be checked in. I'm so happy they are expanding this area with what looks to be a new ride.
Well, I must say that I have a few mixed feelings about this place at the "Island of Adventure" at Universal studios, Orlando, Fla. My family and I were so excited to spend the day in the place where we'd read about in all of the 'Harry Potter' books and movies!  My daughter and husband were "chomping at the bit" to ride the ride in Hogwart's and drink butter beer and eat at 'Three Broomsticks" restaurant!    We spent probably a total of about 500.00 for this ONE DAY trip to see our hero's Wizarding world!. It was $255.00 to get into the park for the 3 of us. It was $70.00 plus tip to get a cab from our hotel at the Disney Resorts to the "Islands of Adventure" park.  It was about 75.00 for dinner and about 45.00 for lunch and then of course for the souvenir cups with butter beer in them, it was 10.00 each cup! You do get to buy lemonade for only 99 cents all day with your cup if you buy it though. That roughly came to about $450.-$500.00!! FOR ONE DAY!! That's crazy huh? We won't be able to go anywhere for a few years at this rate!    We loved the awesomeness of walking through a very surreal looking Hogsmeade and Diagon alley streets full of people and shops. Though we were disappointed that most of the shops were just fake store fronts and not real stores that were open to look at and in. We did get to see Olivanders' wand shop, Zonko's joke shop and the treat place called "Honeydukes". We enjoyed them but from the outside mostly as it was elbow to elbow people and you couldn't look or buy anything if you wanted to! The owl post was pretty exciting and we sent a few out of town friends, a post from Hogsmeade! But we couldn't actually get inside except to stand in a very long line for about 1/2 hour or more just to buy 2 post cards and then 15.00 for some commemerative stamps because that's all they have!!     They had every little detail down to the crooked chimney's on the roof's of the store's and buildings! I was a lot disappointed that I am disabled and was unable to ride the ride through Hogwart's castle !! It was too scary and too intense for a person like me, in a wheelchair and with heart conditions and a pacemaker! I sat in line for an hour and half just to see the inside of Hogwart's castle! The workers kept on yelling at me /us to "move along" ...."keep the line going" every time I wanted to just see Dumbledore sitting at his desk, or the hologram of Harry, Ron and Hermione...or the "sorting hat"! I just had to get those pictures and see those things. I mean...they don't give tours any longer and you cannot see the inside of the castle if you don't ride the intense ride! I just went along as if I was going to ride it and then said I wasnt going to when it came to getting on it.  A nice young man in a Gryffindor robe pushed me in my wheelchair down to a spot to wait for my husband and daughter when they got off the ride through the castle!    All in all, it was an experience and Butter beer (the frozen kind...like a smoothie!!) was "to die for" and the tastiest, yummiest stuff I've ever had in my mouth!! MMMMMMMMMMMMM it was soooo good!!  I enjoyed that and I enjoyed the scenery and the good parts. But I would never spend the money to go back. It was great fun for one time, but much too expensive to waste that kind of money again. I have my memories and I think they could've done a better job as most of the stores were just fake and not real , open stores!!  But we had a wonderful day full of memories!!
Listen up wizards, muggles and mud-bloods - when Universal says the tag-line "Ride The Movies" it has usually fallen short. Not this time. This is one of the most realistic, enchanted, unreal experiences I have had at a theme park - and I hadn't even seen the movies yet!!! The two adult rides here are phenomenal. The Dueling Dragons (it will always be DD to me, I don't care what you say) is one of the best coasters around. But the star of this show is The Forbidden Journey. WHOA. Imagine the Spiderman ride on steroids. Imagine Back To The Future ride and The Mummy Returns ride had a baby, and that baby came out in the form of a gigantic mechanical arm that tosses and turns you inside out - in a good way. Scared of spiders? Don't come on this one - they freaked me out a bit. As good as the rides are though it's the attention to detail that makes this "land" such a magical place! From the Hogwarts Express to the stores in Hogsmead I really felt like I was in the movie. You see, I did things in reverse, I came to the park first, fell in love with it then saw all the movies. When I was watching them I swear I caught myself saying, "Man, I've been there!" The amazing building that is Hogwarts is mind-blowingly detailed. From the interactive paintings, to the various rooms you go through (which are identical to the movies) the queue for The Forbidden Journey is quite possibly the best one ever assembled. The expansion going on will bring a whole new land to Harry Potter located at Universal Studios. They will be connected by the Hogwarts Express. If the rumors of all the elements that will go into it are true the Harry Potter Land might be able to go head to head with top theme parks - by itself! Can't wait to go back and check out the additions / see the things I didn't catch the first time. Oh yea, and there's butter-beer.
The.  Best.  Theme park.  EVER!!!  Not only because I'm a huge Harry Potter fan, but also because it has the best atmosphere, and the best ride.  Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey really is cutting technology in the ride world, mixing a simulator with an actual moving ride, mixing video with real effects.  Not only fun but pretty scary too!  You come to face with dragons, spiders, the Whomping Willow, and dementors.  They all had me screaming, they were so realistic!  Incredible!  The first time we rode, the ride wasn't even working correctly: the sound was gone!  And it was still the best ride ever!  Luckily, the second and third time around, the sound was working and it was even better.  Expect a really long line for this ride, but we never stood in line more than an hour or so (totally worth it).  And there are so many interesting things to look at when you're in line: mandrakes, the DATDA classroom, Dumbledore's office, the Gryffindor common room.  It didn't feel like an hour. Dragon Challenge is also a really fun, fast, scary roller coaster.  You can choose from two dragons (coasters), the Chinese Fireball or the Hungarian Horntail.  I think the Fireball was the better of the two.  The  line for this is never very long. Flight of the Hippogriff was a much tamer roller coaster, but just as fun, as you get to bow to Buckbeak and ride past Hagrid's hut. One other thing about the rides: you can't take any bags or loose articles on them, but the good news is the park offers free lockers for the duration of the ride (and line) so you don't have to worry about your stuff.  You have to pay extra if you want more time in that particular locker, but don't bother!  You can just get another locker for free! The Three Broomsticks was a fun place to eat, although there could've been more vegetarian selections (see the other review for more on that).  I definitely recommend going to the Hog's Head (the bar on the other side of the Three Broomsticks) for Butterbeer instead of waiting in line at the carts. The shops were okay; I thought they could've put a little more effort into the products.  Honeydukes was the best shop.  They had chocolate frogs, sugar quills, Bertie Bott's, and more.  Zonko's was a little lame.  The only thing worth buying there was a pygmy puff, and they only came in one color.  The rest of the products were just poorly disguised, cheap muggle toys (like slinkys and rubber chickens).  Ollivander's was fun, although we didn't wait in the long line for the wand-choosing experience.  Dervish and Banges has house robes, ties, and scarves (which were WAY too expensive, $100 for a robe!  Although that didn't keep me from buying one).   There's occasional entertainment too.  A chorus of Hogwarts students with their singing frogs.  The Beauxbatons and Durmstrangs show.  The Hogwarts Express train conductor is often around for pictures.  (He did a great job, too...I was wearing my Ravenclaw robe when I went to get my picture with him, and he started to lecture me about being out of the castle grounds on a school day!) Hopefully they will someday expand this park, adding more rides and shops.  Already I'm dying to go back!
Most amazing place. Such an awesome experience and adventure. My boyfriend brought me for a surprise for my birthday. So lucky to have gotten to go there. 2 days of excellence. Gringotts is the best ride ever, hands down. Diagon alley was totally worth it!
It really is truly AMAZING! It looks right out of the book. The scaling on the castle is amazing! Be sure to GET THERE EARLY! Make sure you can ride the ride inside the castle. Try the Butterbeer (the slushy one!) and be sure to get in line for it. Everything is pretty small inside the actual park--stores, waiting areas, etc. It's part of the entire "Islands of Adventure" park and is the newest and most high-tech and makes its next door neighbor, Jurassic Park, look silly.
I. LOVE. HARRY POTTER BOOKS! So needless to say I was seriously freaking out when we were approaching the WWoHP section of Universal Studios. Lets be honest---me and the beau only went to Universal b/c of HARRY POTTER LAND!!! I was a little disappointed on the size of WWoHP. I expected it to be soooo much bigger, so I was a little let down. How did I compensate? Easy! I circled around WWoHP at least 4x, had 2 butter beers, rode on each ride at least 3x, and basically was saturated with Harry Potterness by the time we left the theme park. Olivander's wand shop was probably the most "disappointing" part for me, b/c not everyone gets the wand experience. And of course they are OBVIOUSLY going to choose some little kid to get the wand experience, but even at 26 years old with the persona of a 7 year old (when it comes to Harry Potter), I should have gotten chosen!!!! WHY MUST I BE SO OLD!!! Other than that, it was a blast. I can't wait until they finish building diagon alley!
Absolutely BRILLIANT!  We spent 5 hours just in this section of Islands of Adventure, and it was well spent....the attention to detail is magnificent, several fine rides, and the stores are almost attractions in themselves.  And if you're very, VERY lucky, when you get to Ollivander's Wand Shop, you'll be selected for a personal wand fitting--that was the highlight of our whole Orlando trip!*  Delightful touches are everywhere in Hogsmeade...Myrtle moaning in the bathrooms...the Mirror of Erised...the Fat Lady's portrait...owls lurking in the rafters...Hermione's ballgown in a shop window...the Puking Pastilles display at Zonko's...the Ford Anglia revving irritably in the Forbidden Forest...you can tell the designers really put their hearts into their work! Advice: Get there BEFORE the park opens, preferably in the off-season and with printed online tickets in hand, and make a beeline for Hogsmeade and HP Forbidden Journey IMMEDIATELY.  If you want to go to Ollivander's, do that right after (line builds up fast, but they let in folks 15 at a time).  The two coasters (Dragon Challenge and Hippogriff Flight) have pretty fast turnaround times (ie: line moves comparatively quickly).  Dragon's Challenge is the wildest ride; Hippogriff is comparatively mellow, but still fun. The handy Loot Lockers by Dragon's Challenge are FREE for 1/2 hour, but write down your number and remember what finger you used to key the lock! (Lots of people forgot on our day).  You can get a great pic of Buckbeak in front of Hagrid's hut if you ask just before boarding the coaster (you have to step to the end of the platform to get it).  DO get a meal at the "Three Broomsticks", the decor is wonderful, and the food's not bad either (I liked the smoked turkey leg), or at least a drink or Butterbeer (which is kind of butterscotch and shortbread cookie flavored, and cloyingly sweet).  You'll have a great time when you go, you lucky Muggle, you! ;-) *I don't know how they select which person to pick, but the facts in our case: we were first in line for our group, my 17-year-old was wearing a home-made Griffindor scarf (and a look of delighted wonder), and once inside we moved to the corner made by the descending staircase and the desk, which afforded an excellent view of the proceedings.  Good Luck!
I have been dying to come here since this opened. I am a Harry Potter fan girl, sorted into Slytherin by buzzfeed. I rooted for Voldemort to defeat Harry because if anyone could have made the triumph of evil over good work, it was JK Rowling. So when I was in Orlando for a baseball game I stopped at Universal to make my fan girl dreams come true. The park exceeded my expectations. The Hogwarts castle was so much cooler than the magic kingdom and walking around inside was awesome. The ride wasn't too shabby itself, it was a flight simulator. Walking through Hogsmeade was really cool too. It resembled the movie really well. The outer brick facades were very well done and the interior of the stores and pubs were perfect replicas. The park is tiny and I was able to do everything within 3 hours at closing. I am really proud of myself for not buying everything!!! Also try and catch the Capella choir. They were awesome.
Admittedly, the only reason I came to Orlando was to see the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  I had a day to cram all my wizarding in to, so we arrived an hour before the park opened, and still ended up waiting in line an hour just to enter the Harry Potter portion of the park.  I expected the long lines, and am not marking down for that. I was disappointed in the Forbidden Journey.  Yes, the castle is amazing, and it makes waiting in line almost fun.  The holograms of the characters are surprisingly realistic and I loved seeing the classrooms and Dumbledore's office.   When the ride started, it was amazing!  It really feels like you are flying and it is exhilarating.  You encounter dragons, dementors, spiders, basilisks...it would have been perfect, had the ride not stopped 2/3 of the way through.  We came to a dead stop, the emergency lights came on, and we sat there for a good 10 minutes.  By that time, all the excitement and adrenaline from the ride was gone, and I could barely remember what was going on before the ride stopped.  So the remainder of the ride was a major disappointment.  I would have thought they would let us ride again to experience it all the way through, but no, we would have had to wait in line (90 minutes) to ride the ride again.  There are only 2 other rides in the Wizarding world, and both are recycled roller coasters.  The lines for the roller coasters go fast - around 20 minutes.  I wish the main attraction would have not broken down when I was on it! The amount of people can be overwhelming, and patience is required.  You will be waiting in line for EVERYTHING.  Expect to wait in line 2 hours to go into Olivander's, and an hour just to go into the gift shop.  I think they could be doing a better job with crowd control.   The butterbeer is delicious, it tastes like butterscotch pudding!  I had a roasted chicken salad at the 3 broomsticks, which was surprisingly good for theme park food.  I would stay away from the pasties though, my friend got them and it looked like a hot pocket.  He did not enjoy them. My nerd pilgrimage complete, I left happily with my wand (hawthorne) and Hogwart's t-shirt, the envy of all my muggle friends at home.
Okay, it's been over a year since I've been here. But something really magical happened. My time turner broke..... that's not the magical part. I wrote into customer support for Universal Studios. I told them how much the time turner meant to me and how I loved it and then I asked them if they could mail me the screw, just the screw, so that I could fix it. They didn't mail me the screw... they mailed me an entirely new time turner. AND they sent me a label so I could mail my old one back. They emailed me and called me every step of the way. I felt very taken care of and I could not be more appreciative of Travis and his extra special customer care. I know they didn't have to send me a new time turner but I'm so grateful for it nevertheless. It was one of my favorite necklaces; I'm glad I didn't have to give it up.
Okay, there are only 3 rides, but this place is my most favorite theme park ever!!!!  Everything looks so real! It's like you've been transported to the real Hogsmeade and real Hogwarts, if they really did exist. It's absolutely amazing! Some tips: The Dragon Challenge is awesome!!!! But you have to love roller coasters. The line separates to two lines near the end - the Chinese fireball, and the Hungarian horntail. One of the workers told us that the Chinese fireball has 6 upside-down loops, and that the Hungarian horntail only has 5 loops but goes slightly faster than the fireball. Try both. You cannot bring any bags, purses, etc. so stow them in a locker before you get in line. The Forbidden Journey is AWESOME!!  Again, you cannot bring bags, purses, etc., but the workers will lead you to a line for lockers, which then leads to the ride. However, BRING YOUR CAMERA. You'll want to take pix once you're inside. I didn't get to take many pix, unfortunately, because there was a group of idiots behind us who were impatient, but even though we told them to go in front of us, they refused. ?!?!  I set my digital camera for the night shots mode, and that was a mistake, because any slight movement will make the pix blurry. The only good pic that came out was the sorting hat. But the castle is filled with many things you'll want pix of - the Mirror of Erised, the gargoyle in front of Dumbledore's office, the moving pictures on the walls, and Dumbledore, Harry, Ron, and Hermione all show up randomly. If you don't have idiots behind you, be patient, take your time, and let the folks behind you pass you up. Some of them won't, because they'll be just as busy as you taking pix and exploring everything. The Flight of the Hippogryph was made for kids. For me, the ride was too short and frankly a waste of my time. It's good for seeing a very very brief view of Hogsmeade from above, but that's it. When I was at the park, there were lines to get into Honeydukes/ Zonko's (connected on the inside) and into Dervish and Banges/ Ollivander's (also connected), but the lines went fairly quickly. You have to go in just to see everything. But if all you want to buy are basic items - such as a wand, scarf, shirt, owl, robe, mug, chocolate frogs, or every flavor beans, you can buy these at kiosks outside the shops, at the Trading Post outside HP World but inside the Islands of Adventure, and at the Studios Park Store in City Walk. So there's no need to stand in line inside the shops for those items. I'd recommend looking in the Trading Post and Studio store to check out their HP gear before you spend time in the cash register line in Honeydukes and D&B.  I'm not claustrophobic, but I swear I almost developed the disorder while inside Ollivander's. Hopefully, I'll get to come here again after the hype dies down a bit. There's so much to take in that it's easily a place where you see something new every time. Those guys did a GREAT job with building this place!
A must-see for any fan of Harry Potter. You will feel like as if you're in Hogwarts. The butter beer that I had was delicious. Have fun!
I LOVED my experience in WWHP (short for Wizarding world of Harry Potter)!!!! I am a huge fan of the books and movie, so seeing the magical world in HP coming to life is truly amazing and words just cannot describe!! So if you're a fan of Harry Potter like me, you must add this to your bucket list and GO, GO, GO!!! How do I start with my review? So many ahead of me had said it all. I think I'll just rewrite my experience there and also a few tips. We went on the MLK weekend (1/14-1/17), went there for 2 days (1 day is just not enough for me I had to go on a second day, Lol!) on Saturday and on Tuesday. Both days were pretty packed. But thanks to fellow yelpers, I took the advice of getting there way early, before the park (the Island of Adventure) opened on my first day (Saturday), we only had to wait a little bit outside of the gate, they actually opened it before it hits 9am (around 8:45am ish). We went straight to the WWHP, which is on your right-hand side. As we're getting there, the excitement was just building up inside me I was so so so excited I felt like a kid all over again! And when we approached the entrance to WWHP, my oh my I was so stoked seeing the magical world I love so much coming alive!!! All the structures are so authentic looking,  I was just awed by all of it! However, in order to beat the crowd to the main attraction, the Forbidden Journey in the Hogwarts castle, I walked passed by the Hogsmeade village and go straight toward Hogwarts. The wait time was only 20 min then (it was around 9am), Sweet! I actually thought that the wait time was too short, LOL, because there were so MUCH to look at inside the castle, you get to see the green house, Dumbledore's office, the moving portraits, the room of requirement where you get to see our three beloved heroes, and the sorting hat, everything felt so real you feel like you're on the movie set!! And now onto the ride, it was thrilling! Again, thanks to fellow yelpers, I took my motion-sickness medicine ahead of time b/c I'm prone to motion sickness, I was able to enjoy the ride that much more ( i did felt a bit dizzy afterwards), I'm not going to give away anything from this review on what you'll see during the ride, you've got to experience it yourself. We went on the ride again the 2nd day and b/c we didn't go there as early as our 1st day, we had to wait about 60 min, still not bad and TOTALLY worth it!! Now onto the other 2 rides, both fun, the Dragon one is def. more for adults, I've only went on the red one, which had more speed than twists which I preferred (again, prone to motion sickness), it was thrilling and I really enjoyed it. The wait time was only 5 minutes in the early afternoon, eventhough the park was full, the ride was certainly not full, at all. The walk up there was also really nice, you get to see Hagrid's hut, the flying car, the twi-wizard tournament tents etc. Neat! I also got on the other ride, it was too short tho, but still enjoyable, especially if you have smaller children, they'll enjoy it! We had lunch at the Three Broomsticks for both days, I couldn't get enough of their butterbeer! I love both cold and frozen (my husband, however, prefer the frozen one b/c it's not as sweet), it's just too delicious! So sad they don't have it where I live... anyways, the food was pretty decent, we tried the ribs, chicken, turkey leg (which is gigantic!) and fish n chip; even though we had to wait in line to order/get a table, it was relatively fast, plus you get to take a good look at the decor inside, which makes time goes by faster. And then the village of Hogsmeade, it was just breathtaking just walking around in it and visiting the shops, Yes the shops are small and always filled with people, but that did not decrease any of my experience. I still really enjoyed it and loved every second of it! At dusk, when the lights shine thru the store windows, oh my what a sight! Another tip (which I couldn't do b/c i read it too late): Stay in one of the Universal resorts, because you'll get fast-passes and you get to go into the parks 1 hour earlier. I think that's what I'll do next time. All and All, I absolutely loved my time there. I had so much fun and if I live closer I'd go more often. Despite the high entrance price.
It really is amazing and very well done.  I am glad I went now honestly because in a few months it's going to be INSANE with the new addition they are putting into Universal. I don't think I have anything to say that would stand out from all of the other amazing 5 star reviews, but it was just very well done.  Nice actors, love the snowy buildings, great rides, fun dining... overall fantastic experience. PS I'm so glad I got to catch the a capella choir.  The musicians were great but the girl pretending to be the choir director could at least watch a youtube video on how to conduct!  That was a travesty...but only something a person with a Masters in Music might catch.... (smh)
It finally happened, after 5 years of anticipation- muggles from all over the world can be emerged into the world that is Harry Potter. Yeah, I was one of those crazies that showed up opening weekend to be able to say that I experienced it first. I had a one track mind when I saw the opening date and booked my flight and package right away. I took a red eye and arrived early the morning after the grand opening day, praying I wouldn't have to wait in a 7-12 hour line like the first day. We waited in line all the way back to Marvel, we were told it would be around a 3-4 hour wait to get into the wizarding world- after two hours in line and a great tan, we finally made it to the front. The first thing we did was ride the Forbidden Journey, there were no questions about if this was going to be amazing or not- because after all the secrecy of it and build up we knew it had to be good. The que to get in is a sight to be scene, even if you don't ride the ride. You go through the green house, dumbledores office, the defense against the dark arts classroom (when you see the characters peak out of the invisibility cloak- you'll feel like they're there with you) and finally the griffindor common room. The moving paintings are incredible, just like the movies and the books- they go between each other. The ride itself was amazing, it wasn't just a boring moving attraction- Universal did a phenomenal job at creating something unique and new. If you get into the single riders line, which is ridiculously faster- you'll miss a lot of the sights but get to ride the ride over and over. It ends in the gift shop (surprise!), but it's the most spacious of all of the shops in the wizarding world. Since this was my first time at Universal, I've never ridden the dueling dragons coaster which is now named the dragon challenge. It is a great coaster! I didn't get a chance to ride flight of the hippogriff however, but I know I'll be back again. Hogsmeade is just another world in it's own. The lines to get into the stores is an attraction itself, package pickup is a lifesaver! Because I did not want to lug around wands, sweaters, parchment and everything else I bought that I know I didn't need. Honeydukes & Zonkos smells of sweets and is filled with an abundance of toys, this is where you'll get your chocolate frogs, pumpkin juice and little gag gifts. The line to get into Olivianders is ridiculous, but the actual wait isn't as long as it looks. If you're one of the lucky ones to get picked to have a wand choose you, make sure your friends have their buttons on record because it's a fun sight. You get dropped off in Dervish and Banges, where they have an abundance of wands from all the characters and Olivianders special made wands which are chosen by your birthday. They were out of Sirius Black and Hermione when I was there, but I was able to pick up Professor McGonogall, Professor Snape, Dumbledore and Ginny Weasley.. on top of the Triwizard tournament display case that I also picked up. I was disappointed in the robes, otherwise I probably would have gotten one- I wish they were fully lined. The owlery is also right there, I picked up a bunch of postcards and some stamps to send out to friends. Hogs Head was a great alternative to the butterbeer cart outside on the first day, but the days following they created a line out the door to get in. Universal is already making moves expanding the park for 2011. I'm hoping for diagon alley, the weasley home and azkaban! I will be back here, sooner than later I'm sure.
Holy Moly! I knew this was going to be an awesome place, but I didn't realize just how awesome it really was! Being an enormous HP fan, I was geeked out at the thought of seeing Hogsmeade and Hogwarts. The pictures you see here don't even do it justice- everything is perfect. From the snow topped buildings of Hogsmeade to the entrance of Hogwarts, you will expect to see a real life wizard pop out at any moment. The Forbidden Journey ride is absolutely amazing. If you're a fan of the books, you'll be pleasently surprised at how you get to experience the castle and grounds. I know that I wasn't really flying, but let me tell you that they did a great job of making me feel like I was on a broomstick right behind Harry! You can grab a bite to eat at the Three Broomsticks, some butterbeer from the cart or one of the restaurants, and then pig out on Chocolate Frogs, Sugar Quills, and more at HoneyDukes. I do wish that more of the stores had really existed, but the whole store front experience is pretty fantastic.
Having read all the books and having seen all the movies, I was looking forward to experiencing "The Wizarding World of Harry Potter".  Although everything featured in the Islands of Adventure park are great, the Harry Potter world was the highlight for me - and worth the price of admission alone. Once you enter the park, veer right and go past Seuss Landing and The Lost Continent, and pretty soon you'll see the snow-capped buildings in Hogsmeade with a view of the distinctive Hogwarts castle in the background.  I swear I got all giddy once I stepped across the threshold into Hogsmeade.  There are many photo opportunities, starting with the Hogwarts Express train off to your right.  Stroll through Hogsmeade and you'll spot some familiar store names: Dervish and Banges, Zonko's, Joke Shop, Ollivanders, Honeydukes (my favorite), and more!  The attention to detail is just mind-boggling and a dream for Harry Potter fans.  Be sure to try some Butterbeer; it was so delicious!  It tastes like a cross between butterscotch and sugar cookies.  Although I liked the regular version, the frozen version was better.  Prices are $4.25 for frozen Butterbeer in a plastic cup whereas it's $10.50 for frozen Butterbeer in a souvenir mug (worth it!!). Our first experience with this world was on a Sunday around 6pm (after we left Universal Studios).  We had less than a 20-min wait from the time we stepped into the Hogwarts castle to the time we got on The Forbidden Journey ride.  As others have mentioned, there is much to see and experience as you're waiting in line.  You'll see the hall of portraits, the sorting hat, be greeted by Dumbeldore and later Harry, Hermoine, and Ron...before you finally reach the ride.  This is a simulation ride and you'll feel like you're flying with Harry as he participates in Quidditch, and later we follow Harry as he leads us to safety from dragons, spiders, Dementors, and other scary characters from the books/movies. I would advise that personal items be stored in the free lockers available at the beginning of the line since it's highly likely that loose items will be lost (almost lost my shoes during the ride).  I must admit that this ride made me queasy since I have issues with motion sickness, but I wasn't going to come all this way and not try it once. We went back to Islands of Adventure the following day (Monday) and it seemed even more crowded than Sunday.  I think it's better to go in the evening, as parents with young children are more likely to have gone back to their hotels.   See pics to get an idea of the beauty of this place!
Man...it doesn't get better than Universal Studios & Universal Island of Adventures...this company TRULY pays attention to detail. Always a great time. Very interactive website that gives up to date wait times for all rides & attractions saving you valuable time. Pleasant staff all the way around. Florida residents receive mad discounts for annual dual park passes! Grab it & go! Free parking included (reg. $17-$22 per visit) Hulk roller coaster, Transformers, Spiderman & Harry Potter Rides are amazing experiences. Plus, they offer single rider lines, so if you want to go through more quickly, it's an option. Amazing...everytime I visit:)
When I first set foot into the Wizarding World of Harry Potter (WWoHP), I was amazed.  You truly feel like you are on the set of the movies.  I would like to tip my hat (if i was wearing one) to the geniuses behind recreating this magical (pun intended) setting. Here is my Weather Report for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter... Ollivanders:  Here we waited in line for the wand selection.  The wait was about an hour.  Here the wandkeeper has his pick out of 30 people or so to be fitted for a wand.  If I had to guess they always choose a kid.  In my opinion the experience wasn't worth the wait.  Especially when you can just go into the shop and buy the same damn wand yourself. WeatherMan Predicts: 60-70 percent chance of disappointment.  Unless of course you are the chosen one.  If so then 0 percent chance.  I mean come on you get a free wand! Dervish and Banges: Located next to Ollivanders.  I just love the name of this place.  It sounds like a dish served in Scotland or something.  This shop was pretty cool.  Here they have items like Hogwarts uniforms, scarves, ties, t-shirts, and robes (which were sweet).  My friend tried on the robe and all I could think of was don't drink the kool-aid because he looked like a cult leader.  They also carry Quidditch merch if that's what tickles your fancy.   WeatherMan Predicts: A strong chance of window shopping and trying things on.  With a small possibility of purchasing something.  40-50 percent chance of fun. Honeyduke's/Zonkos:  If you have a sweet tooth and or a funny bone then you can kill two birds with one sorcerer's stone (damn that was a good one).  Here you can get the world famous (and bad tasting) Harry Potter jelly beans.  I must say that the treats in this place looked so damn good that it would make you want to slap the Dark Lord himself. Zonko's on the other hand was a disappointment.  The store contained several bookcases of toys.  However several bookcases contained the same toys.  Not much of a variety going on. WeatherMan Predicts:  Sugar overload in Honeydukes.  100% chance of Zonkos killing your buzz.  Zonko's is more of a buzz kill than Buzz Killington! Three Broomsticks:  This dining establishment was pretty friggin cool.  The inside had like an old school pub/ski lodge feel to it.  The menu items were all pretty appealing.  I was going to run with some ribs (insert black joke) but I had my fill the last couple of days.  So I went with the rotisserie chicken (insert another black joke).  Accompanying my chicken was some seasoned roasted potatoes and corn on the cob with the husk still on it.  Everything on my plate was delicious.  I could've used more potatoes but hey its all good.  The food here was surprising reasonable for a theme park restaurant. WeatherMan Predicts: A good dining experience.  Strong likelihood of some delicious corn niblets stuck in your teeth.  If you have a large group, I would suggest The Feast.   Dragon Challenge:  The ride formerly known as the Dueling Dragons has been incorporated into the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  The ride still delivers quite the roller coaster experience.  They have modified the carts to look more Harry Potteresque.  Not too many people were waiting in line for this ride which is still a head scratcher.  Legend says that the red dragon is faster and the blue one has more twists and turns. WeatherMan Predicts:  Dragon Challenge will leave you in a fog.  20-30% chance of precipitating vomit!  However the more of a lightweight you are the higher the chance. The Forbidden Journey:  This my friends is the main attraction in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  And with great reason.  The design of the building both inside and out is absolutely incredible.  Take a glance at some of the photos that other members have provided.  Now multiply that by 10 and that's what it's like to see it in person.  I was rather shocked with how quickly the line moved when I went.  Now I am sure this is an unusual circumstance.  But my friends and I hopped in line around lunch time.  Perhaps that had something to do with it.  Anyways once you get inside, you are greeted by Albus Dumbledore.  Dumbledore gives you the run down of Hogwarts.  Be prepared to hear the spiel a few times if the line moves slow.  in the room adjacent to Dumbledore is where you see Harry, Ron, and that fine piece of you know what... Hermione.  The gang devises a plan to sneak you out of class to go watch a Quidditch match.  From here you hop on the ride!  I will not spoil the awesomeness.  If you enjoy the Spider-Man ride then you will like Harry Potter.  If you don't like it then you are entitled to your opinion I guess.  Even if it is wrong! Ha-ha WeatherMan Predicts: A sweet ass Harry Potter experience. That is all I have to say about that. Oh I forgot try the Butter Beer.  Tastes like cream soda!   Peace Yelp Muggles!
This area is phenomenal! From butter beer, to the incredible architecture throughout the area, this does the Harry Potter movies justice. The frozen butter beer is a MUST, it has a sweet butterscotch taste sure to quench your thirst on a hot day. Be sure to check out the candy shops and buy a park hopper ticket so you can ride the Hogwarts Express! If you are in Orlando, it is a must for any Harry Potter lover!!!
I had the most amazing experience here yesterday, I had been wanting to come to universal studios since the completion of the Harry Potter themed part of the park went up. I loved every second of the rides and fellow fans. 1. food: delicious. We decided to forgo the nice "meal deal" they have which is inexpensive if you feel like you will be eating all day ( however with this deal you may only eat in three "restaurants" within the park so you cant just go to the road vendors and pick up a tasty turkey leg if you liked.) My friends and I ate at the Three broomsticks. all the food was delish!!! yummmy! the butter beer was something new and very good, exactly how i had imagined butterbeer to taste i had it in it's slush form. there was also a drink called pumpkin fizz that had an interesting taste and very good as well :) 2. rides: this is were the park only gets 3 starts from me. While they made my dreams come true with the ability to walk around in a replica of the harry potter universe, it was terribly disappointing when i was unable to go onto the " forbidden journey" ride. I was unable to get on due to being 2 inches from the harness snapping shut all the way.... :( yes... i did cry. i was upset... I believe that they should have thought of this fact before opening. This is a big problem too as i did not find out i could not get on until i got into the actual SEAT. :( WTF!? then they tell me "oh... you must have missed the test seat screening area" um.. uh duh maybe i did. my hips didn't let me sit in two other "test" seats. I was mortified... and yes i will try to lose the weight so that next year i can get on it.... but seriously... you need to have a realllllllllly tiny ass to get into these seats... don't risk embarrassment like i did. :( oh well there is always next year!
I can't wait for this park to keep expanding. Although it was deceptively small, I still enjoyed the whole ambiance. If it wasn't for all the tourists, you could walk through the park thinking you've just stepped on a harry potter set. The stores were so charming--although we didn't buy anything it was fun to peruse. 1) Butterbeer: either frozen or regular is absolutely fantastic; it will make you full so I'd suggest holding off till you've ridden the rides. 2) Pumpkin Juice: I probably liked this even more than butterbeer because it wasn't as sweet. I could drink it everyday. 3) Three Broomsticks: Pub-like food--so expect hearty portions and fried food; the fish and chips were great. 4) Ollivanders: We didn't have a crazy long line to wait in so that made the experience even better. And hello, I got chosen to be Harry in the wand shop. It was fun trying out the wands and finding the one that chose me: a wand make of ash and unicorn hair--known for healing. Of course, they direct you into the gift shop afterwards and proceed to tell you it's $30...best scam ever! 5) Flight of the Hippogriff: Such a fun little roller coaster. It goes FAST! My friend was screaming her head off like a maniac so I spent the whole ride laughing from tears. 6) Forbidden Journey: So much fun! Loved walking through the castle. Thank goodness we didn't have to wait long. I wish they had more scenes or dialogue from the actual movie. Instead they made up some storylines. The ride itself is indoors and there is so much to take in all at once. This ride is FAST, so make sure to savor every moment. For those that get dizzy, you may want to hold off. During parts of it, you're following harry through the quidditch field and then going through the chamber of secrets, aragog's cave, and even run into some very large dementors. All in good fun!
I was lucky enough to be able to get to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter over the Christmas holidays and I wanted to provide a review because I feel like a lot of people are skewing towards the five stars, but the park clearly still needs a lot of work.   First of all, if you plan to go, do some serious research first.  Everyone I was with agreed that while the art design was a 10, the management and logistics were a 5 or lower.  There were mobs of people everywhere and no one was sure where to go.   The Wizarding World is part of the Islands of Adventure at Universal Studios.  It is not it's own park.  It's only about as big as the other areas, like Jurassic Park, or the Cat in the Hat.  I was actually shocked by how little space they devoted to it.  We got in super early (I believe it opens at 8, but we got there at 9).  They will try to sell you on tickets for both parks, by which they mean Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios.  You can decide if you want both, but you only need the Islands of Adventure to go to Harry Potter.   Once we got into the park, we were directed in one direction because we wanted to go to Harry Potter, even though there were multiple entrances.  We quickly realized the reason for this.  Even though it was only 9 am, the Harry Potter section was already at capacity.  We were directed towards the Jurassic Park section where the real madness began.  There was the option to wait in a standby line which would be over an hour and no guarantee of getting in, or you could pick up a return ticket by sending only one member of your party through a yellow gate.  They were emphatic that only one party member was allowed in to pick up these return tickets, so families were separated and pushing and shoving trying to find each other again.  I felt it was important to describe this in particular because it just looks like a mob.  There is no line, just a crowd of very confused and angry people.  Even though we got there at nine, our return ticket window wasn't until 12:30.  This is another very important thing.  Your return window is only one hour, and we later saw people getting turned away if they missed their return window even by a few minutes.   So the logistics were awful, and there were angry, disappointed people all over the park.   And then at 12:30 we finally got inside. We entered at the Hogsmeade gate through the Lost Continent, which I would definitely recommend as it was less busy then any of the other entrances.  However, even there it was packed.  Uncomfortably so.  There were lines for everything, and everything was built to the scale of the movies so the stores were small and people had to wait in line to get in, then wait in line to pay, and there was barely room to look at the merchandise.  The longest line by far, was to buy scarves, which had run out earlier that morning.   Despite all of these drawbacks though, everything looked perfect.  Music was pumped in over the stereos and the sklyine was beautiful.  Every detail was in place, down to the Gringotts ATM.  The Hogwarts ride was fantastic..  There is a castle tour first which was great though weirdly rushed.  They didn't pace the line well, so it stretched out far down the ride outside and in the greenhouse, but once we got inside we were literally racing through empty miles of lines.  There was also a gift shop at the end of the ride.  The other two rides were also fine for us, although the Hippogriff ride was ridiculously short, like 20 seconds, we timed it.   We didn't get to eat at the Three Broomsticks, but the Butterbeer was awesome.  Definitely go in for the souvenir mug.   Overall, I enjoyed myself, but it left me wanting so, so much more.  They could have done so much more with it, and it's kind of sad that it's so limited.  It really needs to be it's own park, with all of the different areas, like the Ministry of Magic, and the Weasley house, or even having actual storefronts, rather than having the majority be fake.  I think that  Universal mistakenly assumed that people would be more interested in the rides, when what they really want is an immersive experience walking through Harry Potter's world.  It made me wish for once, that Disney owned the rights, because they know how to build a park right.  It took us three hours total to explore the whole area, and most of that was because the lines were so long.  If there were no people, it might have taken an hour tops. Final verdict: Worth the trip, but don't make it your only destination in Florida, or you will feel gipped.
Have you ever had a dream that was so vivid that you woke up and thought it was real? Welcome to the Wizarding World. I've been to WWoHP three times, and all three times, I've brushed away tears of joy because my dreams were coming true. It's like stepping into the books/movies. I will admit, I sat outside the castle for an hour waiting for my travel partner to ride Forbidden Journey, just looking at the castle, sipping butterbeer, and smiling.
It would have been nice to know that you needed a reservation for Harry potter upon entry into the park.  three hours for two rides then a forty-five minute  wait for a broken ride later, wait you need to walk half way around the part for a ticket never again .  Safe time and aggravation One word "Disney"
There are two amusement parks that I think are the best! One is Japan's Tokyo Disney Sea, and the second is this place. I literally spent all 8 hours here. Thank goodness I have an annual pass right?!? For any Harry Potter fan, this is the mecca, the one place that you must visit in your lifetime. Walking past the Hogwart's Train and through the gates of this place, you're literally transported into another world. They did such a good job with this place that you can't even see the other buildings or lands (such as Seuss or Jurassic Park) since the streets are lined with Harry Potter themed buildings and props. Amazing! And the tops of the buildings are covered in fake snow. Also, if you look closely into the shops, the images move, such as Gilderoy Lockhart's book, Sirius Black's wanted poster, and screaming mandrakes in the window. If you are a Harry Potter fan, come here for your pilgrimage. Hogwart's is calling you....
Too busy....lines are ridiculous...see you in a couple of years...
I went here a lot the first year they opened (which was back in 2010, I believe) and BOY was it crowded. But you know what? That's expected and I didn't mind it one bit - I was way too focused on the fact that my childhood dreams were now surrounding me and that I could actually interact with the things that I've only read about or watched on screen. - Attractions - THE FORBIDDEN JOURNEY: There's just nothing like this ride. It's a simulation similar to that of Spiderman, but definitely more intense and with a lot more movement. I've seen a lot of people get sick on this, so if you're sensitive to movement I would recommend taking some Dramamine beforehand  - which they actually sell in the ride's gift-shop, Filch's Emporium. Just ask a team member behind the counter. My favorite moment on this ride is when you encounter the Dementors and The Whomping Willow - I actually gasped. I don't want to give too much away and spoil it for anyone, but this ride incredible. THE FLIGHT OF THE HIPPOGRIFF: Aw, Buckbeak! This is a kiddie coaster near the exit of Filch's Emporium and while it is a very short ride, it's quite intense for a kiddie coaster. Everyone will get a kick out of this attraction. THE DRAGON CHALLENGE: As we all know, this is just a re-themed Dueling Dragons from the old Lost Continent section (which is now significantly smaller), but that doesn't take away from the quality of this ride. My favorite is the Chinese Fireball (red), and I recommend sitting in the very last row for maximum intensity. OLLIVANDER'S:  Ah, the wand experience. I wish this was longer and a little bit more interactive but I just love being in that little dusty room with hundreds upon hundreds of wands and seeing "Ollivander" select a guest for their wand fitting. I like seeing how excited everyone gets when he chooses them. It's a sweet experience. - Restaurants - THE THREE BROOMSTICKS/HOG'S HEAD PUB: I don't recall what I've had to eat here, but I don't recall it being too great. I do remember the Butterbeer being delicious though (I prefer the cold version over the frozen). - Stores - FILCH'S EMPORIUM: This is the store that Forbidden Journey dumps out into. I'm sure they've changed up their inventory since 3 years ago, but I remember them selling the DVDs, the books, some house scarves, the Marauders Map, etc. It's a very dark store, it's made to look like a dungeon and you can pick up your ride photos in here as well. DERVISH & BANGES: Probably my favorite store! It has all the things a young witch or wizard would need to to prepare for Hogwarts - robes, wands, books (Monster Book of Monsters, anyone?), quills, owls, etc! Only major con is how TINY this store is, it's ridiculous. HONEYDUKES: The candy shop! I'm not much of a candy person so I didn't really browse much, but the peppermint toads are SO good, I kept buying box after box because I couldn't stop eating them! ZONKO'S: Zonko's is attached to Honeydukes and they have a bunch of unnecessary and cheap quality gag gifts and toys. I wouldn't bother. The only thing that's worth purchasing in Zonko's are their Pygmy Puffs. - Shows - TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT: In this little show near Ollivander's, you get to witness a few Durmstrang and Beauxbaton students dance and do some tricks for onlookers. Pretty entertaining. FROG CHOIR: Four students from each house of Hogwarts performs a few songs acapella for onlookers. I usually skip this one. xx MJ
Universal is known for spectacular ride, shows and attractions. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is proof of this. 2 years prior to them opening this part of the theme park we saw this creation from the ground floor up. We went on 5 different occasions prior to them opening this up and it was pretty cool seeing how they progressed from one stage to another. When you walk into this area it's like your transported to Harry Potter world. They did an amazing job representing this world. The rides are great. The shops are great. And the butter Beer carts are the JIZZ! That means Awesome! If you visiting Orlando you should do yourself a favor and check this place out. Worth every penny IMO.
Harry Potter World!!!!  This was literally the best part of my trip.  We went on a Wednesday.  We paid for the one day pass and our pharmacy organization rented out the entire Islands of Adventure for us after the park closed at night (we were in town for a conference).   Let me start by recommending Wednesday afternoon.  The wait times were short, I would say an average of 15 minutes.  Next, frozen butter beer is amazing!!  It's kind of like diabetes in a cup and you can feel your glycemic index skyrocket after drinking a mug but it tastes heavenly and is definitely a must. The show at Olivander's is great.  I don't know if it's worth the wait (we waited 45 mins) but it's really cute.  Wands are sold all throughout the park, not just Harry Potter World, so I would recommend avoiding the commotion and getting it somewhere less traveled.  Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey is the second best ride in the Islands of Adventure after Spiderman.  Def worth going on more than once because depending on where you sit, the experience is subtly different in terms of perspective.  The dueling dragons ride is a lot of fun.  The Chinese firecracker one seems to go faster and the Hungarian horntail seems to have more twists and turns.  You'll come off both walking crooked. For dinner, we ate at the 3 Broomsticks.  We had the feast platter for 5 and shared it with 6 people (4 guys, 2 girls).  The base platter is 4 servings and you can add on servings as you like.  It comes with ribs, chicken, vegetables (broccoli, sweet peppers, and carrots), potatoes, and salad.  The ribs were good, the chicken was bland, and everything else pretty standard.  It was reasonable price wise and there was a good amount of food so I would recommend it.   I also tried the sherpard's pie and that was tasty but not anything special.  Of note, the restaurant has it's own brew on tap, Hog's head, which is kind of like a red or scottish ale.  It's pretty good and I would recommend it for adult visitors.  I don't know if it's exclusive to the amusement park but I doubt you'd be able to get it outside of Florida so give it a try! The only thing I'm kind of disappointed in is that I didn't come half a year later!!  Summer 2014, Diagon Alley, the Hogwarts Express, and a ride featuring Gringott's are opening!  A Hollywood version is supposed to open in 2016 but I hear it's behind schedule so I may have to visit again just for that!
5 out of 5 stars because the Wand Keeper chose me and then the Wand Chose me as it's master!  lol  In all seriousness though this place is awesome, from the 2 hour wait to get in and the next 4 2 hour waits to get into the wand shop and rides.  This place is ridiculous and replicates Harry Potter perfectly for all of us Potter Fans.  If you have to choose between Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios, go here!
If I could give 100 stars I would...... Amazing, amazing, amazing! You feel like you're in a different world, that's what universal was lacking to me. Never really cared for Universal before because of that, I am die hard disney fan APH  and because of the new Harry Potter attraction I want my annual pass for USO. I had an awesome time, it was finally worth the money. Express passes are must and disney should take some notes in regards to that. The Butter Beer is my new obsession. Counting the day to go back.
I love this!!! You really feel like you are in Hogsmeade, you can't see other areas when your within. The dueling dragon and the main ride at Hogwarts are the most thrilling rides. The lines are long but they go quickly. They also offer lockers for free for the first hour when you ride. When I went there was a lot of tech difficulties such as the frozen butterbeer not working  and honeydukes was a line not worth waiting for but all in all I had a great time. Butterbeer was delicious, wish they made that in a bottled version to bring home.
This trumps Disney as the Most Magical Place on Earth any day. Fans of Rowling will get goosebumps at the sheer magnitude of it, and will revel in the loving attention to detail. There is so much to explore and it is all so well done.
What can I say............only....it freaking amazing........I in love with it!! can't wait to go back!!
WOW WOW WOW!!!!   I read the books, watched the movies, but I was not prepared for this!!  Universal did an AMAZING / FANTASTIC job of recreating every tiny detail of Hogsmeade and Hogwarts, right down to the stores and their product lines!!! Walking into Universal, you absentmindedly follow the crowds, with no idea what awaits you.  An authentic looking sign appears above your head delineating the border.   One step in and you are immediately transported to a land within the movie itself.   Confusion sets in as it actually looks like you are in Hogsmeade.   You look up, and there, on the cliff, surrounded by the clouds, is Hogwarts itself.  EXACTLY as you imagined it would be!!   As you walk in, you realize, this IS HOGSMEADE- every store has been brought to life, selling the exact same wares as in the books/movies.   I was completely blown away by the attention to detail and the scope of the Wizarding World!!  The effects, the products, the options, the variety, the stores, the costumes... it was all surreal!  I heard good things about it, but this was beyond expectations!!   AND THEN THERE WAS THE BUTTERBEER!!!  Butterbeer is DELICIOUS!!!  It was like a cake mixed with cream soda and rootbeer... I could not get enough of it!!!   We dined at the Hog's Head then shopped at Honeydukes and Zonkos. My wand and I were cleverly matched at Ollivander's before I continued my journey through Hogsmeade and into Hogwarts to test my skills... The special effects in Hogwarts are amazing... and the RIDE!!!   MUST BE EXPERIENCED!!   Loved it! I can not wait to go back!!!   The details definitely created a magical experience as I let myself be sucked into the fantasy... Loved it!
Not a huge Harry potter fan I've watched only 2 of the movies but it was amazing! Best part of island of adventure!
We literally spent three days here. I mean, we saw the other parks and whatnot but this is why we came and we made good use of our time. I felt like I fell into the books I hold so dearly. Amazing!
This is the reason that brought us to Orlando. This is also the best section of the park. Get a package with universal and take advantage of your 1 hr early admission. It definitely helps in beating the crowds once the park opens. Also, once you're in this section, don't leave until you are sure you won't want to be back until the late evening or had enough. This place reaches its capacity and you will not be allowed in until a certain time. Therefore, spend your day in the WWOHP to the fullest. Eat a breakfast or lunch at the Three Broomsticks, drink a butterbeer, check out honeydukes (try the cauldron cake), watch the "show" in olivander's wand shop, go on all the rides and attractions (go on both the Chinese dragon and Hungarian dragon), and with that in mind, you may probably want to go on the Forbidden Journey ride at least twice (bring your camera with you, but leave everything else behind). If you return to this park during the evening, its a whole different atmosphere then. Unfortunately, the universal bonus benefits 15% discount won't apply here. However, if you are a AAA member, bring your AAA card. AAA members are eligible for a 10% discount on nearly everything in the park including merchandises and food in this stores (note: discount does not apply for carts).
It was worth the wait, we went on the ride twice and had to pay for the locker rental fee. But still worth it. It made every HP fan's dream come true, I can't explain more. I wish I could live there!
Wow. Simply Wow. Don't know what I can add to what everyone else has raved about on Yelp, but I figured I'd throw in my two cents on what was an amazing experience down at Universal Orlando. I'm not a HUGE fan of Harry Potter... Never read the books, although I've seen the movies. My girlfriend is a HUGE Potter fan, and had been wanting to go to Universal FOREVER. We finally had an open weekend, and we were off to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter! This area is part of Islands of Adventure, so if you buy your ticket to this park alone, you get access to Harry Potter, as well as Jurassic Park, Dr. Seuss, Toon Town, Marvel's Super Hero Island, and more. There are TONS of great rides and attractions spread throughout the park, but the highlight, of course, is this place. We arrived as soon as the park opened and headed straight for Hogsmeade. Even when we got there, it was starting to get busy, and by far was the busiest place all day. Glad we got there when we did. The attention to detail is immaculate. Hogsmeade is simply gorgeous- the designers did an amazing job. Walking through the entrance, you walk by the train station with the train available for pictures. Lots of shops adorn the walkways, and you can pick up some chocolate covered frogs, Bertie Botts Beans, wands, scarves, Quidditch shirts, and many, many more. There are a few Butterbeer stands selling the drink, which is very, very sweet- but go for the frozen... very, very good. Would be PERFECT on a hot Florida summer's day. There are quite a few shows and attractions going on through the day- but the highlight is Hogwart's castle, and Harry Potter's Forbidden Journey. The tour takes you through Hogwarts castle, and you get to see lots of cool stuff- the sorting hat, Dumbledore, even Harry, Hermione, and Ron stop by for a visit. Bring your camera- but be patient, there are lots of folks that want to take pictures of EVERYTHING. If you're one of those people, be courteous and let others go. If you're not, be patient and kind- the ride will still be waiting for you, and it's worth it. A fantastic ride that I'm not going to spoil by telling you. They have a ride for the kids called Flight of the Hippogriff, which takes you past Hagrid's house. It's a small, semi-fast roller coaster which takes about 30 seconds to finish, but it is fun, and the line isn't too bad. The biggest, baddest ride is the dueling dragons. A double roller coaster which sends out two trains at the same time. It is fast, and it is wicked! Best part- wait time is usually only a few minutes! My favorite ride in the park! There are also a few shops selling all sorts of Harry Potter memoribilia. Cups, glasses, scarves from the different houses, wands, keychains... you name it, they have it. These stores can be PACKED with people, and it can be hard to find what you're looking for- big tip, there's also a store on your way out of the park selling all sorts of merchandise from the entire park. They have a lot of Potter stuff for sale there, as well, so keep your eyes peeled for that. Lots of stuff, way less people. Overall, had an AMAZING time at this area. My girlfriend LOVED it, and I really enjoyed myself. I'm glad we sprung for the Park Hopper pass, and we spent the entire weekend at Universal Resort, jumping between Islands and Universal Studios. I recommend you do the same. Plenty to see and do between the two parks and CityWalk, and if you're a big fan of Harry Potter, you will want to spend HOURS here. Definitely enjoy yourself, but don't forget there's lots of other fun rides here as well. But for any Potter fan- this is a MUST DO!
This place was just simply amazing! The atmosphere, the ambiance, the little details of the buildings, sidewalks, clothes, accents of the workers, gifts, and many other things were dead on like how they were in the movies! Things you have to get: BUTTER BEER- it's freaking delicious. They come in regular drink like a root beer float for 3.99, or frozen like a slushie for 4.99. It's definitely worth the price! The souvenirs- they have clothing articles, accessories, and etc from all of the different houses. They have wands from all of the characters and the prices are pretty reasonable too. Rides to go on: The dragon challenge: It's a really fun and fast ride. It will flip and stop abruptly so be prepared for it. Definitely put all of your loose stuff away before going on. Hogwarts ride: This ride will take you through the castle and will give you a tour and will make you feel like you're really at hogwarts like how it was in the movie.
I am not fanatic about Harry Potter but I admit that  TWWHP was one of the reason why I choose to go Orlando for my 4th of July trip. My friend and I reached there a little over 1pm (shows how "eager" we are to get there) and aimed straight to TWWHP, although some things did distracted us on the way. The Forbidden Journey was the first thing we went to, and boy were we in for a surprise! We waited for around 20 minutes to get into the castle, and once I am inside, I pleasantly surprised. I was impressed of how closely it looked as compared to the movie, and it was truly amazing to see the talking/moving pictures, I could barely differentiate them from the non-moving ones. Although the 10 min walk through the castle which includes Dumbledore's office, the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom, the Gryffindor common room and the Room of Requirement was amazing, the highlight of it all was the ride. The ride was an exhilarating experience, even better than the Universal Studios Mummy ride and the 3D Spiderman thrill ride at the Islands of Adventure. We experienced being at the Quidditch game with Harry Potter, getting chased by dementors, facing dragons etc. I am typically not a fan of thrill rides, but this is one ride I will never forget (partially coz I was so afraid of losing my loosely fitted shoes since we are moving at fast speed). Unfortunately I did not bring my camera with me to the ride and did not manage to capture any pictures of the castle. As other reviews have said, they do provide a small little compartment behind your seat to keep your small belongings including your slippers (if you need to), which is definitely good to know! We wanted to ride again, this time with my camera on hand,  but there was simply too much things to see and do that we decided to forgo the thought. The queue to get into Ollivander's wand shop was the longest queue we experienced, the staff told us it was approximately an hour to an hour and a half wait time for a 7 minute show before being ushered to the wand shop. I felt that this was a little too long and that the show only involved one other person from the audience, while the rest of us watched. The wand shop was crazy crowded, we could barely move and many of the wands are out of stock. It was a pity since the wands are designed by birth months. Many resorted to buying a "pretty" wand, than a wand that is uniquely associated with their birthday. The Honeydukes and Zonko's are connected, got a couple of stuff there for my friends. Do try the "every flavor Jellybeans", they are definitely fun to share with friends and family. I shared mine with a colleague today and she was "lucky" enough to bite into a ginger flavored one, the expression on her face was priceless. The three broomsticks was crowded but seemed to have pretty good food on their menu, although we never ended up going. I would definitely drop by next time. The Butterbeer and the pumpkin drink was great! Prepare to fork out $10-$11+ for either the soda or the frozen Butterbeer (in the souvenir cups) and the pumpkin drink cost $6. As other reviewers said, the line is pretty long, however my friend managed to get it quicker as he had cash on hand, so that is another good thing to note! Although the weather turned ugly towards the evening making it hot, humid and wet due to the downpour, the experience was amazing. The attention to details on the shops, pathways, alleys and the castle, made it look like and feel like we are walking through a movie set or even at the real Hogsmeade. I gave it a 4 star instead of a 5 star as I felt that there could be more incorporated into the park. I would definitely visit again and would recommend this park to anyone I meet!
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is a must-see destination for any Harry Potter fan. My first time here was three years ago, when the park was nothing more than Hogsmeade. I revisited Florida to see the new Diagon Alley, and let me tell you--they've changed a lot of things. I'll try to explain what they've done while sprinkling tips along the way. Diagon Alley is in Universal Studios Florida while Hogsmeade is at Universal's Islands of Adventure. To visit both, you will need a park hopper ticket because Universal realized loyal Harry Potter fans would pay the extra cash to see both areas. (Wearing my badge of shame right here.) On the bright side, you can take the Hogwarts Express train at King's Cross to move between these two areas, and even that ride is specially designed to immerse you in the world of Harry Potter. The first thing you want to do is go to Ollivander's and get yourself a wand to do some magic. I'm not kidding. Your wand box will have a map inside that has several marked locations around Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade. Through some kind of wizardry, Universal has re-tooled the tips of their wands and the marked locations around the parks to make your experience interactive. Be it setting off a light show, putting a knight's armor together, or starting a water fountain, all it takes is a flick of your wand. Each location will have a diagram on the ground showing you how to make the proper gesture, because magic is serious business and you need to get it right! (Use small gestures.) This is a great addition to Diagon Alley and it can make revisiting Hogsmeade a lot more fun even if you've seen it before. (Note: The wand selection is way bigger than it was three years ago. Most named characters' wands are there now. Ginny's and Fleur's were especially elegant.) Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade feature a lot of crossover: Ollivander's, a joke shop, candy shop, and various other places to buy lots of Harry Potter clothes and candy. You can go grab a bite and wash it down with some Butterbeer at the Leaky Cauldron too. (Tip: get the frozen Butterbeer instead of the regular drink; it's the difference between a cream-soda-flavored Icee vs. cream soda, but trust me on this.) You can even hear Moaning Myrtle wailing in the bathroom. If you want, Gringotts also lets you convert your muggle money into wizard currency you can use anywhere in the Wizarding World for the full authentic experience. Every inch of Diagon Alley is so finely detailed to carry the spirit of the source material that it even makes Hogsmeade feel a bit dated. You have to give serious credit to the people who designed this place. And that's exactly what my friends and I did when we just happened to be sitting next to one of the park designers as we rode the Alley's biggest attraction: Escape from Gringotts. Escape from Gringotts is a very cool ride that's more of a fast-paced rollercoaster ride than its companion ride over in Hogsmeade, The Forbidden Journey. Escape is a noticeably shorter ride and still needs some kinks worked out. The only reason I'm knocking down a star on this review is that my party waited in line five hours for this ride because it kept breaking down. It even broke down while we were riding it, ironically leaving us unable to escape Gringotts. As a courtesy, we did get to ride it a second time without waiting in line, but it's hard to justify losing such a huge chunk of your day for two sittings on a short ride. It's a dilemma without a clear answer: you don't want to miss one of the big two rides of this experience, but "Harry Potter and the Five-hour Line" is a story J.K. Rowling avoided telling for a reason. Overall, if you had to pick just one park to best capture the Harry Potter world, Diagon Alley is the way to go. But if you're big on rides, Hogsmeade's Forbidden Journey still reigns supreme. A lot of the attractions are featured in both parks, but I'm sure you'll go ahead and by a park-hopper ticket anyway. I don't blame you; the Wizarding World is a wondrous place.
Awful,  so crouded you couldn't move.  Over 2 hours per ride.  One bathroom in the area.  if you left the area you couldn't get back in. Stay away
Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey was the main reason my mom, two kids (ages 9 and 10) and I visited Islands of Adventure while vacationing from CA, and it was amazing!   We got to the park before it opened at 8.  We waited at a rope just outside Dr. Seuss land until 8.  We went straight to Hogsmeade to see the Harry Potter land. I saw a bank of lockers just inside Hogsmeade past the train station. Id read that you can't carry anything on the ride so we stowed our things away in a locker there before going on the ride.  The lockers were free for 25 mins.  I think it said it was $3 for up to 55 mins.   Turns out there were more lockers in the line for the Forbidden Journey.  The ones we used were closest to the Dragon Challenge (I think that's what it was called).   When we got to Forbidden Journey I asked the guy at the entrance if my mom could ride the rented electric cart in line.  He told me to have her park it and he would allow us to go in a special way and to tell the other employees that he sent us.   Our wait ended up being only 5 mins.  The other employees allowed us to bypass a portion of the 20 min or so line. This was perfect for my mom who cannot walk long distances.   The ride itself was amazing!!!!!  You sit in a four person bench type seat.  You have a pull down restraint.  The ride is a mix of star tours meets transformers but way way better.   There were some parts that were kind of scary for the younger crowd, but overall it is a ride that any Harry Potter fan will love.   Two thumbs up!
I'm 24 and I thoroughly enjoyed every bit!!! First I had some butterbeer then perused all the shops whilst it rained!!! Did the rides, took some pics and bought some souvenirs!!!
I'm not gonna lie Party Peeps. I guess you can even call me a "Poser" if ya'd like, but I've only seen parts of the first HP movie and haven't read any of the books, BUT I really love what Universal Studios has done with this land. Theming is hardcore and looks pretty authentic in terms of the few photos I've seen here and there. I know virtually nothing about Chocolate Frogs, or most of the characters, or Butter Beer, but I know they serve Butter Beer in this land, it's non-alcoholic, served a couple of different ways, and from what I hear pretty darn good... guess I should've tried some. They even had a Butter Beer Slushie Cart, but alas... like most of the movies and books I did not partake. The whole land is quite beautiful and the Roller Coaster proved quite fun. It goes pretty quickly and yet remains quite smooth. A fun time was definitely had by all. This land proves to be a good size... not too big and not too small (at least to this admittingly not HP Fan!)
We went on a Monday in late October since we thought it was the off-season in the middle of the school week, but it was still packed with European/Australian tourists.   The park is based on the film interpretation of the books, and even though I'm not a huge fan of the movies the architecture of Hogsmeade and Hogwarts was amazing. The shops are tiny and there were lines just to get inside.  It might be helpful to pop into one of the generic Universal stores to see what they have (wands, robes, t-shirts, scarves, stuffed Hedwigs, etc) because you can buy pretty much all of the merchandise there instead of waiting in line inside Dervish & Bangs/Ollivander's.   It is still interesting to walk through the stores when the entry lines have died down and see how they are decorated.  Zonko's has pygmy puffs that are pretty cute in addition to some of the items mentioned in the book (extendable ears, u-no-poo candies) but there are some random toys they added to sucker people into buying. Flight of the Hippogriff was anticlimactic and short,  but good for little kids (basically, the ride is kind of lame if you're over the age of 10). Dragon Challenge was a pretty cool roller coaster with all the loops and twists, although it isn't as magical after finding out it is just an existing ride that was already at Universal that they renamed and redecorated for the Harry Potter island.  You need to store your belongings in a locker, but you don't really need your camera for this ride. The entrance at the gates of the Forbidden Journey ride is a total cluster and could be organized more efficiently. Further up, there are also hoards of people trying to get into the line to the lockers as well as people who are coming off the ride trying to retrieve their belongings from the lockers.  It gets better once you get into the actual line inside the castle after stowing your belongings in a locker.   I was extremely impressed with the execution of the ride, it was done very well and unlike anything I have ever been on at a theme park.  For me, this was the most exciting ride in the park and worth the wait. If you're one of those artsy photographers, it can be a challenge to take people-free photos.  Tourists are EVERYWHERE (at least when we went) and there's a good chance they will inadvertently wander into your frame or some obnoxious kid will want to stick their face into whatever you're trying to take a picture of. Despite the crowds, the Wizarding World of Harry Potter lives up to the hype and was a very memorable experience.
this place has to be one of the best themed attractions i have been to. im not that big of a fan of harry potter but i was very impressed with the design and architecture. the characters and buildings makes it feel like youre in the movie. the shops were great and really captures some of the essences from the movies. the forbidden journey ride was amazing. i had to do it twice. its a virtual 3D ride but i dont think it means any less than the real ones. lots of action going on and totally worth the wait. we went the first thing it opened and we still had to wait a good while. so either go first in the opening of the park or go closer to the closing of the park. it was fairly quick near the end of the day. i dont think i need to tell you to try the butterbeer. everybody does it and you would not want to feel left out. its sweet. it reminds of cream soda and the foam on top is probably some butter cream like frosting...? either way...amazing. wands are everywhere. you can buy them online for a higher price, but tax is cheaper in FL. so if you really want one, i suggest grabbing what you can now.
I had waited for the wizarding world to open for quite some time.  It truly is spectacular to see what you have read come alive.  The reason I take one star off is due to the crowds. I came here last October while in the Orlando area for a wedding.  For a Thursday, it was packed.  Very hard to walk and the lines were insane! However, from the shops, to the butter beer cart and the rides, it truly was amazing.  Firstly, they have some of the shops that they created in the movies. Even if you don't want to spend a million dollars on a golden snitch, you should still look around.  I am, really, I had no idea that they made half of that stuff.  The candy store is great, expensive, but fun. Now, the butter beer is delicious! It tastes like a creamy cream soda with a butterscotch topping.  You can get it either frozen or on the rocks (no alcohol).  It was delicious, will give you brain freeze, but great.  The down side? Waiting in line for a half hour to try it. Another thing I found fun was the reenactments they do.  Stop and look around when you see some people in costumes, it could be worth your while.
Harry Potter/hogsmeade for the win! The forbidden journey is the best ride ever. I loved the fact that each room had decorstions/entertainment that kept you occupied during the wait. You should definitely get a cup of butter beer while you're there. They serve it in souvenir cups if you're interested. I waited for ollivander's show and honestly... It was cool but not worth the 30+ min wait. Overall... It's a dream come true for hp lovers. Definitely make sure you stop by if you're in town.
I visited Harry Potter World this past week.  Hands down, it was cool.  I am glad that I ventured there.  I think I had some really high expectations - and while things were cool, I was a little let down.   Advice - get to the park BEFORE it opens.  We arrived at 8:30 (for 9am opening) and there were plenty of people already there.  Everyone walks straight to WWofHP.  Some people ran, I didn't - and it wasn't really necessary.   We went straight to the ride Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey.  Our wait was about 30 minutes.  We made use of the locker system - very helpful.  You can't carry any bags or large cameras with you (make sure to bring a point and shoot).  There was a line for folks without bags to bypass the lockers - that's nice.   Then there are options of single-riders or group-riders.  We went for the group ride (4 people fit on each car).  If you go as a single rider you miss many of the attractions within the castle.  The line was only 30minutes long but it felt much faster.  There are so many mini-attractions within the line itself that you don't feel like you're waiting in line.  We had a blast watching the pictures move and going through dumbledore's office.  The ride itself was neat! Hogsmeade is SMALL!  Too small.  There were lines to get into every store.  We waited in some - but it wasn't always worth it because the store was SO crowded that you didn't really get to enjoy it.   There are so many unique details to this place - it's a shame that it's so small that it's hard to really enjoy all of them. 5 stars for butterbeer though - the 3 broomsticks was the only place that we didn't have to wait in a long line - but we weren't allowed to sit inside because all we ordered were drinks...
I should start off by saying I'm a huge fan of the books, movies and anything to do with the Harry Potter world. Needless to say I was very excited at the prospect of seeing the WWoHP at Universal while I was staying in Disney World. I think I will just break it down by pros and cons... Pros: The facades were very cool and I loved the winter aspect. Also the butter beer is delicious. Cons: Well there are a lot. First there are only about 4 shops that you can actually enter and they all carry the exact same (super overpriced) merchandise. Don't bother going and waiting (45+ minutes) to get into Ollivander, they only let one person out of 25 get the "wand experience" so you will most likely not get picked. You can also buy the wands at any of the other stores. Secondly, it is so short. I mean you can literally walk from one end to another in 2 minutes or less. Thirdly, there are only 3 rides and they are all roller coasters. I personally do not to like roller coasters so I couldn't ride on anything. Then they tell you that you can go on a walking tour of the castle...okay that's cool. But wait, it's only 2 rooms and then you promptly have to exit though the gift shop. Next, they combined Diagon Alley, Hogsmeade and Hogwarts into one area. Any fan realizes these are very distinct places with different designs and a different feel. In this they are exactly the same. With shops from Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade right next to each other. Finally, the staff members were totally unhelpful. When I asked where to go for the "walking tour" of Hogwarts the guy said "I'm not sure". Are you serious? You work here right?? My advice for real fans? Save your money, go to London and visit the actual sets just outside of London (an easy bus ride). They are open to the public and they are so cool. Much much better than this.
I was going to write a review but Samantha C. of Diamond Bar, CA 's review was so good I don't feel like I need to. If you are a Potter fan - go here. Go here now, as quickly as you can and stay all day. If you are a casual fan - don't go. Muggles are annoying.
Loved it! Everything was amazing! Don't buy a scarf until you've visited all the stores and seen them all. The butterbeer is good frozen or cold, but I prefer it warm/hot like like I had it in England at The Making of Harry Potter studios. Honeydukes was pretty expensive. Everything was basically $10.95-ish, but the bonbons, cauldron cakes, jelly slugs, fudge flies, and fizzing whizbees are so worth it! The journey ride was so cool too! Loved everything about it!
It has been over 5 years since I had a reason to visit Islands of Adventure at Universal Orlando but The Wizarding World of Harry Potter gave me a new reason to visit. I went on a Friday and it was not that packed in the park.  It seemed like everybody was in the Hogsmead section of the park!  The rest of the park was empty.  I have to say that the theme of the area is wonderful.  If you are a Potter fan, this will blow you away.  We went strait to the ride to get that done first.  It was about an hour wait but the line move constantly so you don't feel like you are standing in the same place all the time. The que line was wonderful.  Seeing all of Hogwarts live and in person is great.   The ride itself is one of the best I have ever been on.  I am not a roller coaster person so I am always a bit nervous after seeing all the warning signs posted talking about 'sudden drops, turns, and twists" but I can say it was great!  Nothing to be worried about for those of you like me who don't like coasters.  In fact, we ended up going twice it was that good.  The first time everything was working... the 2nd time the dragon was not working but all in all, it was enjoyable.   After doing the ride, we spent time walking about the area, visiting the shops, and even having lunch at the three broomsticks.  We spent a good 3 hours in the area. Now for the bad stuff... first off, the cast was for the most part, not a happy bunch. Of the 25 or so cast members working the rides, shops, and carts most of them seemed like they did not want to be there.  They were talking among themselves and ignoring the guests.  One thing in particular was at the ride were there were two girls at the entrance talking about what they did the previous night and ignoring the guests.  We got on what we thought was the line but soon found out that it was the line just for the lockers for the ride... which by the way is a complete mess.  They will not allow you to bring anything on the ride so you have to put all your belongings in a locker.  They are free for your use but the kaos of all the guests trying to put their stuff away or picking up their stuff was like a mad house. If you can, don't bring anything with you when you go on the ride.  But I will say the both times we rode the ride, the greeter right inside the attraction after you are done with the lockers was wonderful and greeted guests well.  But after that, all the other cast members were too busy to smile or even say hello. They all looked like they did not want to be there or they were totally over working the attraction. As for the rest of the area, the shops are small and jam packed with people.  It makes it very hard to enjoy the shops when all you do is spend your time maneuvering around other guests.  I never really got to see what they had to sell because of the small spaces.  And again, the cast all seemed to be over it all.   Olivanders was packed and had a long wait to get in so we did not bother with that.  We had lunch at the Three Broomsticks which was actually very nice (see my other review on that!)  I wanted to but a souvenir of some type but it was just to busy to find anything.  Hopefully I will go back when it is slower or at the end of the day to do some shopping. I did get a good laugh when I used the men's room... Moaning Myrtle was in there!  The Butter Beer was wonderful.  I ended up having two!  I also tried the Hogs Head Beer (the real stuff) and it was also very good.  Tasted like a Blue Moon Wheat beer. It was hot... it was sticky... it was crowded... but besides all that, it was worth it.  I gave it 5 stars because I had a great time and this is the best thing Universal has done in a long time.  I would love to see it being larger or even its own park.  Who knows what the future will bring.  If you are a Harry Potter fan, you must visit this adventure!
This was the best ride in the park! You can't use the express pass for this though. Understandable. If you're a Harry Potter fanatic you will pee your pants over this ride. All the effects and props they have as you weave through the halls of Hogswart create just the right amount of build up and anticipation to board your broomstick. Now you may get woosy from all the simulation but I handled it just fine. You literally feel like you're warp speed on some points. The frights are worth it too. They pop up when you least expect it. Anyway, be sure to remember where you placed your belongings in the free lockers they provide. I forgot my locker number and it was definitely overwhelming thinking that someone else could have walked off with your stuff or that you're on an episode of The Amazing Race and trying to locate your locker. Luckily the staff there are willing to help you out however I know that they prefer not to do that since they have to open up all the lockers for that section and have a tech/security watch to ensure that no one else walks off with another person's stuff. Anyway......I'm having Harry Potter withdrawals........
Bomb Diggity. Nuff said.
Very well done!  It really felt like I was in Hogwarts and Hogsmeade!   Cons --Butter beer was too sweet but still worth trying.   --Forbidden journey made me dizzy for an hour --Much too crowded, so I can't wait till they expand it! Pros --Everything else!  It definitely made the trip from California to Orlando worth it!
Butterbeer and the forbidden journey made the trip worth wile. The crowds were insane!!!
