So much fun.  Seriously the best rides in Orlando.  Bonus points for the mass amounts of adult beverages (not just beer and wine people!).  The bars and their drinks to-go make waiting in line (and they're looong) painless. Cons:  long lines (1+ hrs), not as organized as Disney
This park is truly amazing! One highlight of this park would have to be the "Harry Potter" simulator. Even the line for the ride is spectacular! You get to walk throughout the entire castle while the cast guides you along! This ride is very popular, so the line is very long. You will want to get a pass for you and everybody with you, but it will be worth it, considering you could also use it for the other long lines (there are plenty of those!). If you are in for some thrills and are willing to go out of your comfort zone, this is the park for you, considering it has some rides like "The Incredible Hulk", "Dueling Dragons" and "Dr. Doom".There is something for everything at this park, and I am sure that everybody will love it and have a blast!
I think this was my favorite of the amusement parks we visited in our journey to Florida. My inner geekiness had an opportunity to come out upon arriving in the Marvel Island area of the park.  X Men stuff...everywhere!!!  I had to take pictures with all of them, I even considered paying for the professional pic of me with Rogue and Storm!  The Hulk coaster was great and there were hardly any lines all day.  Went on it two or three times.  The Spiderman ride was even more incredible, at one point giving you the illusion of free falling, even though you were barely moving.  The shops in this area embraced my inner geek as well!  Had to buy my souveniers here and a t shirt for myself! The rest of the park was pretty great, as well.  I especially enjoyed the Jurassic Park ride, but could've done without the Dr. Seuss island.  I have a weird thing against Dr. Seuss, I think it has something to do with my upbringing!  I'd also advise you to avoid the Poseidon ride...not so exciting at all. They also offer child swap areas.  These are places where adults can go on the rides they want, while other adults (in their group, of course) watch the kid.  Once the first adults get off the ride, the previous child watchers can get on without waiting in line! And how can I write a review of IOA without mentioning the Dueling Dragons coaster?!  What an awesome concept!  You meander through the tunnels of a medieval castle, then are forced to choose between fire and ice (we chose ice).  The two coasters are started at the same time and come within feet of each other a couple of times along the track.  It was awesome, but scary at the same time!  The line for this was pretty long, but it was completely worth the wait! My internal geek will bring me back here in my next trek to Florida!
Pros: Dr Seuss, Harry Potter, Super Heroes? AWESOME. Cons: Cold food at Three Broomsticks, crappy guest assistance card and a less than stellar parking attendant. My family and I spent a week here in late May. For the most part, we had a great time. My children loved Dr Seuss, Harry Potter and Marvel Island. They also have the BEST LOG FLUME EVER, and the white water rapids ride was also pretty awesome. We enjoyed every single ride, except Dr. Doom, which was a huge disappointment, I was expecting to be raised to the top and then dropped suddenly and quickly.  That's not the way the ride works and it was instead very lame. The Dueling Dragons was an awesome ride but way too short, but you get to see some interesting scenes from HP such as the Triwizard Cup. The HP castle ride scared the crap out of my seven year old and by the time the ride was over she was crying hysterically. The Hippogriff was good for small, inexperienced roller coaster riders, but bigger kids and adults will be disappointed. The frozen butter beer was awesome! It was great seeing Hogwarts when waiting for the castle ride. Hogsmeade was great. The wait for Ollivanders was way too long. My children (ages 10, 6 and 3) all enjoyed Dr Seuss land. We never did get to ride the Hulk. It rained on and off the day we visited and they shut it down all three times we were in line, so we just gave up trying to ride it. The only disappointing part was the Guest Assistance Card. At adisney, if you have a guest assistance card, you essentially skip the line and go to the exit and get on the ride. At Universal, if the wait is over 30min, they give you a return time. This kinda sucks because if you go to bother ride with a over 30 min wait, you have the choice of waiting in line or voiding out your first wait time. This is any area that I think Universal needs to improve in. My only other compliant is that've rented an ECV and were told upon renting it that if we needed assistance getting back to the parking lot after returning it, that someone would be available to push our loved one back. So hours later, when we returned the ECV and inquired about it, the woman chuckled at me and said, "there are wheelchairs right over there for you to push." after telling her what we were told previously she said they didn't push guests to the front and whoever told us that was wrong. Obviously, someone was wrong somewhere. As we were exiting the park, (at City Walk) we stopped at the exact same booth that we originally stopped at and were given the same answer. We then informed them what we were told in the actual park and they just gave us a funny look. There seems to e some confusion. Every other part of our day was great.
I have to be honest that I mostly came here for the Harry Potter Ride. It is probably the best ride I will ever be on. Everything about the ride was PERFECT! I can't say enough about it... As for the rest of the park... No real theme since the park itself seems to be confused. Music on too loud all over the park and if you don't get any headaches from it, you'll definitely get it from the worst thing Poseidon's fury. I felt like I was in a county fair than an amusement park with all the concessions and nasty personalities of the staff. I never thought I would ever say that Mc Donald's was better than any food but in this case I must say that it was better than any food at this park. Food at Confisco - 123 had to be the worst ever! I ordered small cup of potato leak soup and half a turkey sandwich. My husband ordered nachos. The chips were straight out of a stale BAG and the cheese on it was shredded and not melted. We asked for extra jalapenos and the lady had only put 7 slices on this huge mountain of wanna be nachos. My soup and sandwich were so bad that after one bite of each, my plate looked the same. We had a person do a survey with us upon arrival then another person bombarded us as we were leaving. Universal really needs to do something or get someone to organize the park better than it is. Needs an overhaul from head to toe. Stop making yourselves from looking so insecure just because Disney is around the corner. Hire appropriate staff with better customer service skills and redo some of the carnival atmosphere to make it more elegant. Add some of the nicer restaurants you have at Citiwalk in the park. Part of me wishes I could redo the whole thing....it bothered me that much! Harry Potter so worth it but the rest not so much.
I love Universal in that it's quite a bit more adult than Disney and has equally good storylines and queues (as opposed to Six Flags).  For me, there aren't too many "great" attractions here.  They do food queues and pre-boarding queues better than Disney.  I really like how efficiently getting food was here.   For extreme rides, there is a special locker process to go through before you jump in line.  You go to a locker system and "rent" a locker with a biometric scanner.  You must place all large items (and should even place the smaller ones) in here.  It accommodates a school backpack, 17" laptop (not that you would bring one).  It also fits a couple purses or smaller Camel backs.  It would not fit a mountain hiker's backpack.  Based on the estimate waiting times, you will get to rent the locker for that time + 15 minutes for free.  If you take any longer than that, you will have to pay via credit card to get your stuff back out.  How this works when your credit card is in the locker -- I do not know.  If your stuff is stuck inside (the biometrics don't work, the ride took longer than anticipated, you left your credit card inside), you may request an employee to open it for you.  (They are waiting at each locker station.)  Alternatively, you can pay to rent an all-day locker at the front of the park.  In any event, this makes the boarding process more efficient than Disney's method and probably means they can cycle people here more quickly. The attractions are also mostly newer than Disney's, so they seem more ADA-friendly. All-in-all, it was an enjoyable and equally expensive experience as Disney.  I just wouldn't travel to go here just for the park.  I would try and hit other attractions in the Orlando area to make it more worthwhile.  If you're a local, it'd be worthwhile.  On a Saturday in April, wait times did not exceed 40 minutes for me; I averaged a 15-20 minute wait.
This park is pretty small so we were able to easily walk around the park a few times. We came on a week day so we got extremely lucky with the lines. We didn't have to wait more than 30 minutes for a ride...most of the rides had only 5 min wait lines! We were really excited to see the Harry Potter section. The houses and Hogwarts school were really well done. However, the rides weren't too impressive. The wand shop is actually pretty fun as a wizard finds the perfect wand for one of the people in the audience. I was almost tempted to by a $30 wand. The Sinbad show and the Poseidon Fury show were very unimpressive. The costumes looked like bad costumes that were left over from Halloween. Although, I though the Grinch musical was very cute and fun. The workers need to get an attitude check! A lot of the staff seemed grumpy and unhappy. It kind of dampers the mood. They should learn from Disney, where everyone at least looks happy. Overall, I had fun at the park, esp since the lines were so short. The lame rides were excused.  I would rate my day  with 4 stars, but the park only deserve 3 stars. I wouldn't come again for $87 / ticket for one park and one day.
I was a little disappointed by this year's Halloween Horror Nights :( It wasn't as scary, they didn't seeem to have as many employees working, and the lines were all 2 hours long....on a weekday, 3 weeks before Halloween :( The houses were ok, not very scary, Boooooo
Ho Hum. Quite honestly, if it wasn't for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter being in this park I would have never considered a visit. And after visiting, I still stand by that. If you have young children who enjoy Dr. Suess then I suppose this would be fun. That section of the park was visually stimulating. Eh, I'm probably biased since I have Cedar Point here in Ohio and it's tough to compete with the World Class rollercoasters there. I must say though that Universal must really know what they're doing when it comes to getting people through as quickly as possible. The WWOHP was completely packed to the gills but we still didn't wait longer than 45 minutes for anything. (That's great when you're used to Cedar Point and 3 hour lines.)
Let's go through the park, Island by Island: MARVEL SUPERHERO ISLAND: Two of the biggest draws in the Marvel area are The Incredible Hulk Coaster and Doctor Doom's Fearfall, but we didn't go on them because I'm not a roller coaster fan...especially not if I have to wait 75+ minutes to ride it. But we did go on the Spider-Man ride, and it was pretty entertaining.  Definitely one of the better rides in the park; gotta love that 3-D action! JURASSIC PARK: Dinosaurs are EPIC and AWESOME, so how could I not be excited about Jurassic Park?  It's a fun area, with an assortment of activities for all ages.  The Jurassic Park Discovery Center, modeled after the movie's Visitor Center, is a great place to sneak some education into your childrens' fun.  It's not quite as interesting as an adult, though.  Several animatronic dinosaurs seemed to be broken, too, as they weren't moving at all. Pteranodon Flyers looked like it was fun, but we couldn't go on it because we lacked a small child.  It's the first ride I've ever seen that had a maximum height requirement - how weird is that?  "Guests over 56" must be accomapnied by a child meeting the 36" height requirement."  LAME WAY TO HARSH ON MY DINOSAUR BUZZ.\ The River Adventure is pretty fun; on the day we went, it was really cold so the park employees spent a lot of time standing around, desperately trying to convince us to ride. TOON LAGOON: The big problem with Toon Lagoon is it feels very, very dated.  I mean, who reads newspaper comic strips anymore?  OK, I admit that I do, but even I wasn't familiar with many of the characters in this area.  Also, that terrifying Cathy sitting atop a mountain of ice cream with her legs spread wide will haunt me and my boyfriend in our nightmares....UGH.    But the rides in this area are fun - even though it was really bloody cold, we enjoyed Bluto's Bilge-Rat Barges and Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls.  But who watches Popeye anymore?  My boyfriend didn't even know who Dudly Do-Right was!  As charming and nostalgic as this 'island' is, I think Universal might do well to rework the rides for a new theme and scrap the Toon Lagoon. After the two water rides and the Jurassic Park River Adventure, we were soaked, so we tried to use one of the drying machines.  It's expensive - I think $5 for a few minutes - and ineffective; next time, I'll remember to bring a garbage bag to cover my clothes up.  At least the drying machine is cheaper than ponying up for the $8 Universal Studios pancho. THE LOST CONTINENT: This is another area that is staged really well, but feels dated.  It looks great, and as you walk past the shops and food stands you could easily believe you're about to have an awesome, Indiana Jones-style adventure! But this area doesn't really have any good attractions anymore.  Poseidon's Fury is a cheesy attraction full of bad acting and worse costumes.  The effects are neat, I'll give them that - I loved going through the whirlpool tunnel and large flames always get my attention.  But as the showcase of 'The Lost Continent' Island, Poseidon's Fury lacks the punch it needs. The other attraction in this area, The Eighth Voyage of Sindbad, is just awful.  Cheesy, hammy acting.  (The villainess will bring to mind that old Power Rangers nemesis, Rita Repulsa.)  Lame story.  Garish, hideous costumes.  Godawful script.  Do yourself a favor and skip it! Some of the rides in this area were repurposed in Harry Potter land, which explains why it's so small. SEUSS LANDING We didn't spend much time here, but I have to admit it's a cute area.  It really looks like a Seuss book brought to life!  But it targets a younger audience, much like Disney's Toon Town, so my all-adult group didnt linger. And finally, we get to THE WIZARDING WORLD OF HARRY POTTER (I like how Harry Potter Land has a crazy long name, especially compared to the other 'islands.') I have a more in-depth review written in Yelp's Harry Potter-specific entry; check it out when you get a chance.  But my quick impression of the Wizarding World is that it looks great - just like a winter Hogsmeade - and has the best ride in the all of Universal Studios.  Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey is an amazing ride, combining video screen technology and "live action" effects to really thrill you and immerse you in the world of Hogwarts.  The food in this area is excellent, too, miles above the rest of the park.  You can get traditional British fare like Shepherd's Pie or Fish & Chips at The Three Broomsticks, or drink amazing butterbeer, which is available throughout the area.  There's also an area-exclusive beer, and pumpkin juice.  Unfortunately, the place fills up quickly and the shops are small and cramped - so long lines form everywhere.  While we were there, a three-hour queue formed JUST TO ENTER THE AREA.  That's not a line for rides or shops; that's just to get in and walk around the snow-covered streets!  Insane.   But oh, we had fun.
Islands of Adventure is a dated, aging and borderline disapointing park experience. A few notable exceptions: -Hogsmead and the Wizarding World of Harry Potter is a 5 (It is spectacular, but I wish it was expanded, and had more options ,rides and room for the crowds.) -Some of the water rides including Jurassic Park are a 4 (Skip Popeye --you will literally be soaked from head to toe.  There is a reason they sell sweat pants and flip flops at the exit of every Universal water ride.) -Spiderman 3D (very well done) is a 4.5 -the Incredible Hulk Roller coaster (Woo-hoo!) Earnestly, keep your expectations in line, with the strong exception of the Harry Potter area, which is something pretty special. While Harry Potter is a highlight, its a small, unthinkably crowded, but magical section of an otherwise dated, tired and very expensive park that lacks the magic of the Magic Kingdom or the interest of Epcot. If you do come and spend lots and lots of money on one day entry (almost $400 for our family of 3) then at least invest $30 dollars in the pager upgrade feature, which is like a fast-pass for hire, and will save you time in lines, with the exception of Harry Potter, which is worth (can't believe I'm saying this) the two-plus hour wait.
Maybe I'm a Disney World baby, or maybe I just find so much merchandising distatsteful, but I found Islands of Adventure a little boring. It's definitely not a family style park focusing mostly on suspense rides (the kiddie rides are mostly in the Dr. Seuss section). I prefer a park where each section has something for everyone in the family. Also, maybe a few less stores -- for the size of the park, I think there are more stores than rides.
The last time I came to Islands of Adventure was in 2002. It was long overdue!!! This place is huge with an abundance of rides suitable for all tastes. For the roller coaster junkies, there's The Hulk and Dueling Dragons. For the water ride fans there's Popeye, Jurassic Park and Dudley Do-Right. For the kid in everyone, there's Dr. Seuss The Cat in the Hat, which EVERYONE should ride. For the thrill seekers, there's Storm Acceleration (better with two or more people), Drop of Fear and Spider Man (AWESOME). It also has quite a number of eateries and gift shops for those who want to buy their friends at home a trinket. Since we came during the holidays we were able to catch the Grinchmas show. It was simply spectacular! The set was lovely and the actors were really good and sang all the songs. They also used a real dog as the Grinch's pet Max, which I thought was really cool. You can spend an entire day here and not get bored with all that there is to see and do in the park. Cannot wait to return!
One of my favorite amusement parks in the world, literally.  I loved this place as a kid and I continue to have fun every time I visit.  New attractions are always being added, so it never gets old.  There is more than enough to do in one day at this park, and certainly something for everybody.  Everyone should go here at least once, in my opinion!  PS  Best amusement park in Orlando!
With Marvel, Jurassic Park and now Harry Potter, this should be my happiest place on Earth.  Alas, the staff that isn't as nice and a park not as welcoming lowers my rating.   The rides are fine - though I think the park is becoming dated.  No one reads those comic strips anymore, Seuss is fine I guess, and as much as I love Jurassic Park - that area is D-E-A-D.   Welcoming to have Harry Potter show up - now if it would just get the Poseidon BS of a show outta there!
I USED to be the biggest fan of the other theme park. Now Islands is my all time favorite! I go 3 days a week and still can't get enough Harry Potter!!
We went to Islands of Adventure yesterday (and bought annual passes!) and had a blast!  The first area that we went to - of course - was Harry Potter! We were starving so we ate at Three Broomsticks, first.  I had the fish and chips which was very good and Bill had the Shepards Pie which he said was fair.  I ordered the Butter Beer and was suprised that I actually liked it! Next, we went on the Dragon Adventure ride and did not have to wait for longer than five minutes which was awesome.  We then waited to experience the wand shop.  I have to say that the demonstration before getting into the wand shop was a little disappointing but it was fun to look around the shop although it is an obvious tourist trap! The Castle was definitely my favorite part of the Harry Potter World.  The Quidditch match was great - 4D experience that really felt like you were flying right along side Harry.  The details within the Castle were also impeccable. In addition - my other favorite parts of the Island was the Superman ride and the Hulk ride (which I think I may have gotten a slight concussion from! ) I also thought walking through the Dr.Seuss area was pretty cool however, Dr.Seuss freaks my Bill out sooo needless to say, we did not spend much time here! One piece of advice - SKIP THE POSEIDON show.  It was absolutely TERRIBLE and cheesy.  I seriously wish I could get back this hour of my life after waiting and having to endure this awful experience.  I also was not a fan of the toon area - I hear that the water rides here are pretty good but we did not do those this time around.
The Hulk coaster was awesome! MIB alien encounter ride was fun because I am super-competitive - hubby didn't even come close to my score! Simpons Ride was surprisingly enjoyable, had dips and twists I didn't expect. Mummy revenge was a fun inside coaster. Shrek 4-D was super-cute, I just love Shrek. We got a great deal for both parks for unlimited 2-weeks pass through our resort. Just parking is $14 daily, if go with a group, take turns with who picks this up. Have fun!!!
Islands of Adventure is wicked twin sister of Universal Studios. From the outside it looks the same, but inside they are completely different.  If Universal Studios was a quiet Christian girl, Islands of Adven is the high school drop out that started stripping at 16! It is filled with thrills and excitement, not to mention there are beer stands at every corner. There are tons of roller coasters and thrill rides to keep the kids happy. They have several areas for the little ones to play and get wet. This is my favorite theme park in Orlando!
My favorite park and the best time of my life. Everything is amazing.
Okay we had a great time at the park! But, we bought day passes and then unlimited fast passes because you spend so much time waiting in line! The place is always crazy crowded. The irritating thing was that it was $89.99 EXTRA for the fast pass and it's a card you have to carry around. You can buy a holder for an extra $9.00 which is ridiculous! And.. The fast pass doesn't work on every ride. and of course it is their TOP rides it doesn't work on. We still had a great time. I would still choose Universal over Disney!
Can I get my money back? Even the rides couldn't make up for this overcrowded mess. They need more sheltered areas to wait. Saw someone pass out in the line for potter. Easy pass costs and makes others feel second class. Highlight of the whole day was if I ran the zoo which was basically a glorified water hose. If you are planning a trip, expect long lines and meltdowns. Not much for little kids either.
I have to admit: Disney rides suck compared to the Islands of Adventure ones BUT BUT BUT I have to say as well, cast members are very rude and they don't care if you are satisfied or not. Hulk ride is A M A Z I N G.  the first time i did it (yeah it took me more than half an hour, lines are so fuckin long there and fast pass is too expensive) i got on the front (just by chance it will never happen to anyone again!!!) as lines are divided into people who wanna ride together (longer waiting time) and single riders who don't matter to be splitted, so it happened that they needed one to sit in the front as there where just 3 ppl seated. It was Awesome, who cares if i wasn't with my friends but with unknown, i was in the front :). I don't need to say that however my favourite section of this park  is the Harry Potter one! The castel and the dragoons rides are equally awesome (with the exeption of the spiders part, i am aracnofobic and i had to close my eyes). We got there pretty early so we didn't stand so much in the line, but normally people must wait a lot to enter HP's world. I got an annual pass for the 2 parks for 160 dollars (if i remember correctly) and i found it very cheap compared to the normal price for one day entrance. A piece of my heart is still riding there :)
This was my first time here.  The rides & shows they had to offer were pretty good.  The new Harry Potter area looked very realistic compared to the movies.  We went there when the park opened.  You want to hit up this area first since majority of the people are coming to check out all the new attractions there.
This amazing theme park just got better with the addition of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.   Went here a couple weeks ago and to my surprise, the lines were not bad at all!  An hour wait for the new Harry Potter ride which soars through Hogwarts and escapes dragons and spiders and other surprises!  Potter fans won't be disappointed! Also, tried out the "butter beer" in which they have two types!  Tap and slush form are offered.  I had the chance to try both and the tap version tastes a lot like cream soda with a butter scotch froth on top.  As the slush form was a little sweeter with the same froth on top that they add on separately.  Very innovative!   The rest of the park has been around a while.  I used to work here at the port of entry at a restaurant named, Confisco's Grill.  Decent food for a theme park restaurant.  They also have a nice full bar.   This theme park is the most innovative, colorful, and creative park I've been to.  Each island is so detailed and well thought out.  The service is great every time I come too!
We live in the area and have passes to all the parks. Overall, the Universal parks are my favorites. Islands of Adventure has most of the trill rides. The rides, environment, etc are great. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is the food. The food in the park is pretty bad. This is one of the few areas Disney has Universal beat hands down.
We came here for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Our daughter is a huge fan (though we all enjoy the books and movies). WWHP is the best part of Islands of Adventure, I have to say. Universal has done a great job in creating the look and feel of Hogsmeade. We tried some butterbeer, which was way too sweet but still good. The candy shop has some cool stuff, but (like everything else) it's ridiculously expensive. The rides in this part of the park are a lot of fun, but you have to get here early, or you'll be waiting a long time. Our longest wait wasn't even for a ride -- it was to get into Olivander's wand shop. They do a little "wand choosing" show, which was cute but not worth the wait. All the gift shops in WWHP seem to be mobbed all day long. You can barely get inside to take a look. The rest of the park was just okay. Food choices here are mostly bad. We had burgers from a diner and they were barely edible. The Spiderman ride was fun, but I can't think of anything else outside of WWHP that I enjoyed.
I always have fun here! Be sure to get a turkey leg they are soooo good.
I'll review all the non-Wizarding World of Harry Potter stuff here, since I wrote a separate review for all things Potter! Planning a trip to this park during the off-season? Genius! Torrential downpours the day we arrive? Awful! Actually, it ended up being a blessing in disguise. The lines to everything were short since not everyone was willing to brave the elements. The 3-D Spider Man ride is a little cheesy but still a lot of fun.Dudley Do-Rights Ripsaw Falls terrified me, as I'm not a fan of water rides with sudden dips, but I'm sure if you're not a wuss like me this ride is right up your alley. The Jurassic Park River ride was another water ride but less intense, so I didn't mind it as much. Poseidon's Fury was probably my favorite attraction during my visit. The "archaeologist" was really funny and the show itself was entertaining.
Harry Potter was great! But beware of booking the Universal Harry Potter package deal. There was no shuttle for early admission from the partner hotel, no such thing as 'preferred seating' and breakfast reservation meant nothing. We missed out on early admission since the shuttle wasn't running, and Universal was the one that recommended we take the 7:30 shuttle when we booked the package. We asked guest services at Universal that our 2nd day ticket be upgraded to multipark so we could plan to arrive early the next day.  Their response 'sure, for $20 per ticket', we'd already paid over $700 for the package . When we asked for reimbursement of parking, they were rude and blamed the hotel.  Guess we were spoiled by customer service at Disney.  Don't expect anyone to go out of their way at Universal.
The best thing about it is World of Harry Potter (see my separate review of this).  This is awesome and kind of worth the price of admission IF anyone in your group is a fan.   Otherwise, this park feels overpriced compared to your other choices.  At $90 for a one-day, one-park-only ticket, this is $8 more than a Disney ticket. Plus they charge $1 more for parking ($15 vs $14). So they are setting themselves up for comparison to Disney. If their price was considerably less, then your expectations wouldn't be as high, right? If you've got little kids, then the Dr. Suess area is pretty cool. It's like ToonTown without the cloying treacly sweetness.  Otherwise, it's a skip. Jurassic Park area has two cool rides, the River Adventure and the Pteranodon Flyers. But the Jurassic Park movie was, what, about 20 years ago?  Time to update and make some changes. Overall, this park just seems a little tired and in desperate need of updating.  If they can add another smash hit like Harry Potter World, then they'd be a Disney contender.
In November 2010, my wife, two boys (then aged 9 and 11) and I visited Orlando, staying for four days at Universal.  On our last day we ate breakfast at The Islands restaurant in the Lowes Royal Pacific Hotel.  Our youngest son has a milk allergy, and so we asked to talk to the chef about dairy free options for him.  Upon the commitment from the chef that the pancakes were dairy free, we ordered the dish and realized almost immediately our son was having an allergy attack.  After spending the rest of the afternoon helping him recover in our hotel room, I contacted customer service in hope something could be done to prevent this incident in the future.  The customer service agent insisted on providing us four free tickets to the park in compensation for the day we missed due to the allergy attack - which I considered an unnecessary but generous offer. On March 30th 2012, I brought my family back to Universal for a day, redeeming the four free tickets.  We again stayed in the Royal Pacific, and again ate at The Islands.  The chef came out to talk to us about dairy free options, and recommended the dairy free pasta and meatballs.  We checked and double-checked with the chef that the meatballs were non-dairy, and he assured us they were.  Upon eating a meatball, my son started to have an allergic reaction.  We managed to get to the park, but he was feeling badly and within an hour we were back at the hotel helping him manage a full fledged allergy attack.  After a second follow on attack later that night, he recovered. The hotel manager asked that we file an incident report, and personally spoke to the manager at The Islands to ensure we would have a safe breakfast before leaving.  To our surprise, the restaurant manager offered us dairy free pancakes again.  We asked to see the packaging, and found the pancake mixture clearly stated that it contained milk.  After a long and embarrassing discussion with the restaurant manager with my 10 year old son embarrassed to the verge of tears, we finally were able to get a safe breakfast for him. Our visit to Universal was part of a four day surprise trip for my youngest son's 11th birthday.  While our trip outside of Universal was a success, our first day was a terrible experience for our family. The above information was provided to Universal customer service with absolutely no response (trust me, I would be turning down the free tickets this time).  I am posting on TripAdvisor in hope Universal takes seriously the potential fatal impact to children in not providing accurate data to your guests.  While my only experience was The Islands restaurant, it seems clear there is a lack of education among the staff on our two separate visits.  If you make a dish from pre-packaged ingredients that contain an allergen, no matter how you prepare it, that dish will in the end contain that allergen.  There also seems some some belief that a vegan dish is the same as dairy free - when in fact vegan dishes can actually contain milk that can be fatal to an allergic child. Universal NEVER followed up with my incident report or my later customer service case.  I fear it will take a serious attack on a child before the company changes course.  In the meantime, I highly recommend parents with children with serious allergies go to Disney.
Of all the parks in Orlando, I'd have to say that this one's the most entertaining. It's a big-kids kind of place. Visual candy all around. Different "islands": comics, jurassic park, SEUSS LAND(!).. everything was fun to look at. The Hulk and Spiderman rides were awesome. Dueling Dragons was pretty sweet too, Fire trumps Ice. SeussLand was SO CUTE. All those Thing things. haha troublemakers. OH.. and the BEST part?? They have FREE lockers (for the first hour and a half). You know how rides force you to NOT have a bag or any belongings and make you pay with the quarters that you don't just happen to be carrying around for a locker that is used for the 20 minutes it takes you to wait on line and ride the ride? Well Studios AND Islands have FREEEEE lockers! So fancy. So thoughtful of them. Try to avoid going on weekends if at all possible. It was PACKED. I think all the local teens hit it up and it gets ridiculous. The Jurassic river ride wait was 70 minutes. SEVENTY. We just left and went back on Monday instead. The wait was about 15 minutes then. Definitely get the combo Islands/Studios/Citywalk 7-day unlimited ticket. SO WORTH IT. The only hassle is the lack of access to the park from I-Drive (by PT). The trolley drops you off at Wet n Wild, then you either have to pay a cab or walk about a mile and only weird number Lynx buses go there. Ones that you can't easily pick up from I-Drive. Other than that, Islands is so very fun.
Of the two Universal Orlando parks, this is by far the superior park. My favorite sections are the Harry Potter section and the Marvel section. The Harry Potter section is an experience and the Marvel section features one of the best rides in the whole park, the Incredible Hulk coaster. You can even take pictures with the Marvel characters at certain times of the day. Definitely a fun park to experience, you could spend a whole day here if you wanted. However, the lines can get long so hopping over to Universal Orlando for the middle of the day is a good option.
Great amusement park!  My boys love it, especially my 10 year old who is a Harry Potter fan.  He was also my riding buddy on all of the coasters including the Dueling Dragons and The Hulk.  My youngest had us riding Hippogryph about 8 times, but he loved it. Jurassic Park is getting a bit dated, so we didn't do much there.  The Dr. Suess area was great and we were able to get a picture with the Grinch for Xmas.
There is a reason why I don't go to Orlando often.  I freaking love it.  There is so much to do at any theme park you go to.  Islands of Adventure was quite fun.  I didn't like how much they charge for parking, but you kind of forget about it when you're having an adventure.  It wasn't as crowded as I thought it would be this past weekend, which is awesome.  I hate waiting in long lines for a 60 second ride.  We will go in the single riders line to avoid this to eliminate spending that much time.  I like the Hulk and the Harry Potter rides the most.  I never seen the comic or read the series or saw the movies for both, but I experienced the kick ass sensation from it.  I was so excited to see Dipping Dots ice cream store at the park that I chowed down on a chocolate chip dough ice cream inside of a waffle cone within a few minutes.  There's always a kid inside of you!
it is so worth it to get a hotel package that includes early access to park, express ride pass, and city walk pass. Hotels nearby are nice, and family friendly. I don't have kids, but I still appreciated the resort type atmosphere. Save yourself hours in line for the new Harry Potter ride, Forbidden Journey, by using your early access pass. You get in about hour and a half earlier than the public. 20 min in line ONLY, and it's an awesome ride. Because of the Harry Potter section, and high interest, all the other rides do not have long wait lines. Sweeeet... Great vacation destination!
This is a great theme park, love all the rides there and when I went in early Oct, if you get to the park for the opening then you can get around the park without any lines. Fantastic.
Universal has two parks - islands of adventure where harry potter is and studios Islands of adventure is much better than studios and you ask me why? HARRY POTTER HARRY POTTER HARRY POTTER - the best simulated ride and 5 minutes go by in 2 seconds Spiderman show was good Sindbad show was fun Did all the water rides and you do get drenched so definitely wear your boardshorts and flipflops Had lunch at Mythos which was decent Now onto the Studios Park Shrek is a fun ride and so is MIB, Terminator, Twister! ET was also great Simpsons jerks way too much for a stationary ride LOL
One of my favorite amusements parks in the nation! Hands down! If you love roller coasters-this is the place to be. First stop, the Incredible Hulk....No Comment...just ride it..then get at me :). Next stop...Spiderman....way too cool Third Stop, Dueling Dragons....the ride is ridiculous...be sure to ride both sides (fire and ice)...you will not regret it. I know I may sound like a 14 year old boy but....coming here instantly transforms you into a kid...all you wanna do is run around and ride rides, eat funnel cake and that awesome Turkey Leg and.....get a Margarita at Margaritaville :)
What else can be said about Islands of Adventure (IOA) that hasn't been covered in the 67 previous reviews?  In short, IOA is for the biggest kids out there, we're talking 8 - 80 and everything in between.  While Universal Studios is a more sedate, movie focused theme park, IOA amps it up with the thrill rides.  Must do's are The Hulk, Dueling Dragons and Spiderman.  Got to try out the new Simpsons ride this week which was fun and I really enjoy Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges (FYI, you WILL get wet on this ride, store your clothes someplace to minimize the impact!).  Let's just say that if it makes you sick or gets you wet, I'll probably enjoy it.  Outside of the rides, I love to hang out in Toon Town, drenching riders with the squirt guns/showers next to Bluto's.  Totally juvenile but clean fun at a quarter a pop.   The park is easy to get around, a long loop so you're never really lost.  There are several main areas: Marvel Superheros, Toon Town, Jurassic Park, Poseidon's Fury, Jurassic Park and Cat in the Hat.  Food and facilities are decent, plenty of bathrooms, food and drink options which you'll need on a hot day.  There are misting fans and seating every now and then if you need a quick break.  The food is typical park fare: turkey legs, hot dogs, pizza and slushees.  A bit expensive but not more than a movie theater.   Universal has some All you can Eat/Drink deals, check em out if you think you'll be spending a full day here. Ticket prices aren't cheap but they aren't anywhere in Orlando.  Buy them online to save yourself a buck or two. Next year they'll be bringing the Harry Potter section of the park online, woohoo!  One main complaint is the crass commercialism you'll see at IOA, most attractions end up in a souvenir store where they hawk photos, toys and doo-dads for the kids.  It can be a bit much but just ignore it if if ain't your thang!  Overall IOA is a great way to spend the day with your bigger kids, maybe it's your husband, your boyfriend or your nephew but you can't go wrong there!
I absolutely loved it here. I live in California and although we have a Universal Studios, we do NOT have an Islands of Adventure and so being here was amazing. After visiting, I'm convinced that all this "fun stuff" is better in Florida! Its really a comparison thing for me. In CA, we have to go to Six Flags Magic Mountain to ride a roller coaster. But here they were right at Universal. Whoooa. And there's one water ride that I do not remember what the name of it was, but I do remember how great it was! This was a REAL water ride. We stepped on the ride completely dry but stepped off in extreme laughter at the fact that we were as wet as we were. This ride alone makes this place deserve a five star rating to me but that's not even all. The shows were genuinely worth watching and every single ride we rode was great! Haven't visited for Harry Potter yet, but we will return for that!
PROS: lots of great rides! like coasters and water rides! love it!! CONS: should have gone here first instead of Universal Studios. They had a 2for1 deal.. pay about $90 or so per ticket.. get entrance to both Universal Studios and Island of Adventures. I loved the coasters and the water rides.
We went for Harry Potter, but after we finished up there, we explored the rest of the park.  The Seuss land is really cute, and the How the Grinch Stole Christmas Show is worth seeing.  The Spider Man ride is pretty awesome, very similar to the Forbidden Journey except with 3D glasses.  The Hulk is a great roller coaster.  Doctor Doom's Fear Fall was probably our longest line, and also the shortest ride.  I would have liked a few more drops.  Because of Harry Potter I guess, the lines for the rest of the park are pretty reasonable especially in the morning.  We did Harry Potter as soon as it opened, then took a breakfast break, and then moved on to the rest of the park.  Universal definitely has more extreme rides than Disney, so probably appeals more to an older crowd.
Last weekend, my boyfriend and I went to Islands of Adventures and had an amazing experience! Universal Studios in itself is an experience but Islands of Adventures features the rollercoasters and numerous other heart-racing, weeeeeeeeeeeee- don't want this day to be over attractions that are excellent for just about any age! If you like an adventure: this is where you need to be. Unlike the summertime, the theme park was a wee bit less crowded but still a very substantial crowd! We tried EVERY attraction (except for Toonland and um, the flying Jurassic PArk one... definitely doing that one next time). Had a crazy good time on the water ride as well as the Hulk and Spiderman! I'm smiling from ear to ear as I type this because the memories are so strong! Parking is $15; food and drinks are the expenses to be smart about.... I suggest a good breakfast if you are staying at one of the hotels Gianna mentioned or somewhere close, they offer breakfasts specials and such... They are currently running an All Day Meal Pass for $20 a person *drinks not included* at various locations around the park, which is a sweeet deal! (We ate our big lunch @ Comic Book Cafe [think that's what it 's called] and it was decent, nothing to rave about). Now for Harry Potter, I hate to be the one to daay it but.... I should have read ALL the books/seen ALL the movies to truly appreciate the beauty of the newest attraction. I will say this, the ingenuity and passion that goes into recreating the Harry Potter experience is phenomenal! Everything feels so real! LOVE Deuling Dragons!!!!! Rode the blue and red one (it was just that good). Cannot wait for my next trip there!!!
Took my 2 teens to Orlando and this was the main stop because my daughter is addicted to Harry Potter. Went in May, so lines were short and didn't need an express pass. Enjoyed it so much more than the Magic Kingdom. Not a fan of the Hogwartz 4D ride, it was well done, but I usually don't get sick from rides and this left me queazy for a long time. If you get motion sickness at all, stay away. from this one. The roller coaster ride in the Harry Potter section was great. Also, the frozen Butter Beer was fantastic, my daughter thought it was a little too sweet, but I loved it. We had a really great day, and since there were small lines had plenty of time to go to both parks that day. Definitely enjoyed it more than the regular Universal Park, but that was good too. This is definitely the more thrill oriented park, so only go if that is your thing. I would have given it 5 stars, but I think it was a little over priced. Yes, I expect to pay a lot for a theme park, but the price was just a little unbalanced.
This was a fun park with  a lot of awesome rides. I've been so used to water rides on the west coast where you MAY get wet during the rides. The water rides here you WILL not only get wet but drenched so be prepared! There is like one Human Dryer that I thought was a good idea but I think they should be put by all the water rides. The water ride that I enjoyed the most was Jurassic Park because the dinosaurs looked so real! We also went to the Harry Potter side of the park . I've never seen any of the movies or read the books but I still think it looks very authentic. It was weird to see 20 min lines just to get in the stores. I really enjoyed the ride that takes place in the castle. We waited about 40 min in line but I was never bored because it's entertaining inside the castle. There are pictures that talk and the decor in there is very cool. The ride was a mixture of actual things like spiders coming at you and a virtual broom ride. It stopped just in time because if it went on for a moment more I would have tossed my cookies! (vomited). I went on the Hulk ride which I wouldn't recommend if you just ate my breakfast was shaken and stirred ! My eyes were shut the whole time because I was so scared! This park closes early for their Horror nights in October but they stay open one hour later the Universal Studios. Please don't make the same mistake as I did and think they have the same hours because they don't.
The Hulk ride was Aaammmaazzing! Front car, baby! Probably one of the best roller coasters outside of Cedar Point or Six Flags. The park has a nice layout and is of course completely decorated like any park competing with Disney should be. I liked it and would go back.
Greatest amusement park experience of my life! Hands down! Spent 13 1/2 hrs here this past saturday and loved every minute of it! Not a Harry Potter fan, but loved the whole area! That simulator ride is incredible! Best ride of the day! As opposed to DL Hollywood, it took forever to cover the park on foot. All of the themed areas are so greatly detailed and so much fun to wander around. I would strongly reccommend buying the unlimited  fastpass, Its a little pricey but well worth it and greatly enhances the park experience! We rode several rides over and over and felt like kids! It was a blast! Best rides: Harry Potter 3D ride Incredible Hulk Spiderman Dudley Do Right Ripsaw(you get drenched!) Popeye Barge Ride(you get even more soaked) The Poseiden Adventure was a lot of fun as well. The only negative I can remember was the food. We got the unlimited food for the day for 20.99. Was a good deal, but the food is very much like cafeteria food and the wait for the food was much worse than for the rides. And the only less than pleasant employees we encountered the entire day was in the Captain America diner, but we refused to let some "Debbie Downer" ruin our great day! We enjoyed our day here 10 times more than we did at WDW. It wasnt even close.
I seriously don't know how anyone could not give this place 5 stars.  It was amazing.  It was breathtaking.  It was clean!  We went the weekend of Feb 4th so it was a low attendance weekend (which is probably why our experience is so 5 stars).  The eye for detail at Universal is the thing that cannot be overlooked.  The devil my friends is in the details....like being called a Muggle upon entering Harry Potter's world.  Or the shadows dancing in the rafters at the restaurant in Hogsmead.  Or the dinosaurs in the Jurassic Park display being able to move their heads.  So many little details that make the experience more of a transport into another world.  I was an absolute KID in this place.  Loved every single minute of it.
My husband and I took our 11 year old and 13 year old this week (June) on a Wednesday. Bought our tickets the day before on the universal website for $99 each adult. When you get to the park you just need to go to a kiosk and print your ticket. We got there 1/2 hr before park opened and there was no waiting at the kiosk. Do not buy your tickets from your hotel concierge. They have to make a commission . Ours was charging $118/ticket Very crowded this time of year and hot!! Wait time for rides averaged 70 minutes. Definitely worth it to get a fast track this time of year. Harry Potter area is vet cool but diagon alley not open until I believe July 14th. Parking $14, for self park. Valet parking available. Lockers $8. Food at least $10 for a simple sandwich not including a drink. Wished we would have gone to magic kingdom instead. We could only afford to do one park since we knew, after purchasing 4 adult tickets, parking, food, lockers etc, it would be a $400+ day, we thought, for our kids age group, this park would be the best. We were disappointed that there were few shows and really not a lot of rides. Only one show was open, the others weren't operating that day. With wait times and heat exhaustion we only went on 5 rides before we went home at 5 pm, even though we got there when it opened. I think there is a lot more money in Disney and the park and shows are more spectacular. Now I am basing that on Disneyland because I have not been to the Magic Kingdom. Disney land has a lot more shows, better quality, and more rides. If you stay in a Disney property you do get to get into the park 1 hour early. I would suggest hitting the Harry potter rides first if you get I In Early because they had the longest wait times all day. We did not stay at a park property but went straight to Harry potter area when general public was let in and wait time was already 65 minutes! It never went below that wait time right up until 5 pm. The time only went up to 70-75 minutes. Food was not great. Bring snacks and a water bottle you can refill to save money. You can keep snacks in your locker. Must have a frozen Harry Potter Butter Beer it is super refreshing, non alcoholic sweet drink, with a butterscotch flavor. Don't stand and wait at an outdoor cart like everyone else to get one. There is a cafe in the Harry potter village that has a bar on one end. Don't stand in line with all the people waiting for a table to eat. There is another door, leading to the bar. You can then sit in the outdoor covered patio that people don't seem to know about because it was virtually empty despite the mass crowds! Where tennis shoes or your feet will hurt from all the walking. Bring some flip flops for when your ready to do the water rides because you will get soaked! Women, don't wear white shirts or shorts or you will regret it once wet! Best advice would be to avoid June, July or August. Way too hot, and crowds way too big creating long wait times. It's very exhausting for kids and parents to spend most of your time standing in line. Research the parks and what your kids and you are most interested in.
Can I just say how much I absolutely love and adore this place! I've been wanting to come to Islands of Adventure since I was 8! I think that was about the time when it had first opened. Though, I never had the chance to until recently. I was extremely lucky because my cousin works here and he took my best friend and my family here for free as a belated birthday present! I got to see Harry Potter World for the first time, and I was blown away by how it was so similar to the movies! It was absolutely spectacular. I recommend coming here first thing when you enter the park because it gets crowded so quickly! The day I came here, it rained a lot, so I did get extremely soaked. One thing I recommend is if you come around end of May, beginning of June, pack a raincoat just in case. The day I went, I didn't bother to bring one, so I was completely soaked from head to toe. Nonetheless, I had an amazing morning and afternoon before any of that happened. Some rides I recommend over at IOA: 1. The Harry Potter ride inside the Hogwarts Castle! Come there early, because the lines will get long, though the wait time does fluctuate. I've been told that the wait can go up to an hour and a half! Also, you have to rent out lockers before going on this ride, but its free for an hour or so. 2. The Spiderman Ride! This one was really cool. The wait also gets really long. There's a lot of footage from the Spiderman cartoon series while waiting in line. The wait can get up to an hour or over it, but I believe its worth the wait! 3. The Hulk Rollercoaster! I am an absolute roller-coaster junkie. I live for the adrenaline rush! This one was no exception. There are a couple of loops, but my favorite thing about this roller-coaster is that you're being shot up into a tunnel instead of being pulled up. 4. The Cat in the Hat ride. Definitely got a headache from this ride, but its a lot of fun. 5. The Popeye Water Ride. I forgot what its called, but this one got me soaked. This ride goes really fast, so if you're afraid to get wet, bring a raincoat! The day I came here was Memorial Day, so it was really crowded. I recommend coming here on a weekday that isn't a holiday. The wait might be a lot shorter! Also, don't miss out on Butterbeer. Its worth a try! Try to avoid buying too many souvenirs, they get pretty pricy!
My Ratings:  (2005 Visit) Quantity: 4 - Plenty of fun things to do! Quality: 4 - Lots to do! Price: 4 - Pricey for one day Location: 4 - Cool place! Parking: 4 - Parking lot (you pay!) Service: 3 - Good Speed: 3 - Good Overall: Did lots of rides, watched plenty of shows, ate really good food! I can't wait to go back for more! My Opinion/Story: My first time here was the best!  I really enjoyed all the thrill rides and there are plenty of things for different people with different level of fear! There are rides kids and adults would enjoy and other rides that thrill seekers would love.
Great day of fun! Group of 4 adults in the sweltering heat of late August and we rocked it! Universal had lots of ways to cool off (beer being my favorite) unlike Epcot where we were the day before. Water rides, slushies and the occasional fountain and mister were life savers. We had a lunchtime storm that shut a lot of rides down and an end of day storm that also did. heavy rain is a real thrill kill. Lunch at Mythos was excellent and dinner at Margaritaville was good and the entertainer was fun. Looking forward to the Harry Potter ride that was being built. 1 (never again) - 5 (again and again!) rating on rides I went on: 4 Spider Man -- 3D ride set up like Indiana Jones with the rotating large capacity sitting space, not actually a roller coaster. 3D was very cool! Ac for line inside - the line had lots of things to look at also to keep you partially occupied. 5 Hulk -- super fun! Bangs you around a bit near the end so hang in tight or risk a headache. AC for line inside. 5 Popeye & Bluto -- Water rafting at it's wettest. I've never gotten so soaked on one of these before. Drenched! 3 Jurassic River -- Entertaining but not very exciting until the very end. Dinosaurs were mediocre. Minimal wetness. 4 Dueling Dragons -- Very fun! No AC in the line though. Also, one of the dragon's kept shutting down so the full experience thrill of the 2 at a time was lost. 4 Poseidon's Fury -- Our guide was awesome, anyone with less character would have made this "adventure" less entertaining. The water tube/hall thing is very original, I want one in my house! Lots of fire - very hot waves. Overall "3D" effect was OK. 3 Cat in the Hat -- very much like Disneyland's Fantasy rides for kids.
So I totally came here for Harry Potter.. But I was super happy to find out that there were actually 7 islands of adventure with different themes.  The themes ranked in personal preference: Harry Potter Dr. Seuss Marvel Super Heros Lost Lands (Alantic/Greek type theme) Cartoon (Popeye etc) Jarassic Park Port Authority (shops and food) Each island is wonderfully decorated and themed... I thought i would spend the entire time in the Harry Potter island but the other islands were really captivating.. and i got a pix of spider man so i'm happy!!
LOVVVIIIITTT!  We had SO much fun here... Gosh, vacations with fun-filled theme parks are what we all live for right?
I had the most amazing experience here yesterday, I had been wanting to come to universal studios since the completion of the Harry Potter themed part of the park went up. I loved every second of the rides and fellow fans. but as i want to be very neutral in this report here are the facts: 1. food: delicious. We decided to forgo the nice "meal deal" they have which is inexpensive if you feel like you will be eating all day ( however with this deal you may only eat in three "restaurants" within the park so you cant just go to the road vendors and pick up a tasty turkey leg if you liked.) My friends and I ate at the Three broomsticks in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, all the food was delish!!! yummmy! the butter beer was something new and very good, exactly how i had imagined butterbeer to taste. there was also a drink called pumpkin fizz that had an interesting taste and very good as well :) 2. rides: this is were the park only gets 3 starts from me. While they made my dreams come true witht he ability to walk around in a replica of the harry potter universe, it was terribly disappointing when i was unable to go onto the " forbidden journey" ride. I was unable to get on due to being 2 inches from the harness snapping shut all the way.... :( yes... i did cry. i was upset... I believe that they should have though of this fact before opening. This is a big problem too as i did not find out i could not get on until i got into the actual SEAT. :( WTF!? then they tell me "oh... you must have missed the test seat screening area" um.. uh duh maybe i did. 3. continued for rides: the forbidden journey was not the only ride i could not get onto. Yes people i'm overweight but it's a nice curvaceous good looking overweight, i'm not morbidly obese... i have a nice ass.. and my ass was my downfall for some other rides. my hips didnt let me sit in two other "test" seats. the Hulk and Dr. Doom's Fear Fall. Both of which were my favorite rides in the park. I was mortified... and yes i will try to lose the weight so that next year i can get on it.... but seriously... you need to have a realllllllllly tiny ass to get into these seats... don't risk embarrassment like i did. :( oh well there is always next year!
They play it a little tight on the pregnancy restriction on rides, my poor wife sat out on so many things we decided to go on two rides we knew would be fine for her.  Fast lines good Florida residents rate.  The pay for skipping lines should be gotten rid of.  Hogwarts coming soon!
Probably my favorite theme park in ze world (and I've been quite a few places). Best for older kids/young adults/adults with young hearts. Here are some tips if you're going to enjoy your time: 1. Stay on location. The Loews Hotels are really nice and it's really convenient to just hop on a ferry (or walk) to the parks - BUT the biggest benefit is free Express Passes + 1 hour early entry to the parks. This alone is worth the higher hotel cost! The express pass you get from staying on the resort cannot be purchased - the ones they sell in the park are only good for 1 time per ride vs the unlimited uses the resort guests get (and it's included in your stay). We were there 2 full days and did almost every ride and the longest we waited was probably 15 minutes - most of the time we were on the ride in 5. 2. Eat there. Universal's food is some of the best at theme parks - Mythos is a must (it's in IoA). Also a great choice is Bica, but it's fairly expensive and at the Loews Portofino hotel - so you'll want to plan that out (dress nice!) 3. Do Harry Potter early. Especially if you stay on resort, the extra hour is a perfect time to take care of business  in HP World. Also, instead of eating breakfast before you go, spend an hour in HP world and eat breakfast at the three broomsticks once the park opens - it's the only time you can eat in HP world without a really long wait, and you'll have already knocked out the busiest part of the park before it even opens. Note - the 3 Broomsticks is way overpriced for breakfast (think $16/plate for breakfast) & isn't exactly gourmet (it's good, just not that good). It's still worth doing once if you are really into the whole HP scene and don't mind dropping the cash. 4. Don't do the Atlantis "ride." What a joke.
Although we did not have tickets into Universal, they were tremendous in helping me with some mugs.  I had some friends watching my daughter's pets while we were gone.  They are huge Harry Potter fans.  I went to guest services and explained that all I wanted were two Harry Potter Butterbeer mugs.  She brought me two mugs.  They went above and beyond to help me out.  Awesome folks that bend over backwards to help you out.  Highly recommend this park
This was our first time going here, and we went right after being at Disney's Epcot. Crowds: Despite all the headlines about insane lines for the Harry Potter (HP) section of the theme park after opening earlier this year, the park was extremely accessible when we went in late August. Part of the reason is that Florida public schools (and other state schools) begin around middle/late August, so there's a big decrease in crowds and hotel prices. Despite getting a relatively late start (got to the park an hour after opening), there were no lines at all to get in. We quickly walked to the HP section, waiting nervously for crowds of people to materialize, but it never happened! For nearly all the rides that day, it was nearly longer to walk through the empty line paths than to actually wait in line. If it were not for our insistence on getting the front seats, we would have been waiting 0-10 minutes at the attractions. The only real lines were at the Wand Shop (~35 minutes) and the HP's Forbidden Journey (~25 min), which felt like forever after waiting 3 minutes at Dueling Dragons (sorry to those of you who went the first opening day). Part of the reason is that Florida public schools (and other state schools) begin around middle/late August, so there's a big decrease in crowds and hotel prices. Three Broomsticks restaurant was also half full during peak dinnertime hours. I would recommend not buying an Express Pass (akin to a Disney's free Fast Pass) until you are inside the park to assess the situation. It was definitely not worth it in our case. Attractions: We went on all the popular attractions, and HP's Forbidden Journey was a definite highlight. It's the most well done ride out of any theme park out there from our point of view, and it didn't hurt that we only waited 25 minutes for it. It combines roller coaster, screen simulation (e.g. Disney's Soarin'), 4-D effects, and elaborate physical props. Another favorite was Poseidon's Fury, which is a tour through a cursed temple with breathtaking water/fire effects. Jurassic Park River Adventure, Ripsaw Falls and Bilge Rats are great water rides that exceeded our expectations. The roller coasters (Dueling Dragons, Hulk, Dr. Doom) are pretty intense and gave us headaches, but they are exciting. Maintenance: You really only notice these things after being at Disney, but Universal is a step below Disney in terms of cleanliness. As an example, you'll see pigeons and squirrels gathered around outdoor cafes at Universal, which we never ever saw at Epcot. There's also more gum on the ground at Universal than Disney, and there are less-used sections of the part that have not been cleaned in a while or maintained. Also, there were significantly more bugs at Universal. Additional Fees: Some rides require you to stow bags in lockers. This isn't a problem when you have small crowds (there's only 70-450 lockers, depending on the ride) and you are at Dueling Dragons, Forbidden Journey or the Hulk ride (the lockers are free). But it is a problem if you are going on Jurassic Park River Adventure or Ripsaw Falls. Here, locker prices start at $3 for the first hour which is annoying. Other: Compared to Disney, it was more annoying that there were more things that required additional payment. For instance, there's no concept of a Fast Pass, like at Disney. Instead, you have to pay for an Express Pass (~$25-45 depending on the season), and it doesn't even work on all the rides! And there's the whole locker fee thing. We also went to a magic show inside the park that was like a live infomercial. The guy would be doing a magic trick, then bring out the packaged product, telling us how much it costs and trying to sell it to us, and then move on to the next magic trick--unbelievable! Furthermore, there's always employees hawking carnival games all the time, which cheapens the experience, from our point of view. Getting out of the park is a bit vexing compared to Disney. There are no central signs or directories leading you to the correct stop. Instead, you need to check out each individual stop's signs to see if it is the correct one, which is terribly inconvenient. In addition, if you are at a smaller hotel which uses chartered vans, then there will be no signs at all, and unless you know the exact parking spot of your van, then you'll likely be taking a cab home.
I am an employee here and I still have a great time every time I go to the parks. Also, discounts are good  ;)
I can't believe the positive reviews for Islands of Adventure. We went there on January 3 thinking it would be less crowded after the holidays were over. But instead invested 8 hours to ride 3 rides. As I overheard one guest say "This is the worst theme park experience I've ever had." It stars with the parking lot, which had a 15 min wait to go 5 cars because only a few lanes were open and they spend time trying to up sell the. Knute you pull up.  The transaction times are unnecessarily dragged out making for a very unmagical experience upon arrival.  $20 for "preferred" parking, which still leaves you a long long walk to the park gates.   Once inside we skipped the Hulk at first because it had a 90 min wait, only to find that Spider Man was 180 minutes (3 hours!!!!). Headed over to Harry Potter area where we had a 45 minute queue wait just to get INTO the area.  In the gap between the queue and entering the area, the waiting guests get mixed in with guests who didn't wait and everyone got in because there was no control point, so we schmucks who waited obediently got in with everyone who didn't!  Then we had the privilege of waiting 2 hours in a mostly unthemed backstage ares for the ride itself.  While the ride and inside queue is excellent, it's not worth 2 hours. We tried to get into the candy shoppe and the wand shoppe, but the lines were too long. We did wait 30 mins for butter beer...the single tap was broken and they were shuttling trays of drink in from backstage.   Overall, I thought the operation of a well-themed park was extremely poor and made for an experience I would not repeat anytime soon.
There is nothing like this.  I liked Disney very much, but I adored Hogsmead and will treasure that memory forever.  It felt like pure magic just knowing that it was there.  It's small and crowded.  The Harry Potter lines need bathroom facilities if they are going to have 3 hour line ups where they sell drinks. But that's just bad planning on my part, really.  I was thirsty in the hot sun and did myself in.
This past September, I got the chance to visit Universal Orlando for 3 days in which I used 2 out of 3 days at Islands of Adventure. I even recorded a full STEADY walking tour of the park for those who can't make it or for those who wants to see how the place looks like before booking their trip to Orlando. I break the video up into 2 parts because it took me nearly one hour to record a full steady walk-through of the park. Part 1 of 2: youtube.com/watch?v=-RwK… Part 2 of 2: youtube.com/watch?v=Fr7K… This park is really big and it's connected via a huge round loop. I think it's bigger than its neighbor Universal Studios. This place is very spacious and has a lot of things to ride. They should have some sort of show in the middle of its lake. Since I went in mid-september, there weren't any long lines for any ride except for Harry Potter ride during the afternoon rush. There's also 2 main shows that you can catch while visiting this place. One is the Eighth Voyage of Sinbad and Poseidon's Fury. The Sinbad show is really cool live action show, but it was a bit boring for me. Instead, I preferred Poseidon's Fury show.
Great summer vacation spot.  Enjoyed our day at this park.  My opinion, they should just combine the 2 parks but I know separating the 2 parks is just a way to make more money.  Islands of Adventure is a park for the older kids, less kiddy rides.
Disney is for kids.... Here is for more sensations, more fun for teenagers and adults. Harry Potter part, is ..... No way to tell how it's magic!! All shows are wonderful and perfectly done. Been there twice and wanna go there soon... I hope!
It's one of those things you appreciate the most between the ages of 8 and 12. I went after and I wasn't impressed.  Of the various attractions in Orlando, this is my #2.
OH MY GOSH I THINK I LOVED THIS PLACE MORE THAN DISNEYLAND! You probably think I am crazy for saying so, but I swear I am not! HARRY POTTER LAND? The Cat in the Hat? What more could I ask for? I was so jumpy when I got here! I needed a minute to catch my breath! Dr. Seuss Land was super cute with everything being in bright, vibrant, bold colors! It just made me so happy and everything was so cute in there. Harry Potter Land is the best thing that could ever happen to Universal Studios. This place replicates Harry Potter SO well! Just like the scenes in the actual movie! They have a cool knick knack store and the products seem like they come STRAIGHT from the movie. I felt like I am in the actual movie when I was here! Butter beer is a MUST. Sounds odd right? Just the thought of a butter flavored drink honestly sounds gross....but believe it or not it is delicious! Got the Butter Beer Float and it was like a root beer float but 10 x better! The rides are pretty cool too. Much more exhilarating! I loved the Adventures of Spiderman part of the amusement park as well. Everything here seems so vivid to me. From the rides to the actual scenery....It was all TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE! I guess Universal Studios is really for big kids. The rides are a tad bit scary to me but I get over my fear anyway. It is also cool that they have lockers for you to store your stuff in. You don't have to worry about the time limit because the time allotted to you correlates to the wait time of a ride. Only sucky part is, it is hard to stuff your backpack in there! Harry Potter Land is STILL on my mind!!!!!!! I even wanted to buy a magic wand too....
Great place! Dueling Dragons was a fun ride! I loved Spiderman, too!
Hands down...my FAVE amusement park. Granted it's been a few years since I've gone, but I'm sure that it's still awesome. I went right after the park first opened. There's a marvel land, which I would appreciate more now since I'm more into comics than I was back then. Oh well. Spiderman was one of the best, most inventive rides I've ever been on. Really great for the time it came out. I'm not goin spoil the ride here..you'll just have to try it out. Not sure if they still do this, but DO THE SINGLES LINE!!!! There were two people in front of me, and then I was on the ride...much better compared to the usual 1-3 hour wait. The hulk is a great roller coaster too...not so fun in the rain (gotta love florida weather). Dueling dragons was awesome- the lines went by really quick (hopefully they keep it in the upcoming Harry Potter land). I LOVE LOVE the water rides. No matter where you sit- YOU WILL GET WET. I mean it. The only problem is, if there's any chance of lighting (which is only everyday) they shut them down so make sure you go when it's still sunny out. Sadly Sinbad will be closing which was a fun little show- definitely unviersal quality type show. So if they still have the singles line option- definitely do it. I mean..it's not like you'll be talking to your friends while on a roller coaster right?
You always seem to amaze me. My main review is going to be based on the New Harry Potter ride. It was absolutely gorgeous if you have seen the movies you will love the castle and all the hard work they put into it. The dragon ride was already there but they added a few things going into the ride to make it look like the dragon part in the movie, and they have another coaster ride that was short but fun. The only one that I didn't find worth waiting in line for was the "show of the wand" they said it was a true experience and to check it out. They pick one person from who is in the room to pick a wand like in the first Harry Potter and stuff moves around (its' cute but not worth the 45 minutes in line) it was literally a 5 minute "show". The rest of the park is fun like always, tons of rides for adults and rides for kids. It's one of our favorite parks. They took down our favorite restaurant when they built the Harry Potter ride and they replaced it with one similar, although the food is still great it's not the same atmosphere. They are a bit more organized having hostess and sitting you once you have your food and the chicken is still just as moist and delish as it was before, they just don't give you the little corn breads like they had before that were so good. This will be our new place to eat though, it was still really good for food at a park. One of the best places to eat if you ask me. (I don't know the name but it's in the Harry Potter section). Besides the food and drinks, the park is great as usual, depends when you go in regards to the long lines, but we had a great time and hardly any long lines this time. It was simply PERFECT!
Woot!!! This is the best classic theme park I've been to.   Mind you, it doesn't beat Disney, because  I take into account the full experience (food...   shows), but for straight up rides and beer:  This is your place. All the rides are great.  Full on great.   Expect to get COMPLETELY DRENCHED on the water rides. My fav rides here are the Dueling Dragons, Dr. Doom's Death Drop and Bluto's Barge (water raft ride). Also, YAY for Single Rider lines...    unless you're there with a big group, this is a great option when lines are long.   Ride separately from your friend for the 2 minutes the rides on (although, with Single Rider, sometimes they'll wind up puttin gyou on together anyway, just don't count on it) and then reconvene at the end.  Save 30 mins of line time. I heart Islands of Adventure.
The last time I had visited Universal Resort, Islands of Adventure and CityWalk were a parking lot for the terribly overpriced, long-line, average ride having Universal Studios. Thankfully, they revamped the entire resort, and it is now an AWESOME place to visit. So do yourself a favor, pick up a park hopper weekend pass, and get ready to ride some fun rides and hang with some cool folks! Islands of Adventure is WAY better than Universal Studios in every way. The park is split up into many different areas, the most famous now being Wizarding World of Harry Potter. There's also Marvel's Super Hero Island, Jurassic Park, Dr. Seuss land, and others. The biggest draw, obviously, is Harry Potter. Get there early and beat the crowd, and you will be able to see everything in Hogsmeade and Hogwarts, and still have plenty of time to do the rest of the park.  I'm no big fan of Harry Potter, but that place is amazing. The stores, the scenery, the rides, Butterbeer, any fan of the series will be in heaven. Even if you're not into it, you will enjoy it. The ride through Hogwarts is very cool, and will probably be the longest wait you'll experience at the park all day- mine was only 30 minutes- well worth the wait! Also definitely check out the Dueling Dragons- easily one of the best roller coasters I've ridden, and the wait was only 5 minutes!!! Loved the Jurassic Park area- the ride is a lot of fun, and check out the visitors center for more dinosaur fun and science stuff for the kids. Toon Town is pretty fun, lots of rides more geared towards kids, but still a fun area to check out. Dr. Seuss's area was fun for all ages, especially kids and anyone who read those books as a kid. One fish, Green Eggs, The Cat in the Hat, Circus McGurkus, they're all here! SuperHero Island is also a ton of fun- everyone raves about Spider Man, and rightfully so- the ride was awesome. And of course, you HAVE to go on the Incredible Hulk! That ride was the best part of my weekend! It's great to just sit at the bottom and watch everyone's hats, phones, glasses, etc come flying off their heads and out of their pockets and fly into the nets or ground below! This ride is fast and fun! Overall, I LOVE Islands way more than Universal. If you're only going to do one park- DEFINITELY do this one, but I recommend making a weekend out of it, get the park hopper, and you can jump back and forth and hit everything. Be prepared to take lots of pictures, have lots of fun, and try to hit every ride in every area! Wear comfortable shoes, bring your sunblock, and bring lotsa money, and you're in for a great time!
Without a doubt the better of the two Universal Orlando parks - The Wizarding World of Harry Potter deserves a review of its own really. The Wizarding World of Harry could almost exist as a stand alone attraction. The main ride - Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey - is hands down the best theme park ride ever created. The mouse has nothing on it. Even the que (a tour of Hogwarts) is amazing. The other rides in the HP area are a quite lame mini coaster (less that one-minute ride time) and the Dragon Challenge which is fun but ultimately just a coaster. But no worries, the main ride and the area itself more than make up for these shortfalls. Ultimately the park itself is more of a traditional rides type park as opposed to its sister park but that's not necessarily a bad thing. There are many more attractions here but in general (with the exception of the Harry Potter ride) they are a bit less complex and less "showy" than those at Universal Studios. The emphasis here is more on thrills than overall entertainment. A few non-HP high points: 1. The Spider Man ride - very cool 3-D motion simulator 2. Jurassic Park River Adventure - Best water ride in the park 3. The Hulk - great coaster! Best coaster in the park! Please avoid: The Popeye River Water ride. Total rip-off. Basically you get soaked for no reason other than getting soaked. Once you are off the ride you get soaked again by the gift cart selling overprices flip flops, beach towels, etc. Oh, and if you really want  you can pay $5 to stand in a "drying" machine. General observation: This parks gets VERY crowded. Everyone (me included I admit) wants to head back to the HP area as soon as the gates open. To maximize your time you may want to consider doing the areas other than HP first and saving HP for latter in the day when it isn't *quite* as crowded.
In comparison with Disney in the eyes of a young adult, Islands of adventures is above Disney by far. There's many more rides for the grown folks. My husband, friend and I came on a Sunday and the park wasn't busy at all. The longest we waited in line was 40 minutes and all others were 30 or less. I downloaded the maps and line wait app on my iPhone so that helped plan what rides we could save time on waiting. Perfect for those tha only buy the one day tickets. Overall we had a blast!
The sole reason I came to Islands of Adventure was to see the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. I am a huge Harry Potter geek/fiend so I was super excited when I found out about this place. The adaptation of Hogwart's is pretty amazing and when you are approaching the castle you start to get super excited when you see that you're getting closer. Once you reach "Hogsmeade" you feel like you are in the movie. The first stop we headed to was Hog's Head Pub where we ordered Butterbeer! It was pretty cool that they even had frozen butterbeer & Hog's Head beer. The wait for Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey was the longest line that we waited in for 2 hours pretty much. It's nice that they offer free lockers that are also pretty high tech because the lockers open based on your fingerprint, but they have the lockers halfway through the line and then after you put your stuff away people just get back into line while you are also shuffling through crowds of people who already got off the ride or are trying to go into the gift shop. Other than that chaos the rides are pretty awesome and even if you're not a Harry Potter fan it's still really cool. Seuss Landing is the area that is geared more for children's rides but it's really cute and colorful. The Cat in the Hat ride is fun because you're going through the storybook on the ride. Other than Harry Potter's Wizarding World and Seuss' Landing I would say the other parts of the park are bit outdated. Jurassic Park's video while you are in line I think is the same footage from the early 90s. Marvel Comics was cool, especially since I'm a Marvel comic book geek too, but again the design of the area is also a bit dated it feels like you're walking through the set of Demolition Man. Overall I still had a really awesome time, but seeing the Wizarding World of Harry Potter once was just enough for me. FYI: Try to purchase your tickets online before you go to the park, because they charged my sister twice for our tickets and our friend. Also their "all access pass" they charge for an additional $40-50 isn't worth it in my opinion because it doesn't even let you skip the line in the rides that have 2 hour waits.
This place was not what I expected. Dirty, trash every where and like most theme parks you stand in line all day. My kids had a good time when after waiting in line for 45 minutes you finally get to ride that 30 second ride. The one thing that was cool, was the new Harry Potter area. It really makes you feel like your there in the movies. But because that place is so new and popular, you have to fight you way in and out. I would never go here again unless its off season.
Seuss Landing?  Yes.  Hulk Coaster?  Yes.  Harry Potter?  OMG, yes!  My lil nuggets loved Seuss Landing and for anyone who is a fan of the books, you will adore this place.   The Hulk Coaster is great for coaster nutbags like me.  But the ultimate fun to be had is at Harry Potter.  Holy hippogriffs, we laughed until we pooped ourselves!  (Well, I didn't but one of the kids did...par for the course.)  But seriously, we adored our time at Hogsmeade and rode every ride we could.  We especially loved the Dragon Challege coaster and you CANNOT miss Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey.  You tour Hogwarts and then go for an exciting ride with Harry and his friends.  We absolutely loved it.   Get there early and head directly for the rides or else you will wait forever.  Afterward, grab a butterbeer at the Three Broomsticks.  I personally loved the frozen variety.  You can also mail a letter from the post office and it will get a Hogsmead stamp.  And for those of you super nerds, you can wait in line for a chance to head into Olivander's and experience a wand-pairing.  Get after it, Potterheads.  Don't miss this place.
Although the rides were great we're really disappointed that they close the park @6pm. Boo
I went on the VIP tour - we only had four people, including myself in my group.  My tour guide was very knowledgeable, and took us to the front of the line (through the back way) of all the major rides.  We even had time at the end to go back and ride for a second time!  Also, the VIP passes act as fast passes after the tour is over.  Plus 10% off all merchandise.  VIP tour is well worth the price.   While shopping around, remember to ask the different gift shops to send your purchases to the main gift shop at the beginning so you don't have to carry around your stuff.  BUT remember, toward the end of the day, do not do this because it takes give or take 2 hours for your purchases to get there.   I was amazed by the section with Dr. Seuss.  Although being mostly for kids, I was very amused by the world.  I felt like I was in a Dr. Seuss book!!  The gift shop there was excellent.  Thumbs up.   I loved the Harry Potter World.  I came here especially for it.  It was just as magical as I expected it to be.  See my pictures I uploaded on the "The Wizarding World of Harry Potter" search.   Marvel world - can I say anything else?  I loved it.  The life-like Spiderman ride, I forget was it was called, was really worth it.   Would like to visit again if the opportunity ever presented itself again.  I was sick on my journey through the Islands of Adventure.  I'd like to visit again through non-groggy eyes.
Good park. Lots to do. Eat at the Three Broomsticks. Ride the Hulk, visit Harry Potter's Wizarding World, and check out the updated Spider-Man. Be prepared to get wet on the water rides - seriously wet!  Look around - there are crazy neat details in some of the most odd places everywhere.  You could easily spend a whole day here.
A short weekend trip with our tweener grandkids, primarily to visit the new Harry Potter area in the Islands of Adventure section of Universal Resort.  But the entire Islands of Adventure park is still great as a whole, and, at least in late February and in the company of fast-moving tweeners, can be seen and enjoyed pretty thoroughly in a two-day visit.   For us, the Islands of Adventure side contains most of the rides and themes of interest.  Two high-speed coasters, Dr.Doom's Fearfall, the always soaking Bilge-Rat Barges in Toon Lagoon, maybe 10 other less strenuous rides, and The Cat in the Hat theme area and the Seuss Landing train --- a little something for everyone, of all ages.  A February trip helps with the lines ( we've never gone in the summer or at Christmas, when I would think the optional Universal Express line-jumping pass might be a good idea) --- the longest we waited in any line was about 45 minutes, and that was only a couple of times during our entire visit.  After around 6 PM, lines were never longer than 10 -15 minutes. My only gripe --- and it's with the entire Universal Orlando resort --- is with the quality of the food offerings in the restaurants included in the park's meal pass program (the Universal Meal Deal).  Virtually all the Meal Deal places are hot dog/hamburger/french fries spots, the one exception being the Comic Strip Cafe in Toon Lagoon.  This isn't so much of a problem for the tweeners --- but we adults got a little sick of it.  Fortunately, there was plenty of Butterbeer to go around, over in Harry Potterland!
My favorite park of all that I've been to!  SO much better than Disney if your party members are over the age of about 6.   Even the older rides are still a lot of fun, with The Mummy, Jurassic Park, and Spiderman being incredible....and speaking of incredible, the Hulk is pretty awesome too.  I haven't been back since they opened up the Harry Potter attractions, but hope to get there this summer.    If you're in Florida and want to experience some great thrill rides, skip Disney and head over to Islands of Adventure!
13/31 The main reason why I love this park is because it is home of Harry Potter World!  Being the fan I am I was like a little kid once I spotted the entrance.  My eyes and mouth opened wide as I soaked in the scenery and decor.  I think this place is better than the main universal park because there are more rides/roller coasters and attractions.  The park is clean and the workers are fairly nice.  I also loved the super hero area of the theme park.  Theres lots of souvenir stores so you're sure to find something to bring home to anyone of any age.
Is it just me or is Islands of Adventure starting to show its age? This was a good place to come when I was young, but I came back this weekend (no surf in Cocoa) and the rides are starting to feel old. They haven't updated any rides since they opened, and it shows. The new Harry Potter place is okay, but the rides there are still the same.
The conference I attended in Orlando held a private party for us at Universal Studios: Islands of Adventure.  Our party was held in Marvel Super Hero Island which is a "gleaming comic book city where the world's greatest Super Heroes pit themselves against the world's most diabolical Super Villains in the ultimate battle of good versus evil." (Taken from their website)  We had three rides we could ride as many times as we wanted.   First up was the Incredible Hulk Coaster and this coaster is awesome your launched from zero to 40 mph in less than three seconds.  I laughed the whole way while screaming like a little girl it was so much fun I loved it. Next up was The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man a ride in 3D, you grab some glasses before you hop on and you are off on a one of a kind thrill ride.  This was not your normal 3D adventure it was pretty cool you could see, hear, and feel everything, this ride too made me scream like a little girl. The last ride we had access to was Doctor Doom's Fearfall, this was the ride I was looking forward to, I love a good freefall unfortunately this ride failed to deliver.  This ride was good for just one meek scream not a whole ride little girl scream like the other two.  The only good thing about it I didn't have to wait in line. As funny as it sounds my favorite part of the night was talking with the characters, I know NOTHING about comic book characters and my evening at Universal Studios: Islands of Adventure was an eye opening learning experience for me.  I learn about the X-Men and found out Wolverine loves his men in blue and yellow spandex and if you are nice to him he'll roast you marshmallows on his 'claws' I learned that Cyclops thinks he's the leader of the X-Men even though he's dead.  I learned Spiderman is vain and only likes his picture taken if you make him look good.  I learned that Captain America has nice wings and a lovely singing voice it was a great time. The catering for the party was great, the food was flavorful, warm and plentiful and they were smart enough to have plenty of food stations as well as bars set up so you n ever had to walk far to get a bite to eat or a cocktail to drink.  Over all it a good time was had by all.
Another awesome park in Orlando! Although i'll say i preferred Universal Studios, this park was still amazing. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is hands down the best attraction in Orlando. Between Hogsmeade, Hogwarts, and the vendors, it is an experience of a lifetime. For die-hard fans and casual fans alike, this part of the park is not to be missed. The other attractions were great as well. My favorite rides were the Hulk Roller coaster, the Spiderman, Fear Fall (although way, way too short), and Jurassic Park river adventure. This park for me was better than Disney. No rides really blow me away, however the Wizarding World of Harry Potter was worth the trip in itself.
I walked away disappointed from this theme park, given I was the most excited to come here out of all the parks we visited. My favorite was Hogsmeade (big surprise coming from a Harry Potter geek) but everything else fell short. Maybe it was because I was theme-parked out after spending five days at Disney? Or maybe it was because we went during their off-season so some rides were closed? Or was it because we rode all of the water rides first in 60 degree weather and were just too cold to do anything else? Yeah, I think that was it. Okay, tip: Don't ride the water rides first in 60 degree weather. You will get soaked and you will freeze to death. This place isn't anything at all like Disney. Disney you get "sprayed" but Universal really makes it a point to drown you in water. I can see this being very refreshing during the summer though.
Awesome, Pricey, but worth the price of admission.  The "Harry Potter forbidden journey" ride was fantastic! Dr. Seuss and the Marvel comic characters were thrilling to see.  If you are a ride- aholic, invest in the "Express" pass. No long waits, but it will cost you $40 a person.
Bought tickets for 2day both parks. Now, The express pass and that other pass they have are waaaay too expensive. I went around august 29 so the lines were a max of 20min. so these passes werent necessary & i think its a rip off when tickets are already 100+$ (FOR ONE!) Now overall i preferred islands of adventure because it's much bigger and has more coasters and has my favorite movie characters inside. The Harry Potter section is very detailed and massive. I got a guided tour from TERESA and she knew allll the facts and stayed in character the whole time and it made me and my girl feel like we were actually at hogwarts. We got to skip the line and she bought us 2 butter beers (which were delicious) and showed us around the whole place. I tried to give her a 20$ bill but she kindly declined and only wanted feedback. I love the place, hate the line skippers, Will always come back! Thanks!
Excellent amusement park.  Not equal to Disney for the younger ones, but for Tweens and Teens this is probably the park to visit for a day.
The Hulk. That's pretty much it for me.  I'm sure there are other fun things but that pretty much makes it good for me.
I went here at end of vacation just me and my husband . We wanted to do things we can't do when our kids are with us. I am a thrill seeker and looooove roller coasters. I wish we had gone to Hollywood studios. We were only able to ride 3 rides. The lines were crazy long . My ticket cost 95.00 then to buy the fast pass they wanted 79.00 dollars. Jeez that's insane! We passed on the fast pass stood in hour plus lines. Disney is much more organized and their fast passes are for all. Things were more expensive at universal. Now about the rides . Awesome!!! Spider-Man was my favorite and didn't expect to like it . Felt like you were in a Spider-Man movie. The hulk was really cool too. I could have rode it over and over. The sky screamers name but don't bother. Waste of time literally! Ride last 2 seconds. I can't remember the other attractions and ride names but they were all magnificent! Dr Seuss area was very impressive. I would love to go back but not sure it's worth 200.00 a day.
This was by far better than the Disney World experience we had this year.  We did DW first (Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios) and had a great time.  We loved every minute of DW, don't get me wrong, but Harry Potter and Spiderman alone made Island of Adventure worth the cost of the tickets, even with the 3 hour wait for HP and 2 hour wait for SM.  The 3D is just as outstanding as DW if not better.  If you have done Star Tours at Disney, HP and SM take it a step further and really turn up the pressure.  PC vs. MAC.  DW is PC...large great popular.  USIoA is MAC...Better by far, but not quite understood and less popular, for now. We didn't purchase the express passes because at first we thought they should have been free like Disney, but about half way through the day, the passes were looking great.  There are only a certain number of passes they sell, so you have to get them early or lose out.  The limited number of passes offered makes the express pass truly express.  While we waited in line for 2 hours for some rides, we saw people walk thought the express line in as little as 10 minutes and be on to the next before we reached the gate. At Disney, everyone can get the fast pass for free, but then everyone in the park has one and your time to ride any certain ride is picked for you and you have to change your plan to match the fast pass times.  Also, you can only get one every hour or two, so you have to pick your favorite first get that pass, then wait and get your next pass later and even though you may get the Fast Pass at 10 am, your ride may not be until 5 pm.  At USIoA, you buy it early, can go on all rides for which it works anytime you are ready.  No set times.  No replanting your day.  No waiting in line for everyone else who has express passes since a limited number are sold.  Sure it make the park more money, but that's what the park is there for...it's not Non-Profit, and this makes it truly express. Two different options...1 time per ride, or unlimited rides.  For the extra $20/ticket, if you can afford it, the unlimited would be stellar.  The express pass does not cover every ride, Harry Potter is not included, but for the rides it does cover, it would have been worth the money so plan ahead.  Moving on... While Poseidon's Fury was not as great as we would have liked (you walk through 3 rooms and see a 5 minute one man act against a video backdrop) everything we did at USIoA was top notch.   Seuss village...everything was worth it even for the adults.  Harry Potter?  Best ride in the world.  No comparison.  Spiderman?  Second only to Harry Potter.  Jurassic Park River Ride?  Incredible and we got more wet than any other water/log ride I've been on including Cedar Point, King's Island, Adventure Land, Disney, Six Flags... Island of Adventure is hands down the best park I have been too. I did not get to ride Hulk or the Dragon, but they look amazing.  Just a good reason to go back for more.  Granted, we did not make it to Universal Studios Florida, just USIoA...so I am not sure how the rides there compare, but USIoA was the highlight of the week.  Even my 7 year old son loved Spiderman and all the other rides and can't stop talking about them.  Amazing! If you have to choose, make sure USIoA is on your list, and make it the last day, with express passes, so you end on a high.  Everything else will be plain and ordinary, even as extraordinary as the others are, compared to USIoA.
After going to Disney's parks, Universal just doesn't compare.  The overall experience is just lower.  Walking paths are small and confusing.  There are always people walking into each other, because there's no order in traffic at all.  Wait times are horrendous.  Stood in line for Poseidon's Fury with an estimated wait time of 75 minutes.  Dr. Seuss's monorail thing was at 120 minutes, Spiderman was at 175 minutes and Harry Potter?  200 minutes.  Sure, I could/should have gotten the quick pass, but why should I?  Disney's fast pass is included with admission, I guess, I just shouldn't compare the two; it is just not fair for Universal.
If you can avoid going to this park with kids, then you can knock it out in half a day.  This gives you the other half of the day for Universal Studios.   The only reason to really visit this park is for the Marvel Superhero area and the Harry Potter World.  Those are worth the visit, but the other sections of the park could use some improvement.  Jurrasic Park, Suessland, Toon Town, and the Sinbad section aren't anything special.  I guess you can at least get your photo taken with the Cat in the Hat or Thing 1 & 2. Harry Potter & Spiderman take this place to 4 stars.  Without those, I'd rate it 3 stars.
I love this park, I think its way better than Disney when you dont have little kids to entertain. I bought a year pass for $170 and it is for an entire year, not just till the end of December. Islands of Adventure has alot of roller coasters that might not be little kiid friedly. but great for adults. They have free lockers that you can use for your backpacks when you ride a roller coaster (the hulk is awsome!) but they have a time limit on them, and like all other parks, their water, drink and snacks are quite expensive, but not excessively. And if you plan on riding any of the water rides... you WILL get soaked. so beware!
We didn't want to do two parks in one day so we opted for Islands of Adventure for obvious reasons.. ahem* Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Dr. Seuss section was huge compared to Grinchmas display during Christmas at Universal Studios Hollywood. Walking through the Harry Potter section of the park for the first time was pretty amazing. Definitely a great experience. Jurassic Park section was also bigger than the one ride that they have at the LA park. Marvel section was probably the second best part of the park, after Harry Potter, of course. Lots of rides and marvel characters walking around for photo opts. Spider man ride was fun but almost identical to the Transformers ride. Overall would definitely come back, especially after they finish with additions to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter!
We visited Islands of Adventure on Sunday, June 26th and Monday, June 27th - loved it both times!  Its design is better than its sister theme park, Universal Studios, and I felt like I was transported to different entertainment worlds.  Outside of the various shops scattered throughout the park, there are six "themed" areas, consisting of: Marvel Super Hero Island; Toon Lagoon; Jurassic Park; The Lost Continent; Seuss Landing; and, best of all, The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. I'm not a fan of roller coasters due to my tendency for motion sickness, so I avoided the coasters at this park.   My faves: *  Jurassic Park River Adventure ride:  This ride starts off slow but builds up to the climax; an encounter with a T-Rex and a deep drop.   *  Poseidon's Fury at The Lost Continent (a show with comedy and special effects). *  The Eighth Voyage of Sindbad Stunt Show:  The set, the guy playing Sinbad (hot!), and the sidekick were what made this show entertaining.  The other characters were too cheesy and annoying. *  The Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride: I got a bit queasy afterward, but it was worth it!  There is much to see and experience as you're waiting in line.  You'll see the hall of portraits, the sorting hat, be greeted by Dumbeldore and later Harry, Hermoine, and Ron...before you finally reach the ride.  This is a simulation ride and you'll feel like you're flying with Harry as he participates in Quidditch, and later we follow Harry as he leads us to safety from dragons, spiders, Dementors, and other scary characters from the books/movies.     There are so many photo ops and sights to take in throughout the park.  I would recommend saving Harry Potter for the evening since it's less crowded then.  Plus, Hogsmeade at night is very beautiful. We were staying on Disney property, near Downtown Disney, so had to rent a car for the two days we spent at Universal.  The ride from Downtown Disney to Universal is about eight miles and parking is $15 per car, $20 for priority parking (worth it).  Btw, there are two premium outlets located less than three miles from each other.
Because he used to live in FL, my boyfriend knows this park so well that he was able to navigate us through both Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios in one day.  We started our day here, and the availability of alcohol at every turn made for a super fun, if somewhat hazy, experience.   The park is laid out in various themes with rides and other attractions corresponding to each.  The kiddie Seuss section was very cute~ and the carousel almost feels like a thrill ride after a few cold ones... almost.  Despite the crowds, we managed to get on (mostly) all the big-kid rides we wanted, some more than once.  The longest wait we endured was for the Hulk coaster (definitely worth it!).  At the end of the night, the park cleared out and we were able to ride the Dueling Dragons several times, which was so fun, if somewhat spins-inducing.
If you love rides, this is the place to be in O-town, city walk is cool too, and the theaters there rock.. I have to go every time I'm in Orlando.
Now I am not a big Harry Potter fan at all, but my old lady dragged me here because she is obsessed.  Sometimes I wonder if she has more feelings for Harry Pooper than me...lol..j/k...moving on this place is pretty legit. Harry Potter Land (Hogwarts) is pretty cool, gives you the vibe that you are actually in a mystical land where vendors are selling magic potions, pumpkin juice, and magical jelly beans.  The building architectures are great and the main castle where the Harry Potter ride is located is huge.  Once you enter inside the main castle you will see lots of memorabilia from the movie.  I have only seem like 2 Harry Potter movies but the big movie buffs standing in line were going crazy with the "Oh'" and Aww".  The ride is self is probably one of the sickest rides I've ever been on and it is just, if not better, than the Simpsons ride at Universal Studios. The park also has a Marvel area where the have the Hulk ride and Spiderman ride along with stores and resturarants themed after Marvel.  The Jurassic Park water ride is pretty fun especially on those hot summer days.  All in all this park is pretty amazing and it kind of takes you into a fantasy adventure land if your into all that...lol
Islands of Adventure is just okay in my opinion.  It doesn't thrill me, and really the only reason I visited was due to Harry Potter, which I will review separately.  The park just seems dated to me, and compared to Disney, is pretty boring.  The only ride that really thrills me is the Spiderman ride.  There are three water rides, which I wasn't interested in trying because I didn't want to walk around soaked.  The Poseidon's Fury show was absolutely boring and antiquated.  The Caroseussel was enjoyable enough.  In my opinion, there's just not enough excitement here to fill the day, with the exception of Harry Potter.
Let me first say, I'm a Disney loyalist and won't be comparing this against any of the parks in Disney. They are completely different so it would be unfair to do that! Here we go~! Islands of Adventures is a great addition to the Universal Studios in Orlando theme park. I love that you can take a boat here from the Universal hotels. Last time I went, there was no lines for any of the rides - but that was before the Wizarding World of Harry Potter opened. Sorry this review won't be covering that part of the park since I have yet to experience it. :( We did everything in the entire park in just one day at the time. Now, I would imagine you need at least two days because of the long waits in the World of Wizardry. This park has a whole section on Jurassic Park! This was the scariest movie I've ever experienced. There is a ride Jurassic Park River Adventure which recreates going through Jurassic Park and freaks the heck out of me every time I ride it. Plus it has a big plunge you have to prepare yourself for. Even though it scares the bajeebus out of me, this is one of my favorite rides. The Amazing Adventures of Spiderman in Marvel Super Hero Island is a ride that cannot be missed. And as a fan of all things cutesy, I love Seuss Landing and all the super cool Dr. Seuss themed items! Food options aren't that great aside from Mythos (voted best theme park restaurant). If you don't go to Mythos, I suggest going to City Walk to grab some food. If you're lucky you can catch fun characters around this park like Thing 1, Thing 2, The Grinch and various Marvel characters! All in all, an amazing theme park that everyone MUST experience!
All the way exceptional experience. Carols help in getting my pass restored after I lost it on the MIB ride was above and under. Comparing this to Disney, people just seem happier over all. Both patrons and employees. You see far fewer melt down and squabbles between families trying to "maximize" their park hopper passes. Fantastic rides! How many times can you ride the Hulk? Not enough. Fast pass definitely worth it, if you like rides...and I do! If we ever make it back to Orlando, well be skipping Disney all together. Food also good and reasonably priced. We tried first day and found the meal pass to be a bit monotonous. Probably not too bad if you're feeding kids. Don't pass up at least one meal at Hard Rock!
MY FAVORITE THEME PARK EVER! I know Disney is the happiest place on earth. I agree. BUT, this park is just awesome. Each ride is smooth, fast , and you just want to do it again and again. The water rides get you soaked, the Hulk may make you weak in the knees, & Spiderman makes you sit and enjoy the ride. There is so much to look at as well, so much detail. I can't say enough about this park. If you are planning a trip to Orlando, yes you need to go to Disney, but don't forget to buy your tickets for Island of Adventure too. You will not regret it! I promise. Oh, and of course The Wizarding World of Harry Potter...nough said.
This place is AWESOME!!!  I love the different themes of the park, including Jurassic Park, Marvel  Comics, and my ultimate favorite - Dr. Seuss!  Want to try green eggs and ham for real?  This is the place to go.  The Hulk ride is fun.  The Spider-man ride - we went on it three times.  The Cat in the Hat - went on that four times.  This is a really fun place if you want a little more action than the children friendlier rides at Disney World.  I can't wait to go back!
Ok, when's the last time you went to an amusement park to save money? This isn't a bank, this isn't a stock club, so quit the whining about the prices, cash in those savings bonds from your bar mitzvah and go to Universal Islands of Adventure for some serious fun. I grew up on amusement parks and theme parks. I've been to Disney too many times to count. I've opened major attractions at America's roller coast Cedar Point. Without a doubt this is the best theme park I've been to in a while.Our youngest is 7, so despite all the big kid rides, they still managed to make so many of the rides appeal to him! Walking through Islands of Adventure I got a sense that this place was designed by the Disney Imagineers that were just too cool for Disney and didn't fit their mold. A park designed by very talented, passionate people that have a true love of theme parks. A park with innovations that maybe the Disney people just wouldn't understand. Problem with Disney being in your backyard is you have to be better than Disney. That's why places like Boardwalk and Baseball fail. You can't compete with the mouse, unless you offer entertainment on par or better than the mouse. My first impression of Islands of Adventure is that they do Disney better than Disney. Universal takes advantage of some great themes in their characters. Their Doctor Seuss themed area is amazing--colorful, clean, inviting--an excellent theme. Lots of fun on their  High in the Sky Seuss Trolley Train Ride! Walk over to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter and be amazed at the scale and detail of all the buildings. The rides are pretty fun too ;-). I'm not even a Harry Potter fan, but I was impressed with Universal's Hogsmeade. Islands of Adventure shines with water rides. By far the best flume rides (Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls) and rapids attractions (Popeye and Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges) around. Prepare to be completely soaked. I first went to Universal Studios on 6/18/90 and was unimpressed...today's park, and specifically Islands of Adventure is a huge improvement. While there we planned to make a return visit doing strictly Universal hotels and parks. Folks, it's as good as it gets for parks like this.
If you're looking for action and roller coasters, this is the place to go.  As an alternative to theme park food, try one of the full service restaurants.  Mythos Restaurant has been voted the best theme park restaurant many years in a row, and it did not disappoint.  They serve more than just heat lamp pizza and burgers; plus, the waiter service gives you a chance to sit down, relax, and recharge before the next coaster.  Pay $30/person for a Fast Pass which lets you skip the lines one time for each ride.  Enjoy all the rides without the boredom and irritation of waiting 45 minutes for a ride that lasts less than two minutes.  We got to the park at 10am, and with the fast pass, we had ridden each ride by 5pm.
In previous years I have visited the West Coast counterpart and thoroughly enjoyed it; Islands of Adventure, however, is even more thrilling to me because this park encompassed some of my absolute favorites. I still remembered when I watched "Jurassic Park" when it premiered in theater and remembered how amazing that was to 12 years old. The Marvel Super Hero Island also appeared to the childish side of me. Spider-man has always been my favorite superhero, and I got a nice picture with him here (yes, I understand it's not actually Peter Parker inside, thank you for reminding me and crushing my dream!) Seuss Land didn't do so much for me, I guess because I didn't grow up here with Dr. Seuss stories every night before bed. All the rides are pretty fun, and fortunately because we were in off-season, the waiting queue wasn't terribly long. "The Hulk" ride completely smashed me. My only regret was not able to go into the Wizard World of Harry Potter and get myself a taste of butterbeer, but I heard from my friends is that it does not taste like butter. Huh how strange :) P.S. One of my traveling goals is to visit all the Universal Studios. So far, two down (LA/Hollywod and Orlando,) and only Universal Studios Japan (in Tokyo) and Universal Studio Singapore (in Santosa) to go.
The water rides are drenching - literally drenching.  You may as well have gone swimming except the water is filthy green and smelly.  Seriously, wear a bathing suit when you go for those 3 water rides with quick drying nylon shorts/tops.  Leave the cotton socks at home unless you like squishing around all day in wet socks, ewwwhhh. The Popeye one is the worst - hair, clothes, glasses, face, nothing is spared from being sloshed.  The roller coasters are wild (I don't ride them) but the young'uns had a blast.  It's a good park for teens, young adults or kids who love wild roller coaster rides similiar to Magic Mountain in Valencia, CA.  If you like superheroes, the street sets are designed like one out of the comics.  Every so often, a gang of superheroes will surface onto the streets in a motorcade (Capt America, Storm, Spiderman, etc).  We got a picture w/the Green Goblin. The food sucks at this park, royally.  I bought a box of 4 cinnabons and they were soggy, hard.  I'm certain they were leftovers from yesterday.  THey shouldn't be allowed to sell leftovers like that.  Better to go to the Cinnabon store on the Universal Walk and get them fresh.   The park is severely understaffed compared to the Magic Kingdom.  Many of the food concessions were not opened.  There is construction ongoing to build a Harry Potter attraction slated for 2010.
The Spiderman 3-D ride is awesome. We rode it 3 times. Some of the rollercoasters were closed because it was raining. The rest of the rides were all right. I would go back just for Spiderman.
When Islands of Adventure was opened a few years ago, it was a refreshing jump start to the aging attractions of Universal Studios.  IOA is so intent on emerging you into its various worlds that it is easy to forget where you are.  One of the most impressive areas of the park features two of my favorites:  the Hulk and Spiderman.  The Hulk is a big green giant of a roller coaster on steroids, and Spiderman is a 3D (sometimes 4D...does 4D exist?) simulator adventure.  Dr. Doom's Fear Fall is also pretty cool, giving a thrilling view of the whole park and surrounding areas.   One of my other favorite rides is the Dueling Dragons roller coaster, where two coasters go head to head.  Islands of Adventure also has a Dr. Seuss-like area and Toon Town which is entertaining both for the kids and adults alike.  There is always plenty of entertainers, food, and other opportunities to spend your money.  It is definitely one of my favorite theme parks and a must for anyone who has never been.  I would suggest going on a week day and getting there at opening before the crowds hit or more towards the evening when the crowds disperse.
Universal Islands of Adventure, to hereafter to be known as IOA, has a special place in my heart...right between Disney  World and Cedar Point. As a local and annual pass holder, is is so nice to be able to come and go as I please.  I never have to wait in lines because if there is a line, Im like...mehhh, ill ride it next time!   Harry Potter is amazing for the theming, frozen butter beer, and the ride is unreal!!  Hulk is a wonderful B&M.  And show about Poseidon on the Lost Continent is the coolest progressive show I have ever seen!  They have this water vortex that spins around you as you walk through a corridor.  So awesome! The only reason I take away a star is because the food in the park is only average.  There is nothing that makes their food go above and beyond. But on the bright side...they have great happy hour specials at the bars.  I'm not going to say which ones they are...because Lisa D. and I took the journey and it is totally worth it to discover them on your own!
This is your typical theme park complete with roller coasters, water thrills, and kiddie areas. Its definitely my favorite park in Orlando. Its most like the 6 Flags I used to go to in my youth. Being an adult I don't need costumed characters parading around to have a good time and I'm not a movie buff or particularly interested in a geography exam so Islands of Adventure fits the bill perfectly. They have plenty of coasters for the thrill seeker and all your regular carnival rides to along with them. My favorite rides however have to be the water rides. I love the idea that at any moment a huge tidal wave could come hurtling at you and Islands of Adventure have plenty of water rides to tickle your fancy. The only drawback are the lines but that you're going to get at any park. Buy a fast pass and you should have less of a problem.
I think I like this park better than the actual Universal Studios. There's so much more to do here! Harry Potter was the best of course and you gotta get their butterbeer! I also enjoyed the Marvel section of the park, it was super dope!! Hulk ride was the next best thing, the beginning of the ride is so much fun! I also enjoyed the Spiderman ride too. The line was not that much of a wait like 45min but we ended up doing individual riders which was a great idea! The only bad thing was their turkey leg was waaay too salty =/ and the Hulk ride ended up giving me a head ache. But still had a blast!!
Came here on a Thursday with Rachel & Fam, and they were able to do EVERYTHING in the entire park (some of it twice) beetween the hours of 10am-6pm. I love it, lots of rides for me (I have fear of roller coasters/heights.nausea) all the seuss land rides are cool, jurassic park (ok, that one almost got me with the heights), and the popeye boats (LOVE THEM!!)....but plenty of thrills for everyone else too. Also the themeing is high quality, not on par with Disney of course, but pretty damn great. Also if your coming for a whole day, at least one member in your part should spring for the $20 allyou can eat pass, its only good 3 places, but it beyond pays for itself , plus if you share a little dessert or something nobody cares. The BLUE souvenier cup is good too for free sodas (dont get the red one, you have to pay to refill it). Also paying the $4 extra for premium parking WORTH IT!!
I have been coming to Islands of Adventure since they first opened. One year I bought a season pass and I only used it twice. I love the Dueling Dragons and choosing different paths such as Fire and Ice. Jurassic Park Ride used to be tons of fun until I overdid it. Dr Doom ride used to be a lot more scary until they adjusted the speed and free-fall. TIP: Do not eat until after you are done with the park. Future: I need to return to IOA to go to Harry Potter land!
Had a good time entertaining myself while my husband was at a conference, especially because he won't go on roller coasters with me. I got there early in the morning and was able to see everything I wanted to see, and got on almost all the roller coasters. It's a fun park to walk around and of course the Wizarding World of Harry Potter is definitely worth checking out.
This was quite the amusement park! I loved the Dr. Seuss section.. bright colors and simple rides! Harry Potter was good too - it's like you're literally in the movie. I tried the butter beer - it's basically butterscotch! I didn't go on many rides because I'm a pansy but my friends did and liked it. The wait for some rides were up to 45 minutes but towards the end the wait would be about 5 minutes for a thriller. The food is alright - pretty expensive but what do you expect? I'm just glad they had healthy options.
Living in Florida you should just make sure to come to orlando at least once or twice a year. I absolutely love coming to Islands of Adventure. The Hulk is my favorite ride and after that would probably be Harry Potter. Theres so many things to do here and by the end of the day you'll be worn out by all there is to do and see! Ticket prices are cheaper than disney, but if you get an annual pass its even better! plus, it includes free parking. Make sure to come with your special someone, fam or a group of friends.
Agreed with my fellow reviewers that IOA is WAAAAAAYYYY better than the main Universal Studios park. They put a lot more thought into the design of the individual regions. For example, the Dr. Seuss area really looks like it came out of a Dr Seuss book. Everything was whimsical, from the lamps, to the buildings, and the rides, which is very characteristic of Dr Seuss. For the comic lovers, the Marvel area is great. It's like you've walked straight into a comic book. Oh and of course I can't forget to mention my favorite part, the Harry Potter World! It was awesome. Not quite as big as I thought (felt like they didn't have as much space to build the set on, but it felt like I was in the movie. The Hogsmead street had every detail and store for a Harry Potter fan to enjoy. And the food was awesome too!
Tk the Harry potter and the forbidden journey ride first.  That's pretty cool!.....BUT.....I felt like I wanna throw up after the ride! ......it's exciting...but...the way they twist the ride....made me feel like I wanna throw up...may be it's just me...
Universal Studios Islands of Adventure is by far one of the most amazing theme parks I have ever been to. Their exquisite attention to detail throughout the park is visually exciting and heart stopping.  It riled up the kid inside me screaming to be let out to escape from the mundane tasks of adulthood! Parking was easy, $15 for a parking garage. Preferred parking is not necessary, you're only one level below. A plus, having the garage saves your car from getting all heated up inside from the scorching Orlando sun and humidity. Moving sidewalks for the lazy are provided. Wizarding World of Harry Potter...I couldn't even speak when I passed through the gates into Hogsmeade. I was so speechless with seeing one of my favorite books and movies pop out to me in real life. Getting a cup of butterbeer and eating fizzing whizzbees made me feel like I was in the book. The rides were amazing, I enjoyed the Hogwarts Castle ride, the Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey the best. There is no express pass for this ride, it makes you go through the castle like a tour. I was impressed with how fast they got people through the line. I was thinking I'd be in line for over an hour. I spent most of my time here to get the ultimate experience. Are you a water ride person? Then check out the Jurassic Park River Adventure and Ricksaw Falls. Guarantee on Ricksaw Falls, if you were lucky to miss the splash on the final decsent, you've got another surprise coming at you at the end. It definitely was like a slap in the face: "What you didn't get wet? Bam! Spray!" I could continue to go on and review each ride, but I'd have a novel. You must visit this place. One of my cons and it's the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars: most of the restaurants in this park were closed at 3 or 4 PM. One specific place I wanted to go, The Dagwood Sandwich restaurant, they only open from 11AM-4PM. By the time the BF and I were hungry and wanted to eat, which was around 4:30 PM, there were no good places open anymore within the park and I certainly didn't want a hot dog from a stand. Why in the world would a park open until 7 PM close their food places 3 hours early? And another, why would I want to LEAVE the park to go eat at the City Walk? Not good planning there.
Cannot wait to ride the new Harry Potter ride.
It's definitely the most grown up park we went to. Booze, Potter, Coasters...and Seuss Love the layout of the park. Decent food options, a lot of choices in bigger restaurants, not just fast food stuff. Hulk was great, Potter was awesome, Seuss world is fun, but the rides are lame. We did not invest in the fast pass, some may want to make that choice, but it did not effect us too much, we only waited on Hulk for 1 hour. **Note, if you don't mind going on as a single rider, move to that line, it goes faster (where applicable) and is totally more enjoyable than waiting in a crowded line. You can see everything in this park in 1 day so plan on staying the whole day, it's worth it
Get the Harry Potter area out of the way first thing in the morning when the gates open.  This area gets very crowed and congested as the day wears on.  The Hulk is FUN FUN FUN!!!  Overall, we had a great day at the park!  Wear comfortable shoes!
OK best thing about this place is def for the adults and def cheaper than Disney..85 bucks 7 days park hop passes cant go wrong... Rides were great you have Dueling Dragons Red & Blue crossing each other at the same time makes the illusion of you almost hitting each other... then you have the Hulk , Spiderman and the rest of Marvel land....and like Yui K. said best part is the FREE lockers...
i came here for Harry Potter.  so anything else was just... extra.   the last time i was at Universal Orlando was in 2002.  so it's been a while and a few things have changed.  but my favorite rollercoaster, the HULK is still here, YAY!  and now they have the most amazing Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  i don't know what i can say that other reviews haven't touched on, but it is crowded.  and if you ride Jurassic Park... be prepared to get soaked.  eat the fish and chips at "Harry Potter Land."  it's a fun park to just walk around and people watch too.  but it's a bit messy compared to Disney.  but the rides are great and i could stay here all day.
I have been going to Universal Studios since I was a boy in Los Angeles and yesterday me and I wife went to the Orlando location for the first time. We got the annual pass so we will be coming back a lot. We started off at Universal and were looking for what we have always started with: The back lot tour... they don't have a back lot and therefore no tour. This is a straight up amusement/theme park and I was a bit surprised for a minute. so we started off on the Simpsons and got through the line in about 15 minutes and the ride itself was fun and the monitors playing Simpsons bits was funny and kept me entertained. The Men In Black ride was next and the line was quick and I know why... the ride sorta sucked. The set up is like the Buzz Lightyear ride at Disney but the thing here is that the targets didn't have targets or really anything to aim at. Not a great ride but eh, it's cool. The Rock-it roller coaster was a great idea because you get to pick a song and make a video that you could buy at  the end. I picked Motley Crue's Kickstart my Heart and the ride was amazingly fun and I loved every second of it! Islands of Adventure was amazing and kicked so much booty from the start. I did the Hulk roller coaster and I have to comment on how well done it was done. I have done A LOT of coasters in my life and this was one of the smoothest cleanest most impressive coasters I have ever been on. I did a single rider on that one and made it through in under 5 minutes! Spider Man was really fun and as a comic geek I loved being involved in one of my favorite characters adventures. So cool and so well utilized 3D. Such a great time. Harry Potter-land was immersive and I can see why it is so popular. To say that The Forbidden Journey ride was good would sell it short. No ride I have been on before feels so real or does what this one does. You are thrown and hurdled and spun around and man that ride was nuts! We got off and both me and my wife were dizzy and my wife's neck bothered her bad. I LOVED this ride and I will go back on it but I think my wife has taken her final Forbidden Journey. A great time and the lines were surprisingly short. A great time and I can't wait to go do it again!
I'm done with amusement parks after this.  A sea of humanity during spring break week.  Understaffed and poorly managed access to the Harry Potter attraction.  Apparently the customers were left to figure out by themselves via the little box on the park map that we were supposed to get timed entry tickets all the way across on the other side of the park - FAIL!  We lined up at the Spider Man ride trying to keep busy while waiting for our entry time to Harry Potter only to find out when we made it to the building the ride had broken down and it was still another 45 minutes (after waiting 45 already) until we'd make it to the ride, and will miss our timed entry to Harry Potter.  Had lunch at the Dagwood restaurant and was totally turned off by the swarming flies at the counter.  We're already paying good money to get into this place, and to add insult to injury the park management tries to fleece you for more profit by selling express passes to skip the lines.  I hate this two class system where those who 'only' choose to pay a less exorbitant amount of hard earn cash has to endure almost never ending lines.  Total ripoff.  If I want to be treated like cattle for a 60 second ride, next time I'll ride the DC metro for much cheaper. One thing to remember about Universal Studio theme parks which separates it from Disney (being in Orlando and LA, it's hard to avoid a direct comparison) is that the whole point of the park is to, in a blatant a manner as possible, to separate you from your money.  The long walk through the Universal Walk gauntlet of shops and restaurants to reach the park entry, the total lack of any public water fountains in the outside public areas where there is little shade in 90+ degree weather with high humidity, the oversold parks with long waits for rides, food, etc.  Yes, Disney is also there to make money, but they're not so careless about their customers' happiness going about it.  Disney's customer service is still top notch and a bit anal retentive (but in a good way).  And what's up with the nonstop overly loud booming music?  I felt like I was in a rave party for 10 hours straight and left the place with a booming headache.
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT GO TO EITHER PARK AT CHRISTMAS TIME. This past Christmas was when I went for the first time and it was TERRIBLE. There were so many people, they had to close the park at 2 in the afternoon! We could barely walk through the park and all the lines for rides were an hour or more. Plus, I don't think the staff really knew how to deal with that many people, you could tell they were in over their heads. To be truthful, the rides were OK, nothing to rant about. I felt as though a lot of them are simulators for some reason. The whole you have to put your stuff in a locker before you go on a ride ordeal got annoying after about 3 times, since they don't have enough lockers for everyone! But, I have to say, Harry Potter world was the one redeeming part for my whole trip, it was awesome! However, since there were so many people, we had to stand in line for an hour in the morning just to get our return pass, which was for 6:00 that night! I would've wanted to stay longer in HP world, but I was just done with Universal and everything to do with it. Overall, probably the worst theme park experience I've ever had. Will I go again? Probably. I just know now to never again go at any holiday, break, etc.
If you are in Orlando and thinking of going to any of the Disney World parks I have a question for you: are you older than 12?  If so, go to Universal instead.  Seriously.  I remember really liking Disney World the first time I went but now that I'm an adult, it was seriously boring.  Universal Studios truly has cutting edge ridges, which includes: Harry Potter, Spider-man and Hulk.  The surrounding village which includes nice restaurants and Blue Man Group (as of May 2012) should also not be missed!
This is a true THEME park! I love all the lands/sections at Universal. From Dr. Seuss' world, to Harry Potter, to Marvel....there is something for everyone. The rides are FANTASTIC (especially the Harry Potter castle and Spiderman rides). They've done such a great job using new technology to amp up the entire park. Although there are no fast passes, and you have to purchase a second ticket to by pass the line, the lines move pretty quickly and they keep you entertained throughout your wait. The food is actually also pretty good at this park. Pro tip: there IS a 1-day, 1-park pass for only $80ish dollars. It's not on the signs or posters while you're waiting in line. If you don't have the time, or care, to go to both parks, don't pay the $123. Save yourself some dough. Note: downside, the parking lot is so far from the parks! What's up with that.
better than disney world. take that from a former orlando resident. that is, unless you've got kids 10 or under in tow, then go to disney. i cannot wait for the harry potter theme park. it is the only reason i am sad that i moved out of orlando.
A fun park with great rides! The key to Islands of Adventure is some simply planning and ideally staying one night onsite at one of the 3 hotels to give you an express pass for the day prior and after.  With that, you'll never wait in a long line. If you don't have express, then try the following. Be at the park 10-15 minutes prior to opening.  They often will open early.  Head straight to Dragon Challenge (at least one day) on another you may want to go to ollivander's if that's important to you.  If you get to Dragon Challenge first thing, you can ride multiple times in the front row (you'll have to get off and loop around though).  The front row is really the only way to truly experience the ride and we've done this 6 times before without much (if any) wait.   After this, you could head over to Harry Potter and do the ride there.  Try the single rider line if there's a long wait.  Although the queue is worth seeing at least once when the wait isn't too long.  You do skip some of it in the single rider line. Then be sure to visit Spider-man, Dr. Doom and the Hulk.  Even the Cat in the hat and other rides in Suess are worthwhile, although some only good for kids.  Then see the two shows - Posiedon and Journey of Sinbad.  They are both enjoyable.  Lunch at Mythos is also neat - its just a neat restaurant.. After doing all these rides and perhaps any rides at the Studios side you want to get to, you might be ready for getting wet.  That's when you can go on Dudley, Jurrasic Park and Bluto's barges.  With the exception of Jurrasic park, you will get soaked.  Jurrasic park you may or may not.  But the other two are very very likely you will.  So do these when it is very hot out or before you head out so you aren't soaked all day long. They are all a lot of fun and dudley and bluto's are worth doing multiple times.  Only the flip side, if you do Bluto's towards the start of the day, they may let you stay on and ride over and over if there's no line..  We stayed on 6 consecutive times this last trip - it was fun! The only complaint I'd probably have with Islands of Adventure is that you can do everything in about half a day (perhaps minus the shows).  Now, you could still spend a full day and ride things multiple times, but we usually spend our days (2, 3 or however many we have) split between the parks each day to give variety. This is a great park that is a lot of fun, but I think it is more geared for adults and may not be as much fun for the younger of the young ones, although that is where Suess landing comes into play.. Never had a bad time and am looking forward to going again!
Freakin' Spectacular! I grew up in LA as a kid until moving up to NorCal/SF, so I've been to Disneyland, Knott's Berry farms, Busch Gardens, Universal Studios, Six Flags, et all and Orlando rocks them all!! First: timing is everything, go when it first opens at 9am on a weekday and the lines are shorter, we didn't wait longer than 20 minutes for any ride anywhere all day long! Going in March when it's nice and cool and the FL kids aren't yet out of school is the rule! Second, get a hopper park pass so you can enjoy both Universal Studios and the next door US Islands of Adventure: plenty of combo hotel and theme park discounts now.  CALIFORNIA AAA DISCOUNT ON EVERYTHING, THEME PARK TICKETS, PARK PHOTOS, PRODUCTS! First ride  at the Island was an 8 out of 10 = Riding the HULK was like a G-Force bucket that ripped you along so fast and upside down for long enough that you can just barely catch your breath, second ride was Spriderman 3D was rated a 10 by Theme Park Insider and the top ranked ride in the Nation! Spiderman was awesome, every adult and child came out smiling and blown away by the real-life sensational graphics and physical forces they use, I don't way say anymore because I was totally surprised as a long-time theme park purveyor & roller coaster fiend = SPIDERMAN is a  MAJOR THRILL RIDE! The pure size of the UA parks is on a scale Disney and West Coast parks cannot approach, and the upcoming Harry Potter's Hogwarts Castle is gonna be huge by the looks of the skyscraper construction. Dueling Dragons is a great ride where two roller coasters approach each other continously and your  legs & feet are hanging as it whips you like a puppy gone sock mad. Great Smokded Turkey leg and grub at the Jurasic Park resturant. My son loved the giant Comic book stores and movie memorabillia on display. Over at UA, we really enjoyed the T-2 Terminator 3D, MIB Alien Attack allows you to shoot aliens, I scored a double 200,000 hits, that's a double bonus score, (don't carry anything it it's not attached for these rides, you will lose it as they spin you pretty good)! Revenge of the Mummy ride was AWESOME!..especially backwards into the flames! We started at 9 and ended it at 7pm and decided to leave a few rides for next time. The Mels diner from American Graffiti was cool with the original '32 yellow triple duece flathead Ford and the black '55 chevy that raced each other, including the old T-Bird that the mystery woman drove and an old flame painted black Olds. The lime slushies are good, Damn, they even have a Ben & Jerry's here in the New Orldeans set section of which the Blues Brothers drove that classic  ex cop car down the street and jumped out, belted out some good blues, the car still had the pack of cigarettes glued on the dash from the movie! Cajun food, SF Crab & Bread. Magrarittaville& the NBA resturaunt are fun. My only gripe is $75 to see the Blue Man Group show seems a bit high given the economy and I only paid $55 for the Park Hopper Tickets!Overall a Great Time for the fam', ve vill be back!, INSIDER TIPS: take the shuttle it's quicker, easier and closer! Bring your swim suit and a towl for the water rides you will get soaked, great in the peak FL summer heat but you won;t want to walk around like wet duck for long without changing or looking like Groucho Marx. TheOrlando CityWalk is located inbetween the two UA theme parks is basically the DisneyWorld (FL) version of Fantasy Island, a large adult playground that starts with Marid Grai , rock and other shows at about 9pm, it's only $12 and before 9pm yer kids can join you for daytime meals and all access is FREE = SPEED SAFELY Thrill Seekers!
Not enough stars available for this super fun fan-girl themepark. The rides are enjoyable with usually decent wait times. I love the comic book section and the Harry Potter world. Jurrasic Park should totally have a Paleo diner place though...just sayin.
The wanted sign for Hobgoblin should not be there. Other than that Marvel Island is SO Awesome! Spider-Man ride the best! Hulk ride was great too. Plenty of photo fun everywhere. The Fantastcar, people dressed as characters, and the artwork everywhere.  I photo bombed a lot of people. So be sure to visit Marvel Island first. Before you go on to the toon lagoon kids don't remember land , Jurasic Park that scares kids, beats the hell out of me place set in old who knows when, and Suess Landing. Then go on the Spider-Man ride again!
This.park is awesome the workers are very polite I met a man named Matthew J from NY he was cleaning the bathrooms and garbage around the park he was so super polite on giving directions and being so happy even though he was picking up garbage and cleaning the park  my daughter kept asking questions and he was just so happy to help I will be back next year with my family and hopefully run into Matthew and other workers next year cheers!
We live in SoCal, so Universal is Universal.  We were in Orlando for a dance competition.  We had to go to IOA, as our 13 yr old twins are big Harry Potter fans.  We were there the 3rd week they were open.  What a day.  $320.00 for family of 4 to get in; waited in a mandatory  "special line" just to get into Potterville for 1 hour, which is better than what staff were saying it would be upwards of 2.5 hours. Waited in the wand shop line for 2 hrs; waits in the ride lines were less than 15 minutes, which was fabulous!  The Butter Beer was great.  I had to go searching for mugs as they ran out due to unexpected demand.  What were they thinking??  They had tumblers.  I think not.  Found roving waitresses that had the last few in the park, so got 2.  Got the frozen drinks at  $12 each.  So, spent about 4 hours in the park.  Great decor, felt like i was actually in Stratford Upon Avon, where we just were on spring break.  So, a realistic setting.  Kids loved it.  I just saw money flying out of my wallet!
I loved this place.  Great rides, the lines were reasonable.  I went to all of the parks in the Orlando area, and I thought this one had the best rides. On my next trip here I would like to stay at one of these hotels to get the fast line passes and spend even more time here.  Great fun!
Wizarding World of Harry Potter was everything expected plus more!  Four adults acting like children in a candy store!
Best thrill rides: Hulk, Dueling Dragons and Spiderman 3-D adventure.  I love that you can "re-ride" the Dueling Dragons. Which one do I like? Fire or Ice? I can't decide. Oh! I'll just ride it again.   In the late afternoon, I enjoyed hanging out in Seussville. How can you not smile and feel happy hanging out with the characters from books you loved as a child.  Star-bellied sneeches and all.
I have never experienced such awful customer service in my life. I went to Walt Disney World before going to Universal on my Orlando vacation. This was a big mistake, because I was constantly comparing the two and Universal fell short on all counts. This park is an embarrassment to the hospitality and tourism industry.
I love this theme park. It's my favorite theme park in the entire universe, that I've been to at least. My parents live about an hour outside of Orlando, so I get to go at least one a year. The detail in all the worlds is amazing, and any place that lets me live in the world of Harry Potter and the world of Dr. Seuss simultaneously is alright in my book. I was like a kid an a candy store...I still smile every time I think about it. And speaking of Harry Potter, the main Harry Potter attraction is hands down THE BEST RIDE EVER. And not just for Harry Potter fans...it's literally the future of rides. Imax 3D meets actual movement, it's unbelievable. So, being the best theme park I've ever been to, of course it gets five stars. That's not to say there aren't a few drawbacks...mainly cost. If you're over the age of 13 and you like rides, you HAVE to get an Express Pass, with is pricey. Otherwise you spend your entire day waiting in incredibly long lines, and the entire experience is a little dampened. So a couple of insider tips, things you MUST ride if you have a chance to go here, in order of awesomeness: Harry Potter Spiderman 3D Hulk coaster Dueling Dragons (it might b called something else now...it's the double coaster in the Harry Potter world) Jurassic Park River Adventure Dudley Do-Right (careful, you will get SOAKED) Other than that, go have a ton of fun and head to Emril's or Margaritaville after and grab some drinks to cool down. Such a good time.
My favorite park. Islands of Adventures in Universal Studios ROCKS!
Too many others reviews so I'll keep it brief and to the point! I came here for one reason and one reason only...to geek out at Harry Potter.  I was enthralled in everything that the place had to offer! Universal did an amazing job of recreating the whole Hogwarts thing and I am impressed in every way!  I will be back again next year and await that delicious Butterbeer!!!
This place has something for everyone it has a dr zeuss area with lots of slower rides for the small kids and loads of things for teenagers and adults. The atmosphere is great really happy and the place is really bright attractive there are loads of shops with differenct types of things they have specilist shops as well like the marvel comic shops in the cartoon area. The attention to detail is fantastic My favorite ride was the amazine adventures of spiderman the twists and turns on this ride were great and you really felt like you were in gotham city The bilge rat barges were great but expect to get soaked to the skin the jurrasic park ride was fun my face was terrorfied on the photo after the drop I would give this one a full day as if you do the two parks in one day like we did you will be really tired and can miss stuff out
I had never been to Orlando before for theme parks and this was first on my list. My fiance and I bought Express Passes for Friday before Memorial Day thinking it may be busy with kids out for school/holiday and also because we knew it'd be busy. We did miss the Harry Potter opening (it was on preview the day we were there) but we didn't pay the extra fee (you had to book a package) but we were able to walk through the Village as we went to the Dueling Dragons (more to come). IOA and Universal are entered in the same entrance but you go straight for IOA and right for Universal. You enter through CityWalk which wasn't really open yet at 9/10am. I was excited and we grabbed a map to lay out the best way to attack the park. With our "Express Passes" we started off in Marvel Land - I love that they have different 'themes' for each section of the park vs. "random rides put near each other". I also appreciate having the free lockers near each ride. It makes it easy for a couple (or folks with children) who can't spare a person to 'watch your things' while on the ride. Our first ride of the day was "The Hulk". I used to be terrified of coasters as a child due to always being told I was too small (by my folks). I've come to like them in my adult life but still do cling for dear life and shut my eyes. The Hulk definitely was one of those rides where I clung on for dear life. I didn't realize there was a camera taking our photo and was glad to be off the ride. We then worked our way to the next ride which was "Dr. Doom". I had never been on a free fall before and it went from 0-60 in about 2 seconds. Looking out and seeing Orlando while freefalling was definitely a feeling that was an adrenaline rush. Spiderman was an awesome ride and I can see why it's ranked as one of IOA's best rides. We skipped the Storm Accelatron as it was more of bumper cars and for smaller kids. We then ran through Suess Land. It was catered more to smaller kids but we wanted to ride the "Cat in the Hat" ride as well as the train which took you over the 'town'. It was cute but definitely was able to finish it in 15 minutes. We then headed over to Jurassic park which has the observatory in addition to the raft ride and a new one called Pteranodon Flyers. We weren't able to go on that as you needed a child to ride (I think for balance reasons). We then headed over to the Toon area which has some water rides - we dressed accordingly thanks to the tips we found on tripadvisor. We got soaking wet but it was also good due to the scorching sun. One recommendation I would make is if you do have an Express Pass - bring a ziploc so you can keep your tickets safe as you will be drenched. Mine were printed online so I knew it would fall apart. The Dueling Dragons we saved for last and it had a long line due to being shut down in the morning for the Harry Potter Sneak Peek. You can choose either the Fire or Ice and we chose Fire. I was worried about losing my slippers as you do end up having your feet dangling but I was fine. It was a very fast speed coaster and definitely can see why people love it. Overall, great park. Definitely one catered to more 'adults' with some for smaller kids as well. We enjoyed the Express Pass and highly recommend it. The food also wasn't too spendy and I like that you were allowed to bring in Bottled Water and saved $ on staying hydrated. Would go again - although next time I'd likely have kids.
The HULK is a GREAT thrill ride!  A fun day I did have here!  Pay extra for the fast pass.  Much shorter wait times.
Fun Fun Fun! Keep in mind, that it was probably 96 degrees out and I still had fun which is saying a lot. I would DEFINITELY recommend getting the express pass because who really likes to wait in line? I specifically came for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter [i thought this was it's own park and was super disappointed to find out it was just a section at Universals Islands of Adventure] ....so....i really wish they had the Harry Potter section expanded. TIPS: Get there early and get to the Forbidden Journey ride at Harry Potter FIRST!! You can't use your express pass there and the wait gets up to 2 hours. Don't bother buying all the cool things like chocolate frogs/wands [it melts super fast and you are left with muck] just buy the same things at the airport HP store! Although the day was super hot, their one ride [the tube ride] made up for it. All parks have this ride except the one at Universal SOAKS you and everyone in the wheel tube round thing gets wet. It makes for a good laugh. BIG CON about the park: Food sucks.....but who can really name an amusement park with delish food? BIG PRO - the rides are all a blast and I wasn't left disappointed with any of the rides. Instead, I would have to say I was pleasantly surprised at how pleased I was.
Smaller than I was expecting. Riding solo and/or with express pass you can easily ride all the good stuff in well under half a day.
Absolutely fantastic! We have never had a better time than when we went here on our honeymoon. This theme park was big enough to have a ton to see and do, but small enough that we didn't feel like we needed days just to see it. Even being unable to ride the rides initially, as my wife was pregnant, we still managed to fill an entire day here. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is probably the most amazing example of bringing a book to life. The entire place is filled with all sorts of obvious and subtle references to the series. The food at the Three Broomsticks was extremely tasty and Butter Beer is the best drink I have had (hands down). Marvel SuperHero Island has some of the coolest rides I've ever been on. The SpiderMan ride was pure awesome! Add onto this the entire place feels like it came out of a comic, and any Marvel fan will enjoy it. Toon Lagoon had tons of things referencing your favorite newspaper comics and cartoons. Popeye's Ship "The Olive" was great for kids and adults alike. Not to mention, if the day is sweltering hot hanging out here is great; between the water rides and the various misters you'll cool down well. There were a few other areas we only hung out in, but we still had enough to do. Seussland is more kids oriented and somehow seeing Dr. Seuss' creations in three-dimensional fiberglass disturbed me. Jurassic Park was pretty interesting and I loved the Dinosaur Discovery Center, but we didn't hang out for much more there. The Lost Continent was cool but is a bit dated and seems out-of-place in the lack of actual Hollywood-connection. And you have the Port of Entry which is cool looking but basically where you enter and exit the park. If you wanna go to a theme park but don't want to spend a week trying to see all of Disney? Come to Universal Studios "Islands of Adventure"!
The Hulk is still awesome!!
Y-E-S!!!!!!! Simply FUN!
This is probably the best park in Florida. Great rollercoasters and lots of things to do.
The Harry Potter area owns. You can spend a good 3 hours there. Come as early as possible to avoid lines. Most of the things you see in the shops you can purchase online. I bought 3 chocolate frogs though. The rest of the park is alright... I also rode the Spiderman Ride which was ok. The Hulk ride is a must. If I had more time, I would've done a park hopper pass and went to the main Universal Studios since I finished Islands of Adventure in about 4 hours (from 10:00AM-2:00PM).
We've been to Islands of adventure in the past and the new Harry Potter area takes it over the top.  Hence the 5 stars.
Awesome park with a ton to do.  I love the rides, both old and new.  Harry Potter land is a must see - but definitely make it your first stop.  A lot of people were waiting at the wand shop.  There was a longer line for the store than the roller coasters!  Grab a mug of butterbeer (~$5) for a nice butterscotch sugar high to last you the day.  Mythos is a pretty good dining option for park food.   Visit comic strip land and Jurassic Park, which is where all the water rides are.  Ride ALL three of them, then head to Marvel land to ride the rollercoasters to dry off! For IOA, I suggest grabbing a park hopper and spending 3/4 of the day here.  Universal Studios doesn't have more than 3 hours worth of stuff to do (if you're lucky with short waits), and IOA doesn't quite have enough to fill a day.  We actually left the park midday to watch Batman (2hr 45min movie) and were able to return and finish the park.  Save yourself some money this way.
Love it here Harry potter world and forbidden journey was amazing the spider man ride is a must also ripsaw falls it's a great place
Now this is what I'm talkin bout!!!! There was a time not too long ago... maybe like 10 years ago when many people would complain about lines or whatever, but you look at the way many (especially Disney) Theme Parks are now crazy over crowded, competition is super high, and being able to enjoy one's vacation proves exponentially more difficult.... Enter Universal's Islands of Adventure that proves a breath of fresh air into the idea of popular Theme Parks! This Theme Park just oozes awesomeness from so many angles. It's got great stores, great rides (especially coasters...thank you Incredible Hulk and Harry Potter's Dragon Challenge,) decent eateries, great and varied themed lands, friendly staff, safety, is well laid out, not too crowded, and clean. I could probably exceed the 5000 characters explaining the greatness that is this park, but I'm pretty sure you get the idea. This Park like their other Park is made up of 7 areas: Port of Entry (interesting and a great spot for both shopping and photo ops,) Marvel Super Hero Island (not really an island, but still awesome if you're like me and engulfed in nostalgia...also the Incredible Hulk Roller Coaster is here,) Jurassic Park (not gonna lie...pretty sure we didn't go here, but Universal does what it does well,) Toon Lagoon (now I know we didn't go here, because I'm pretty sure that this Park was more about impressing the oldest niece versus the youngest one, but I'm pretty sure this is where their smaller rides are located,) The Wizarding World of Harry Potter (I'm not exactly what you'd consider a fan of this franchise...books or movies, but I did love the theming and Roller Coaster here,) The Lost Continent (we spent a little time in this area as it had very nice theming about it... this is where Mythos is located at,) and Seuss Landing (sheer awesomeness showcasing the genius that was this author... I truly loved the heavy theming in this "land" that made me feel like I was totally immersed. Having all that Suessness just made me smile even bigger and enjoy myself even more. So yeah... if you're vacationing in Orlando and doing the Resorts (or various Parks) then this one is a definite must do. The whole family should enjoy it!
LOVE this place!!!! wish the one in la was as fun as this place! we stayed at a Loews resort, so we got to enter the park an hour earlier and got express passes. i totally recommend doing that! its SO worth it to be able to skip all the lines, especially in the heat!!  Harry Potter world is amazing!!! It looks just like from the movies and books! The Forbidden Journey was so awesome but pretty scary! Loved the Hulk and Spiderman!
I am a huge Harry Potter nerd so Islands of Adventure is by far my favorite theme park. "Harry Potter World" is by far the star of the show here, but the other areas are fun as well. You come to Islands of Adventure for the rides, the cast members are not really that impressive. I do have a few tips for visiting this park: Best hours - The park empties out towards the end of the day, so you can arrive late to the park and avoid the lines that form earlier in the day. It is a small park so you will not need that much time to ride all the rides. Ride wait times - Save your money and do not buy a fast pass, instead ride in the "single rider" line. Your wait will be minimal, I waited less than ten minutes for a seat on the Harry Potter ride and the same amount of time for the Hulk roller coaster. Bags - try not to bring a purse since most rides do not allow them. Pockets are your friend. There are free lockers to check your bags at, but it is a hassle. Food - I have not had decent food here (always too crowded to eat at Harry Potter Land). Hard Rock and a few other options are right outside the entrance so you can grab something more appetizing than a hot dog.
I LOVE this place. It's so much fun to walk around and see the different attractions. The main reason I went was to see Harry potter world and it was awesome. However, in te WHOLE park no wait for a ride was less than an hour. Some you had to wait even 2 hours to get on!!! That was a bit ridiculous... So it's extremely crowded. But I guess that's just how theme parks are haha
My wife and I had a weekend to cram as much vacation as possible into so we opted for Universal Studios. We spent the first day at Islands of Adventure and had a great time. We stayed at Loews Royal Pacific resort and honestly, that's the way to do it. But that's a seperate review altogether. Anyway, the Wizarding World of Harry Potter section had its grand opening that day and we skipped the crowd thanks entirely to our hotel. They let us in as early as 6am (we showed up at 7am) and we had been on every adult ride in the Harry Potter area and been in all the stores before 10am. As we walked out, the staff warned us multiple times that leaving meant likely not returning to that area all day and they were right. The line just to get into that section of the park was wrapped throughout the entire park all the way to the park entrance. They did a great job on recreating the world and the new ride (The Forbidden Journey) was one of the best in the park. It's an immersive ride that throws you into the world of Harry, Ron, and Hermoine and you go flying through it battling evil and seeking snitches alongside Harry himself. The immersion achieved was top-knotch. Butter Beer is a worthwhile grab (probably a mix of cream soda, butterscotch, and something tasting faintly of marshmallow) and the Dragon Challenge is still a great ride, even if not new. Other must-rides include The Hulk, Spiderman, the Jurassic Park ride, and both the Popeye and Dudley Doright rides in Toon Lagoon. As for eateries, I think Blondie's Diner in Toon Lagoon is one of the better ones. They serve fairly tasty subs, sandwiches, and hot dogs and they fill you up without being so greasy that they slow you down the rest of the day or worse, make you queezy on those rides. I've had Mythos, which brags about being the best theme park restaurant on the planet, but I don't think it's all that. I suppose the real draw is somewhere in-park where parents can have their children sit down and have a more relaxed meal while they rest their feet. The only negative I can say is that, for a couple adults without children, it's easy to run out of things to do here. We'd been on every ride before 2pm. That's not necessarily the case at parks like Cedar Point, Disney, or even Universal Studios' other park. But that's not to say I didn't have a fantastic time because I really did. Universal does immersion just as well as Disney and that's really a cool thing, especially for children.
Great rides and short lines in the off season.
We went to Islands of Adventure on a weekday in late winter. The temperature in mid February in Orlando was in the 60s which was great! During that time of year coupled with it being a weekday, there were very few wait times over 20 minutes. We didn't need to get a speed pass or whatever it's called. Obviously, the main attraction has to be Hogwarts and Hogsmeade. They're both very cool. Butter beer tastes amazing. The rides are a lot of fun. However, if you get sick easily, I'd consider skipping the quidditch style ride as you're constantly getting thrown around. Once you've worked up an appetite, head over to the dining area (I can't remember the name) but the food options there are quite good. If you wanna eat healthy, they offer roasted chicken with some veggies. Considering this is a theme park, that option is very cool. I also really liked the Hulk ride as well as Spiderman. Be prepared to get wet on the Popeye ride. Some people come out unscathed and others (like me) were soaked! It's still a lot of fun if your'e prepared. After a long day at the park, head out to one of the many restaurants located outside. The key is to get a reservation for dinner so already have a table waiting for you. I'd like to see the park offer more vegetarian food as well as even more healthier food options. A person can get sick eating pizza and hotdogs if they don't look for better options. Also, although there are lockers available to put your stuff, it would be nicer if they were for free for 45 mins rather than 30 mins. I def look forward to going back soon!
Both this park and Universal would have gotten 5 stars from me before this visit June 13-15.  before now we were just a regular healthy family that could easily navigate the parks. Last year I discovered the aches and pains I was getting were actually related to a really severe kind of arthritis so I received handicapped status.  I was really worried about visiting the parks this year because it's hard to get around, I'm much slower and once the pain comes it won't go.  Still I figured I should try after all I've seen so many disabled persons in Orlando over the past 20 years I figured they must have a decent system set up.  The first 6 days were fine, United Airlines accommodated me, and then disney's Carribean Beach did a great job (after an initial mixup)and WDW parks did a superb job, i showed my id and handicapped card and got a Disney one at the guest services spot in front of MK and that allows all disabled guests onto thefastpass lanes without any complications, you just go on and can move around easily even if you can't spend more than 3-4 hours on your feet you still feel ok about the money and experience.  Admittedly, I was feeling bold when I got to Universal & IOA, expecting the same sort of thing.  I knew the walk to the parks themselves would be challenging but figured if i go early in the am and take a little bit of rest I'd be fine I knew I would have an issue as soon as I got to the gates, I stopped in to their guest services where I was handed  a paper sign in sheet/ list with spots for signatures and times. ( I don't see any under google so ill try to dig mine out and post e photo) At this desk  it was explained that if a ride is 30 min I could go right onto fast pass but if its longer than 30 I would need to get it signed and go find somewhere else to be for 50-90 min or whatever the wait time is minus 15-which means basically just stand and wait like you are in line anyway or go try to find a seat in air conditioning and wait-which the employees in restaurants don't love because you are taking paying customers spots.  Also this system is not flexible like reg fast passes, you dont get a range to return, so you must come back within 5 min of the time listed for another teen who may or may not give another attitude will sign you into the ride.  once signed in you are freeing it up for next ride- you are not allowed to use the pass for anything else while you wait.  this was really crummy all by itself but but a few employees actually gave me an attitude about it as if I was getting some kind of free perk and milking the system and that's hard to tolerate.  What I wanted to do was tell them off about how much it rots to be disabled and that if this is such a perk for the other 364 days in a year how about we trade but I didn't, I just made a mental note about how unfun the experience was for me.  as much as I like the rides I feel it is plainly not welcoming to disabled individuals so I will not be going back unless something drastically changes,  There are too many other parks that warmly accommodate disabled people to put up with the system or the attitudes.  Sure the rides may not be as fresh and new but if you can't stand long enough to get onto them ( I missed all of Marvel, Seuss and the lost continent) what good does it do me.  The answer is none at all, I left feeling awful about my being disabled and for wasting so much money.  Next time ill skip the whole thing.
I came here to see the harry potter theme park. It was awesome!! I enjoyed eating and drinking a butter beer at the three broom sticks. The castle was really cool, but i wish they didn't rush you threw it so quickly and that it was more castle and less thriller roller coaster. But it was still great having the oppurtunity to go and seeing Hargrids house and the wand shop not to mention all the people dress in costume and talking in accents. The rest of the park is fun too my 2nd fav was Jurassic park water ride and my 3rd fav was Dr. Suessville. It was fairly priced $82 for one day and we def got to see everything and double back to some areas. Great time!! I almost forgot all of the restrooms and eating areas are extremely clean and everyone at the park is extremely helpful with directions and questions.
Definitely more fun than Universal Studios!  My favorite rides were: 1. Spider-Man 2. Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls 3. Popeye and Bluto's Bilge-Rat Barge Didn't ride the Hulk or Dueling Dragons.  The water rides were awesome but be prepared to get wet - it's almost impossible not to! Poseidon's Fury, as someone else pointed out, is probably the lamest attraction there, plus it had the longest wait time -- even for Express pass holders, the wait time was 20-25 minutes! The key is to stay at one of the hotels onsite (i.e. Hard Rock, Royal Pacific, or Portofino) -- your room key allows you unlimited Universal Express passes which allows you to bypass the normal lines.  Wait times were from 0-15 minutes.  We were able to go through every attraction in a day with time to spare.
Don't miss rides: The Forbidden Journey and The Amazing Adventures of Spiderman.  The Hulk ride was also fun, despite my fear of upside-down rollercoasters. My husband and I ate at Mythos restaurant.  We went to the rest of the rides in the Mythos area and they're highly skippable.  The Mythos restaurant, on the other hand, served excellent food (and alcoholic beverages!) for non-theme-park prices.  I would have paid about the same amount for the same quality food in South Beach.  Highly recommend it if you want a nice sit-down meal between rides. If you're trying to decide between the two Universal parks, I'd go with this one.  Also, if you're trying to decide between Islands of Adventure and the Disney parks, I'd recommend Islands of Adventure for young couples looking for a bit of adrenaline and magic.
I must say, this  place is GREAT!!! Its fun for every age. There is Dr. Seuss land for the kiddies. Then there is the Hulk for the ultimate roller coaster rider. My favorites are Pluto's ( water ride), Twister, Spider man, and Fire & Ice.  They have meal deals that you can purchase and eat/drink all day. The food is not bad at all. We had burgers and fries. When you visit the park wear tennis shoes, because there is lots of walking. Also, buy the $18 preferred parking pass. It gets you closer to park. When you pass thru security, there are people trying to get you to get obtain a credit card. So, beware!! They say, the bags are free...OK, nothing in life is free.  So, I must say, the second around ( I went in 07) was a blast!!
What can I say? I bought passes for 2 days with the option to pop back and forth between Universal Studios and Island of Adventure.  Things of note for IOA. Harry M-Fing Potter. Yes, it was awesome. There is a almost full size replica of the Hogwarts express that greets you when you walk into the area. Pretty cool. The buildings all look wonderful though many are just empty fronts.  Butter beer is delicious, pumpkin juice not so much. The wand shop was kind of neat but is really a scam to get parents to buy wands.  And the castle, oh the castle. Very neat looking and the ride inside it was great. The line wasn't even bad as there are various areas where the line congregates with cool almost 3d video of movie characters talking to the crowd. There are also many of the talking paintings throughout. We only waited 15 minutes for this but I almost wish it was longer so I could see the show. The comic book area or more specifically, Spider Man. This was a 4D ride (with actual movement) that you wear 3d glasses on and it's all cell animated. It felt like being in the comic book. I liked it quite a bit. The cartoon area has Popeye & Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges. Which is an above average raft ride.  I was completely soaked afterwards so we hit up ripsaw falls which is a log ride since I couldn't possibly get more wet. Then to continue the theme, we hit up the Jurassic park area and rode the river adventure. I knew there was a big drop so I wasn't surprised. Now my significant other...not so much. Time to dry out. The Dr. Seuss area was visually striking but isn't targeted at my age group. But it was neat to look at. Finally we stopped in the Lost Continent area of IOA.  We saw the Sinbad live stunt show. Pretty cool and entertaining. We saw the Poseidon show which was cheesy and dated. Fireballs are cool though but I don't think it was worth waiting.  I think my favorite part of this are was the Mystic fountain insulting people and the spraying them with jets of water.   Overall, I'd come back here in a few years when some things change. We lucked out since the longest line we were in was about 20 minutes long due to 2 factors. 1) a light drizzle 2) it was a weekday. The express pass wasn't even necessary.
Great park with some great rides. Very different from anything you will find in the UK. Some good eating places too. Recommended.
Five stars for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter! Seriously, you are transported to the world of wizardry and witchcraft like, for real! The lockers are such a nice touch and are free while you ride the rides. The butter beer is a must get and the three broom sticks pub is a must do! The hippogryph ride is ridiculously short but it is family friendly. We bought the unlimited express passes for 70$ each and it was definitely worth it!
This is much better than universal studios. The rides are fantastic, and my favourite is the hulk. Get there early though otherwise the crowds become riddiculous. If you fancy a bite to eat head to hard rock on citywalk, great food and not overpriced as you would expect.
My only complaint would be the long lines, Boooo... But with that said and done ..  Oh-My-Goosh!  Jurassic Park and Spider Man  Whoa, E.T. is very beautiful as well as Twister.. Still wondering who told them to remove Back to the future???? Jaws was cool, Terminator, ugh I thinks not.., Disaster was a disaster, a total waste of time especially if you previously did Earthquake, they should of just left it the way it was, just to much going on.. Love, Love, Love the Barney Christmas Show, and Incredible Hauk -ooww, Next visit I will definitely do Harry Potter  due to all the good reviews.
A very welcome addition to the Universal Studios experience, Islands of Adventure offers a number of hair raising rides, along with plenty for the younger, or more genteel visitors. When Spiderman opened there it was an ultra state of the art ride, but now is rather passe compared to many - but that said it is still a technological marvel (no pun intended). The Hulk features the most invigorating opening to a ride you could ever wish for, whilst I would have to rate Duelling Dragons as the best coaster I have ever been on. I was even goaded into taking Dr Dooms Fearfall against my better judgement and enjoyed amazing views across the park once I was brave enough to open my eyes!
A-W-E-S-O-M-E. I don't care if you're staying in Disney World. Hell, I don't care if you had a threesome with Goofy and Snow White the night before. If you like roller coasters, get your keister to Islands of Adventure. The Hulk is nonstop adrenaline from beginning to end, and Dueling Dragons is one of the best inverted coasters around. It's definitely freaky when you see another train of cars coming directly towards you! Even Spiderman, which is a thrill ride -- and I'm usually a roller coaster-or-nothing kind of guy -- is really really fun. I didn't even bother going to the regular part of Universal. Which is fine with me. IOA was a lot of fun and I'm glad I made it a point to spend a day here. You should do the same.
This is my favourite theme park of all time. Although I am usually not a great fan, it has 2 of the best rides ever in the Adventures of Spiderman and the brilliant Dudley Do-right's Ripsaw Falls. The latter is not just a water ride but a real soaking, so make sure you have a change of clothes! The secret is to make sure you stay at one of the Universal resort hotels (we were at the Hard Rock Hotel and it was ace!) That way you can go back to your room whenever you need and get fast passes to all the top rides.
Some people go on and on talking about how much better Disney is and how WDW is so much better than anything Universal has to offer. In response to that I have two words: Dueling Dragons. What does Disney have that compares? Nothing. Before you say Rock N' Rollercoaster, that compares to Hulk. Both are launch coasters and are similar in a few ways. Dueling Dragons is much different. This isn't a review of the coaster though so I won't bore you with details on that. IOA is pretty awesome. The whole point here is rides, rides, and more rides. Want to go high, fast, and upside down? Ride Hulk first thing, and then Dueling Dragons. Both are top notch. Want to be totally amazed at the technology in a ride? Check out Spider Man. It's another attraction that Disney can't directly compete with. Kiddie rides are limited but what they have are pretty great. The kid area is all Dr. Seuss and it's like you just stepped into one of his books. My daughter LOVES all the kid rides, especially the one that gets you wet, which is basically Dumbo, with water, and much shorter lines. Cat in the Hat is very cool but a little jerky. My daughter calls it the spinning ride. Overall this park kicks ass. I think Disney is great and overall I do give them props and I do think WDW is as good as it gets. HOWEVER, Universal kicks some ass too. There are only 2 parks compared to 4 but the quality of some of the top attractions can't be beat. At IOA my fav's are Dueling Dragons, Spider Man, and Bilge Rat Barges because of how wet I get. All of the other attractions are great too though. Only downside is the distance from where you park to the entrance to IOA. It's a walk, especially if you get there later in the day and have to park farther away. The moving sidewalks help a little, but it still takes a lot of time, and a lot of walking, just to reach the park.
We always have a good time.  We like to stay at a hotel on property so that we go through all the fast past lane with the hotel key.  We love the The Mummy Ride.  Don't miss it!!!!!
Loved the Spiderman ride/simulation Liked the Simpson's simulation but it is the closest I will ever get to a roller coaster.  The ride simulates a free fall and high heights.
Love, love love it! Best of all the theme parks we visited (most of them, except Disney). Definitely has the most unique rides and the best design in terms of the 'theme'. Incredible Hulk coaster has got to be one of the best in the world, loved Spiderman and Jurassic Park as well. Food was good too, especially with the all you can eat deal. If you're only going to go to 1 park, make it Islands!
Love being a kid again! Got super soaked on the Popeye Rat Barge Ride, it's deceiving, you'd never guess you'd get that soaked.   To the by-pass the long lines for the Harry Potter ride--go in the singles rider secret passage, you skip a l-o-n-g line and end up just a few feet from jumping on the ride.  You do get separated, but my husband and I rode only 1 car apart.
Great place to visit with the family!  Be sure to buy the fast pass to skip ahead of all the long lines in the park.  We have an annual pass and love it!!!
HARRY POTTER HARRY POTTER HARRY POTTER. Okay the Wizarding World of Harry Potter fell a little short of expectations. Its kind of small! But honestly, I DON'T CARE. I'm such a huge fan of Harry Potter that I know I could have spent most of my day there and be happy :) Zonkos, Owl Post, Honeydukes, Hog's Head, Hogwarts Castle, Butterbeer stands. Loved. It. All. Uhmm... so outside of Harry Potter I went on the Hulk ride (pretty fun but bangs your head kind of hard), and...Spiderman's 3D adventure gave me really bad motion sickness. I threw up afterwards!
The price is not equal to the amount of attractions in the park.  For this price, there should be double the coasters and rides.  Harry Potter was nice, but not as great as everyone has made it out to be.  We love Harry Potter and were not blown away.  The butterbeer was delicious though.  Cedar Point is still the best amusement park in the world.
Came in for Halloween Horror Nights XXI. Had a blast I can't begin to explain how much fun I had here. The lines were not as bad as we had thought they would be so thankfully we didn't waste the money on fast/speed pass. Won a few prizes for my lady, had a few drinks it was a great time and thankfully the weather was not an issue this night. I plan on coming back here this weekend with more of my friends and I hope it is if not as fun close enough to it.
Not worth the hype!  Very expensive and left me feeling ehhhhh.  Harry Potter World is nice but it seems like thats the only reason people are going.  Hulk coater and Spider Man are cool.  BTW, DON'T get the express pass it a rip off!
A great experience, wonderful shops, rides and entertainment.  This was my first visit here and it far exceeds the Los Angeles one.
Another great park Disney added to their attractions.  My wife and I love to bring a water bottle along to fill up at fountains along the way.  A FAN spritzer can come in handy to cool off while walking in the summer months.  Worth the teeny tiny investment.  Cool, eh.  Love the adventure schtufff and Sara likes the eats and other fun stuff. Will come back to this and update again soon.
BEWARE OF THE "MEAL DEAL!!!" Once you enter the park, at the entrance of the bridge right before the big "Hulk" roller coaster, there's a booth that says "Meal Deal". For $20 bucks, you can eat all day. But what they don't tell you is that only select restaurants are part of the deal. What they also don't tell you is that the only restaurants that are part of the deal serve the same exact meals: Pizza, Salad, Fried Chicken, Fries, Burgers, Pasta. That's it. When my dad was asking about the deal, the old man showed us a menu for a restaurant with a dish the was $15 and he said, "That's only one dish! With this you can eat as much as you can all day!" Sneaky. Unless you can eat burgers and fries 3+ times a day, then this will work out. I felt like I was going to have a heart attack after having pizza for lunch and a burger for dinner costing $17 total and I went home after that.
Harry potter area is amazing. Ride is pretty cool..had butter beer. Taste like good cream soda with a butterscotch foam top.
Much better than Universal Studios park, bigger, more organized and HUGEEEE!!!!!! Head over to Harry Potter first to beat the lines if you get there early then enjoy everything else later :) Make sure to try the spiderman ride and the forbidden journey! those were my two favorites.
Tip for The Forbidden Journey: Go directly to the store/locker area to skip the long line. This will save you up to an hour of waiting in line.
This was probably the best theme park in Orlando!  Just to make things clear, Universal Orlando is split up into two parks.  Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios.  I'm more excited about the Islands of Adventure. Anyways.  Before heading to Orlando, we did some research on the parks there and read up that this theme park was more adult appropriate.  THANK GOODNESS.  After going to the Disney parks the last 5 days, I was sick of smelly children and parents who didn't know how to navigate a stroller.   Each part of the park was amazing.  They were so unique in their own way and was so much fun to explore.  My favorites were probably Hogwarts and the Marvel Comics them parks.  Quick tip: when you go on the Hogwarts line, skip the ridiculous line by going on the single rider line.  Umm. Single rider?  Yeah right, I was not separated from my riding buddy.  In fact, I was sitting right next to him.   I do have a complaint though.  The lockers are "free" for the crazier rides where they don't allow carryon items, but the allotted time is based on their ride wait time.  I feel like thats unfair because sometimes its not accurate.  We came out of one ride about 15 minutes later and they charged us.  Granted it wasn't very much, but it wouldn't be pleasant if that had happened to us several times.   I mosdef recommend this park to adults.  As much as I love Disney, Universal Studios is much more badass :)
Come to ride The Hulk, totally worth it alone. No slow climb to the top on this coaster, it fires you to the top going from 0 to 45 mph in two seconds. The rest of the park never stopped delivering. Tons of rides, they kept them open even in bad weather. Beats the hell out of some Six Flags I have gone to.
I love this park! The Harry Potter part of this theme park is the best part. I was so mesmerized by the detail work they put in on this project. The castle/ Hogwarts was amazing. I will be visiting this park again!
So not worth the time and money when you can go to Sea World instead!  The waits are long, the advertising is misleading.  The service is mostly good, but there are also a few bad apples like the pair of employees standing in the middle of the candy store complaining about their lives instead of stepping aside and letting the patrons shop.  They have capacity numbers posted on the buildings but don't pay any attention to them -- we were like sardines in the stores. The food was good, and I also thought it was reasonably priced for a theme park.
The theme park itself is ok. Mostly roller coasters, and, of course the Harry Potter section.  Its not a cheap place.  $95 for one park, non hopper.  Seriously, not cheap.  That and parking for $15 is alone drops them to 3 stars for just OK. Its not a working studio like Hollywood. Overall, a fun park, but you can do this in less than one day.
We have been to Universal Studios in California and it was good but the Universal in Orlando was EXCELLENT!  Favorite ride -  Harry Potter and Incredible Hulk for sure!  Poseidon tour - ehhh not too much!
Amazing place.  Truly awesome.  Just not as well-designed and well-run as Disney.  There were several minor incidents we had that just made us think:"That would never happen if this were Disney." But the rides are top-notch and the scenery/architecture is unbelievable. Harry Potter is ridiculously nice but wayyyy too crowded and not very well managed.  I went into more detail in my review on the "Wizarding World of Harry Potter"
Universal Studios is taking a slow dive down.  It is still fun, but not the same experience you will get at Disney.  The employees do not keep to the level of the other park.  Restrooms were dirty, just a different attitude all around.  I was excited to go to Harry Potter World and is the only reason at this point that I wanted to do Universal.  There are only two rides.  Although they incorporated the dueling dragons to be in Harry Potter World...those coasters have been there for many years and are not new.  The new coaster ride at HP was rough and nothing to it.  The actual Harry Potter ride was pretty darned cool though.  Not worth the ticket price.  I was very disappointed that they built this whole beautiful setting and most of it is fake storefront and non-interactive.  It's totally a "been there done that" no need to return thing.
Three things: The Wizarding World of Harry Potter Theme park, Churro, and sharing it with that special person was the freaking highlight of my weekend getaway. 1. This park makes Universal Studios seem like the Jane to Marsha, and I was so shouting IA IA IA. 2. Bias moment) I am a Harry Potter FAN. To actually see what I see on movies and books in real life, was AMAZING!!! The details that went into this theme park was well executed. The Dragon Challenge was fun, the fight of hippogriff was probably better for kids, and the Forbidden Journey was the best ride on the park. It was worth the 1 hour wait! Details of the castle as you waited were down to a T. 3. All the other theme parks had great rides from Spider-man, to the hulk, to water log ride. 4. Express tickets ARE A  MUST. We looked beyond official in our express lane passes. Overall: this was an A-, because it had more food spots, and not enough rides. I also think the ticket prices a too damn high.
The favoured Universal park by management. It is clean, up to date with the fastest, scariest rollercoasters. I would say it is more for adults or teenagers and not young children as there is really not alot for them to do. If its busy getting the Fastpass is a good idea, shame that you cant que for it like at Disney and have to pay extra. One for the big boys in my opinion.
Fantastic. Went on a rainy day so it was not crowded- yeah! Happy Potter was awesome. Don't bother with Olivander's show through unless you have little kids. It was 45 minutes to get in to the small shop and the show was probably 8 minutes long. Butterbeer was yummy- get frozen! All the rides were short waits- maybe 20 minutes max? The waits are also pretty entertaining- much more so than Disney.
I really enjoyed visiting this theme park - I preferred it to Universal Studios. I am not a huge thrill rides fan, but the water rides here were amazing! The popeye rides were so fun, and the Jurassic Park one was amazing! The theming is very good, although I did not think it was up to Disney standards.
Universal did a fabulous job on Harry Potter. As Matt S mentioned, even if you aren't a total HP fan, it's still worth a visit. They really paid attention to the details. The biggest draw would have be the Hogwarts ride. I don't want to spoil anything but I would get there early and do that first. There's plenty of time to visit everything else. I really think they can do without the Sinbad portion of the park and expand the Harry Potter part. Maybe do a Quidditch related ride with brooms? IF you do not have time to go to both Universal Studios and the Islands of Adventure, I would definitely choose the latter. No competition!
Easily my favourite theme parks in Florida. Has 6 world class rides in my opinion including the incredible hulk which is like no other roller coaster experience i have ever had. Only problem is the ques can get quite long and i dont like Universals fast pass system which is if you pay more money you can skip the que. That is the only flaw though in this truly world class theme park.
BEST THEME PARK EVER! ENOUGH SAID. I'm so excited to be coming back in 2 months! The MUST-RIDES: -Spiderman 3D ride -Forbidden Journey (HUGE HP fan here) -Bilge Rat Barge Get all your merchandise before leaving rather than during your visit because you won't want to bring those along with you on the rides. If necessary, ride in the single riders line. They move much faster. Also, bring snacks like rice krispies and water in case you get kind of hungry until it's time to eat lunch at the Three Broomsticks. Wear comfortable shoes too...no rubber bottom/cheap Old Navy flip flops. Instead wear those toning slippers like Skechers ToneUps or FitFlops. They are so cushiony that your feet will feel better the more you walk. Lastly, take lots of photos!
This amusement park is one of my favourite of all time. It is the home to lots of amazing rides, including the incredible hulk, which still blows my mind! Also a theme park to visit if you want to get wet!! It is very clean and the staff are nice and friendly. Can definitely recommend going here for a great family day out.
What can one say????   This is an excellent theme park with awesome rides.  Although they have the new Harry Potter section, I'm old school and think that the Spiderman Ride still rocks as the "BEST EVER".  My son, on the other hand ranked it second to the Harry Potter ride.  (lol). Definitely worth the visit.  We spent three days park hopping.  One day won't work.
Visited orlando in Aug 2008 did both parks which were both superb although if we had to choose we would go for the Island of adventure. We bought the fast pass and whilst it was expensive unless you enjoy standing in que's it's a must. Plenty to do lots to see don't forget to get a souvenier drink beaker for your refills. Word of warning onb the fast pass get round the park and book your slot early as all the good rides run out of fast pass slots during the day.
Haven't been to Harry Potter Island yet. Park is basically closed if it rains, except for Cat in the Hat ride and Spider-Man ride. Oh-the Spider-Man ride. Yeah, it's epic. Make sure you bring a change of pants. My favorite theme park, although it could use way may more rides.
Awesome coasters ! On weekdays Long waitingqueues !!
I was disappointed from the moment we arrived.  Universal Studios feels the need to nickel and dime you to death.  Everything is extra.  The main reason we ventured over to Universal from Disney was for the Harry Potter experience.   You have to pay for 2 parks just to go to Harry Potter and you have to pay extra for a "fast pass".  COMPLETE RIP OFF!!!   Walking in to Hogsmeade was magical and then the magic disappeared.  You can't carry a very small backpack to ride the dragon challenge coasters nor Hogwarts so you have to pay to put them in lockers.  When we got there, the line said less than 10 minutes to ride the Dragon Challenge.  The lockers were free if you were using them for less than 20 minutes.  We put our stuff in and locked it.  We went to ride the coaster.  Of course the coaster broke down and we were in line for over an hour.  We got back to get our things from the lockers and found that we had also locked our wallets.  We had to find an attendant and have him unlock so we could get our belonging back.  Then of course we had to pay once the locker was open even though that was completely their fault.  Felt like a bait and switch.  The day never got better. We waited for over 3 hours to go through Hogwarts, again with more lockers and more money. The most disappointing thing was trying to go through any shop in Hogsmeade.  So stuffed with people you couldn't even see merchandise.  Tried to sample a butterbeer and the line was over 45 minutes long! A complete waste of time and money.  If Universal ever doubles or triples the size of the Harry Potter park and then limit entry, my family might consider returning. BTW, we were there the 2nd week in February on a Thursday (off season)!
Awesome, the rides are really cool. Harry Potter Incredible...
Average wait time for rides 60-90 minutes. Overpriced junk food with a 10-15 min wait line or 30+ for restaurants. Basic ticket is $95 and if you want express as much as $180 per person. If you ask me, not worth the money. This coming from a Florida resident. If you must come here for the mandatory trip for the kids, be SMART and come here during the week and preferably NOT the winter. Tickets are half the price and lines are so short you can do back to back rides. Like I said... Be smart.
Great for families and kids, not so much for couples. Maybe it was because neither of us like cartoons/comics, maybe it was the hordes of screaming kids, maybe it was lack of adult rides.  The Harry Potter area looked neat but the coaster was sub-par. Maybe we're spoiled by Cedar Point in Ohio, the best coaster park in the world.
Harry Potter part is key. Can't say enough how great it is for fans. I think they will be expanding it too since construction is going on. Amazing Spiderman ride was all good and has been updated (in 2012 I think). Just enough to do for say 6-7 hours.
Too expensive and not handicap friendly.
This was a blast! Way cheaper than Disney.  We got the 7 day unlimited which allows you to visit both parks and Citywalk.  We started with the Spiderman ride, which was so much fun! It's a 3-D ride and it is pretty intense. Next up was the Flying Unicorn which is not that exciting. Then we headed to Dueling Dragons, where it is imperitive to use the free lockers as your stuff will fall out.  It was a fun ride. We headed over to Jurassic Park which is a must-do. If you are in the front row, you will get wet! We stopped in Seussland, which was very whimsical.  I enjoyed the Cat in the Hat ride, lots of spinning. I did the Storm Force ride, which is basically an amped up version of the tea cups. I did like it. We ended with the Incredible Hulk. It is a must do as well, unlike anything I ever been on.  Very thrilling!  We re-did Spiderman and it was still fun the second time. It is so worth it to come here. Barely any wait. You can also meet the characters and then head over to Universal Studios.
One word - Overcrowded. They sell skip the line tickets for an additional $90 per entry. If you haven't purchased this option (regular priced tickets are still $120), you face lines ranging from 45 minutes up to 1.5 hours. We were turned away from the Harry Potter Village at 1 pm and told to come back at 4 pm while the skip the line holders walked straight in. If you're willing to pay $210, per person, for a day of carny activities and bad food, go for it. I personally would prefer to direct my $800 for two adults and two kids toward something more "valuable."
The weather was a mess, but really, between the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, and all the great 'toon areas of this park, who cared? This park is 1000x better than Universal Studios, and I'll be sure to come to this one on my annual trip to Orlando. Oh! and don't forget to stick around for the superhero show! It was so cool to see Spiderman, Rogue and a bunch of other people hop on their 4-wheelers and drive down the middle of the park street! Awesomesauce. I WILL say this: the branding is way off with the Universal Studios/Island of adventure thing (and who knows? It may be intentional to get people to actually GO to Universal Studios) but, make sure you come to Island of Adventure, not Universal if you want to go to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, I had to learn that the hard way last year. Lame.
This place was a wonderland! For a big kid at heart like me, I enjoyed it very much. The only reason why this isn't a five star rating is because of the crowd. Too many people, especially in the Harry Potter section. :/
Favorite theme park hands down. I have done all the Disney Parks, Universal Orlando and Busch Gardens yet Islands offers a great mix of entertainment / rides that is perfect for me. Hulk - A *beast* of a roller coaster - pun intended. They blast you off immidiatly, whipping you head back as you clear the tunnel towards the light....to find out that light is outside a hundred or so feet in the air. Awesome ride. Spiderman - Haven't been since they change the show, but even the old one was awesome. I remember thinking man this is like "Back To The Future" on steroids. Dueling Dragons - Not sure what it is called now, since the Harry Potter theme took over but what an awesome coaster. You battle it out with another coaster and have some "near misses" coming fairly close to crashing into one another. Harry Potter's Forbidden Journey - I went on this ride before becoming a Harry Potter junkie and I am looking forward to going back just to see everything again. Regardless of not knowing a single thing the ride is truly one of a kind and a must try. Hogwarts / Potter Land - Once again I had no idea what anything was but the attention to detail (stuff I read online after watching the movies) is incredible with a bunch of cool hidden easter eggs through out. Keep your eyes open for some cool things! Jurassic Park - I was obsessed with this movie when it came out and I instantly became a child the first time I walked into this land. The ride is cool, but walking down the bridge INTO the land with the theme song playing...that's the stuff you dream about as a child. Popeye's water ride will leave you drenched - Duddly doo little is a bit of a waste and DO NOT waste your time going to see POISIDON. We were searching for an exit the entire time and couldn't find one! Never much of a fan of Dr Suess but Suess landing is pretty awesomely detailed. Took a photo with the Grinch last time - that was cool. There's probably another couple of rides which I never ride - Storm's and Dr Octopus - but the park has a little something for everyone so I am sure some people love those. Makes me want to make the 3 hour drive right now......
Lots to do... Had a great time
Everywhere in orlando is pretty run down except for dinseyworld and here. Islands of adventure is wayyy better than universal studios itself. The different areas include: Marvel, Jurassic, Harry Potter, Mysthology, and Dr. seuss. I came for Harry potter which i throughly enjoyed. Found great tickets on DW discoutn tickets. We got a 4 day park hopper for the price of a 2 day park hopper :)
Fun time. Lines long but not like it is during peak season. Characters were great, rides fun. Got a henna tattoo. Great for kids & adults. Food expensive but typical for a theme park.
Great amusement park. I was just there last week. Too bad the Simpsons ride wasn't over here then you wouldn't even have to go to  Universal Studios. The Hulk and Spiderman are must dos!!  I love that there are different lands and all decorated that way. Lamest thing is Poseidons Fury. It's not even a freaking ride. It's a walk through show and such a waste of time. Skip it!! Sr. Suess land is a lot of fun. Love it. All in all a pretty fun park. It still doesn't compete with Magic Mountain in socal but it wasn't bad for Florida. Def go in the middle of the week. there were NO lines.
I was excited to visit this park, and boy did it live up to it. Harry Potter was AMAZING. I'm not even a harry potter fanboy and wow, the main ride was one of the best rides I've ever been on. The dueling dragons was pretty great too! We got butter beers (WAY over priced omg!) and there was a line just to get into the wand shop?!? Ridiculous! This place was jam packed. I heard they're building a duplicate in california, hopefully they'll realize they need more space! After Harry Potter, Disney needs to step their game up! Super Hero island was pretty cool too. The Hulk coaster was awesome! Dr. Doom was "ok", was actually expecting a little better. Spiderman was also pretty cool, but not as awesome as some of the reviews made it out to be. The 3D effect is really strong though. Dr Suess area was meh. Very kiddish. Rode cat in the hat and it seemed very weak.... improvements can definitely be made (think roger rabbit at disneyland). Jurassic park water ride was also fun, ride in the front and expect to get SOAKED. We ate at Mythos which was great. They bring you warm bread to start, great food, great service, great views, great decor, great prices! I didn't feel over charged at all, in fact I would have payed more! The only thing I can suggest is add just  *few* more rides... that would put this park over the top. Get rid of most of the forgotten island area (around mythos) and put something better in. It seems like a waste. Also the comic book area seems a little strange... something better could also go here. anyway, great park! I'd love to go back!
I wanted to come here specifically for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  I was a little apprehensive because I loved the World of Harry Potter that I made up in my head far more than what was in the movies.  I was very happily surprised by what they had created inside the park, while it still looked a lot like the movies it just felt more like what I had inside my head.  And the butter-beer was also better than I expected. I'm bummed that we missed part of the Jurassic Park section, Universal really needs to improve their maps.  We thought we had seen everything but then our nephews told us about a ride at Jurassic Park that we didn't even walk past. My only other complaint is that Universal really needs to up the ante on their food selections.  I get that there are a lot of families visiting and kids like hamburgers and pizza but there are also adults who would like something with a little higher quality!!
Spidey 3d ride and harry potter 3d was pretty awesome.  You would have to get to Hogwarts pretty early as this fills up pretty quickly esp the tiny shops.  Try the butterbeer....awesome.  Frozen is definitely better than cold.
Great park!  Just be prepared for long lines and the price tag! Having kids that love Harry Potter, that part of the park is a must.  It probably is the most crowded section.  But it is a fun place to be.  And of course you need to try the Butterbeer.   Overall, the park has some great coaster (dragons in Harry Potter and the Hulk).  Lots of entertainment throughout.   Having an annual pass, we will be back often.  I don't regret buying it!
This incredible park is an excellent value for the money. For starters, the express pass is reasonably priced mid-April and it is available two ways: one time per ride or unlimited so you decide. The park opens early--as early as 7 a.m. if you stay at a Universal property--permitting ample time to see and do most, if not all of the park. It's not too big as to be overwhelming so if you're traveling with younger ones, you can really have a ball at this park and if you're older, there are some thrill rides like Incredible Hulk and Dragon Challenge that are truly terrifying. Elegantly layed out around a large lake, there subtle touches through each of the six "islands", such as music, make it seem like you are really, at say, Ancient Greece.  The park food was the best we had thanks to Mythos restaurant, justly voted Best Theme Park Restaurant in America for several years. Everyone is friendly and the lockers were easy to get to however, I would have preferred all day lockers somewhere in the middle of the park near Jurassic Park water ride or opposite near Ripsaw Falls. The lockers near the water ride that I rented (Dudley's) was a ridiculous $4 for limited use (all of 10 minutes), requiring that I get the water stuff out of my all day locker then stash the other stuff in the temporary one--rather awkward. But Dudley's is by far the best log ride style flume ride I've ever ridden anywhere so definitely worth it to me. This park would win more converts if they offered free temporary lockers for the duration of a typical line/ride time then the option to rent more or converted these to all day lockers. The Flyers ride was 80 seconds long but was the longest wait at 50 minutes. Trying to wait with two 6 year olds is not recommended. This was the longest line we waited in. The others were between 5-20 minutes depending on the popularity of the ride in question. The park is very pretty and although it closed at six on the night we were there, I imagine it is quite beautiful at night. The magic show was amazing as were the rides: Spiderman, Forbidden Journey, all of them incredible. The staff at the Three Broomsticks is to be commended for handling the pressure of running out of eggs on the morning we were there. They handled this crisis well, providing refunds and offering replacement food for the inconvenience, a sign that they had been well trained. Another big plus: my child was able to wear his Harry Potter costume into the park and we got many scrapbook-worthy photos of him near Hogwarts--something he loved. This was very special to him. Finally, in preparation for our trip, we thought the reservation system was wonderful and phone staff extremely helpful in planning our stay at this truly magical resort. We were very happy with the property we chose, the smoothness of the shuttle service to the park, the cleanliness of the park itself, the availability of merchandise, and the professionalism of the very well trained, fun and engaging cast members. We will return again--even though it was a 3,000 mile journey for us--and stay longer at both Universal Parks. Highly recommended.
My best friend and I came to Islands of Adventure especially to see the Wizarding World of Harry Potter; everything else was just gravy.  We showed up right at opening and made a beeline to WWOHP, and wasn't disappointed.  The whole place feels like you stepped right into Hogsmeade, with storefronts and little touches taken from right out of the books.  The Harry Potter experience, Ollivander's wand shop, even the Three Broomsticks all felt perfectly magical.  I would have paid the price of admission to IoA just for WWOHP. The rest of the park, while great for a theme park, seemed to fall short of the excellence that you see in WWOHP.  While both of us were adults, I could see how young kids who love Dr. Seuss's books would adore the pastel-colored section of the park, with lots of characters and shapes from the books.  The Jurassic Park section was adequate, and I liked the dinosaur discovery center with educational exhibits, but that section could have felt more authentic to the Jurassic Park experience (like the theme park Hammond envisioned in the movie).  And having rides in that section that are not water rides would be great: I didn't go on any rides there because I didn't want to get wet. While I adore Marvel Comics, Marvel world felt very...pasted-on superheroes to me.  Like IoA had a section of the park with brightly-colored rides, stores, and theme-park-fare restaurants, they decided to make it Marvel-themed, so they slapped larger-than-life superhero decals on the storefronts and filled the stores with Avengers merchandise.  For all the care that was put into WWOHP, other parts of the park felt bland and rote in comparison. The toon world and the generic "exotic adventures" world (which seems to be a standard for any theme park) felt either outdated or out of touch.  While it felt nostalgic to see popular comic strip characters of yore (remember Beetle Bailey?) around the park, I felt it wasn't very current of a park section, and didn't fit well in between the Marvel and Jurassic Park sections.  I think the park would benefit from a centralized theme in the exotic adventures world, like the other parts of the park: a branded media series would tie it to the other sections, and it wouldn't stick out like the neglected redheaded cousin of Islands of Adventure. All in all, I had a great time at Islands of Adventure, and there's stuff to do for young kids as well as older kids and adults.  But the clear outstanding section of the park is WWOHP, so if you like the Harry Potter series, this park cannot be missed.
The main reason me and the hubby went to this park was for Harrry Potter, which I loved. Ticket counter talked us into getting an express pass, which you use to get in front of the line of most rides one time. There is also another express pass which costs more, but you get in front of the line of each ride as many times as you want. Not sure if the express pass was worth it on the day we went though since the lines weren't too long anyways. They do have a hopper, but I think it would be difficult to do both parks in one day. We went straight to Harry Potter area as soon as the park opened. You can't use the express pass on the Forbidden Journey ride, so it took us about 20 minutes to get through the line. So worth it though since it takes you into the castle. If you get motion sickness, this ride may not be for you. I took motion sickness medicine, and I still felt sick afterwards. The Dr. Seuss area was fun to walk around in, and I'm sure kids will enjoy it. The incredible hulk roller coaster is a must, and try to sit in the front. The Dr. Doom ride had one of the longer lines, but was not worth it. The Eight Voyage of Sinbad show was fun. If you have the express pass, there is a special line for you so you can get in before anyone else. Poseidon's Fury would probably something I would skip, but the kids might like it. I found it a little cheesy.
Memories for a lifetime. I have been to almost every major amusement park in the country, including the fastest roller coaster in the world Kingda Ku...and yet Universal Studios Islands of Adventure has the best ride I have ever been to in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.... this place is full of all sorts of awesomeness... from the Hulk roller coaster, the Spiderman 3D ride, to Jurassic Park water rides....this place is surreal and will make you feel like a kid again. Definitely go, as soon as possible.
I would like to start the same as some of the other reviewers by stating this is not DISNEY! If you have very little children you are not going to enjoy this park, this is too intense for kids under 5-6 years old. My recommendation is to go to IOA when the kids get to around 40-42 inches tall or taller. 1-Port of Entry This is the area where there are alot of shops, a few food places, maps etc. If you listen real closely to the walls at port of entry you can hear peoples voices from inside the walls. This are is also where the strollers are, first aid and customer service area is located. 2-Marvel Super Hero Island MY FAVORITE!! This area is home to the best rides at IOA, hands down. The Hulk rollercoaster with it's fast takeoff and many loops makes it one of the best rollercoasters I have ever had ridden, and I have been on alot in 42 years. SPIDERMAN, what can I say about the most expensive attraction in the world and best simulator ride known to mankind. What are you doing here?Tonight is going to be the most dangerous night of my life, and yours, BE CAREFUL, nice shades. Sorry, just had to do that, I have the whole ride memorized. The first time my wife rode Spiderman, she waited 60 minutes, got off the ride with my 5 yr old son and she said,Daddy, I would wait 3 hours to ride it again. I knew it had to be a good one for my wife to want to wait to ride a ride that bad! Dr. Doom-A good ejector ride, I've been on better and taller, but it is fun and you can see all the park from up there. 3-Toon Lagoon Pretty neat island, with a good place to eat Blondies great sandwiches. Good when you get tire of pizza and burgers. Toon lagoon is the best place to get real, I'm mean real wet! Dudley Dooright Ripsaw Falls Great logride with a long drop, I never get all that wet until the people on the bridge, and you know who you are, shoot the water guns at you. Yea, I'm also one that has been on the end of a gun, hosing people down. Popeye's Bilge Barges This one will get everyone wet. If you do not have a change of clothes and do not want to air dry, STAY OFF IT. This is designed to make sure the boat turns at different areas in the river to insure a good soaking for everyone. VERY FUN!! 4-Jurassic Park The Jurassic Park river ride is als a ride that looks like you will get thourghly soaked, but it is really not to bad. It does get a little intense at the end, I say 6 year and older should be OK. But, get a good hold on them, the safety bar may not go down as far as a parent would like. The Watering Hole is also on the list at around 3:00 for a good cold beer or frozen adult beverage, they have Happy Hour, I think 3:00 to 5:00. 5-Lost Continent This will be the home to the new Harry Potter ride, store, etc. There is construction going on right now. If you go to IOA this fall or winter, it probably will still be going on. The Flying Unicorn Kids rollercoaster is shut down for now and will be getting a new name to go with the Harry Potter theme. Dueling Dragons-Pick Thy FateThere are 2 rollercoaster, Fire and Ice. You pick the one you want to ride at the end of the wait line. Which is best?? That arguement has been going on for a while, I like The Ice Dragon, probably because it was the first one I rode back in 2003. It is a great coaster if your tall enough, don't pass it up. Stop and check out the talking water fountain, he tries to shoot little kids with water and jokes around with them, pretty funny. 6-Suess Landing Lots of shops, books, clothes, etc. Has 4 rides all geared for the little ones. The High in Sky Trolley is OK if the line is not long. I would not wait more than 20-30 minutes max. The Cat in The Hat Ride, is a good fun ride especially for little tykes. The line does move pretty fast. One Fish, Two Fish, is pretty fun, however, the line seems to go slow. OK, now that is a brief overview of the Islands of Adventure, now for all the secrets of the park. Always, buy the refillable cup. It is $6.99 and refills are less than a dollar. Start at the back of the park first and work your way to the front. SuperHero Island will fill up first with the longest lines. Stay at the onsite hotels, Portofino bay, Hard Rock and Royal Pacific, use the rooms keys as a fast pass. No sense buy 4 or 5 fast passes at 50 bucks a piece. NOTE: They can only be used 1 time per ride, the room key is unlimited riding of all rides.
My brother used to work at Universal so I got to come down from NJ quite a few times.  Islands of Adventure is one of my most favorite of its kind. The Hulk, Jurassic Park, The Cat in the Hat, and Dueling Dragons!!  Fun Fun Fun.  Those are my highlights of the park!   One thing I have always loved about Islands of Adventure is the magical feel of the architecture all around you.  From the moment you walk in and throughout the whole park.   The last time when I was here in January 2007, we had it made, there were no lines.  We rode Dueling Dragons 3x's in a row and then The Hulk, but there was some mechanical issue and we were in line for longer than we wanted to be. Your best option: If your planning on going, get a pass for 2 day unlimited use because it is bought online in advance and it is cheapest!
The value is not there!  $79 is totally NOT worth it.  Secondly, they did not advertise the one-day, one-park rate when you enter the park.  They only advertised the one-day, two park rate of $99.  I saw many people paying the two park rate because they didn't know there was a one park rate. Then they charge extra for the express pass!  That means that people who have enough money can buy the express pass, and get on the rides quickly while the rest of us wait.  Get a clue Universal!  Many parks, including Disney, have done away with the Fast/Express Pass for this very reason!!  To me, it just looks like you're looking for more ways to squeeze money out of your customers. You want to have an excellent time for a great value.  GO TO CEDAR POINT in Sandusky, Ohio.  Roller Coaster's Galore!!, Shows, Kiddie Rides.  And, it's only $45 to get in!!!  Really, do yourself a favor.  Don't go to Universal.  My 8 and 13 year old love Cedar Point too.
This park is perfect for roller-coaster lovers, so make sure the majority of your party likes that kind of thrill. The desserts are not good, though, but it is expected for theme park food standards. Great memories!
Islands of Adventure is by far my favorite theme park in the Orlando area. If I stretch that out to the Tampa area, then Busch Gardens would beat it. Nevertheless, I didn't buy an annual pass to Universal (both Islands of Adventure and Studios) for no reason. Let's do a little run-down of the rides and shows that I've been on: 1) Incredible Hulk Coaster: This is actually my favorite ride for the longest time, but after my recent trip, I had to bump it down a notch. Not to say that it's not a great ride. It's definitely one of the best, and since others have spoiled the surprise, yes, it does have a great start to a rollercoaster. Very, very fun and a must-ride when you're here. 2) The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man: What I love about this is the fact that it's not just your typical 3D show. You are actually sitting in a SCOOP car that moves and jerks you around as you go from screen to screen. There will be fire, there will be water, and crazy things will happen to you. Another must-ride and see. 3) Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls: Now this I'm going to have to go on hearsay (oops!). This will make you wet...no exceptions whatsoever. And yes, it's also very fun. Is it a must-ride? No, if you're running out of time, skip this. 4) Popeye & Bluto's Bilge-Rat Barges: Another ridiculously wet ride. No exception here either, and they do warn you several times. So be prepared. Don't even think for one second, "oh, I'll get lucky and they won't splash me." No such luck. I'm serious. And no, this is not a must-ride either. 5) Jurassic Park River Adventure: This has a pretty intense drop in pitch black. Truth be told, this ride scares me more than the rollercoasters do. You will not necessarily get wet, but do be careful and pick your seats wisely because the seat restraint is the same for the entire row. Definitely a must-ride! 6) Poseidon's Fury: This is a show where you get to move around and stand on your feet the whole time. The story is honestly pretty lame, but if you can get past that, the effects are actually decent. If you're in the park during a hot summer's day, then this will be a good cooling off place for you...and everyone else. Not a must-see, but do give it some thought. 7) The Eighth Voyage of Sindbad Stunt Show: This is pretty much your typical acrobatic show with a storyline. Nothing too incredible about the stunts or the story itself, but if you just need to sit and relax for a little bit, this would be an entertaining enough show, especially for the kids. Not a must-see. 8) The Dueling Dragons: Ride BOTH Fire and Ice if you have the time. If not, ride on Fire (the red one). For some reason it seems faster. Ride on the first row, again, if you have the time. The feeling that you're about to crash onto the riders of the other coaster is better in the front than any other location on the coaster. This has taken over the Hulk as my favorite ride in the park. Definitely, definitely, definitely a must-ride. And you must have the Dippin' Dots while you're there. Why not?
Great Wizarding World of Harry Potter Park.
Just back from 3 days and 2 nights at the PBH and universal with a park to park pass. Printed tickets at home. Annoying that you have to use these paper tickets and can't swap them for cards unless you lose them. But if you lose them, probably a hassle to get new ones so didn't even bother. I'd print two copies just in case. The rides were great but after a while,  the simulation rides were just the same. ..spin, something hits it, heat, chase and free fall... having the express pass was great, even if there were no line ups for the rides...walking distance to the ride itself is shorter in the express pass line. Locker system was great but not sure why some rides required and others don't, especially since the rides were pretty much the same. And why do you have to pay for the popeye one? For Harry Potter (and the rest of the park actually) having an Amex can save you 10% on meals (remember to ask otherwise they may forget) and souvenirs over $50 and 15% for souvenirs over $75.   So look around and buy all at once..  My wife brought envelope to the Owl Post to get stamped (free). And the train shows different videos depending on which direction your going. We had EE and the day we left, got to the park around 7:30, let in at 8 (if your first in line they introd uce you and let you do the "park is open" announcement) and was done diagon ally ride by 8:30....then the line up was crazy.
I love it! I love it! When I first saw the Hulk ride and my friend was like "we're doing this first" I wanted to run away. I @#$!%& her throughout the entire ride (screaming intermittently), but at the end I was so exhilarated I wanted to go on it again. But there were so many rides and coasters that I just had to try them all. By the time I got on the Dueling Dragons, I was ready to puke. I love how everything is clean and well maintained and that it's a true theme park experience. Word to the wise - the fast pass is 100% worth it.
Summary:  Pretty miserable day.  Good rides but park was terribly overcrowded and staff was overwhelmed.  Two stars for the excellent customer service representative that let us get free passes to the original Universal Studios theme park.  I would never go back here. Pros: -Impressive job on HP's Wizarding World - Despite the ridiculous crowds, the whole area was well designed.  The major rides in this area were all quite memorable, with the main HP attraction being one of the top five theme park rides ever.  I would say it's a "Must See" for any Potter fan, but I would take the trip in a year or two once this park figures out how to manage crowd flow. -Great thrills - The Hulk was previously the landmark attraction here and still provides an awesome experience. Cons: -Overcrowded - We made the mistake of being there during Spring Break season.  The park was completely oversold.  The staff had no ability to contain the crowds, and there were no signs to direct traffic flow.  Everybody in the park was on edge and miserable.  Most rides had 75+ minute waiting times.   -Excessive ride breakdowns - Basically, numerous rides were down or running at partial capacity for extended parts of the day. -Overpriced - We did not get our money's worth.  Thus, after getting only in five rides in seven hours, we returned to the customer service desk and got free passes over to the other theme park.
Islands of Adventure is one of our favorite theme parks.   The rides are great, and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Yes, you spend a lot of money here -- but it's a great experience. Universal has great annual pass deals for Florida residents--and is much more affordable than the Disney parks.
How could you not give 5 stars to a theme park with roller coasters like the Hulk and Dueling Dragons? They are building the Harry Potter World which should be very cool too. We have had annual passes to IOA in the past and would love going out in the evenings during the off season. The lines are short and they have happy hour 2-4-1s!!! We would get a beer or two at the Enchanted Oak then ride the dragons a few times. The water rides (Popeye, Dudley falls) are fun if you want to get soaked. We even like the Dr. Seuss land with the strange carousel and spinning couches. Even Jurassic Park with it's anamatronic dinosaurs and steep drop off finale are a blast. They have great events too, some years hosting Halloween Horror Nights. Sometimes it is at the Studios so you have to check. I think IOA is the best theme park in the city for those who like roller coasters. It is more of an adult/teen park than Sea World, Disney or even Universal Studios. A great day!
Too expensive, disorganized, and they could care less, as long as they take your money!
What can I say that hasn't been said already?! I simply love this theme park, the rides and different areas all so very unique. Been here a couple of times and like it enough to keep on coming. I also love roller coasters and can get my adrenaline fix with the ones here. If at all possible avoid busy times of the year because, just like everywhere else, it will definitely get quite busy and less enjoyable with long lines and people all over the place.
Universal Studios Islands of Adventure is my favorite theme park in Florida, hands down. Every visit I have made has been fun and memorable. Dueling Dragons is a pretty awesome coaster, leaving your feet dangling like if you're on Montu at Busch Gardens in Tampa. It whips you stories over water, it's exhilarating, as you race against the other coaster and even come very close during some parts of the ride. The castle you wait inside before riding is pretty cool as well. Doctor Doom's Fearfall shoots you 150 feet in the air. I always panic a little before it takes off, wondering if I'll be able to come back down. Before you know it, your friends watching from outside the ride are a tiny dot and you are high in the sky. Spider-Man is a cool 3D ride, but I honestly don't care for it too much after being on it as many times as I have. I've been inside Poseidon's fury and it was nothing too great. There's all kinds of restaurants, shops, and arcades in the theme park itself, it's really like a city of its own. My favorite ride has to be the Incredible Hulk. The first time I rode it, it was a huge rush riding it, and every visit since has been just as great. You really feel like you're flying on it. All the wind hitting your face and when I came for Grad Bash, riding it late at night was even more awesome, seeing all the lights around during the ride. As far as water rides go, Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls is plenty of fun, and one of those rides that you want to get back on just as it ends. Jurassic Park's River Adventure has to be my second favorite water ride, providing an adventure before the big drop and soak. Popeye & Bluto's Bilge-Rat Barges is another fun ride that will get you really soaked. Universal Studios Islands of Adventure really is a great park and the perfect choice for Grad Bash in my opinion. Can't wait for my next visit.
One of the best two days of my Florida vacation was spent here. It has a little something for everyone.
Super fun theme park! They have lots of diversity and rides for all ages. My favorite ride is The Incredible Hulk. That first launch is amazing, and you get to see so much of the park. I also like Dragon Challenge but be sure to secure your belongings. I go on coasters a lot, but that was the first one that actually left me bereft of all of the things in my pockets.
Came here solely for HARRY POTTER of course. *Harry Potter & the Forbidden Journey: Though the line was long for the ride (thank goodness not 6 hours long like when it first opened), the ride was worth it, one of my favorite theme park rides ever. *Flight of the Hippogriff: what a waste of time. Waited 15 minutes in line for a super super short ride -___- *Hogsmeade: pretty legit though I wish more stores were real stores, and not just set up for decorations.  Didn't buy anything from the stores b/c it was overpriced x 10 but it's understandable, it's a theme park, and it's Harry Potter. *BUTTERBEER was addicting! Yes I know it's pretty much like butterscotch but it was like crack.  It was a hot summer day, the cold butterbeer hit all the right spots. I ordered one to share with my boyfriend. It was so good we came back and ordered 2 more, no sharing this time LOL. Besides Harry Potter World, the rest of the park was okay.  Lots of cool places/scenery to take pictures but the rides weren't that great.  Loved their water ride though, one of the best water rides I've been on, we were SOAKED when we got off, but it was perfect for a hot/humid Orlando summer day.
Universal Studios blows. Maybe I am comparing them to Disney but regardless, almost every ride requires that you put any bag you have in a locker. Some lockers start at $ 3 for an hour. Even the rides where the locker was"free"for the first 55 minutes are so poorly managed that you have a great many people fighting for a few lockers. I got shoved in front of my kids and this is the off season! The merchandise is very poorly made (you can buy the same cheap plastic on oriental trading) and waaaaayyyy overpriced. The Harry Porter area was visually very cool but again very poorly managed. The food we had was also very disappointing for what we paid. Today for tickets alone was a $ 500 fail.
I love this park! I have been an annual pass holder for the last 7 years. I love all the new things they are adding to the park including the new Harry Potter train station! Such a great park!!
As younger sibling to neighboring Universal Studios, Islands of Adventure stands on its own steady theme park legs as the more immersive and themed experience at the Universal Orlando Resort.  Coomprised of several 'lands' (as other Yelpers have already detailed, so need to rehash) that spin the stories of places near, far and make-believe, any visitor to IoA can find a niche that feels like 'home' here. Interspersed within these very different areas are a variety of attractions, ranging from kiddie (i.e. Cat in the Hat ride) to thrilling (the Hulk) as well as well-stocked gift shops and a suprising spread of dining options.   Sadly, my very favorite attraction of IoA was a victim of re-theming with the addition of the area you cannot neglect to mention when speaking of IoA: the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  See, I may love visiting Hogsmeade and drinking butterbeer as much as the next fairweather HP fan, but did you really need to send my 'Flying Unicorn' a-packing?  Where else will I be able to coast over a death-defying drop with the sounds of magical fairy dust and sunshiney rainbows providing a soundtrack?  Huh? In all seriousness though, IoA is a solid performer of a theme park and barring obviously busy times (like Christmas-New Years week) it's not nearly as stressful as visiting those 'other' parks west down I-4 ;)
I decided to give Universal another shot so we could check out Harry Potter. After a bad park experience in 2004 I decided to stick with Disney. While I'm glad I went and saw Harry Potter, next time I'll go back to magic kingdom. Harry Potter was really neat to look at but it was packed.  The main castle attraction/ride was 120minute wait. No thank you. I was happy to chill in the area but even the stores were packed. They made them too small. I wanted to check out the scarfs but there was a line to even get into the retail shop.  And I went in January after school was back in session so I can only imagine what it's like on holidays.As for the rest of the park, I liked the Dr. Seuss area. Great for smaller kids. And I always like the Jurassic park ride. I just can't get over the fact that Universal charges extra for their express line. You'd think being across town from Disney World they'd be able to copy a few things like the fast pass. At Universal you have to pay ($30-$50 depending on the park) to avoid the lines. And it doesn't work on the main HP ride so it's not worth the money. At least at Disney when it's packed you can still get on a couple rides with out much wait using the free and efficient fast pass.
Amazing way to spend the day! Felt like a little kid again :)
Great park.  Head to harry potter first or you will regret it.  I went to HP and the ride was already at 75 minutes.  By the time i got on the ride I had waited 95 minutes.  I think it was the best ride in the park. The Hulk and Spiderman are also pretty great rides.  The hulk will make you dizzy if you have been drinking the night before :x Butterbeer - Its a sweet cream soda.  You can get a soda version or the icy version.  Great on a HOT day.  This drink is NON ALCOHOLIC.
Harry Potter and Incredible Hulk - AWESOME!
I love the Universal Orlando Resort! Being a Premier Annual Pass holder, I've been able to visit the park on several occasion and have yet to get bored of rides. My favorite rides in no particular order are: the Hulk, Dr. Dooms Fear Fall, The Adventures of Spider-Man, Dudley Do-Rights Ripsaw Falls, Popeye and Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges, Jurassic Park River Adventure and Harry Potter and the  Forbidden Journey.
HULK RIDE!!!!  SIMPSONS!!!   Bring nose plugs so you don't smell BO coming from the Harry Potter nerds :)
Islands of adventure was the best. They had great rides like the Harry potter one and the hulk. Also they theme everything and even though it is one park it feels like you are in multiple stories. I was so surprised when they had butter beer at Harry potter land(not beer and is for everyone). Also they have rides that will get you as soaked as going in a pool! To me the staff here is even better than "Disney's" because they are as just as nice and for the Spider-Man ride a really nice worker named Peter let my family go on express for free just to be a nice person. If you come here I would suggest coming on a "dead week" because when I went it was a dead week which is what a staff told me. A dead week is where there are few people at the parks so there will only be 5 to 10 minute wait rides except for one or two rides which would be at max 40 minutes. The only thing I didn't like too much was there shows, but everything is awesome. This park is for everyone and everything there will blow you away! Have a great time because I know you will love it.
Just a fantastic park. Really great rides (bigger 'thrills' than Disney!) and wonderful theming. I definitely recommend you purchase their version of the Fast Pass (you buy a ticket that lets you skip the line for each major ride ONE time). Just a heads up, you will get SOAKED on the Popeye-themed rapids ride and "Rip Saw Falls." The recent update to the Spiderman ride is a huge improvement on the 3D aspect. Harry Potter land is very cool, but always much more crowded than the rest of the park, even on seemingly slow days.
Came here with the fambam, and really enjoyed it! Went to the Harry Potter section first [suuuuper crowded], and made our way around the park. Some hilights [besides Harry Potter] include the Jurassic Park ride, Incredible Hulk, and the Poseidon adventure. It's just unfortunate that most of the lines are suuuper warm, even when they're inside. They don't tend to be too long, but I think next time, I'll buy the Express Pass. The only reason why they're not getting five stars is because it gets crowded preeeetty fast. I'd definitely come again (:
As with Universal Studios, this theme park has some really great attractions.  The park is broken up into different areas- Jurassic Park, Marvel Super Hero Island, Harry Potter, Toon Lagoon, The Lost Continent and Suess Landing.  Each area you enter, you feel that you were transported to that spot and the details are very impressive.  The Dragon Challenge (previously known as Dueling Dragons) is such an intense fun roller coaster- you have two different coaster options and each one provides a different ride experience.  Incredible Hulk is just plain insane.  The ride starts by shooting up an incline from 6 to 40 mph in 2 seconds out of a tunnel.  As soon as you excite the tunnel, the coaster inverts, goes shooting down a drop right into a loop.  Believe me when I say intense is an understatement.  The new Harry Potter area is beautiful.  For those who read the books / saw the movies can truly appreciate the craft that went into making these attractions.  You feel like you have entered Hogsmeade- all the little shops have such beautiful details and everything is covered in "snow".  The Forbidden Journey ride that takes place within Hogswarts Castle is really the only of its kind.  The attraction is overwhelming and I cannot believe the details they were able to incorporate in here.  It made waiting in line actually enjoyable.  Dr. Doom's Fearfall is a fun thrill ride that shoots you straight up into the air that gives amazing views of the parks and then drops you into a free fall.  This place is just plain awesome and truly incorporates all different levels of rides that everyone can enjoy.
Islands of Adventure was once my favorite hang out for roller coasters considering that they are only one of two places that have any roller coasters. My favorite is the Dueling Dragons (I refuse to call it any thing else Harry Potter fans) and I am proud to still have my two t-shirts showing such. The Hulk is a good ride but I think it lacks any length. It is very short and not worth the long wait in line. Spider-man used to be a cool ride but I've grown out of it and I think it needs to be changed (which I understand they are going to add higher definition projectors). Jurassic Park which only has one really cool part, the end, should be removed. Harry Potter, well, Harry Potter is Harry Potter but nothing about what they have added to the park is very exciting to me. Dueling Dragons will always be Dueling Dragons to me and when I go to ride it I wear one of my two T-Shirts which I have retained through the years. I dislike Harry Potter attractions as they "attract" lots of little kids and young adults who gum up the other rides and cause a complete cluster frak in the rear of the park. Over all if you like rides Islands of Adventure is the best thing going in Orlando. The food is over priced and yuk! except for the Green Eggs and Ham sandwich. The gifts and trinkets are crappy, over priced garbage. If you happen to be daring enough to visit during Halloween then Halloween Horror Nights is usually really good for the family. Believe me, go just once. I know each year the "quality" varies but Bill and Ted's Excellent Halloween Adventure is a MUST see! Try to avoid the mega long lines. I recall some haunted houses being over three hours of wait!!! Go on OFF-EVENINGS and avoid the weekend crowds.
Without the new Harry Potter attractions Islands of Adventure would be a poor showing of the attractions in Orlando.  I would have given it one more star but I found the lay out for entry confusing.  We went specifically to visit the Hogwarts Academy but there are no real signs telling you whether to go to Universal Studios or Universal Island of Adventures.  Both parks are next to each other but have separate entry fees.  We ended up purchasing tickets and express passes to the wrong park. When we realized our mistake I told one of the ticket takers and she said "it happens all the time" and to go to customer service.  For something that happens all the time you would think they would do a better job differentiating the parks.  Fortunately we were able to exchange our tickets but it added on an extra hour to the trip where we could have been getting in line. There are different sections of the park and there is something for everyone.  In addition to Harry Potter (which to me is the ONLY way I would ever go), there is Jurassic Park, Toon Town, Dr Suess Ville, Marvel comic rides and a really insipid Sinbad area.  The toon town and Dr. suess ville are like a bad acid trip but the kids will like it.  Jurassic Park was probably good 15 years ago but now it just seems laughable like a "scary" version of Magic Kingdom's Jungle Adventure.  The spider man ride, a 3D thrill ride was pretty cool though.  You feel like you are a part of the action. I will write a separate review of Harry Potter as it really deserves a special distinction.   In general, just make sure you get the right tickets and try to eat at the restaurants at the front of the park unless you like school cafeteria style food.
I just got back from Orlando and had a great time... The Wizarding World of Harry Potter was simply amazing..   I loved the Books I loved the Movie and now being able to walk thru the streets and thru Hogwarts and experience it first hand I just can't put into words how amazing it is..  We went on opening weekend and of course it was very packed do yourself a favor and stay at 1 of the 3 Universal Hotels that way you get all the benefits like the Water Taxi, Early Park Admission, and Express Pass if we didn't have these benefits we would have waited HOURS just to get into Harry Potter not to mention the Lines once you get in but we walked right in and hardly had to wait in line for anything...  As soon as we walked in we went straight to the Main Attraction Hogwarts and it is beautiful walking thru the castle and watching the painting move and talk to you just like in the movies then getting on the ride i cant even describe how cool it is, it's by far the best ride I have ever been on..  After we rode that ride we road the 2 roller coasters but to me they were just typical roller coasters then we went for the ButterBeer in 1 weekend I had about 5 they are addicting and they are so good allot of people told me to get the Frozen 1 and I didn't but I think the Regular 1 is way better it has a lot more flavor to it...   I can go on and on about everything in the park but this review would be too long.. So do yourself a favor and check it out if you are a fan you will be more of a fan of Harry Potter and if your not a fan you will become 1 after visitingThe Wizarding World of Harry Potter...
I looooved it! The main attraction here was definitely Harry Potter World. I loved seeing Hogwarts Village and all the shops from the windows. I felt like I was in the movie. A couple of the workers did refuse to take a picture with my camera because they said they didn't know how to work "Muggle things" which I thought was rude but funny at the same time. Few things to note about rides: 1) They won't close rollercoasters because of rain. It still runs. However, they will close it at first sight of LIGHTNING. 2) There's free lockers at every ride that will require you to store your bags so don't put money in there 3) Bring extra clothes and a towel for the wet rides because you will get drenched. We didn't get to ride any of them because we didn't bring anything. 4) GET THE EXPRESS PASS - It's totally worth it, especially if you are limited on time. I never waited more than 10 minutes on anything. Not even Despicable Me in the other park. Harry Potter World Go first thing in the morning to the main attraction in the Castle. That was really neat. Probably my #2 or #3 choice. You cannot use the Express Pass here. The Butter Beer tasted like over-priced cream soda. I heard the frozen one was better (about a $1 more) so try that one instead of the regular one. Don't get the plastic memorabilia mug if you want a glass one, they'll have it at the gift shop. If you see something at Harry Potter World, just get it and have it delivered to the front of the park. There was a lot of things that I saw here that was not at the Main front store. Most definitely try the Dueling Dragons roller coaster. It was a nice "warm up" for the Hulk. :-) We also wish we had time to eat at Broom Sticks. Marvel Land I loved the Spiderman ride and the Hulk ride. For Spiderman, we felt like we were a part of the movie. The Hulk was probably the most impressive roller coaster I've tried so far! Shopping is great in Marvel Land. The t-shirts are very good on price compared to Disney World so get your shopping done here! There's definitely more variety here than the front main store. Dr. Seuss Land Loved the shopping here. The place makes for great photos too! I bought a Thing 1 and Thing 2 shirt for a dogs =) Toon Town This place looked pretty awesome for photos and there's a lot of unique shopping here as well. We didn't have a chance to visit the other places.
If it wasn't for free express passes given to us.  No where telling where this review would be.  BUT.......... I had a great time.  My favorite rides were the Harry Potter Forbidden Journey, Spiderman 3D and the Incredible Hulk.  The Harry Potter ride , the theme, the money the put into Forbidden Journey is the best themed ride I ever seen.  It was like a three minute long ride and very unexpected on movements.  The Imax feeling felt surreal as if you are really riding those brooms.  Great job to those developers. The spiderman ride is a close second.  Thanks to the express pass, got on this ride in 2 minutes.  God knows how long those people were waiting in line (my guess , at least 90 minutes).  the 3D was very cool and asthma taking. The Incredible Hulk coaster was awesome on the quick take off.  When you think the ride is coming to a complete end and it takes off again. Loved it. I expected more coasters at this place.  Admission is over priced but with a free express pass, you get a star. I do agree with the other reviewers, overcrowded....not enough coasters but too much food stands and crap like that. Grade: A- / B+
Went here with the family for Spring Break.  One word...crowded.  90 minutes in line at Olivander's to see a 4 minute discussion about wands then shuffled into the store to buy one which was so crowded it was stifling and no way to make it to the exit.  Waited in line another 90 minutes for the Forbidden Journey ride only to have it break with people caught hanging upside down according to the lady next to me who's unfortunate daughter happened to be one of them.  Estimated 2-hour wait to get it fixed - missed that one.  Apparently the same mechanical issues plagued two other rides (Spiderman and the dueling dragon's rollercoaster).  Lines were an hour just to buy a butterbeer.  We chose to eat at one of the restaurants and after a 45 minute wait were able to get in and have lunch and order the butterbeer's there.  Overall -too crowded, quality control is obviously lacking, poor crowd management.  Nice cast members though which saved one of the stars.
This park is so much fun and you have to at least go once to try out all of the Harry Potter attractions.  The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, trust me as you walk through, if you turn around and close your eyes you will open them again you will swear you are in Hogwarts.  There is plenty to do and see here for all age groups, just make a plan ahead of time of what attractions you have to go on and go from there but plan on a very long day of waiting. The Incredible Hulk Coaster This was are favorite coaster and is definitely worth the wait.  While waiting they do have televisions going once you get in side, after that you climb up and up and then finally its your turn.  This coaster let me tell you is not for the faint of heart it is extremely fast and the dips and twist do not stop coming. Jurassic Park River Adventure This ride is perfect to cool off on and you do get wet a little but not soaked.  It's a great ride and the everything that's going on in the inside is a nice glance into the past of how good Jurassic Park the movie was.  Be prepared for the killer drop at the end. Dragon Fast Challenge These are two separate roller coasters:  Chinese Fireball and the Hungarian Horntail and they are both two completely different coasters.  They are both fast but I enjoyed the corkscrews from the coasters the most.  If the lines are going, I always say go into which ever line is shorter, I honestly could not tell a difference from each coaster. Harry Potter & the Forbidden Journey This is a great family ride and it is very interactive.  It is well equipped for long lines and what is best is when you get in side, its so amazing, you'd think they actually filmed parts of the movies hear.  WARNING:  If you suffer from motion sickness do not go on this ride and if you feel yourself getting sick on this ride just close your eyes and it will go away.  The ride is like watching a 3D movie because your are on a ride but for much of it you are looking at huge movie screens and then flying above and all around.  I think it's something that everyone should try at least once.
Im a season ticket holder and while I love IOA, i have some complaints.  First, I love the layout and rides they do have.  I like virtual shows and street entertainment.   I feel they need more "rides" though.  Virtual rides cost pennies compared to real coasters or moving outdoor rides.  So, if you're going to charge me so much to enter, at least invest in rides that take money to make to justify the cost. The food, horrible. Nothing decent in the health department.  With america leading the way to obesity, how about large parks like this one offer a few more healthier choices.  sorry, no offense, but im going to be here for an entire day, I can chose not to eat here but Im most likely going to.  Not everything has to be fried or greasy.  The chicken tenders are by far the worst.  :( some shows are starting to show their age, so im hoping they invest more time and money soon. I will renew my membership for 2012, but if nothing new replaces a show like Terminator 3d, its time to reconsider.
Buy the pass that lets you cut in line...well, not really but it sure seems like it. The pass allows you to sort of go pass others standing patiently in line.
This amusement park has some unique rides that are pretty fun. However, if you'd like to purchase anything, they will overcharge you for EVERYTHING! I was not very impressed with the food offerings. Their 'Meal Plan' allows you to pay $60 and entitles you to a deep fried meal and a deep fried snack. Healthy offerings are almost non-existent inside of the park. Although Harry Potter's area seems to offer only healthy items at '3 Broom Sticks'. I had heard that the writer of the books required only healthy entrees be served. The amusement park was otherwise very typical and very large. If you're into Amusement Parks, you'll come here no matter what. I can honestly say that I came, saw and don't feel any desire to return. I will, however, come back to the nightlife at City Walk.
Annual pass is a great deal if you live in the area. I have yet to see Harry Potter. Probably have been here over 75 times during my years at UCF. Halloween Horror Nights used to be good but it's not scary anymore. Dr.Seuss is fun!
The rides are fun.  We enjoyed Harry Potter's Forbidden Journey, Bilge Rat Barge, and Spiderman.  However, they seem to put a lot of thought into the ride, but not as much into other operational elements.  For instance, you must put your stuff into a locker before going onto the Harry Potter ride, but the locker area funnels people entering and exiting the ride through the same small, cramped room.  Also, the locker checkout interface is not designed for that volume of traffick.  The only place to change for the water rides is the restroom (they need an actual changing area), but the one directly across from Bilge Rat Barge only has 1 or 2 stalls.  Additionally, because it is a restroom, you can't tell if the water on the floor is from peoples' clothes or from toilet overflows (yuck).  Some of the rides (e.g. Dr. Doom's Fearfall, Pteradon's flight) were a complete waste of time.  You also have to pay for the lockers, which are too small.
Always a blast here, Bubba Gump, Jimmy Buffetts, Pat Obriens, Hard Rock, Groove etc... Highly Recommend! (but get a annual pass for Universal!)
My wife wanted to give it a four or five and I wanted to give it a three. Wife wins, it's a four. If you want to see Harry Potter, you must come early and do the rides immediately. By lunch it is a zoo. Our family thought it was the best. We are a weirdly non-ride group of folks, so I wanted to give it a three. Butter beer is a must. Go for the frozen. It is butterscotch flavored while the liquid one is a cream soda. LOTS of great merchandise so make a budget. We really like Jurrasic Park. The discovery center was a neat change. My seven year old is convinced the hatching dino was real. We had a with the cheesy Dino water ride. Note that the pterosaur ride is not adult friendly. It is for wee little ones. I felt like a dope leaving the line. Had food at the Fire Eaters. One day I'll quit paying the prostitution fees called theme park food. It sucks. It's over priced. I really need to start leaving at 1 to eat outside and return later. Ok, I really want to give it a three now. We did the Harry Potter ride. It was ok. Did spider man. I'm 6' 5" and the jerky action almost took off my patella as it kept slamming the hard plastic sides. I told you we were a non-ride family? The HP area, JP area, Dr. Seuss, all were incredibly well landscaped and designed. Every turn was entertaining. We also watched the Sinbad stunt show. Very entertaining. Whole family liked it. Caution where you sit. Many of the areas look good only to have water cannons hit them. Not fun if you have a smartphone. Other areas are dry, but hard to look thru the ship masts that they use for their zip lines, etc. Whole family had fun. My finances drained rapidly due to the merchandise at Harry Potter.
can be very very busy 'n you'll have to stand in line in the sweltering sun 2+hr for each individual ride, but once u get the adrenalin rush its all worth it.
I get it. I'm not in the demographic. If you're 14 or under this place is probably super amazing, but for anyone who's graduated high school, apply your math skills.  $130 to wait in lines in Florida sweltering heat for rides that can be topped at any major theme park... I just don't get it.  If you're a hardcore Harry Potter fan, I guess there's an appeal, but even that was moderately entertaining at best. $40 for a meal you could get in the Publix frozen food section for $3.99.  $20 to park. If you must go, just go after 6pm and wander around the restaurant section. For Florida residents, it's free to park after 6.  Then you can see all the crying kids and miserable parents on their way out of their day of "fun."
It's an awesome theme park. It's so much fun to go from one themed area to another! Things to absolutely go to: -Harry Potter world. I haven't even read the books, and I still loved it. Both of the dragon rides are great, and the ride where you first walk through the school is a must. Yes, there's no express pass for it. Go early. -Hulk Ride. Oh the G forces. -The child in me LOVED the Cat in the Hat ride.
I wuuuuuuv itttttttttt. Thank you to the Superbowl promo for free 5 day park hoppers.. or was it 7 day? It was freeeeeeee and super fun. The hulk... definitely not expected for a first timer. The spider man ride was blowing my socks off. I felt like a giddy girl about to pee in her pants when getting kissed for the first time. I was smiling the entire time. Again... first timer here. The Dueling Dragons was super fun too. I think fun is the keyword in this post. It was fun (ooh there it is again) to go onto the "ice" and "fire". YESSSSS for the cut through line if you want to go on it again. AND SUPER YESSSSS to being asked to participate in a TV survey at the park. For about 30 minutes you fill out a computer monitored form and get $10 or $ 20 for it. I forgot. But all I remembered it paid for lunch. Why not when everything costs an arm and a leg. The Dr. Suess ride made me super dizzy.. but was fun! (ah man.. there's the word fun again). THANK you superbowl promo for letting me come back for consecutive days for free after! now that's a touchdownnnnnnn.
This park doesn't have enough rides. Some of the rides it has are very good, others so-so, but overall, there's just not enough to DO. Plenty to eat and buy and take photos of, but not enough actual rides to feel worth the money. I spent too much time in line. I liked the maturity level of the rides compared to Disney (this place actually HAS thrill rides), but Disney manages crowds better and has enough activities to constantly engage people. Worth going once, but I don't look forward to visiting again like I did Magic Kingdom.
Honestly, my favorite park ever!! I have been to many six flags and disney, hershey park, other places like that. But this one easily tops them all. If you want to go somewhere with young kids, then perhaps disney would be better. But as long as the people you are going with are old enough to ride the big roller coasters, forget disney! This place is AWESOME. So many different rollercoasters and thrill rides its incredible. To ride everything you would probably need to go 2 days. All of the rides are themed too, its amazing the work and decorations this park puts into the rides. I highly suggest going here, you will not regret it.
I give the Wizarding World of Harry Potter 5 stars. As a huge Harry Potter fan, i was spell bound. However, I am a plus size woman with a DDD chest and have never been more self conscious or humiliated in my life. For a ride that was just built, The Forbidden Journey needs to cater to larger people. I was so upset when "the fat police" told me I couldn't go on it that I cried. I have never felt so humiliated in all my life. I am getting lap band surgery over the summer and cannot wait to go back next year after I lose weight. I do not, however, appreciate the humiliation I felt this year.
I am from SoCal... and our Universal Studios Hollywood is so disappointing after coming here. I know that in Hollywood it was originally a movie studio first and then they made it into a theme park... whereas the one in Orlando started off as a theme park and they have way more land. The rides here are so much better and lines are very organized! Universal really pays attention to detail to making everything really come to life. It makes you really feel like you enter different worlds. I especially loved the Harry Potter world and the Lost Continent. I am definitely coming back! Maybe one more time before I have kids (because I am a kid at heart, so bringing the kids mean I have to responsible, so I can't just ditch them and do what i want to do).
First off, I'd like to stay that I am only give this place 3-stars because I didn't get to go on many of the rides.. which I think is the main attraction. So my fiance doesn't like roller coasters is one of the main reasons we barely went on any rides.. BUT the lines were SO LONG... Although, the one that we went on (wasn't as fun as I thought it'd be---more kiddy-ish) said the wait time was 45 mins, we got onto the ride in about 30.... most of the other rides (oh, I'm referring to the rides in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter) were at least an hour to two hours wait.. I personally would have waited if I had gone with someone that was much more into rides.. so we didn't... Overall, I was amazed at this place & how much it's changed (I've been here once before about 10 years ago).. We first went through Dr. Suess! Ahh.. childhood memories of all the books... I thought this area was super fun to see and be a kid again (last time I came here.. I was with my two teenage boy cousins... so... not much fun there)... We went onto the one of the rides... it was like a story book adventure.. and I thought it was pretty neat. :) As for the rest of the park.. since we didn't go on the rides.. it was sightseeing and shopping.. which I did plenty of... much more than I should have.. since the prices are SOO OVERPRICED... but sometimes you just can't help it! Definitely fun for people who go on rides.. but have the patience.. but not fun to go and spend all your money. :(
This place is everything you expect. The wonders of the Universal movies comes to life. Go to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
Just go!!! Not much more to say :)
The more I explore Islands of Adventure the more I enjoy it.  Having said that, it all depends on when I do my exploring.  If I'm there to take a stroll around in the morning or night I'm fine, but mid-day forget it.  This park out of the two Universal Parks seems a bit crowded on the walk ways.  There's a lot of meandering throughout the different themed islands, and to get to one island you have to walk through one or two along the way.  The paths are narrow for a theme park, so crowds are bound to happen. When you first enter Islands of Adventure you will notice the enchanting music being played throughout the Port of Entry.  There are a handful of shops along the way.  You will find some fun props for photo opportunities in this exotic location.  One of my favorite things to do when I visit Islands of Adventure is to stop in the Croissant Moon Bakery, grab a pastry and coffee sit back listen to the music and watch the crowds wander in. As you make your way into the park and follow the path counter clockwise you will soon find the bright colored characters and such that tout the many Dr. Seuss books.  Seuss Landing is a haven for the little ones visiting the park; while most people will use it as a walk through to get to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. If you don't want to walk through the main hub of Seuss Landing look for the path on your left as you approach the area this will take you around back and get you closer to the Lost Continent.  The Lost Continent is an eye catching area with Greek Gods larger than life.  This area is beautiful at night. The popular Mythos Restaurant is located here along with some shops, shows, snack stands, games, henna artists and more. Once you weave your way through the Lost Continent you come upon The Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  This is what most of the folks visiting Islands of Adventure are coming for.  When you turn the corner and you see the castle you are amazed.  This area of the park is fun to walk about.  You can just see yourself wandering around like Harry would have.  While I find The Wizarding World of Harry Potter to be incredible it's also a nightmare most of the time.  I have been a number of times and there has always been a crowd.  There are times when there isn't much of a wait for the rides, but the crowds walking around this section are always full. Now that you've made your way to the back of the park continue on your journey to Jurassic Park.    You'll see dinosaurs and hear bits of the soundtrack as you walk around.  There are a couple of rides and some eateries.  If you are into dinosaurs you will be in heaven! Once you leave Jurassic Park you will notice the noise level goes up a bit as you enter Toon Lagoon.  Everyone enjoys watching Ripsaw Falls.  Like Seuss Lagoon this area is brightly colored and has a lot going on.  You'll find some characters, water rides, restaurants and shops located in this cartoon inspired land. The colors continue to be vibrant as you make your way to Marvel Super Hero Island.  This is boy heaven; loud music, superheroes and the amazing Hulk coaster and Spiderman.  There's a lot of action going on in this land. While my kids love the park my husband finds most of the rides very jerky and not worth the headache.  I'm somewhat in the middle.  I find Spiderman and Forbidden Journey to be amazing, but Hulk scared me half to death, and the other coasters gave me a headache.  I get the most out of the park by taking in the scenery, walking around and doing a little shopping and grabbing a bite to eat. While I prefer Universal Studios, Island of Adventure doesn't disappoint.
We came here for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  If you are a fan you are in the happiest place on Earth and you will be snapping photos so crazily you don't care you look like a Japanese tourist!  There were so much to see and it's the only area that was so crowded we have to queue up for the rides.  The expression of "people hills people sea" fits nicely here but I didn't mind it one bit because that adds to the fun of being there.  Who would come to a theme park to avoid crowds?  The more people the merrier!   I can understand why it is the most interesting attraction in the whole place. It's just full of magic!!    I like walking in Hogsmeade Village visiting the shops and into Hogwarts for the ride.  There are staff dressing in gowns walking around so you can stop them and have a chat and a photo.    Must try Butter Beer - it's like cream soda with taste of cookies and butter scotch.  It is so sickeningly sweet and I lurve it :)   Fun fun fun!!!
Why 4 stars? Because Harry Potter is the gold star.   ---   ---   --- Thanks Chris W for the heads up, I apparently mixed up my Universal and Islands of Adventure reviews. Updated: Ratings for each ride: Hulk - 3 Bilge Rat Barges - 3 Ripsaw Falls - 3 Jurrasic Park - 3 Harry Potter - 5 Dueling Dragons - 4 Spider Man - 4 It was a pretty meh day after our first four rides. And let before I move on to the main event, let me say that if it's slightly chilly outside, do not ride the water rides. You get fairly soaked. Luckily they have human sized dryers in the park, but you need to do at least two cycles of them before you begin to notice a difference. I have never watched a Harry Potter movie or read a Harry Potter book, but I can say that the ride the best in all of Orlando. Similar to the Simpsons and Transformers, but with an extra bit of awesome. One of my favorite rides ever. And the butter beer was delightful. Spiderman was, again, pretty much the Simpsons and Transformers with a different video playing. Dueling Dragons is a fun coaster.
A quick last minute stop for a day in one of many of Orlando's theme parks.  If you've only got a day and you want to experience one of the theme parks, this one is it.  Not too big, but big enough to keep you occupied all day.  The hulk coaster, the harry potter coasters, and Dr. Suess land are good to go. Try the Butter Beer in Harry Potter world... it's bomb
This is a great an modern theme park.  With rides like the Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk Coaster, there's something for everybody.  Someone had to make a Marvel Super Hero Island once and for all and Islands was the one to do it.  Every land makes you feel submerged in that culture.  Super Hero Island is covered with animations on great comic legends, comic book shops, and little hidden artwork here and there.  Toon Lagoon is covered with classic cartoons, funny jokes, and all kinds of little side effects.  Jurassic Park feels exactly like Jurassic Park.  Look down at the walkway and see all the dino foot prints or listen for grumbling or rustling in bushes to find a hidden stegosaurus.  Check out the Jurassic Discovery Center where you can guide a baby dino egg to hatch.  Lost Continent is a mystical old land with great architecture and effects.  Seuss Landing is filled with hidden jokes and possibilities so you need to really explore that island.  This park has the most detail with every minutia out of all the theme parks.  For instance, throw a penny into the mouth of a fish near one fish, two fish, red fish blue fish and watch it talk to you.  Or put a penny in the statue in the lost continent to get two bits of wisdom.  This is one of the most aesthetically pleasing parks with great rides.  Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man in itself has so many hidden treasures like the phone number when Doc Ock is shooting his ray at Spider-Man and the Iron Man posters.  Really check it out and pay attention to detail.
As an annual passholder, I have found ways to enjoy the park without having to waste all of my time in line. Go after 5 during the week, avoid the weekend and hours from 10-5. I love Mythos restaurant, the mushroom soup is amazing. Lots of options to choose from at a reasonable price. Love butterbeer, of course, but have to take bonine before riding the Harry Potter castle ride. Can't wait to enjoy the new additions to HP. Plenty to do here, and love to cool off in the water rides.
Best theme park in Orlando for rides.  Disney is more geared for kids, but this theme park has the most adult rides that will fill your day.  Skip the express pass.  So expensive at $70 a day...it is not worth almost double your ticket to save some time on the rides.  If you are impatient, there are designated single rider lines where you ride in one row and your family rides in another row.  As fast as it gets and free. Food is crap inside the park, so you are better eating at City Walk directly outside the park before you get back to car garage.   Wear flip flops, sneakers will get wet and you will regret it.  Don't carry anything, just cdit cards and camera if needed.
I've heard a lot about this place throughout the years... and on the travel channel as well, especially about the dueling dragons coaster. I've just been waiting for the day when I'd finally be able to go check it out. I finally went here last July with my bf on vacation. We both totally loved this place. It's awesome and the rides are also most definitely super as well. I would go here again if they had one in California too!! I love 3-d rides bc they are just so different and bring you so much more into the ride. My fav rides were the Spiderman and Dueling Dragons. There are 2 coasters on the Dueling Dragons... both are super fun to me and I can't quite tell the difference but I know that there is!! People were talking about it... and it was on the travel channel too. I didn't get to ride it enough bc by the time we had already rode each & wanted to go again... the lines were super super long :( We went early in the morning and there were barely any lines for most of the rides... we quickly went in and were so thrilled about it. The Poseidon's Fury is cool too, it's very different and you feel as though you are going an exploration with some cool effects. The one ride the we really really wanted to go on was The Hulk, but unfortunately bc of the weather, it opened and closed, mostly closed throughout the day. The are lots of cool places to take pics and in the Comic area, there are like those quote bubbles that you can stand under, pose and take pics. That was fun. Popeyes Barge ride was also fun and most welcomed bc of the hot & humid Florida weather.... unfortunately it also rained and thundered... in July! The food here isn't bad and not badly priced either. Pizza goes for about $2-3 and bottle soda is less than $2... we also had split a rib/chicken dinner meal for like about 10 bucks. I'd come here again if I was ever in Florida... and this time I would HAVE to ride The Hulk!!
This park is not worth $102.50. It is so small. You can easily do it in one day. I went on the child's roller coaster in Dr. Seuss World because the Cat in the Hat is awesome. I am a HUGE Harry potter nerd and came here specifically to see the Wizarding World of Harry Potter which was wonderful and fulfilled my every nerd desire. However, I cannot say that I would go back and pay for both parks to see Diagon Alley too. $140 is too much money if you don't like being flipped upside down. I spent 3 hours here and did everything at park close. I went on all of the rides multiple times, had a beer, a butter beer, saw ollivanders wand presentation, and ate some dinner. 2.5 stars rounded up to 3. I don't like roller coasters so I doubt I would go back to this park to do anything else.
Harry Potter was great, but disappointingly small and took maybe half of the day. The lines were out of control and without a free express pass/fast pass option, you either wait and hope or suck it up. Past Harry Potter, I was surprised and enjoyed several of the other areas, but if you're comparing things to a Disney park, the magic just isn't there. It's fun and some of the rides (Like the Hulk) are above average, but for the cost and the waits (which are crazy EVERYWHERE in the park, not just Harry Potter), I'd rather just spend another day at Disney.
I went during a weekend in October 2012 for Halloween Nights and arrived at the time when the park opens. Make sure you go to the island of Harry Potter since it gets crowded by noon. For adults, this is the best theme park in Orlando!
A very cool theme park! Went with the family, looked around, went on some rides and had some butter beer at the Harry Potter Land (which was a cool area). The butter beer was very tasty! My favorite rides were the Spiderman Adventure (superior effects) and the Cat In The Hat (which was funny at times). Have fun!
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review 5/31 Being a huge fan of Harry Potter, I had to visit US IOA during a trip to Orlando.  HC and I got away from Disney for 2 days to visit US and IOA.  I had heard that this theme park was pretty good, but I thought it was the best one we visited during our trip. Beautiful landscapes and great themes for each area.  We enjoyed all of the coasters, especially the Hulk one!  The Dragon in HP land was good as well, but it didn't run as smooth as the Hulk did.   Marvel: The Hulk coaster and Spider-Man rides were awesome!  Loved the SM ride and didn't have to wait too long for it.  Hulk coaster was one of the best coasters we rode on the trip.   Toon Lagoon: The Dudley Do Right log ride was a great way to cool off from the humidity and we got soaked!  I had expected to get wet on the Jurassic Park ride as well, but we didn't even get a drop on us.  We didn't ride the Popeye ride, but I heard people got super soaked on that ride as well.   Suess Landing: We only rode the Cat in the Hat ride here, which I thought was pretty good for a dark ride.  I liked how the cart spun you around.  I never expected it and I thought the characters and scenes on the ride matched the story well. Jurassic Park: The flume ride was really cool with guests going into Jurassic Park.  I thought the dinosaurs in the ride looked real and would have loved it if the ride were a little longer. Harry Potter: I will write a more in-depth review for this later... We were also able to have lunch at Mythos, which I read is a great restaurant (see my separate review) and it lived up to my expectations.   If we were to return to Orlando again, I'd make sure that we return here again.
the better of the two theme parks at the resort. this place features great rollercoasters (incredible hulk and dueling dragons) and the best log ride i've ever been on (dudley do-right ripsaw falls. the themed ares are nice even if they copied the jurassic park exactly from the hollywood one. the harry potter area was the most popular and the most interesting but there were too many potheads there so we hit it up first then got out of there. otherwise a fun day walking around going on various lesser rides.
Oh how I miss thee!! Let me get straight to the point, Dr.  Seuss land is very adorable, the jurassic park ride is beyond life like and very thrilling, the hulk ride will make you pee your pants (walk with extra underwear) & the spiderman ride is beyond realistic!! I came here while they were building the Harry potter land, can't wait to return and finally try it out!
If I had to choose between Universal Studios Orlando and Universal Studios Islands of Adventure, I'd pick Islands of Adventure. There's so much more to do and I absolutely adore the Jurassic Park and Harry Potter sections of the park. I'd go to this park just for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter and I can't wait till they finish building a smaller version at Universal Studios Hollywood!!! I love Harry Potter and it felt so nice being amongst my nerdy HP brethren. Four and a half stars.
I've never been to Islands of Adventure or Universal Studios before but so glad I got the chance to go now (12/12-13/11)! I've been to Epcot and Walt Disney before but never Islands of Adventure. I absolutely loved The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, Incredible Hulk Coaster, Krustyland, Revenge of the Mummy and Universal Orlando's Horror Make-Up Show. The Harry Potter section was truly amazing and the detail and work put into Hogwarts and Hogsmeade were truly stunning and vivid! The Incredible Hulk Coaster was great and quite fast (a great thing!) Krustyland was visually entertaining while Revenge of the Mummy involved an actual coaster and really cool theatrics! I loved the realism and also secrets of F/X involved in Hollywood theatrical products! I thoroughly enjoyed both Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios and would definitely recommend them for older teens over Epcot or Walt Disney!
Pretty cool. I enjoyed my time here. The Harry Potter ride was CRAZY COOL! I've never experienced a ride like this and it's very hard to describe, not a roller coaster more of a full sensory experience. A "real life" or "virtual reality" type of ride. Awesome. The Jurassic Park ride was really neat as well. The Men in Black ride was pretty weak. My drawback to Universal Studios was it seemed like 80% of the park was restaurants and shops. This was more like Mall of America with a high entrance cost. Last thing to add, go to "Springfield" the Simpsons area of the park, and there was Lard Lad Doughnuts, get the ice cream on a doughnut. Sinfully stellar! If I were to go back, it would be for one of those.
We were just here this past Friday - oct 4th - for the 2nd time to do the whole Harry potter thing. What a great time to visit the park, no line whatsoever!!! We got to ride all the rides and the longest wait we ever had was probably 5 to 10 minutes. This park is very doable in one day as long as it's not crowded.
My 5 year old son, his baby sitter and I liked the Spider Man ride, the Bluto's white rapid barge ride down the river and under water falls (You will be drenched!), the Sinbad the Sailor show and Poseidon's Fury. The torrential rain prevented us from seeing more of the park on the day we had paid to go there.
Butter-freakin-beer. Do it. Came here two days ago ( a Wednesday in late March) and had a BLAST! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Loews Royal Pacific Hotel, so we walked to the park in 10 minutes. We got park to park passes and fast passes through the resort booking, and it comes with early park admission so we strolled right in around 8:45. Actually, "strolling right in" pretty much characterized the experience, which was the best park experience of my life. The park wasn't especially busy that day, but with the fast passes,  we went from stuffing our bags into the (free) lockers to pulling them back out in 10 minutes or less. Skipping those lines feels soooo good, and it allowed us to easily ride all the rides in a day. In fact, we rode all the dry rides by lunch, had a long lunch at Emeril's outside the park, went back to the hotel, walked the dog, took a nap, and then went back in our bathing suits to ride the wet rides before closing. That was the perfect way to do the parks - easy peasy! After about 6 PM we could walk right in even without the fast passes. We were the only 2 people on the Jurassic Park boat ride! It was like having the park to ourselves. DO NOT MISS the Harry Potter 3D ride. I'm a hardcore coaster girl, but I have never ridden anything like it, it was so cool. The butter beer over there is so tasty, it's like root beer with a buttery cream on top - worth lining up for. There is some ride by Ollivander's that people line up for EARLY so hit that up first if you're interested. Other than that, be sure to ride the dueling dragons (or whatever that double coaster in Hogsmeade is), the Hulk, and that ride that shoots you up and drops you. The Dudley Do Right log plume was the best water ride.  So much fun! The souvenir shops at the front are the best and carry a lot of stuff from the smaller shops. The cute version of the cat in the hat is adorable. The only things that were majorly meh were Poseidon's Fury and the shows. Good for kids, maybe? Otherwise, I am pushing 30 and I had a BLAST.
This is the voice of experience talking... listen up. There are better parks around. I got to go here for free (including food and drinks), which was cool. If you're in to roller coasters, Busch Gardens and Six Flags are far superior. Spiderman was ok, I guess. I prefer things like Millenium Force at Cedar Point or a good wooden coaster or batman the ride at six flags. If you're in to movie theme, Disney is better... especially MGM and Animal Kingdom. If you want to do more grown up things, Universal Walk or Disney's Pleasure will be more fun.
the Harry Potter ride is fricken awesome! although the machines have been used before in other theme parks, i've never seen one put together so seamlessly --- the flow between virtual reality and dark attraction definitely sets an example for the amusement park industry.
If you have only one theme park to go to, go to Islands of Adventure. If you grew up with Harry Potter, then you're going to squeal like a child when you see Hogwarts and Hogsmead. I know, because I did. Every section in this theme park is beautifully put together. They say the devil's in the details, well the details around here are phenomenal. Picture spots everywhere, music, characters, and the gift shops... ahh.. the gift shops. All the while you make your way closer to Hogwarts in the distance, and your excitement builds. There are only a handful of rides that an adult would like, and my favorite three were the Hulk and Harry Potter's two rides. The 4-D rides are amazing. My husband isn't a roller coaster guy, and even he loved Spider Man and Harry Potter. We were luck enough to come during the off season in February, and an added bonus is that it was raining so we waited less than 15 minutes for every ride. We rode Harry Potter 4 times in one day, which is a bit obsessive but hey, they take a picture when you get to the forbidden forest and the spiders come at you, and we just had to get a good picture to take home! Be prepared to spend a day or two here if you're lucky like us and can ride everything in one day and then spend a day wondering around, or several days if you're coming during peak season. I highly recommend staying at a Universal hotel, because the fast past saved us a lot of time on almost all the rides!
Love love love.  I am a child at heart (or just in general I guess) and had the best time!   WWOHP was AMAZING.  It doesn't matter if the line to the castle is long.  Do it.  Its worth every minute.  We went twice.  The one thing about Hogsmeade that really let me down was the Butterbeer.  I wish someone had told me beforehand that it was AWFUL.  Now I have a pretty gigantic sweet tooth and when I purchase food/beverages I always finish them but I had to toss more than half of the Butterbeer because it was so sugary it made me sick.  Don't get it. The Marvel area was pretty awesome too and I loved the 3D Spiderman Ride.  The Hulk Rollercoaster was fun but pretty intense and apparently the older I get the less I can tolerate rides like that.   Overall the theme park is really well done and the rides are fun.  One word of advice, wear comfy shoes, my feet did not do well after 9 hours at Universal.
another disapointing trip to a ultra marketed attraction park with no particular interest.
The kid in me comes out!  Fortunately that is not a long trip.  IOA is fun for all.  I enjoy the coasters and rides.  Hulk, Spiderman, Potter, and Dragon Challenge are my favorite.  My daughter loves Suess.  Cat in the Hat, the trolley, and Carasuessel are high on her list.  The little splash pads are fun for her too.  If you the park to park passes you can pretty much keep the little ones busy all day with new things and not have to loose your mind listening to the Cat in the Hat over and over.  Each island has its own theme.  The park is nice but usually busier than neighboring Universal Studios.   Overall, worth the trip.
Need I say anything else must do universal too you should definitely do a two park two day ticket
hulks a great coaster, spiderman is still fun but potter was a small cramped poorly designed space that was WAY over priced.  meh, I've had better.
Late review (went here in December 2013) I highly suggesting going Early December if you can. Hotels are pretty fair, and crowd level is manageable, and weather is still ideal (at least during my stay it was). Highlights: #1 The Wizarding World of Harry Potter: Forbidden journey (the BEST ride in the park IMO), Frozen ButterBeer (Frozen over regular), Three Broomsticks, Dueling Dragons, and the overall décor (amazing details) -Marvel area -Jurassic Park!! Classic -The Christmas décor at the Dr. seuss area was awesome Notes: - You WILL get soaked on the Popeye raft ride. Be prepared! -With most amusement parks, bring comfy shoes.
Great roller coasters- all area total blast!  We did the Hulk first- what a ride- I had a blast.  Spider man was fun too- the 3D graphics are really cool.  Jurassic Park overall was really nice- just a pleasant little walk in general- and the river ride was fun and you don't get too wet if you sit in the middle of the car.  Dueling Dragons is fun too- pretty intense and fast- but its a pain to get to- do we really need to walk through that much fake scary castle?   Overall a really fun park- I did Disney in 99 and wasn't really blown away by the rides- if I were to come back, I'd def. stick with Universal!
awesome rides! yay for harry potter!! i have an annual pass because i like to go whenever i have guests from out of town visiting. fave ride is the rocking rollar coaster .
The big brother (or big sister, I'm really not going to worry much about gender assignment here, what with all the hubbub Facebook is assigning to it these days) to Universal Studios just next door, this park is supposed to be a bit more adventure-y, with attractions that are more for the grown up in you, rather than the kids. Or perhaps for your grown up kids, if that's your thing. Either way you look at it, it isn't cheap, but what is these days? While Universal Studios is more like a studio lot (but less so than Universal in California), Islands of Adventure has more that the older kids will enjoy. But not if they are too old. In fact, we were hoping that our just-graduated-from-high-school-kid would enjoy it, but quite frankly, our just-got-into-high-school-kid didn't even dig it all that much. Our four-day passes to both parks went essentially unused after the first two days (we went one day to each park). While there is more to do here that will be interesting to your older kids, it means you're going to stand in line for a longer period of time for that very reason. And while there are some rides where it's worthwhile (Dr. Doom is notable, and Harry Potter is decent, but not nearly what they build it up to be), none are really worth the wait. Ultimately, the problem is that the park just isn't the large. You go stand in line for an hour to ride something for two minutes, then do it again. In a few hours, you're pretty well done, and there is almost nothing else to want you to come back again and do it the next day. There is very little attractive about the park itself. Even if you don't care much for Harry Potter, the Butterbeer is interesting - but it's probably not worth coming in just for that alone, and the soaring buttresses are worth seeing, but once you've seen them once, it's not worth standing around just to see them again. The good news is that they did a nice job, but it's not a great job.
Word of warning if you're getting tickets to Halloween Horror Nights and want tickets to the parks beyond that: They offer an "Annual Pass" that is a bit of a shell game. They offer annual passes for a few dollars more. Sounds nice right?  Well be warned. You will go to buy your Halloween Horror Nights tickets at the cheaper passholder rate online, and you won't be able to.  Why?  Your Annual Pass is not active, and has no account number, until you roll up to the park and "acivate" your ticket. So the only way you can get HHN tickets is to drive to Orlando, pick up your ticket at the park, then hope that they haven't sold out of HHN Passholder tickets, or all of the tickets (Halloween itself) after you've driven all that way.   You could pay Florida resident rate for $5.00 pp more. Then you get to track down a Coke bottle with an acceptable code. At Disney they don't screw with you like this. You're a welcome guest, not a sucker being hustled. This is why I don't bring my kids here.  Oh, and if you think this is unique to this situation, wait until you try to buy a Fast Pass or something and you run into their Byzantine system's problems.   They want you to pay more, or they would make this easier. Do not be fooled.
I love Universal - both Islands of Adventure and Studios. This was our Fifth time back to Orlando and can't wait to go back again. We could have got the free shuttle bus from our hotel which was really handy but I decided to jog to many of the parks in the area to be green something most Americans are not. We unfortunately ended up going there on a day when school kids were brought on a day out. There were hundreds of them which of course made the wait for the rides really long. It was still well worth going to but I would suggest you get there just before it opens to beat the wait. Hulk is brilliant, and love Spiderman and Duelling Dragons - though only got to do the Ice one. I liked Storm Force too. The shops are great for souvenirs, though of course are expensive. For anyone who's into comics and graphic novels, it's great as well. The Captain America diner does lovely food, and Hard Rock out on Citywalk is great for dinner. For someone my age (20) it really is much better than the Disney parks.
Love this place. The spidey ride is amazing. (see what I did there?) The hulk coaster is cool, I love that it shoots you out because it is so different than regular coasters. They also have great water rides to cool down in the toon town and Jurassic Park. Dr Seuss land is great for the kiddos and the cart/train ride that takes you thru the land is a must do at night. It gives a great view of the park. The Potter ride is simply amazing and the world itself is so realistic. You must see the wand demonstration and get some butter beer. Love it.
I came here in Feb 2012 to go to Harry Potter World. And let me say, it was really neat. I had imagined it would be bigger than it was, but it was big enough to give the illusion of really being at Hogwarts. The ride was fun, and they have Butter Beer. I hate sugary drinks so it wasn't for me, but it was a big hit. The place is crowded. Get over it. Just wait in line like the rest of the lemmings. That's why we came right? The rest of the park was a bummer. Many of the marquee rides were down for maintenance. While I appreciate that, it was just poor planning on my part. I will have to come back (they got me) to check the rest out. But since I came for HPW, I was happy leaving.  I am only giving 3 starts because I believe Disney is that much better.
we had so much fun at universals islands of adventure, plenty of attractions for young and old, we really enjoyed the state of the art spiderman ride, did not brave the hulk, and got soaking wet on blutos bilge barges, jurrasic park the ride is terrific as long as you dont mind large drops, there will soon be the new harry potter theme addition opening in 2010, plus the dr zeus area for the kids is great for the little ones. when we went in september it was very quite and wait times were minimal.
We rented out one of the parks for work, It was a pretty enjoyable experience.
I was pretty impressed with Island of Adventures in Orlando.  Perhaps it was because i was expecting disappointment, especially after dropping nearly $400 for a family of 4 on tickets.   However, my financial woes were quickly dissolved.  We headed to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  The 60 minute wait flew by.  The castle was done wonderfully, and the ride was great.  Hogsmead was set up wonderfuly.  It was all I could do to pull my 7 year-old daughter out of the Owl Post.  The dueling dragon ride was a great rollercoaster, but no there was no theme (a little disappointing).  The frog chorus was one of the better "street" shows I've seen at an amusement park.  The magic show at the Lost Continent was also very good.  And the Grinch Christmas show was a funny, professional production.  If you are going to IOA, be sure to hit the Spiderman ride.  Very fun and well done.   I visted Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom, and Hollywood Studios on the same trip.  I was most impressed with IOA.
From the moment I first entered the park, I knew I was in for something different compared to the Studios across and the Studios in Hollywood. The detail into creating the park was clearly shown from the entrance to the whole entire park. The rides were pretty good, but the Studios will always have a slight edge over IOA. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter was a very nice addition to the park. It was worth just walking in and definitely worth waking up early in the morning for the early entry for hotel guests. Forbidden Journey was fun and the other rides were also pretty good. The shops are really small, but they sell a lot of great merchandise. Spiderman was a pretty good ride too and I definitely enjoyed Ripsaw Falls. Overall, IOA is a great park to visit if you have more time in Orlando.
Want some advice? Get the park hopper pass, it's cheaper, and you can go to both Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios. Because you know you'll want to! Here are your destinations: The Wizarding World of Harry Potter: BEST WORLD ever. You can look up my separate review for more details, but this is a must for any HP fan. They have wizards and muggles intermingling on rides, in stores, and walking down this realistic street. Marvel Super Hero Island: Looks like Stan Lee sketched this place. There are character shows every hour where Captain American, and Wolverine walk the streets. The rides here are the most intense if you're looking for something more adventurous, or are over the age of 12. Seuss Landing: If you have kids, this is your place. Cat in the Hat, talking fish, it's all here. The play areas are more for younger children. Teens will be bored. The Lost Continent:  Why don't they rip this place out and build more Harry Potter stuff. This land is so outdated and doesn't make sense. A lame Atlantis-like show, and a magic shop? What? Maybe they were smoking too much incense when they built this place. Jurassic Park: This one is bigger and better than the one in LA with a huge walk-through exhibit. My younger cousins love this place. If you love dinosaurs, and want to meet one up close, albeit a dead or fake one, come here. Toon Lagoon: This place cracks me up, and is great for pictures. The Dudley Do Right falls is a blast. Not really much to do here, but lots of great sets for those goofy family shots.
There is a lot to do for what you are paying for; for young and old alike.  What I liked about Islands of Adventure is that I'm positive there were thousands and thousands of people there that day but I never felt as if the park was insanely crowded.  The star of the show for me was the Spiderman Ride, the Fire & Ice Roller coasters, and the Hulk Ride.  They were a blast !  We went on all of these 3 times.  As for those with kids, there is a lot to do if you're under 54".  The whole Dr. Seuss Island was adorable, I think I couldn't stop saying "awwww" the whole time we were there. I go to theme parks maybe once every 5 years, they're not usually my deal, but I was in Florida ,so I decided to check this place out and I'm not sorry that I did.
always fun times
Fun times! Usually crowded (of course), but line wait times can vary. I only wish they wouldn't allow so many people into Harry Potter world at a time. D: They should all clear a path for me when I enter! Those darn muggles...
Although I am a sucker for the original Universal Studios, I have to hand it to the newer half of Universal, Islands of Adventure. This park has something for everyone, and there are plenty of rides that both parents, kids, and teens can enjoy. The good: Rollercoasters: Ogf course the coolest rollercoaster here has to be the hulk rollercoaster. I mean, it shoots you out of a cannon!! Pure adrenaline awesomeness. Of course an honorable mention must go to the Dueling Dragons, which you MUST ride twice (the two tracks are totally different! Kiddie Rides: The kiddie rides are basically secluded to the Dr. Seuss portion of the park, but that doesn't mean they are not cool. I personally loved the Cat in the Hat ride, but there are also plenty of water rides that are suitable for kids. Family Rides: There are tons of rides that both kids and adults will enjoy, and I have to say that the best of these is the Amazing Spiderman ride, which is in some amazingly realistic 3-D. This is probably the best ride in the park and is suitable for everyone. The Bad: n/a This place really has something that everyone can agree on, and I have been here with my parent, my husband, my friends, and my daughter, and have had an equally good time with all parties. And that's saying something! Overall 10/10
Has funner attractions than the other park, but tons more people as well. Some water rides, which are a must in the stifling Floridian heat, a few mediocre coasters, and of course, the Harry Potter Wizarding World. That is an interesting experience, but be prepared to wait to get into the area before you even think about waiting on lines for the rides. The dragon coaster is decent and the ride in the castle is fun and worth the wait.
Even if you're not a big Harry Potter fan, the ride is AWESOME.  Totally worth the wait.  I don't think any ride is worth 3 hours peak of summer but we came here in February and the shortest time we had to wait for the Harry Potter ride was 30 minutes.  The longest was almost an hour.   The rest of the park is pretty cool, too, especially the Marvel area but not that Disney owns Marvel, who knows how much longer Universal gets to keep those rides. If you have to pic one side to visit, definitely come to this one vs Universal.  Totally worth it!
Even though I visited IOA on Harry Potter's opening weekend, I was not disappointed. IOA is still my favorite and now even more so. Universal did a great job of managing all the eager park goers and Harry Potter fans.  The Forbidden Journey ride is almost 100% kink free and even with the kinks, it's exhileratingly scary.  The kind of scary you like but wouldn't want for your 5-year old niece or nephew.  The attention to detail is remarkable and resonantes with the much anticipated Butterbeer.  For $10.50 you can receive a frosty mug of frozen butterbeer and an instant smile.  It's delicious and very refreshing, albeit a bit pricey.  The pumpkin juice was also tasty and resembles a glass of apple cider. The lines for all of the stores were incredibly long so I can't comment on the contents once inside.  I will say that Harry's Wizarding World is a fantastic new addition to IOA and will delight the many muggles who will be visiting.
loved our visit here although it was more work than play with 7 kids and 8 adults.   the last time i'd been here was with 3 others back in 2000 (pre kids and pre hubby) and it seemed like much hadn't changed although i'm sure there have been tons of changes!  favorite was the harry potter world -- worth the wait and worth the heat!  it was in the 100's the day we went!  the lines were crazy, normal for an amusement park during the summer, but bearable on this particular day.   i'd go at least 2 days next time so you can really enjoy...seems like we rushed through most of it.
This review is solely on having an annual pass (for both parks) & the pro's vs con's. I am also writing this after having the pass for a year so I can comment on how to renew or not renew, etc. There are 3 different levels of an annual pass you can purchase. The Power Pass is the least expensive and offers the least amount of benefits, the Preferred Pass is a step higher, and the Premier Pass is the top level annual pass with all the bells and whistles. My bf and I purchased a Power Pass and a Preferred Pass. Since we knew we would always be visiting the park together, it didn't make sense for us to both purchase the Preferred Pass, thus saving around $60. Since we always went to the parks together, only one of us needed free parking and discounts for food, merchandise and hotels. It made much more sense for one of us to get the cheapest pass and the other to get the middle pass.We both knew we wouldn't utilize the Premier Pass, so it was never really an option. We opted to do the flex pay; 50% down and then a monthly payment for 11 months. We were very happy with this choice! Our monthly bill was under $19 and automatically deducted from our bank account. Having the free self-parking was one of the best deals out of the pass! As a Florida resident, parking is usually free after 6pm, but this gave us a chance to check out the parks during the day. Otherwise day time parking hovers around $15- youch! In regards to the black-out dates regarding the Power Pass- it wasn't a big deal. The dates were mostly holidays and when attendance would be at a maximum-aka Christmas. We felt we didn't miss out on anything. After visiting Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure about 3 times, our annual passes were paid for considering what a day pass cost! Other perks that came with our annual passes- During Mardi Gras and the Summer Concert Series, we had the opportunity to check out several bands that performed live in Universal Studios. We were fortunate enough to see ZZ Top, Montgomery Gentry, Phillip Phillips and Pat Benatar. There were many other shows we would have loved to have seen, but had conflicting schedules. Having these shows included in our annual pass was a bonus! Seeing these shows on their own easily could have totaled or exceeded the price of our passes. Aside from visiting the theme parks, we took advantage of dining at Citywalk. Most restaurants provided 10% off our total bill. We frequented Bob Marleys and Margaritaville several times. There are also discounts for the AMC movie theatre! Resorts- we did a long weekend at the Royal Pacific Resort to celebrate the bf's birthday. After browsing all the travel websites, it was cheaper for us to book through Universal's website directly. Plus, by booking directly, we received a few more perks.  Free buffet breakfasts ($20 value each), free round of drinks at the bar, an excellent view and an upgraded room in the preferred tower! We also received 2 Halloween Horror Night Tickets b/c there was a slight problem with one of our meals. The only con was paying $17 to park daily. I was really hoping this would have been free or discounted with our passes, but no dice. It is very easy to cancel your pass if you don't want to renew-a simple phone call and that's it! Otherwise, your pass will automatically renew. Overall, we were 100% happy with our passes. We definitely got our money out of them!
In terms of "theming" there is NO other park like IOA. Every step through the different worlds brought more and more sensory overload. As for the park, rides, attractions, themes, landscape, and all other inedible experiences, IOA gets a hefty, well-deserved 5 stars. In fact, we bought season passes just to be able to continue going and having a great time. HOWEVER...the food is less than average and SO disappointing. When we go back, we are bringing our own so as not to waste money.
I LOVE IT HERE.. Best value for the dollar. A theme roller coaster lovers wet dream. A lot better than their park in Hollywood, CA. Hulk and Harry Potter are truly amazing.
The best theme park in Central Florida!!! Amazing rides!
came here on a business conference,  the entire park was reserved for us.in the evening as a private event The food was free to us but tasted like blechh.... worse actually. Going on the flagship ride to watch harry getting pottered was the star attraction of the evening. Other: mixed drinks cost $6 each. since it was a private event, there were no young kids, we had free games in the arcade but it was still an overall average experience, but i guess for young kids it can be fun. I only wish i was young and wild and free again.. sigh....
Universal Studios decided to try and influence the presidential election with a raunchy show that defames Romney and glorifies Obama. While I don't mind political satire on Leno and Letterman I don't think it belongs at an amusement park and it definitely should not show bias towards one person or another. Buyer beware at Universal.
My visit to UIA was okay. However I am more of a Disney person. The universal experience for me seems much closer to Six Flags rather than a park like the Magic Kingdom. It was expensive and the clientele is a bit different than at Disney World. The theme in my opinion is less detailed than Disney's.  I failed to actually see any islands, however I did see a number of mid-ranged carnival rides centered around a small lake. The lines were long and there were few indoor places to find shielding from the sun. The experience just seemed cheap to me. UIA is okay but not really my cup of tea. It makes a great alternative for those who want something different than Disney. Though I would not necessarily call the experience better.
Tons of fun. Do Harry Potter first, and bright and early in the morning and finish by10 30 am and come back later because at that time onwards , it is too crowded to really enjoy. Perks? Once Harry Potter is crowded and it is peak hours 11 AM - 5PM, the rest of the park is not very crowded because everyone is at Harry Potter. So all the lines are pretty short, unless it is a hot day, then the lines for the water rides are a bit longer..still tolerable. Lots of great coasters, including the Hulk, Spiderman Ride, cool water rides, etc. Good photo opportunities, lots of places to eat sprinkled about the park. The food in the park is just blech, typical chicken fingers, chicken sandwich, chicken salad with wilted iceberg lettuce..blech. But the good thing is you can A) eat at three broomsticks in Harry Potter for a different taste or B) exit Islands of Adventure, walk on over to citywalk and enjoy some real food from the many restaurants there, and then walk back into the park! I only wish this park had the mummy ride, simpsons ride, and MIB ride and rip rocket, it would surely be an amazing park...but I guess Universal Studios needs something to keep it interesting!
I just have to say I haven't been to Universal in years and it certainly isn't "Disney" in the customer friendly kind of way. You could see it in the employees dress, manners, how they greet you at the rides, how they answer your questions. To start my day I found out as a "Florida resident" in order to get your discount ticket you have to purchase it online or over the phone not at the park directly. Wouldn't you think you would be able to buy it direct at the park especially since they need to verify that you are a Florida resident? Ok not problem purchased it online, then when you arrive at the park you still have to go and wait in the same ticket line as everyone else just to pick up your pre-purchased tickets so they could "verify you are a Florida resident." Again that makes no sense why  did I have to be made to go through all of that ahead of time? and the person at the ticket window looked like she was tired of everyone asking the same question. Next we ran over quickly to see The Wizarding World of Harry Potter before the crowds arrived. Since it was early we were able to get in the rides before the long lines began then we wanted to do some shopping as well.  The stores are created much much smaller compared to all the other shops in the park the crowds inside were so overwhelming that we could barley get inside. When we did want to purchase a few things we were standing there waiting for someone to ring us up and the counter person was just standing there we weren't sure if he was helping someone or what so we had to ask if he would mind taking our money. He didn't look happy to have been bothered. oops So if I go back it might be a very very long time and after all these years of Universal being open you would think management would give the park employees a little bit of customer service training. Tidbit:  If you really do want to go and especially to see the new park I would suggest going on an off day and month such as end of January /Feb. when there are no crowds at all.
HARRY POTTER LAND IS THE BEST! The butter beer is the one. Thats all I need to say!  Make sure to visit this section and also ride the harry potter rides. Very very fun and also modern. I am not a big fan of lines but thankfully it wasnt packed during the time I went so I was able to get on all te rides I wanted to go on.
This is another review where I think everyone has noted everything and anything to say about this park. So with that being said, here is my quick two cents... You can defiantly do the two parks in one day - so take the dive and do it! Also, make sure you get the fast pass - you can use this on all the rides, except for two. It does have a price tag to it, but it's defiantly worth it. My favorite section was of course Harry Potter World. I just love how they bring to life the books - I really felt like I was walking along the streets with Harry. This of course is the most packed part of the park, so make sure you get in early. I also loved the comic strip section - It was just fun to see. The rides were a bit kidish - but that's okay - isn't everyone a kid at heart! Also when walking the entire park, make sure you don't rush. There is so much to see - you want to make sure you take it all in (and picture too). And of course go on every ride. We did! Even the water rides, which trust me you will get soaked! A couple of rides that we loved were - The Hulk, Harry Potter's Castle, Draogon Challenge, Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit (you get to pick your own song to listen to when riding the roller coaster), and my favorite the Simpsons. I am not a big fan of the cartoon - but I loved loved loved the ride!
Harry Potter is Fab. If you can get into park early do so as it gets busy!
Butter beer=worth the whole trip.   Awesome job done on all the themes at te park. And an even awesome-r job on Harry Potter land. Feels like you're in the actual village!
This was so much fun when we went with my sister and her family a few years ago..we had a blast..you will feel like a kid again. All the rides are great and you won't want to miss this theme park when your in Orlando! The humidity was funny we got use to though it rained off and on and we just went with the flow and bought umbrellas..i was having a serious bad hair day but we couldn't stop laughing from all the fun we were having...
a miserable time.  they sell as many tickets as possible, and too bad if people stand around 90% of the time waiting for things.  did not see a single happy person in the park.  the worst ever!
DON'T GET THE MEAL DEAL!!!!  The food was disgusting!  I've never had such bad food in my life.  Everything was super dry and hard as a rock.  I felt so tricked!  It's one thing to sell cheap food, it's another to sell inedible food and make it seem like the customers are getting a good deal. Overall, the park was ok.  Even Harry Potter world was underwhelming. I went to Disney World first, so this place couldn't really compare.  I have to say Universal is more geared toward adults than kids.  I felt I was being tricked and nickled and dimed at universal.  Definitely not a good experience. Remember, DON'T GET THE MEAL DEAL!!!
As I reviewed Harry Potter and said, it is the best part about all Universal parks, and Jurassic Park is second best. The comic section is pretty awesome, but during the summer you can hardly walk through there and Harry Potter. The Dr Seuss area is great for kids and cute for adults once in awhile. The food throughout the park is pretty good, a bit expensive for what it is, I recommend just waiting to eat at City Walk. The Hard Rock Cafe is very inexpensive for the delicious amount of food they give you is great!
yea its a great place to go with your crazy friends but the only thing that i dont like about this place is that u have to pay to put your belongings in lockers i hate that. compared to disney which they got ways to keep hold of ur stuff but either way i say its a great place to go there and with so many cool awsomee rides
The most enjoyable park in Orlando. Great attraction and seasonal events. Love it!
I feel like there isn't a lot of rides in this park compared to Universal. However, I found the towns to be a lot more fun to walk through. Harry Potter World is always packed, and they're expanding it and it'll be open spring 2014! The Harry Potter ride in the castle is a MUST. My favorite ride ever and the line continuously moves. The Spiderman ride is also awesome.
Universal's rides are really cool but the long lines completely ruined it. First, you pay for parking which took forever and was a really long walk. I bought my tickets on a travel website yet still had to stand in the ridiculously long lines outside to exchange the printed vouchers for tickets. (For over an hour!) By this time my family and I were soaking wet with sweat and cranky. We get in the park and go to buy water and get stuck in a 20 minute line. We proceed to Dispicable Me where we are told the wait was 120 minutes (YES 120!!!!) At this time I forked over an additional $300 for 4 express passes to skip the lines. Which was helpful except the girl who sold them to us lied and said they were good for ALL the attractions in both parks. Not true. We still had to stand in line for 2 hours at the Harry Potter ride because they don't take express passes as well as others. We waited 45 minutes just to ORDER order lunch at some burger place near the character zone. Then we had to eat in 2 minutes so my son didn't miss Spongebob (who came out for a whopping 10 minutes). After Spongebob dances around you can line up for a picture so we did only to be told as we approached the front of the line that time was up and the rest of the people had to walk to the Spongebob store and line up again. This whole day was so frustrating and extremely expensive. Not what I expected after spending so much money! Never again. I have lots of friends planning trips to Disney I will make sure to tell them to avoid Universal for sure. :(
If you are visiting Florida and you have kids from 10 upwards then this is a must visit theme park. This theme park is busy though so if you want to have an enjoyable time you must buy the fast pass. This enables you to go to the front of the queue all the time. If you don't buy it you would just spend all day in a queue and this is defiantly not fun. The park is divided into desperate areas so you have superhero land, a cartoon land Jurassic park etc. if you like roller coasters then the Hulk is a good one and they also have a Harry Potter one too. Harry Potter land is here and it's so well made and looks exactly like I have seen in some of the bits of the films I have seen. The whole park is like all of Orlando....clean and tidy.
I dont like children. I hate people. I get heat rashes when I stay out in the sun for too long. I have had a corn on the bottom of my foot for the last 3 months that is as hard as concrete. I get crabby when Im hungry. Dry mouth when I havent had anything to drink. I dont like walking. Im allergic to extra curricular activities that dont require me pointing and aiming at my tv.  Im cheap. Hate spending money on items that aren't shoes or purses. Paying $150 to wait in lines for over an hour just to ride something that last only 3 minutes makes me angry...Harry Potter sucks btw. Im a Florida resident. Im required to come here at least once a year. Dont judge me.
For our Orlando vacation, we bought 3 days at Universal.  The first day was at Islands of Adventure (there are actually 2 parks at Universal).  we found Islands of Adventure to be a colossal disaster.  First of all, if you want to Fast Pass (this is a ticket you get to avoid lines), you pay extra for it, $60 per person, per day, and you can only use the fast pass once a day for each ride.  Secondly, there is very little shade, and it's hard to find a place to rest between rides.  After having just done Magic Kingdom the day before, it was very hard not to compare this park to Disney, where they know exactly how to provide a quality experience.  At this park, there are a lot fewer rides, and many of them have height and weight restrictions that limited our access.  (My husband is a big man, and my son is only 48" tall.)  At every section of the park, there are attractions you have to pay extra for, like carnival games, and they are about $5 a shot.  The entire reason we bought universal tickets was to go to the Harry Potter section, which we couldn't get into for 4 hours, because they had reached capacity.  It was very hard to navigate this section of the park, because it seemed everyone was in line, but you couldn't tell for what.  Turns out it was a 40 minute wait to get a butter beer, a 30 minute wait to get into the one gift shop, a 20 minute wait to get into the one bathroom, and well over an hour to get into one of the only 2 rides in this section of the park.  The whole experience was so frustrating, we left the park right after, having ridden nothing, having bought nothing.  What a complete waste of money.  The service was dismal, overall.  We did go to Univervsal proper later in the week, and found it ok, all the rides are themed for movies - we especially liked the Simpsons ride, the Twister attraction, and the Disaster productions.  But we ate the ticket for the 3rd day, not interested in going back to either park.  If i had to do it over again, i would not have included Universal in our vacation plans -
We spent 2 days here this week and had a good time.  There are parts that are awesome!!  Harry Potter area is wonderful.  All the water rides get you wet...the barges SOAK you! Hulk is a great roller coaster.  Spider-Man is good entertainment. Some of the areas feel out of date.  Jurassic park is old...feels like a few areas need updating.  And not just more at HP. Good variety of food options here in selection and price.  Stores had variety of things to buy. Staff varied in happy levels, so some experiences were great, others felt like they hated being there. We had fun and drank a ton of butter beer, but won't be back for awhile until some more updates happen. Gave it 4 stars b/c we did have a good vacation.
Harry Potter ride is cool. 4 people per cart. Hanging in the air, some side to side and front to back.  They put you on your back in few spots. The epic fail was the locker system. You have to put most everything in one. Uses your fingerprint, but when it fails and this wasn't the first time.  We had to wait almost 30 minutes for a person with a key to come over. By then the number of people wanting their stuff out was even larger. Why can't a person in the shop attached have the key. When the system fails this bad they need about 3 people with keys. It was the classical roach motel, you can put your stuff in, but you can't get it out!  By the time this mess was done we were late for lunch and had to wait another 30 min where we had it timed perfectly before the lock failure!
We had annual passes and let them expire a few years ago. At that time we bought Disney seasonal passes; we let those expire also and thought about repurchasing Universal passes again. My husband was given one-day passes by his customer, so we went back after all these years and had the affirmation we were looking for. We WILL NOT be going back to these parks and certainly not purchasing annual passes there. Both Universal parks are not orchestrated to fit the quantity of people in the park. We went on a slow day and it was horrific! The Harry Potter ride has been opened for a while now, but they still can't get a good system going for the ride (people flow). Walking through the entire Harry Potter area felt claustrophobic and the stores were really tiny. The fact that you have to purchase an Express pass really irritates me, because people already spend close to $100 for just the ticket! Disney offers the fast pass that you do not have to pay for, and the Disney parks just seem to flow better.
Small offshoot of the Universal Studios park. This is a totally separate park so you have to buy different tickets to get in. I believe it's pretty doable in a day which is exactly what we did. Love that there are different sections to enjoy. Here are my favorites: -Wizarding World of Harry Potter: (See my 5 star review of this park) -Hulk Ride: (scariest roller coaster that i've been on in a long time--the first few seconds are the scariest part when the shoot you up at warp speed) -Spiderman ride: (great effects!) -the cat in the hat: (cute but i didn't really grow up with Dr Seuss so I'm sure this is more fun for other people) -Jurassic park ride: (so much fun! that drop is truly terrifying--you do get soaked so wear a poncho.) Loved the locker and fast pass system at this park--makes things so convenient. Avoid Poseiden's Fury: It's a huge waste of time. It's like a wannabe Indiana Jones show, funny at times, but they kept walking us through different rooms and it just got tired at the end.
Clearly this place has more thrilling rides than Disney... What it lacks is the hospitality and the cleanliness of Disney... Still a great time with the hubby. Can't complain.
lots of stuff to do, some great themes, and now there is harry potter which i cant wait to go experience.  also a great log flume ride that gets you drenched - went here for my bday and it was such an awesome day!
This is possibly my favorite place on the planet.  I loved the park as a kid when it was brand new, and with the addition of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter - Hogsmeade, it earned the top spot for places to hang.  I particularly enjoy watching people's reactions to how awesome the park is.  Forbidden Journey is a great ride, but the rumors about large people -- whether from muscles or curves -- sometimes being unable to ride are true.  There are test seats outside the ride and in the line if needed.  I recommend going through the line at least once with your group and then as single riders if you'd like to go again to cut the wait.  Also, if you don't like roller coasters, still walk the line for Dragon Challenge--it's themed for the Triwizard Tournament!   Tip:  The bathrooms in Seuss Landing have lower toilets for kids.  There's a restroom between there and the main gate that has less traffic and regular toilets.
Seuss-land Rocks! So cute! Great things for all ages, me, hubby and our 6 year old daughter all had a blast! What a great time of year to go to Orlando, no lines anywhere we rode most rides twice! Yippee! Adult drinks and better food, like yummy garden burgers OH and guess what else no Disney instant coffee crap! Starbucks is in the city walk on your way in woooo hoooooo!!
a fantastic place for thewhole family there thrill rides and little rides. it is clean and the staff are really nice. its also the ultimate place to get wet!! it is highly recomended so you should go there if you ever go to orlando its just fantastic!!
A great theme park. Its not as big as some of the Disney parks in the area but I still managed to spend the whole day here. Having only been to various Disneylands around the world I was so impressed that someone else, Universal, has also mastered the "theme" part of "theme park". Particularly impressive was Harry Potter land. The queues were not too long, and the rides were all excellent. There are lots of places to buy  great merchandise and food. I walked away with some nice clothes from the Marvel area. Some of the bigger roller coasters were closed for the early part of the day because it was too cold to safely run them, they opened as the day warmed up but nice to see peoples safety taken into account, regardless of how desperately people wanted to get on the rides. Hopefully I shall return some day.
So it's been over 10 years since I've been to this park and things have changed! There are express lines, single rider lines, child swap areas, lockers that uses your fingerprint as a key, and wait time clocks all over the place. I feel old. Favorite ride: Spiderman (I know, it should be Harry Potter, but I have to speak the truth.) I was all smiles and thoroughly amused during the entire ride. Most Efficient Ride: Harry Potter & the Forbidden Journey Ride. The line is constantly moving because once you get near the start of the ride, you are on a conveyor belt! It was non-stop loading. I'm sure the 80 minute wait time could have easily doubled. Shortest wait: Doctor Doom's Freefall. It was a 10 minute wait. Quick tip -- Don't get the meal deal unless you are really going to use it. It's not a deal unless you are really going to spend your meals at the restricted locations. I wasn't able to eat at Harry Potter World or have time to get the butter beer because the other half of my group got the meal deal. So when lunch approached, we had to leave HP, and I never made it back.
this is such an amazing theme park for the whole family. it has the wettest scariest funnest and amazing ride and shows ever. the place is split up to 5 different lands;marvel,cartoon,dino,medeival and Dr. suess land!! the staff there are really nice and the place is very clean and it is a must go in florida
Florida resident all my life, annual passholder several years in a row and I will say this: This is hands-down The Best Theme Park in Florida, and it has been since the say they opened the doors. I'm glad Harry Potter is bringing more people in to experience it, but this place rocked way before they even made that deal. The best rides, decent prices, great food, convenient parking, easy access to nightlife- it's just brilliant.
I'm a huge fan of Universal. I've had a season pass for years, but act like a tourist every time I go taking pictures with all the photo opps. I feel like I notice something new in the landscape or shops every time. However, the magic show in The Lost Continent is worth skipping. That portion of the park is pretty much pointless altogether. I wish they would've closed that down instead of Jaws in Universal to expand the Wizarding World of Harry Potter (which is AWESOME!) Huge fan. If you plan on going more than one day a year, you should invest in the annual pass. It's worth it and pays for itself, especially if you get the mid- or upper- level one because it covers free parking which is $15 otherwise. You also get discounts at Wet n Wild which is tons of fun, too.
Went with the family on Tuesday 8/3/2010.  Too crowded!  The Harry Potter area was full.  Lines to get into the shops.  Waited 1.5 hours to get on the Blue Coaster.  The Red Coaster broke down and they forced us to wait in the dark while the people in the red line, line jumped into the blue line.  Waited in line to buy soda and popcorn for 20 minutes outside the Harry Potter area.  You should NEVER have to wait in line to BUY food and drink that probably is a $$$ generator for the park.  ALL non Harry attractions had line waits of at least 60 minutes, except maybe the cat in the hat area.  Some attractions had waits of 2 hours!  We arrived at the park at 10am and left by 3pm; having gone on only the Cat In the Hat  ride and the Blue Harry Potter Coaster.  We managed to buy popcorn but gave up on buying drinks.  By that point we decided this theme park was to not get any more of our money and left.
If you go during a slow week, there is a possibility that there won't be a wait for the Harry Potter ride.  When we went on September 3rd, the sign for Harry Potter said 15 minutes but it was because we had to walk around and around.  No line whatsoever!   The Dr. Seuss rides are cute!  Also, the Popeye ride is awesome.  Bring a change of clothes-- there are lockers-- you will get soaked. The  Jurassic Park is surprisingly scary at the end.   Much better than the Disney parks, by far! The employees here are nicer than the Disney people too!
At least one of the parks I visited last week lived up to my memory of it! (Sadly, though, it seems the older I get the less amenable to thrill rides I am?! Hello, motion sickness.) Islands of Adventure still feels new and larger than life. From the towering superheroes and blasting music in Marvel Comic world to the swirly, colorful characteristics of Seuss-land... and of course, the new Wizarding World of Harry Potter, which truly transports you to Hogsmeade -- complete with Olivander's Wand Shop and butter beer in the taverns. The signage at the entrance to each attraction clearly marks the wait time. We came in off-season, when nothing had more than a 10-minute wait, and crazy as it sounds... I found myself upset that I wasn't able to linger longer in some of the queues before the ride! We blazed through the Daily Globe, where I wanted to peer into the office spaces and hunt for 'Easter eggs,' and didn't spend nearly enough time in Hogwarts Castle to hear what the talking pictures were saying, and so on. They've really mastered the art of enveloping a theme the moment you set foot in a line. Rides like Spiderman and Harry Potter utilize a moving ride in conjunction with 3D animation for simulation. Hulk and Dueling Dragons are thrill-seeker coasters. Jurassic Park has been updated since my last visit, now with more dinosaurs... it felt like an oldie; but still a goodie. On the other hand, Poseidon's Fury felt like an oldie and a waste of space. We didn't catch any of the shows while here, but were able to fill the day easily amongst all the rides. If you're kid-at-heart adults or a family with adolescents/teens, it's the best bang for your buck in terms of Orlando amusement parks, in my opinion. Parking gets you access to City Walk, and all its restaurants/nightlife as well.
a really good theme park that has 5 themes; comic island; cartoon island; jurasic park island; dr seuss island; dragon island. it is very clean there and the staff are really freindly and i would recomend it to anyone. it has everythig for younger people and older poeple.
Why California don't have you?!  I love this place. There's something for everyone here. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter: Need I say more?  As a huge Potterhead, this place needs to be bigger, thankfully they're working on Diagon Alley so that should be awesome.  I would love to come back here again. Marvel Super Hero Island: Now this place is badass. The decor looked amazing, it made you feel like you were literally in a comic book and fighting off bad guys; the fighting music was a great touch.   Seuss Landing: It's so cute!  I love the colorfulness and the wackiness that they incorporate in this section.  Yeah it was targeted for kids and toddlers but it was just whimsical. The Lost Continent:  Extensive decorating.  They truly do not half-ass it here with the decor.  This area was the best to take pictures and explore around.  There wasn't that many rides here so it's more for picture opt. Jurassic Park: It was kind of lame but only because the ride broke down so there really was no point for me being here.  They should add dinosaurs in the trees and bushes to make it cooler. Toon Lagoon: This is where all the old-school cartoons reside like Popeye!  Great nostalgia for someone as old as me. This was an awesome break from Disney World.  I wouldn't even bother going to the other Universal Studio because this was freaking awesome.
The Hulk ride rocked, Spiderman's 3D ride was one of the best I've ever been on, the Toy Story ride was fun and very interactive. Atmospherically, I enjoyed this place as much as Epcot center. The restaurants were all positioned around the island, and our meal was adorned with a nice view, great company, excellent service, and a hell of a bill. Make sure your wallet is geared up, you're gonna be in for a wild ride. Location: 5 stars Atmosphere: 5 stars Service: 4 stars Pricing: 2 stars Return-factor: 5 stars Last impression: 4.5 stars
This was my first visit and it was not what I expected. As soon as I walked in I knew this was a theme park that I would love. Me and my son loved Islands of Adventure on our recent visit, I just wished we had more time there instead of at the Disney parks. Went to Universal and IOA on our last day in Orlando and purchased the two parks in one day pass. I think the reason why my son loved this park so much is because of the Marvel section. Time was ticking so I didn't get to ride a lot of rides due to wait times but I'll most definitely be back oh but we rode Jurassic Park River Adventure a couple of times. Just make sure to bring a poncho if you don't want to be soaked walking through the park. What I rode on----Pteranodon Flyers, Caro-Seuss-el, The Cat In The Hat, The High in the Sky Seuss Trolley Train Ride, One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish (shoots water so be prepared to get wet), and my son did rock climbing ($5 cash).
HARRY POTTER HARRY POTTER HARRY POTTER!!!! this area on its own make the visit here totally worth it. The main attraction is so awesome, and so is the dragon challenge roller coaster. The whole park has great rides for thrill seekers, this is the complete 180 from WDW. I thoroughly enjoyed my visit here. MUSTS wizarding world of harry potter (everything in the land) hulk spider man log ride Jurassic park
Visited recently with my wife (yes - adults only - 1st time w/o kids) and we had a fine time. Going in January has its plus & minus. Plus - lines what lines? No wait for any Harry Potter rides or any other rides for that matter. Minus - when we hit the entrance it was approx. 45 degrees. By 12ish it reached 55 / 60 but you had to stay in the sun to feel comfortable. As for the individual islands - here goes... 1-Wizarding World of Harry Potter - This is why we ventured in and HP did not disappoint. Talk about authentic - Walking through Hogsmeade shopping area you feel like you're in the movie. The Forbidden Journey - the highlight ride - is exciting fun. With that being said we felt this "Island" should be larger with add'l exhibits / rides. It appears construction is going on for that same reason - lets hope so. Presently the most popular area in the park. 2-Marvel Super Heroes - A staple and my personal favorite. Comic characters perfectly come alive with gloriously large displays of heroes and villains alike who also walk the park (wanted to take a picture with Dr. Doom but he escaped). The 3D Spiderman ride still works. Note: With Disney now controlling Marvel is this "Island's" days numbered? Hopefully not as it would have a tremendously negative impact on the park. 3-The Lost Continent - The "sleeper" island. Plenty here for everyone. Want to break away from rides for a bit? Here you have "The 8th Voyage of Sinbad". An action packed stunt show. Also "Poseidon's Fury" - a visual effects journey for kids of all ages. In addition you have one of the better lunch options - Mythos - in this area. Here is a non-chaos restaurant where you can eat and further plan you day. 4-Jurassic Park - While still enjoyed - this Island is starting to show its age. Probably s/b combined  with "The Lost Continent". Camp Jurassic is popular with the kids. One sky ride for kids only - shame - it looks like fun... 5-Toon Lagoon - Remember the Sunday funnies - its all here. Still don't understand why as this space could've been used for a better purpose. 6-Dr. Seuss - No Comment...Nuff Said
Islands of Adventure was one of the better theme parks I've visited! It is definitely livelier than Universal Studios. My favorite ride was the Hulk rollercoaster! Thank goodness for fast pass--I went on the rollercoaster 3 consecutive times, and oh boy, I got a fat headache afterwards... but it was so worth it! As a big Harry Potter fan, the Wizarding World of Harry Potter was my favorite section of the park. I was also a big fan of the Marvel section too! I love rollercoasters, and I was a bit disappointed that there were only 3 coasters in the park. The water rides exceeded my expectations! Beware: they get you SOAKED. Trust me, I've been on several water rides at other theme parks before... and the water rides at Islands of Adventure do not just merely splash you with water like other parks... these rides get you DRENCHED, especially if you are the person who chooses the unlucky (or lucky?) seat on the water raft ride. Fun times!
We love Universal IOA.  However, it's very expensive for the day.  Preferred parking - $22, adult admission $100 each.  Unlimited express pass $90 each.  Add in food, drinks, snacks and a couple modest souveniers and you've spent $500 for 2 adults to ride a few good rides. The Unlimited Express Pass was worth it, we rode The Hulk 5 times in a row in about 1 hour 20 minutes.  The Harry Potter ride is not included in the Express Pass which is just dumb.  The ride wasn't even THAT great.  I wish IOA had more big rides.  There is The Hulk, The Dragon Challenge, Dr Doom Fearfall, Spiderman and Harry Potter.  It was only 62 degrees when we went and I wasn't up for getting wet on the water rides.   Lunch was at a place near Spiderman and it seriously took 25 minutes to order and get the food and there was NO line!  The only other thing about IOA that is disappointing, is that it closed at 8pm.  That is super, super early. Espeically when Magic Kingdom is open until midnight and it costs a lot less to go there.  Also, for the rides that require we put our bags in a locker, the cost for going over the time is a complete rip off.  $6 for going over by 11 minutes?!  Come on. IOA - you were super fun and we spent the money because we haven't done something fun together without our toddler for a long time.  But I think you can stay in business and not gouge people and nickel and dime for every last thing.
Great place to visit for adults.  Most of the rides are likely for 13+ years old. Great place to visit if your in Orlando.  Recommend riding all of the roller coasters. If you ever have an option to go at night - GO!
what a waste of money. 130 dollars for entrance into 2 parks that only have maybe 20 rides all together. there are more restaurants and shops than rides. in fact there are 10 times more places to eat than attractions. i live in michigan and one of the best amusement parks with some of the best roller coasters is right near by for 45 dollars. double the rides, better rides and 1/3 the cost. also, the themed areas could have been so much more interesting. half the places in each (like harry potter and simpsons), was just for looks. you couldn't enter them, just look at them. i was really disappointed with this. also the two separate park and two separate prices is ridiculous and a rip off. also, really annoying that you have to leave one park, walk to another and finger print in. just a really bad setup. love, juston
I would give IoA 5 stars based on the Harry Potter world and the Hulk roller coaster alone. Add in the superbly creepy Jurassic Park ride, the Dragons roller coaster, and the always fun Cat in the Hat ride, and this park is a clear winner. I always get happy when I walk under the arch to enter the park, and they're playing this tinkly little dreamy music. Then it's into the park and on to adventure!
I'm probably one of maybe 100 people on the planet that didn't read the Harry Potter books. I barely know what the basic plots points and main characters are. Having said that, the Wizarding World area is very well done. The ride, which almost everyone and their mom did right after the gates opened, was not what I expected. It's as close to a dark roller coaster as you can get. I appreciate that they had a seat outside, to see if you could fit. Butterbeer is tasty. Frozen butterbeer- think slushie- was even better! It tastes like a creamier, richer version of cream soda. It's a must--try. As for the rest of the park: Toon Lagoon is more for the older folks, as in those who actually read comics in a newspaper. Jurassic Park is pretty cool; the vehicles on display were in the movie, and the soundtrack plays through the area. Dr. Seuss is a bit trippy. Marvel is cool, too. I don't do roller coasters- I referred to Hulk as a "nopefish" (google it)- but I had so much fun walking around. I'll say the same thing here as I did with Universal Studios; I'd totally come back. And next time, I need to bring my DSLR.
I hate to make comparisons between things, but in this case; we went to Disney World the first two days (Magic Kingdom and Epcot) and while it was nice to see Disney Characters and such, the park itself was quite dated. Universal Islands of Adventure by comparison is much cleaner, updated, organized, and geared for almost all ages. If you have itty bitty ones, they can enjoy the Doctor Seuss area (I enjoyed it and I''m a fully grown adult male) with rides geared towards smaller kids and an abundance of colorful pastel swirls, buildings, patterns, and themed foods to almost put you in an epileptic seizure. However, our favorite part section of Islands of Adventure was Harry Potter Land! Diagon Alley is as you imaged it whilst reading Harry Potter in a British accent in your head. It's lined with 18th century faux-English pointed-roof buildings with big glass windows full of Wands, Mint Frogs, Robes, Brooms, and other wizardry gadgets and doodads. The park workers in this section don 18th Century English working class clothes as they pour you either slushy butterbeer or regular butterbeer from their wagons. This section is home to three rides: one which brings you through Hogwarts (see the tip below for cutting time out of your ride line), a griffin riding ride aimed at kids, and a very large dual dueling steel roller coaster dragon ride. All of them are amazing. There are shops to buy your tools of spell casting and magic doing, or Honeydukes for mint frogs, and other random gift shops which sell almost every Harry Potter accessory possibly dreamed by a Rowling fan. We went to eat at Tree Broomsticks which was brilliant (see my other review)! Other parts of Islands of Adventure are fun and enjoyable as well - though if the only thing we ended up seeing was Harry Potter Land, then i still would have been content. The park got four instead of five stars simply because of the cost - it can be quite expensive at times. Additionally, if you want to do the expresslane for rides (skipping a huge portion of the wait time) you have to spend some extra dollars (if you stay at one of the Universal Studio hotels, I believe their Room Key Cards can double as a express line pass - I may be wrong and you should check the hotel). All said, the park is awesome - we even came back a second day to buy stuff! Oh, if it happens to rain, which it does quite a bit during the summer months, there are quite a bit of rides that are indoors, so don't leave the park! Edit: I completely left out the Hulk ride - it is absolutely amazing. Get there early so you don't have a long line, but if you're a rollercoaster enthusiast, then it's definitely worth the wait. ------------------------------------------- Super time saving tip: when you go on the Hogwarts ride and the line is extended outside, go to the gift shop (right, past the two griffins), take a left through the free locker room towards the opening, then ta-da you'll actually  be at the start of the line, skipping about 15-20 minutes of standing outside.
This is my favorite amusement park. You can never get enough of the rides or butter beer! Prices for food & drinks are extremely inflated, but who wouldn't expect that? My favorite rides are THE HULK & Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls. &&& DO make sure you purchase the fast pass for just $50 more or you'll be standing in 45 minutes-1 1/2 hour lines, each!
My favorite place in the whole wide world must come to Florida and visit this place
Seemed better when I was younger and much, much cheaper. We are off to a bad start when they charge $92 per person then can't comp you for parking which $15 or maybe even charge a little less? I haven't even got in the park and I'm out $15 for self parking, I can't imagine how much valet would be?! A typical family of 4 of four is going fork over $368 and you can't give them parking? Sorry starting off with the cons this time because their are many. 1. Parking(see above) 2. Price $92 to stand in line in the heat for 30-45 mins for a 5 min ride. Maybe longer on busy days 3. You can pay more for the express pass line, which if they did not have an express line, the slow line you paid $92 to get in would move faster, but some genius said how can we make more money off these chumps? Divide the line into 2 and then charge more. Maybe there will be an super express pass in the near future? just charge double? Genius! someone's getting a raise. Also, the express pass does not work on every ride and I don't think you can use more than once per ride, per day. If that does not sound like a scam, I don't know what does. 4. the human dryers - They have a ride that gets you soak and wet then Universal Studios was nice enough to put a walk in human dryer next to the ride. Oh, but wait it's not free, it's $5. So I pay you $92, you get me wet, then I pay you $5 more to get me dry. That makes sense. 5. Dueling Dragons is no longer Dueling Dragons. The roller coasters used to race and come at each other which was cool. No longer cool. Now it's just a roller coaster, still fun, but cool points lost. 6. We got the 3 day pass and they scanned our fingers just to make sure there was no chance we might give our passes to someone else to use possibly for the other 2 days. No passing on to friends or resale of tickets here, they make sure to eliminate all possible chances of them losing any money. Greed lives here. 7. So after you've spent your $368 on tickets, $50-70 on food, $50-100 on merchandise, $15 on parking, $5 on the human dryer, $200 for the express passes, the rest of your life savings, etc.... You think good thing we are out of there, no more things to spend money on, but just when you thought it was safe they have 1 final sales area just before going into the parking garage. Again, genius on their part! I don't know who does their marketing and oversees the sales department, but I wish those people were working for me. Sorry for the length, I am really on a rant here. I hope you made it this far. At least now you know what you are getting yourself into. Pros: 1. The Hulk roller coaster - pretty awesome 2. The ex-dueling dragons - still pretty cool, don't know the new lame name 3. Staff- I would have to say everyone working there seemed pretty friendly, maybe they are splitting some of these insane profits with them? probably not, but wishful thinking I think that's it for pros.
This place is 100 times better with the addition of the Harry Potter world. We essentially spent the entire time there. They were smart to put it in the back so you had to walk through the rest of the themes to get there and back out.
There's just so many people! It was hard to check the stores out.  Vendors everywhere. This place appealed like a marketplace more. The attractions were awesome. WWOHP being the best for me. It was very well made. All others were simply fun.  Remember to bring ponchos. Marvel (Storm was hot) and Seuss characters were around but no Harry Potters. There was a grinch show but nothing else to gather all the crowds.
Great amusement park but wish it was a little bit bigger. When you get a ticket, get the 1 day-2 parks. It is definately worth it. The lines are short in the winter (non-holiday season) and the summer you will wait forever under misty fans with people who desperately need deoderant. This park is home to my favorite roller coaster, the HULK. The rides are all thrilling and Poseidon's Fury is an awesome walk through show. It has crazy technical, pyro and special effects. While it usually requires a wait, it should be done. Mythos is a greta place to sit and grab some lunch. It overlooks the lagoon and is quite peaceful compared to the rest of the park. The Thai Peanut Noodles were excellent as well as the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. The fries are nice and crispy with salt and pepper for a little extra kick. Only downside is the milkshake was not what I was expecting. When I want a milkshake, I really want a frappe (which everyone in New England understands). SO kinda bummed that I got a milk and ice drink but it was still good. Transportation from Disney is the main downside to getting to this park. It is at least $15 per person no matter the form of transportation.
Harry Potter and Spiderman are the bests rides bar none.  I don't rode coasters, but these do the trick.
This place is insane.  Living on the East and West coast, nothing stops my family and I from hitting this place as much as we can. Its everything Disney has but better....much better.
Simply called "Islands of Adventure" by locals, this park might be good if you're 14-30 and have no kids in tow, and visit offpeak as well. My visit did not have the luxury of any of these options, and was kind of nightmarish. Get your tix in advance to skip the non-Open book pricing that had families taking up to 15 minutes just to choose a ticket package. Unless you're really into this place, I just recommend doing Islands one day, and skipping the package options. Was so excited to see the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, and while visually stunning, the waits and crowds were too much to enjoy it. A butterbeer took the edge off, and if I come back I'll definitely head straight there. We did enjoy the Seuss stuff for the kids, it's very well done. The Dudley Do-Right water ride broke down a few times while we waited in the claustrophobic underground (and incredibly dated)  waiting area for 90 minutes. Too bad it took our group a horrible visit (and about $1000 price tag) to know what to avoid. Of our whole 7-day trip to Orlando, this was my least favorite day of all.
Spent about 10 hours at Islands of Adventure riding rides and visiting the local shops, and overall we had a great time. My kids are young adults/teens and they really liked it.  On the negative side, if you don't like crowds and fast food don't go during peak time.  Lots of smelly pushy people and fast food. We visited on a Sunday, as we guessed that everyone else would go to Disney after arriving into town.  We were right.  The park wasn't bad when we arrived, but did peak and get crowded about 4pm. Advice for those going and staying all day. Best Arrival Time:  After 6pm, lines for rides go from 75 minutes to 15 minutes.  I think parking is reduced as well. Parking:  Get the preferred parking!  Secure and on the same level as the entrance.  Worth the $5 extra dollars in time saved. In Park Food:  If you're going to stay a whole day like we did and you have more than two people, I would suggest buying the all you can eat and drink pass because it WILL save you some money in the parks, but it will not work in CityWalk where all the good eateries are.  Also, don't pick a place at the front of the park, as they are overcrowded and there are good places deeper in that are less crowded. CityWalk food:  lots of good places to eat and drink.  We ate at Jimmy Buffet's.  A bit pricey but very good and it had entertainment. Rides:  we spent over an hour in line for Harry Potter, but it was well worth it.  Roller coasters - all of them are really good.  My kids liked the Spiderman ride. After Hours:  CityWalk is really nice for after hours, so if you're looking for something fun to do in the evening...this is a hot spot with lots of nice places to eat and drink.
IOA was by far the best park for our family of 4 between all offered by Disney and Universal.  With two boys aged 13 and 5, this was the only park where both really had most they can enjoy together. One word of advice if you are a Harry Potter fan.  Get to the park before gate open and head right to HP land for the adventure ride.  This ride does NOT allow fast pass.  But the wait time is not as long as they post as well.  Our posted time was 110min but it really took around 65 min or do But for everything else, if you have kids, shell out for the unlimited fast pass.
100th review baby! Thank god it's gonna land on Harry Potter World! I say HP world rather than IOA because obviously I spent most of my time at HP world (about 90%), worth it. Yes, a 25 year old man loves HP, get over it! First Point of Advice: Buy your tickets online and when you get there, go to the self check out kiosk, NO LINE! All the other suckers are in a line 100 deep just trying to get their tickets.  You get in, you get out, you see HP.  And if you get the multiple day passes, keep the ticket! It's the exact same ticket every day you go, my friend almost left hers at the hotel on day 2, that would have been horrid, luckily she had it in her bag. Second Point of Advice: Get an express pass, those lines for rides are insane! I went to Mardi Gras, and Universal is more crowded than that! The HP simulator (which was mind blowing) had a 90 minute wait, when I was done with the ride, I seriously considered waiting another 90 minutes to go back in...should have gotten the express pass.  To be fair, the line was in constant motion, so it really didn't feel like 90 minutes...but it was! Third Point of Advice:  There are wait lines just to go into the stores, so my suggestion is to go early and be quick, know what you want to do and do it! See HP first, because that was the most crowded of it all, once you get to Jurassic Park and Poseidon (which you should definitely skip, LAME), it's empty.   Fourth Point of Advice:  Food-wise get a giant turkey leg! It may be burnt and chewy on the outside, but the inside, oh so tender.  If you get a butter beer, I recommend the frozen version, tastes like a milkshake, but share with a friend, I can't even imagine how much sugar is in it, but FYI, the pumpkin juice was better. I've been hyping this place up for 6 months, and it went beyond expectations.  Oh yea, the rest of IOA was cool too...
Wizard world of Harry Potter has my heart! Absolutely perfect. Rides are great, just hope you come on a slow day because if you don't, prepare to WAIT! The Poseidon show was pretty basic, nothing special, they should really use that huge space to build something better! I wish the restaurants had a better selection of food, not everyone wants fried food for lunch and dinner. Overall I love this park, it's my favorite park in Orlando. I just wish they had more variety of food!
An absolute MUST when going to Orlando, FL!  Some of my favorites are: the spider man ride, the hulk roller coaster, and my new favorite area the wizarding world of harry potter! -- no need for those 3D glasses anymore!   Loved the Dr Seuss area for my little one! Wanted to try the water rides but didn't feel like getting drenched! If I had a poncho, I would of totally went on! Love how the park now has dryers for $5 that you can stand in and dry off after getting soaked from the water rides.  What will they think of next?
If you are in visiting Orlando - this is one of the best parks to go to.  Islands of Adventure (IOA) is located right next to Universal Studios and CityWalk.  It is a park that is made of separate themed lands (islands) connected together.  From their port of entry to Seuss Landing, Lost Continent, Wizarding World of Harry Potter, Jurassic Park, Toon Lagoon to Marvel area. This is a very cool park with a good mix of thrill rides and also lots of attractions/rides for the little ones as well.  But the best thing is the Wizarding World Of Harry Potter which is the icon area of the park.  The detail is remarkable in this area of the park.  The attraction is very cool and cutting edge.  Get your butter beer, chocolate frog and wand as well! Great attractions, great shops and cool restaurants.  Go for the dining experience at the tricked out Mytho's restaurant.  Cool open kitchen and stunning interiors or the Three Broomstick's restaurant.
It wasn't as fun as I had remembered.  I was last here about 6 years ago and had a blast.  Maybe it's the age... simulation rides and spinny rides are just not compatible with me.  I get nauseous after doing a few of them.  Most of the rides have not changed. The Jurassic River Raft ride was still good.  Had fun on that. The Harry Potter area was interesting.  Fans would recognize the different stores, eating and drinking establishments, snacks, and food from the books.  I didn't know what to expect out of a Butter Beer - but after tasting, it was just a cream soda with some cream on top.  After going on so many dizzying rides, the Butter Beer did settle my stomach (maybe it was the carbonation?).  There was still quite a bit of a crowd in this area... even in November.  I can't imagine how it would get during peak times. I probably won't be back until Universal makes some big updates to their rides.  I like to be surprised.
Universal is always a fabulous time! Amazing staff, delicious drinks and awesome roller-coasters. This park, in my opinion, is the most fun for the adults looking to enjoy a theme park.
We were here during the low season and we had a great time.  We were there for 4 days with a park hopper.   1) I am a huge Harry Potter fan and was disappointed by how small The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is and the poor quality of many of the merchandise. 4 stars = Visually beautiful and well put together.   3 stars = Frog Choir 0 stars = Tri-Wizard Spirited Rally - I saw this on youtube and was really excited to see this live.  However, instead of a live performance of martial arts and ribbon twirling.  They just stood there and offered to let the tourist take a picture with them.  When I asked one of the employee will they be performing at all today.  He stayed in character and told me  He doesn't know and it depends on Professor Dumbledore.  Maybe they should rename this to to the Tri-Wizard Spirited Photo OP instead of the Tri-Wizard Spirited Rally. 2 stars =  only 3 rides/  5 stars for Harry Pottery forbidden 2 stars = 4 real store (the rest is fake - store front but not a real store you can walk in and look around) and must store only can fit 30-40 people 2) The Lost Continent  -don't waste your time here.  Nothing interesting at all.  I caught both show and was pretty disappointed.  Poseidon Fury was just horrible waste of time 3) Seuss - 3 stars.   3.5 stars =Great candy shop. 2 stars = rides.  I'm a little too old to enjoy it 4) Marvel-3 1/2 STARS Spiderman ride was great
It's no Disney World. Working here literally hammers home the point that this is Anti-Mickey territory. Not as family friendly as Disney, and paying for fast pass is a complete insult after families spend thousands to get here. Great customer service though, complain enough anywhere and they'll take care of you. Please don't abuse this, that tactic has turned many servers and hospitality workers into anti tourists in the area. Suggestions? Avoid Harry Potter Land at all costs in both parks during the middle of summer. The stress from thousands of foreigners bunched together hot and sweaty is too much for anyone to handle.
Hands down the best park in Orlando we have visited and certainly the best if you have boys.  They have really created a magical place with lots of color and sensory experiences.  They have dinosaurs and superheroes = everything a little boy dreams of!  As you walk between lands they use speakers to change the music and set the mood.  Everything is clean and up to date and I found the customer service to be equal to Disney.  If anything the people working at Universal seemed happier.  They were laughing and smiling and helpful.  I do recommend splurging for the Fast Pass.  With the FP we were able to ride every ride in the park.  The FP doesn't work on the premier harry potter ride but it works on everything else.  Speaking of harry potter, if you are a fan this is a must!  They simply nailed it with the buildings, costumes, and even butterbeer.  They are apparently expanding and adding Diagon Alley soon.  Can't wait to go back.
Wow. Just wow. This park is literally the best of the best in Orlando. Don't even think about going to Disney anymore, this one completely blows it out of the water! Now, to break it down: I can't comment on much of the prices, seeing as how I'm a Florida Resident with an Annual Pass (Which is one of the best ideas ever), but I must say that food really doesn't seem all that expensive. For what you get, it's a little wonky, but it is a theme park. And theme parks always over charge, this one just seems to over charge a bit less. If you catch my drift! Also, Parking also doesn't seem all too bad. Last time I actually came here and needed to park in the (really large) garage was a while ago, so I'm sure it's taken a slight change for the worse/extremely crowded. However, as of now, I always have someone drop me off here with a group of friends. It works out a lot more seamlessly and you don't have to deal with the garage. Now, onto the rides. And boy are they amazing! You have The Incredible Hulk, Spiderman, The Simpsons, Mummy, M.I.B., Dueling Dragons (is that still the name...?), Rockin' Roller coaster(?), etc, etc. And they are all sooo good! They all seem extremely fluid in their movements, extremely funny, and extremely inventive. If you are a thrill seeker, or a casual rider, this place will definitely make you happy. And, in terms of Roller Coasters, it blows every Disney park out of the water. If you are looking for a good time with friends or family, and you want to spend that time at a theme park, come to Universal/Islands of Adventure. It's a fantastic time!
Islands of Adventure comprised of islands each with its own distinctive and very effective theming. Marvel Super Hero Island has two of the best rides I've been on. The Amazing Adventures of Spider Man is truly an Amazing ride. It combines 3D effects and a simulation ride - you will not have ridden anything even close to it before. The Incredible Hulk Coaster is also named well also and it felt like one of the longer roller coast rides I've been on. On this island you can also get your photos taken with many of the Marvel Super Heroes walking the streets. Toon Lagoon is host to a couple of the wetter attractions. We rode Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls which will absolutely soak you. It felt like you were practically going straight down on this log ride. Jurassic Park holds a final wet attraction Jurassic Park River Adventure which whilst very entertaining in its story line (yet again I was the one closest to the scary dinosaurs) has an even more entertaining story when you just managed to escape the jaws of the creepy T-Rex to plunge down an 85 foot drop. Once again you will get absolutely soaked. The Lost Continent is the location of the innovative Dueling Dragons - Fire and Ice. This is currently the only duelling inverted roller coaster in the world and was a heck of a lot of fun. Both the roller coasters set off at the same time though one is slower than the other by 5 miles and several times you have just miss the other roller coaster - at one stage it seemed like the other coaster was only a few centimetres away! Whilst here we saw part of The Eight Voyage of Sinbad show and Poseidon's Fury which, though interesting, I didn't feel really justified the overly long wait. My favourite themed island was Seuss Landing and though admittedly geared towards the little kiddies was the most colourful and pleasant to the eye. Who doesn't love Cat in the Hat?
I would give this park five stars just for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter! It was visually gorgeous and the rides were great. We spent the most money on our whole vacation in this area, and I don't regret a penny spent. The Marvel area was average and seemed very cartoony and cheesy. It was still interesting,but not my favourite part of the park. This probably has something to do with the fact that Disney now owns Marvel, and I'm not sure how free they are to update this area. The Adventure area had some great shows and a lovely market. The Dr. Seuss area was super whimsical, had a great candy store and some awesome tshirts. The rides were definitely aimed at smaller kids, but they had a certain appeal none the less. The toon town area was very nostalgic and had some eat rides as well, although the Popeye ride went down right when we were at the front of the line, a we never made it on there. Jurassic park remains one of my favourite rides, as it centres on raptors, which scare the bejesus out of me. Overall, I enjoy this park more than universal Orlando, as it has more that appeals to me. The staff is friendly and helpful, for the most part, and I would recommend this park over the other if you have to pick one.
This park is very family oriented. I'm not sure if it's because I went in early August, but it was extremely crowded. If you do go, I suggest that you plan to go in the late evening/afternoon. You can expect the wait times to be around 45 minutes to 1:30 minutes for general rides. I'm more of a thrill seeker, so I skipped all the kiddie rides. My boyfriend and I went as single riders which saved a lot of the wait times. I think we waited a max time of 30 minutes this way. If you can afford it, the express passes are worth it, but going as single riders will save you the time and cost. It was suggested that we went to Harry Potter World later on in the evening. We arrived at 6pm, which was perfect, as we only dated about 20 minutes. SHOCKER! I hear you can usually get stuck with an average wait time of 70 minutes to 2 hours. As far as dining is concerned, I suggest getting the $19.99 all you can eat pass. It's pretty much one meal plus one dessert at three restaurants per trip. You can pretty much eat all you want throughout the park. You're limited to burgers, pasta, chicken sandwiches, pizza, sweet and sour chicken, etc., but it saves if you plan on eating a lot. The best rides in order at this park are: 1) Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey-- coolest ride I've ever been on by far. The technology put in to it is ridiculous. I literally felt like I was flying. AMAZING! 2) The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man-- kind of the same concept as Harry Potter but with 3D glasses. It definitely wasn't what I had expected. 3) Dragon Challenge 4) The Incredible Hulk Coaster I didn't want to get wet, as I hate that feeling, so I can't judge on the water rides, but if that's your thing, I'd say go for it. They looked similar but more intense to Splash Mountain.
Love the rides, but the prices are still too high!!
This place sucks! just plain and simple---you will pay a very expensive fee to enter the park (compared to other parks like Disney) and receive zero value in return. If you have small kids this park is also a disaster waiting to happen due to poor crowd control and spoiled food sold in some of the restaurants in the park. Here are the reasons why I think the PLACE IS A WATE OF YOUR TIME AND MONEY: 1.-Long waits to enter the parking lot, expensive parking fee of $15 and poor control once you enter the garage. 2.-Long BUT LONG waits to enter ALL worth attractions, with poor crowd control: at times lines run through the whole park and they are left to stampeed once the line starts flowing, recently arrived guest will cut in front of very long lines due to poor control and people running as lines move fast are a danger for small kids---disaster waiting to happen! 3.-Long line to buy the ticket and a complex pricing scheme that includes CHARGING for fast pass-ever heard of racketeering, blackmailing, mafia style well something along those lines--pay me more and I will let you ahead. You suffer the effects of such fastpass being sold by extended waits that will get longer and longer as some cut in line in front of you and others go the fast pass way... 4.-Food is awefull and caused two of my kids to throw up, in addition it is very expensive and bad quality. 5.-You have to line up to enter the stores! yes! and once there the sweethearts at the cash register will treat you like crap! in spite that you are buying a penny item for $5 or more 6.-The park opens at 9:00 and closes at 8:00 (Winter time) but if you are buying the ticket and lining up for the worthy attractions with 2 hours avg wait that leaves no place for going through many attractions. 7.-People with disabilities are treated like crap too, saw a wheelchair bound woman lining up in one of these lines that took two hours. Please save your money and time and do not put your kids at risk by taking them to this place!
I am a huge Harry Potter fan, so this was a must do stop for our trip to Orlando. I loved Islands of Adventure. There were a ton of great rides. I would definitely recommend going to the Hulk ride right when the park opens. There is no line whatsoever and you will just walk right on. Everyone is rushing to Harry Potter World. So, enjoy some of the other popular rides that will get busy later in the day and hit Harry Potter World after the first rush dies down some. This is a great park in Orlando, and a great way to spend the day!
We went for the Harry Potter part.   Early March the crowds are smaller, I would hate to be there in high season, especially to get on the Hogwarts ride. It appears that USIA is more about selling you stuff than providing an entertainment experience.  Though it was entertaining, it really was all about buying stuff in the little shops.  And prices are very high!   The employees are dressed as Hogwarts Students and Hogsmeade residents, you sign your credit card slip with a quill pen.  You need to step back and really take in the experience, which is hard if there are a lot of people wandering about. The line for the Hogwarts ride went very quickly, but you could see they have the cue's set up for a huge crowd!  And do not dawdle while going in, because the people behind you are moving very quickly, so you may miss some of the portriats and other expereinces.   Butter Beer is cream soda with a head, and only served on tap.  Pumpkin Juice is in a cute bottle and you can buy it and take it home with you.   Lots of interesting items in Honeydukes candy shop - the frogs do not hop out of the boxes though, like in the movie. The Harry Potter exhibit is the furthest from the parking lot, so be ready to WALK! And Walk alot! Over all I thought the park was a bit shop worn, not really fresh and kept up to a level you would expect with Disney as its competion.  Parking you get two options, $15 and $20 - for the amount of walking you do, it is not worth the extra five bucks to park on the same level you drive into. Right when you enter to the Left is a discount shop for lots of items sold in the park that might not have been big sellers, so if you are on a budget, for sure check that out first before you shop anywhere else in the park.
I enjoy coming here, especially when I can stay on site and take advantage of fast passes. Here are a few things to note... 1. With fast passes, you can avoid most long waits. You may still wait 5-10 minutes, but that is about it. With fast passes you can do a lot and get back to the pool or other things without feeling like you had to bake in the sun all day to get your money's  worth. 2. They don't do fast passes for the Harry Potter ride, which is quite a cool ride the first time. Everyone mobs this in the morning. You are probably wiser to wait until mid afternoon UNLESS you stay on property and arrive promptly at 8 am. 3. Two days is enough to do everything. With fast passes, you could probably hit all the high points in both parks in one day. 4. Islands of Adventure is fun, but really only has about 8 really fun rides. If you skip the getting wet rides, that number drops by 3. 5. Universal Studios has upped its game in recent years. When Islands of Adventure opened, it made the Universal Studios side look out of date. However, unlike what Disney has failed to do with Epcot, Universal has invested heavily on this side, replacing outdated shows and rides with a roller coaster, Simpson's themed ride, Minions ride, and other cool rides. The Mummy is perhaps the best. Now, it would be a toss up as to which park was better. Both have great upsides. 6. Universal has a knack for having fun rides that have a unique twist to them. However, they are about maxed out on 4-d rides. If they had a couple of additional signature rides, such as roller coasters at both parks, it would be a 5 star place.
We visited this place for half of yesterday with the other half at Universal.  I liked the themed nature of this place as each place was like a self contained world.  It is sometimes odd to see features of Jurassic Park overlaid on the world of Harry Potter though. I didn't have time to visit all the worlds during my visit as there was so much to do.  Still, the memorable moments from my trip were from the Harry Potter world and the Marvel Comics world.  For the Marvel world, I liked the Fearfall tower ride from the Dr. Doom attraction.  Suddenly flying upwards and hovering for a moment to enjoy the scenic views of Orlando was quite a refreshing experience.  I would've done it again if the line hadn't gotten so much longer by the time I got down.
The best amusement park for grown ups who want to be kids again!  One day is not enough as there is so much to do.  Some general tips and highlights: 1.  Harry Potter World should be the first stop. Get in the line for the Forbidden Journey as soon as you get there. The ride itself is not very fast but the special effects are incredible. The tour of the castle during the wait is almost as good as the ride itself. Afterwards, head to the dragon challenge and the flight of the hippo griff. The wand selection ceremony at Dervish and Banges is amazing as well. Get some butter beer and a chocolate frog on your way to the Owl Post where you can get hogsmeade postmarked postcards! 2. The sin bad effects show is fantastic and a must-see on the lost continent as well as the Poseidon tour. 3. The hulk is probably the scariest ride in Marvel but worth the wait. Spiderman is a great family roller coaster as well. 4. Seuss land is great for kids and they will love the Cat in the Hat ride. 5. The Jurassic Park River Cruise is great if you don't mind a little water. They do have ponchos for sale though. Overall a fantastic theme park with surprisingly good food and great islands that bring your favorite stories and characters to life. Will be back for a second visit soon!
I start with the good and end with the bad. I'm reviewing both parks because I don't see a separate one for Universal Studios. The Good: Rides are awesome. Out of all of them The mummy was my favorite! There is alot to do and see. They have cooling stations so that you can cool off when its really hot. They have time estimators at the entrance to all of the rides to you can plan appropriately. Emeril's restaurant is there. Spiderman ride, Simpsons ride, Jurassic Park, Harry Potter The foliage is beautiful The Bad: any form of drink is really expensive The lines can be really long depending on what time of day. Sometimes two hours for just one ride! Its hot and most of the park doesn't have trees covering the walkways so you will sweat! Twister Ride, E.T., Men in Black Overall we had a great time. Also, what bothered me was that you have to pay $15 for parking! I thought that was ridiculous because you pay alot for the tickets just to even go!
Island of Adventure is better than Universal Studios hands down. We had a great time! The Harry Potter world is... just awesome. Butterbeer is delicious. I did ask for Sprite as well... but they "don't serve muggle drinks" - the staff stay in character which adds to the experience! I really enjoyed the other aspects of the park too. Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls was AWESOME. We got soaked (my cell phone still isn't the same!) Was far too much of a woos to go on the Incredible Hulk but it did look like a lot of fun. Such a great time.
The hulk was an amazing roller coaster but prepare for at least an hour wait...the ride was soooooo intense that one of my earrings fell off...it was soooo hot the day we went but none the less we had a wonderful time seeing some marvel characters and also Harry potter land
My party of 3 well over 35+ had a marvelous time. My sister came to visit for 2 weeks and we spent one of them in Orlando. The first stop of the 2 day visit to Universal was of course to Harry Potter, her 1st experience to the park. She had a great as did we (our 3rd time). We remember the ride as being one of the best for our 'speed'. We don't do roller coasters but rides like Harry and SpiderMan are what we enjoy besides walking the park and looking into the shops. The Harry rided seemed to have had a face lift from our last visit (over a 1yr ago), not that it was less than almost perfect the 1st few times we visited. This last ride seemed to have more on display inside and the ride itself appeared to bring the Dementers (not sure of the spelling) closer. We went to the other side the same day and did the Transformers that did 'not' disappoint for all of us was the 1st time for riding. Today we go back for the 2nd day to do the Minions, Terminator, Harry (of course again), and try to get back to the Transformers (it was end of day on the 1st visit so we did not have to wait long). We would recommend these rides for the 35-55 crowd (our age group).
5 stars for the wizarding world of harry potter!  If you're a harry potter, fan this theme park will surely meet (and possibly exceed) your expectations.  Every detail was there from the fictional food concoctions to the elaborate Hogwarts castle.  I loved this place and was in awe every time I turned around.  Good job, Universal!
Love going to the Universal Theme parks.  There are two here in Orlando and if you just simply looking to go from one fun ride to another, here is your place.  There are not tons of attractions, and EVEN LESS live shows, and not every ride is for every member of the family.  But there are awesome experiences that are unforgettable. Mind you because of the thrilling nature of some rides, Universal is not as family friendly....TONS of groups of young people will run amok loudly and push and be obnoxious more than in other parks. Although the employees will answer your questions, the majority of them do not look willing to help and some down right scary...but don't worry, they will be happy to assist. When it comes to trash and wear and tear, Universal does not share the same philosophy of their counterparts.  Of course if you don't give a darn, then awesome....but when you see it, you do get a little disheartened. Well Islands has some great theming and attention to detail.  Many of the designers came from Disney and they really shook up the bland brand that was Universal. Many attractions are outside and will be inoperable in bad weather, and there are not many places to survive the Florida heat, so plan accordingly...and have FUN!
Omg. The spinach and artichoke app at Confisco's (first bar to the right once in islands of adventure before cat in the hat) is amazeballs. Like seriously?!?!
We had a grate time here, something for everyone. All the rides were excellent, again Parking was a bit pricy but well worth the dollar. We will be returning this week to finish off the rides we didn't get time to do today, and to do our favourites again.
Best rides in all of Orlando.  Spiderman is awesome.  There's no other way to describe it.  The Harry Potter section makes you feel like you just stepped into the movie.  So well done and so much fun.
So much fun! Loved every thing about this place! Harry Potter World is absolutely magical. Favorite rides here were the Forbidden Journey and Dragon Challenge. I also really liked the Amazing Spider-Man ride. I'm sure I would have like the Hulk coaster but unfortunately a big storm rolled in and it was shut down.
Florida resident. Annual pass is where its at and they will even do monthly payments on it. Parking is included on most annual passes. I go at least once a week. I love the new Transformers set up and 3D ride!
Getting the fast pass was totally worth it.  I wanted to do both parks in one day and probably wouldn't have been able to ride all the rides I wanted to without the express pass.
They sell you the 2 park tickets but theres no where in hell you can do both parks in one day. Those lines are terrible. The hulk is no joke!
I have been to Orlando several times for business and always went to DWorld but this time I chose to visit Universal as I was staying at Hard Rock Hotel and the park is a 5 min walk away. I don't do thrill rides so I went to a lot of the shows and found them surprisingly good! The  Dr Seuss Grinch Christmas show actually made me tear up it was so touching and so good. I really recommend it. I got lost in Whoville afterwards and couldn't find my way out of there......after awhile it all looked the same and kind of nightmarish. Another really fun show was the Sinbad show.. the actors were great and entertaining and funny. What's with the Poseidon ride or whatever it is? A HUGE building for basically a walk thru guided tour with some light and sound effects but that was it! A total waste of space there. But at least it wasn't scary. I haven't been to the Harry Potter ride ( and probably never will) but the whole Harry Potter area was a hoot. OH try the Butter beer.. the guy told me it was crushed butter cookies mixed with butterscotch and frozen oh YUM! I did the Jurassic park ride in Calif and wont ever do that one again! Get the special dining experience ticket for the day. I was at the park alone and the 18$ was a great deal esp after I had JUST paid 19$ for one breakfast buffet at the Hard Rock  and almost 3$ for a bottle of water. To get to the Park.... I would suggest taking a cab to Hard Rock Hotel then taking the free water taxi from there to the parks.. the taxis run every 20 min until 2 am. Hard Rock is a 5 min walk to the park entrances.
This place is AMAZING! I went many years ago when I was younger, about 8 years, and it was fantastic! I had so much fun and is the most memorable of all the theme parks I visited in Orlando. I can imagine that the rides there now (after 8 years) are a hundred times better, and I can't wait to return! The park is best visited in September when it is quieter as UK schools are no longer in holiday, and nor are the US schools. It's definitely worth a visit, and if you are not a fan of rides, take a trip to Universal Studios (Next Door) which has some fantastic Simulation rides
Step one: buy ticket to Islands of Adventure ONLY! Universal has become the red headed step child park. There simply isn't much there anymore. Step two: Proceed immediately to Harry Potter section and spend the rest of the day there Step three: There is no step three.
We visited both Universal Studios and Universal Islands of Adventure when we last visited Orlando. My favourite has to be Universal Studios, but Islands of Adventure was still enjoyable and another fun day out. Food was excellent, as was the shows and rides throughout the park. We will probably go for a 2 park ticket on our next visit and visit both Universal parks again :)
Easily my favorite Orlando park.  Yes, Universal Studios is great and so are all of the Disney Parks-all are great in their own ways, but only Islands of Adventure has The Wizarding World of Harry Potter and the Incredible Hulk Roller Coaster.  I really love this park because it really has something for everyone.  Little kids will LOVE the Dr. Seuss area, the Flight of the Hippogriff and the Pteranodon Flyers.  Adults and big kids will love everything else.   Other great rides include Spider Man which is a 3D ride, and the Jurassic Park Water ride (lots of fun and beware the T-Rex!  The Dragon Challenge is a great coaster and if you can bear the lines and go through Olivander's your kids will LOVE it (at least Harry Potter fans will).  The Marvel Super Heroes area was pretty damn cool too. If you have the time, I recommend that you not rush through either Universal Studios or Islands of Adventure.  I think you can easily spend a whole day in each park, but I know most people try to squeeze both parks into a single day.  That could get hectic and you'll probably miss something simply because you won't want to wait on the lines, and it is ESPECIALLY tough if you are here with kids.  I also recommend buying the Express Pass and doing the single rider option if you can...both will literally save you hours of waiting in line. I will give Universal one HUGE bonus over Disney...all of the real restaurants are outside the actual parks so if I want to head down here just for dinner or to hit a few of the bars I can do it without paying for the parks.  I really wish Disney did the same thing...
Had a great time here. One of the better theme parks in Florida in my opinion. If you are hesitating about going to Universal Studios or getting the extra pass to go to both Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure... Hesitate no longer, get the pass. It is very worth it. Hulk, Jurassic Park, and Dueling Dragons are amazing rides. Try them all. You will not regret it. Helpful hint: Visit during the work week at an unpopular vacation time of the year and enjoy **line free** rides. On both of my experiences there, I was free to basically go on whatever rides I wanted with no wait times. It was amazing. Can't say the same about Six Flags Great America in Illinois.
I enjoyed Islands of Adventure than the other Universal park (whatever it is called). It is imperative to buy the fast pass. Buy online because it is cheaper, about $10 off than at the park. Fast pass prices varies dynamic depending on demand of the season. Time is money and I ain't got time to wait for long lines.
We came in the middle of spring break with the crowds to match.  Still, despite 30-40 minute waits for most of the rides, the kids had a wonderful time.  The new Harry Potter ride is among the very best dark rides (e.g., indoor, non-roller coaster) I have been on anywhere.  The detailing in the exhibits you look at while waiting for HP are very, very good.  The castle itself is a work of art. Wait time for HP... park opened at 9AM today, we were in line at front gate at 8:30... actually got on ride at 9:50.  It only gets to be longer from there.  But it was well worth it. The two fast, large coasters (one in Harry Potter land and the other is the Incredible Hulk) are very good.  The Hulk borders on exceptional and would be one of my top three favorite coasters anywhere.   The kids did the water rides and had great reports about all of them. You can pay a premium to get an express pass to cut down on the line wait times.  $40 or so to be able to ride each of the big (15) attractions once and have a much shorter wait.  $60 to get an unlimited skip-to-the-front of the line pass.  A lady we talked to liked hers A LOT.  We'll probably get one for tomorrow.  I think you can save some money if you buy this option when you get your tix.  Consider doing that if you are short of time or have terminal ADD like I do. Also - even during prime time for spring break - shop around on line to get best deal on tix.
Universal & Islands are AMAZING parks.......fantastically wonderful.  You can go all adrenaline screaming your guts out on cutting edge roller coasters, or take it easy on simulator rides & shows.  And there are bars!!   GOOD bars.....w/ really good food too. These are some of the reasons why hundreds of thousands of people go to these parks every year....so dont complain about lines. If you dont want lines....then go somewhere that's crappy i LOVE the dad of the year yelper who thought it was more important to skip some line time than to keep an eye on his 8 year old.....THEN blame the park somebody said dont go Christmas week.........you know what day is really dead there?  Christmas Day.  also............Super Bowl weekend.  Saturday is dead....but Sunday is a Ghost Town They dont even make you exit the rides on a lot of them.....because there is nobody in line. I rode the Hulk w/ my kids until I could barely stand.   Same w/ Dueling Dragons And buy the photo pass that lets you look at all your pix online.  When you ride each ride 15 times....it's cool to see so many pix. Who was the yelper saying to skip Universal?   um........The Mummy?  AWESOME ride!........................um...........The Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit is a kick ass coaster.  You choose your own music to blast into your skull during the ride..........my 2 favorites are "Insane in the Membrane" & "Sabotage".  2 huge speakers sandwich your head as a video camera in front of you records your whole ride.  make sure you pick the song though....because the default songs suck.  I had Kermit the Frog singing "Rainbow Connection". Hotels are cheap too that weekend.....because most people have plans on Sunday for the game, so the hotels are empty. If you go during peak season....then anyone w/ half a brain should expect long lines & not complain about it.  If you call the parks.....they'll tell you what dates are low attendance dates. If you can be flexible for your trip...it will allow you to ring out every last drop of value for your dollar from the parks....because you will ride over & over & over again until you just dont want to anymore. For families.....telling your kids you are going to Universal/Islands of Adventure for Christmas is a fantastic gift....see the rest of the family when you return
I had no expectations, so that helped, but man!  Agree with others who rate this higher than Disney.  We went during a slow week and the longest wait was a Friday, 45 minutes for the Harry Potter ride. Could use a few more water rides; they all seem clumped together.   I must get back when Diagon Alley is finished. There are great rides and I had a wonderful time.  No complaints.
This is my favorite theme park. I went over the weekend and it wasn't too busy, which was great. I've been going to IOA for years and the park has consistently gotten better and better, especially now that the Wizarding World of Harry Potter is there. I am a little disappointed that the dragons don't "duel" anymore on Dragon Challenge though! Be prepared for long waits for some of the rides, but definitely try to do them all! I'd hit the water rides mid-day so you can dry off a bit before you head home. And definitely get a butterbeer from WWOHP!
The first time I went to Universal Studios was 9 years ago when Islands of Adventure first opened. We just went back at the end of May and not much has changed. The only new rides that i noticed at Universal were the Simpsons, the Mummy, Shrek 4D and MIB (which is new to me, but has been there a while). Island of Adventure wasnt completely finish when we went for the first time but almost 10 years later is still the same. Nothing new, except for the Flying Unicorn. Islands of Adventure is still much better than Universal by far. Some of the rides at Universal should really be updated, such as Twister. Use a coupon to save on tickets. Get a code here themeparkcodes.com
Disney has the ambiance, this place has the rides. The Hulk, Spiderman, Dragon Challenge, Harry Potter and Rip saw Falls are a BLAST and worth every penny of the entrance fee.  Jurassic park is dated and cheesy, but still fun. I don't know why, but I spent like, 2 hours after my adventure in this park reading people's reviews and I swear, some of y'all must be retarded. People complained about motion sickness, lack of vegan food and how everything is expensive. Number one, if you have motion sickness,STAY OFF THE RIDES!! Every single ride has a sign that warns you not to participate if you have motion sickness. Ditto if you have a heart or blood pressure problem. What makes you think that a twisting car traveling at 80 miles per hour upside down is NOT going to make you queasy? Number two, if you're vegan. Stay home. Nobody likes you. Number three, it's a theme park for god's sake, EXPECT to get ripped off. If you choose to attend these parks you need to resign yourself to spending a load of cash on stupid shit. You can't be upset that parking is $20.00 or a hotdog is $8.00. Abdicate control over the mighty dollar and enjoy yourself. The last thing I want to say is that a lot of people are praising the Express Pass. Yes, it is nice, but it is expensive. On busy park days they can reach the price of the entrance ticket. I bought mine for $50.00 8 months ahead of time. On the day I went, the park was selling them for $79.00. Additionally, the pass is good for only ONE time on each ride (Harry Potter excluded). One reviewer said he saw Express pass holders ride multiple times before he even got one ride in. This is simply not true. Employees scan your pass twice before you get on the ride and you WILL NOT be allowed to go through the express lane again. So keep this in mind if you are purchasing an Express pass. Many reviewers gave the impression that you can skip lines all day with it. (If only that were true!!). Overall, I enjoyed myself at this park even though I went during a very busy time (spring break). Do not expect the Disney Fairy Tale and you'll have a good time.
This is a great park for older children and adults but next year the new Harry Potter theme area will make id popular for younger kids as well. It has some awesome roller coasters and we found queue times were not bad at all. The water rides are also really good, however much more fun is standing on the pirate ship above the water ride squirting unsuspecting riders with the free water cannons. That was such a laugh. The food outlets are plentiful if expensive here, but you can always take in food of your own from the supermarket. They don't seem to have a problem with this. One thing to be aware of is that the large rides close during bad weather so go on a good day.
Mom and I had an incredible time at Islands of Adventure. We started the day as soon as the park opened and didn't leave until around seven. Even though our feet were absolutely killing us, the time totally flew by. While Harry Potter land is the most wonderful part of the park we also had a blast at Jurassic Park. Yes, that's right, we spent an entire ten hours in Harry Potter land and Jurassic Park. I don't regret it a bit. I'm not crazy about roller coasters but there are still plenty of attractions to enjoy and fun things to see without it. Food and souvenirs add up money wise but by using the hotel shuttle we saved money on parking. I think you save money when you buy your ticket through AAA. You also get a 10% discount on souvenirs throughout the park so don't forget that very important card!
This was my second favourite theme park in florida, it is geared more to older kids (probably why I liked it) and I found the restaurants were of a much higher standard here than some others I could mention. Duelling dragons was great, I totally loved all the water based rides too they are the best ever. Hard rock is a must for food be prepared for carry out though.
Cool rides, food choices were just okay, overall fun day.
The Islands of Adventure is the best islands I have ever visited. I went in July this year and it was fantastic. It is real fantasy and set up for the whole family to enjoy. The rides are great and vary from very mild to scary fast ones. The queues can be bad but there is a rapid ticketing system to get you on faster. It is best to get there as soon as the park opens and plan your visit. The entrance is quite a walk from the car park but if you get there first you will be nearer. The Spiderman ride, Jurassic Park and Dudley Doo Right are a must. I was so scare on Dudley that I wanted to get off at the top of the ride.
Next spot on our vacation was Islands of Adventure. What a nightmare! DO NOT COME HERE Christmas week! Lines and attitudes will be your only theme. Let me be perfectly clear... we had a good time regardless of the issues I'm about to detail. We always make the best of every opportunity we spend time together, no matter the weather or circumstances. Unfortunately the crowds here today were beyond impossible, and made riding anything difficult. We spent over 4.5 hours of our day standing in line just to ride Harry Potter's Forbidden Journey twice (AND YES, we went to this ride first). However, we talked to one family from Costa Rica for so long that we became friends and exchanged contact info. In total, we were only able to experience 5 rides due to the population of the park. The only thing worst than the lines were the attitudes of some of the teen staff here. THE BAD ---------- - - - - - In more than one location we witnessed rude staff members. There was a girl operating the Hulk ride that was having a bad day. She made a really nasty announcement to all the folks in the single riders line to "NOT ASK her again if friends can ride together."  The level of nastiness in her voice would have gotten her fired if I was management here. If that weren't enough, she storms off about 30 minutes after her first episode screaming out "I can't take these people anymore." Next we encountered a nasty young lady operating the Harry Potter ride. I almost lost it on her, but I try hard to model patience for my children. Her tag said she was from New York but I heard her mention that it was a farm town in Minnesota. Do huge parks like Universal not screen & train their staff? I would assume not, because several employees I encountered today have no business being in contact with people. THE UGLY ---------- - - - - - But my final straw came on our second time riding Harry Potter ATFJ. The single rider lanes are set up about half way through the line, just after the lockers since you are not allowed to carry anything bulky on the ride. There are staff here than tell you the remainder of the line is over an hour, or 15 minutes if you choose the single rider line. Already tired of waiting, we chose that option.  We were separated from my 8 year old as he was ushered to a front car while my wife stayed behind to wait for him once he got off. I was only three cars behind him so theoretically he should be getting off his ride just a few seconds before me. Well, when my ride was over and I located my wife, my 8 year old was not standing with her. I ask her if she'd seen him and her reply was no. *PANIC ATTACK* If you are a parent, you know that SINKING feeling of not being able to locate your child in a crowded area. I thought I was about to throw up. Long story short, it took us a full 8 minutes to find him, which seemed like forever as we covered all the ride exits and searched every square inch of the immediate area. It turns out (for some reason) after ushering him to the front,  the ride operators held him to the side for several minutes before placing him in a car. I WAS  FURIOUS, but thankfully my wife knows how to bring my rage under control and we moved on with our day. We had our son and that was all that mattered.   THE VERDICT ---------- - - - - - Between parking and the park entrance we encountered THREE sets of lines (four if you count the car line to park). It took nearly 55 minutes to get inside. We tried to maximize our day by utilizing the single riders line, but it proved to give birth to the worst moment of my year. The Dr. Seus show was great and the turkey legs were the best ever, but nothing made up for the hours we spent in line. 'Fast Passes' vary in cost depending on the time of the year and for Christmas they are around $50/person (not the $20 we saw advertised online). What a rip-off! It will be a long time before we ever return to this park... if ever. Yelp100 [10]
My son and I enjoy Universal Studios Island of Adventure so much we have an Annual Pass. Now that my son is 10 and over 54" we can enjoy all the rides together. This weekend we road the Incredible HULK ride for the first time. (I was waiting for my son to meet the Minimum height requirement) We both had so much fun on that roller coaster. (Put your valuables and hats in a locker - for free while you ride) Our other favorite rides and ones we recommend in the order that we go on them when we go to this fun Park: - Storm Force (Spinning ride - I sat this one out - But my son loved it) - The Adventures of Spiderman (Swing into line and enjoy this 3D action adventure. It is still open as they are working on making enhancements) Before getting wet we explore the decks of Popeye's own seagoing vessel, The Olive. Great view of Hulk ride and people getting soaked on Popeye's and Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges.   - Dudley Do Right's Ripsaw Falls (Love this ride. Be prepared to get SOAKED. They have lockers to keep your stuff dry - leave your stuff in the lockers and ride the next two water rides) - Popeye's and Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges (You will get wet. they have bins on ride for your stuff or use the lockers by Dudley Do Right for towels and a change of clothes) - Jurassic Park River Adventure (This is a fun ride and Oh, you will get wet - I lost my hat on this ride - put belongings in a locker or hold on tight) Take a break - Get stuff out of lockers back by Dudley Do Right - Dry off - for a few more bucks they have a huge dryer you can stand in - I just bring towels when we are going to do the water rides) For Meal / Snack or just a break from the heat head over to The Jurassic Park Discovery Center - My son LOVES learning about Dinosaurs and this is a must stop during every visit. (Test your DNA and see what kind of dinosaur you would be...My son is a ferocious predator and I am a peaceful herbivore) - Pteranodon Flyers (This ride was designed for parents to enjoy gliding through the air to get a prehistoric bird's-eye-view of Jurassic Park with their children - This attraction is designed for children 36" to 56" in height. Guests over 56" in height must be accompanied by a child meeting the 36" height requirement.) -The High in the Sky Seuss Trolley Train Ride (Get the Whole Family All aboard for a whole new perspective of Seuss Landing. They have two train adventures - Ride them both for double the fun) - One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish (Let your kids take the controls as they you steer your colorful fish up, up, up and down and around) -The Cat in the Hat (This one I sat out last time because of the spinning - but my son loves this ride - it is a fun ride with a cat wrecking havoc on a raining day - what can I say - when Moms away these children learn to play) Well, that is our day. Now, it is your turn to Yelp away and tell of your adventures to all who will read what you have to say.
Note: It is not worth it to do both parks in one day even with a front of the line pass. For the theme park to close at 7. There is not enough time. Just wanted to let those know if you ever decide to do both. If you have time for just one day, do Islands. (Way better) I spoiled myself and my group with front of the line passes so that we can do everything faster. It did pissed me off though that the pass didn't include the Harry Potter Ride. Wizarding World of Harry Potter? HELL YES! The best ride at that theme park was Harry Potter. It was a mixture of 3-D screen and track ride and if you seen & read all the movies/book. It would be an amazing experience for you. The wait that day (mid-January) was only an hour wait. Even then with looking at everything in the castle, it didn't feel that long at all. Although I understand the theme park tried to incorporate a lot of the book to one small area, it was a tacky that they incorporate Diagon Alley with Hogsmeade. I hope that changes when that side of the theme park expands more. Didn't get to go on the dueling dragon since it was closed down.. boo. Too bad the candy shop was super expensive. 10.50 for a chocolate frog? BoooooO! Three Broomstick had ok dining, but see my future review for that. The frozen butterbeer was much more enjoyable than the non frozen one. Loved cream/foam! Other notable ride experience includes the HULK! The line for the front was long, but front seats were awesome! Other favorite 3-D screen and track ride was SPIDERMAN. Still a great ride with shorter lines due to Harry Potter. Hope you have fun!
Having worked for most of the major amusement parks here in Orlando, it's somewhat difficult to write this from the other side of the fence. From a pure fun and content standpoint I can't really fault Islands of Adventure. However I found the locker system used on various attractions to be a huge fail.... especially in the Harry Potter Wizarding World. I know big crowds are to be expected at amusement parks too, but many sections of the parks were literally shoulder to shoulder. Even when I worked at the parks I often wondered how safe it was in an emergency. I also have to agree with other reviews that the park operators around here have certainly mastered the art of ala carte pricing for -everything- !! All in all though a great time. Fix those stupid lockers and I'd give it 5.
If I was asked to choose between going to a Disney World park, and Islands of Adventure, I would always pick IOA. I'm not sure if my mind will change once I have a child wanting to meet Mickey Mouse. All I know is that a twenty-something year old had way more fun than he should probably admit to having. Highpoints: 1. Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Great experience that does a good job of immersing you into the imaginary world of wizards. It's packed with Muggles, and everything is super expensive (wands, and all of the other random crap you really don't need but want from Ollivander's, Zonko's, etc). However, the ride is quite enjoyable and even standing in the very, very, very, very, very long line to get on the ride is kind of (but not entirely) fun, because of the semi-interactive Hogwarts school setting that you have to walk through to get to the ride. Make sure to try the Butter Beer. It's not warm (as the books would have you believe) and for good reason. A cold, refreshing beverage (made of what I'm sure is just cream soda with whipped cream) really hits the spot while traipsing through Hogsmeade. 2. Other equally (if not more) enjoyable rides included: Amazing Adventures of Spiderman, The Incredible Hulk Coaster, Jurassic Park River Adventure, Popeye's Bilge Barge, and that's about all we had time for before it started raining. Each of the above mentioned rides were quite fun. The Spiderman ride (the visuals) fritzed on us near the end so when the ride finished, they simply said to stay seated if we wanted to go again. So we did, and it was dandy.   Lowpoints: 1. Overpriced everything. To be honest, this doesn't (and shouldn't) detract much from your experience, because you know it's coming so plan accordingly. But even knowing that it's going to happen, it can be a bit of a shock when it's lunch time and you buy a $9.00 sandwich that you're pretty certain they stole from a nearby Subway. 2. The lines; on a balmy day with a cool breeze, this can be tolerable. In the middle of summer, you better have a high tolerance for heat. Or you need to invest in one of those expensive water-bottle, battery-operated fans, lest you want to spend the entire day running from shaded place to shaded place. But this is easy enough to avoid if you plan your trip during the slow seasons (i.e. not December, and not summer break). 3. At one point, we lost our uncle. You read that correctly. Approximately 15 individuals, most of them young adults and children, and yet we managed to lose one middle-aged man. Try conveying a missing person (who isn't a child) request to IOA staff: "Hi, we seem to have lost our uncle. Can you tell us where we can find security? How do we know he's missing? Because he left his shoes right there. I don't know why he left his shoes behind, just be happy he didn't leave his pants. No, he's not senile. Where's the closest place that you can buy ice cream? I'm pretty sure he went there. Barefoot. Like a crazy person." We found him two hours later, taking a nap behind some trees. He can't explain why he thought his shoes needed to come off though. I plan to remind him of that every chance I get. I may even work it into a speech when his son gets married. In summary: Yes, it's expensive, but that's to be expected. Have an idea of what you want to do (everything is not an option), sneak in some sandwiches in your purse, and try to avoid letting your kids into any of the Harry Potter stores, because they will break your wallet. If you can't have fun in a place like this, you are a seriously crotchety person.
Harry Potter area the best. Rest of park just average . Every area only has a few rides. Spring break crowds very big. Recommend Express Pass. Hard to find anything to eat besides burgers and fries. Lots of water fountains so bring a water bottle to refill and save yourself lots of money.
If I were judging Islands of Adventure based solely on Harry Potter, it would receive 5 stars. Unfortunately there are other theme parks within Islands. Let me mention, my group of friends and I are all above the age of 25 - Toon Lagoon and Seuss Landing aren't my top choices for fun. After Harry, Marvel was probably the best theme to visit. The Spiderman ride was alright. We rode the new Transformers ride the night before, same concept as Spiderman, but executed better. I'm sure Spiderman hasn't been updated since its inception. My friends rode the Hulk and said it was amazing and ridiculously fast. I wish I could say I loved the Jurassic Park island as much as I love the movie. Again, I don't do rides, so the drop that occurs in the River Adventure wasn't enticing to me. Two of my friends rode it, were seated in the center and barely got wet. They said the ride was very pretty and a lot of fun. I am a HUGE Jurassic Park fan (top 5 favorite movies) and was a little disappointed by this island. I wish they had a ride where you ride through in a truck/simulation and experienced it like you do in Hogwarts or like the Transformers ride. Also, they really need a shirt in the store with a velociraptor that says Clever girl. Only my favorite line in the movie. We only walked through the rest of the park to get to the islands we wanted to visit, they all seemed okay. Some of it could seriously be updated. In my personal opinion, they should have a Star Trek island or Game of Thrones or Hunger Games. I feel any of those updates would bring in a huge crowd. I feel that most people only go to Islands of Adventure now is for Harry Potter or Marvel.
Had a Blast! This side is mainly for Adults! Rode all coasters except Dr. Doom! Also hit "City Walk" and Harry Potter Area! This place never gets old! They do need to add a few more roller coasters though!
Short and sharp The park is far better than universal across the road and seem to have better detail throughout. The staff are truly out to rule your world which is truly disappointing. It's very clear some of them are on a power trip and have pleasure in commanding your family around because they know you won't argue to much as you want to go in the rides. Not one staff could explain why I couldn't have my go pro witch has a wrist restraint and could hold more than my weight in breaking strength, yet others could hold glasses phones etc on rides. I would guess it has something to do with the $34.95.  Asking price for roller coaster videos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Excluding the staff attitudes, the park is pretty good with a selection of rides to please the masses. Harry potter world is amazing.
Better then Disney, yes I said it. The rides are excellent. I would say maybe more suited to older kids than younger ones as there are more 'thriller' rides to smaller child friendly ones. Go on the hulk, go on duelling dragons. Try and sit at the front on both. If you go on duelling dragons turn left and go on the red dragon, far better than blue. Theres a sneaky tunnel at the exit of duelling dragons to save you going round to the front of the queue again so keep an eye out for it. Foodwise, the ribs are tasty (so says my boyfriend) and the salads are too (says me). The icey slush drinks are yummy too (but colour your tongue blue/red) great for keeping cool. It gets very hot and there isnt much shade, so wear a hat! Also I would suggest wearing a bumbag, no cool points but you dont need to take it off for any of the rides!!
Worst experience I have ever had in an amusement park. Under staffed and under trained!
I had a hard time deciding weather or not to spend my time at Disney or Universal.  To purchase multi day passes for each would be too expensive.  I was not disappointed. I purchased a three day pass for my family of 4 for about $140 each which I thought was a bargain.  The 2 parks are just amazing.  I spend one day at Universal Studios and 2 at Islands Adventure.  Awesome time!   Islands Adventure is basically 6 small (Islands) parks.  While making your way through them it's amazing you can't even see any of the park you left behind, or what is ahead.  Here is my lowdown on each park. Dr. Seuss:  Kid friendly with nothing scary or daring.  My kids loved it. Lost Continent:  Poseidens Fury is a must see. Not a ride and seemed more like an attraction for Universal Studios, great show Harry Potter:  By far the most crowded and longest wait for the rides.  Worth the wait though. Jurassic Park:  Basically just a water ride.  Ok Toon Lagoon:  2 water rides.  No different than other rapid river ride and log jam rides at almost any other park in America, but a welcome relief to the Florida heat. Marvel Super Hero Island:  Spiderman ride is the most unique and best rides I've seen.  I would go on it twice if I were to visit again.  Fear fall is similar to the Big Shot in Vegas and the Hulk coaster is awesome.  My favorite Island.
Worst Orlando experience ever! We went December 27, 2012.  It was the most horrific time we've ever had.  They let about 10,000 too many people into the park.  My boys (5 and 6) were getting trampled over.  What is this about "Getting a pass" to get into the Wizarding World of Harry Potter?  In my opinion, that place would be a lot less busy if they didn't make such a commodity out of it.  What a joke! Go to Disney...It is less crowded and the workers actually care.  And they smile.  Something you won't find at Universal.
Island of Adventure is great but I'm still definitely more a Disney fan...Disney's attention to detail is by far indescribeable. Never was much bothered to go on the Hulk because of long lines. The Harry Potter area was done very well and the ride I really didn't like all that much even though it was a good idea. One of the biggest CON'S is the pass you pay to get express in lines...The Disney Fast Pass works far better where as this pass is a way for the park to grab extra money. This year I decided to go with a Sea W and Busch Gardens pass.
As a staunch detractor of Universal Studios here in LA, I was not terribly excited at the prospect of dropping money at Islands of Adventure.  When I hear Universal Studios I think of the place so desperate for business they give you an annual pass if you pay for a one day admission.  Islands of Adventure is nothing like what we have here and because of my (extremely) low expectations I was completely blown away. The day started on a sour note as we headed into the parking structure that was woefully mismanaged compared to Disney and its white papered processes.  Lanes opened up only to merge again 100 feet later leading to backups as cars wound their ways in and out.  Once at the ticket booth (I highly recommend buying tickets online ahead of time just to skip this line) I was inundated with the hard sell to upgrade my ticket to both parks.  No thanks, I only have a few hours here today.  Want a lanyard for $5?  No, I don't need one.  Want to pay extra for express pass?  No, the lines don't look too long today.  I then got my bill to sign which was nearly $100.  Holy crap, did he think I said yes to some upgrades?  I turned to my friend to confirm the price and he nodded, pointing down at his own receipt.  Holy jeebus, all this for Harry Potter? But boy was I surprised by how theme-y this theme park was!  Just walking in the entrance, I was greeted by a Caribbean town from my childhood pirate fantasies.  We headed right with Hogwarts as our immediate goal, but taking us past the Dr. Seuss area which felt like you stepped onto a film set.  It's hard not to feel like a kid in this candy-coloured pastel town.  Outside the Mythos restaurant  (which sits just outside Seuss Landing in the Lost Continent area) it unceasingly smelled like vomit the whole day.  Gross.  What amazed us were that families and groups of people were taking breaks in Vomit Plaza no matter how bad the smell got.  There are many other places to rest your feet, fellows! Hogsmeade and Hogwarts were amazingly well done and deserve their own review.  The Dragon Challenge ride was smooth and a blast. The highlight of course is your trip through Hogwarts itself for the Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride.  My friends didn't want to spoil it for me so I won't describe the ride itself other than to say it's worth your time.  The queue lives up to Disney levels of presentation and storytelling by having you exploring the greenhouses, halls and classrooms from the films/stories complete with effects and characters before you even get on the ride itself.  Well done, Universal.  The town of Hogsmeade feels like a real little town as a lot of storefronts actually are serve as real shops and aren't just facades.  Butterbeer can be had at various carts and restaurants in the area as well. We blew through the remaining areas including Jurassic Park, Toon Lagoon and the Marvel Island.  Jurassic Park was done up nicely to match some of the sets from the film, allowing you to explore the visitor's center (complete with a two story tall dino skeleton) and pseudo-learn in the educational area.  I don't know how valuable the stuff you learn is since most of it is couched in the fiction of the story allowing you to make a dinosaur mixed with your own DNA and see dinos hatching from eggs inside a nursery.  The Toon area was covered with all the old Sunday comics I grew up reading that probably no one born today would ever recognize.  The highlight here is paying a quarter to shoot riders on the Dudley Do-Right ride with water as they head to unload.  Most times they don't even know you're responsible and only see you laughing at them from above. Finally we got to Marvel Island where we hit the Spider Man ride and Hulk.  Spider Man was okay, but some of the other rides just blew it away so it had a hard time competing.  Hulk was awesome.  Five minute lines (10 - 15 mins if you wanted front row) and you felt like you were flying.  Went on this a few times before we had to end our day. One more poke at Universal from a Disney fan:  there were areas where someone had spilled a bucket of popcorn inside the visitor's center of Jurassic Park.  Some Disney robot would have come out immediately from a hidden door to clean that stuff up at the Magic Kingdom, but that mess was there for at least an hour.  Just sayin'.  :) I would definitely come back here (I'm already on expedia looking up airfare).  Wish they had more rides as things are split up between Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios Florida next door, but I get that they want your money.
It is worth every penny to spend the night at an onsite hotel when visiting Universal.  Two nights would be best, but even one night does the trick.  First, you get early access to the parks prior to the general public.  Second, you'll receive the Express Pass for free.  This makes the experience so much more enjoyable.  We dress for the wet rides, get wet all afternoon long & go back to the hotel & change into dry clothes.  Hard Rock is just a 5 minute walk away from the parks.  Even if you choose to stay one night, Hard Rock will hold your luggage & you are free to use their generous sized rocking restrooms to change, etc.  I think you get the idea :) WWofHP:  Express Pass doesn't work here, but you do get in an hour early when staying on site.  It is beautiful at night under the lights!  Belly up to Boar's Head bar & order yourself a cold beer & butter beer for the kiddos.  Sit down & look around at all the details.  Amazing!  No age limit here!  Everyone will enjoy WWofHP.  Small area & could use one more ride . . . but otherwise perfect. Spiderman:  Rocks! (no express pass anymore due to it being upgraded).  If you loved this ride before ~ you will super love it now :)  Hulk is awesome.  That first take off never gets old.  Doctor Doom Fearfall sometimes gets a bad rap, but I honestly like it.  Great view of the park & nice "in between" ride.  Jurassic Park & Comic Zone:  Just plan on getting wet.  Wetter the better!  That is the only way you'll enjoy these park sections 100%. Seuss:  Charming and delightful.  They young love it.  I enjoy it too, but not for a long period. Remember, if you have to wait in line - the attention to detail while you snake thru the rails passes the time.  We have never encountered an issue with placing our goods in the lockers (that you must use on the big rides).  If you travel light, it makes it  more smooth.  And if you stay onsite & you purchase something - they'll send it to your room for free - no more carrying it around. With a little research prior to your arrival ~ USIofA is absolutely wonderful!
This is an incredible park. The rides are awesome. This is the best park I've been to. Wish it were closer to me.
Universal Studios' newest answer to the consumer/tourist giant that is Disney, Islands of Adventure is home to some of the latest and greatest coasters and thrill rides to be found anywhere.  As if that weren't enough, it's also the site of every Harry Potter fan's Golden Fleece incarnate: The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. TWW is what prompted me to gather my two best coaster-crazed compadres and set out for Orlando and a whirl-wind tour of some of the awesome theme park pleasures to found there.  As an incurable Potter aficionado, I'll be devoting an entire subsequent review to it, and another to Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, which is Universal Studios' most amazing and popular ride. For now, let me share two bits of advice about TWW: 1) Without question the most popular attraction currently available in Islands of Adventure, you should hit TWW as early as possible in the day to minimize wait times and maximize your enjoyment of all things Potter. 2) Express Pass, which is Universal's horribly over-priced answer to Disney's free FASTPASS, doesn't work inside TWW. While I'm making advice lists, here are three pieces of advice about Islands of Adventure in general: 1) Combined Tickets: We bought combined tickets for both Islands of Adventure, and the original "regular" Universal Studios theme park to maximize our options, but there is so much to do inside Islands of Adventure that we never made it over there.  If you not specifically interested in studio/backlot stuff, don't bother with the combined ticket; just buy the one for Islands of Adventure 2) Express Pass: Universal's Express Pass is a total rip-off - DON'T BUY IT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!  Not only is it ridiculously overpriced, but it doesn't work inside TWW. 3) Single-Riders RULE!!  The single-riders line is without question the best way to cut the wait times on the rides here by an order of magnitude.  The experience isn't the way it sounds - however much waiting you do, you'll be with your Droogies for all but the last 2 or 3 minutes before boarding the ride.  If you don't mind sitting next to a stranger while you scream your head off, you can sometimes end up literally riding three times as many rides as you would waiting in the "traditional" lines. On to the story! My coaster-crazed compadres and I ran amok for 13 hours straight in Universal Studios Islands of Adventure.  We paused twice for fuel - once briefly in The Three Broomsticks for Butterbeer and snacks, and for again for a dinner break at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville Café.  I'll Yelp both in the fullness of time.  For now, suffice it to say that the former is worth visiting simply for the novelty of that wonderous beverage conceived by J.K. Rawlings, and that we got a surprising good meal at the latter - my expectations are never high for food inside theme parks, but I was quite pleased at Jimmy Buffett's; Warren should be proud! :-) Having discovered the numerous advantages of the Single-Riders lines, we consumed mass quantities of all things Potter through the morning and early afternoon, and then proceed to cut a swath through rest of Islands of Adventure.   Our unquestioned favorite (outside of TWW) was The Incredible Hulk Coaster.  This awesome gift to coaster aficionados launches with the same G force as an F-16, and combines multiple loops and some serious corkscrew action with the most amazing "first hill" coaster experience short of California Screamin' in Disney's California Adventure.  Repeat rides enhance the experience, because you know what's coming! Other very noteworthy attractions include: - The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man - Imagine Disney's Indiana Jones Adventure on steroids and rendered in 3D... - Revenge of the Mummy - Let's see, forfeit my soul, or make sure Brendan Frasier gets his coffee... Can I think about that for a while? - Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit - This ride reaches 65mph has three drops, plenty of loops, and you get to pick your own soundtrack; beats a poke in the eye with a sharp stick however you look at it... My only reason for not giving the entire Islands of Adventure experience 5 stars is it's pricing model, which makes Disney's straightforward greed look modest and virtuous by comparison.  Add to that the Insult to Injury that is Universal's ludicrously overpriced Express Pass, and I seriously considered a three star rating.  Still and all, after you recover from the sticker shock, there's enough fun to be had here for even the most die-hard coaster fans.   If you also happen to be a Harry Potter aficionado, then a visit to Universal Studios Islands of Adventure is simply not optional!
Islands of Adventure is better than normal Universal, but still lacking in Awesomeness. My biggest complaint is that Universal tries to hard to sell stuff. I feel like they are trying to squeeze every dime out of me. I just wanted to get a one day pass, but they practicualy would not sell it to me. They insisted that I get a season pass because "it makes so much more sense." They could not take no for an answer. My next complaint is the Fast Pass. Disney does the Fast Pass way better. I do not like that they make you pay for a Fast Pass. Sure, if you want to get all your cash squeezed out of you, it may be a good idea. You can always cut to the front of the line. But there is not that many good rides here to really make it worth while. How many times can you really ride the Hulk. Additionally, I do not think the Fast Pass works for Harry Potter. That was the longest line and that is where it would be more valued. My final complaint, the Smart Phone Apps. Universal's Smart phone Apps are not as good as Disney. All the Apps are created by 3rd parties. They are lame and filled with advertisements and rely and people to update them with ride wait times. Both Disney and Universal track these wait times anyways. Universal should take (yet another) one out of Disney's book and make their own Park Apps. These should update the wait times with whatever Universal is saying they are instead of filtering it though visits and 3rd party developers. Best rides are: (1) Hulk, (2) Harry Potter, (3) Spider Man, (4) Jurassic Park. Those 4 rides are required for a good time at Universal Islands of Adventure. The Grinch's Christmas was pretty darn well decorated. And I did have a lot of a fun. So irrespective of my complaints, Universal is pretty fun and I did have a very nice time there. But compared to Disney, Universal will always be the red-headed step child of Theme Parks in Orlando.
Universal is a strange conundrum: While it appears as though they want to BE a viable Disney alternative, at least in terms of many of the rides and the general look of the park, they don't care enough to provide people with anything near Disney's level of customer service, satisfaction, or park engineering.  Universal's mission statement, if there is such a thing, appears to be something along the lines of "Stick it to 'em hard, because a lot of them won't be back anyways."  Seriously, once we saw behind the great Oz's curtain, we swore we would never go back - despite the fact that we are now the unhappy holders of Universal season passes.  Here are just two reasons why. First of all, we bought vouchers for our Florida resident season passes from AAA.  Note I said "vouchers" and not tickets.  I think there is a reason you can only directly purchase vouchers and not the actual tickets and it involves money.  You see, even if you have already purchased the redeemable vouchers which clearly demonstrate that you have PAID for season passes that INCLUDE the cost of parking, the first time you go to park in the Universal garage, you STILL have to pay $15 at the gate in order to park because (Catch 22!) you don't have your ACTUAL tickets yet.  The guy at the parking garage informed us that it was "AAA's fault" that they didn't tell us that vouchers could not be used for free parking - only the actual passes, which you get in the park.  When we pressed him further, he said that we could go to some location near a bus station(?) and trade the vouchers for our passes, but he didn't recommend it because we would not be allowed to park in the area for more than 20 minutes and the exchange the would "take a lot longer than that."  So we grudgingly gave the parking guy $15 and drove into the parking garage.  When we got to customer services office, we asked the guy handling our exchange about getting reimbursed for the $15 parking fee and he also blamed AAA for not informing us that the ALREADY PAID-FOR vouchers could not be used to receive free parking.  $600 for annual passes and they will not reimburse you $15 for parking the first time you go?!  Can you say "nickeled and dimed?!"  And let's get serious about who is at fault!  AAA does NOT set the policy that vouchers are not honored at the parking garage, Universal does!  Nice attempt to redirect the blame, Universal.  Bottom line: Despite the fact that Universal already has your money for your passes, you have to pay for parking if all you have are the redeemable vouchers. Our next complaint involves an almost invariable comparison with Disney, line management, and shameless money grubbing.  Anyone who has ever been to Disney knows that the Fast Pass system works extremely well, is included in the admission price, and can be used by all.  This is not the case at Universal, which creates a system of gross disparity and then attempts to help you "solve" the problem by encouraging you to (that's right, you guessed it) spend more money!  Let me give you an an actual example of how this insidious system designed to part you from your money works.  My wife and daughter wanted to go on a ride that had a posted wait time of 5 minutes.  However, after more than 20 minutes they were still far from the front of the line, despite the fact that the ride was filled to capacity each time.  How can this be?  Simple, Universal allows people to buy an additional pass that provides one access to a competing line.  Those in this line are allowed to skip ahead of those in the line composed of those who don't purchase this premium service.  So on a busy day, if you don't buy this expensive privilege (which is happily sold throughout the park), you could spend the overwhelming majority of your time doing nothing more than watching a select group of people pass you in line while you crawl forward at a snail's pace.  See that person casually walking by in the privileged line and passing you without a glance?  They will be on the ride and off again before you can move forward so much as 20 feet.  Hell, if it is a popular ride, you might see the same people enjoy the same ride again and again and again, all while you stand in the same spot!  At any rate, in an effort to maximize our time we admitted defeat and purchased this privilege for ourselves.  At this point, in addition to the $600 we have already spent on our vouchers (oops, I mean "passes") the $15 we had to spend on parking "just for the first time" (Again, this is NOT AAA's fault), we had to spend an additional $120 in order to have any hope of seeing more than a handful of rides. I could go on (Food? Awful.  Harry Potter? Underwhelming  The rides? Shabby.  Employees?  Surly at best.  Music?  Loud and annoying.  Signs?  What signs?!), but why bother?  In truth, Universal has won: we spent $735 for a day at a park we won't go back to - despite the fact that we can finally park for free. You have been warned!
I love this place! The Harry Potter experience is really an experience. They put a lot of money into development. It feels like you're in the actual movie. The rides are fun even for adults.
Had a good time here with the man during out vacation. We came specifically for The Wizarding world of Harry Potter and it did not disappoint.  The set up of Hogwarts was super realistic and the rides did not disappoint! Get some butterbeer while you are there. It is SO sweet but so delicious. The froth on the top is the BEST part. Let is stand and it gets bigger. Oh man, soo tasty.  The rest of the rides were great. I love Seuss Landing. We did the park pretty quickly since when we went in Feb it was pretty empty. We had hardly any lines. We got lucky! Can't wait for my next trip back!
LOVE the new Harry Potter part!
Minus 1 star for customer service that needs some serious work! Trust me, I've complained to Guest Services more times than I can count! Aside from that, awesome park for adults & teens! We've had annual passes for years & intend to keep them, even though we don't go all that often anymore. We've done all the rides countless times & the main reason we keep the passes now are for the awesome concerts they have at Universal Studios during their Mardi Gras Season. I'm also not going to be reviewing the new Harry Potter Island as we have not been yet. I don't do the Parks in the summer because we live here and I don't tolerate the heat, rain, or tourists. We can go anytime we want, so I'll wait until later in the fall to check out Harry Potter, I'll do another review once we've been. The Park is not set up in complete chaos as I've seen from other reviews, it goes in a circular pattern from "Island" to "Island." This Park is themed amazingly from the second you enter through the gates. There's just so much to take it. I can still remember my very first visit when all I could say to everything was, "Wow!" But, you become immune to it after you've been countless times. I'll start with the Island to the left & make my way around as we always head that way first. This is the Marvel Super Hero Island where you'll find The Hulk and Spider-man. Two amazing rides! I absolutely can't get enough of The Hulk, in my opinion, it's one of the best coasters ever.. I love the launch through the tunnel & then the zero G-Roll as soon as you come out of the tunnel You also must not miss riding Spider-man - it's pretty amazing; also, while on the ride, look for a movie marquee with a phone number posted - try your best to remember the number and then when you get off the ride, give it a call, it's a real phone number & it's good for a laugh. You'll also find the Storm Force attraction here, which is good for the little ones; Basically, it's the same as the Tea Cups at Disney, just painted differently - total same concept. The final attraction on this Island is Dr. Doom - it takes you 150 feet up in the air and then drops you. Different employees have told me they are the ones who actually push the button for it to drop & they like to mess w/ people, so sometime they'll have it drop immediately & other times they'll leave you up there for a while waiting & waiting for "the drop" to come. I'm interested to see what IOA is going to do with the Marvel Comic themed Island because Disney just recently bought the rights to Marvel Comics. Universal is either going to have to start paying some outlandish fees to Disney to keep the rides as they are, or they are going to have to repaint, change names of rides, change the "movie" which accompanies Spider-man, and re-theme the Island. Then again, for all I know, Disney may not even give them the opportunity to pay royalties to keep the rides & current theme b/c I have heard Disney is about to slowly but surely begin incorporating Marvel Comics into their Parks. As of now, it's all hearsay as to what will happen.. I just know for a fact Disney now owns Marvel Comics. But, back to the review. The next Island you'll come upon is Toon Lagoon. This is a good area for kids & this is where you'll find the water rides. Let me tell you, if you decide to partake in the water rides, you will not get wet.. no, no, no... you WILL get SOAKED! This can be especially nice on a very hot day in the summer, but to some (like me) it can be annoying to be that wet no matter what part of the year it is. I see people on these rides in the winter & it just amazes me - all I can think to myself is they truly must not realize how drenched they will get! You have been warned! The next Island you come to is Jurassic Park Island. You actually feel as if you are walking into Jurassic Park itself. Take a moment & look beneath your feet at the imprints of the dinosaurs footprints in the cement. It's pretty cool. The best ride here, is, of course, Jurassic Park. You take a nice little boat ride w/ the themed music from the movie & as the gates open, you'll swear you truly are entering the gates at Jurassic Park. Beware of the animated dinosaurs, a good many of them will spit water on you! :) Then at the end there's the 80 foot drop to the bottom accompanied by the HUGE splash at the end. If you don't want to get soaked on this one, I recommend you sit in the middle of the boat and don't sit on the outside - stay as close to the middle as you can & you should come out with just a few drops on you. They also have a "Slash Zone" near the drop area & both kids and adults alike love to stand in this area because every time a boat drops, they get drenched. I have seen so many kids standing and playing in this area in their bathing suits (my own daughters included) & they have a ton of fun. I've now run out of characters, so I'll add another review tomorrow to finish :)
As good as it gets in the theme park universe. I love how each area of the park fits to a certain theme, and you can really immerse yourself in the area. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is worth the price of admission alone. Harry Potter's Forbidden Journey is hand's down the best ride I have been on ever, good for the entire family. Ollivanders Wand Shop is a nice, fun, and short show that leads you right into the gift shop, but worth a visit. Just the entire area transports you to another universe as this area is surely the highlight of the entire park. The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man is the main competitor for the Harry Potter ride, because it is equally a really fun attraction. Then of course is The Incredible Hulk which is the grand-pooba of roller coasters, and a must for roller coaster aficionados. Of course their is also the Dr. Seuss area, which is great for younger children. Some areas of the park are a bit out of date and could use an upgrade like the Toon Lagoon area and the Lost Continent. Despite that, the atmosphere here is really a sight to see. Even if you only get to go on a few attractions, the visual ascetics of park are truly stunning. As someone who isn't a fan of roller-coasters, I can tell you their is plenty to do here even if you don't go on those fast rides. The two major downsides to Islands of Adventure are what they are for most theme parks: the price and the lines! The pricing of any theme park is always a massive downside in that it always costs way too much. Yes, Islands of Adventure is on the pricy end of the scale for theme parks, but you get what you pay for. The lines here, depending on when you come, can be massive. Most of your day you won't be spending on walking around, but rather waiting in a line. The single rider is always a good option to speed up your time in a queue, but even then expect to be waiting around for a while. All the other rides and attractions are negotiable, but for Harry Potter, The Hulk, and Spiderman, expect to be waiting at the very least an hour. One can easily spend the whole day at Islands of Adventure. My only suggestion if you do that is eat a big breakfast before you go to the park, because prices for food inside can run you into the poorhouse. Suggestions * Eat before you come to the park * Come on an off-day (not weekends) to avoid crowds * Check weather before you come * Wear comfortable clothing and shoes, lots of walking * If FL Resident, check for FL Resident deal days
First, I'm shocked at the high amount of five star reviews. Maybe people haven't experience other, better, theme parks? Let me proceed with my review so you can understand my low rating: Pros: - Harry Potter. Very cool section of the park. Tiny but I had been warned ahead of time. Jurassic Park was fun too. I like the Superhero section, but it was more shops than rides. Dr. Seuss was bright and cute. - Overall I thought the park did a good job of decorating to keep with themes. I may be a Disney snob, but I definitely was impressed by the level of detail Universal put into their theme'd areas.  All of the sections had a lot of detail put into them. Cons: - Price gouging everywhere! You can't ride the rides with a bag, so you have to get a locker. The first 25 minutes are free, after that... cha ching! But what ride has a less than 25 minute wait? None in HP land, 99% of the time.  My friend checked her bag (which was completely flat and could easily fit under her shirt if we had just known what we were going to be dealing with) and after going on a couple of rides, had to pay $12 for her locker.  That was for maybe 2 hours? How is it that other theme parks can have cubby's at the ride entrance for people to place their things, or even pockets in the front seat of your car? But no, Universal wants those locker funds. - With the lockers comes lines for them. The lines to get a locker could be 15-30 minutes depending on the ride. Then you get to get in line for the ride itself... - Or, you could pay more money for a 'Express' pass! Much like a fast pass at Disneyland, but not included in your ticket cost.  And it doesn't work on all of the big rides (unlike Disney where the fast pass doesn't work on all of the little rides). - The shops at HPW were so tiny and such a fire hazard.  I actually couldn't spend money if I wanted to because it was so hard to get to anything in the shops.  They were jam packed and then, the prices were astronomical. - My fish and chips came with maybe 3 chips. Awesome. Lunch for two people was over $30 for one main meal item and a drink. - And finally, lack of caring from the staff. Just an example: Single rider'd our way onto Spiderman that had a 45 minute wait in the regular line. When on it, two of our screens (out of maybe 6 or 7 total?) didn't work, our friend got on a car after us and said half of them didn't work. When she said something to the employees after, they were rude and indifferent. I can only imagine having waited in line for 45 minutes to have the ride only halfway work. So yes, I came here focused on Harry Potter.  I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the park was. Having grown up with Great America and watched it's decline, it was nice to see a non-Disney park in nice shape.  As the day progressed, I became more and more disappointed by the business practices of the park.  I'll go back, one day when they expand Harry Potter. Maybe. Ok, well probably not.
Universal is already a magical place. What makes it more magical is the Express Pass! Trust me, I highly recommend paying extra for it - especially if you are there on a busy day. The park is clean, full of cheery people, and the staff is always so helpful with any questions you might have. The rides are definitely a fun time, and it's a great place to experience some thrill and action compared to Disney. I wouldn't recommend getting the food and drink pass unless you have a big family group with you, since most of your time will be spent walking around and enjoying the park instead of eating. Prepare for a long, fun filled day which will be sure to leave you exhausted at the end! Also, bring some sanitizer with you. You never know who's been sitting in those rides. ;)
I write this as an middle aged adult who did not want to go to any roller coasters . The extra cost for better parking is ridiculously far to walk to the park from. I mean at least a mile. The park itself was perfect in viewing pleasure. No expense was spared for the the visitor's viewing pleasure to be completely immersed with the area that it is representing .. such as: The Dr. Seuss area was amazing to look at. It looked straight out of the book. I really enjoyed the visual pleasure of walking through it. (I have no kids.) The Harry Potter are is amazing. It looks like the movie was filmed there. It is beautiful. CROWDED but beautiful. You can join the long line to get a butter beer and the Harry Potter ride is easily the best one in this side of the park. We should have done this ride last because everything else was a downfall after that. The 50's looking town was really cool to walk through. I had fun but I don't think I will be back with the prices as they are. Lets go back to the word expense....  The cost of entering these parks are ridiculous I mean I can see where all of it goes but WOW.  I just wasn't expecting it. Tech: Besides your ticket in the park, everyone scans their finger to get in.  Fingerprint scans associated to your ticket so if you lose your ticket you can easily get a new one.   The lockers are free at the rides which is refreshing and these use your fingerprint also.. to open and close. It is works as in there is a central location in the lockers where you follow the prompts on the screen and then put your finger up to scan. Make sure to wipe your finger off so nothing is on it when you put your finger up to scan. There was always one person that was having an issue that was holding up the line of where you would put your fingerprint into to get your stuff. The flash pass is a great idea. So tempting when it is either stand for a couple hours or just go to the front of the line and  wait 10 to 15 minutes tops.  So as expensive as it was we still did it. No WAY could I stand in those lines that long. TLDR: All and all it was a great experience but know it is going to cost you serious cash to go these 2 parks. There is a lot to see and do. The environment is saturated to bring you into the place they are trying to project. Fingerprint scans for entrance and  lockers for items for rides.
Amazing! So many rides to choose from and on top of that so many different TYPES of rides to choose from. I love the fact that it's open late on weekends (9pm). In my opinion the best rides are: Forbidden Journey, Jurassic Park, and Doctor Doom's Fearfall. I wish the Fearfall ride wasn't so quick tho, it's really just one big drop and then it slowly brings you back to the group. However, that first drop is terrifying and so much fun A word of advice: The water rides will really get you wet, especially The Dudley Do Right ride, Popeye Ride, and the Jurassic Park ride. But out of all 3, The Dudley Do Right Ride will get you literally DRENCHED! (I learned that the hard way)
Da Hulk, and Harry, Great combo
I went here specifically for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. I had a lot of fun, though I actually thought it'd be a little bigger. The ride in Hogwarts castle was probably my favorite! Also, I'd probably skip buying the souvenir mugs the butterbeer comes in - we haven't even had ours for 6 months and both have already cracked. Overall, I loved the different themes and rides. I can't wait to visit again!
Now this is a park that's done right!  Lots of roller coasters and thrill rides!  I am personally an annual passholder (breathes on hand and rubs on shirt).  This is one of my favorite theme parks in the greater Orlando area.  Has fun for everyone and some decent dining choices!  Need some tips? I have um!  Drop me a line and I'll let ya know! (cant let everyone in on the secrets!)
Marvel Theme Park ...Check Harry Potter Theme Park....Check Dinosaurs in Jurassic Park....Check It's a geek paradise, go in the off season and enjoy yourself in shorter lines and significantly more temperate weather.     It's a great time for adults and kids over 48 inches.    The Dr. Suess land is a hidden fun gem you might skip over if you don't have kids but my wife and i had a great time in the if I owned a zoo area.
This is obviously Universal Studios - hipper, cooler more updated version. Don't even waste your time at Universal Studios. Come straight to Islands of Adventure. It's awesome.
Short on time? Here is a list of MUST SEE Attractions while you're here: (Not in a specific order) 1. The Incredible Hulk Coaster- You start off going fast and just when you think the ride is over, wooosh...it's not. 2. The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man- Awesome high tech 3-D thrill ride. 3. Popeye & Bluto's Bilge-Rat Barges- You may get slightly wet or soaking wet. If you'd like to stay dry, but still want to experience this ride, wear a waterproof poncho. Buy one from your local dollar store and pack it into your luggage. 4. Jurassic Park River Adventure- Water water everywhere! If you don't want to get soaked, wear a waterproof poncho for this ride too. 5. Doctor Doom's Fearfall- You'll rocket 150 feet into the air and then down you go. 6. Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey- Visit the classrooms and corridors of Hogwarts. Then soar above the castle and come face-to-face with some magical creatures. The Express Plus Pass is NOT available for this ride. 7. Dragon Challenge- There are two dragons: an aggressive Chinese Fireball (red) and a ferocious Hungarian Horntail (blue). Each dragon is a completely different ride. No matter which one you decide to choose, you'll be blown away. {My Fave Show} Mat Hoffman's Aggro Circus {Good Eats} Three Broomsticks {Notes} Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey and Pteranodon Flyers do NOT accept the Express Plus Pass. Adults can only ride Pteranodon Flyers if you are with a child. An Express Plus Pass allows you to skip the regular lines for rides and shows. If you are staying at a Universal On-Site Hotel, the Express Plus Pass is complimentary. If you are not staying at an On-site Hotel, I strongly suggest purchasing one. You will have to pay a bit more in addition to your park entrance pass, but it's worth it. It gets HOT in Orlando. Walk through the souvenir shops, even if you are not going to purcahse something. It's nice and cool in there! Also, pack an empty water bottle with you and fill it up at the water fountains. This way you won't have to fork out $3 for a bottle of water at the parks. If you are planning on filling your water bottles at the soda machines at the restaurants, employees have started to stop us from doing so. Loose articles are not permitted on certain rides (ie. The Incredible Hulk Coaster, Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, Dragon Challenge). There are free lockers available during a visit to these 3 rides only. However, the lockers are timed and you are given about 35-40 mins worth of FREE time. After the time runs out, you will have to pay what the machine asks for in order to retrieve your belongings. Have a blast Muggles!
For the phenomenon that Harry Potter is this is a lame adaptation! The rides are great but if you don't want to go on the forbidden journey, your not getting in the castle. Zero attention to detail! Ollivander's is in Diagon alley NOT Hogsmead. If Disney did this it would be FLAWLESS. Now I know why DCA is going to do the world of Avatar. Universal takes shortcuts! It was so small and crowded don't think about shopping. Oh and no stamps at the owlry!!! While I'm at it how about selling BOTH of Bellatrix's wands. They only carry her last wand not the crooked one taken by Hermione. One good I can say is that the pumpkin juice and butter beer is good and there is fast service at the hogshead.
Problem 1) I had to wait a 1/2 hour JUST TO BUY MY TICKET! I don't mind waiting in lines at rides, but you should never have to wait in a line to GIVE SOMEONE MONEY. It is just a principle. They could have opened up more windows. I get to the window only to find that the Florida Resident Discount is only available online. Thank God for IPhones. Problem 2) Is part of their "we're not Disney" theme that all their employees have to have attitude? No one is happy. No one is smiling. Problem 3) THEY CHARGE FOR FAST PASS! If Disney can make it work for free, why the F#$% can't you? Paying to get to the front of the line is wrong. By the way, it is also expensive. Problem 4) All the advertising I have seen for Harry Potter World said "Spring 2010". It even says so on the map. Guess what? It's not opening till June. The first day of SUMMER is in June. Get your seasons right. The rides themselves are pretty neat. But they seem stuck in the middle to me. They aren't Disney and they aren't Cedar Point. If you want real coasters, go to a coaster park (like Cedar Point). If you want themed rides, go to Disney. This places strikes me as PG13. Made for tweens too big for the kiddie rides but to chicken for the real ones.
I like this amusement park the most. First it's new so the rides and attractions are more advanced. But the huge slant towards superheroes was what got me. I love X-Men and spider-man they had a whole section dedicated to them. My favorite ride by far was the 4-d Spider-man ride. I'm a grown adult and I must say I was thrilled by this ride.
Okay, this place has a few rides that are pretty good (still not better than the 2 rides Sea World has) but overall, I was pretty unimpressed. The lines are long and the wait takes forever because they don't have enough cars running on their rides. There often weren't enough employees manning the rides and when there were, those multiple employees were all in one spot, clumped together and having their own good time. Overall- Skip the Poseidon show... yes, it's a show but they try to make it look like some big cool ride. Don't be tricked. It's the worst show/ ride I've ever been on and those same sentiments were echoed by the rest of my fellow tourists. Hulk is pretty good but it's kind of a free for all for the lines. I think they want you to cut in line and jump over the bars because there are no employees on the line side of the attraction to tell you where to stand or when to go. Dr. Doom was great. I was genuinely scared when I was first waiting for the ride to start... and that's the way I like it. I enjoyed it so much that I rode it twice. Jurassic Park was once my fave ride, and though that's no longer true, it's still pretty good and I'm sure it's a crowd pleaser on a hot day. Dueling Dragons- Totally rockin'! The blue one is better, in my opinion. You get a much better view and it just felt like a wilder ride than the red one. Though both are cool. The Dr. Suess area was cute but defo for kids only, there's nothing there even mildly entertaining for adults but I did appreciate that the people dressed up like Whoville residents were really in to doing their job. Coming Soon- Harry Potter... all bets are off when they finish this thing. Not that I could give two magic craps about HP, but the castle is almost done, it looks amazing, and they are keeping this thing WAY under cover. It's supposed to have brand spanking new technology, never used before, anywhere.
What an awesome theme park.  My husband and I were blown away by how big it was and how much there was to see and do.  We skipped the Dr. Seuss part (we don't have kids) and started off in the "Lost Continent" which I thought would be lame since it is not really based on any particular movie and doesn't have any of the newer, cooler rides. But it was actually really fun; all the shops and restaurants were cool to look at. And we had a blast at the Sinbad live action stunt show. That was surprisingly entertaining. And the Poseidon's Fury special effects show was probably my favorite ride in the whole park because you walked thru it so you really felt a part of the experience. Harry Potter of course is the best section the theme park, see my separate review on that. But I also had a lot of fun in the Jurassic Park area as well. I got a big kick of all the interactive exhibits at the Discovery Center. They have it set up as if dinosaurs are really alive and well and there is a lot more to see there then you realize at first.  So fun! The River Adventure ride was also really fun but be warned that the drop at the end is a lot steeper than they lead you to believe.  My stomach went up into my throat and I was extremely shaken up by it. Some other thrill seekers much more fearless than me sitting in the front were laughing and lifting up their arms were not laughing at the end as they were tossed around since they weren't holding on properly.  Seriously, the drop is so steep that you are actually weightless for a second and then you come crashing down into the water.  After that, no more rides for me, we just walked around the other cartoon areas.  My hubby is a big comic book fan and so he really liked and the Marvel and DC characters, especially the Fantastic Four and X-men. I liked the more old fashioned ones like Little Orphan Annie, Popeye, and Calvin and Hobbs.  We did return the next day to go on the Spider Man ride.  That one was pretty intense since it combines roller coaster like motions with a huge 3-D screen. I was really impressed that all the bathrooms in the park were pretty clean.  The landscaping and decor were all kept up nicely.  Everything seemed very well cared for. They also had a ton of really cool merchandise for sale. There were a few toys I had seen before but the t-shirts and other items were mostly unique stuff you can't get anywhere else. Of course, it was overpriced but that was expected. Really, the only thing that kept them from five stars was the quality of the restaurants. I did not eat a good meal the whole time we were there.  On the plus side, they do let you bring in your own water bottles and snacks in your bag.
It rained this morning and I wasn't going to go, but changed my mind at the last minute. I'm glad I did because I had a blast today at Universal Studios Islands of Adventure.   I'm a big Harry Potter fan, so I had to make a pilgrimage to the Hogwarts and Hogmeade. Harry Potter is the main attraction here, so expect it to be more crowded than the other rides. I was so happy  that I only had to wait 5 minutes at all the rides in this park. The rain probably discouraged most people from going, but it only rained until 10:30 in the morning. I'm so grateful because I was able to get on the rides numerous times. I lost count after 8 rides!  As a single rider, I was able to get to the front most of the time. It was fantastic! Now for my review of the Island of Adventure Park: THE WIZARDING WORLD OF HARRY POTTER  - There are 3 rides in this section and I rode them all! (More detailed information on the rides later)   They did an amazing job recreating the castle and the village. I love the stores and even bought my very own Harry Potter scarf and Hogwart's journal (to write down my magical spells, potions and wishes of course!) There are tons of places to eat here, but I ended up noshing at Hog's Head Pub which I will review later. MARVEL SUPER HERO ISLAND -  Three rides that stands out here are the Incredible Hulk Roller Coaster, Spider-Man and Doctor Doom's Fear Fall. Doctor Doom was definitely a panty dropper and I almost lost my lunch at the Roller Coaster. The Spidey Ride? I love the ride. It was similar to Harry Potter. Even though it was in 3D, Harry's was better.   Avoid Storm Force Acceleration. If you stand in the middle of your room and spin, you'll have the same effect. Dizzy. SEUSS LANDING - This is mostly kiddie rides. I was almost embarrassed to ride some of them, but tried them because there were no lines. The High in the Sky Seuss Trolley Train Ride was fun and so was the the Caro-Seuss-el. The One Fish, Two, Fish ride was also quite amusing. Be sure to get your pictures taken with Cat in the Hat, The Grinch and the other Dr. Seuss Characters. They hang out at the restaurant. JURASSIC PARK - This is probably the biggest disappointment. The only part of the park where they charge for lockers. Needless to say, I was not amused! $3 to store your bag while the other parks are free. Be prepared to get wet at the Jurassic Park River Adventure because the animatronic dinosaurs spits at you. You also land in the water, so you'll get water splashes. I wasn't able to get on Pteranodon Flyers because they won't let you on unless you are riding with a small child. It's really dumb. Avoid, so you don't waste your time waiting in line.   THE LOST CONTINENT - I'm a fan of Greek Mythology, so I actually enjoyed this one. They don't have any rides, just shows. They have Poseidon's Fury and Mystic Fountain (This one spits at you too, so you'll get wet!) I'm giving this 5 stars because I enjoyed the park with no lines (see my pictures) I would never come here when it's super busy though or when it's super hot.
Love the parks. As an Orlando native, I get frustrated waiting in long lines for rides, so I prefer to go in the off seasons.
Quick Tips: First off, do some research about ways to "do it right" at Islands of Adventure.  Get there early, around 8:10AM.  Go to the center gates (they open right before the park does)  Go straight to Harry Potter Forbidden Journey  Don't take a bag, get in the No Bag line  Get Butterbeer at HogsMead, not at the carts outside  Etc. Now some other tips/suggestions not many people are talking about:    If you wanna sit/chill out, the best place to go is the Amber Mines and the Rope Fort in the Jurassic Park Discovery Zone. The Ropes Fort thing is rad, esp if it's a sunny day. And there're water guns and misters to play around in.  Dr Suess' Bookstore is also a good place to just sit and hang out. The cafeteria thing in Suess Land is a good place to meet the characters, we wandered in at around noon on a Thursday, and just walked up to most of the characters to get our pictures taken. Super easy.    Take a break from 12PM - 3PM, walk out through City Walk and go chill at Hard Rock's pool, get lunch, etc. Or take a picnic lunch and eat back out in the parking lot, or find some grassy area. The park is way too busy/hot/crowded/etc mid-day. And a break is good.  Single Rider lines are smart later in the day, if you've already done it once together. I sat out, and my girl just zoomed through the lines, for another go.  Best Rides: Forbidden Journey, Dragon Challenge, Hulk, RipSaw Falls, Jurassic Park River Adventure, Dr Doom. And again, hang out in the JP Amber Mines/Rope Fort. Enjoy!
one is never too old to be a kid...ever! we decided last minute that we would drive up to orlando to see the new wizarding world of harry potter and to try the ever so famous BUTTERBEER. this was the sole purpose of the trip...i'm not kidding! the stars must have been aligned because there were no lines anywhere. we purchased our tickets quickly and the rides were no more than 10 minutes of wait time. the weather was pretty awesome too. now, the most important part: the BUTTERBEER! it was awesome. the whipped butterscotch tasted sooooo good! it was a fun day in islands of adventure...indeed it was! oh! and i don't think i can ride dr. dooms fearfall anymore...i thought my heart was going to leave my chest. is this a sign that i'm getting old???!!!
Islands of Adventure is the Orlando park with the most grown-up big roller coasters in the area. Busch Gardens in Tampa has some bigger coasters but involves a 45min - 1 hour drive if you're staying in the Orlando area. IOA, Universal Studios and Citywalk are within very close walking distance to each other. It's a nice landscaped area encapsulating the parks, entertainment complex and 2 hotels. If you're not staying at the hotels, you will park at the gargantuan car parks - make a careful note of which floor/area you're parked in or it could be a long walk to find your car at the end of the day! You can walk to the parks from the car park, unlike Disney where you frequently have to catch a trolley to and from the car parks. Between the Universal parks, Universal Studios has more of the experience rides while IOA has more of the throw you around rides! Both parks need a whole day each if you want to get onto every ride at each park and to go to all the shows. IOA is divided into several themed lands around a lake - you can catch a boat across the lake as a shortcut but for a first time visitor, I would recommend walking round all the lands to get a flavour of the various lands. The theming was generally very good, up to Disney standards, who set the gold standard for theming. My favourite land for theming is Marvel Superhero Land where there are superhero and supervillain characters wandering round. The big coasters are the Hulk, a launched inverted coaster which throws you through loops and twists over the lake and Fire & Ice, a duelling coaster. Both offer great rides for the adrenaline junkies. A very nice touch is the provision of free lockers near the rides for riders to store loose articles, unlike other parks who make you pay to store items near rides where you have to store items. The cleverest ride is the Spiderman ride which combines a moving car, 3D effects and other technical wizardry for a first class experience. Be sure to read the comic stories on the wall for the back story to the ride. However, my favourite ride is the Bilge Barge Rats, where you get absolutely drenched. Guaranteed. Every time. I haven't been on a ride anywhere else in the world where you get as wet. Awesome! The shows are also good and worth watching - here Universal show their slightly more anarchic side compared to Disney and poke gentle fun at their closest competitors. Food is the usual park fare with price ranges to suit every pocket. I've also been during Halloween when the park is transformed into a ghoulish nightmare town with actors carrying chainsaws etc running around, huge bubble walls dividing some of the lands etc. Well worth the extra admission fee. It's the park to come to if you want to try some bigger coasters but for a teenage/mixed family group, Universal still probably the better park. What IOA could do with is a new coaster to boost their ride complement.
Everyone going wants to see Harry Potter.  They should issue everyone entering the park an entry time for Harry Potter. Universal has significant problems operating the park, such as having enough ticket booths to get everyone in, and managing the crowds in a sensible, Disney like manner. If you want to see Harry Potter, enter at the earliest opening time and go directly to Harry.  We attended during a holiday week, and never got to ride the Forbidden Journey.
I'm by no means a Harry Potter Fan (my niece Michelle is a hardcore fan in stark contrast) but this had to be my favorite island in the park. Notably, if you were to cut me open, you would find pints of Butter Beer flowing through my veins. I am on an official hunt for a this recipe at the moment so I can recreate it's sugary goodness at home. Here's what I've found so far: associatedcontent.com/ar… Harry Potter & the Forbidden Journey was by far my favorite ride here! I think I have whiplash now but it was totally worth it.  My younger niece Mylee is anti-Harry Potter (mainly to annoy her older sister) and when Michelle got all excited about seeing Dumbledore when waiting to get on the ride, she goes, "Isn't he dead now?" Fight ensues ;) Other picks: -The Incredible Hulk ride -Jurassic Park -Poseidon's Fury -Dueling Dragons -Spider Man ride On a foodie note, my sis-in-law bought one of those $19.99 Meal Deals that allows you the option to eat as much as you want at select dining venues inside the park. Not sure if it's worth the $19.99 price tag especially if you're there more for the rides than anything, which we were. We did partake in some fantastic Fish & Chips at Three Broomsticks later in the day and not part of the Meal Deal mind you. Did I mention that that we got caught in the pouring rain through the duration of our visit? Didn't matter, we still had fun. When we walked into one of the stores, one of the funny cashiers that rung me up goes, "Uh, I'm not sure how I feel about those ponchos but at least you're buying Universal t-shirts from us" as she surveyed the Disney Parks logo on our jackets ;) Haha!
This park was already my favorites as far as roller coasters back when I came in 1999..... but now that Harry Potter land is here.... OMFG this theme park destroys all theme parks!!! :)
I came here solely for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. I know I'm a dork but at least I didn't waste my time reading the books.  Books schnooks!  Just watch the movie and get on the ride!   So the rip off here is they strategically split the park to build Harry Potter world.  You have to pay another $30 for access to both parks or like me, just 1 ticket to get into Universal's Islands of Adventure.  I bet Universal Studios Florida has been empty since this new attraction opened this summer (June 2010). Once you get in, there will probably be a wait.  It took us about an hour to get into HPW.  Then another 1.5 hrs for the Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride.  This ride is totally worth it.  I would've gone on it twice if it weren't for the ridiculously long wait.   You know what else is worth it, the frozen butter beer!  I found it horrid they were marketing this off to kids in plastic beer mugs.  But I quickly got over it after a tasty sip on a hot day.  It tastes like cream soda but half frozen, but not icy like 7-Eleven slurpee's.  Just get one, trust me on this.  It has a marshmallowy foam topping.  Not sure how they made it, but it's dayum good.  I crave for one.  Someone figure out how to make it or bottle and mass produce it!  You bet your ass there was a wait for this too.  I hate lines! I went in almost all the HPW stores but they were just a marketing gimmick.  Who buys a chocolate frog for it to melt in the hot FL weather?  What do you do with a fake wand or a fake owl?  I have no idea, but the stores were just a cool air conditioned break from the hot sun.
a park disney should be envious of. My second favorite park after Disneyland. went on most of the rides except for popeye which was close. everything was a 5 - 10 min line so that was a place being that i was sick my whole trip in orlando. even the rides in seuss landing were good. favorite ride by far is the hulk ride.
This review is based on The Wizarding World ONLY!   **WARNING** this review contains certain spoilers and are intended only to enhance your trip. Enjoy muggles! Get a-head start! *Rumors have it that they close the park at noon, so you should arrive at least 20 minutes before the park actually opens (approx: 8:30am). They will make you take the long way to get to the park unless you're a resort member, but as the old sayin' goes "early bird gets the worm" Rides *GO TO THE CASTLE FIRST! There's a ride inside called the Forbidden Journey and you will fly with Harry Potter.  *WARNING*: If you get motion-sickness I would take something before you hop-on.  *Ladies: Do not wear a dress or a skirt as there is a lot of movement on this ride and your photo will be taken.  We wouldn't want to flash the world after-all *The Forbidden Journey Ride is SO AWESOME! But I would warn youngin's (age 10 and under) from ridding it as they make certain scenes from the movie quite realistic.  It's a FAST and dark ride. *Wait time can be as long as 2 hours. Food *Three Broomsticks is popular fills up FAST! So, if you don't mind eating lunch a tad early (we went in at 10:30) you won't have to wait. *Entrees: Fish and chips is a good deal, and the chicken/ribs combo is a steal for park food as well (comes with corn on the cob and slaw, methinks ) Butterbeer *Butterbeer: So, after asking virtually everyone who worked at the park about the "free unlimited butterbeer" there is no such thing.  What you can do instead is get an unlimited butterbeer glass for $9, methinks, and get refills of butterbeer for $3/$4 or any fountain drink for $1. *Slush vs. Regular: Personally I like the regular, because the slush will give you a brain freeze almost instantly and costs $1 more. *Hogsmead: Attached to the 3 Broomsticks is the butterbeer bar.  You can wait 20+ minutes at the butterbeer cart or you can wait a few minutes in the bar. The Shops: Olivanders Wand Shop, HoneyDukes, Zonko's Joke Shop *Olivanders: They only allow 20 people enter the brief 7 minute show at a time so be prepared to wait a LONG time. I waited 1.5 hours.  They will pick a cute kid at the front to assist in the demonstration, but only one.  Parents be warned! Pray that it's not your kid because you will basically be forced to fork over $30 for the wand. *HoneyDukes: Chocolate frogs and Everyflavor Jelly Beans are $10. *Zonko's Joke Shop: Basic Joke Shop
I can't stand this place. First of all, it's $95 per person to get in and when you get to the front of the ticket line, they try to upsell you to a park hopper or a line-cutting ticket. I'm from Los Angeles so I have no use for a park hopper to the fake backlot BS and it's a good thing we didn't buy the line-jump ticket because not a single ride had a line longer than 15 minutes. Most of the rides are either massive head-spinners that are just a little too long and will induce nausea, or water rides that you can't just ride and maybe get a little wet - you will be 100% soaked on all of these rides. I saw many people walking around the park completely drenched. The Jurassic Park ride was super boring - short and slow. The Spider Man ride was pretty sweet, though, and interesting -- +1 star for that. I was able to go on every ride except the flume and the river rapids ones (both super wet so I skipped them) within 3 1/2  hours. Great, right? Not $95 great.
This place knocks the socks off any theme park I have been to in terms of thrill rides. Spider-Man, the Incredible Hulk, these are the stuff of legends (well, comic book legends). Of all parks (Epcot excepting) it seems to have a more "adult" feel to it. Maybe it has to do with the overall comic book theme - they were doing comic book before it was all trendy n' stuff.  And of course it being Universal there is a City-Walk right outside so you can get a hand-stamp, go outside and get wasted away again in Margaritaville right around the corner and head back to ride all the rides. I have to knock it down one star though because they really haven't updated it in many years - come on guys, when Spidey and Hulk came out they were cutting edge...where's my new thrill??
Love the Wizzarding World of Harry Potter, Hulk roller coaster, Dueling Dragons  but my favorite is the Spiderman ride. It is awesome! Even if you don't like amusement park rides, Harry Potter area is fun to just walk around and don't forget the butter beer - I wish they bottled that stuff and sold it regularly; think frozen liquefied butter scotch! Another part of the park that's fun to just walk around is the Dr. Seuss area.
If you aren't a kid at heart keep on walking, this is not the place for you. For the rest of us who know how to have a good time, this is just as magical as (you know where). Walk in and mysterious music greets you at the Port of Entry. Plenty of shopping and bites right there, but if you keep on walking you enter the main area where you have to either left or right to continue on your journey. Either way Islands is circular and you will at the end of the day end up here anyway. For the sake of some fun, lets go right towards Seuss landing. Whether you loved Dr Seuss or not, this is a wonderful Isle based on his stories and illustrations. The Lorax stands in the middle of the landing observing all passersby. Fantastic and fun for kids of all ages, there is not one straight line on a building or in the vegetation here. Even the palm trees are crooked. I read that after Andrew the people from Universal scoured Florida for naturally twisted trees. Cool! Continue to the Lost Continent that brings to mind mystical and fantastic worlds of the imagination. The Eighth Voyage of Simbad Stunt show is great with the live action and Poseidon's Fury is pretty darn cool too. The Dueling Dragons were part of the lost continent but I believe that they will be part of the new Warding world of Harry Potter as the Dragon Challenge. As WWHP isn't open yet, I am not sure. Either way the Dragons are among my favorite roller coaster(s) still. Next on your walk is Harry Potter but alas! It is not open yet. You can see Hogwarts towering over the Dueling Dragons and the park. Opens June 18. Can't wait. Moving along you hit Jurassic Park with a great restaurant, shop and a couple of rides including the River Adventure, it is really cool, there is however a drop that can surprise the faint of heart. After that you hit Toon Lagoon that is dedicated to the Sunday funnies, kind of cute but we end up rushing through to hit Marvel Super Hero Island. Yes! Aside from the very cool Spider Man ride and Dr. Doom (I still refuse to try this one) sits a coaster quite special to me - The Hulk! What a great coaster. No matter what Islands of Adventure really is a great park for everyone!
Universal Studios is two parks.  We visited the Islands of Adventure primarily to see the Harry Potter section as we are huge fans.  My family consists of a third grader and fifth grader and my husband which is relevant because we don't like the really really intense rides some of which my youngest is not tall enough for anyway.  This was a $500 plus field trip away from Disney for one day and was worth it.  Here's why. We took a taxi (Meers Yellow Cab or Checker Cab) from our resort which was $70 round trip - it's about 12 miles away.  We arrived before the doors opened to purchase our tickets day of.  We were here this January 2012 and the hours were from 9am to 7pm.  The crowds at Disney all week were very light and I am guessing this crowd was considered light as well. Now my girlfriend told me everyone runs to Harry Potter as soon as the doors open so go do the other stuff first and then do Harry Potter.  And she was right, we had the Marvel Comics area and Jurassic Park area to ourselves.  We rode Spiderman twice in row, just walked on.  Sit in the front for the better experience unless you have kids who get a little scared.  This is a 4 Day ride that can be a little jerkey and villians jump out at you.  We loved it. Alas the stores and restaurants were not opening until 10 am so we moved on to Jurassic Park.   We walked on to Jurassic Park which we really enjoyed as well.  We walked right onto the Pterandon Flyers.  This is a hanging ride where you sit in a swing or tram like seat.  It's designed for kids but parents can go with your kids.  It is a short ride so while we enjoyed it, later in the day we saw a 45 minute wait for this and I don't think it was worth that. Immediately underneath this ride is my second favorite area of this Park - the Amber Mines.  The kids ran around getting lost in these spooky misty dark caves playing hide and seek.  I wouldn't let toddlers in here alone but when we returned later in the day, our 3rd and 5th grader ran around for an hour entertaining themselves while we sat on a bench.  This is more a play area so there is no line to get into it. The Discovery Center in Jurassic was not open until 10am but when we revisited later in the day, my fifth grader especially loved it.  It is museum like with interactive learning games.  There are several full scale dinosaur skeletons and info on DNA. Unfortunately for us, after one hour of Marvel Comics and Jurassic Park, I just couldn't wait any longer and had to go see Harry Potter.  The streets of Hogsmead were packed.  This was by far the most crowded area we had been in after two days at Disney.  At 10am the line for the Forbidden Journey ride in Hogwarts castle was 60 minutes.  So we walked around a bit through Hogsmead enjoying the remarkable detail of all the shops and the windows.  We rode the Hippogriff roller coaster.  An easy ride that we walked on twice in a short period of time.  At 10:15 the line went up to 75 minutes.  We grabbed a Butter Beer and Pumpkin Juice in Three Broomsticks $4.25 each, both very yummy.  I suggest going in the bar area rather than the long lines outside at the carts.  It's more fun.  But by 10:30 the line for the Forbidden Journey was at 90 minutes and fear we would not get on at all got the better of me so we got in line.  As it turned out, this was as long as the line got all day.  But we didn't know that.  And we had heard tell of 6 hour waits and we couldn't take that chance.  So we waited.  And it was worth it.  Later in the day, the lines went down to 15 minutes. It is hard to describe this intense ride.  My husband got nauseous but the rest of us loved it.  Multi-media 4D roller coaster is the best I can do.  You won't go upside down and you aren't in a car but rather a hanging seat and it is pretty herky jerky.  But it was fun, very fun.  The waiting in the castle is also fun with holograms and talking pictures and what not.   After the ride, it was time for lunch and we go to the Three Broomsticks cafeteria just in time.  Within ten minutes we were sitting down to our Grand Feast for $50 plus the cost of two Hog's Heads Beers for $7.25 each.  This is a lot of food presented on a huge platter with a large side of garden salad drenched in viniagrette dressing.  It is a whole cut up roasted chicken, a half slab of ribs, lots of too buttery vegetables, roasted potatoes and four corn on the cobs.  We didn't even finish it, but it was good and it was fun and about the same price as every other lunch we had had in Orlando.  Note: when ordering beer all adults must be present with id's. I've run out of space, suffice it to say, this park was totally worth it.  In the last hours of the day all rides had no lines, including Doctor Doom's Fearfall which is also very fun.
Love love love Universal!! My first visit here with hubby in 2008 and after years of hearing about it from him and his family I was thinking I might be setting myself up for disappointment but no, it was awesome! We were lucky enough to stay at the Double Tree hotel right at the entrance  so we didn't have to travel a long way to get to it, just as well as we were there probably 8 day's out of 14! Only downside would be the huge lines  and a couple of the day's we encountered storms so the rides closed and we sat in the line waiting for it to pass. Torture! The Hulk was probably my favourite shortly followed by the Simpsons ride but who's idea was it to get rid of Back To The Future??! Best day out in Orlando, anybody visiting would be a fool not to go.
I came here once with DH back in 2004 and wow, it's changed.  Rides here are more exciting, updated and more aggressive than Disney World. Supercrowded and challenging to navigat through a crowd in 80% humidity in addition to the the 90 plus degrees.   Rides here are awesome.   Make sure to stay hydrated and wear comfortable shoes not to mention there's a lot of walking and waiting.   Son loved the Cat in the Hat ride which was really fun. Next, we hit the Poseidon Adventure and after a long wait, we were treated to a  big cheesy production in Hollywood style but strangely entertaining in a touristy kind of way. Upon leaving, we came up upon the Harry Potter village with snow capped buildings.  This was quite a striking surprise and literally felt like we were on set.  Not being a Harry Potter fan, this should not be missed.   Don't miss the Harry Potter ride which totally rocks.  Some people say it makes them sick but it's one 4D ride that's worth checking out.  Don't be too scared off by the estimated wait times.  They were slightly shorter than what was quoted.  Everything was flowing smoothly until the locker room part which resulted in confusion.  If you're traveling with a group and some in your party don't want to wait or go on this ride, ask them to hold your stuff.  We wasted another 10 minutes trying to get our stuff in a locker.   The ride is one exciting jolt after another and can be scary for younger children.  The sensation of flying with Harry Potter on his broom stick is pretty spectacular.  It felt more like a real ride than simulation. Forget about the lame kiddie ride across the way.  It's a lame roller coaster that lasted a minute and a half with so few cars. Note: Honestly, childhood obesity is an issue in that these rides are tight.  You cant put a chubber in and bring the lap bar down.  I noticed a few miserable faces. We topped off the day with the Spiderman ride.  Our son wasn't tall enough to ride the Incredible Hulk but we'll be back when he reaches the height requirement. The water rides at this park are awesome.  Don't miss those.  We enjoyed our time so much that we came back the next day and skipped the other Universal Studios.
The last theme park on our week long amusement park extravaganza, and we were done.  Tired, hot, and over all the lines and over stimulation, we got to Islands of Adventure before it opened, and were pretty sad to see that it was still crowded.  We raced over to WWOHP, just as everyone else did, and waited 75 minutes for Forbidden Journey, which really ended up like 1 1/2 hours since the ride broke down for a while.   Was it worth it? It depends.  I find value in being able to say even if I didn't enjoy it, at least I tried it out myself.  I loved the ride, but it was really, really short.  You be the judge.  There were kids out that all geeked out in their Harry Potter robes in the 90 degree weather, and I don't think they minded the wait one bit.   Butter beer is a must!  They have kiosks all over this section, so the waits aren't too bad.  The wait times for the other coasters weren't over 45 minutes, so that's another plus. As for the rest of the park...not my thing.  I'm a bit of a coaster wuss, so I'm all good with the easy breezy coaster at the Disney parks.  Here, they look like the kind you'd mess your shorts in. No thanks. They have an express pass where you can skip the lines, but on the peak days, that can cost you up to $50 more per ticket.  Crazy! You can't even use it for the Forbidden Journey, so what's the point.   The Dr. Seuss area was pretty cool and my son really enjoyed it.   Food options are limited and of pretty poor quality.  You may have better luck just outside at Universal City Walk.  The service throughout the park wasn't that great either.   Harry Potter...5 stars. The rest....3.
My inner-teenager came out today!! It's been 7 years since I had first come to Islands of adventure and was still surprised by the intensity of the rides. My brother and I decided to spend Black Friday here, rather than shopping all day. The park opened at 9am and we were there at 9 am sharp. Parking was already filling up by the bus load. The Hulk ride obviously being first on our list had a 30 minute wait already. I get into my seat, buckle up, turn to my brother and utter the only words that would come out "I hate you right now." A mere 40 seconds later, we're walking out of the ride and I'm yelling "let's do it again!" We ended up going on it a second time, but at the end of the day before we decided to go home. The tower of doom is cool also but only for the first 5 seconds...after that it's a bit of a waste. Spiderman has REALLY long lines but the ride is pretty decent. More intense than I had remembered. If you don't need to see it....you can skip the Sinbad stunt show. It's only about 20 minutes long (too long if you ask me....and apparently you are, as you are reading MY review). The best ride has to be The Dueling Dragons. Two rollercoasters intertwined, and running simultaneously. If you're on the blue one (Ice) you literally think you'll be colliding with the red (fire). If you have the stomach, I'd say ride one right after the other...you've never had such a rush. Jurassic Park was decent....be prepared to get a little wet though. Surprisingly, the wait times weren't ridiculous (40 min for the second Hulk ride was the longest). And being Black Friday, the amount of people there was acceptable. Oh yeah, and don't forget that you'll spend more $ on parking than on food. Regular parking is $14, and my brother and I COMBINED spent about $11 for lunch and a snack. P.S. TOTALLY waiting for the Harry Potter ride to open up next year!!!
My daughter and I went to the Universal Studios Islands of Adventure on December 15 (Thursday).  I expected lengthy waits, but that wasn't the case at all.  It may be because the kids are not out of school yet.  There was still a substantial amount of people, but it wasn't to the claustrophobic level. I really enjoyed this park.  The Harry Potter theme park was impressive.  It had a lot of details that made the experience fun.
This is one interesting amusement park! It was fun and exciting but loss of one star due to the custermer service. Not naming names etc., but they were extremely rude to my mother. So on to the fun stuff first. I went for 2012 spring break, so it was pretty packed the lines were long but if you didn't mind riding separately with the people you went with you could do the single riders line which was a lot faster. One of my favorite areas in the park was the harry potter world! it was amazing the buildings and shops and the ride. The ride was super fun! you must experience to know. I also tried the butter beer and it was super sweet (butterscotch) it was almost a mix of tast of butterscotch and root-beer basically. One of the longest waits was the incredible hulk ride but it was fun. So now on to my not so great highlight of the day. So my mom originally got a ticket to go in with us but soon after entering she didn't feel. She then left immediately to hopefully get a refund. As she was trying to get a refund they were trying to explain to her how she couldn't return. She walked out of the off and a minute later she came back because she didn't get her ticket back. They originally had taken her ticket to look up, and without checking to see if the ticket was still in their hands they assumed that my mom had taken it back and lost it and come back to get another ticket. They continuously blamed her, that she had lost it, until someone in the office found the ticket on the floor and gave it back. The girl didn't even apologize for falsely accusing my mom, which was super rude! My mom not being able to accept that asked for the manager. and things were resolved. SO if you are unsure about going DO NOT buy a ticket because there are no refunds! But any who the park was fun though and its a great experience.
Nice park, but they should really expand instead of milking their customers for cash using the cut-in-line passes.  They have the money; they're just being cheap.  Ahem, excuse me...they're, um, increasing shareholder value...  Ya right.  The lines are way too long, but the rides are great.
Had a great time with my family and my cousin and aunt and uncle when we went here... even with horribly humid weather.. it was awesome
I am a comic book nerd. This is a fact. So when I come here and I see there's a spider-man ride, a hulk ride, a ride for Victor Van Doom? Well then, I just have to shake my fist and say "REED!!!!" The theme park is one of those that I fell in love with quickly, how could you not? They cater to everything you can possibly enjoy. Dr. Sues land is truly strange in every possible good way. Makes up for that terrible Cat in the Hat movie that they made. There's a Popeye ride.. I mean, a-gu-gu gu gu gu. Blow me down! What fun it was getting drenched when you're in Florida. And I don't mean by the record humidity levels in the air. Such a relief to get on a raft ride at that point. Jurassic Park area of the park is visually stunning with the a lake view in front of the Jurassic Park center. You'll feel like you're stepping into the film.. without all that Dino crap that you could potentially step in. Way better than the L.A. version. Dudley Do-right log ride.. hmm yet another water ride. I would usually complain about the number of likewise rides, but again, this is Florida and any source of water soaking is really a welcomed thing. Dueling Dragon is one of those roller coasters that was simply amazingly fun in every possible way. And back then I wasn't so much of a fan of coasters. And the best thing about that area is that it's being turned into a Harry Potter area. Now I'm going to lay it out there, as a nerd I have read and enjoyed the hell out of the books. So I'm going to have to plan a trip back to Florida some time to check this out. but clearly with this they're catering to all the nerds. And really, the park was really on the empty side when I went. I believe even on a 4th of July weekend it was really empty. Which is something to brag about. At least the crowds weren't bad to this Los Angeles native's perspective. If you're a comic nerd.. or a nerd in general for something or other, this park will more than likely you gitty. Way better than Universal Studios next door.
Great place to visit, so much to do. Plan on 2 days in each park to get 'most of it! Went on two rides in 5 hours. They charge more for the speed pass than the actual entry ticket. At least disney doesn't charge for speed passes. Ate dinner at the absolute worst eatery in the joint. It was over in the jurassic park section. The chicken sandwich I endured looked terrible and tasted just that. No lighting outside at picnic tables. Ate dinner over a cell phone flash light. Really set the mood if you know what I mean. Waited over 2 hours to get on spider man. Finally made it in to the potter exhibit. At 9 pm! You had to get a waiver and give it to someone to stamp or something so you could return at a "specific" time before 9pm. After all that garbage, the potter came thru in the end. If it wasn't for that I would have never gone back in my life!
BEST THEME PARK EVER!!!!!! The designs are a spectacular wonderment, they have the best rides -my favorite is the Spiderman ride, felt so real- AND, need I say it, Harry Potter. AMAZING. I felt like I was one of the students roaming the school, and yes, it was magical. Even the bathrooms dude, so cool...unless you like doing your business in silence, then...good luck. AND how cool is this?! They even have a "People Dryer Machine" for riders after Dudley Do-Right's Ripshaw Falls! Note that you will be completely soaked and there's no avoiding it. My advice: don't wear white.  img2.imageshack.us/img2/… TIPS: Get the Express Pass, definitely worth the money; my max wait was only 10 minutes. For the few rides that the pass doesn't cover, go on the single rider line, max wait 5 minutes!
Had a great time, especially in the Harry Potter area.  We were all enthralled.  Every employee we came across was especially nice and helpful to my son.  From now on, we'll always choose Universal parks over Disney.
Ugh. We were super excited to visit the Wizarding World of Harry Potter being HP fans, but this was lackluster -- at most. The experience itself was average... if even that. It was the first time the entire trip that I was aware that people were WORKING versus actually enjoying their stay. (Sorry, I like the illusion). The service, the staff... just about everyone that I met who worked the park had that look of disgust, frustration, or were just in a constant state of annoyance the entire time. I'm not a huge fan of rides and while I enjoy the details in each section, that leaves me with not much to actually do. Heck, I was disappointed with the HP section because the Ravenclaw stuff was all wrong. Sure, it was nice to see it and enjoy Butterbeer -- but the park itself... I wouldn't mind just skipping it altogether.
Universal has mastered the art of a la carte pricing for just about any service they can provide, from preferred parking to express passes.  If you have the money and can afford it, then you probably appreciate the extras you can get if you pay for it.   Some very good thrill rides like the Hulk roller coaster.  But as much as I enjoyed some of the rides, I thought Universal could have done a better job on improving the overall experience.  For example, the Harry Potter section provided some of the smallest lockers I have ever seen for customers to store packs, etc before going on some of the more "extreme" rides.  The annoyingly cramped locker rooms and cramped stores (one store had a sign that said occupancy limit was 148 people;  don't know if that was an official and accurate sign but it certainly felt like it was designed for that few number of people) were also designed with little thought to providing customers with a pleasant experience.  Too many bottlenecks and jostling with other visitors which detracted from the overall experience.  Maybe the designers of the Harry Potter section thought it would create a cozier ambiance but I found it to be extremely inefficient and at times incredibly annoying. In comparison, Disney runs a much more efficient and professional operation in my opinion.  While their rides may not be as thrilling as Universal's, they made up for it by making it a much more pleasant experience.  Can't give Universal Island's of Adventure more than three stars at best.
This place is simply fantastic !!!! Starting the Hulk, super well placed right at the entrance to entice the riders enthusiasm right from the get go. The Super hero, comics are is great ! The stores carry excellent stuff for the comics fan in all of us. Moving along, you jump over to Jurassic Park, in one word ... WOW !! I saw that movie about 15 years ago, and the whole concept is so fantastic, it totally deserves its own "island". Those dueling dragons, are a wonder of the world. There is dining, thrill rides, walking and a lot of fun to be had. As a yearly pass owner for several years now, I can't get enough of this place.
We don't like amusement parks.  We went here for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.  The kids loved it.  The village of Hogsmeade is charming.  You must try butter beer with the butterscotch topping.  You could skip the pumpkin juice, which tastes more like apple juice.  We managed to do the entire Wizarding World of Harry Potter in 4 1/2 hours.  We skipped the rest of the Universal Studios Islands of Adventure.  You can buy wands at the Owl Post, Dervish and Bangs, a cart near the Hogwarts Castle, and at the Universal Studios Store at the Orlando International Airport.
Two words.... DA HULK!!!  This coaster rulz!! My family and I are Disney junkies, but we always put this place on our list of fun things to do in Orlando every other time we are down that way. What I really like about this park is the wide walk ways and nicely done themes of each area of the park.  While walking around it really is like you've moved onto a different location and never ever feels like it's crowded or jam packed with people. Another great feature of this park is the food and adult beverages.  Compared to Disney, with the exception of Epcot, this place is hands down better food-wise, they have nicer offerings and more locations.  Oh and least I forget, fun themed "adult" beverages that just hit the spot after riding each of the the Dueling Dragons Roller Coasters about a half dozen times!  Combined with the heat and the humidity of central Florida, makes for some great times at the bar!  WHOOPIEE!!!  (hic) It's nice that both families, teens, and adults can find something to do here.  I also like the fact this hasn't gotten so run over by local teen groups out for a party with their posse, unlike another theme park south of this location has been hit by...Busch G*#%@ens....blah.... The park really has a nice blend between roller coasters, kiddie area, and hi-tech rides.  The Hulk, as I noted above, is my personal fav, the Dr. Seuss area is great for the youngest member in the crowd and I think even the more mature adults in the family can handle at least one go around on the 3-D Spiderman ride, it's not to be missed.  Oh and if it's really hot outside, you HAVE to ride Popeye & Bluto's Bilge-Rat Barges, you can catch a nice refreshing blast of water on this wild rapid ride!  And just as a little hint, while you are still wet head on over to the Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls log flume ride, it's a great combo! We still need to try out some of the restaurants on the "outside" of the park on Universal's "City walk" area that you pass along the way in from the parking garage, that's to another time.... and review....
This is a great place to have a great time with the family.  The prices are what you would expect and parking was not bad.  Just one of the nice things to do in Orlando.
Here it is Jan 1st - why not go again? Hopefully most are still dreaming of a hangover free FIRST and not at some amusement park? Looks like it was a good call. Not real crowded thank goodness. Refilled our  20 oz. pilsner  glasses with Blue Moon @ $ 6.75 ea. and headed toward Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit - roller coaster. Yeah, best to  filler up with suds if you think you might "go for it" and  purchase the video of ya up chuckin at 75 mph! Fun ride concept- dial in the tunes (ONLY rock n' roll  baby!)  so you get to  dig-on the music as you whip it around the course in your own stereo equipped roller coaster  chair. Now a few words of CAUTION- CAUTION CAUTION! This ride is NOT for someone with any degree of compromised  back or neck! This is a crude ride. Jerky, hard bumps  and just not the same  smoothness as Dragons  or even the Hulk- believe it or not. I was in  fear of lower back injury. Not that I have ever had a problem - but I was going to feel lucky  if I didn't after this  ride. Lynda  complained of concerns for her neck. Okay get all that old-age chit over with and  out of the way!  This is a HARD BUMP and whip it ride. Okay, we went to Dollywood at least 20 years ago and their "log ride" messed up my hip  for 3-4 months.- Did I say 20 years ago? I'm certain a roller coaster ride injury can be from an inherent design issue. Okay so we head on over to the destination  for the day-Finnegan's Bar.  (Go figure, another eatin' place for sure) Oh my, my, my, if you are going to cheat on your low carb plans, at least cheat GOOD- and then get right back on board!   Their Onion Webb is so freakin delicious!!  ($6.99) Potato straws mixed into onion slivers -  that looks like a golden crunchy bird's nest. Perhaps absence makes the heart grow fonder as it has been a good year or more since we last ate this? I don't know - don't care. I almost  suffocated due to the persistent inhalation of this appetizer. It was like we were in a race.  Only as I  came up  for air- I was washing  down with  Blue Moon & Lynder  giving it the Guinness. No good belch job on this one due to the sheer lack of air! Then the Corned beef N' Cabbage  came out. This was okay, but frankly I  like our  at home C.B. texture and seasonings better - but enjoyed their parsnips, carrots and  cabbage too. It was okay overall, but I'm glad we shared the  entree. ($11.99) Two days ago parking was - only $15.00- Ha ha!  For  Jan 1 parking is $20.00 Thank goodness we just bit the bullet on the year passes that include parking!
There is a limited amount of compliments to give to this place. For a ticket that reaches almost $100, you are MUCH better off saving up for Disney's parks (as a person who experienced Disney's Orlando parks and Universal's Islands of Adventure in one week). Good: -Wizarding World is visually jaw dropping. Very interactive, decent rides, and interesting shops. -Jurassic Park area is great. -Hulk and Spiderman were decent rollercoasters. Bad: -Wizarding World is poorly run, e.g., a ~30 second ride that has one car running (results in an incredibly long line). It is also incredibly tiny. Don't be fooled by the pictures... It's unfortunate that the one of the very few parts is incredibly limited. -Poor presentation of the majority of the park. Feels outdated, somewhat dirty, old... Even heard others comment how Disney would never find that acceptable. Turns out my partner and I were not the only ones who thought that. -The Lost Continent was hilarious for all the wrong reasons. The tour was cheesy. The show was not funny, barely entertaining, and also cheesy. -Marvel area was whatever. Dr. Doom ride was absolutely disappointing. Don't believe me? YouTube how sad the ride is in comparison to how it's advertised. -Terribly rude employees. It's like they don't care and direct that negative energy on you. -I got food poisoning from Three Broomsticks restaurant. I've frequented Disneyland (as a native Californian) and Disney World parks and have never had a bad experience. Personally knowing cast members, they state that "food poisoning" is pretty much the emphasized like crazy. To sum, the overpriced ticket is not worth the 20% of the park that is worth going to see. Go to Disney, trust me. It doesn't matter if you are 12, 16, 21, or 45, you will enjoy Disney much more. I would never come back to this park again.
Once we left the Harry Potter portion of the park, we had mostly a good time - until Dudley Do Right's water ride broke before we got on it - I don't know if I am cursed or what!  Once you leave Potterland, the rest of the park seems empty!  With the exception of DDR, we did not have to wait more than 20 minutes to ride anything else.  The Marvel Universe Island is awesome!  I loved the Dr. Doom free fall and the Hulk roller coaster.   For a nerd like me, I was in heaven.  Superheroes and wizards!   Unfortunately, a torrential downpour kept me from seeing the rest of the park, but I wouldn't mind coming back, I really enjoyed myself here.
too small - a friend and i finished it in about 3 hrs without rushing (although we didn't go on any of the water or kiddie rides). cute dr. seuss area and probably a good place to take kids and tweens in the summer b/c of the abundance of water rides. mythos restaurant is supposed to be the best in the park (according to an employee there - we didn't get a chance to try it)... harry potter coming up in 2010! universal studios much better - only go here if you have a park hopper.
Wow. What a difference between Disney, two different worlds. The waits are about the same, but the rides here are amazing. I like the towns and the rides are just thrilling and something more unique. I spent a whole day in on section of the park to hit up the best rides. *HULK *HARRY POTTER *DO WRIGHT *POP EYES Please be aware if you go on pop eyes, you will be SOAKED from HEAD to TOE. If you want to use one of those dryers that probably don't do much it's like $5.00 for a good.... 2 mins. Do pop eyes and do wright right before you leave the park or you will feel sick like me! a few days later. Overall, the park was great and had a blast. I had a chance to ride J. Park ride in the "real" way, such as it was raining -- really brought back the real.. feel to this ride lol.
The place is awesome. The rides are crazy great! Have fun. I am amazed at the imagination that goes into everything. I have been here three times and have loved it each time. I also love the Universal Studios too. Both parks are awesome. Each has there own little "FLAVA." If you like high thrill rides IOA is for you. If you like movies and everything about them, and of course the Terminator Ride (which I still think is my all time favorite ride of all time) then US is for you. Get a Hopper pass. ( Or whatever those darn things are called nowadays) Now be prepared if you are going here. It does take some planning if you want to make the most of your day and experience a lot. First rule of thumb, don't go in July or December. All deals are blacked out for certain parts of these two months and this park is very expensive.     (100 bucks more or less with tax plus parking) but if you go at other times you can get discounts if you qualify. You must make a game plan going here. Bring a water bottle to refill and come to deal with a lot of walking and long waits. Personally I don't think this place is for smaller kids since the rides are more mature. I also think disabled people will struggle. I am always surprised when I see babies and wheelchairs here but to each it's own I suppose. The parking lot itself to the gates is even a very long walk in itself. What do babies do here all day and are they free? Things that make me go Hmmmmm!  Oh well just be prepared for rude people, lots of pushing and crowds! Ya gotta get your NY on to get into any of the shops or walking through the different Islands. It can get frustrating. If you are a person that frustrates or gets mad easily I would suggest you stay away or go off season. If you do go in the summer, relax and enjoy the ride. (Pun intended)                                                                                                                   Note- single rider lines are not always fastest as others have pointed out here. It depends on the ride. On the Hulk it goes much slower than the group line. Even with only 20 people on line I waited 45 minutes. Check the park signs for estimated wait times. At HP I was told the single rider line is much faster ( we waited 90 minutes on the group line) but if you do single rider you miss the castle experience. Must have rides suggested by me if you are crunched for time are: Harry Potter- Castle (incredible), duel dragon coaster in HP world (scary),  Spiderman, ( awesome effects) Jurassic Park Coaster, (wet!), Dudley Water Splash, ( soaked) Hulk, ( FUN and not as scary as it looks with great views) Walk through of Seuss and Cartoon Town just for the sheer design and color awesomeness, shopping, and photo ops. All the attractions are great but to me those are the best things about the park. Oh yeah, don't forget to get a Butterbeer in HP world and maybe some freaking awesome Fish and Chips at the restaurant there. My only complaint is that I think these parks are just too darn big. They should consider charging less and making more smaller parks instead of a few larger ones. It would make for a better experience. Of course it's probably bad business though.
My favorite theme park... :) Favorite rides -- Men in Black, Spiderman, Simpsons, and the water rides. =D This is one of the 2 theme parks Universal Studio has in Orlando. The other original one is right next "door". To avoid parking costs and lines, go after 6pm .. parking is ~$4. You'll still have the rest of the night to play. :)
Aside from the obvious awesomeness of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, Universal Studios Islands of Adventure has some great attractions including the whimsical Dr. Seuss section, the adventurous Jurassic Park section, and the thrilling Marvel section that housed a couple roller coasters that were pretty great!
I didn't think the rides here were scary. Maybe the long waits took the anticipation away. Or maybe I just can't handle the Florida heat. It was  too hot and there isnt much shade around. I went early on a weekday but it was still very packed. I ended up going to Universal Studios only after a couple of hours. I prefer Six Flags any day.
We went over Christmas break and I have to warn you, don't waste your money trying to do the same. The line for Harry Potter was 4 hours, and once that area of the park closed, it was another 1-2 to get back in. We left for 5 minutes to run to the restroom and couldn't get back in. The lines for everything else were at least 2 hours long. My husband even tried the single rider lines on a couple of coasters I wasn't interested in, and those lines were 45-60 minute waits. We spent 4 hours in the park and didn't get to make it onto a single ride. We gave up and left. Don't waste your money with their express line pass either. On many rides, that wasn't available to bypass the long waits.
The main problem here is that it isn't Disney. I kept comparing them through out the day and Islands of Adventure repeatedly came up short. The service at this park is a one star, the workers almost seem upset that you dare bother them. And the other big  problem is the number of rides, for a park this size I would expect a lot more rides and less stores. It reminds me of a Harley dealership. 10 bikes, 8,000 sq/ft of clothing.
Great place if you are a Harry Potter fan or a Marvel Comics fan. Nice mix of movie rides, traditional park rides and water rides. Lines were not that long for most rides...maybe 20-30 minute wait. The Harry Potter rides had the longest wait (upwards of 90 minutes) but well worth it. Bring plenty of cash because everything in the park is expensive and you will be tempted   to make purchases. Be prepared to spend the whole day here for a ton of fun.
Two words: Harry Potter. Without Harry Potter, this park isn't my fave. But with the addition of Hogwarts & Hogsmeade - it's an all encompassing wonderland! They did a bang up job of recreating the village, and it was nothing short of magical to stroll through it on a misty, cloudy day. Harry Potter & the Forbidden Journey was AMAZING. Probably my favorite ride in Orlando. Totally took you through a whole host of the key Harry Potter moments - perfect for a rabid fan like me. Plus, waiting on line was downright pleasant with the incredible effects they put into the castle, from the moving portraits to the Harry, Hermione and Ron 3-D video. The Dueling Dragons was also very cool (although the red one broke down while we were in line, which made me nervous). We ate lunch at the Three Broomsticks (review to come), which was also totally fun and worth the wait. Downsides: lines, lines, lines - mostly for the stores. (The lines for the rides actually weren't that bad) I am NOT waiting on line for 40 minutes to enter a store where you can buy everything they sell online, cheaper. I find it offensive to wait on line in order to pay Universal my hard earned money for a bunch of useless junk. As much as I LOVE Harry Potter, there is a limit, and I really don't need a fake sneak-o-scope or a stuffed owl. I found the rest of the park to be just ok. There are a few cool rides - namely the Hulk, Spiderman and Doctor Doom. We skipped the water rides due to the weather. I'm a bigger fan of the happy Disney atmosphere than the way Universal presents itself. I see it as teenage years vs. childhood years - and I'd take childhood any day. I would absolutely return here and probably get a season pass, but mostly to relive my Harry Potter experience.
Love their rides
Islands of Adventure is really the peak of American theme parks!  From the entrance at the Port of Entry to Marvel Super Hero Island to Toon Lagoon, Jurrassic Park, the Lost Continent and Suesse Landing, this park has something for everyone! I was there this past weekend, enjoying probably my 100th visit, and really can never get enough of the themeing, and the attractions!   Must sees at Islands of Adventure: - The Incredible Hulk - The Adventures of Spiderman (BEST RIDE EVER) - Dudley Do Right's Ripsaw Falls - Popey's and Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges - Jurrassic Park - Dueling Dragons (both tracks fire and ice) - Posidens Furry - The Cat in the Hat This is a full day park, and you really need to take your time with it!  There is a show Sinbad's 8th Voyage that is a fun action show, but more geared towards the 12 year old boy audience! All in all I would reccomend this park for ages 10+ as you might find having almost every ride with a height restriction to be too diffcult with small children to really enjoy.
Holy Wizarding World Harry! This is an amazing theme park but the Wizarding World of Harry Potter was far and beyond the more incredible. It was like walking directly into the movie! The whole town was exactly as you would expect it to be, bars were open for business and pouring frothy butterbeers, the three broomsticks was open for tasty snacks, Olivander will pick you out your perfect wand, and the rides! The dragon's challenge was so fun but the main ride through hogwarts castle was mind-blowing. We were there on a day with very little waiting but we almost wanted a line to be able to look at everything going on in the castle all the way to the entrance to the ride. If you're in Orlando, come to Islands of Adventure, experience Hogwarts, get an excellent caricature, and ride some awesome rides!!
This park is much more like Disney, way more kid-centric than the other Universal park. For that reason, I found it a lot more stressful to navigate. The line ups for the rides were pretty insane. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter was absolutely amazing. I don't even like Harry Potter and I was blown away, it was just like being in some kind of medieval English village. The shitty part is that it's so insanely busy/crowded, that you can't really enjoy it. I arrived right at park opening (9am) and hauled ass over to the WWoHP area and it was still packed. The Forbidden Journey ride was THE COOLEST RIDE EVER. Worth going for this alone. I got really lucky and went 3 times in a row (within an hour!) because I was a single rider and got there so early. The Dragon Challenge was also awesome. Thankfully the rest of the park is not as insanely crowded as the Harry Potter area, but it was still much more hectic than the other Universal Park. The Spider-Man ride was also really cool. Hulk Coaster too. Seuss Landing was kind of fun but Toon Lagoon, Lost Continent and Jurassic Park were all pretty lame. This place would be a 3 star review without the Harry Potter part.
At one day touring the Islands of Adventure I was able to help Spiderman save the day, wait in lines, see a beatboxing frog, sit on a bench, laugh at jokes, and dodge a T-Rex. In the words of Ice-T, it was a good day.
I would tell you to read the fine print, but Universal is so big they don't even bother!  Rides are very restrictive for size requirements.  No where on they're web site does it have dimensions for riders.  They say they're are test seats available at most of they're attractions (which is true), but the test seats are NOT the same as the actual ride seat.  Two rides in particular are deceptive (Harry Potter & Dr. Doom).  Each time the test seat passed, but to find out the actual ride did not!  The operators of the rides even told me that the test seats aren't the same as the ride???   Spent over $400 in tickets and was very discouraged!   No where at Disney are the rides this restrictive!?  Get with it Universal!! I do NOT recommend Universal at All for anyone that may be a bit on the large side.  Or that may carry his or her weight in the torso area.   All attempts to work out a solution with Universal was met with walls and excuses.   I would NEVER visit another Universal theme park!   The actual park was nice and cool, but if your going for the thrill rides only, be wary and take my recommendation seriously!   Mythos restaurant was very cool and served some pretty decent food. Gift shops were good, except if you have stuff shipped it will take along time to arrive at your home, if your having them ship it for you. Universal customer service is HORRIBLE!  Hope if you go you won't need to contact them.  Good luck!
I was pretty impressed with this park. I loved the marvel super hero island and the wizarding world of harry potter. My favorite rides were the hulk, amazing spiderman, jurrassic park, and harry potter and the forbidden journey. A lot of the rides here are more adult and thus faster and more exciting. It was definitely a nice change of pace after spending 5 days at Disney parks.
The best theme park in America. (Next to De Efteling in Germany or Disney Sea in Tokyo) I am a themepark admirer and have traveled to many all over the world. The design of the park is clearly one of the best designs a Park can get. Universal is constantly experimenting with new forms of technology. very cutting edge. The overall design of the park allows for the guest to see everything just by staying on one road. Very immersive environment.    The level of detail in the design is outstanding. The dedication to story is very high. The cast is very friendly and they know their own intellectual properties very well.     The food is never a disappointment and also very high quality at reasonable prices.    The musical environment in the background really adds the perfect touch. It is a very strong emotional experience. If you want to believe you're in the story it is not hard to do.     There is a labor of love that is very clear in the conception of this park. It is far from the everyday themepark and much more of a general experience.     I have been to this park over 100 times and every time I go back it is just as enjoyable.
If theme parks are your thing, this is one of the prettier ones. For small kids, the Dr. Seuss area is fantastic.
Tired and overrated. The staff are all angry, frustrated, and sarcastic. Part of it is likely due to the amateurish planning and design of the park. It seems that every fourth employees entire job is to replace what could have been a sign. One stands at the exit door of Dervish and Bangs to tell people that the entrance is around the corner. Another tells people that did not pay $40 for an express pass that their entrance is over there. In the Harry Potter ride, they snake the crowd through a poorly ventilated greenhouse. This is after you. Are forced to put your backpack in a locker. They do. Have two feeble water fountains about 40 minutes into the line wait. Inside the castle are two videos. In both cases the line moves too fast to watch the videos. What stupidity, they know exactly how many riders per minute they will pull off the head of the line. It is simple math with a little experimentation to determine either how long the queue needs to be to fit the movie. The staff are practically yelling at the customers to get seated. Another ride, a children's 50 second sky coaster with a 45 minute line, I stood at the exit to wait for my family to get through the line. I witnessed absolutely horrid treatment of the guests by the employees. Guess what staff, shouting at children who don't speak English will not get them to understand to any better. How about a bilingual sign. After nearly a week in Disney World, Universal was a rude slap in the face and a total waste of money.
I have been going to Disney for 25 years and for a change decided to try Universal, my advice don't waste your money it was the worse park experience in my entire life. The attendants let people skip lines, rules only apply to certain people we were tormented on several rides and asked for help and no one from the park wanted to help at all. We spent so much money for a terrible park experience. Steer clean, save your money.
