Need to ride this one twice!  One word to sum this one up..."Awesome'....this is a great ride if you are or if you are even not a fan of the wizarding world of harry potter.  Well worth the wait.  Fantastic effects and the way the vehicle spins you around is absolutely unique of any other ride out there.  The film is breathtaking and the mixture of animatronics and film make the ride even more unique.  This is the game changer for Universal Studios!   The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is an awesome addition to Islands of Adventure in Orlando.  The details of the land is so authentic to the movies and the books.  A very cool immersion into the world of Harry Potter.  From the many shops to the three broomsticks restaurant to the butter beer carts!  All good!   I can't wait for it to come to Universal Studios Hollywood!
Maybe I got lucky on the day I went (a Saturday in mid July of 2013), but I did not have to wait as long as I've read other reviewers had and the ride did not break down. There is a testing seat out from that shows you approximately how big the ride seats are and whether or not they can accommodate your size. The wait for the Forbidden Journey just after lunch (maybe 1 pm?) was about 40 minutes, but in reality, it was more like 30 if you include the walk to the actual ride. There's an outside queue that gives you a view of the greenhouses from Herbology and a Mandrake or two.  Then you actually get to enter the castle (with AC) where you'll see projected images of some cast members, props from the films (Dumbledore's staircase, the House Points tubes, the Sorting Hat, the dragon skeleton from the DADA classroom, etc), certain rooms (Gryffindor Common Room, Dumbledore's Office, Defense Against the Dark Arts Classroom), and a few corridors before arriving at the actual ride which is a 3-D tour/ride where you are supposedly flying on a broomstick behind Harry and Ron to make it to the Quidditch Pitch on time. At certain points the 3-D turns into live animatronics like Aragog, dementors, the Chamber of Secrets, and the Hungarian Horntail which all pop out at you in life-size form. When the ride ends, you come out near the locker room which is connected to Filch's Emporium.  The locker rooms are free if your wait time for the ride is less than the time on the lockers.  You can then purchase a picture of yourself from the ride in FIlch's. I loved how close I got to the figures and the overall ride plus the tour because I didn't mind waiting in line.  I took a motion sickness pill beforehand just in case, so if you get sick easily, a bit of Bonine or Dramamine wouldn't go amiss. I'll be back for sure.
Amazing ride!!!! One of the best in IOA and in the Harry Potter world. I'm not a fan of roller coaster, so I was a bit worried how the ride was going to be. I asked an employee and she said its not a roller coaster, but a stimulator ride like transformer/Spider man but more intense. I went straight to the line. The wait time wasn't bad it was about 30 min that day I went. Inside is beautiful. You even see Harry Potter! The ride itself was intense!!!! You literally feel like your flying with Harry Potter. They are turns, flips you are literally moving in every direction. If you get motion sickness easily this ride isn't for you. The image throughout the ride is incredible. I don't want to be too specific since I might ruined it. It's a very unique ride.  One of a kind. I love it. I get a little dizzy coming off it but its not big deal. Hint: please make you sure you have eaten before this ride and WAIT a good amount of time to process the food. Do Not go to this ride one you have eaten. You will regret it!
I'm not a huge thrill rides fan...and while this isn't the thrilliest of them all, this was absolutely amazing! Great effects, cinematography, and a stellar 4D experience.
Let me start by saying I don't ride roller coasters and like harry potter but I am not a fan boy. My wife and kids dragged me on this ride. The wait was not that bad we did the child swap for the little one which was a smooth process. The ride itself was amazing I loved it. You get tossed around a lot and very close to upside down on the end of a robotic arm in synch with a film. I rode several time during our trip a must ride if at universal.
Such a great ride! The line for the ride is pretty long, and you'll likely be waiting for over an hour, but wow it's a lot of fun. Walking into the ride you walk into the Hogwarts castle, and you really feel like you're there! There's the house points for each of the four houses, there's owls and teachers and of course Harry, Ron and Hermione appearing before you. It's not a roller coaster but you will find yourself being jerked around in your seat, dropping, sharp stops etc. If you get motion sick you may come off feeling a little dizzy but don't let that stop you. It's a lot of fun
We got early admission for all three days we planned on visiting the Universal parks and rode this first thing every morning.  Because we got there so early, we never had to wait more than ten minutes.  But with that said, the best part of the ride may have been the line!   The line winds you through the castle which is just the most amazing thing.  It had so many details from the book/movie.  It had the classroom for the plants, it had the mirror of desire, it had the moving pictures which looked sooooooo AMAZING.  They had the lady guarding the Gryfandor Commons.  Dumbledore talked to us in his room.  Really I could go on forever.  Then you ride the ride and get to experience the amazing journey with Harry, Ron and Hermione.  These parks are all about experiencing what you see in the movies, and this ride definitely does not disappoint.
Great ride! The new harry potter addition is a great experience, i am sure if you are a harry potter fan you will enjoy it. They sell butter beer which i hear is popular. And diff. foods and drinks that are included in the books and movies. The ride was great! i am terrified of roller coasters so it was nice to be able to go on this 3d/4d ride. It was pretty scary though, you really do feel like your flying on a broom with Harry. I used to think i would enjoy being a bird and flying up high in the sky but after this ride i think i prefer to have my feet on the ground. i went in may 2013 and this was the only ride that did not have a seperate line for express pass holders i am not sure if this was because the ride is new.
I NEARLY WET MYSELF!!!!!!!!!!!!   The line moved swiftly, though we still got to experience the castle well.  The staff were friendly and efficient.  The ride itself??  PHENOMENAL!!!  I even broke out into a cold sweat all over in the forest section.  AMAZING!!!!   The architecture???  FUH-GET-A-BOUT-IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!  STUNNING!!!  TRULY like being escorted directly into the world of HP. And I must say the little side room for the tiny tuckers who can't make the height requirement is brilliant!  I've never seen such sadness on a little one's face as when my nephew was 1/2 an inch too short.  But I respected that the staff didn't sneak him on for a ride like this, but that there was a nice room to keep him happy until we were done. And the gift shop??  STELLAR!!  Love that you can purchase your souvenirs, and simply carry your ticket with you all day, and pick up in the front on your way out!!  AWESOME SAUCE!!!!!
Absolutely an incredible production and a spectacular ride.  I loved the Harry Potter books and movies and so did my son, so coming here with him was quite a special trip.  The lines will be long unless you get there when the park opens...so beware (Express Pass doesn't work here).  Everything about this part of the park, and this ride in general, is about making Harry Potter nerds (like my son...and me as well I suppose) feel like they are part of one of the stories.   We loved how the queue included so much from the movie.  Short videos of the characters talking to you, the pictures with the people moving in them, the fat lady guarding the entry to Gryffindor, and the decor throughout.  It's really a great way to keep everyone entertained while waiting for what could seem like forever (luckily we were one of the first to the ride so we only waited about 10 minutes).   The ride itself is really quite awesome-I loved it and my son pracitcally had a tear in his eye since he's basically lived Harry Potter since he saw the first movie when he was maybe three (he's ten now).  The 3D effects and the flight through Harry's world was truly an amazing journey.  The "car" you're in does jump around quite a bit, but if you know what to expect it isn't bad at all...just a whole lot of fun.  I've seen some negative reviews of the ride, but like I said, if you're a fan...you'll love the whole experience.
YES. Just yes to this ride. It's amazing. Bf and I rode it three times. Do you want to walk through Hogwarts like you're a student? Waiting in line is entertaining in itself: Herbology, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Dumbledore's study, talking paintings (including the Fat Lady - woot!), the Sorting Hat, and much more. The ride is a roller coaster (4 people together in one flying bench that's been charmed by Hermione) and you'll see the Womping Willow, dementors, Hagrid, Quidditch, The Forbidden Forest, and much more. Here's the trick: Get to the park early and knock it out. We saw the wait time get to more than 2 hours on a week day after we had long completed the ride. The first day, we arrived around 8:30 and waited about 30 minutes. The second day we were here, we arrived around 7:30 (we had tickets that let us into the Wizarding World of Harry Potter and hour before it opens) and waited about 20 minutes. Later that day, we did "Single Rider" and waited about 25 minutes (while the regular wait time was at least 2 hours). Here's another trick: Do NOT, I repeat, do NOT bring a back pack. You have to check it in a locker (free the first hour and 20 minutes) and there might not be any open ones and you might have to wait in line just to check the bag. Plus, if it takes more than your free time, you have to pay to get your bag out... so be sure to keep a credit card in your pocket when you leave everything else in the locker. We brought a bag the first of our three days in the park, and that's the only time. It was not worth it (for any part of the park).
I wouldn't have thought that a Harry Potter ride would throw my balance off-center, but this one's a little more than bargained for. First of all, Universal did a fantastic job with the castle that houses this ride. It towers over the rest of the park, and has a realistic look. There's also a bunch of "stuff" to see while in line that probably makes a whole lot of sense to those of you who have solidered through the books. Now, being a snarky, snobby, snooty, stodgy J.R.R. Tolkien fan, I couldn't even make it through the first chapter of the first book before being bored, so none of this meant anything to me, but I'll admit it looked pretty and made waiting in line somewhat more interesting. By the way, I'll take Gandalf over Dumbledore in a square-go any day of the week. Not even close. The ride itself is mostly a motion simulator, but be forewarned, it's not exactly a smooth, gentle, gliding simulation. There's a lot of spinning, jerking, and lurching - and while I find that a lot of these simulated rides don't last long enough (see: Soarin' at Epcot), I felt that this one actually went on a bit too long. About halfway through, I started to feel a little queasy. I made it through the rest of the ride without "incident" by way of staring straight ahead, closing my eyes at times, and just reminding myself that this is a simulation. It's pretty wild. You're essentially jumping on a broom and doing all sorts of physics-defying moves. At the end of the ride, my equilibrium was kinda off. This doesn't sound pleasant, and in a sense, it isn't - but the ride is really cool, and worth the temporary discomfort. Use this as an excuse to go take a seat in the Wizarding World's pub, and have some Butterbeer. Speaking of which, that stuff grew on me. At first I thought it was too sweet, then I ended up giving it 4 bottle caps on Untappd and wishing for a bourbon barrel-aged version. It's cool. Ride it, even if you're prone to motion sickness and have to take some Dramamine.
All I can say is I don't see what the hype is all about. It started off great and has some exciting moments in between, but the ending was cheesy and weak. By no means was the 2.5 hour wait worth it to me!!! The ONLY reason I went on it twice was for the sake of my youngest son who didn't ride it the first go round. I guess you have to be a die hard fan to really appreciate this ride. The level of detail in the building & village design all around the Wizarding World of Harry Potter were fantastic. It was like being on a movie set. I enjoyed the Butter Beer (non-alcoholic) vendor here also, but as far as roller coaster rides go, this would rank near the bottom of my list. If you LOVE roller coasters, you can do waaaaay better than this ride, and way better than Island of Adventure too. I'm not big on simulated rides, but if you're a Harry Potter fan, I suppose this place is the ultimate experience. As for me, I don't get it. Yelp100 [11]
Such an amazing ride! Other reviewers have gone into detail about the ride itself but from a practical standpoint, get there first thing in the morning to avoid a long wait, make sure to use the lockers as you are not allowed to bring bags on and rider beware if you have sensitivity to motion simulators. All in all, a must see for a true HP fan (drink you butterbeer afterwards!)
I love Harry Potter. This is a great experience for a HP movie fan.The line is almost as exciting as the ride. You see the greenhouses, the house cup jeweled tracker thing. Then you see the entrance to Dumbledore's office and the see the tapestry that leads you to the Room of Requirement.  The next room has a bunch of moving pictures.  They get you get to see the Hogwarts founders talk to each other. The ride got shut down when we were in that room for a little while once. I know every word they say. Dumbledore's office is really impressive. He gives you some instructions. Then you meet up with Harry, Ron and Hermione who are going to sneak you out of the castle and help you fly to the quidditch pitch. Then you head through the Gryffindor common room, passed through the sorting hat and then onto the ride. The ride does not parallel the movies/books. Characters who died in the book are still around so suspend your belief there. Hermione gets you flying then you have to fight a dragon, spiders and dementors - one of which startles me every time. Great ride. I'm always excited to ride it again. Hope you enjoy it too!
Now this is the ride that everyone has to go on if you are visiting the Wizarding World of Harry Potter! It is also one of those rides that can build up quite a long line but in my opinion it is well worth the wait! To start this ride is easy to find, it is the Hogwarts castle! So once you enter the double doors you will be lead to the enterance and the locker room (Lockers are free for the ride duration)  where you stow any big bags or purses. After you will walk along a path through the castle which is very well made and a cool experience that resembles a tour. The walk is pretty long but is also the line for the ride. You go through the greenhouse then a portrait room and even Dumbledore's office and then the Defense of the Dark Arts classroom. After that is where you will see the ride. It is a ride that is on a conveyer belt SO WATCH YOUR STEP! Each unit has 4 seats and a chest guard. Please be careful and don't secure it too tight it will surely kill the ride experience! Now on with the ride! This is ride has a lot of movement but mostly just back and froth and occationally the upwards motion. It is one of those rides where you are in front of your screen and the visual effects are what effect your body! So you are actually not moving very quickly at all. The graphics are well done and makes you feel like you are really part of the experience so enjoy everyone! OH and a Note! The camera is in the FOREST where the spiders are! So get ready to flash your smile or scared look then! IT IS NOT AT THE END OF THE RIDE! After the ride you will be lead into Filch's Emporium so you can shop for souveniers or get your photos! Have fun!
An amazing ride and experience even for non HP fans. Right from the amazing entrance to hogwarts through to the completion of the ride it was awe inspiring. The detail though out the school was amazing and had me oooing and ahhhing the whole way through. The actual ride itself was fantastic with a great sense of depth, although the story didn't flow well. The two disappointments was that the wait time was posted as 20 mins when it took over an hour to reach the head if the line (at 7:20am) and I was told to remove my wrist mounted gopro camera after I was already seated, without any explanation.
Yes, yes, the Sorting Hat will not lead you astray in this authentic, fantastical adventure. Winding through Hogwarts toward a virtual thrill ride which includes Quidditch; you will not be disappointed. For seniors, however, the twists and turns may be too much to navigate. While part of it is virtual, you will never-the-less still feel some similar effects (drops and dips) as if on a roller coaster. Hang onto your brooms for this one!
In a summary, the visual effects and buildings are overwhelming.  The rides are not too aggressive, and the surroundings wholesome.  However, the food is just plain and nothing special.  I would recommend Citywalk for your meals.  If you do venture buying the beer guys, remember it's not alcohol...
I enjoy Harry Potter; the characters, the storyline, the vast world of Wizardry... you get it. I've gone twice to HP and this ride, at first, was pretty cool. The exterior castle is incredibly detailed, the wait queues were worth the time they took to design it... now here is where I believe they failed. The ride itself is a motion simulation ride, and basically, you're flying around with Harry and his pals around Hogwarts to get away from a dragon. Seems cool, huh? At first, you like it... then when you realize that the details during the ride (such as the animatronics) were very weak, you lose that "magical" feeling*. If you haven't tried it, then please do! You'll probably love it (if the wait isn't longer than an hour) but you may notice that the ride itself could have used a bit more funding. *The second time I went on the ride, I got a little motion sickness and this RARELY happens... so if you don't like quick jerking motions, turns, and drops... then this ISN'T your cup of Butterbeer.
Holy Hoards of Harry Potter Nerds!!!! Hogwarts is packed like a pig pen at the 4-H Fair!!!! This was the craziest part of Islands of Adventure. So many people. I think there was a 30 minute line for butter beer just outside the Forbidden Journey of Harry Potter. But the ride was just as packed. Another reviewer called this ride Spider Man on Steroids. They were right, and sometime steroids can do good things. I have never read a Harry Potter book. I have seen a handful of the movies. Luckily there was an hour wait and my brother's girlfriend (a Huge Harry Potter Nerd) could fill us in on all the nitty gritty details. I should point out my fiancee also knows her fair share of Harry Potter knowledge, so there was some online fact checking and debating. The line was supposed to be over 2 hours. We made it through line in less than one. They also had a separate line for single riders that they assured would go much faster, but as a consequence you would not get to walk through the very neat and well decorated castle. We decided to wait and enjoy the castle. However a lot of people in front of us went very slow and then very fast. That caused a slinky-like effect and then we had to run through the castle anyways. It was nice to not have to wait as long, but we missed some of the story and then the ride was not as enjoyable because we did not have the back story. (To explain a little more clearly: as you go through the line the character show up up and explain the back story to you, we only go bits and pieces). Nevertheless, this ride was so fun. There is videos and actual props. They move you up and down and rock you back and forth. They really put you into the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. It was a lot of fun, regardless of whether you are a hardcore Harry Potter Nerd, or just an adrenaline junkie looking for fun.
Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey is hand-down the best attraction in Universal Islands of Adventure.  Hence, the 2 plus hour line.  Ouch! This action packed ride is an innovative romp through Hogwart's Castle and the adventures of Harry Potter, Hermione and Ron Wesley and fantastically incorporates 4-D elements to submerge you completely into a twisty, turney and often violent world of Harry Potter and his friends.  The castle and several rooms with talking pictures  (fans will be familiar with this from the Harry Potter movies) are magical,.  I wish this early section, prior to the ride and wandering through the castle, had been even better developed, since its this component of the Wizarding World that is possibly the most intriguing to fans, and the most kid-friendly. So why only 4 stars?  Well for those who haven't enjoyed the joy of being pregnant, this jarring ride may offer you a taste.  It will certainly have you feeling the nausea and dizziness, exhaustion and disorientation of early pregnancy, to the point of actually losing your cookies by the end of the ride.  Of coarse, its well worth it, none the less. This is a pretty scary ride.  Spiders, snakes, evil wizards attacking.  Our almost eight year old who is a Harry Potter super-fan (loves to read the books) was really very upset and covering her eyes during most of the ride, and asked (actually, begged) NOT to ride it again. Another great ride for adults and older kids, (a 5)  but like the movies, your young Wizard may enjoy the castle, but may be scared throughout this wild, wild ride.
Amazing! Just amazing! The most spectacular simulated ride I have ever been on. If you are a fan of the Harry Potter world, books, and movies this is a must destination. I was utterly blown away when walking into this part of the park and seeing Hogwarts looming majestically high over everything. It's just remarkable that they recreated it in such detail along with the villiage around it. You almost believe it is real. I just could not stop looking at everything in amazement. When walking inside and waiting on lines you are surrounded by rooms and scenes from Harry Potter's world. The portrait gallery, dark arts classroom, Dumbledore's office, and so much more that any fan will recognize. The actual ride is something else. It is beyond thrilling. It's hard to explain. Part Haunted Mansion, part Spider Man, part 3-D, part simulated, part animatronics. The special effects, character interaction, and ride movements all add to the experience. You feel as if you are flying. You are in favorite scenes and attacked by notable villians. Just wow! Do single rider - near end of day I went on three times in a row with hardly any wait when here a few weeks ago. I took my time through the queue to observe and explore all the wonderful things to see. It's a perfect setup for when waiting on a long line and keeping occupied. You can't bring much anything on with you but they offer free lockers to place your stuff in. This is an expertly made and thought out ride/attraction. When leaving the ride in total excitement and exhilaration go get a frosty mug of butterbeer and revel in the land of Potter.
Harry Potter and I have had an awesome ride since I read the first book (on paper, no less!) way back in 1997. It's been 15 years, with 7 books, and 8 movies (counting Harry Potter and The Death Hallows: Part 2 as the 8th movie).   With the recent release of "J. K. Rowling and the Deadly Tedium" (aka "The Casual Vacancy") it's painfully clear that Ms. Rowling will neither be revisiting the magical world of Harry Potter, or offering fans an equally fascinating alternate World to lose themselves in.  Not quite ready to reread the books or rewatch the movies?  Hard-core Potter aficionados like me should consider a visit to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter (TWW) if they're hankering for a way to feed their Potter Jones.  TWW might have been created as a response to the request "show me the magic!"  An area uniquely capable of suspending it's visitors' sense of disbelief, if weren't for the coaster hardware, it would be easy to forget that you're not actually walking through the streets of Hogsmeade.   The centerpiece of TWW is Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, which is Universal Studios Islands of Adventure most amazing and popular ride.  Forbidden Journey is actually two distinct attractions.  For the first, Universal created elaborately detailed scenes to entertain waiting riders. From the mandrakes in Professor Sprout's greenhouse to the portraits of Hogwarts' founders talking about Harry Potter to the sophisticated hologram of Headmaster Albus Dumbledore, the queue is a wonder. Even if you don't actually plan to ride the ride, a walk through the queue provides a unique and magical experience. TIP: While the queue for Forbidden Journey is entertaining, it's longer than an elephant's memory, and can be slower than an 84 year-old Grandmother running uphill on crutches.  Head for TWW's Forbidden Journey first thing in the morning to minimize the wait time. The second attraction is a flight simulator ride which to me seemed like a cross between IOA's classic Spider-Man ride on Steroids and Disney's Soarin' over California, with elements of an ultramodern Haunted Mansion thrown in.  The ride's "enchanted benches" are mounted on the end of robotic arms, which in turn move on a track.  Through the use of special effects, classic set design, and a hundred and eighty degree screen that surrounds your vehicle, riders get to see the pandemonium of Harry Potter's life for just under five minutes.  The ride begins with a dousing of Floo Powder from Hermione Granger, who asks the guests to say, "Observatory" in order to transport them to their desired location, and the enchanted bench flies off!  I'll spare you any further spoilers; suffice it to say the ride is well worth the wait; it will surprise and delight even the most hard-core Potter fans. TIP: Ride Forbidden Journey once, and then use the single rider line to ride a second time with only a 5 minute wait. The level of detail in the crafting of TWW is the equal of anything found in the original Disneyland, and the Forbidden Journey ride was so much fun that we rode it three times that day, despite the fact that it's lines are the worst of any in Universal Studios.  We did everything except shopping and our third ride on Forbidden Journey in the morning, hit attractions elsewhere in Islands of Adventure, went to dinner in City Walk, then came back toward the tail-end of our 13 hour amok-time in the park to do our shopping and hit Forbidden Journey one last time!
Expecto Patronum! Arrive as early as possible Muggles. The line can get really long, but if you time things correctly, the wait will only be 5-10 minutes. Then you can ride it more than once :) The Express Plus Pass is NOT available for this ride. If you have any loose articles with you, you will be told to store them away in the lockers. The lockers will be to your right as you enter the castle. They are timed and only free for 35 minutes. The use of the lockers are self explantory. However, I did see some Muggles struggling with them and so I have posted some pics. Remember your locker number. You are allowed to take your phone or a small camera with you to take pics inside Hogwarts. Just make sure to store it deep in your pockets or hold on to it tightly before hopping on to the ride. The journey can get a bit bumpy. As you stand in line, notice all the detail that goes into this castle. Harry Potter fan or not, you will enjoy walking through each room. As things all around you come to life. You will go through The Portrait Gallery, Dumbledore's Office, the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom, the Gryffindor common room, and so much more. When you are finally seated in the ride, don't forget to look up. The floating candles are so pretty. Get ready to come face-to-face with some unforgettable magical creatures.
FANTASTIC RIDE! One of the outstanding gems of the park. The line is very long! So be prepared!
Even the 1 1/2 hour wait was interesting. You can't beat that. The ride itself is short, so enjoy the castle and all the attention to detail.  That will make it worth it. It's part ride, part attraction, part ride simulation.  Very unique. It's a bit jerky, but nothing that will cause major injuries. It's really scary, but you can always close your eyes a bit, like I did. My 7 year old had a great time, and he's usually a chicken, like me. Get there early, go there first.  However, we did notice that the wait time decreased a bit much later in the day, so if you plan on staying at the park all day, it may be worth it to do this ride last.
I loved this ride! We went to Universal first thing in the morning and high tailed it back to Harry Potter World and to this ride. As you wind through the line, you walk through Hogwarts. The design of the castle alone is incredible--the amount of detail that went into it all is pretty amazing and the technology and videos that play in each room keep you entertained. The actual ride is several minutes long and a really cool experience. Definitely utilizes technology to simulate a lot more movement than you're actually doing which keeps nausea at bay, but doesn't sacrifice any fun. My only complaint is that the wait was only 20 minutes so I didn't get to check out the castle long enough!
The line is well over an hour to get on the ride, but it is a ride well worth it. Once the line leads you into the castle, it will make you think you are in Hogwarts. The castle is a masterpiece from Dumbledore's office to the sorting hat. The ride takes you through turns and dips that leads you through endless thrills, but rider beware spiders await at one of the turns. I hate spiders; it haunted my sleep for nights. *Disclaimer* It really is a herky jerky ride and made me feel very quesy. It put me out of commission for the rest of the day, but i still feel that ride is well worth it all. You been warned. Clearly, it is the crowning achievement of Harry Potter Land and Islands of Adventure. Let's do it again!
It's Harry Potter.  It's awesome.  The waiting area is great- you get to see all those things that you've just read about or see in movies that are insanely far off from the book.   It's a great ride- a combination of motion/movie like Star Tours or Soarin Over California, and actual movement around things like Indiana Jones (sorry for the Disneyland references, they are what I know).  Which is good,  because I get a little motion sick from the movie type rides.   It's a fun ride, and worth it for Potter fans.  Not much more to say, except I'd wait in a longer line for it.  Heck, I waited in the RAIN!
SCAAAAAAAARY!  Age restriction says 6 and up but little and big people were surprised by the intensity of facing you know who and his you know whats.   I had to close my eyes the 2nd time around.   Parents beware, no matter how "mature" your kids are, leave this ride for when they are older/ready.  If the movie scared them, this may terrify. I loved it but there were big men complaining about the intensity and "jerkiness" of the ride.  A little girl said, "Mom, that was a nightmare!". The best fake nightmare I've ever experience! NO matter what tips you read, get early admission pass and go straight to this ride first thing.  Go on a rainy day if you want to avoid the wait.
SIX STARS!!! Wow. This is the crowning star of WWOHP for sure. They spared no expense or imagination in creating this mind bending ride. The night before we rode, we had enjoyed a Counting Crows concert in Universal and to quote Adam Duritz as he talked about the ride in between songs "That is some cool shit". It is. Really. The wait is all of forever so I do recommend you go later in the evening and you will only have to wait 45 - 60 minutes. Note the word "ONLY". During the day it fluctuates between 70 - 90 minutes. The line starts in the back of Hogwarts in the gardens with some fun looking plants, when you go in the actual building you are roaming the halls of Hogwarts. I can't even begin to describe how amazing it is inside. Dumbledore's office looks true to the book and movies, the pictures and the paintings are so realistic and I am still trying to figure out how they did them so it doesn't look like there is a screen behind them as they run the tapes and the subjects of the paintings speak and interact with each other. The Defense Against the Dark Arts room is also amazing and Harry, Ron and Hermione come to devise with us how they are going to get us in the school. Keep on walking and you will see the painting of the Fat Lady at the entrance of Gryffindor who of course also interacts with guests, the wait for the ride is as good as the ride itself. The ride itself is a combination of hydraulics, movie, animatronics that will blow your mind. It was worth us waiting 45 minutes twice to go on.   I wont say more as to not ruin it, but all I have to say is that it made me jump more than once.  Awesome. ****WARNING*** If you get motion sick, have a bad back or neck you might want to skip this one. Especially the motion sickness issue. If it happens just close your eyes and let it pass.
All the single riders, all the single riders... If you love HP, you'll love this ride!  It is everything Harry Potter! I suggest this be the first ride you ride at IOA.  The wait time can get up to 90 or 120 minutes which is too long.  When we got into the park we rushed to this ride and we rode it.  When we got off we went into the single riders line.  It seats four so the single rider line moves fast.  Plus you're harnessed in so you can't really see or talk to the person next  to you. It was a neat experience that mixed action on a screen with actual scenery around you. As you wait in line you walk through professor sprouts Herbology green house and the castle.  When you get to the sorting hat you're almost there. If you have a bag you must put it in a locker.  It's free and based upon the wait time of a ride. If you leave you bag in there for too long they'll charge you.  If you have kids with you, you can rider swap.  Meaning you wait in line and when you get to the front you tell the attendant your child isn't going to ride then one person waits with the child while the other rides then you swap.  If you have others with you they can ride with you as well so you don't have to ride alone.   Must try: Make it your first ride, single rider it, and sit in the farthest left seat.
I rode it twice even though it kinda made me want to barf.   The line wasn't longer than 45 minutes and I was actually glad, as it gave me more time to check out all the cool stuff at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizarding without people rushing me through. Word to the wise: Sit left....the acromantulas spit!
I absolutely LOVE this ride! But I must warn you your stomach might not.  Without spoiling the ride for all you muggles, it is a fast ride with lots of jerky movements featuring various scenes from the castle and the movie.   Be sure to hang-tight  and to keep all your valuables in your carry-ons. It's definitely an exciting ride, but don't do it after drinking a cup of butterbeer!
Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey is an example of really great theming and execution in a dark ride.  The queue was awesome, with lots of little touches here and there to enhance the feeling of walking into Hogwarts.  The ride itself makes great use of both 3D screening and practical effects to create a truly one of a kind experience for riders. However, Universal needs to do something about the locker situation here.  The lockers, which riders are required to use, are located in a tiny room in the ride's queue, which is constantly packed.  On my recent visit, I was actually knocked to the ground by a man while attempting to retrieve my belongings.  I had a very difficult time getting up, as the room was so completely packed with people, and a staff member in the gift shop told me that she could not do a thing about it.  Universal needs to post a security guard in here or move the lockers outside the ride.
I hate intense rides. I checked again and again that this was a motion simulator. My mother refused to come with; however, we both went through the line because it goes INTO Hogwarts. We saw the mandrakes and the projected Harry/Hermione/Ron and then Dumbledore. The whole building is incredibly thought out down to the last detail. It's amazing. The moving pictures and the talking portraits. It's so fabulous. My only concern was all the signs. You know the ones; DO NOT RIDE if you have any of the listing of ailments. I started getting really paranoid. By the time we got to the front (yay, single riders get on so much faster) I was petrified by the roller coaster type seats. "This is just a motion SIMULATOR, right?" I asked the technician, "Yes, it's a simulator. Now strap in" was my response. The answer is yes and no. Part of it is simulated on a large screen and the seats are on mechanical arms that move you throughout to get the full experience. I won't give too much away because really, it's the best ride ever in, well EVER. I will say this though: Do NOT drink too much butter beer before your quidditch match. You will get sick and dizzy. I was dizzy for the rest of the day but I can honestly say it was worth it.
AHHH!! There's nothin wrong with going into a theme park admired  by billions of children around the world. The park is amazing! Every part, from the entrance to even the bathroom is awesome! My group went to the park on a beautiful day! Forecast says thunder storms throughout the day, but it was perfect! Not too hot, but not too cold. The sun was out, and the park wasn't bombarded by millions of tourists like me :). The lines were reasonably length'd (est. wait time=5-15mins), and the gift shops weren't packed. Here are a few things you haveee to do! : 1. Go on Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey (the ride that's in the castle) 2. Go on the Dragon Challenge (go on the ride twice, so you can experience the different dragons) 3. Try the butter beer!!!! (DELICIOUS!) 4. Try dining in the three broomsticks (heads up: if the butter beer line is long outside, you can order butter beer at Hog's head Pub.. Line will be muccchhh shorter) 5. Stroll through Honeydukes Final words: If you're a major major Harry Potter fan, you HAVE TO go to the theme park. If you don't, it'll be like enjoying Disney Movies but never going to Disneyland! To be honest, I'm not a super HP fan, but the park is just too pretty to pass..
The sign said "45 Mins" for wait. It took less than 30 minutes from waiting in line to getting off the ride. First, store your belongings in the FREE lockers. Yep, free and you can check out multiple. +1 Star What made the wait bearable was the mini tour through the school with lots of photo opportunities. +1 Star The Ride: 5/5 -I haven't had so much excitement and happiness on a ride in a LONG time. The movement and special effects made you feel as if you are flying through Hogwarts with Harry. -The "fire" breathing dragon, giant arachnids and multiple dementors made the ride awesome Tips: -Place your items in their free lockers -If there is a line, grab a Frozen Butterbeer and drink it as you wait -Hold onto your belongings (phone/wallet/purses) bc they will fall out. -Enjoy the ride! -Repeat if you'd like. Definitely worth it
The biggest thrill I had during the whole Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride was the pre-ride features during the wait in line. The theming was top notch in the main line and even in the twisting lines outside of the building I was engaged with the world of Harry Potter. I'm a huge fan of the books and the movies and was excited walking through the town area and up until we shifted from the main line to the handicapped accessible side I was in a really good mood. As soon as I switched areas, everything started to go downhill and it did so fast. The attention to detail did not continue through the wheelchair area and we fell out of the theming almost immediately after leaving the main line. We were given instructions with no escort to find our way to the elevator to the loading area. Our long wait to get on started again as we ended up waiting a long time sitting in the elevator unable to unload at the bottom due to there being little to no room. I could see some of the operating mechanisms from our vantage point and I knew I was in for a rough ride. Once we finally got on the ride we got strapped in with overhead roller coaster like restraints and off we went. The mechanism is essentially a large robot like arm that can tilt and shift you around while riding on a track like system while you look at large videos and animatronics. There was some semblance of a storyline but I couldn't keep up with it while I was trying not to get sick during the ride. I kept my eyes closed during the vast majorities of the video sections once my nausea started and popped them open occasionally to see what they were throwing at us while physically throwing us around. The videos seemed reasonably well done and the animatronics were a bit amateurish compared to the modern Disney versions. Not a fan of the ride at all. The last insult to injury was trying to get our bags out of the lockers they forced us to use prior to the ride. We weren't feeling great after the ride and we were forced to go into the ultra crowded storage locker area and wait while their system failed multiple times to let the people ahead of us get their items. Solid 5 minutes of continual rejections of the system until someone came over to fix it. It took 2 or 3 tries for us to get in which, in our state of not feeling well, didn't help matters. The overall experience of the ride was awful and I will make sure that everyone I know who wants to visit Islands of Adventure that the name ride isn't worth spending their time on and let them choose if visiting the park is either. Booooo!
Amazing ride built with state of the art technology. It was also cool that there was only a 15 minute wait on a Sunday at the end of January. But....it made me really ill; I mean like going to puke at any moment ill (aka like mission space at epcot). Why do you ask why I rate it so high? Well because if you like thrill rides and have no equilibrium issues like me, you will really enjoy this ride. It really is cool. I just wish I could enjoy it like everyone else :( The pre-show is cool is well.
WOW!!!!!!!! we visited the park last year and found out that they are opening Harry Portter village so we decided to go back this year . We are so glad that we did. this ride has 2 parts ,you can either tour the castle or go on the ride. unfortunatlly you can't use the express card and there was 75 min. wait, but it was worst it.
Best. Ride. EVER. HP fan or not, you will love this ride. WAIT IN LINE. Don't go through the single rider line unless you've gone through the castle already. It's part of the experience. Warning: Huge Harry Potter fans, you WILL get major goosebumps or might even cry like I did. Yeah, it's THAT cool.
If you are claustrophobic or prone to motion sickness you must avoid this ride. the castle is amazing as you are waiting in line. As soon as they put the locking bar down over my shoulders I began  To panic as I was hot and I'm claustrophobic. I then became very nauseous in this simulated ride with the seat twirling around and big projection screen in front of you. Even the other 3 in my group, who are not prone to motion sickness, were a little nauseous after this ride, but they thought it was one of the better rides.
You CANNOT miss the Forbidden Journey ride. I'm a completely scaredy-cat and hate heights, so I was a little weary, but this was excellent, if for nothing else than the stand in line, which takes you through the Hogwarts castle. It was absolutely awesome. Luckily, we went right after Thanksgiving, so there were really no lines, but enough of one to really appreciate each area of the castle. As a serious HP book lover (I love the movies too, though!) I love this thing, right up to the actual ride, which was just exciting enough for me. Yes, the screen was a little blurry and wonky, but, even with all that, I loved it! #teamron
Beyond My Considerable Expectations! In May of 2011 I visited both Disney World and Islands of Adventure in what was a very crammed weekend. My wife and I share a love affair with Disneyland, and expected that sentiment to be matched by a shared trip to it's bigger brother. Now, two months later, I can say without a doubt that Islands of Adventure was responsible for my best memories of Orlando, and thanks in no small part to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter and its star attraction, Forbidden Journey. This ride is unlike anything I have ever experienced. Describing it to friends has been an incredible challenge and not because of my weak command of the English language, but because words simply lack the ability to adequately convey the excitement and pure joy this ride elicits. In no understated terms riding Forbidden Journey is like riding the future. If you're a Potter fan, Forbidden Journey will be a life highlight. For those of us who aren't included within the faithful followers, Forbidden Journey will be a life highlight. It's spectacular. Competing parks would do well to copy was has been created here.
LOVED the castle and all the detail that went into the wait time.  they could do more for people waiting outside.   Very boring until you get into the castle.  And if you are paying $50+ for a fast pass....ALL rides should be included!.   that's about all I have good to say.   The ride is jerky and the screen is blurry.  DO NOT go on this ride if you get even slightly motion sick.   I can ride any roller coaster and be fine, but this made me horribly ill.   I had to sit in the shade for close to an hour and we left the park about 2 hours later because I felt so sick.  total waste of money and time.
Best 3D Coaster ever.  I explain it to people like this.  It's like you are in the movie.  You will be freaking out... in a very scary pleasant way.  Don't miss this.  It is worth waiting in line for.
Just wow. I don't even like Harry Potter, but Universal definitely did a number on this one. The ride is completely indoor, including the line and everything. Waiting in line is nothing with all the super cool things we would encounter going in one chamber to another. One of the chambers had Harry, Ron, and Hermione (excuse my spelling) looks super real talking to us.. I really don't know how they did it. Another chamber had a bunch of talking paintings... I really felt like I was in a movie. I just loved this ride and everything before it!. I have to admit, I was SUPER DUPER scared while I was on the ride because I hate things that pop out in front of me AND because I have a spider phobia, so every time the giant spiders came about I quickly shut my eyes and screamed my heart out.
You will wait in a long line.  It's insane.  It rarely dies down.  We got to the park when it opened and it was already 20 minutes.   But, It's WORTH IT!!! And the queue is a blast!  You get to see some characters and scenes from the books/films.  You hardly notice.  One day, there was a beer and water cart set up half way through.  Nice touch! The ride itself is, well, incredible.  You know how sometimes you read or see something and think "I wish that existed in real life!".  This is as close as it's going to get for Harry Potter fans.  Just getting to play Quittich on a broom was the best.  I won't give away anything else but enjoy and it's worth every minute!
The ride is a lot of fun. It's like if they made the Haunted Mansion a lot better and made it all Harry Potter. The biggest down side if the locker system that Universal has going. Stood in line for 90 mins, and then had to put our bags in a locker. The locker area was a madhouse. It had people going in to put stuff away and everyone coming off the ride to reclaim their stuff. Turns out, since the locker is in between the entrance and the exit (of course, through the gift shop), we could have just walked through the gift shop and cut the line by 90 minutes. There would have been no way for the staff at the gate to know who any better. Even with the line and lockers, it's still a great ride.
Best ride in the park!! Luckily for us, the wait was only 20 mins too! I almost wished it was a bit longer because just waiting in line and trying to catch everything in the castle was already fun in itself. All the pictures/portraits move around just like in the movie and there's just so much to look at. You have to put your bags and belongings in the lockers for free before you get onto the ride though since there's no place to put your bag while you're on the ride. (You're strapped on with your legs dangling). We were a bit worried since there were warnings that people might get motion sickness and we had just finished lunch, but it wasn't too bad. Definitely the best ride I've been on in awhile.
The castle was so beautifully designed. It was breathtaking. The attention to detail was so great; I couldn't get over it. I seriously wanted to cry of happiness, as lame as that sounds. That aside, the ride itself was fun but scary! So many things jumping out at you. And it wasn't very smooth... way too jumpy for me. They're also still smoothing out some stuff, because technical difficulties held up the line quite a bit. Thank goodness for the single line, though! Definitely cut the wait back. But even though I wasn't a fan of the jumpiness and scary spiders [acromantulas, if you must be precise! teehee], I have to admit that the people who designed the ride paid sooo much attention to detail. Gotta appreciate. I'd probably come back to visit the castle, but I'm not so sure about the ride itself. Buuuut I do love my Harry Potter, so who knows?
WHOOSH! ZIP! ZOOM! ALAKAZAM! If you like these words chances are you like Harry Potter! If you also like getting dizzy and having loads of ghouls and spiders zipping past your face while you try to catch up to wizard children on broomsticks than you might love this ride!
This was one of the best rides at this theme park.  For fans of the Harry Potter novels, this will be the highlight of visiting the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. The most important tip that I can suggest to you is to visit the WWOHP in the morning, right when the park opens.  Go to this ride first.  Go on a weekday when kids are in school.  Your wait will not be as bad as those who chose to visit during a peak time.  I was able to ride this once in the morning and again in the evening before closing time. First off, you walk through Hogwart's and see all of the familiar sights:  the Sorting Hat, the Talking Paintings, the Greenhouse, the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, Dumbledore's office and so on.  Great job by Universal on entertaining the visitors while waiting in line. When you finally reach the ride, you'll be strapped to a 4-seat bench that will be enchanted to take you on a journey through the world of Harry Potter.  The ride is a mix of 3D movie and animatronics.  It's just amazing and well worth the visit.
My Ratings: Quantity: 5 - Awesome! Quality: 5 - Awesome! Price: 5 - Awesome! Location: 5 - Awesome! Parking: 4 - Parking lot Service: 3 - Good Speed: 3 - Good Overall: Worth the wait in line! My Opinion/Story: I've never been so scared of a ride before and I honestly enjoyed every minute of it.  We were in line for less than 10 mins because we were there waiting before the doors opened.  Hogwarts is so cool with the talking and moving pictures, with Harry Holograms, and all the details in between.  The ride wasn't what I expected but there was a point where I was scared of the dementors!  It was exhilarating!
Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, the signature attraction inside Hogwarts at IOA's Wizarding World of Harry Potter, is a theme park experience like no other in the world.  And best of all, it is actually two attractions built as one. The first attraction, which is the ride queue, is a tour through Hogwarts castle.  This is an incredibly detailed, vibrantly immersive, true-to-the-books-and-movies walk-through of the castle's most famous rooms.  As backwards as it might sound, I usually am upset that the queue moves TOO FAST through the castle.  Often I have to stop and let other pass me so I can enjoy each scene to its fullest.  Also, if you don't pay attention, it is easy to miss the storyline that is being presented.  Take your time.  Enjoy it. The second attraction, which is the ride itself, is nothing short of sensational (in the truest sense of the word).  I'll leave it to others to describe it in detail.  Let me just say that the tag line, "His journey is now yours!" is extremely descriptive. Yes, the ride might possibly be too scary if you're a young kid or if you don't like spiders.  And yes, there is A LOT of motion.  But it is supposed to expose you to the chaos of Harry's life, and that could hardly be done with tea cups.  Nonetheless, the attraction has won accolades from muggles, coaster enthusiasts, and theme park industry experts the world over.  Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, with its nearly flawless presentation of Hogwarts castle and one-of-a-kind ride technology, is currently the reference for all new theme park attractions.  Congratulations to Universal's Creative Team. Insider tip: When you're in Dumbledore's office, look for a certain magical red book to the right-hand side.  It's a very cool effect.
Glad I didn't wait too long for this ride because it was a huge letdown. Went on it because I had heard great things so expected it to be something along the lines of Disney quality, but it was far from that. The set up/walk through part was great! Very realistic! Then you get on the ride and...well not so much. You are supposed to be riding a broomstick...well the way they simulate that isn't very good... You are in a little car (that doesn't represent a broomstick in any way) that moves along the track sideways and tilts back and fourth while they project your "journey" on the screen. Sorry but every time I have ridden a broomstick it wasn't while leaning backwards or riding sideways. Long story short: don't wait more than 20 min for the ride.
Universal knocked one out of the park with this attraction, and it's only one half of the whole HP experience.  I can't wait for the other half to open later this year.  The attention to detail was first-class and the ride scared the heck out of me, but in a good way.   We stayed on property and got the early-entry option for HP.  Definitely worth the extra money, plus you get front of the line privileges for the rest of the attractions in the park.
Meh. I was really excited for the ride since this is the main Harry Potter attraction. While you wait in line, you get to walk through the school, which is pretty cool. You get to see the moving pictures, statues of the founders of the schools, a projection of Harry, Hermoine and Ron, and other fun things. The ride was bleh. I ended up getting dizzy and nauseous. Basically, you sit in a ride and it shakes around while you watch a movie. The movie was really bad quality. I felt like I was missing 3D glasses since the movie was blurry and not in focus. I wouldn't ride it again since I felt sick afterwards.
The Hogwarts castle looks absolutely beautiful. They did an outstanding job. i felt like I was in the movie. The moving pictures were very realistic, I mean, everything was beautiful. The greenhouse outside was really nice. But getting on to the actual ride... I really liked it! It really makes you feel like you are flying! However, the storyline was hard to follow. I don't think I understood what was really going on. That part I would say was just OK. The actual screen parts were kind of blurry and the spirits/demons looked super fake. Good ride but I've been on other ones that I like better. The ride is sort of like the Spiderman ride but without the 3D glasses.
Such a cool ride!!!! Totally worth the wait and I waited for 3 hours online. 2 of which were in the sun in 98 degrees. So if I like this ride, everyone should haha It takes a regular 3D ride and puts it on acid (not really, but you get what I mean right?) The amount of decoration and effort put into this place looking like the real Hogwart's in unbelievable, they did an amazing job. It's a similar ride to Spider Man in 3D thats also in Universal Islands of Adventure, but so much better and a longer ride too. It's a little bit scary actually too, which I was surprised about. So if you have little kids going on it, be aware of that. Soooo much fun though, I can't wait to go back to FL and go there again.
Great experience and great effects to make you feel like you are experiencing the real thing. Be warned the lines are long. We got there around 9:20 and the wait was 45 minutes. We decided to do single rider and got through the line in 10 minutes tops. A common theme from all the rides is that its a big nauseating, so be warned.
I think this may be the best ride I've ever ridden considering Disneyland Resort, Tokyo Disney Sea, Six Flags Magic Mountain, Six Flags Over Texas, Six Flags Discovery Kingdom, Walt Disney World, and Great America.  I say that because it's got the best integration of story line, use of technology, and high "thrill" factor. [Not a hyperbole; actual belief that this may have been the best ride I've ever ridden.]  The special effects are ones that should make Disney Imagineers talk to the Pixarians who developed Toy Story Midway Mania and lesser so on those who have been resting on their laurels as of late.  (Step it up, Disney.  On the whole, you're making Disney's Nine Old Men shake their heads.) I do not want to spoil this attraction too much by talking about it.  I'll leave it there and say that the queue (Hogwarts Castle) could have been an attraction unto itself.  It's a shame that Disney didn't pick up Potter for its theme parks.  It's no wonder Universal Orlando is doing so well.  A+ to the design and build team.  My wait time was anywhere between 15-35 minutes.  The peak time seems to be between 11am-6pm.  If you ride before or after that, the wait time is significantly lesser.
Much like everyone else, I enjoyed the trip to the ride as much as I enjoyed the ride itself.  You get to enter Hogwarts and see first-hand some of the things you read in the books or saw in the movies...like the sorting hat (near the end of the wait), classroom chamber with hologram of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, the halls with the talking portraits, the greenhouse and so on.  I must say, technology is amazing nowadays as the holographic architecture of the scenes is pretty good. The ride itself is a mixture of 3D scenes with animatronics and real scenes.  I do think it was pretty cool but it can make some people dizzy or nauseous.  I had to tke a break after the second time going on it. Definitely get there early or you might wait significantly longer.
Yes, I am in my twenties. Yes, I read all the books. and Yes, I absolutely love this ride! It makes all fans feel alive again since the end of the series. You get to enter Hogwarts and see things you read or watched. It's simply amazing. I must of took a million pictures because I would be omg that's this or that! I can't believe I get to see it in person! Awesomeness. The special effects is really breathtaking and you truly feel as if Harry, Ron, and Hermione are there with you. Can't wait to go back.
A good 3D ride for fanatics but it can get nauseating. I'm not one for 3D movies myself and midway I had to focus on something other than the scenery that was flying by during the Quidditch match. Also cool are the free lockers so that you don't lose your mugs of butterbeer along the way.
This must be my favorite ride of all time for the entire experience including waiting in line! Yes, over every Disney ride, with Everest and the Mummy being close seconds. I rode this the first week it was open as well as had a season pass the next year. I must have ridden it 50x and it still never disappointed! As an avid potter fan since I was 11 years old I was VERY impressed with what Universal did to bring Hogwarts, the books, and movies to life... Not an easy task! I always feel like a Hogwarts student walking through professor Sprout's class then off to the dungeons for potions, then around the corridors of Hogwarts to Dumbledore's office (it even snows in line from time to time), all the way to the Fat Lady guarding the Gryffindor common room, to the sorting hat before your board the ride. If you have never ridden the ride before I HIGHLY suggest to get the full experience to wait in line. If you don't want to wait too long, GET THERE EARLY! If you have already experienced the line and want to encore the Forbidden Journey (which you will!) without as much of the long wait even during peak season go single rider! I still got to ride with my friend (most of the time) when we did this!   The ride experience is EPIC! One moment you are rocketing through Hogwarts, to the next being chased by a Hungarian Horntail, get fire blown in your face, are battling Aragog,playing quidditch, then being chased by dementors... Crazy and amazing. This ride truly is unique and a masterpiece. It is like Soarin', The Mummy, Spider Man, and Sum Of All Thrills  (EPCOT) had an amazing child. You must experience it if you are reading this! Try it out. Also to save time get a locker to the right of the gift shop before you get in line, as they don't allow loose items.
This ride is soooo freakin cool!!!! I think its my favorite ride so far :] You have to come here right when it opens because the line gets intense!! We got to the park right when it opened and it was still a 75min wait. But we ended up waiting at least 90min because it broke down =[ but totally worth it!! It really feels like you're flying! The architecture is amazing! They did a very good job creating it to life! The only thing is you have to put your stuff in a locker and the locker section is so small it's kind of a hassle. Other than that totally worth the wait! I'd do it again :]
Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Im a chicken so the first two times I closed my eyes at certain parts (pansy that I am). But the next three times i kept them open and enjoyed everything! I will have to say that the first two times I went on it the ride "broke down" for like 30 seconds, so that ruined it because we were just hanging there in front of this giant white screen. Lady next to me was freaking out even though we were in a totally comfortable position. LOL. But its okay, I let it slide because it was 8 am on a Tuesday. When we went on Friday around same time, it was fine, working and perfect!! The queue to this line is awe inspiring, I just loved every moment!!
Ever since I read my first Harry Potter book in sixth grade, I secretly wished I was in the Harry-Hermoine-Ron club. This is the closest I'll ever get! Hogsmeade and Hogswart were both done so well, I loved the talking paintings and newspapers. I really couldn't tell which were the talking paintings and which weren't until they started speaking. The The castle was so cool you didnt even realize you were in line then all of a sudden you're on board. 5 stars for the castle and the town! The ride is a mix of 3D and live animatronics. Hermoine sprinkles you with dust and you're off. I thought a lot of the scenes were cool, but it didn't really all come together to form a 'task' or 'adventure'. It was like they just wanted to scare you and make you vomit (got a bit motion sick). It doesn't flip all the way over, but there are parts where you're laying down in your seat, 'falling' and I just couldn't wait for that part to be over with! Other than that it was a fun experience. 3 stars for the ride due to motion sickness and uncohesive-ness/lack of ride plot.
Best ride I've ever ridden!!!! It's THAT amazing. The wait can be ridiculously long but my bf and I came around 12PM which is still pretty late and only waited 10 min. to get onto the ride. The lines move fairly quick and by the time your in the castle you have stuff to do and look at to keep you occupied. It's like you're not even waiting. The castle's indoor architecture is pretty accurate and makes you feel like you are really in Hogwart's castle. My favorite part was the talking paintings.. love this place, love this ride, love harry potter! The ride was so fun! and so realistic.. If you REALLY want to have fun sit all the way to the left (looking at the seats) or all the way to the right (if you are sitting in them and looking forward).. best seat to experience everything!
The 5 stars is for the castle itself. If you're a Harry Potter fan, its absolutely magical the first time you see it. The rooms are done so well, the holograms of the characters, the moving pictures, all the props are so detailed and exactly how you pictured them in your head.   The ride itself wasn't great. The screen you're staring at while you're on the ride is blurry and very dizzying. You feel nauseous when you get out. This is coming from someone who absolutely loves roller coasters.  They need to improve the graphics.
I love this ride. I had an annual pass since 2007 and was so excited when I first heard the news of the Harry Potter themed attractions coming to Universal. When the Wizarding World of Harry Potter finally opened I still had my pass and made sure to renew it so that I could continue to get my Harry Potter fix until the final film was released. I got on this ride countless times with my siblings but we always went through the single riders line, it was always faster than going through the whole castle. I wouldn't recommend single riders if you really want to experience the ride alongside family members or friends. The ride has its malfunctions, even in my most recent visits, however it is still fun especially for those who love Harry Potter. The ride may not be as enjoyable if Harry Potter and a lot of motion are not your thing. The castle looks like what you see in the films (or very close to it). The wait time is very long for this ride, even more so during the weekends and vacation time, but it's worth it if you're a fan and maybe not so much if you're not. Side note: The frozen Butterbeer (non frozen is good too but frozen is best) and candy from Honeydukes are excellent.
Most epic ride EVER!!! You MUST take the multiple person line if it's your first time because there's a little museum inside. I don't want to spoil it for you, but I assure you will want to bring your cameras and hold onto it tight on the actual ride. If you bring your cameras, some water may or may not shoot out at certain parts of the ride....just saying...,,, The ride is a bunch of seats on a relatively fast moving conveyor belt. The very end of the line is a child swap place, someone sits your kid and you sit theirs. So, the ride was a lot darker/nightmarish and made me squee at certain parts. I wouldn't recommend it for people who get scared easily...there's a lot of 3D animated drops, flying scenes, and other "scary" events that definitely made my adrenaline pump faster than on the Hulk (then again, roller coasters are lame after Goliath at Six Flags Over GA...). If you get motion sick very easily, I would advise you to avoid the ride...but it's so exhilarating I'm just going to tell you you're missing out if you don't. Just close your eyes if you feel like you're getting jerked around too much. Enjoy it!!!
I give Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey five stars without hesitation or reservation, but with the caveat that I will never ride on this particular ride again.  For the 15 seconds or so that I could keep my eyes open, the imagery was brilliant and the concept outstanding.  For the rest of the ride, however, I found myself with eyes tightly shut and hands clenched together while I silently prayed that I would both survive the ride and not throw up on the person to my left.   To the reviewer who suggested that people prone to motion sickness just suck it up, I respectfully disagree.
Quite simply the most unbelievable ride I've ever been on. The flying sequences are jaw dropping. The line is long but you don't even care because it moves so fast. The castle is IMPECCABLY done. I personally felt the moving paintings were the coolest Hogwarts feature, and were virtually just as in the movies. The worst part is the log jam at the lockers, which are small. Don't buy a wand for your child prior, because many of the wands and boxes don't fit in the lockers along with a bag or backpack... they're too long and only fit diagonally with no other bag present. Once on, you sit four across without much ability to interact with the person next to you. If this is a nervous child, it will be hard to talk to them during the ride, which is intense and can be overwhelming for an unprepared kiddo. Lastly, don't wear flip flops, and if you do, make sure you take them off and firmly sit on them!!!
The best attraction at this park!  I enjoy all the HP books and films, so of course I get more excited about HP attractions than, say, my husband.  Even so, anyone can appreciate the walk through the castle that leads you up to the ride.  The various hallways and passages feature all things Harry Potter such as the Griffindor common room, speaking portraits, etc.  Don't miss out on the holographic "skit" that Ron, Harry, and Hermione do in the room with the dragon skeleton on the ceiling.  This will provide the lead-up story to what the ride it all about. The ride itself is great.  You're in a four-person compartment that attaches to a large rotating arm.  I've ridden on both sides of the compartment.  The side that offers a better view throughout the ride is the left side (if you're facing the ride before you get in).  It incorporates some video and some robotic elements.  It reminds me of the Mummy attraction at Universal, but just more hi-tech.  A definite must-see!!
Since there are many reviews already, I'll keep it short and sweet... One of the best rides I have been on from beginning to end.  The scenery was amazing and a slow walk through the castle is well worth it! If you get motion sickness on these types of rides - suck it up and experience this!  I went on twice and wish I went more.  I was sad that it ended but was jaw dropping during the flight!
This was my favorite ride of all time.  I have read al the books, seen all the movies and I am a big fan of all things Harry Potter.  This ride give the feeling of being in Hogwarts and following Harry as he rides on his broom over the castle. It is not an over the top roller coaster, it is more of a simulation, however the chairs that you are riding in do tilt and spin.  The animation is incredible.   Waiting in line is really not as bad as you would think.  You are entertained for about half of the wait inside the castle which has talking paintings and also there is a spot where you are viewing the cast as they hide under the invisibility cloak .   I loved this ride.
The Hogwarts building, inside and out, is fabulous.  The ride is a simulation ride with movie in front of you.  Made me very queasy where normal coasters don't. Yuck. I would go again to see the castle and stand in line but I would exit at the end and not get on the ride again.  Kudos to art team and designers of Hogwarts.
Loved this ride!  It was really thrilling and fun.  You soar with Harry through encounters with dragons and dementors and Quidditch matches and acromantulas!  Parts of it were quite frightening (like Ron, I hate spiders) and you get flung around a lot, so don't go to the Three Broomsticks first or you might lose your lunch. My suggestion would be to go here first so avoid a lot of time in line.  Also, don't buy souvenirs first and if you can, have someone who's not riding with you carry your things.  This will save you time by not needing a locker.  They require you to stash all your things in a locker first, by going through a separate line.  Also, as you might imagine, the fewer people in your party riding, the quicker you'll get through.   The only thing that made me sad was that we were rushed through the line and I barely got to see anything inside the castle.  I think we went through the Gryffindor Common Room but it was practically pitch black in there so I don't really know!  I appreciate their efficiency, but I would've really like to see more of the inside of the castle.  At least we had some great views of the outside of the castle by standing in line. As long as you don't get easily sick, you must ride this ride while at Harry Potter World!
You seriously can't beat the scene as you approach the ride, the decorations on the way in line, and the projections of Harry, Hermione, and Ron interaction in the heart of the building.  So cool. The ride itself is really fun (but if you are prone to motion sickness, def take a dramamine or something before getting on).  Don't miss this experience!
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review 7/31 Excellent, excellent ride!  I couldn't wait to try this ride!  I had read so many positive reviews about it here on Yelp and in the guidebooks, that I nearly ran to the entrance once I saw it.  Found the lockers right away and jumped into the queue to go into Hogwarts. Thought the queue for the ride was amazing and well-planned.  I wasn't able to really look at the all of the items throughout the queue, but for the most part, I thought everything was very detailed.  When we got to the area with Harry, Ron, and Hermione, we saw the scene where it "snowed."  HC thought it was neat how the portraits could talk and the newspaper articles could move. We were able to ride this twice and noticed that the experiences were different.  Loved all the different surprises and how the animatronics and movie blended into one. Unfortunately, we weren't able to see our pictures from the ride, so we couldn't purchase them.  I guess there's always next time.
Most definitely my favorite rides at Island of Adventures. Every part of the journey is interesting, the waiting part is really a walking tour through the recreation of the Hogswarth castle, which had so much resemblance with the books and movies it's uncanny, there is something to discover and be impressed about at every turn. The ride itself is perfect and extremely well done. For an indoor ride experience, this is as good as it gets. The thrill factor is no less than an outdoor rollercoaster and with the animatics and real physical encounters to go along with it, it really surpasses the outdoor rides. The seamless transitions between 'flying' in the animatics and encountering real props on the ride is so much fun. The turnaround time of the ride is incredibly fast since the ride seats runs continuously. We went on a low crowd day and was able to do the rides without waiting 4-5 times. They also have locker space to hold purses and pocket objects which is free during the ride.
Like Phil in that episode of Modern Family, I just can't hang on the cool rides anymore... I looked mid-life crisis square in the face, and walked away defeated with a queasy troubled tummy. We got to the park nearly as soon as it opened, and headed straight for the line. Already at that hour, the sign posted reported a 30-minute wait. I don't think we waited but half that... and frankly, I'm bummed we didn't have to because it meant we were speed-walking through the castle! For me, the castle was one of the major undertakings and attractions in the Wizarding World... complete with floating candles in the Banquet Hall, the Singing Lady and other talking portraits, animatronic Sorting Hat, it's pretty impressive; I didn't get enough time to absorb all that goodness. And during areas in the line queue when portraits or characters are speaking, we weren't in the room long enough to catch what they were saying. The ride itself seats four across and is not unlike the Spiderman ride, in that you're on a roller coaster-ish track in a car that changes orientation inside a dark building; add to that a mix of digital images and animatronics, and you have a quite the 4D ride experience. Unfortunately, for my brain and stomach's poor constitution, it was imagery overkill. It simulates riding a broomstick, so you're being flung around while trying to watch a high-speed visual chase. I don't think my mind could make sense of it all... as it was slow to process the info and anticipate lurches and drops, nausea set in quickly. When I wasn't screaming my pants off at the giant spiders and Whomping Willow, I was trying my best not to puke. When the four of us got off the ride, we were ALL feeling it... and unfortunately, that set us up for defeat on all the other rides that day with the exception of the Seuss train!
I went on 12/27/12 and the whole park was packed.  It felt like people were getting on lines just for fun.  The park layout is just bad.  Small pathways and very unorganized.  The Wizarding World of Harry Potter was only available to people who got return tickets.  Our return ticket was 6:10PM to 7:10PM; we got the ticket approximately 12PM.   Anyways, once we got to the world of Harry Potter, we saw the estimated wait time.  It was at 200 minutes, so we walked around the town and came back about an hour later.  It was still at 200 minutes.  We got on the line, because we weren't going to leave the park without having to experience the ride; especially when my GF is a big Harry Potter (books) fan.  Got on the line, and it felt endless.  It kept snaking all around the attraction, we snaked back to the "restricted" area of the attraction.  And when we finally got inside Hogwarts, the wait to us was 2 hours and change.   Once you get inside, it is still another 20 minutes at least before you get to the actual ride.  You have people stopping to take pictures inside and just taking a while to pose etc.   As for the ride.  To me, it was okay.  Definitely one of the best that I have experienced in terms of technology.  I was on Star Tours and Soarin' the day before.  Anyways, I do have a few tips.  If you easily get sick from motion sickness, be warned, you will get sick.  I was all like "wooooooohooooooooo," from the start until the next screen came along, then I just hushed up and tried to kept my lunch in.  Another tip is to travel light.  If you have a handbag, big cameras, bags from shopping you will have to put it inside a locker.  Try to travel light and you will get to the ride faster as once you enter Hogwarts, those with bags etc. need to put them inside a locker.  Those lockers' touch screen isn't the most sensitive in the world and sometimes you will end up having to restart the process a few times before completing the process. In the end, my GF enjoyed the ride a lot.  To her, it was the best out of our trip to Orlando.
Great ride, but make sure you gt there early. I actually enjoyed the castle itself more than the ride.
I give this a 5 for the attention to detail while waiting in line, but it would be a four otherwises. I respect what Universal has done with this, and the money they have put into it as well. The technology is something magical, though the actual ride vehicle itself was slightly different than what I expected. Some moments that are considered scary... well I have considered scarier at Disney by far. If you have a fear of spider's as I do.. it's predictable, so don't be so taken aback. This ride is something to experience, and the walk through is stunning, and takes you to the books or the set we always wishes we could expeirence.
I wish I could give this 10 stars. Hands down the best ride in the history of mankind. Especially if you are a Harry Potter fan, it is worth it for you to buy a plane ticket to Orlando and go on this ride. DO IT NOW!
This ride is a destination. Get to the park as early as you can and head straight to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter so you can get on this ride! If you're bigger, check to make sure you can fit in the seats outside. There are 2 lines, one for people with no bags, and another that leads to the free lockers inside. Get your stuff in the lockers as fast as you can so that you can get back in line before too many people pass you up. After the locker area, there is a single rider line and a multiple passenger line. The first time you go, you must wait in the regular line just so you can see Hogwarts Castle. Don't go too fast, because if you have a good memory for the statues and objects from the books and movies, you're going to love the little rewards for waiting.  My favorites were the holograms of the kids talking and the sorting hat telling you all the rules of the ride. I wish I could have put that hat on and found out what house I was in... After you've seen enough of the castle while waiting in line, if you love the ride, go for the single rider experience. You're not going to have time to interact with your party during the ride anyway, and the single rider wait time is significantly shorter. The ride is not to be missed. Yes, it's not really for people who get motion sick, but I do, and I went on it twice. It's a combination of screens with motion scenes, sitting in a chair in constant motion, objects that come at you and steam and water squirting in your face. It's kinda scary! My only complaint- the ride exits in the store, which can get super crowded with shoppers. It was so crowded when I went that people were getting claustrophobic and just putting their prospective purchases down so that they could just get out in the air again. I'm not sure buying that scarf is worth being trampled to death. I digress, though. Do this ride!
I'm a HUGE fan and definitely I wasn't disappointed: I loved it all! Everything is so well done! The village of Hogsmeade, just precious. Every store is impeccable! So many findings! Been able to have butterbeer, which I recommend the frozen version the best. You keep walking strait ahead and you find Hogwarts Castle!! Where the "Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey" ride begins! The wait said 30 minutes and took us that exact time. But is just awesome to check  the castle!! The Portrait Gallery, Dumbledore's office with him greeting you, the Defense Against Dark Arts classroom where Harry, Ron and Hermione invite you to the journey! I found it a "little" scary but overall is amazing! The Dragon Challenge it's lots of fun as well. I took both roller coasters and I have no preference. There was only 10 minutes waiting line!!! The Flight of the Hippogriff is a more easy going coaster but the scenes are GREAT! Just be ready to spend quality time and see everything! Because I wanted to leave things to do next, in my future visit I'll eat at the Three Broomsticks and have pumpkin juice. I'm coming back FOR SURE!
This is by far my favorite ride ever!  Luckily I didn't have a long wait, but it would be worth every minute of it.  My favorite rides before this were Soaring (Epcot) and Spiderman, and this ride is 10x better, and far exceeded my expectation.  And I'm not even a Harry Potter fan. I went on it twice.  And it was just as amazing the second time around.   Good job Universal.   Best ride ever.  10 stars! =)
Absolutely loved it!  Amazing architecture and details. Ride was fun, not so scary. You swing around a little, but not too jerky. Highlight if Islands of Adventure for me. Loved the Butterbeer!
I love harry potter so much it was like my home. It was the best ride ever. It's in Hogwarts I loved it. Great staff to.
I am, I suppose, a Disneyworld snob, but I headed with my family to Universal to enjoy the fun of Islands of Wonder and, most importantly, Harry Potter's Wizarding World. It is a fantastic feat of design and imagination, walking through Hogsmead, and I am excited about the upcoming Diagon Alley. Walking, however, into the castle, thrilled to ride the  Simulated Ride, The Forbidden Journey, I was surprised to be a bit let down. It is DARK as you walk into Hogwarts. If I were Professor Dumbledore, I would fall over my robes as soon as I walked in. As it happened, I turned to go towards a sign that said 'this way for single riders' and bashed my leg into a metal divider! I needed some of Madame Pomfrey's healing magic. This, and the fact that my 9 year old daughter left the line with my wife because she was so afraid of the darkness, rattled my nerves a little. Still I was excited to go on this ride and was ready to be prepared for travel as on Star Tours, or Mission Space. There was the Sorting Hat telling us to be careful, but it was done as a warning. I truly had no idea what to expect as I sat down in the car and was secured in to my seat. You're whisked almost immediately into the air, as Hermione casts a spell on you, and the rest was observed and experienced through my fingers as I had trouble suspending belief that I was flying erratically into dragons and spiders. I am glad my daughter about faced, as she would have been terrified...skeletal dementors, dragons in front of you with smoke about to burn you to a crisp, spiders, and near misses. My wife braved it after me and didn't remove her hand from her face at all. She told me a woman was hyperventilating in a corner after the ride was over.
I will admit that some of the other posters are right when they say that the screen is a little bit blurry and the ride is definitely shaky.  If you do get motion sickness, this isn't the ride for you!! However, it is still a very fun ride!  I enjoyed every bit of it.  I am a big HP fan and would go on it just to stroll through Hogwarts to take pictures really.  The castle is filled with moving/talking pictures; a scene with Dumbledore; a scene with Harry, Ron, Hermione; the sorting hat; etc.  It's a really cool experience. We went in the off season and still had a 30 minute wait.  It goes by quickly and it's nice to have the castle to look at along the way.  There is no express pass for this ride, so I recommend going to this ride first.  Also, if you stay on site at one of Universal's hotels, you can get early access to the WW of HP and I highly recommend taking advantage of that extra hour and hitting this ride FIRST!
Lets just put it this way, if you are a die hard fan like me you will be blown away by everything on this ride. You get to walk through the castle which has that dank cold feeling you would expect it to have. You go through the defense against the dark arts classroom and there are real live holograms of the characters that just seem too real. I'm not gonna lie...I teared a bit cause it was just amazing and I wanted to do it over and over again.
Worth it. Just go. The lines can be long but it moves quickly and there are things to entertain you once you're inside the actual school. :D
We continued to get off the ride and back on it!
This ride is easily right up there with my favorite rides here. The ride is pretty good but my experience on it was the bad part. The line was only 25 mins at 5:25pm! When we got on the ride I was pretty dizzy and felt like I had to barf. But that is not all yet... We got stuck for about 10 minutes or so when I got off I spent a half an hour trying to barf at the hotel. The ride itself is 3.8 stars but my experience was 1.4. Sot that's why I give it a 2
You can't miss this ride! It's worth the wait! Be sure to NOT lock your camera in the lockers though--I wish I had known that! As part of the waiting line for this ride, you see TONS of different rooms of Hogwarts and I wish I had had my camera to take photos of parts of it!
Yay!! 'm a fan. I'll be back again. Thanks Harry !!!!
Single Ride til I die! .. Seriously, if you don't mind skipping the regular line decoration, don't mind sitting apart, and DO mind long waits, do the Single Rider shortcut option
This ride was nothing like I had imagined.  I thought it was similar to the Spiderman ride, but this is way better.  The line is usually 60-90 minutes long especially during the summer because of the big tourist groups and school's out. But if you're lucky and you go during a week day you can probably get in the line for 10-20 minutes.  Fridays and Saturdays are an inevitable 60-90 minute wait.  Sunday is a tad bit better (20-30 min, maybe).  If you have any loose articles with you, you will have to store them in the lockers, which are located at the very beginning when you enter the building or if you know someone in your party who isn't going to ride, leave it with them.  This ride does not go fast at all, although there are some motions that may cause one to get sick.  I don't want to say much about the ride because it's definitely a big treat when you find out how the ride actually is. Other than that, get ready for some in your face action! Honestly, it's probably the best ride at Islands of Adventure right now, especially since it's so unique from other rides, period. Have fun!
This ride was SOOOOO AWESOME!!!!!! Sunny day but forecasted to rain that night must have scared away the crowd! I heard stories of HOURS in this line, but we were in and on the ride within 5 minutes! In fact, I was holding up people trying to stop and look at ALL THE COOL THINGS IN LINE!!!! There was Dumbledor's Elevator, the live portraits, moving newspapers, the talking "Sorting Hat", and SO MUCH MORE!!! The line was worth it alone!! Then, you just top it all off wih the most AMAZING ride!!!! It's a seated ride that takes you through the movie! First there are screens that make you feel like you are in the HP world in the motion ride.... but wait, there's more!!! It moves into areas that are actual animatronics as well so you have dementors and spiders flying at you and in your face and you whiz through the castle and all over the world of HP. For the HP Land in this theme park AND for this ride, the creators simply missed nothing and devoted all attention to detail. Bravo.
BEST RIDE EVER! Harry Potter fans will absolutely love this. The only bad thing I have to say is that there is no Express Pass for this ride, which they definitely need to add because this is by far the most popular ride in the park. If you're staying in an Universal hotel, take advantage of the extra hour you get for Harry Potter world to get about a 15 minute wait. We waited about 45 minutes in the afternoon the 3 times we rode this ride. Another thing is that you have to store your items in a locker, which is free, but most of the lockers were full or had an extremely long line of people. The line itself is okay, but in the first 15-20 minutes or so is pretty boring, but then you enter the castle with many interesting props from the books and you can see Dumbledore and the Golden Trio, which looks like they're actually in the room. The ride itself is amazing. It really feels real, and when the dragon breathes fire, it actually feels hot. My daughter thought the dementor scene was a little scary, because its pretty dark and it sort of swoops up in your face, although I saw quite a few younger kids in line, but mostly teens and adults. My daughter loved the part where the rider follows Harry through a Quidditch game, and you fly high through the sky with a great view of Hogwarts. Loved this ride!
If you are prone to motion sickness DO NOT GO ON THIS RIDE. I had waited all year to finally go to Universal and experience this ride. So for Christmas my hubs got me an Annual pass, and we went on December 17th before the big Christmas rush of tourists. I even wore a red and yellow scarf for the occasion that student of mine had knitted because I was a huge HP fan! I was totally geeked out and and excited about going on this ride! Before riding I was mostly scared that I wouldn't fit in the seat, as I had heard horror stories about plus size riders being turned down last minute because they could not fit properly within the restraints. Now they have one adjusted seat per car which can fit a larger or even taller passenger, and now they have chairs for you to try before you enter the line to verify that you will fit in the seat. Although I did fit in the ride...I will caution you that if you are very tall the top of your head will touch a panel( I am 5'8", with a really long torso and I could not sit all the way back in my seat because I felt my head touching a bar), also, if you are a broad shouldered person (like many guys) your shoulders will also touch a side panel on the ride, and unfortunately if you're a very well endowed woman your chest might be in pain! The restraints on this ride are insane, and touch every part of your upper body, there's even a plastic piece that goes between your legs, so watch your junk gentlemen! As for the ride itself I know why they use the restraints the ride starts you upright in a seated position and quickly transitions you to a laying down position, face down, sideways position, and a segment where you feel like you're being shaken...like a Polaroid picture ;) Now back to my earlier warning, take the signs posted throughout the ride seriously if you're pregnant, are prone to motion sickness, or are claustrophobic etc. do not go on this ride! Unfortunately, the passenger next me on the ride did not heed these warnings and became very sick ON ME during the ride...twice. So yeah, I don't remember much of the ride because I was thinking of other things :( Hopefully my next experience will be better, and I'll be sure not to wear any fancy duds in case another tourist decides to toss their cookies at me....ewwww. ****PS. You cannot take any bags or purses on to this ride, there is no where for you to place it anyway.  So they have complimentary lockers for you to place your items in.  Try to save time and get a friend to hold your stuff outside the ride, because the lockers look chaotic and while you waste time stowing your stuff in a locker, people behind you in line will now get ahead of you.  They should have had the lockers outside the ride like they do for Men in Black at Universal Studios.
Let's see. About a 40 minute wait and all it is is another simulator ride. The walk through the castle is more entertaining than the ride itself. I wouldn't wait to go on it again unless the wait was less than 20 minutes. The Spider-Man simulator ride is MUCH more fun! Now that ride is worth the wait!!
Ok, full disclosure--I am reviewing Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey because the average rating is only 4.5 stars and I want to bump it up to 5! That's how much I love this ride. I became a Universal annual passholder specifically because of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, back in June of 2010. I had only heard a few rumors about the ride before I went on it--something along the lines of it being a mix between a coaster and a simulator ride (like The Simpsons Ride). I still contest that there's no way I could have anticipated what the ride would actually be like, you just need to experience it. It's intense at all the right moments, includes characters and highlights from all of the best scenes in the books/movies, and is overall worth the 45-60 minute wait. However, I still have a few tips to offer for those muggles who will be riding for the first time: 1. Either get to the Wizarding World section of the park early or late. The only time I have seen waits of only 20 or 30 minutes for this ride is right before the park is about to close or right after it just opened. This tip applies to the HP area of the park as a whole. 2. There is, in fact, a single riders line. Check to see if it's open, but if you're in a small group this will definitely save you time and is a good option to consider. 3. Stash your junk in a locker. They're located to the left of the general line entrance and are free for the first X amount of minutes (adjusted to give you enough time to ride and get your stuff without being charged). And for this ride you'll want the locker, trust me. 4. Be patient, but enjoy the "tour" of Hogwarts Castle before you get on the ride. Even though you might be waiting a while, at least you can use the opportunity to snap some awesome pictures. And also keep in mind that those who don't wish to ride can still do a walk through of the castle, as I saw some of the other Yelpers mention. 5. Universal Express is not available for this ride, so don't waste your money if that's why you want to buy an Express pass. Overall, I have waited 25 minutes for this ride, I have waited 65 minutes for this ride, but every single time I have come off of it with a smile on my face. *Note: I've actually gotten stuck in line on this ride TWICE because the ride was malfunctioning and had to be fixed. If you're unlucky enough to have this happen to you, don't worry, riders who were stuck receive free "skip the line" passes to go back and ride Forbidden Journey later in the day.
I get motion sick, so I had to close my eyes almost the entire ride so as not to puke on myself and the people next to me.  But my friend sitting next to me was having a ball!   Loved, loved, loved being able to walk through the castle while standing in line though.  It was one of my favorite parts of the park experience.  Although, I absolutely hated the whole locker deal halfway through the line.  You aren't allowed to bring anything on the ride and have to get a locker.  But the room they are in is soooooooo freakin' tiny that you can barely even reach the lockers, let alone find empty ones.  Once I found it, I had to manuevered through the directions on the computer screen, I almost couldn't find the locker I was assigned and the timer almost locked it back up.  I was in such a hurry to get out of that little room and make sure I caught back up with my friend, who stayed in line to hold our spot, that I forgot my glasses and put my prescription sunglasses inside the locker too.  This means I had nothing on that would let me see much of the castle.  I'm not super blind, but I was annoyed not to be able to see things in focus.  I had to rely on my camera phone and look at the shots later.   I did however get some fantastic shots in the line while we were waiting.  Thankfully this line also has a lot of shaded areas, because we were standing in it for about 2 hours.
Incredible ride, amazing special effects with things coming at you inches within your face like big hairy spiders (talkin' size of small babies) and dragon hissing at you. I love how the ride tilts and whirls so you're facing down, up, on your back, legs in the air. It's a thrill ride to be sure. (And a reason why they have to post stuff about recent heart attack, because well, you nearly could have one on this ride!) I got nauseous with about 2 minutes left, but I get motion sick easily on the 3-D rides. It's dizzying and zippy and for someone who doesn't easily know about Harry Potter creatures, they hit it out of the theme park on this one. Butter beer = delicious. Like the creamiest of root beer floats. I could feel my teeth deteriorating all day after it!
This is my favorite ride at Islands! I'm not a fan of six flag type of rides but this one has a good amount of scary moments without the feeling of weightlessness.  I have to admit though, the spiders are pretty realistic and frightening!
You must go on this ride. Considering the rest of Universal is pretty dead and lame this ride exceeded my expectations! The best way to go through the park is early in the morning when there aren't so many kids/families (no offense). If you were to get there late, the wait in line isn't too bad because it's pretty much a tour through Hogwarts. The designers were so meticulous with every detail that waiting in line was  was an adventure in itself. This isn't one of those amazing/scary roller coasters but everything else about it made it amazing.
Universal broke the mold when they created this Gem. It's an amazing ride that you have to experience first hand to appreciate because mere words can never do it any justice. The walk through just to get to the ride is awesome. Beware though if you are coming here during the summer months prepare for a hellishly long wait time. Come here during cooler weather for far shorter wait times. The price of admission to this theme parks all pays off when you get on this one ride. 2 thumbs wayyyyyy up!
I loved this ride! It's 4D with lots of twists and turns and does a great job of incorporating things from the movie. It was definitely one of my favorites in the whole park. The entire exterior and interior is decorated well to look like the Hogwarts castle. It really makes you feel like you're in the world of Harry Potter. Expect a long wait though, when I went the line was around 2 hours.
We rode it in the morning. It was our first ride at Islands/Universal. The sign board said 75 minutes, but it was closer to 120 minutes--TWO HOURS. The wait was awful, especially in the beginning. I wish they had screens playing clips or the movies to keep us entertained (like the Simpsons ride at Universal shows clips all throughout the line). At a certain point we got told to put our stuff away in the lockers which we did and lost our place in line. This was after over an hour of waiting. When we got back in line about 20 people had moved forward. The lockers are a clusterf*ck. They should've put them in an OUTDOOR area like the rest of the other rides in the park. *****I also realized later anyone can put their stuff in lockers and then cut in line. The staff won't know at all because that area is such a freaking mess. I hope they redesign the locker situation for summer season when it'll be even busier. We went back around 8:30pm to ride it again and the line was going fast....until the ride broke down. We were 20 people away from the door when it broke down! People got stuck in it for 40 minutes---how scary!!! I would've had an anxiety attack being stuck in that ride. But before that mess up the line was going very fast so I suggest riding it late at night to avoid a two hour wait time. We waited until it got fixed because I didn't want to leave Orlando without riding it once more. I loved it. If you're a fanatic you'll really enjoy it. There are so many little details that they took care of in the rooms before getting to the ride. I loved the snow! The ride itself is just tons of fun. It moves fast and it's very thrilling. PS Your feet dangle so you'll definitely lose your flip flops if you wear them. I sat on mine and was fine.
The most amazing ride I have ever been on!
Definitely one of the best rides I've ever been on. If you do tend to get sick on crazy rides, you will feel a little nauseated on this one. Be strong and you'll get through it, because this ride is worth it. :) After about 5 minutes of being off the ride I felt all better. Then I went on it again.
This is a fun ride with a lot of attention put into details. If you stay at an onsite hotel, you are given the opportunity to enjoy this ride before it opens up to everyone else, which is very beneficial since the wait time is usually ridiculous. If you tend to get motion sick, do yourself and everyone else around you a favor and don't go on! I witnessed someone come off the ride with vomit all over his shirt and even in his hair.
Great ride for kids and adults with multi-sensory experience.  Butterbeer not bad, but one is all you need...sweet!
Seriously the best ride I have ever been on in.my.life. No joke! I didn't even mind standing in the queue, because the theme details were so neat to look at! I really felt like I was on an adventure with Harry. It is a bit rough and jarring, so little children/old people may not enjoy it so much. I have to admit, after riding it a second time (right after lunch), I felt queasy and off balanced. But it was so worth it! So good!!
Horrible ride.  Loud, confusing, just a series of nausea inducing vignettes that don't make sense while the robotic arm shakes you senseless, interspersed with throwing scary animatronics at you one after the other.  About as much fun as a grand mal siezure.  Left my eight year old Harry Potter fan a limp rag wanting desperately to go home.  And this is considered entertainment?  Thrilled we didn't have to wait in line, we would have felt incredibly ripped off.  Astonishingly bad. Two stars for the art direction -- building is beautiful, talking paintings are cool.  Probably would have been better to have waited in line to enjoy the craftsmanship, then skipped the ride at the end.
This was so much better than I had anticipated.  It isn't one of those rides that lasts 15 seconds.  You can really enjoy it and settle in to the ride.  When we went the line wasn't too long but it's still worth the wait.  You really feel like you are there part of all the action.  Wonderful kid passing area- by far the best I have ever seen.  This ride is also really smooth.  I went to Florida pregnant and my husband rode rides and told me which I could go on and which I couldn't...and this ride was easy and safe and still an amazing ride.  Of course it drops you off in a store but it's a really good, large store.  Would definitely do again!
This is my favorite ride at IOA. I was lucky to be here early, so the wait only lasted for about 20 minutes. The castle was so nice! It was very detailed and almost exactly like the movies. I loved how they included the moving pictures, as well as other details shown in the movie. It seems as if they put a lot of work into this castle. The ride isn't a roller coaster, there's still a lot of spinning and at one point, you're kind of lifted upward. Everything was just so detailed, I was just so blown away by this ride. You can't miss out on this ride when you're at this park. This ride is a must!
Loved this ride. They should call Harry Potter and the missing shoes - because I almost lost mine. The ride queue is authentic which I loved. The ride itself is unbelievable. Only downside was how loud some parts were. A coworker and I decided to go on this together and we agreed after wards our ears were ringing.
Way too much for me.  I have trouble with motion rides, but LOVED Soarin' at Disney.  This was WAY too much for me and had trouble for a while after.  Again, I am not a good judge as I have difficulty on carousels!  The castle tour was great though!   Fantastic job and my kids LOVED it!  Though, some of the scarier death-eater parts were too much for my 8 year old, who scares somewhat easily.
The ride of all rides. Easily the best part of the Islands of adventure. The special effects and visuals are beyond comprehension. As other posts mention, the waiting in line is incredible. You really do feel like you are in hogwarts. The pictures that talk really do look like the pictures are talking. You can't tell it's a screen. When Harry, Ron and Hermione meet you, it also looks incredibly real as if they really are on the balcony. The ride itself it terrifying. You are jolted, turned, dropped and spun. Do not suggest eating or drinking anything for an hour before the ride. We needed to sit down and recover with a butterbeer afterwards. I can't imagine having a child on this ride. I'm an adult and it was terrifying. Huge dragons and dementors jumping out at you. The special effects were incredible. I have never seen anything look more real. My criticism is that the exit is a bit confusing and congested as you have to retrieve your belongings from the lockers while others are entering and putting their things into the lockers. I also wish that you would have seen more of the castle and been able to explore areas and walk around to see different rooms rather than viewing a few select rooms while in line.
Well I enjoyed most of the ride.  The wait was super long, almost two hours.  We were only at Universal for one day, so we didn't mind the wait.  The line is awesome as it is decorated like Hogwarts with talking and moving pictures on the walls and everything.  I would have given this 5 stars, however, a couple of seconds in to the ride it got stuck.  They turned on all the lights and we were stuck in the air for 20 minutes.  Then once they got everything working they continued the ride with the lights still on so you couldn't see much.  Only at the tail end did everything go back to normal.  I was hoping that they would have offered us to ride again, so we could have experienced how it would  have been normally, but that didn't happen. And I was not about to wait two more hours.
Very cool! Fortunately we only waited 30 minutes in line so it was worth it. I'd never wait 2+hours in line like I've heard some people say. The pictures inside the house actually talk like in the movie...very unique. Impressive and original...
Hands down, the best ride in the park!!  Get to the park early and sprint to this ride.  The lines for this one get RIDICULOUSly long.
Great ride, and fun journey! I had no idea what to expect, so I suspect this made it better for me. As everyone has laid out the details here, i won't bore you with them! But, I would wait in line for this one again. Go, Harry!
This is the ride where everyone comes here to see and enjoy. Despite what I mentioned of having weak stomachs and fear of simulation rides, I love this ride the most.  Even the 30 minute wait was well worth waiting for. Great special and sound effects. There were some minor violent tossing and turning but not as bad as the Spiderman ride.  Watch out for the Dementors!
AWESOME..is there any other word for it !!! We had to wait 2 hrs to ride, but so glad we did...recommend to all who go to florida on vacation !!!!
My companions loved it.  My stomach didn't but it's state-of-the-art for a simulator ride.  Loved the walk through the picture gallery in the castle.
Do u like Harry potter?  it was a fun simulation ride.
Amazing, truly amazing ride! The special effects and the details inside the castle were completely awesome! It was also great that me and my mom got there early before 9AM (because of our room cards from Lowes Royal Pacific Hotel) and only had to wait 5 minutes! This ride along with the Dragon Challenge were my favorite rides! Great way to spend our Monday (12/12/11)!
So since you can't hear the squeals and see the excited finger-pointing to relics from parts of the book series I unleashed all over this place via Yelp, I will try to communicate my enthusiasm through the power of the written world. The Hogwarts castle is radical. You take a tour through the herbology greenhouse (complete with shrewy mandrakes), a stroll past the classy sassy picture of the Fat Lady of Gryffindor Commons, the magical mirror where Harry sees his parents, a hologram of the main 3 movie characters talking to you, and my favorite, a tall room with all the talking portraits of the Hogwarts famous. Man, I geeked out hard while waiting for this ride. It's most certainly the most worthwhile ride in the whole park for Potter lovers because you get to see all the cool props during your wait through the windy 'dungeon' but it has the correspondingly longest lines (up to 2 friggin' hours). If you get motion sick or have an irrational, debilitating fear of gigantic spiders you might soil yourself on this ride through both ends (fair warning). But if you can teach yourself to breathe through it and love awesome visual effects and want to feel like you're flying then YES you want to go on THIS forbidden journey.
Loved the ride and would highly recommended it!! Shame my stomach thought otherwise and I near enough threw up whilst on it!! Just confirms I can't go on simulators!! :-(
This is really really good simulation ride.  But the wait, the line and the hot temperature was really awful.   So 5 stars for the ride, and 2 stars for the arrangement (and weather) = 4 stars.
Yea~ It is well-designed, it's 3D in there, so you really feel like you are flying!!!!! Story line is awesome! There's a bunch of stuff to look at in the castle when you wait for the ride, there's a single rider line, USE IT!!!! but then you skip through some of the spots in the castle.....your pick!!! I like this ride~ It might be hard for smaller children to buckle themselves in, they will need help from the employees, just throwing it out there.
First- Tips to avoid the wait: Don't take a bag, the line for the lockers is the bulk of the wait. If you have to lock up a bag, use one of the lockers nearby, like at Dragon Challenge. Just go in to the main gate to the left of the locker line (ask the attendant if you are unsure about where to go). Also, go in the singles line, there is a good chance you can sit with at least one other person in your party, and it is much faster. As far as the ride, I hate to say it, but I still like Spider Man better. This ride is similar in construction to Spider Man, but just not as fun. Perhaps this is because I am not a Harry Potter fan. The biggest problem, the focus on the screen. It was so blurry it really pulled me out of the fantasy. Don't know if this is a common problem, but I saw at least one other comment about it. Otherwise it would have been a pretty fun, albeit tame, ride.
If you're a fan of the Potter books or films, you'll enjoy this, but get ready for a long wait!
The ride was pretty fun.  The special effects were pretty good and they combined it with animatronics sections very well. I loved how you walk through the castle - makes the waiting time way more interesting.  I went during off season so the wait at most was 45min.  What I don't like about this is that you can't enjoy your time going through the castle and looking at all the details Universal put into this ride. Overall: I definitely recommend this ride.   Tip: Walk passed the entrance of this ride and go to the gift shop.  The locker rooms are connected to the gift shop.  Put all your belongings in the free lockers (except your camera so you can take pictures!).  You can hop into the line from there and bypass maybe 30min of the wait (depending on what season you go). Tip: The gift shop connected to this ride is PACKED.  You can buy pretty much anything you see in this shop elsewhere.
If I was a HP enthusiast I would be in heaven.
This was probably the single-most amazing ride I've ever been on in any amusement park. How the car alternated between huge video screens, and flying between real sections of Hogwarts Castle was just astounding. It's too innovative to even describe.
worth the wait, it was most awesome ride ever!!!
Fun our ride did break down during but would totally recommend.
AWESOME! They didn't miss any details.
Upon arriving at The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, we found outrageous crowds and lines for every attraction. My family and I were astounded to find a two hour wait for Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey located in the Hogwarts castle. We were prepared to wait in the line, but an employee named Douglas approached us and asked how many people were in our party, and whether we were interested in the tour or just the ride. Our answer: five, and just the ride. Douglas told us we could store our belongings in a locker and proceed with him through a back door to the front of the line. We felt so lucky and we appreciated the special treatment. On a side note, the ride was awesome and we can't wait to come again!
Absolutely the best ride ever! The only problem that I have is because it is so popular the lines was very very long but very worth the wait.
The best ride I've ever been to. Great for people who love Harry Potter and want to be in the magic world.
I have to say that I was thoroughly surprised by this attraction.  The line for one, was incredible.  There was a lot of attention to detail to make sure that you don't get bored and you can see a lot of the school.  When you get ready to get on the ride you are thinking crap, it's just another kiddy ride and I'm not going to enjoy it.  Well you are wrong.  The way the ride moves you is incredible.  It makes you feel like you are apart of the action.  The blend of video along with animatronics is awesome too.  You should definitely give this ride a go.
I am not a Harry Potter fan, never read a book, but I LOVED this ride.  My family of four varies greatly in our tolerance of rides but we all loved this ride.  If the line weren't so long, we would have ridden it a second time.
I went here on a Saturday in March.  It was packed.  Note to self: Use the bathroom before getting in the long 2 hour line for this ride.  There is NO bathroom along the way.  They sell beer and water in a little stand near the beginning of the line.  I thought it was great, at first.....until I had to pee and realized I had to wade through the long lines of people to get to the bathroom that was all the way in the town of Hogsmeade, then excuse myself back up to my place in line which was horrible.  The sun was so bright and hot in one area of the line with no fans.  They need to put up some sun shade sails.  Def bring extra sunscreen.  The attention to detail was great.  I loved it once inside the castle.  The portrait room was outstanding.  As for the ride itself, it was good, but not great.  I LOVE roller coasters and could go on them all day.  But this was a 'virtual roller coaster."  All the spinning with a TV in front of you was not my thing.  I got a little nauseous.
One of the coolest rides ever! After being on so many airplanes, a cruise, rollercoasters, cars and shuttles; I was feeling a little queesy but not enough to pass this up. My bf is a huge HP fan, me on the other hand, not so much but I loved that ride! At first you walk up to the castle and then the line goes through the castle, you pass some talking paintings and its so cool because they all look real and then the talking hat, you also pass through the room with the floating candles. Even the line was really cool to go through, it was like a self guided tour of Hogwarts. Getting through the castle to the actual ride takes a while, we were there on a pretty yucky looking day as far as weather goes so there weren't too many people and the wait was at most 30 minutes, but you can see that the line clearly has capacity for a 2 hour wait, so on any other day I'd get there in a hurry! The line is really something memorable though, there were people actually waiting at parts of the line area where other people were passing because they wanted to stay to watch the animations. The ride itself was kind of like Haunted Mansion style where you sit in the ride and you move through rooms. Half of the ride is projection screens but it looks so real! Then the other half is rooms full of props that you ride through. The story of the ride is pretty much following Harry and his friends while flying. You really felt as if you were there, its a fun experience. It definately sucks you in.
Not worth a wait over 30 min in my mind. It was okay. Should be 3D and more high def.
the castle is awesome
better than expected. absolutely lovedddd this line. worth the wait! :d
So realistic! Great idea for a ride, never ridden anything like it. Such a fun experience!!! I rode it four times total during my three day trip. Everything from waiting in line (memorable things in Hogwarts) to the actual ride was AMAZING! Jaw dropping for sure.
I rode the Harry Potter ride twice and wasn't impressed.  The queue was very good.  Lots of references to things in the books. Loved the talking pictures.  But the ride was a disappointment.  There's too much jerking around to really notice what's  going on around you on the big screen.  The imagery is too dark and goes by too fast.  I read a description of what scenes a rider "flies by" and I don't recall seeing most of what's mentioned. The Dementors section was boring.  The Spiderman ride is so much better with its 3D effects. Even the Mummy ride was more enjoyable.  If you go on this ride, get in line and enjoy the queue. Unfortunately, that's the best part.
I only give this ride three stars cause the castle itself was awesome they did a good job making it look like Hogwarts but the ride itself was a disappointment.  I got in early and got to ride it first thing and would be very ticked off if I had waited 2 hours for that ride like most people cause it make's you motion sick REALLY BAD.  There was no thrill to the ride it just dangles you back and forth to different screens to make you feel like your flying on a broom but you don't feel that way you feel like your going to puke.
I went in as this this ride is so popular and I just want to experience it..  This ride is not for me and i will tell you why.  Before I went on the ride, I did some research to find out what exactly this ride is about.  Most of the reviews are positive, few warned of motion sickness.  First of all, I love Soaring ride in Disney. It is a much soothing and relaxing simulation ride.  Harry Potter ride, it is packed with sudden moves from left to right, upward and downward.  I am pretty sure the movements are not more than several feet, but they are quick jerkings!  especially with super up close video in front of you, motion sickness was from the beginning to the end for me.  I closed my eyes most of the time and motion sickness went away dramatically.  But what is the point of riding it if you can't enjoy it?! For those who loved the ride, don't get me wrong.  My main point of this review is to warn those who gets motion sickness easily.  It is not an easy smooth ride!
Best ride in both parks. I recommend getting to the park early and riding this first, there is no express pass allowed yet, although there is so much to see while waiting in line from Dumbledores office to the mirror of erisad. The ride itself is great, definitely one of the most visually stimulating and thrilling rides in the park. Combinations of rollercoaster type rides mixed with large screen visualls that play on your sense of perception with added 4D effects with rain, heat, wind, and of course the dementors kiss. A must on your trip, probably not for little kids but if your a Harry Potter fan, you wont be disappointed.
This is a great ride with amazing effects.   I have never seen Harry Potter but still loved the ride.   I was lucky enough to have only a 5 minute wait on the single rider line.   While you do bounce around a little bit, it is not a rough roller coaster ride, at least not to me.
Awesome, awesome, awesome ride!!! First off, the dreaded WAIT TIMES: I'll just say this. The first time I came, it was summer mid-day and the wait was over two hours. The second time, it was still summer and 8:30pm and the wait time was nonexistant. We practically ran through the castle! Since I had spent so much time waiting before, I didn't need to see everything again but I wished that my boyfriend had more time to take it all in. Not complaining about no wait though. Lesson learned, come at night! Especially now that Gringotts is open, you will get through here quickly and easily. Hooray! Secondly, Hogwarts: amazing. The attention to detail in the paintings, room decorations and signage is impressive. You see major players from the books and movies like Dumbledore and the fat lady guarding Gryffindor. I really felt like I was immersed in the Potter world. I loved it! Finally, the ride: I've never experienced anything like it. You sit down in groups of four and before you know it you are whisked away to follow Harry and friends on an exhilarating trip. The 3D effects are perfect and the props are huge and realistically scary. I won't give away the details but this is a must-do in Hogsmeade and probably the best ride of Adventure Island or maybe even Universal as a whole. The only problem I had was one that they warned us about endlessly. Motion sickness. Due to the nature of the ride you are literally lifted up on a forklift type arm and then shaken around in front of a revolving screen. About 20 seconds in I started focusing less on the storyline and more wondering if I was going to throw up and if so, how far my vomit would fall until it hit the floor (probably 20 feet or more). Luckily, it hasn't happened yet but I pity the person who has to clean the floors because I'm sure this happens a lot. Overall this is a fantastic ride and even better than the Diagon Alley ride, Escape From Gringotts. If you're tight on time, choose this ride over the other one. Not only is the line quicker, but the overall experience is better too!
This ride was well worth the wait.... Plus the wait was a tour through hogwarts so you can't really complain. I just wish I didn't lock away my phone in a safe before entering. Make sure to try the seat on the outside of the castle before going on the ride!!! The man next to me waited almost an hour to get turned away for his seat not being able to lock properly due to his weight! Lastly, the ride was amazing but not for those who get motion sickness.... Like me.however,  I still loved it through my sickness.
I find this ride is best to go on around lunch, as the line seems to get shorter. Even with the line, there's so much stuff to see that it's really not too bad. I think it's only more frustrating when you get caught out in the hot greenhouse area. The ride itself is super unique and blends simulations with actual contraptions very well. I found I appreciated it most for the story, as it's not meant to be a death-defying thrill ride. Keep in mind when they say to hurry to catch your enchanted bench, they mean it! They use a moving walkway system, so don't get left behind.
This was such a bomb ride. Take the single rider line if you can. You may just end up with your friend in line. If you get nauseous on simulators, you may want to reconsider. But again. Best I've been on in a long time.
They do not offer the Express Pass on this ride, but I enjoyed waiting in line. "Woohoo!" The line for this ride is really cool. You walk around in "the garden" with a greenhouse roof and Mandrakes locked in cages. Then you enter "the castle" where you wind through a series of rooms that are familiar from the books. Hallways with wizard photos, Dumbledore's office, classrooms, The Fat Lady that guards Gryffindor tower. Some rooms also play little videos with audio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione running around. This is helpful when you're in line for 45 minutes. The actual ride was really cool. You're on a bench with a few friends and this bench "flies" through a variety of scenarios. It's on a slow-moving track, but swivels around to create a more exciting feeling. This is not like the typical track with simulated movement rides. This is a different feeling and I definitely preferred it to (rides like) Spiderman. I really loved this. As a roller coaster lover, the only thing that could make it better is more movement along the track.
Disclosure: I've been a HUGE Harry Potter fan since I was 12. This is the BEST RIDE IN THE WORLD! Haha, no but seriously. This is my favorite ride of all time, and not just because I'm a big Harry Potter nerd. The line is always long, the shortest I've ever seen it is 45 minutes and I usually visit the parks during non-peak times, so just suck it up and wait it out, you definitely won't regret it. Hogwarts castle was beautifully constructed and makes you feel like it is an actual castle hidden in the English countryside cloaked by some secret spell. It's almost a carbon copy of the one they actually show in the movies. Every time I see the castle it takes breath away and I snap some shots of it and I'm annual pass holder and visit the parks at least 3 times a year. It's like seeing it for the first time every time. They really did an excellent job. Now, once you get inside it's truly a world of wonder and you're immersed into Harry Potter's magical world. It makes you question whether or not it actually exists and we are just oblivious Muggles (plain old boring humans, for you non-HP fans). Everything is so incredibly made and spot on. The details that went into all the decorations within the line queue is truly impressive. On to the actual ride, I've never ridden anything like this before. It has elements of the ride Soaring from Epcot, where there's these huge screens projecting a video and you're flying over the scenery. I really don't know how they pull it off, because you never see anyone else on the ride but the people in the same little car as you. And then the ride also has amazing animatronics. Every time I ride it, I feel like a child. It genuinely startles me at times and I find and appreciate new things within the ride I hadn't seen before. You're flying on a "broom" with Harry and the gang and although the ride is not very fast moving, it does flip you and move you all over the place. It's not a roller coaster, but just as thrilling in my opinion. Both Harry Potter fans of all types and people who can care less about Harry Potter will enjoy and appreciate the ride. It's a really unique experience, do not miss it!
This is the shining gem of Universal. This ride could be compared to the Simpson's ride or Spider-Man on steroids. There is a disclaimer about motion sickness but I went on this ride 8 times in a row and didn't have a problem. I happened to go to the park alone and as such went as a single rider and boy was the line non existent! I waited about 3 minutes each time. In fact the walk to get to the line was longer than the line itself. Part of the line is fun though since there are pictures and you can see Hogwarts. My only complaints are that inside of Hogwarts it's very very very dark and there is no cell phone reception which made it hard to send pictures to friends. Remember to check bags quickly. This is a bit of a project at the ride.
This made me really dizzy but no regrets as it was great seeing the detail inside the castle as we waited in line!
This has to be the best ride in the park!   Walking in, you are taken into Hogwarts.  There are imposing statues, talking photos, a class room setting  and much to see in every section of the line leading up to the ride.  The planners for this ride knew that the lines would be long so they did their best to keep guests entertained.  Whether you are a ardent fan or stumbled into this ride, you are sure to be impressed by the attention to detail. The ride itself is pretty fun (I rode it twice) and good for kids to seniors.  It's definitely a ride, but not a roller coaster.  There are some sharp movements, drop and flashing lights, but it's nothing too dramatic.  You are taken through the world of Harry Potter as if sitting on a broom, participating in a Quidditch match, fighting dementors, etc. At one point during the ride, each "car" comes to a stop and a bright light flashes.  Keep your eyes open because in a few seconds you will see your image  projected in front of you.  Blink and you will miss it, as my friend did, but I was able to see it both times. From the outside, this ride looks like the Hogwarts castle.  Once inside, get ready to have a great time.
Great ride, even if you aren't a fan of Harry Potter. The ride is groundbreaking and a new style for rides. Just went on the ride again yesterday. Ride is very jerky and screwed up my Stomach for the rest of the day. Granted that's my fault but just keep that in mind before you ride. We also got stuck for 10 minutes sideways lol that was interesting and they let us ride it again!
Mandatory locker designed into the line. Pair it with the exit.  Worst idea ever! This ride breaks down as often as the sun comes out.  We went there the moment the park opened, blam, the ride was broken.  Okay!  We wait around, ride some other rides, couple hours later, still broken.  We go ride hulk, and some other stuff, and check again, it's finally open.  The line was about an hour long but we aint coming from california to not ride this ride.  We waited and it was completely worth it.  One of the best rides ever!  It was so good we went back before park closed and waited another hour in line.  Then it BROKE DOWN AGAIN! They eventually gave up and gave everyone passes for another day.  Unfortunately, that was our one and only day there.  Luckily we got a chance at it.   This is seriously one of the best rides on earth.  Especially if you are a harry potter fan.  There is nothing that compares at this moment.  It's not really a crazy roller coaster or anything but rather a great experience.   Even though it breaks like no other, lines are long, still five stars.  all day, errrday!
SO COOL!!! If you are a Harry Potter fan you have to do this, multiple times. This is a simulated ride that has a 3d experience as a member of the Wizarding World. You are taken through Hogwarts castle as you wait. I skipped that as a single rider and only had to wait 5-10 minutes. But there are still cool artifacts on the single rider side. As you approach the ride, the sorting hat places people into houses. As for the ride, if you are prone to motion sickness or are bothered by strobe lights, you should skip this. It simulates flying, being chased by dementors, the tri wizard tournament. It was so awesome. I had to ride it multiple times. If you have a bag, you need to deposit it in one of the free lockers that universal provides you. I don't love the fingerprint system though. I hope they wipe that information.
Wow, how technology has really ratcheted up this ride. This was a mixture of a 3-D screen, and interactive all at once, with a crane that literally takes you from scene to scene as you accompany Harry on a Quidditch match gone awry with Dementors. Some are on the screen, others are animatronic so they literally come at you. But the best part is the holograms as you walk through the castle, and the fake snow in one of the rooms where Hermoine helps Harry with the invisibility cloak. But before the walk through, everyone has to put there things in a locker. Then you walk through Hogwarts seeing images of Dumbledore, Harry, the Talking Hat, etc. The best, most realistic ride I've ever been on. Want a few tips? If you want to get in faster, take the singles line. If you want to take more pictures, finish the ride first, then come back and tell the Wizarding Prefect that you want to walk through the castle. They'll let you in different line where you can take all the pictures you want. Also, this is NOT a ride for young children. I've seen far too many children crying, and it is a bit scary for those not in their teens. I saw a girl around 6 and a boy around 8 crying their eyes out. Their stupid parents will probably have to pay for extra night lights or therapy for awhile. But, this is the best ride in the park by far!
Ok.... we got lucky. We were able to ride this 2 times and more if my daramine hadn't started to wear off. The best ride with lots of twist and turns. The line was cool and had lots to keep u entertained.  Although we only waited maybe 10mins both times. AwesomeSauce The ride itself has lots of cool features. It was like being in the ride. Also the camera is in the spiders den ... we missed it twice thinking it was by the dragons breath.
BEST. RIDE. EVER! It was the only ride in all of Universal/IOA AND Disney that I rode twice.  Granted I did the single rider line each time and there was absolutely zero wait. Seriously.  It really stands out as the best ride I've ever been on at any amusement park.
If you're a die hard Harry Potter fan like me then you'll love this ride! However, if you're prone to motion sickness do NOT go on this ride without Dramamine or some other medicine. I get motion sickness from everything and the Dramamine helped for the first half of this ride but I started to feel sick towards the end. Lots of jerking, on your back then motions on the screen. Even if you aren't prone to get motion sickness I'd suggest taking something. The wait was long but the detail throughout the castle while waiting makes it worth while! At points in line where we move too fast I'm like no!! Because I didn't get to see the decorations fully.
Love, love, love this ride! You actually feel like you are flying, all while totally safe. I never even watched the Harry Potter movies (not my style), but that doesnt stop the ride from being a top notch experience.
This was the first time in my life that when leaving an attraction I said, "I wish that we would have spent more time in line."  I was not prepared for how incredible this whole experience was going to be.  I'm a casual Harry Potter fan at best.  I've seen most of the movies, but I'm not going to remember (or care about) the majority of the terminology, lore, etc surrounding the franchise.  Even so the whole experience took my breath away, which hasn't happened at a theme park in a long time.  If a casual fan such as myself had that reaction I can only imagine what die hard Harry Potter fans get out of this. When you turn the corner from Hogsmeade and first get a proper glimpse of Hogwarts castle it looks huge and imposing.  The size and minute details are so impressive.  It really feels like you're walking up to a castle built onto the side of a cliff.  Once you go inside you actually go back outside almost immediately.  The first part of the queue is outside in a greenhouse.  I found this part to be dull and boring.  Not much to look at and nothing happens.  Thank goodness there are multiple fans blowing on you because we all know what the Florida heat can be like.  When you finally enter the castle then the magic starts to happen.  I don't want to give anything away.  Just be prepared to see familiar faces.  My favorite part was a recreation of the talking paintings that were so memorable in the movies.  They don't look like someone just slapped monitors on the walls.  They really look like moving paintings. As for the ride itself I found it completely thrilling.  It's not a roller coaster, but if you're prone to motion sickness I would definitely be wary about riding. It really did make me feel like I was flying a few times. It also managed to honestly startle me at one point.  I would be wary about bringing small children who frighten easily on this. As a geek I was completely fascinated by the technology behind this ride.  With the Spiderman ride your vehicle will pause for a second in front of a video screen before moving on, but with the Forbidden Journey there are multiple lengthy sequences where your vehicle (which seats four) has a huge domed screen centered on your vehicle as you fly around.  But the ride vehicles never stop for loading.  They're continuously moving much like the Doom Buggies at the Haunted Mansion.  So the next group of people is right behind you but you don't see them.  I've never seen anything like it before. If the ride would have been all video screens it wouldn't have worked nearly as well for me.  Same if it would have been all animatronics.  The designers combined everything perfectly for an amazing experience.   At the end of the day I was the only one that wanted to ride it again so I was able to make use of the single rider line and ride it three more times.  Each time I noticed little details that I hadn't noticed before.  I think I have found my new favorite theme park ride.
First off, I'm not a Harry Potter fan by any means.  I have seen a few of the movies and its really impressive to see it come to life in Orlando.  They did a tremendous job on this particular ride as its pretty fun.  Wait times are said to be an hour long, but its always moving.
If you're doing the FastPass around Universal...you'll have to plan around this ride as you can't use it here. Solution? Run here when the park opens and get in line! The wait will probably already be an hour, but if you're here in the summer...at least it's morning and it's not too hot yet (hopefully). This is a great, fun way to kick off your Universal Studios adventure. Even waiting and going through the fun castle is a blast. I won't spoil the ride itself, but it's something that my fiance and I still talk about 6 months after the fact. Don't miss this at Universal!
It was absolutely the scariest ride I've been on, but the best ride I've ever encountered! You have to put your things in lockers here and it is a complete mess.  It's so crowded that sometimes I was under someone's armpit.  People are shoving everywhere and it's nearly impossible to find an empty locker.  It was madness. The wait time is usually long, but trust me, you want that.  This is the only way to see inside Hogwarts and it is freaking magnificent.  I wish the wait was longer so I can really see every detail! I'm glad I took my phone with me so I can take some pictures of the props.  So beautiful. The ride itself was crazy, there were so many times I wanted to crap myself.  It was half 3D and the other half robots.  Those things look pretty real though.  I made the mistake of wearing sandals here and I was crossing my toes for the life of me because there were so many times I wanted to kick away from the animatronics.   Best ride I've ever been on.  Its well worth the wait and then some.
This ride is an exciting new direction for theme parks. I'm a ride junkie myself, and I just love the way this whole thing was engineered. The queue is also magnificent as you get to feel like you're finally inside Hogwarts.
#1: HP The Forbidden Journey: Hands Down - the original, all star, Harry Potter and Amazing Wizarding World attraction... IE the ride inside of Hogsmeade and the Hogwarts Castle is the best attraction in the park. Between the fake snow, pumping air conditioning, planted forbidden forest, tour of the castle's interior as you wait in line, etc... its like you've been transported to Scotland. At night - when the Castle is lit up - it is even more magical. Even with the mosquitos. Even though the digital projections are not as advanced as the Gringotts experience, the ride is complete and amazing. You tour the castle. You fly on a broom. You get chased by a dragon. You PLAY QUIDDITCH! AND MORE. I was really surprised the older ride was the better of the two main HP features... but the full plot, varied cameos, and complete nature of it just makes it a better experience overall.   Be forewarned... Hogsmeade is no where near as complete as Diagon Alley in the shopping/wizarding universe... for example, Zonko's is there in name only and is actually the check out cashier section for Honeydukes... but the rides in Hogsmeade portion of the park are much, much better. So between the castle, Forbidden Journey itself, and the availability of something to do other than shop... Hogsmeade is still the best.
LOVED this! I am not a roller coaster person at all and was very apprehensive about this ride. To anyone looking to find out: Its not a roller coaster! We got to the park about 9:30 and went straight to the ride. The wait time said 20 minutes but really, it only took about 10. You go through Hogwarts castle and encounter talking pictures, the headmasters quarters and other important objects while waiting in line (any true harry potter fan will be able to see what these are). I wish I could have taken my camera, all of the inside of the castle was very well done and detailed. It was nice that the outside part of the line was covered, with fans blowing. Maybe it was all of the things to look at but it made the line part of the ride. At one point, it snows inside while in line. How cool!? I wanted to look more at everything but the line was going so fast! The ride itself is a great mixture of simulated flying, simulated dropping, moving high up and down and a little bit tilted back in the beginning. There are some very tiny "drops" but they are really just turning your chair to the front and moving you to the next section. There will be spiders and dementors that jump up close to your face and mist some water at you. Again, I am not a roller coaster person and even some rides scare me but this was great. Ive heard that if you don't like a lot of motion sit in the 2 seats in the middle. But that's just what ive heard. We went back to the area again later in the day and the wait was still saying only 20 minutes. we decided to go on the gryphon roller coaster instead and that was also fun. But WAY too short. I recommend this to anyone who is able to go on this ride! the one downside is the locker location is so close to the gift shop. very crowded and a lot of confusion in such a tight dimply lit space. on the plus side that we didn't learn until the end of the day, the gift shop after the ride allows you to carry your ticket all day and pick up your gifts at the end of the day, get them shipped to the front of the park, shipped to your hotel, or even mail your gifts out from the park! we couldn't really follow the 'story line' of the ride as we went through it so quickly but id rather have that happen than standing there! Someone did mention that the actual animatronics where a bit lacking when you really look at them and now that I think of it that's a bit true. but I didn't even think about that until now. 5 STARS TO GRYFFINDOR!
Absolutely brilliant. Im a ride/thrill lover in  general, and this has got to be the COOLEST ride I have ever enjoyed!! I love the fact that you get to wait through hogwarts, it keeps you entertained through long lines. The actual ride is a great combination of all kinds of ride effects. Honestly I cant even explain it, the visuals...the crazy movements. If youre a harry potter fan this is an absolute MUST!! Even if you aren't..like me...its still incredible! Just do it! Warning for small children...there ARE somewhat scary, pop-up parts of the ride
Awesome ride!!!  We lucked out and were at Universal on a slowish day. Essentially no wait. Was almost disappointed that we walked through the castle so quickly.  We went on the ride twice and I loved every second. Coolest ride ever!!  My only complaint is that we weren't told to put our bag in a locker, free by the way, the first time through. We had to get out of line and go down some stairs to the lockers then rejoin the line
Absolutely amazing! One of my favorite rides. I loved it so much I rode it like 7 times. There isn't much more I can say that my fellow yelpers haven't already covered, so I'm going to keep it short. You get to go inside friggin Hogwarts and see all the amazing things inside before you get to the ride. That alone makes it worth it. The ride itself is awesome! Awesome effects and surprises left and right. Even if you don't want to get on the ride, wait in line to get in and see the castle. You can always opt out when it comes getting on the ride and wait in the child swap room for the rest of your party. When I come back I'm going to ride it 7 more times. It's amazing!
You MUST ride this ride.  It was by far my favorite ride of the whole trip.  The wait is actually not too bad because you get to enjoy the insides of the castle.  We were lucky they even cast the snow spell while we were waiting.  I waited to see if it was done continuously but the spells seemed to very and the group behind us didn't get snow.  The "paintings" on the wall were great replicas.
Once I found out that my family and I were heading to Orlando for a few days... I was ready and had my bags packed for Hogwarts before you could finish saying "butter beer". I was so excited that once we got to Islands of Adventure, I made straight for the Harry Potter addition. I've been hearing all sorts of marvelous things about this ride and could not wait to go myself. Any of the rides here have a long line, and the Forbidden Journey is no exception. It is totally worth the wait and you will not be disappointed. While waiting on line, you'll notice that you can enjoy some shade. Also, once you get closer to Hogwarts Castle, you will have to check your belongings into the Free locker storage that is activated via fingerprint technology. This part is a little annoying, but I rather have my stuff stored away than it flying off the ride never to be seen again. This is just about the coolest ride ever because you have to go through Hogwarts to get there. You'll meet everyone's favorite 3 musketeers as they take you through the Room of Requirement and put a spell on you. Once on the ride, you'll travel through the Forbidden Forest and battle dementors and see the other magical creatures from the books and all that fun stuff. If you are a Harry Potter fan, this is an absolute must (even if the line is long). The attention to detail that was put into this ride is amazing. You'll even get to see the floating candles and moving paintings! It truly is magical and completely worth the wait. This ride is fun and well thought out!
This ride is great for any Harry Potter fan! Join your favorite characters through all different parts of the films. The walk through the castle to the ride itself is amazing! Make sure you look out for any moving photographs or for the three wizards in one of the classrooms...you might get to witness a spell! And smile when you see the spiders!
