WOW. Okay so again, thank you to YELP! :) this was my second brazillian wax (or bikini wax) ever and my first one was done in DC using strip wax. It was painful but not intolerable but I still wanted to try hard wax. I show up 15 minutes early for my appointment and am offered a drink while I wait. Nice waiting area. Also nice bathrooms! :) Anyway Mary (I think) was my waxer and she is a little chatterbox! Not that I minded at all, it was distracting me from being so nervous. She explained how the hard wax worked and why it tends to be less painful then strip wax as she allowed it to harden and then... WHOO! I was ridiculously shocked by how painless it was. So shocked I started giggling nervously. Seriously, there is no other way to have a wax. Never again will I go for strip wax! 3 weeks later and my hair is barely starting to grow back. I'm very impressed since I have Hispanic hair and this is a miracle. Also, the price was only $45?! Seriously! Also the cheapest brazillian wax I've seen around. Thanks Liz Lanzas!
Bad experience!! The service I got was " Haircut + Color" with Heather, rude lady. I'll be rating her work. She refused to cut my hair they way I wanted. Refused my wish to NOT color the root, she said she won't do it if she is not going to color the root.  For me " I don't like the chemicals touching my scalp". She advice me and said she won't be using any products that will damage my hair. Which at the end I hated. Cut my hair way too short than I directed her to. The Color was extremely BAD. She suggested I do full color and I wanted to do highlights but I thought her advice worth taking. The root are lighter than the rest of the hair, the whole color turned an even, some parts of layers are lighter than the others, if I flip my hair the corners look extremely light the the rest of the hair.  Moreover the color itself is NOT the color I wanted at all, it is not even the same color that she showed me she will be doing. It looks ugly, and NOT fixable! The haircut itself is very BAD!! I only asked for layers, she did NOT even do them well or even normal!! My whole hair has layers that are not even with each other, the right side are longer than the left side!! Some parts are chopped way too much than the other parts which left gabs in between my hair . I tried to style it with iron/ curling/ rolling it, its NOT fixable at all. The haircut gone WRONG badly. I have been doing my hair since forever, but this haircut wasn't professional at all! She used an old, dirty and used hair brush that smelled really bad and left my hair smelled awful. " I checked and found out that they hardly clean their brushes"!! Cost me $125 and my hair length was almost short just 4 inches beyond my shoulders. I really don't recommenced going here for any hair treatments, since the hair color and the haircut gone WRONG completely! I would giving them less than a star if it was an option. NOTE: I went to other salons to get a consultation about this haircut/color result. The stylists I saw for an advice have agreed about the WRONG, BAD and missed up haircut/color. Liz Lanza is the salon you should AVOID!
Syracuse, I think I found the best wax here. Casey uses hard wax, the only wax to get a wax guys. You will never settle for soft wax and cloth strips ever ever again. Because I get Brazilian waxes, I expect the crack to be included. But for some reason, folks in Syracuse are like "huh?" But not Casey! and it's not a ridiculous extra charge. Unless you are really hairy, but you should expect that. The real kicker is the wax here is also the cheapest I have paid. For those of you who don't know, you should never pay over $60 for a Brazilian wax (again unless maybe you are really hairy.) The norm is $50-60. Liz Lanza's is only $45! By the way, on my 1st impression, Liz Lanza's is the more professional salon I have come across here.
Being accustomed to a spa-like waxing sessions in Nashville, I've been in search of a similar experience in Syracuse. I found it at Liz Lanza's! Casey is a great waxer, very detailed and uses hard wax.
My initial experience was great ... or so I thought. Why the CHANGE IN OPINION? Well, I was wooed by their customer service, but the results (which takes time to settle in as you know occurs with every haircut) were BLAH! PRE-VISIT EXPERIENCE: I am a child of the instant-gratification-generation. So, when I called on Thursday for the soonest appointment for a HAIRCUT and a WAX, I was a little unhappy that I had to wait to the following Tuesday for an appointment. This was even with me offering to come in separate times for separate appointments. But alas, I was happy that I found a place that offered BRAZILIAN waxing services. So the wait was okay. DURING VISIT EXPERIENCE: The front desk receptionist was a soft-spoken sweet girl who was extremely nice. My first service was the WAX with Mary. She was a very talkative and BRASH (but in a funny way) person who spoke so LOUDLY I swear everyone in the salon heard from our room. She's the only one who provides the Brazilian wax service, and serves up a humorous side of her point of view with every strip of wax she applies and yanks. Mary is also a perfectionist. Every little stubborn hair she attacks as if it was a swarm of ants going after her picnic basket. Unfortunately, that can lead to very tender spots. Which is exactly what happened with me. It didn't help that she BURNED me. She claims to test the temperature of the wax, which she demonstrates by swirling on the back of a gloved hand while she jabbers away. However, that's ONLY with the HONEY wax; she uses the HARD Wax - which is supposed to be better for this type of waxing. I am a compliant individual, who doesn't like to complain too much, especially when someone is down there with HOT WAX. So she BURNED me, and it was SORE and TENDER. But worse things can happen, like, oh, I don't know, the HAIR IS PERMANENTLY BURNED AWAY! No lie, the area she burned is just a bare patch that refuses to spout new hair. And it's been nearly TWO MONTHS since I was waxed! --- The haircut was what you'd expect. So, I won't go into it here. -- So, the ONLY REASON they get THREE STARS is because of the haircutter (I can't remember her name) and prices. Otherwise, for the EXCESSIVE TALKING WAXER that leads to BURNS and PERMANENT HAIR LOSS, this review would have gotten 1.5 stars.
I had my first appointment at Liz Lanza's last week for a shellac manicure with Michelle. Here are the key points to remember about this place: 1) The shellac manicure is only $28. This is a great deal considering what some other places charge. 2) Michelle was awesome. She is very laid back, yet extremely proficient at her craft. 3) A week and a half later, my nails still look awesome and continue to be chip-free. On a final note, I should warn you about the parking situation. As of early July, there is construction being done on the street in front of the salon. Michelle mentioned that the project was supposed to be completed in June, so hopefully they're close to finishing up. My point is, allow for enough time to find parking before your appointment. There is plenty of street meter parking around the block, so not to worry.
LOVE this Salon.....and Sally is one of BEST hair stylist I have ever been too.....I have been seeing her for over 10+ years now and I would follow her anywhere. Liz Lanza's salon is a great salon, very comfortable and the atmosphere is great! A must to go to!!
After moving to the Fort Drum area and having several massacres for haircuts, I decided to try this salon (which is over an hour drive but worth it). I am not a person who expects immediate appointments nor should anyone if you are going to a place that does not work with walk-ins. You can get an appointment for a single service within about 48 to 72 hours from the time you call. The salon offers numerous services, many types of facials, waxes, hair services, mani/pedis, and massage styles and is an Aveda salon- a huge plus in my opinion. I tend towards very funky, choppy cuts with great color and this salon does not disappoint. I go to Jillian and am so happy with the time she takes to listen to what exactly I want- which changes every time I go! Having lived in a large city and experimenting with many salons, good and bad, I can say this is definitely the salon to go to if you are able to wait until they can fit you in for all the services you desire.
Finding a place in the Syracuse area that offers a Brazilian is not easy. So when you do finally find a place, you hope that they know what they're doing. That is not always the case. However, with Casey, she knew exactly what she was doing! The most painless wax of my life! The atmosphere was calming and soothing, and Casey was professional and efficient. Casey uses hard wax, which makes for a better overall experience. Some places in Syracuse completely ignore the crack, but paying for a full Brazilian, you expect to be bare in any and all nooks and crannies. Casey is a pro and understands this, asking at the end if I would like the back done. She got the stubborn hairs and recovery time was minimal. She gave great advice on aftercare and upkeep and provided good conversation during the process. After some bad experiences elsewhere, I can highly recommend Casey. And at only $45 a wax? You bet I'll be seeing her every 6 weeks.
I went to Sally and asked for a simple blunt cut bob.  She cut the back way too short with layers and left the sides long, and angled bob, something I specifically asked her not to do.  She spent half the time having a conversation with the stylist in the other chair.  When I called the owner to complain, she was very unsympathetic.  For the price they charge, they should listen to their customers!!!
