I had done a little skydiving way back in the day (tandem jumps - 3 I think).  I enjoyed them enough....  About a decade past and my 15 year old niece came to spend a week with me in Orlando (where I live).  She, like me, is a thrill seeker.  So I scheduled some time in the tunnel to see what that was all about.  First, having those 3 jumps way back when made for a very easy flight for me.  I was able to stay stable and turn without instructor help.  My niece nailed it on her second go-round.  We added the additional minute for each of us and just had a BLAST!  We went back the next day and split 10 minutes and it is amazing how quickly you progress in there.  Keep in mind this is a low-impact SPORT - you do need to do what they tell you or you'll have the instructor holding you the whole time without letting go.  It's not strenuous per se, but you need to trust your instructor and get your body in the right position following his hand signals and you'll be flying solo in no time....  It's pretty natural but in all my hours in there I've seen people just fly like a piece of plywood.  Just trust them - you won't get hurt and know your instructor is a super professional and will be there if you need. The first time you do it, it's total sensory overload (though you aren't going to get hurt - trust me).  It's windy, loud, and a very foreign feeling.  After a few minutes you sort of get your groove and it becomes really, really fun.  It's like holding your hand out the car window going down the highway and playing with the wind - except it's your BODY!!!  I became hooked! One year later, I've spent no less than 11 hours in there (it's 15 mins from my house) and have had some AMAZING coaches over the year.  I fly awesome on my belly and back, and am learning all sorts of cool tricks (actually just left a 15 minute session a few hours ago doing belly to back flips!).  If you are new, or not, it's a wonderful tunnel and experience, and the staff is top notch, without exception.  Make sure to make reservations and show up an hour early for training!  Try something VERY different from the theme parks - you won't regret it and will always remember it.
Great people great place. Striker was an amazing instructor! We will make the drive back again!
Last week we hit up IFLY Orlando for a night of something different to do.  What a great time!! Greeted by friendly staff who swiftly had us joined with our group (yes, we were running late...oops)! Diego was our instructor.  Our group was a very mixed bag. (we were the 30's somethings local kids)  He took great care of everyone. My friend was a mess, all over the place (great comic relief)...thanks to Diego, his second round was brilliant and was awarded most improved at the end of our session!  WE FLEW!! YAY Ryan!!  Fun experience for all ages!  If you want an experience like skydiving without the scary jump and $$....go for it!!  We had a GREAT time....thank you Benji and Diego and everyone who made our experience awesome!!
Went again - just as good the second time as the first...........
It was my first time in the tunnel and I had Sally and Martin as my instructors.  They were AMAZING!  I had a total of 15 minutes which helped so much with my body positioning and maneuvers.  I will definitely continue to practice in the tunnel as I see how helpful it can be.  And I will definitely swing by iFly Orlando every time I visit Florida.
Visited on a rainy day, fun experience, great for the whole family, even those afraid of rides like myself. I have a 20 year old blind son, staff/instructors were great!!!  Not scary at all, get the high fly!!!!
Took my 19-yo son as a means to kill time on a stormy day.  (Of course, it was perfect weather the entire time!)  I used to skydive in college, and I wanted him to get a taste.  I did not fly, but then, I'm 30 lbs heavier 25 years later! iFLY was fantastic and clearly has the business of selling indoor-flying down to a science.  We reserved at their online website, which got us immediate access/no lines.  In fact, our 5:30pm reservation was moved up to 4:30! The process is simple.  A quick, 20-minute primer on flying with our instructor, who clearly knew what he was doing.  Imagine my surprise to find he had started "fresh" just 7 months previously! This is very SAFE - parents, feel no concern about taking your kids.  The instructor is with the newbies in the tunnel and another instructor is "driving" the wind-fan.  Rides are 1 or 2 minutes long, which seems to be plenty for first-timers.  By my son's 3d ride (I had ordered the 2, 2-minute package, then added another 2-minute for $20, total $75), he was gliding like he was born to it. TIPs: If you want their photos or video, you MUST PREORDER before you make the climb.  You do NOT need to do this, as you can get nearly the same result with your camera or smartphone. The tunnel will handle up to 250#.  I'm well-less than that, but I watched another dad, who had to be pushing 250, ride the winds with ease.  (He didn't look as cool as the kids, but meh!)  So if you've never gone skydiving, this is a GREAT opportunity to share a good family experience - take the plunge!  (No pun intended, hehe.) Summary: A definite "must-do" as a family.  Note that they have several locations.
First off, I love skydiving.  It's the only other thing that makes me drool besides food.  For people who have done tandem skydiving, do NOT compare the two.  This is a super, fun experience but you don't get that heart pumping adrenaline rush as you would when you initially jump out of the plane.   With that being said, the fan goes up to 140mph.  You get the whole freefalling feeling.  It was great!  The instructor I had was Kaz, he got us to do some fun spins.  He was fantastic, funny instructor.  Matter of fact, all of the employees here are just super fun, awesome and you can really tell they love working here. Reservations are definitely recommended but walk-ins are ok depending on availability.  If you don't have sneakers, they have some you could use.  You will pick a flight time and they require you to be there an hour earlier prior to it, to watch safety videos/have a class.   There are various levels from novice to the one more experienced ones who want to do the fancy tricks. This is definitely a MUST DO.  You won't regret it!
Took my 12 year old grandson for his first skydiving adventure.  WOW!!  Very awesome.  I will be back to try it out first hand.  My biggest fear about skydiving is jumping out of a perfectly good airplane.  No worries with indoor skydiving, except realizing that it is a $50 per 2 min high!!  Actual fly time is 1 minute per session and $50 gets you 2 sessions.  Worth trying out for sure.  In his class were about 10 people of various ages.  The first time up is to get you used to the position and feeling, next time up the instructor spins with you and you really fly high in tandem.  At least that's how it works for newbies.   Mark was his instructor and he did an awesome job explaining hand signals and answering all questions.  Short instructional video, suit up and off they go.
Everything about my experience at iFly was excellent. My coach, Benji, helped me practice my turns and feel more relaxed so I could complete my AFF. Without that tunnel time I probably would not have been able to complete my level 6 and 7 jumps yesterday. Ben was a great coach, he was very patient with me, and very energetic. He's a great flyer too! The facilities are very clean here, and scheduling my time was a very easy process. This is great for all kinds of people whether you are experienced in skydiving or if you're to scared to even think about getting in the sky. Even little kids are welcome here. There were a few children at the age of 4 flying! This is a great experience that everyone should try out sometime no matter your age or experience level. If you'd like to watch my video from the tunnel you can go to youtube to see it - youtu.be/q478cfWnUAs
It's definitely something worth doing at least once, for the experience.  A group of four of us went, and we all had a good time.  In addition to the normal instruction, they also offer more advanced training once you've been there a couple of times, and I imagine it would be a great way to practice maneuvers during actual skydiving without the cost associated with a jump. Of course you can't really compare it to skydiving for real, not in terms of overall experience. But the physical effect of the wind on your body is exactly the same as freefall, just without the scenery. And you don't have to do it in tandem like you would as a novice skydiver (I've been skydiving but I'll likely never do it enough to jump solo). And of course, it's a real blast to do with a group of friends because you can sit right next to the tunnel and make fun of their skydiving faces, knowing full well that they'll do the same when it's your turn.  :)
This was AWESOME! I would do this again in a heartbeat. I had a blast. The staff/instructors  were really friendly, humorous, outgoing, upbeat and fun ... great teachers. Flying was SUPER COOL! Then you can get a picture and video of your flight sent to your email for like $3 ... that way you can easily save it to your computer and upload it to Facebook (but of course) lol. Definitely a MUST DO if you are in Orlando. All ages can fly ... except toddlers (get your mind right parents. Sheesh)
Fantastic experience!!  Not scary at all.  Very exhilerating!  Great for elementary, teenagers and adults of all ages.  Recommend Chris Roberts as instructor!  Definitely do the "high fly" at the end! I am hooked!  I will definitely go back.
This place is awesome!  Striker took care of our large group.  He rocks!  Lots of fun!
If you have been outdoor skydiving before, this review can't be a 5 star(er). However, it is a cool thing to do off your life long bucket list.  It is reasonable priced (about $50 per person for two-2 minute goes.  The instructors steal the show by doing awesome flips and tricks that look dangerous.  You do get a kick/laugh at other people doing the indoor skydiving.  It beats anything done at Universal Studios (not Island of Adventures).  Overall something to do one or two times but nothing more.  Outdoor skydiving is where it's at. Grade: B
iFLY is an absolute blast!  I make it a point to do something a little out of the ordinary a couple times a year.   A few times now, I have ventured over to iFLY and I will say that this is one of those things that gets better each time you do it.  While it does take a little bit of skill to maneuver yourself in the tunnel, you can enjoy it the first time you step in.  The instructors are great at helping you to stay in the middle and in the air. The best tip I can give is to say "just relax."  From what I have seen, people tend to freeze up and that makes it hard to control yourself and can drain the fun right out of it.
Recently took my daughters (16 yrs old and 18 yrs old)and nephews (16 and 19) here while on vacation and we had a GREAT experience.  Our instructor Casey was AMAZING!  He made everyone feel comfortable, did a great job educating everyone AND he worked incredibly hard to give everyone an unforgettable experience.  HE IS AWESOME!!! As a spectator, I laughed out loud the entire time because it is such a unique experience and to see the faces of people you love having so much fun is PURE JOY!
Fantastic experience! Came here for our 10 year wedding anniversary and flew with Lane. We purchased the couple package that came with 4 flights and we added on an additional 2 flights so we each flew for 3 minutes. The pictures were hilarious and the video is DEFINITELY worth the money! Everything is so fast you will want to watch your flight afterward! Ask for Lane he was awesome and taught us as much as he could (as much as we were ready for)! Lane even printed out 2 photos for us as an anniversary present. Sweet! We will definitely be back with our kids. After seeing the video they want to go now & honestly I'm hooked! I want to learn how to really control where I'm going and what I'm doing in the air! You won't regret this experience!
Fantastic fun!
Amazing attraction in Orlando!!!! Super exciting and safe! Instructors are very knowledgeable and all staff very nice. This experience cannot compared to any of the Disney or Universal attractions. It is a great flying experience for children and adults. I highly recommend it!!!! Yenny
Such an amazing experience!!! It was very difficult to stay in the right form but the more you do it, the more it probably gets easier.
This experience was unlike any other.  Checking was a little deceptive.  There's really no presentation walking in, so I really wasn't expecting much.  The check-in staff was helpful and very pleasant. My friend and I proceeded to the classroom.  We sat observing the class in progress and I was terrified I was going to crash land into the wall or floor when it was my turn. Our instructor Kaz was AWESOME!  His humor helped calm my nerves and turns out I wasn't too shabby (meanwhile my overly confident friend lost his confidence completely).  Kaz gave me some additional tips and then took me up himself.  Pretty sure I drooled during the spins; it's insane! I can't wait to come back!  The $75 Wednesday package looks pretty inviting...
Went here in July. Was scared silent watching as we sat waiting for an instructor to call our group for safety instructions before getting suited up. It was AWESOME!  I got a chuckle out of watching others in our group. A bit expensive, but worth the experience.
Love this attraction, and have done it a few times. You will need a reservation a few days in advance to be safe, but often times, they can accommodate walk-ins. I highly recommend making sure to book with an instructor who can hold onto you and take you up. Don't get me wrong, it's not the whole time, it's only for a few seconds at the end of your flight, but it is so much fun. Do not expect to get in here and just take flight. You need to listen to instruction and get your body in the right position. Best tip I can give you is relax and don't tense up. There's a short class at the begining that basically reviews the position you should be in. When you're in the tunnel, an instructor is with you, guiding you with hand signals (too noisy in there to talk and you are wearing ear plugs). Simple commands like bend your knees more, or straighten them, chin up...you get the idea. On my second time there, I was having a really great flight, and the instructor actually taught me how to spin left or right, with the slightest lift of either elbow. This is just too cool!
One of the coolest things I've ever done. I FLEW!!! Instructor Mike (aka Striker) was so helpful, informative and helped me nail doing this. His enthusiasm is infectious. Safe, exciting and so much fun. Not a ride, you have to participate in it and do it correctly to get the best experience, but it is easy and kind of natural. I loved it and hope they build one in Austin! This invention ROCKS! I am 50 y/o and thought the thing might wrench my back but it felt just fine.
Took my kids n wife!! they all enjoyed it! It was good practice for me. For those that are afraid of heights its the perfect alternative that simulates an actual skydive.
Awesome instructors! Ask for Wilks.
If you ever dreamed of flying, come to iFly! It is worth your time. I have to say I always wanted to skydive and this was the best way to taste glimpse of the feeling of the wind. The instructors are incredibly talented and friendly. They also have great knowledge when you're in the chamber. Oh! You can't bring cameras, but no worries! They will take pictures of you while you're in the chamber!
iFly was awesome!!!! We went during our Disney vacation and it was the best experience. I recommend this for those who are not ready for the real thing just yet.......the staff and instructors were awesome. We all would definitely go again and again
My 11 years son went for the first time and he loved it!  The instructor was great too!  The price is a little too expensive for a minute of flying though, that is why I rated it to 4.
This is super fun but the only thing stopping it from getting 5 stars is they could atleast add on a minute more for the price of it cause you only get two flights that's are 1 minute each but it is worth doing
Incredible experience!  This was THE most fun thing we did on our Florida vacation.  In fact, we are pretty adventurous people, and this is one of the most fun things we have EVER done! The staff was TOO cool - friendly, laid-back, encouraging, entertaining... They joked with us, taught us the basics, and made sure everyone had a safe and amazingly fun time. Our class had about ten people in it, ages 13 to 72 -- and our instructor said they will take kids as young as 2!  Each person got two one-minute flights. That doesn't sound like very long, but it's actually longer than a real skydive (45 seconds). Each flight is long enough for a beginner to maneuver into the right body position, look around, wiggle your arms and legs a bit to see how they control your movement, look around some more, do some more wiggling, and realize "HOLY SMOKES! I'M FLYING!" On my first one-minute flight, the instructor let me feel everything out on my own, gave me hand signals to help me control my body position, and stayed close to keep me from bumping into the floor or the walls. On my second one-minute flight, he let me do some flying on my own - then he grabbed onto my windsuit and took me swirling and soaring up to the top of the tunnel and down again.  SO FUN!  After everyone in the class completed their flights, our instructor did a demo of his awesome flying skills.  It definitely made me want to take more classes so I could fly, flip, twist, and twirl like him!  It's like skateboarding without having to worry about breaking bones! This is one of those things that you will want to do again and again and again!  Even if you can't afford that (because it IS pretty expensive), it is definitely worth doing once just to experience the incredible feeling of FLYING!
