The Hogwarts Express train ride is a must-see for Harry Potter fans. I wouldn't call it a ride per se, more like an experience that takes you right into the world of Harry and his friends. I loved watching the views of the English countryside and Hogwarts and seeing the characters waving at us. Definitely a treat for me since I love them all so much. I guess I really lucked out - we had no wait and almost empty cars shared by my boyfriend, myself and one other family each time. Not crowded or uncomfortable at all. Best of all, the train is a seamless way to travel park-to-park between Hogsmeade (Islands of Adventure) and Diagon Alley (Universal). The stations on both sides are beautiful and so realistic looking. The conductors are friendly and act very authentic, except for the American accents of course! They welcomed me every time and thanked me for being a season passholder. Awesome!
The ride is fun.  This poor ranking is the fact that the ride broke while we were there and we spent over an hour waiting in line in a stone underground with no airconditioning.   The best parts of the trip were watching the coach window and the shadows behind the coach door.
Hogwart's is a new ride that is basically just a subway style train that allows visitors to travel between Universal Studios Orlando and Islands of Adventure without walking back to the front entrance area of the parks (City Walk). The ride connects from Harry Potter adventure worlds that are part of each of the theme parks (the newest being in Universal Studios). The train station is built to look like the Kings Crossing station in London, which is cool. It's very spacious and looks like you're really in an early 20th century London train station. The train itself is constructed of little cabins that seat 8 or so folks in their own private cabin... and as you travel between parks, you're treated to a visual landscape of London through the "window" of your train car. Note that the day I rode there was no air conditioning in the train car. Maybe they were still working out the kinks b/c I'm sure the train will eventually be blowing cold air like everywhere else in the park (which is a great thing for sunny Florida). [Interestingly, the London Tube is not air conditioned even today...] Finally, as you might suspect, you will wait in line! So, if you're in a hurry to get from one part to another, I'd advise that you walk :)
I wouldn't label this as a "ride" but definitely a must see for a Harry potter fan ... I would make sure to take it both ways from kings cross to Hogsmeade and then from Hogsmeade to kings cross... As there was two story lines which I did not expect. kings cross station is also beautiful! And make sure to pay attention when people are entering station 9 3/4!
AMAZING!!! I felt like I stepped inside one of the Harry Potter movies! There are 2 different stories depending which park you depart from. If you like Harry Potter, you got to buy the park hopper just to go on the Hogwart's Express. The only thing that was missing was the food cart, albeit it may be a bit hard to squeeze in a food trolley in a 5 minute train ride. You can watch the first person's POV of this ride on Youtube, but I suggest you don't and experience it yourself. The best part is marveling at how wonderfully designed the whole ride experience is!
Be sure to ride the train both ways!! There's a different experience each way. The lines going either way aren't that bad and the detail they put into the station is wonderful to look at while you wait. One area even funnels you through a drink/snack shop in case you have the munchies or need a beer. The train itself is gorgeous and you really feel like people and things are coming by the interior doors. Its a nice air conditioned break from everything and if you love the characters, it's nice to see them at different points on the ride.
We are here in mid October and the place is swarmed with a lot of British, Spanish, and Brazilian tourists. I thought it would be a leisurely and stress free vacation, but I was wrong. No way on Earth would I ever come here in the summer. Needless to say we waited about 30 minutes to ride a slow 5 minute train with nice computer graphics on a screen to replicate scenery, but it is not worth the price I paid. You have to pay extra for this ride by buying Park to Park admission so for my family of 3, it cost $75 extra. Not worth it because it was so crowded at each park that after arriving at 9 am at Universal we had only gone on 2 rides, then got on train to the Islands of Adventure to do about 5 rides before closing. Essentially a single park per day at 4 days would have been better. I only bought the park to park tickets for four days because of the reviews of train that were so awesome. Yeah, right. The line was painfully slow. The choo choo was slow. It would have been better if they had multiple trains, but there's only one. Not worth an extra $75 for three of us, 4 days.
Brilliantly built, this train and its station are a marvel. Step on board and travel to and from Hogsmeade station. Encounter beloved characters from the movie but beware dangers found while traveling aboard this enchanted train.
I won't spoil what happens on the ride, but will say they have thought of every last delightful detail.  It's really a treat.
My #4 ride out of my top five rides between both Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure theme parks: Hogwarts Express. AUTHENTIC. I was staying with a British friend, who grew up in London and she loved the London station near Diagon. Every detail to the stations are amazing. The ride in between is really fun. The only down side is that at no point in the day was the line shorter than 25-40 minutes... and you are crammed 8 to a car - as most folks cant do an inner-park walks between Universal and Islands. On your way to Hogsmeade you see less of the city and more of the country, and as you leave Hogwarts you see completely different things. I am trying to avoid spoilers, but when you turn the bend and see Hogwarts Castle for the first time... Even at nearly 30 years old, I teared up just from the sheer excitement. If you are a fan of the books or the movies it is overwhelming. Some folks may not  appreciate that different movie elements are represented..... but to the all around Potter fans... it's a dream come true!
