The FREE alternative to actually going into the park.  Well, not completely free because you have to pay for parking.  It's $17 before 8PM and only $5 after 8PM. There a ton of restaurants and bars.  You can walk around, take a free boat ride, take a picture with the Universal sign, or watch the roller coasters.  There are some nice outdoor bars where you can grab a drink and enjoy the scenery and people watch.   If you're looking for free entertainment, this is a nice place to spend some time.
CIty Walk was pretty neat. Nothing Extravagant but it was nice. They offer different places to eat and open late. I only experienced it twice and ate once so I can't review on what I didn't experience. The first time we went there we ate at Panda Express. Then my hubby got a tattoo at Hart & Huntington, which is very popular. JC did a great job fixing my husband's tat. The place was clean and I took a good nap while he was getting it done. The second time I went was when I went out with my girls. They got drinks at Fat Tuesdays while decided I to wait in line for my vodka tonic. OMG I was so shocked I paid for a double that only cost me $7.50! That is pretty cheap compared to Miami. We went to a karaoke place and had a blast! City Walk offered many different places to go party that I didn't get a chance to go in to. I would love to just bar hop and you can bring your drinks in. Had a good time and looking forward to doing it again.
Adventuring city walk was pretty different because there bars are located on the upper level of city walk away from the shops and food of downstairs. So as you walk the upper level and you pass by a bar you may want a drink at but still want to walk around, there is a walk up window. Omg. Drinks on the run! That was pretty cool. Every bar had a walk up window as you walk past it. Downstairs had activities such as movies, shopping,  desserts etc but pretty much like city walk LA. Overall, I would come back and do more bar hopping next time.  =)
I only walked through here on the way to Universal. I simply refuse to let a place like this have over three stars on Yelp. Bubba Gump Shrimp? A Bob Marley restaurant? A freakin' basketball restaurant with a monstrous basketball guy outside? Hard Rock Cafe?  This reminds me of Baltimore's Inner Harbor in the worst possible way. Come on, people. WE CAN DO BETTER THAN THIS.
LOVE CITY WALK! but the parking is now $17 to park which I think is a little crazy if your just going there to eat at night. You can go now after 8pm for the $5 deal (use to be 6pm) by the way dont think about parking anwhere and walking because orlando hotels are towing cars all night long so that $17 fee could be $200 if you choose this route.
My review is for the valet parking. I understand they are busy but I feel that if you pay $30 for parking, your car should come back faster than a 20 minute wait.
There are lots of places to eat drink relax and shop for all budgets. There is some construction work ongoing but there is a whole raft of things here from quick snack after park to a sit down meal or drinks and live entertainment. A must to spend an evening here
Fun location to hang out with family and friends! Lots of restaurants, clubs and stores.  My personal fav is "Fat Tuesdays." Best drinks, hands down!
This place is where it's at.  Food and nightlife all in the same place.  It is expensive to make a night of it, but it is worth the stretch.
This place is pretty awesome at night time. I mean, bright lights, tons of people, lots of restaurants, shops and things to do. Yes is it a tourist trap. But it's a fun tourist trap. And it leads you to Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure. so on your way, taking a break from each of those parks, you can hang out and eat at a place like Emerils or Jimmy Buffets, play mini golf, watch a movie, buy some gear or take pictures surfing a wave. At night they get free live entertainment going and you can dance and party and then do some more eating and shopping.
I had a 3-hr window before my flight back home and decided to visit Universal CityWalk because I didn't think I would get my money's worth by going to Universal Studios or Harry Potter World. I had somewhat higher expectations for this place and have to say I was moderately disappointed. I also came around 9:30 and nothing was open yet except for the gift shop and a few trailers/booths. Took me about 30 min to walk around CityWalk at a comfortable pace. Because of the construction, I took the I-Ride Trolley SOUTH to STOP 8 and then walked down Universal Studios. Let the I-Ride Trolley driver know where you are going and they will get you there. Also, would suggest stocking up on water/food on the Walgreens in front of STOP 8, on International Drive and Universal Studies. I'll be back when Diagon Alley opens!
City Walk is the step sister of Downtown Disney. Three and a half stars is probably close to right. City Walk fails... 1. To offer enough shopping options. There is a Fossil store and a few other brand name stores, but very few. 10-15 more brand stores would make this more of a shopping destination. 2. To have a "kid" angle. I get it that they didn't want to be Disney, but they are probably missing out by not having a Lego Store, etc. 3. To offer enough options that are unique to CityWalk. Another major attraction or just more "only at CityWalk" experiences would be good. City Walk succeeds.... 1. In giving Universal property hotel guests great late night options. 2. In providing on site places for food options in all price ranges. You can eat Moe's, Panda Express or Emeril's here. 3. In providing adult entertainment. There are good clubs, bars, restaurants, and a monstrous theatre here. 4. In having plenty of themed restaurant options from Hard Rock to Nascar. For me, it is a bit closer to four stars than three.
Air brushing hat/shirt  shop on the water in front of Margaritaville assured me they would be open for business after we finished our diner so my daughter could get a hat.   The "nice" gentleman told my young daughter "Go have your dinner.  Think about what you and come back." Came out from dinner to see the shop closing!!  I was told "They're making us close."  Just not right!!!   Just plain mean!! Ruined our whole night!!!
It's okay to walk through, especially in the night! Not as big as Downtown Disney, but hey, they do have some interesting places for you to shop and eat at. Pretty cool!
Ok, so I stayed at Universal's Hotels so I have no idea what parking is like, but from my experience it was great, there were little places to shop, places to eat, everyone was very friendly! Note: the trip was myself and my mother. SO first off! City Walk's Top of the food court is a great place to go eat. When we stayed in the parks, it has Burger King, Moe's, Panda Express...It really is a great way to get out of the parks, and have a nice meal. I found that going at about 11:30 or 12:30 worked best and was often quietest. Bubba Gump is my favourite place to eat here, so much so we ate there twice! There was the Shrimp's Heaven which featured different types of shrimp which we had along with another entree and asked that they bring an additional plate and they had no issues with it. The staff are a big part of what makes this place so much fun! The Hard Rock Cafe was another favourite of mine, when you first walk in they take your photo (the day we went there was the one when you went on the water rides, and were tired, and the photo looks ridiculous, but its a great keepsake for an extra charge of course) They were super busy when we went there and we did have to wait a little bit but theres stuff to look at and the gift shop is great. We both had the burgers and they were huge...did not need anything else that night. Of course the Blue Man group is part of CityWalk and was great show to go see. A little tip with BlueMan Group if you are going with someone who has a student card (such as a university student), bring the card with you, and go there the day you want to see the show. I got a discount for two seats that was less than the price of one ticket when I was looking online.
As a Los Angeles native, this city walk is nothing compared to the one at universal Hollywood! It seems a lot smaller and $16?! For parking oh my gosh. There only seemed to be fast food places. The main eateries were way too crowded, there needs to be more selections of non fast food. It was small and very crowded. Not much to see in my opinion. Unless you're going to one of the parks, I'd steer clear and spend my time somewhere else.
I love this place because there is just so much to do. I was able to check out a  movie when I first arrived on Saturday morning but, due to the weather because there was a tornado watch it took away from the normal amount of fun I usually have at citywalk. I was not able to ride the water taxi  or really get to walk around like I'm use to doing. It was my plan to return for the night life but it didn't happen because of the nasty weather.
I like City Walk. The place puts me in a good mood when I arrive here. There are plenty of things to do here, and they usually have some free entertainment doing on outside in the evenings. Getting here is a long hike from the parking area, so you may want to valet. Otherwise wear some good walking shoes. There are tons of dining and entertainment choices once you get here.
Unbridled terror is what I felt while first exposed to Universal CityWalk and I am not referring to any sort of amusement park ride. Pure fear at the state of humanity is what gripped me as I observed some of the most jaw droppingly disturbing sights possible in my time on this pale blue dot. Where to begin? Let's start with the facts: parking is $5 after 6pm and you'll be guided to a huge shopping mall like parking structure that requires some focus on the wheel of your car to make it past the sharp turns. (How the drunken louts I spotted engaged in this without plummeting to their death is beyond me). The parking lot sections are coded according to Universal icons like E.T. Following the signs for entry and you feel like you are going through a kind of dystopian mass entertainment processing center worthy of Aldous Huxley. In the parking lot I saw a child spontaneously drop to the concrete and roll around like a rabid dog. He then started crying- I guess dropping directly to the concrete hurts Junior. I heard random car horns honking in a cacophony of noise as people had to signal their departure to their friends or crew. Youth carried their own basket balls and pounded the pavement with them. Alas, I left mine at home but I'll be sure to bring a ball next time so others can hear it bounce. All this and we hadn't even entered the facility known as CityWalk. As it turns out, the sheer in your face over the top spectacle of all this grows on you, hence the three star rating. There are two competing forces pulling at you: the desire to flee as quickly as possible and the desire to see just how decadent things can get. I liken it to walking in Times Square, minus the people selling you hop on hop off tours and freezing temperatures. Glitzy lights and marquees? Check. Loud rock music assaulting you in every direction? Of course! There was a Friday night dance party going on that mixed things up with some late 80's hip-hop, Naughty by Nature to be exact. This is by far the Cain to Disney's Abel, the embracing of the Bachannalian impulse wrapped up in a coat of Hollywood mass production. It works spectacularly. There are shops, restaurants and music venues but the real attraction for me was just how larger than life all of it was. Random snow flakes were falling because it's December and this is an entirely planned and controlled environment, never mind the laws of nature. Check your reason and common sense at the door, while your bags are searched as this is a land of total fantasy gone wild. Fireworks? Sure, why not? What's there to celebrate? Does it even matter? No visit is complete without the sight of a drunk middle aged woman dancing on the way back to her car while her husband tries to prevent her from collapsing. With the music strictly in her head, her body having seen better days, she clings to a fantasy of youth fueled by her trip here...
Allrighty! This shall be my 400th review! We came here in the evening, and it was definitely a lot of photo op. There are so many sights to see and so many places to check out including the Hard Rock Cafe that houses Elvis Presley's famous pink Cadillac! I definitely would suggest to bring a water bottle and some light snacks if you dont plan on spending some major moolah, and also to wear comfortable cute clothing since the walking part in this area can be demanding, but at the same time, you dont want to be look extra raunchy on your pics :D
You have to go through Citywalk to get to the theme parks which is kind of annoying but marketing genius of course. Nice place for a stroll.  We had a great experience at Emeril's so definitely stop by there if you get the chance!
I really like to wander city walk especially mid week when it's not too busy! Parking is free for FL residents after 6pm and $5 for 'close parking'....$5 for anyone else to park after 6pm! Lots of restaurants offering happy hour specials on food and drinks! Also for the Christmas season they are making it 'snow' from the towers marked with lighted snow flakes!!!! So cool!!!!!
Last resort hang-out spot for any local in Orlando. Although, I can't really imagine enjoying this place even if I were a tourist. There's not much going on here aside from the movie theater and the new mini-golf area is overpriced and you can have more fun at a better price at Disney's mini-golf areas. The dining areas vary from sit-down restaurants to fast-food, and none of them are particularly impressive. I mean, with fast-food atleast you can expect what you're going to receive. Their sushi bar upstairs is shockingly not horrible (not the best, but I've had worse) and their Cigarz bar has decently priced beers (for Universal). If you work in the hospitality/service industry and want amazing drink deals, head to the movie theater's bar and show them an ID from you work - they will give you a 32oz beer for SEVEN DOLLARS. YES, you read that right. You will not get a deal like this anywhere in Universal (or in most places in Orlando - at Disney they have 32oz beers for $17). The stores are *so* overpriced, I can't imagine anyone actually shopping there when we have the Outlets nearby - which carry similar stores. Honestly, I would give this place 2 stars if the movie theater wasn't there. If you're visiting Orlando, I would suggest spending your time and money elsewhere. It's just a very stale place and there are way better shopping, dining, and nightlife options available in Orlando. xx MJ
Great places to eat here, lots of entertainment to see and crowded. haha
Uh what happened to the shops, regular visitor to California Universal Citywalk, was expecting an array of stores spent 16 dollars to park for virtually nothing took less than 45 minutes to walk the entire circle. Snack at hard rock, just so so, was raining so wait staff over burdened he was engaging but scarce understandable Give me my parking money back I feel tricked
I'm a huge fan of the East Coast UCW vs. the West Coast version. The WC one has gotten significantly better, but I just love the way this one is laid out and all of the stores and restaurants available here. My hands down favorite that I truly wish we had somewhere here in Orange County is a Fat Tuesdays...for those who've never had it then it's basically Alcoholic Slushies....think your favorite alcohol makes sweet love to an ICEE! What you get is pure icy fruity deliciousness! UCW is also home to the World's Largest Hard Rock Cafe and this company does not play around when it comes to size either... seriously this gargantuan location is modeled after the great Coliseum in Greece! This place hosts great acts and serves up some pretty good food too. They also have a large merchandise shop if you want to commemorate your visit with more than just photos. The place is kept remarkably clean for being a destination for tourists... funny thing is the grounds keepers remain surprisingly elusive! They're like ninjas! The massive size of this Mecca of Consumerism will help build up one's appetite for one of their great eateries available. They also have a movie theater there if you want to catch a flick. Movie theaters almost seem standard to most malls now. There is free parking for Florida Residents after 6 p.m. for those looking to take in some nightlife or maybe just burn some calories when it isn't so hot and humid! Once you park your vehicle UCW sort of serves as a gateway of sorts to the Universal Studios Theme Parks. Photophiles will love this place at night as all the neon lighting makes for an absolutely beautiful display. Shopping, Dining, Entertainment? Oh yeah... it's all here at Universal City Walk Orlando!
Ah, our night out for the bachelorette. We stayed in the Hard Rock and knew we could get to and from CityWalk without needing a cab or driving. I wish we would have cabbed it somewhere else. We purchased the party pass to be able to get into the bars without getting charged 7$ for each place. The pass is only 12$ something, so you go to two places, you're set. We went to the Red Coconut club first. It was empty, we were slightly early - maybe 9 or 10ish. I'm not a club person, I love a good dive bar, this was definitely a club atmosphere. The bartender can make a good drink however. We only stayed for one drink because the bachelorette wanted to do karaoke. So that brings us to Rising Star, the karaoke club. It was packed. If we could have found seating and were able to see the stage, we would have truly enjoyed it and had fun. There was no seating to be found, definitely need to get there early. They had a limited selection of song choices, but that's because they use a live band with back up singers for the karaoke stars. That's how you do karaoke haha. The song selections were good though, anything from Carrie Underwood to Queen to the new Zedd song. The last bar we visited was Pat O'Brien's. It's a dueling piano bar with an outside bar and a side bar. The piano bar part was packed so we sat outside. I didn't drink here, I was over it by this time. Another bar you need to get to early to get a good seat the piano bar. I definitely wouldn't do CityWalk again for bar hopping. It's not my style.
Great atmosphere! Lots of restaurants with a good vibe, lots of different food types. Set around the water between Island of Adventure and Universal Studios. Margaritaville is my favourite!
Very disappointed after paying for $149 and then we need I pay $4 for a locker because I couldn't take it on the ride!  That's greed and robbery!  Shame in them!
Great place to spend your nights in Orlando.  If you have underage children in your group.  I would recommend eating at Hard Rock Cafe or the Bubba Gump Shrimp restaurants.  Do a little shopping  at the Universal Studio Store and end the night with some ice cream from Cold Stones.  If the whole group is 21 and over I recommend eating at Margaritaville or Emeril's and then go clubbing and dance a little at The Groove (where they play the most popular music) Hang out at the Bob Marley area to listen to a live band play some great reggae music.  Make sure you ride the elevator to the 2nd floor bar to sit in the bamboo chairs in the elevator.  I also recommend drinking and sining at the City Walk Rising Star where they take karaoke to a whole other level.
I find I am offended that you must pay for parking - as a local resident it really should be complimentary
CityWalk is the outdoor dining, dancing, shopping, and entertainment section of Universal Studios and the Islands of Adventure. You'll find CityWalk midway between these two attractions, and you have to pass through CityWalk on your way from the parking lot to the two parks. *** Special note for Florida residents -- parking is free after 6pm for Florida residents, so if you're coming over for dinner, a movie, or clubbing, there is no charge to park *** For your restaurant choices you have Emeril's, Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville, Bubba Gump Shrimp, Bob Marley's, Hard Rock Café, Latin Quarter, Pat O'Brien's, NASCAR Sports Grill, NBA City, Pastamore Ristorante, and several casual dining spots. If you want to party all night you can start with a concert of the Blue Man Group, or your choice of movies at AMC Universal Cineplex 20, and follow that with some martinis at the Red Coconut Club, frozen daiquiris at Fat Tuesday, live music at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville, or Bob Marley-A Tribute to Freedom, dueling pianos at Pat O'Brien's, dancing at The Groove and Latin Quarter, and karaoke with a live band at CityWalk's Rising Star. Oh, and don't forget live concerts at the Hard Rock Café. The restaurants and retail shops are open until 12 Midnight, and the dance clubs are open until 2am. Fun times if you're in the Orlando area and looking for a broad selection of eating, entertaining & partying options.
If you like cheesy chain restaurants, screaming children, drunk teenagers, and spending all your money on cheap food and drinks...by all means come here. I can't image any locals being here, just crazy tourists (I suppose such as myself). I don't even know why I'm writing this review, the entire city of Orlando is a tourist trap. On my next trip there I will make it my mission to find some things to do and places to eat that are not sponsored by a huge corporation! Stay tuned!
I like City Walk, there are a number of decent places for food and drink, Margaritaville and Bubba Gumps are among several good choices. We mainly end up going here to attend events at Hard Rock Live. The big problems for me here are with the parking. Valet always takes forever to get your car back and the lots are laid out goofy and they do a poor job of directing traffic and overcharge you to boot. Another issue that I have with this place is the movie theater there. They have some great movies playing but the crowds are always load and rude. Anyway, I do recommend this place for some food and drinks and maybe a concert at Hard Rock or one of the free acts they have sometimes outside.
I can spend hours here walking around. All the little shops to look at and different types of food to choose from Cuban food to sushi. Every vacation I come to citywalk at night for dinner and shopping.
Fun, but parking is not nearly as smooth as you'd hope. I've been many times over the years but the last time I was there it was a frustrating experience. The parking attendent accidentally guided our driver into two spots  and then continued bringing other drivers in. Another attendent let us know we were over the line but by then there was already people parked on our right AND people trying to park behind us putting our driver in a bit of a tight situation. Good news is that they do take cards for the parking fee. Once parked the place is fun. It's shops and a few small attractions like mini-golf and movies. Lot's of gimmicky places to eat which some people love (and others not so much). To be honest the bars/clubs seem weird to me but to each his own. The shops have lots of random stuff focusing on touristy stuff but that isn't a bad thing. Keep in mind food, drinks and stuff are all generally more expensive than they are elsewhere. I believe we paid 12$ for two small ice cream cones. There is also some show tapings which can be fun to attend but make sure to look up what is being recorded before coming to City Walk as schedules are erratic. If you are in the area after 6pm (when parking is free I think) it's worth the visit for sure. Just be extra careful when parking!
*Universal CityWalk To Do List* {Entertainment} Blue Man Group {Cheap Eats} Panda Express, Moe's Southwest Grill, Whopper Bar {Bars and Nightclubs} Pat O'Brien's, Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville, Red Coconut Club, the groove, Latin Quarter, CityWalk's Rising Star {Shopping} (or in my case, Window Shopping) *Fresh Produce- Sounds like a grocery store, but they sell clothing, swimwear, fashion accessories, handbags, beach bags, sandals, etc. *The Island Clothing Store- Sportswear and Swimwear *Katie's Candy Company- Satisfy your sweet tooth *The Endangered Species Store- Merchandise dedicated to calling attention to endangered species and ecosystems. *Universal Studios Store- Get your Universal souvenirs here *Cigarz at CityWalk- Looks like an old Cuban cigar factory *Hart & Huntington Tattoo Shop- Take home a permanent souvenir from your trip :P Note: Universal Citywalk is located right between the 2 theme parks. It's extremely convenient. You can also use the complimentary water taxi to visit any of the 3 On-site Hotels. There are plenty more bars and restaurants available at each hotel.
This is a VERY fun place!  Too bad we couldn't get there on a more happening night.  =\ After a long convention weekend we wanted to go out and have some fun before heading back to Cali so we researched places to go dancing.  I discovered CityWalk had multiple restaurants, bars and dance clubs so we opted to go there so we weren't stuck someplace we loathed. Let's start off by saying that the parking lot is CA-RA-ZY!  It is bigger than some stadium parking I've seen.  It still overwhelms me to think about it.  I don't remember how many floors there are...but there are MANY...and there are people movers and it is about the size of a super huge mall but with parking spaces.   We didn't arrive at CityWalk until after 9:00 pm on a Sunday night so a lot of it was closing when we arrived.  We walked past Red Coconut Club, which was our "plan B" if the other place we decided on didn't pan out.  We started off the night in Pat O'Briens where my friends got some Hurricanes and I opted for an option that went with my beverages from dinner.  (Mixy = sicky!)  We then ended up at the Groove.  Great times but not too many people.  I was like a ghetto superstar on the dance floor.  I think there were MANY songs where I was the only one dancing.  I didn't care, though.  The music was great because they played current top 40, hip hop, house, rock, 80's...you name it!  I love diversity and plenty of space on the dance floor to bust into the occasional running man and/or moon walk.  My friends finally dragged me out of there while I was jamming to Journey.  BUMMER! Overall this seems like a really fun place and I'm looking forward to going back!  It's just overpriced because it caters to tourists.  Next time I'm going to visit the Bob Marley joint...he he he
I've only been here at night for shows and to grab a bite, but I really enjoy coming to venues like this one.   City Walk is one of those places where you can show up with a group of friends without plans or reservations and you can normally find something that everyone in your group will be happy with, whether it's dinner or a place to have drinks or even a show.   The only real concern I had here was when I showed up at around 8 on a Friday night and there were only 2 attendants working at the entrance to the parking garage.  Each of them was collecting $$ and admitting 2 lines of vehicles to park.  Because they only had a few people working, I waited in line for about 10 minutes to get into the parking area.
I do remember a time when the only thing out there was Universal Studios. Oh so long ago, then after many, many years we bought passes and discovered Islands of Adventure and City Walk. Now we are proud pass holders for Universal/Islands and come approximately once a month for the weekend. CityWalk is chock full of eats, shopping, movies, nightclubs and music. We have experienced some of the most talented bands here, I mean AMAZINGLY talented just playing on the stage next to the Universal Store, we have shopped countless times in many of the shops, and a huge plus as pass holders we get discounts in some of the restaurants and stores! Score! A nice touch to the area and incredibly smart to add it right there, you HAVE to walk through from the parking lot and are tempted to stop somewhere on the way in or out. We have even gotten to the parks super early, ridden roller coasters, gone to a movie at CityWalk in the early afternoon to escape the sweltering heat and then back to the park in the late PM!
Definitely a mecca of tourists. It's basically a strip of overprices restaurants, bars, entertainment and movies. However, always a nice visit every once in a while for locals. I believe it's something we take advantage of having so close to us. There is a pretty good venue, Hard Rock Live, but the drive out, paying for parking and walking about a mile to get to the location may deter me and others to visit very often. The ambiance is overall theme park since it's all Universal. It has some good restaurants like NBA City, however, like I mentioned, pricey as heck. It's a nice stop to walk, just casually stroll and grab a drink or some food but not the smartest place to spend an entire night. It also makes for a decent date night if you take the ferry over to the nice hotels. When there is a large event going on here, parking is a drag and the crowds are sometimes overbearing. Also terrible when it's raining. This place really is a toss up!
First of all, there is no reason anyone should pay for a Party Pass. A quick Google search (from my phone no less) pointed me in the direction of a printable coupon for a free Party Pass to Universal's City Walk. I'll admit that we headed out a little later then we wanted to (I believe we left the resort at about 10:00) but our inability to be punctual paid off because as we approached City Walk we were welcomed with Free Parking After 10:00 p.m.! After receiving our free Party Passes we were also given a little coupon booklet of drink specials throughout the strip. The best one in my opinion was the $3 specialty drink at the Bob Marley club. I expected it to be some house rum and coke or something but we ended up with a premium specialty drink that was much stronger then I thought it would be. I cannot remember the name of it at the moment but I'll add it later if i remember. Anyway, the clubs were alright. They fulfilled our desire to dance for a few hours. All in all it was a cool place to go when you want to go out and do something and not spend too much money in the process.
When I compare Universal City Walk Orlando with City Walk L.A., I have to just laugh at how bad Los Angeles has it when it comes to night life. Yeah, I know. We have the urban sprawls, but come on, Florida is lumps of houses separated with swamp land. That's what makes City Walk so great, it is that mecca you can come to at night, and while the public transportation system isn't really all that great, it's a wide open road so no one is really there to hit. I'm not sure if the gators will file a police report. First off, the fine folks in Orlando don't have to pay for parking, you can drink and have a lot of options.. GOOD options to drink while also getting your grub on in a setting that isn't gang filled. The lack of the $12-15 parking is the biggest plus, I have to say. Yeah, it's a little bit of  walk, but that just lets you build up an appetite. The lay out is amazing and since there's two parks to choose from on the daily basis there, it's full of a more older crowd. This is really one of those amazing night life choices in Orlando. There's a a sort of slope that the whole area is built on. I'm going to guess that this is cause they want to easily clean up the puke at the end of the night. Just hose it down hill and into the drain. I have to say, there was a lot of drinking done in this place. A lot of memories completely gone. Oh how many brain cells did I lose there. I haven't a clue. Then there's a lake. How cool is that? There's just so many good choices of places to eat, drink and shop. It's really a shame that L.A.'s version doesn't have the same sort of level of quality. While I'll never go to the City Walk in L.A if I had a choice or didn't have to go to their concert hall, I went here a couple of times and enjoyed the hell out of it. A different beast altogether and really great for post theme park fun or just senseless intoxicated action. Best of all, they kick all the under 21's out at night, so no need to check for I.D's or deal with dumb kids. Just with dumb drunk Floridians.
Wanna put your hand next to a famous NBA player's to compare size?  Do it at CityWalk. Wanna listen to Jimmy Buffet while you sip on a margarita?  Do it at CityWalk. Wanna see the newest blockbuster film?  Do it at CityWalk. Wanna dance the night away to R&B, Latin, Reggae, or Pop?  Do it at CityWalk. Wanna have your picture taken next to a race car?  Do it at CityWalk. Ok, I'm sure you see the point by now.  CityWalk is a place where you can do/try just about anything, and parking is free after 6.  Just don't expect to have the time of your life - the nightlife is just okay.
CityWalk is Universal Orlando Resort's multi-level entertainment destination featuring more than a dozen restaurants from white cloth dining to fast food, clothing stores, gift shops, a movie theater, and even a tattoo parlor--and it basically has two lives. During the day and throughout most of the evening, CityWalk serves as a great place to find a variety of themed eateries, shopping, and entertainment.  It is also the home to a 20-screen movie theater + IMAX, and the popular Blue Man Group show.  Since there is no admission fee for CityWalk (other than parking if you have a car), it is a great place to meet up with friends, sample a variety of atmospheres, enjoy some live music, and people-watch.  My favorite spot: Lone Palm Airport, the tiki bar just across the walkway from Margaritaville.  Order the perfect margarita or a loaded LankShark. However, on Friday and Saturday nights, CityWalk feels decidedly different.  The night clubs attract a local audience who, for the most part, do not have the same vibe as the tourists during the day.  There is still fun to be had, but it is definitely a different attitude, and one I'm not nearly as fond of. My biggest criticism of CityWalk is the lack of family-friendly entertainment.  There are plenty of interesting experiences for adults, from dueling pianos at Pat O'Briens to full band karaoke at Rising Star.  But if you have kids with you, you're pretty much limited to the restaurants and occasional stilt-walkers roaming about.  With the tremendous success of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, I'd sure like to see some other offerings for the kids. Nevertheless, CityWalk has a certain electricity that is all its own, and lots of stuff to experience, all within easy walking distance around the lagoon.  For these reasons I'll still keep coming back for more. Insider tip: Universal's watertaxis are free transportation to the onsite hotels.  They don't start asking for room keys until the late evening.  I highly recommend taking a ride to each of the onsite hotels.  They are really spectacular (although I find Hard Rock a little over-hyped), and each of them has their own set of restaurants and bars.  If you can only visit one, go to Portofino Bay, Universal's flagship resort.  It is modeled off of the fishing village in the Italian Riveria that shares the same name. Insider tip 2: Already done CityWalk?  Grab a five-minute taxi over to Pointe Orlando on International Drive.  Pointe Orlando offers a more upscale mix of restaurants and other themed entertainment.  And yeah, their IMAX screen is much more impressive CityWalk's.
I really enjoy Citywalk, it has a more grown up feel to it than downtown disney. Visited recently with the family and we had so much fun! There are many restaurants, some more for adults only, like margaritaville but there are others like emerils and bubba gump shrimp that can cater more to families. I also like the fact it has a big movie theater and a couple of clubs. I guess a little bit for everyone.
This place is a great hang out spot. I came here at night for dinner and notice that this place is way better than the Universal CityWalk in LA. Not only it is bigger but it seems like there is a lot more things to do. Perfect for a hot night where you want to just chill outdoor. The place close at 2am so it's totally awesome. Love how they play the music really loud.
Without a doubt, Citywalk is a manufactured mecca of materialism. Luckily, I'm a material girl. Orlando's version is extremely similar to the one in LA, so Universal doesn't win points for creativity. However, I can't deny that it's an entertaining way to spend an afternoon. Chain restaurants galore (they win me over with Margaritaville), all kinds of shopping, a massive movie theater and even a high-class tattoo joint are all part of the Citywalk experience. The major downer about this place? Parking is $15 if you come before 8pm. After 8pm, it drops to $3. That's a major disincentive for people to visit in the daytime. Don't they WANT us spending money on crap we really don't need? I found some great stuff, including a badass t-shirt for a friend at one of the many kiosks. It's a place I enjoy visiting, but I take it for what it is. I'm a bigger fan of real deal adventures, versus the kind dreamed up by corporations. Nonetheless...
The salad with fruit was great and service was ok. The only problem was the spicy shrimp tasted like rubber. Other items were average. N
Even if you don't plan on going to Universal Studios during your trip, you must make your way to Universal City Walk.  It is spread out and lively than Universal City Walk in California.  A ton of options to dine, grab a drink, play golf, shop, watch a movie, etc. Parking after 6pm is $5.00. Restaurants close at midnight and all the live fun stuff for adults close at 2am. Something for everyone, a definite must see. :)
It's nicely kept.  Nothing really to do but eat.   You could go anywhere else in Orlando to eat.
This place is a great hang out spot for the younger crowd. You could just hang out outside or go bar hoping or even have dinner at one of the many restaurants. The variety of places was surprising. Emril has a restaurant here and there is also a Latin place and a Sports place. I ate at the Bubba Gump Shrimp co which was pretty cool. Go shopping during the day, drop off the bags in the car, and go partying at night!
Citywalk - I have so many fond memories of you! Before I turned 21, this was my favourite dinner and a movie spot. They have great deals on multi-tickets (dinner/movie, all club pass, all club/movie) that never exceeds $20 pp...such a bargain! The shops were never spectacular, and compared to everything else in Orlando (and Miami), I guess it is just a little above your normal shopping center...but you will always hold a special place in my heart! There is a beautiful lake in the middle, and you can take the boat into the different resort areas. My favourite is coming into the Portofino hotel - it has a spectacular marina. Additionally, entrance into Citywalk is free (parking is free after a certain time, also). So a great spot to just come and walk around for a while if you're on a budget. For dining, there are many different restaurants to choose from: Emeril's, Latin Quarter, Bubba Gump, and Hard Rock are just a few. They also have quite a few bars and clubs (a couple of the restaurants transform into a club at a certain time, i.e. Latin Quarter). A good place for families, young couples or singles (21 and over) to have fun. Not too much to do after about 11 PM for the under 21's, except for the movies, though.
We came here one night to walk around and found it very boring. It was trying to be a younger, cooler downtown disney, but it just didn't hit right. I would skip this and go to downtown disney.
I remember this place as a kid/teen it was always one of our destinations when in florida. Universal then city walk, mostly for dinner. My parents said "You'll enjoy this place much more when you're 21" T So now being 21, I can go dancing here and drinking, and yeah it really is more enjoyable. I orlando, anything you do during the day will make you feel 5 again, so this is a great break. My friends and I spent a couple of hours latin dancing there then walked around the place really drunk taking photobooth photos (there's a few around I just love em!!) The clubs close around 2! But you can still walk around. Also it's a nightlife venue but people where their day clothes! All 500 ppl I think that were leaving the park as we were entering were staring at us (it's not easy to be this good looking). It's a real jeans an tshirt place O__O
Sooo much to do! Whether you want to dance the night away, catch a movie, grab some dinner while you listen to some great tunes or simply walk around and people watch, there is SOMETHING for you to do at City Walk. Love visiting City Walk each time I visit Orlando and it never disappoints. The restaurants range from the chains such as Moe's Southwest Grill to unique dining restaurants such as Bob Marley's restaurant! All in all, its a good vibe and good place to hang with friends, family and enjoy the beautiful nightlife!
CityWalk is an Orlando must see if you are a young person, or a person young at heart visiting Orlando! In a nice safe enviroment you can club hop all night, sing in front of a band with back  up singers, experience mardi gras, get some high quaility cigars dance to great dj music, and rock out to a nice cover band all in one place! Not to mention when you are done you can stumble back to your hotel room if you are staying in the Universal Resort complex or you can grab a cab and quickly jot back home to your hotel, with the knowledge that if you drove, your car is safe in the parking garage. So if you are in Orlando and you want to party, checkout CityWalk!
The majority of shops and restaurants on the lower level are open all day. There is a very nice surf shop right next to Nascar that stretches all the way to the other end by Bubba Gump & Shrimp Co. Don't expect any sales or discounts, as prices are all retail, but there is a wide variety of apparel, sandals, bags, watches, and sunglasses. But the after-hours is when this place really lights up. All the restaurants on the upper level open, live bands perform, and there are several places to dance at. You can park at the Universal lot for free after 6pm. A couple escalators and walking conveyor belts, and you'll find yourself in a little town with plenty of eats, from Nascar, Bubba Gump & Shrimp Co., Margarativille, Latin Quarters, Bob Marley, Hard Rock Cafe, Kahuna Pizza, TCBY, Cinnabon, and plenty more. Many of these places require you to pay an in-door admission, so plan ahead or buy the Citypass for $14.99 which allows you access to all the clubs/restaurants on the premise.
We compared it to Navy Pier in Chicago the whole time.  Chain restaurants with some interesting bars/clubs and a tattoo parlor.   Good deal if you want to hit it up though - for about $12 you get access to all clubs all night.  Add another $5 and they throw in a movie at the Cineplex.   I can't imagine coming here after spending 12 hours in a theme park but who knows?  You might get a second wind!
To add to what other reviewers have said... Cheesy & touristy (well, duh) I don't know what other nightlife options one would have in a tourism-driven city like Orlando, but CityWalk was not a good one for sure.  It was somewhat "nice" to walk around in the pleasant night breeze and listen to live rock band performing on the stage for a few minutes... but the rest of the night was like a flavorless gum.
I was very impressed with Citywalk. There was lots to do and something for everyone. My one annoyance is that I had to show my ID FIVE times. I guess since it was spring break security was on high alert. lol Seriously though, I had to show it to get on the moving walkway, then I had to show it to go up the escalator then I had to show it to get in the club. And both times I bought drinks I had to show it. Even though I had a wristband. Ridiculous but I digress. We danced the night away in the Groove. The DJ was the best DJ I've ever heard. He could really read the crowd and he played a little of everything. He even tricked me into dancing to Britney Spears! Overall it was a great experience and I will definitely be making a trip back to citywalk
Although CityWalk is best known for its nightlife, I have to say that I really enjoy it during the daytime for it's family friendly shopping places and excellent restaurants. There is plenty to do here on Lazy sundays with the family, and if you don't mind paying for the parking, coming here is a great way to spend the day! The Good: Plenty of diverse stores: From a surf-themed store to a nascar store, there is plenty here to look at. There is also a tattoo parlor here if you want a permanent souvenir from your Orlando vacation. Great themed restaurants: Normally I am not a fan of themed restraunts, just because I find them a little obnoxious, but both the Margaritaville and BubbaGump restaurants are awesome, and worth a try. The Bad: Not as Big as Downtown Disney: Honestly, I do have to say that for my daytime family outings I do prefer the size and structure of Downtown Disney (not to mention the free parking!)   If you are looking for some nighttime party action, then you really can't do better than CityWalk. But from the point of view of a daywalker, this place just doesn't have as much to offer as some of the local malls or the infamous Downtown Disney. Overall 6.5/10= Can-do daywalking
The Good: [1] It's free! And they kick all the young-un's out after a certain time. [2] There are lots of touristy sights, bright lights, and colorful shops. [3] Pat O's is a great place to drink, not so much on the food. Bob Marley's has wonderful music, food, and dancing. The movie theater is spacious and has some of the movies before other theaters get it. Hmm, those are the main highlights I can think of . . . oh and its a great place to take pics. The Bad: [1] If you want to have any real fun you've gotta pay, and it's not the cheapest for what you're getting. [2] It's a lot of walking, so wear comfortable shoes. The Ugly: [1] If you don't have a good memory when it comes to parking, you shall suffer. Their parking garage is HUGE and even though each level and area has a catchy name, it's still easy for a person like me to lose their car. Not a pretty night.
It was a Monday night in Orlando and I desperately needed something to do. My wonderful cousin drove us over here. Just the two of us. We got here at about 9:30. Because she's 17 she couldn't get in to anything BUT I was able to drink my self in to oblivion. My first stop was too some random bar stand. Just one little old dude and a plethora of liquor. He didn't make anything frozen but he sure gave me an assload of ice. I got some raspberry lemonade something idk. It was delicious thought and this whole strip is a family spot so of course it wasn't all that strong. As I sipped and strolled , enjoying the sites and watching the other tourists that infested the area I stumbled upon Fat Tuesdays! Now I hadn't finished my first drink but I refused to leave with out a daiquiri so I was forced to jug my drink before I could order another. They wouldn't let my younging in anywhere. So i guess you can say security is pretty tight. As I was walking. green grown up wrist band on and everything a security guy came and asked to see my id.. because I just look so terribly young. Boy was he on top of his under age drinking. That was cool. At least you know no younging will be getting lifted out here. We tried to got o the Bob Marley restaurant. The were friendly and politely told us no. lol We had a good time strolling around. I was leant. And I went in to a bunch of the shops. A good night. So in conclusion is you're 20 and under your best bet is to come here before 9. Once you're in they wont make you leave but you have to be in already. Walking around is still lots of fun though.
Universal CityWalk is the entry point of Universal Orlando.  It is where you are herded through on your way to either of the two Universal theme parks.  While it can be obnoxious being corralled through the parking garage walkway with a large group of people, they do a good job keeping the flow going.  I find there is something exciting walking with a bunch of people who can't wait to get to the theme park.  The music gets pumping and you start to feel like you're going to have some fun. The first sign of entertainment you'll notice when approaching CityWalk is the new Hollywood Drive-in Golf.  These two different themed mini golf courses open up in March.  Beyond that you'll find the AMC Cineplex.   With twenty different theaters there's bound to be a flick for everyone.  Some of the other entertainment comes to life at night.  With clubs like the Latin Quarter and Red Coconut Club for dancing and Blue Man Group and Hard Rock Live for entertaining. With over a dozen eating options to choose from deciding where to dine shouldn't be too hard.  A few choices include; Creole gourmet at Emeril's, seafood at Bubba Gump Shrimp Co, Jamaican at Bob Marley and Cheeseburgers in Paradise at Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville.  You'll also find some fast food options at the Top of the Walk Food Court. This entertainment complex has a fun vibe going on.  You can take a nice stroll around the lake, do a little shopping, grab a drink along the way and end your night with some entertainment.  People looking for a good time will find it at Universal Orlando's CityWalk.
This place is in need of a makeover. At any rate, this is an good place to sit, have a drink outside, and people watch. There are a lot of interesting folks that walk by. Aka, the traditional "theme park" crowd. You know who I'm talking about...
City Walk is like the Mall of Universal Studios. They have a big beautiful waterway with bridges, statues, mini golf, retail and chain restaurants. Almost every big name restaurant is there and many I have never been to. I just wanted to walk around and scope out all that this area had to offer before it was time to head out. It's a fun little area that has an amusement park feel outside of the park, definately a lot going on here from day to night and fun for all ages.
Pretty cool. Tons of restaurants and places to club at. We stopped at Bubba Gump for dinner which I highly recommend!! After that we just did some walking around and took a bunch of pictures. A lot of the places were charging cover so we didn't go in. I did want to stop by Pat O'Briens to try that hurricane drink but again that place was charging. LAME. Great spot to take visitors but it's something I wouldn't do all the time. Traffic coming here can be a problem too. The cool thing is we didn't have to pay for parking. It says $3 after 6PM which isn't bad at all. But we got there at 10PM and they just let us right by.
Went to the Latin Quarter....which was pretty cool.  They had a live band that wasn't very good...but the layout of the joint was really cool.  The bar was the center stage (as it should always be) and then the dining and stage area was off ahead in the distance. The drinks were great (we had drink tickets for all night long, so we all made good use out of them).  My newly acquired friend spilt my merlot all over my brand new ivory pashmina but even that did not detract from good times. I would go back...but in large crowds.  I think you would get swallowed up by intimacy here.
CityWalk when the sun goes down is so much fun! In the day, it's just a nice walk for locals or tourists, so it can be very blah... But at night- it transforms into something that should be in every city. If I recall correctly, from the last time I went, there were over 12 different clubs in one huge somewhat of a court. Every club had it's own style. You have your B.E.T Club, your Cowboy club, your Revolving floor club (Mannequin, was what it was called at the time), your Rave type club, and the list goes on... Just awesome. Definitely a must see if you're in the area- you won't be disappointed!
I used to work here. Overall, not a bad place to shop or spend an evening out having drinks. My advice : Don't stand next to Margaritaville for too long or the one Jimmy Buffett CD they play will become permanently engraved in your brain. Also, Citywalk is designed to catch you in the shopping as you leave the park. If you don't want to get lost walking in circles trying to find the parking garages, just ask for help, or head towards the movie theater. If you're staying in one of the hotels accessible by them, take one of the boats back to your room once, it's fun and you are on vacation, aren't you?;-)
Citywalk is ok and probably the only close option to go out and drink to do a club crawl safely other than Downtown Orlando. I enjoy stopping at Pat O'Briens to start off the night with 1 or 2 Hurricanes.  They can make you feel alright for quite awhile without needing another cocktail.  I mean 4 oz of 151 Bacardi -- enough said. Then we usually hit Bob Marley to dance off the hurricane and then end up at Margaritaville for the night caps and to listen to some tunes.  I really don't go in any other clubs or venues while I am there. It's a pretty ok time.
What isn't there to do here, u could do just about everything, shop, eat dinner, catch a movie, have a drink, even go to a club..ETC... This is the kinda place u take the whole day off for and just do everything and anything. I, like other people have mentioned, have gone to LA's city walk, and they do resemble each other in many ways. Either way, it's a fun place to go and check out.
When Citywalk first opened it was awesome. Now it is just OK. I've noticed that the crowds have dropped at most of the clubs. Bob Marley's seems to be jam packed when others aren't. Overall it is a fun night with lots of different bars/clubs to visit. We used to go to the Groove back when it was hip and had a dressier crowd. Lately when we've been it has been dead... too bad. Pat O Brian's is always a good place to hang out, relax in a chair, have a few hurricanes and some over priced New Orleans wanna-be food. It is much smaller than the real Pat's but the vibe is the same. Margaritaville can be fun if you've had some drinks and stay for the live band. The shops are the normal touristy type. Over priced stuff you could get elsewhere in Orlando. The theater is large, nice and clean. They have a huge multi-level lobby and even sell beer! There are plenty of themed restaurants that are all pretty similar. The exception is Emeril's which caters to the gourmet crowd. I always thought it was kinda funny how we would be walking in dressed up ready to go clubbin' and all the sweaty, wet, sun burnt tourists would be riding the people movers the other way to their cars. We have been to special events at City Walk and concerts at Hard Rock. It is always a nice atmosphere and parking is free after 6pm.  The lagoon can be a pain to walk around (in heels, after a few drinks...) but it looks nice!
5 words: MILF hunting at the Groove. Try it out.
Do not go unless you are already going to the park or are staying at Universal. $15 to park just to over pay for food and tourist crap! Disney at least was free. That's why it was a zoo of people hell bent to buy something. We met friends for their kids birthday or I would never have paid that much to give them more of my money.
I really enjoy Citywalk. My first experience there consisted of a meal at the Bob Marley club on the second floor that served authentic jamacian food and extremely strong rum punches.  The waiter there was great and after spilling my full rum punch all over my lap, swooped in and gave me a replacement for free.  Nice.  The food was good, tunes were to be expected, and I had a nice time. The second time I went 2 of my friends from Boston and I did the whole club hopping thing for $15 in March when they were celebrating Mardi Gras.  We hit up every club there and they were all fun and totally different.  Bob Marleys was full of tourists grinding all up in each other's space.  Coconut Club was a lot of fun, the Piano bar was by far the best, we got free drinks at the Latin Quarter and attempted to samba (with no luck), and then ended up at the Groove, which quite honestly, I can't remember much of.  Either way, we closed the place down, had a blast and then ended up at a place called Steak n' Shake, which deserves a whole other review in itself.  Needless to say, the next morning was not a fun one.
Although it might not seem like it, CityWalk is more than just That thing you have to walk through to get to Universal. They have a bunch of restaurants upstairs and down, and on the weekends the clubs are a lot of fun. Come after 6 and skip out on parking fees, unless there's an event or something going on. The theater is really good too, if you have a movie itch that needs scratching.
$15 to park.  Are you kidding? The place is too loud, and full of people acting happy because they think they are supposed to be happy after paying too much for everything - including parking.
Ridiculous set-up for parking and entering both the parks and City Walk. To pay $16 just to enter the parking area and then have to navigate the mess was frustrating. Not sure why they couldn't have a separate parking area and either free parking or reduced parking for those not entering the parks. After we got through the main gate they had little staff and we had to rely on the pylons and contradicting signs to point us in the right directions. After looping all around and seeming far from the City Walk signs that we saw we finally parked. I was finally able to locate some park staff, but had to wait a few minutes so they could finish up socializing with each other to be able to assist me. Since we were never there and it seemed like we were far from the City Walk, I just wanted to know if we were in the right spot. The older fellow quickly snapped at me and said I should've paid for the Preferred Parking if I didn't like it...okkkkayyyyy, $16 to park just to then pay more money just to shop and eat was already ridiculous, but we should've paid more? All I know is Disney would never have rude staff, be understaffed at high traffic areas and also have garbage laying all over. We went in the day and half the places were closed or were drastically scaled back. I'm sure it's hopping later in the evening, but after leaving the free parking at Downtown Disney and everything it brings for everyone in the family, to pay a lot to park here for very little was disappointing. I'd actually offer up 2.5 stars if half stars were permitted, but since I wasn't I gave it 2.
I've heard the clubs are better at City Walk compared to Downtown Disney, but I haven't experienced them yet myself. The restaurants are good, and there is a nice variety to choose from. City Walk definitely does have a different feel. I do, however, usually only walk through it on the way to the parks and/or Hard Rock. Maybe one of these days I'll actually stop and spend some time in the venues.
Universal did a great job with their restaurant, shopping & entertainment area, CityWalk. It's has a great variety of shopping and eateries as well as some good entertainment venues. I can't comment on those but I have eaten at quite a few places on CityWalk.  I love Hart & Hunington...Carey Hart! Love him. I love the atmosphere at night. I get some Dippin Dots & sit on the  steps by the water.
Fun, fun, fun! Whether you want to drink, dance, eat, shop, or feel like 21 again, go here.  You will not regret it. :)
I'm not sure if thhe nightlife here is better.. but I thought the daytime CityWalk as weak! I've been to SoCal's Universal CityWalk (during the night time) and thought it was much more fun! They had more quirky & unique shops and a good number of restaurants (it's been a few years since I last went though).... This place had some good restaurants.. but a good portion of the walk was closed... Maybe they open at night time?  I didn't have time to stay late... but it'd be interesting to see if that's the case.... Oh, and the gift shop doesn't carry all the cool stuff the park does... I GUESS it has a decent amount of things.. but it definitely lacks!
There are tons of things to do at the Universal City Walk.  You can eat, shop, dance at a club, play mini golf, get a tattoo, or watch a movie at the AMC theatre. The Universal City Walk becomes overpopulated with many attention seeking crazy people at night. So if that is not something you want to deal with, then I highly recommend that you play mini golf, or catch a movie at the AMC.
City Walk is just like any other themed shopping street; every shop here is associated with Universal one way or another, or so I think. Hard Rock Café, Buffett's Margaritaville, NASCAR themed Sports Grille, and Pat O'Brien's the NOLA transplant? I don't maybe they shoot movies at these locations? Shrugs. For better or for worse, Universal City Walk serves at the connection between the Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure. As if there isn't enough things to do in this area already, there is also a Mini-Golf place stuck in-between Bubba Gump Shrimp Restaurant and AMC Theater.
CityWalk scores well in my book simply because they offer an alternative to traditional theme park food.  I always expect to eat a crap ton of fried food and burgers while in Orlando, but I was semi spared because of the restaurants in CityWalk.  Still pretty unhealthy food, but if I had to eat another round of chicken tenders, I'd probably just throw up.   What's also great is that they had a movie theater.  I know, I can watch movies in my hometown, but the option provided us a nice way to hide from the sun and walking for a couple hours.  Tickets for IMAX were $13, which I'm surprised that they didn't jack up.  (Though I may be biased, because I think NYC movie tickets are relatively hefty?)
I can't believe I got conned into going here on Labor Day, parking was $16 and it was trash strewn!  Don't go if you have to pay for parking! I could go on and on about the negatives!
Good place to get drinks or hang out. It's pretty much high-end theme park food and drinks. Lots of better chain restaurants: Hard Rock, Emeril, Planet Hollywood, etc. I couldn't find any in Florida microbrews though... so if you're a beer snob, look elsewhere. It was very hard to find my way out of this place... didn't like that.
LMAO I do not remember city walk. Just kidding! After hours though this place is bumpin'. I go atleast twice a year to join my b.g.f Julie for a weekend of trouble making and o O o yes trouble it is, but so much fun we have indeed. We hit up The Groove, Bob Marleys, Margaritaville and honestly I do not remember the other places....O ooooo The Latin Quarter. I love the Latin Quarter. Although I cannot salsa dance (in my mind I can though after a trip to Margaritaville) I most certainly try at the Latin Quarters. So much fine trying to stay afloat in our heels and dresses. The Groove is awesome too. They have the same bouncer working the door everytime i've been there in the last 4 years. He looks either like Rick James or James Brown...I can't really remember. It always comes back to me when i'm standing in line, but i'm thinking it's Rick James. It makes me laugh out loud everytime. That place is awesome for House music and top 40 and the O so wonderful jello shots in the giant plastic syringes. lol and of course the tons and tons of tourists. The locals crack me up more though. Orlando is kinda ghettofied to me, but it's ok. I don't believe boots, especially Timderlands, should be worn when the weather is above 40 or 50. Aren't you feet sweating in those hot things? Geez. Margaritaville and Bob Marleys are ok to me. When I travel to Orlando it's to partaaayyyyy and although Margaritaville and Bob Marleys are cool little spots i'm not really concentratiing on eating and listening to cover music when i'm ready to hit the dance floor with my girls. All in all I always have a good time there. You've got clothing and novelty stores as well as lubs restaurants bars and outdoor stands to purchase more alcohol, and it's right across the pond from the Hard Rock hotel and bar which I think transports you by a little boat to City Walk. You can pay a $10 cover to each bar or purchase a $15 pass to get an all.
Exactly what I expected... a tourist mecca. Don't get me wrong, that wasn't an insult, but I'm the kind of person that cherishes those hole-in-the wall bars that you can tell everyone in there is a local. If you are forced to go to City Walk because of convenience, it's not bad. There is probably 6-8 bars along the main walk, and lets just say the booze is flowing. I also really enjoyed the "beverage" kiosks for adults. My favorite bar/club of the evening was Bob Marley's. It was great. Live reggae music. The club portion was outside so you could look up and see the stars while you're dancing, and there was a ton of fans on full blast circulating the air. If it was hotter, I'd probably like it a little less, but it was a great evening. Plus, I just like jammin' (in a horrible attempt of a jamaican accent). If you want a decent place to bar hop, with unlimited supply of drinks, go here. **Also I was told by a few people to go to customer service when you get there and get a "Party Pass." Apparently on the weekends when the cover charge is crazy for the bars, this one time $12.99 pass gets you in without paying cover.
Was definitely missing out last time, because we were able to visit CityWalk at night this time and it way more entertaining. They had live music, and dance contests. Other than that it's just restaurants and stores, and I believe there is a club up the escalator because they were ID-ing people before they went up it.
It's kind of cool.  Unfortunately, it has a very touristy feel to it, but that doesn't stop locals from practically living there. If you don't have anywhere better to be, CityWalk is a nice destination to just get out of the house. There is a decent night scene, with lots of genre options (which I really like). It's totally different from CityWalk Hollywood, which feels less touristy, but doesn't offer much of a night scene (but they did just have a free Cee-lo Green concert!!)
I suppose that it just wouldn't be right not to at least mention one of the many highly trafficked and greatly anticipated theme parks/tourist attractions here in Orlando, Universal's CityWalk.  As a new resident these are a few things I've come to learn through my visits. First, if you really do enjoy visiting Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure on a regular basis, get the annual 2-park pass because the benefits from having it make it very worth the money.  Parking becomes free and you receive 10-15% off of food purchases and gift purchases in the restaurants at CityWalk.  And let me tell you, that helps!  Almost all of the main ones (Margaritaville, Hard Rock, Nascar, Pastamore, Bob Marley's) participate so it's a good incentive for going there on  Saturday night.  Oh, and FYI--You don't need to purchase a ticket to get into CityWalk though, if that's the only place you'd like to visit,  you would just have to pay for parking (I think it's $11). The annual pass also allows you to receive discounts on the shows and concerts that occur there like Blue Man Group or during the Mardi Gras season.  Mardi Gras goes on for a couple of months and even draws in some big performers who play on Saturday nights.  Also, as the year begins to come to a close, the pass allows you to get into one of the parks with up to 6 of your friends for only $50 a person.   So even though the crowds can be hairy and the lines scary, getting the pass helps you enjoy CityWalk a lot more.  Plus if you went on a week night, in the off season, you might find it very appealing.
Lots of food and shopping! Also lots of party things to do. Clubs ,and movies theaters, they is something for even the pickiest person to do. I love that there were lots of new things to try, like Margaritaville and Latin Quater, and also old favorites, just in case you needed a taste of home, you could check out Starbuck's and Burger King. Pick a place our just sit outside and enjoy everything. Get a drink from one of the many drink stands. Friday, Saturday are heavy club nights so plan accordingly!
Expect a very touristy area with under-dressed patrons barhopping in flip flops and shorts. We were the only Asians around for miles which made for an interesting night. I would only recommend coming here if you plan to get butt drunk and don't give a hoot what's around you. If that is the case, you will have a great time! On a good note, we paid only $160 for a VIP table with grey goose. I think we caught the bouncer off guard when we asked and he just spit out a price...I mean who orders bottle service at any of these places? We were able to get in free, save a ton of money on drinks, and get our own table embarrassingly in the front of the club. GOOD TIMES. Don't forget to grab some super greasy pizza next door thats open late after bar hours.
I've only ever passed through/walked around CityWalk on my way into/out of the theme parks, so read on with that in mind. CityWalk is bright and bustling, with plenty for visitors to do.  There's a way-multiplex, various shops, and several restaurants to visit.  Are any of them greatawesomespectacular?  Nah.  Are they passable ways to spend a bit of time and a load of money?  Certainly.
The story begins when a group of friends and I visited Orlando, FL. We were drinking at 6pm on a Sunday evening at our hotel lounge and then we all decided to get a shuttle to be transported to Universal CityWalk to drink some more and dance the night away in a club/lounge of some sort. The minute we paid for our passes at CityWalk, some of us took a leak in the RR and the next thing I know...we were in The Groove. 3 pros right off the back: 1). not-so-crowded, 2). big dance floor, 3). great DJ playing top 40s or my type of dance music...was able to transition my groove from tune to tune. DJ was awesome...I put in 3-5 requests for my jams and he played them quickly. Honestly, I do not remember much once we all got into the club but I do remember that it became crowded at around 12:30am and there was a great mix of crowd. The only thing I did not really like was there weren't a lot of eye candies as far as I could remember...we still had fun regardless. Shot after shot till I passed out somewhere...and we ended up at McDonalds for a super early morning snack...LOL. I swore we ordered like freakin 40+ double cheeseburgers (there were about 10 of us in total) and I inhaled two of them..I think. Absolutely had fun at The Groove and I would recommend it to any visitors in town to check it out....Good times!!
CityWalk at Universal Studios has great dining, music, dancing, and entertainment.  This area tends to attract more tourists, but as a local I do go there quite often and love CityWalk.  Since Pleasure Island closed, it is nice to have a place all together with great dining and entertainment. To help save some money, check out the Meal Deal combo that includes dinner and a movie or dinner and a CityWalk Party Pass.  It will save you some money to do the combo deals.
My boyfriend had a great time here. There are tons of restaurants, bars, shops. Yes, we understand they are pricey and tourisy. But you are on a vacation. Anything you do will be a memory, make the best of out it. One awesome thing about citywalk that most people don't know is that you can walk around with your alcoholic drinks. I said that right! you can walk around with beers, margaritas, hurricanes (go to Pat O'Briens lol) to anywhere in citywalk. You can't bring them out of city walk but as long as you are on the premise, you can. How awesome is that!!!! Onto the food, they are all decent, nothing special since most of the restaurants are themed and franchised. Doesn't mean they are bad. I just had better Mexican, seafood..elsewhere.
On our trip, we went to both Universal CityWalk and Downtown Disney...I prefer Downtown Disney which is much more lively. There aren't as many restaurants and bars here, so they don't attract the same crowds. There also isn't as many shops here.
Having not been to City Walk in over a year, I was a bit disappointed in what I found. I noticed they have closed Latin Quarters and replaced it with a Mexican restaurant. I'm not sure if it still becomes a Latin dance club because on Sunday, it was closed, even for dinner. Everything else remains exactly the same and it looks a bit outdated. The Groove is still there and I think that needs to be remodeled and updated with something more modern. Cigarz bar was closed which I found strange especially because it was 8pm on a Sunday. I don't see the draw into going there anymore unless I am going to the parks. The mini golf is obviously a tourist trap and with all the ones around town, the last place I expect to find one is in City Walk. I think they could have thought of something more original and unique. On a positive note, Pastamore has been replaced with Red Brick Pizza and parking for Florida Residents is free.
OMG I LOVE LOVE LOVE iCITY WALK!!!!!! Great everything this place is awesome!! cool stores great food AWESOME bars its just such a beautiful place! At night its the best cuz its all lit up with beautiful lights and u can walk around with ur drinks and just enjoy the beautiful atmosphere!!!!
Get a party pass and bar hop. If everyone is going to get wasted get a hotel that is on the property and you can take the water taxi back to the hotel. Super fun and no one gets a DUI :) There is pretty much something for everyone here so I'm sure you'll find something that meets your needs. My personal favorite - pat o'briens :)
This is not as ghetto as the Universal City Walk in LA.
A section of this outdoor mall containing the restaurants we wanted to try was closed for a special event both nights we were here. What a disappointment.
I always bring friends and family to Citywalk when they visit from out of town. It is a crash course in everything touristy about Orlando....all in one place. Highlights include Margaritaville and The Groove....the movie theater is pretty bad ass too.
Citywalk is a great place to go to if you don't really have plans on a Friday/Saturday night, and you don't really feel like dealing with the clubs downtown. After the theme park closes (i think around 8pm) Citywalk parking is free, unless there's a big event going on, so parking isn't an issue. They don't let the kiddies into Citywalk after 11 (under 21), so make sure you bring your ID if its getting late, because they will turn you away...for the most part, expect to see the movie theater filled with teeny boppers. There's plenty to see, and more than enough to drink at the little bar-carts. If you go upstairs, that's where you'll find the "clubs," so to speak...as a resident, these clubs are super touristy and kinda cheesy to me, so I don't frequent these often. Me and a girlfriend purchased the hopper pass (where you can go to all the clubs for $11.95- or something around there...no more than $15.00), which worked out because we first went to Latin Quarters, which was completely empty, and full of rhythmless tourists, so luckily we were able to hop between Bob Marley's, The Groove, and wherever, without having to pay the individual cover charges. I personally like margaritaville the best, because of the music and the margaritas...but definitely be prepared to spend $$...its not expensive, but its not for those on a budget either...margaritas run around $12 each...something like that, but theyre GOOD! **GOOD STUFF** Definitely more laid back, so its a good place to go on a Friday/Saturday night if you feel like getting out of the house, but don't feel like getting SUPER PRIMPED for the clubs; theres ALCOHOL EVERYWHERE (even the movie theater has a bar...and they let you in with outside alcohol -from universal, of course); its lively, theres an outdoor band that plays pretty good music, depending if you like rock and that type of stuff. They stop letting the teeny boppers in after 11, so that reduces the amount of kiddies, but they don't kick out the ones who are already there (because of the movie theater). **BAD STUFF** The "clubs" are super touristy, so if you see any cuties, be prepared that they probably don't live here.
Very small compared to downtown Disney and also vey busy. Not much to do with two infants other than walk around as restaurants were very busy.
Universal's City Walk was a huge disappointment for me. They portray it on the website as a fun, cool nighttime area for adults. In reality it just a cluster of uber touristy chain restaurants, bars and shops that are grossly overcharging for sub-par food and drinks. They had some fun shopping but why do I want to walk around a crowded, noisy area with tons of kids running around after I have been at a theme park all day? All the restaurants were way too loud with teenage employees laden with flair and fake enthusiasm. At night, there were hoochy club rats lining up outside the doors of the bars at the same time there were families finishing up dinner and taking their kids to get some ice cream.  It was really bizarre. I guess it could be entertaining for people watching but I was sick of the whole place after just one visit.
After our private party at Islands of Adventure we headed over to Citywalk to check it out.  Lots of bars and shops and restaurants to check out, it's pretty cool almost an exact copy of the Citywalk in LA so nothing overly exciting for me if you've seen one Citywalk you've seen them all.  I did like the fact there were lots of options I love options and Citywalk provided many to me.
This place nearly gave me an epileptic attack - flashing lights, sounds and throngs of people. Chain restaurants all around. Not my kind of place. people watching was fun though. $5 parking after 6pm. $7 for the karaoke bar was worth it IMO. Fun place with a big group.
Citywalk was so much fun! Its fun for younger crowds and those who are 21+.  There was dancing and singing outside of the clubs...there was huge tv monitors where you could watch people inside of the clubs. Everyone was so nice and friendly and the whole place was packed. And there was no drama!
CityWalk is a pretty nice place to spend a few hours.  There are a ton of restaurants to choose from, lots of stores, and a movie theatre.  I highly enjoyed the FreshProduce store - they have a ton of Vera Bradley and Brighton products.  We also liked the surf shop.  It's pretty fun for what it is.
Unlike Downtown Disney, this little strip has more F&B outlets rather than souvenir shops. Bars, restaurants, clubs, and still shops, along with movie theater, this is a nice place to hang out after the day at the park.
This place is like a Mini Vegas.  They have Margaritaville, live concerts going on outside on the weekends, dozens of places to eat from Hard Rock Cafe to Emeril's restaurant.  This place also has souvenir shops and candy shops.  There is also a movie theater located as you enter by the elevators.  Now this is located in between Universal Studios and Adventure Park, but I don't think you have to pay the $15 parking later at night as it is at a reduced price.  So this place is a great hangout for friends, or even a date night with the old lady!
CityWalk always has something going on.  I go for movies when they have screenings.  It also has lots of restaurants and some shops.  Nice to just walk around in the evenings.  Last time I was there, they had dancers on the outside stage.  My tip on this one is if you're a Florida resident, ask about free parking in the garage after 6 PM.  I just learned about it the other day.
Overpriced, below average restaurants and shops. Lots and lots of screaming kids. A total tourist trap. Good only if you are stuck in Universal Studios and can't go elsewhere.
Came here twice in a roll! Nice and relax, yet entertained! :) I love it! So romantic here
Welcome to the entryway that leads into both Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure.  There are plenty of over priced touristy restaurants, bars, and stores that you can mosey around before or after playing at the park.. Free to enter, all you have to do is pay for parking.  Enjoy places like Margaritaville, Hard Rock Cafe, etc.  There are also water foutains/stands and other souvenir shops for you to purchase before entering the main parks.
You don't have to pay a dime to get into citywalk, ok except for paking.  Just walk on in sans ticket and enjoy live entertainment, as well as a bunch of specialty shops, restauraunts, and bars.  You're close enough to both Universal park entrances to hear everyone scream on the rides.  Great place to hang out.
Tons to do. Mini golf, clubs, restaurants and more. very entertaining and fun.
Great place to hangout and see a movie or eat.
Lots of sensory stimulation in this place.  Bright lights, music, stuff that flashes.  It's a great place to go and walk around.  I really like Bob Marley's.  I think they have the dinner and movie combo special as well.  Great place for good times!
Overpriced cheesy gayness. However, good for Bachelorette parties especially since you know going into it, it will be cheesy, overpriced and ridiculous.  Had fun with my girls here, and we chose here so we wouldn't feel bad acting silly and cheesy.... so it served its purpose, however I would not recommend this area to go out in unless 1. You're a cheesy tourist or 2. You're celebrating a bachelorette party.
Pretty cool place to kick it after you spent all your money at Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure...Definitely had to stop in at Margaritaville :) Catch a movie. Do some shopping. Relax and people watch. My family and I had an amazing dining experience at Bob Marley's restaurant...just walking into the restaurant was so cool. The food was flavorful although I wished they offered non-spicy menu items for my mom-she wasnt very happy with her rice :(. On the other hand, my pop and cousin were drinking the Rum punches like water.  Great place to relax after roller coaster riding in 90 degree weather.
There are tons of other reviews on here describing CityWalk, so I figured I'd throw in my rating and two cents.... It'd been about 10 years since I'd visited Universal Studios, and back then, it was ONLY Universal Studios. What a difference ten years can make! Universal Resort has changed radically, and for the better. Love the two huge parking garages, the walkway leading to the resort, and the entrance to the resort itself, which is essentially Universal CityWalk. From there- go left to Islands of Adventure, go right for Universal Studios. CityWalk is a pretty chill place, much like Downtown Disney, filled with a ton of different restaurants, bars, shops, and more. The entrance is geared more towards the families and kids, with a HUGE movie theatre, and restaurants like TCBY, Panda Express, Moe's, and Bubba Gump. As you walk around, there are lots of different places to shop and eat, like the NASCAR Grille, Hard Rock, Emeril's, Margaritaville, and there are shops like places that sell Vera Bradley bags, an element skate shop, and even a tattoo / piercing parlor. There are lots of little stands throughout the walk selling drinks, pretzels, hot dogs, and always keep your eyes peeled for the margarita booths! There are also boardwalk style games which you can play for a few bucks and win some prizes. Another area has a Pat O'Briens and lots of alcoholic beverage stands- unfortunately the night I was there, that area was closed for a private party. :( Kinda bummed about missing out on Pat O'Brien's, but oh well, I still had a lot of fun walking around and enjoying the sights. Entrance to CityWalk is free, however if you park in the parking garage, YOU WILL PAY. Best advice- if you're going down just to hang out- parking after 6pm is only 3 bucks. Do that, walk down, grab a drink, and enjoy the sights. It's very relaxing and enjoyable, especially after a long day of walking through the parks and waiting in lines. Take some pictures, enjoy everything the place has to offer, and you'll have a good time.
My girlfriend and I had a great time here while visiting Orlando for a friends wedding.  We had fun taken the little ferry to the hotels around and eating dinner and having drinks.  We posed for pictures on all the race cars and got a lot of male attention...all in all a really fun night!
Parking was only $3 after 8pm which was not so bad.  Cute place to just go strolling around on a nice night.  We didn't really go into any of the restaurants/bars, but everything seemed lively yet chilled.  Not too shabby.
Lots to do and free access except pay to park which is cheaper in the evenings and to FL residents.  Several restaurants, bars, and a movie theater.  Also a Hard Rock venue for concerts. Would recommend if looking for something to do besides the full theme park.  Much more to do in evenings.
I love that Universal has CityWalk.  You can get all your shopping done outside the park with no entrance fee and spend park time on the attractions!!!  The atmosphere in CityWalk is just like being in the park so you get 2 days for 1 price.  In addition to shopping, CityWalk has great Theme restaurants and shows like Blue Man for a fun filled day and night.
When going here late at night and you are female... you might want to consider bringing flip-flops if you are all dressed up with heels... which I did. The cracks on the sidewalk can kill ya. lol. Its definitely a little different at night (after a certain time its only 21+ allowed in). If you are under 21 just make sure you get in before the cutoff and you can be there til the park closes. Search on yelp for the hollywood golf which is a new attraction. It is open til 2am just like the park.
CityWalk offers a nice combination of theme restaurants, shops, fast food, and places to find some booze. Not exactly my type of place, but understandably attractive if you're a normal tourist or if you're looking for somewhere with a little nightlife. Well arranged to perfectly capture the flow coming into and going out of the Universal theme parks.
Zero stars if I could give it to them.  I went to go checkout the city walk while I was in Orlando.  A very old security guard stopped me and harassed me about bringing my camera into the park.  He wanted me to place my camera on the table and was acting like I was trying to bring a weapon into the park.  After about a minute of this I had enough, I turned around and left.  I will spend my money at Sea World.
As you would expect...tourists, tourists, tourists...lots of okay restaurants, some deck bars, but not enough shops in my opinion, and it could be bigger too.  Good parking and people watching though.
I absolutely love the citiwalk... You can spend all day and all night there which has tons of restaurants, shops and nightlife. I definately recommend especially if you have never been there.
Very similar to the LA walk, but of course, this place has it's own Orlando flare.  Cools stores and restaurants.  A great place to hang out and people watch.  Loud music and a energetic vibe fills the street.  We ended up eating elsewhere, but this is a good place to start the night.
Universal Studio's CityWalk located just before the gates of Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure.  CityWalk has lots to offer, and while I don't frequent it, its definitely a great source of entertainment for tourists and friends from out of town. Some of CityWalk's notable restaurants include Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville, which is always entertaining and enjoyable (if not a bit pricey).  There is most often times a band playing Jimmy Buffet tunes (tip:  if you are opposed to being a finhead for the night, this is not the place for you), and the restaurant itself is towering and includes a tacky gift shop as well.  Another notable restaurant is Pat O'Brian's, which has some OK Cajun food and killer drinks.   Citywalk also features the Red Cocunut Club and The Groove, as well as others, for when you are in the mood to put your dancing shoes on.  Most often times I am attracted to CityWalk for the huge movie theater which is good for those big theatrical releases, or to Hard Rock for the occasional concert.  Overall, CityWalk is a very tourist friendly type of place, or is a great place to go with friends for special occasions when you don't mind a bit of a crowd.
Good old City Walk. Besides downtown this is the place to be for a fun nightlife experience. City Walk has about every cuisine represented in one of there many themed restaurants as well as nightclubs, shops, and an Imax theater. The only downside is the hefty walk from the parking garage to your destination. And upon leaving there can be some backups too trying to get off of Universal grounds But still its an adventure in itself, don't get here at the parks closing hour and expect to get a table at any of the restaurants though. The crowds are unbelievable. Come on a Saturday afternoon or late night to do some dancing and you'll have a great time at this multi level metropolis.
Great night life and alot of good restaurants. Alot of the places also have great happy hour specials!
it's a very cool place to go and hang around they is a movie theater restaurants and nice stores. they always have some loud and interacting music.
Pretty fun place but basically restaurants and clubs, it would be nice if it had something else to offer. It has a movie theater but it would be cool if they had go karting or a bowling alley to make it more of a complete date night spot!
Great place to hang out, eat, drink and people watch. There is a good variety of everything here (except breakfast, very much lacking there. its either BK or pastamore for "breakfast pizza")
Universal CityWalk is basically an outdoor mall with more restaurants than shops. There are numerous places to eat and drink and there is even a movie theater in addition to some retail shops. I guess I've never understood the concept of putting a mall near a theme park -- maybe the concept is you're already spending an exorbitant amount of money on a theme park, maybe you'll want to drink to forget? I did like CityWalk in comparing it to other style malls like it. There was live music in the late afternoon/early evening, which was great. The restaurant selection is very good -- from pricey to inexpensive. I just don't know if I would ever go to the movies when there is a theme park just a few steps away...
Cool location. I've been here twice before. My last time was a bite quiet but I still had fun. Alot of cool restaurants and bars. Great date spot. Bring your shorty!...lol
This place is pretty cool if you want to shop, eat, and maybe jam to some music. There isn't too much going on here otherwise. The best way I can describe it is a "cool outdoor mall". A lot of the shops and restaurants are places you could find outside the park so it wasn't much special, but they do blast the music when the sun goes down for all you party go-ers.
This place is pretty neat. It was nice for us because we didn't get a chance to go to universal studios, but we were still able to go souvenir shopping and get some good food to eat. It looked pretty cool at night, lots of big signs and lights, almost like a mini vegas to me. There were some clubs that looked good since it becomes 21 and over only after 9pm or so. Most places will give you a ladies night pass to waive covers if you are a visitor to the area, which is kinda cool. We saw a bachelorette party in progress, so it must have been a fun place. The water taxi from the loews group hotels also made it really easy to get around as well.
It was fine overall and all of the flashing lights and restaurants made it a lot of fun to explore. However I was very surprised and disappointed how early the restaurants close. Considering this is a resort and I'm sure most of their customers are on vacation (and the theme parks close between 7pm-9pm) you'd think the restaurants would be open late, at least to 11pm or 12am. We had to do a lot of searching to find restaurants that were open late.
Citywalk seems very touristy.  However, since my training class (about 40-50 of us) all decided to go to The Groove, we made it a fun place.  We didn't roll in until around midnight, so we didn't buy the citywalk pass ($12 to go to any bar).  Instead, we just paid the $7 cover to get into The Groove.  The bar closes at 2am!  So early.  The Groove is huuuge, it has two levels, and multiple private rooms, and the dance floor is huge.  When you go with a large party, it's a lot of fun!
There's at least one place you'll like depending on how you like to party and your style of music.
This is one of my favorite spots in Orlando! It has a great variety of dinning & entertainment for all ages, even some shopping to. It has about 24 popular food/drink spots, a movie theater, a dance club (or more not sure lol), Hard Rock Live & the BlueMan Group. Another great thing about this place is that it is literally steps away from Universal Studios & Islands of Adventure.
Loved coming to CityWalk to visit the theme parks, restaurants and even watch a movie.  CityWalk itself is fun, lots to see and just romantic.  On Friday and Saturday nights, they have an open dance party outside by the Pastamore restaurant.  We wanted to stay and dance there but were super hungry...hopefully next time we get to join the dancing :) We watched Prometheus at the AMC Cineplex...the seats were leather or some other weird material, not as comfortable as newer AMC theaters, but we still had fun :) I loved Island of Adventure and Universal Studios, the harry potter, simpsons, shrek rides were awesome! :)
Loved the food....OF COURSE U HAVE TOO GET A SHIRT..WHEN UR HEAR...ITS LIKE THE STANDARD...
Much bigger than the one in Southern California and great music with lots shops and restaurants.
Lots of cool stuff fun walking around and seeing every thing
In town for a convention last weekend and ended up here with a large group of booze drinking, dancing fools.  We started the night with dinner at Marley's, food and service was great, then off to the karaoke bar, waitress was fun and they poured stiff drinks,  my only complaint was that it seemed to place "ringers" into sing between the bad ones.  And I'm not talking about the ones in the show.  They we people from the crowd that we really,really good.  Anyway, good times were had.  After a few drinks in O'Brians ( sad excuse for an Irish pub) we headed over to groove.  I was truly impressed with the dj he was killing it.  Everyone in the place was having a great time, young, old didn't matter.
Good restaurants, shops and things to do.  HAVE TO GO TO MARGARITAVILLE!!!!  Caution: it is expensive!!!  Bad part: the parking and the walk to the attraction.
Love love love this place.
We recently spent an evening visiting Universal Citywalk. It is a fun place to be, with lots of people watching. A decent array of restaurants and shops. Some close earlier than others, so if you really want to visit one over another, make sure to get it done, or inquire of their closing times. Again, it was the people watching that entertained me. Lots of local kids apparently like to hang here, since parking is free after 6PM.
Universal CityWalk is a really fun area - with lovely restaurants, including the Hard Rock Cafe, shops and entertainment venues. It is great any time of the day or night. There are some great Universal souvenir shops, clothes shops, a great sweet shop and lots of cafes. It makes a nice break from the theme parks. You have to pass through it to get to Islands of Adventure or Universal Studios.
This is a really fun area for nighttime with plenty of quality restaurants and bars. Lots of cool shops too but most of them are pretty overpriced as your still paying 'theme parks' prices so often do a lot of looking and not a lot of buying in them. Jimmy Buffets is one of the funnest places to eat around. Make sure to try the nachos if you go there, their something else.
CityWalk at Universal Studios has great dining, music, dancing, and entertainment.  This area tends to attract more tourists, but as a local you can still enjoy all the things to do and even sit back for some tourist people watching.
Citywalk itself is not too bad, aside from being a bif of a tourist trap and charging 15$ for parking. But in one of its venues, I underwent the the worst customer service experience I have ever encountered. This place is full of low-life trash, including the bar-tending staff.  I could not order two beers, since the idiot manager insisted in the rudest possible way, that he needed to "get a visual confirmation" that the other beer was for my wife. I politely explained that she had wandered to the stores next store, to check out some sun glasses and such. But that was no good for this putz, loser,who proceeded to be rude and start a scene.   I will find and phone the owner of this establishment, if one might be so generous enough to call it that. And tell him that he has hired an idiot to tend bar. This was the lamest customer service experience in my 40 some years of existence. Do yourself a huge favor, go to Downtown Disney Sosa Cigar Bar, or Corona CIgar on Sandlake Rd., and you will be treated as royalty instead of human filth and excrement.  I will be letting Universal Studios upper management know what is going on in this place. Poor customer service, and possible drug dealing and other nefarious activity based on the "seediness" of the crowd there. Starting with the bartending staff.
Every time I'm here i have a great experience! Bubba Gump shrimp is sooo good and all the servers are great!  The mini golf is worth $18/person! Very cute for families and couples! So many little eateries and at night this place is the place to party! Take a great group of people and have fun!
Cool little place, actually discovered it on accident. Filled with restaurants of all kinds and kiosks. The parking lot is extremely far from the actually city walk so keep that in mind..but they have moving walkways to keep you from getting exhausted before you actually get there. Wort checking out but not much to do besides eat.
it's loud and crowded.  it's full of tourists.  they have lots of parking (that you have to pay for).  but there's lots to see and do and eat.  you could spend the whole day in City Walk and never make it to the parks.  they're all the shops and the clubs, but i like to eat at Bob Marley and shop.  be a tourist.  it's fun.
So much fun! A theater and several restaurants. We went to the show/movies. Which I didn't like so much because I ended up needing to go to the bathroom. Inside the bathroom it was a very prehistoric layout. After using the restroom I searched frantically for paper towels to dry my hands, there was only a hand dryer so after drying my hands I still had to touch the door w/my clean, bare hands to get out. Which ruined my night! Until I got to the Latin Quarter. The Latin Quarter was a beautiful place with stiff drinks and outstanding food. Great music and atmosphere. We wanted to go to Emeril's that nite but his menu just blah. So after dinner we went to Bob Marleys club there were actual Jamaicans and locals there. My coworker told me she ran into Stephen Marley once while here. So I was hoping to run into a Marley as well, hopefully Kymani lol. Anyway go to Citywalk at nite when all the kids leave, thats the best time to go...
Now I know what it's like to party with the beautiful people.
we loved citywalk, it was great to go after the parks closed, we especially loved bob marley's and the bands the played there ... get margarita's to go at the window by margaritaville and walk around ... lots of bus drivers will give you cards for two for one drinks at most the restaurants
lol these bad reviews drive me nuts... complaining about parking..wtf do you expect... look at where you are. you are in a tourist city so of course everything is going to be more expensive then it should be. if you can't afford 15 bucks or whatever in parking then you shouldn't even be on vacation. go to NYC or philly, etc...it cost like 20 something just to park to run in somewhere lol that should be the least of your worries! c'mon folks seriously... i think the atmosphere is awesome! there are big crowds of course..that's a given.. don't come to a tourist area if you get aggravated with lots and lots of tourists lmao. ppl who are interested..don't let these negative reviews scare you off..there is so much to do here..from the rides at the theme parks, shops, to the many eclectic and various types of restaurants i guarantee you won't be disappointed of the set up or the atmosphere. leave your worries of money and large groups of annoying ppl (bc it is inevitable at a place like this) at home and just have some FUN!! if you get that stressed over little things like that then you will most likely be a negative nancy like the others on here lol.
Warning - Citywalk has changed it's parking policy. What used to be free parking and most recently $5. Is now a $15.00 parking fee until 8 pm.  Not all Citywalk restaurant web sites reflect this change which makes it prohibitive now to visit just for dinner.
Great place
i went here over Christmas time and i went to a restaurant called Latin quarter food was good but the place itself sucked i was bored inside there because there was absolutely no sports on TV there was just Spanish music videos which i can't even understand so this restaurant pretty much sucked but the CityWalk itself was good the movie theater was ok too
