If I am being completely honest with you, I teared up walking into Diagon Alley. It was like walking onto the movie set or into one of the books. Minus all the tourists of course! Walking in you'll see Gringotts with the huge dragon perched on the roof. The detail on the dragon in amazing. There's 'tears' in the skin and cuts on the ankles from the chains and shackles. Every 15 minutes the dragon will roar and spit fire. You will be able to feel the burst of heat! There's a ton of shops. Come ready to shell out some serious cash. Quidditch shop will have brooms, quaffles and snitches, zip front hoodies, sweaters, sweatshirts, sweat pants, socks and tee shirts. Weasleys shop will look almost spot on from the movie including the small figure of Umbridge rolling back and forth across a tight rope saying 'i will have order!'. If you purchase a pygmy puff the staff will ring a bell and announce your purchase, what you've named your new pet and then everyone in the store will start clapping. They'e got small bottles of love potion, u no poo, skiving snack boxes and other things mentioned in the books. I was squealing constantly discovering new things I'd found. Madam Malkin's robe shop did the most damage to my wallet. One robe is 109$ before tax, sweaters are 90$, ties 35$, scarves 32$and head boy/girl pins are 10$. We opted for just robes and scarves. The sweaters according to the shop girl shrink like crazy if you accidentally wash them, being dry clean only. They didn't have any sweater vests, which I would have preferred. The scarves are really large, long and soft and I can see myself wearing mine with a leather coat or winter jacket, not just a costume. Ollivander's sells wands from movie characters as well as ones you can choose for yourself. The actual wand selection doesn't happen for everyone. You go in with a group, one person is selected (it's gonna be a child) and they go through the process. BOOO. I don't care if I'm 30. I want the wand to choose me. You can pick from interactive wands or regular. If you pick a interactive wand, there's several places in both parks that you can use the wand to perform spells. Too cute! Florean Forfescue's has various ice creams. Soft serve butter beer was delicious and the hard packed salted caramel was good. Magical Menagerie has all the stuffed animals you can imagine from the films and a wicked snake in the far window that moves.   The Leaky Cauldron is family style tables where everyone packs in. You wait in line to order, pay, get a number and then take the number to a table where you wait for food to be brought to you. I had fish and chips and a really good fresh squeezed lemonade. The pricing isn't too bad and I left satisfied. The detail is amazing inside and worth browsing once you've eaten. Be sure to go down Knockturn Alley and find Borgin and Burkes, look in the shop windows and escape to some air conditioning! The escape from gringotts ride is very similar to the spiderman or transformers ride. You'll be stationary in a 3x4 cart. The details inside gringotts are amazing. The bank teller goblins look real, the chandeliers are gleaming, the paintings look perfectly aged. The goblin armor is intricate and there's even some moving portraits in the daily prophets left strewn about. Our ride broke down mid-way through on our first ride, so we got free passes to come back once it wasn't broken and express through. Be sure to ride King Cross train both ways to see different scenes. The knight bus is parked outside and you can interact with the driver and shrunken head. The butterbeer is delicious but I'm pretty sure it's liquid diabetes, so go easy!!! I feel like I'm leaving things out, but finally, go here second. Hogsmeade is much smaller and has less of a immersing feeling. It's underwhelming in comparison.
I have to preface this review by saying that I am not a Potter fan. I bought one of the books during the height of the craze, but would always fall asleep trying to read it. Same goes for the movies. I even bought one for my 6 year old to watch before our trip here, but with the exception of my husband, we lost interest. However, this alley is very  beautiful, and I still haven't been inside each shop, but it is tight and crowded because of all the tourists so it can be quite claustrophobic. We went here last week in mid October and it felt like 100 degrees. Because it is so small and crowded I felt disappointed. It is better than Hogsmead, but the latter seemed much more spacious than Diagon. Because of throngs I will never return here. I would think best time to come here would be in mid January when everyone is broke from the holidays otherwise it will pretty much be crowded all year long. Had I known this, then I would have chosen elsewhere for vacation, but alas we have a 6 year old. We bought the 4 day park to park pass. Monday was Columbus day so it was packed to the gills. We went again on Tuesday, and it was much better and we were truly able to enjoy it. We spent a good 2.5 hours just walking around so my son could use his wand at all the interactive spots. The wait for the Escape from the Gringots ride was only 30 minutes around 9 am, which my husband rode while my son and I walked around. We came again to Universal on Friday, but skipped the Alley because it was crazy crowded again. I would say the best times to come would be Tuesday to Thursday.
First the good about one of the latest additions of Universal Studios. There is a wicked attention to detail in this Harry Potter addition. The dragon that actually breathes fire is a great touch as well. Walking around it creates a better atmosphere than anything the park has ever done before. It is, however, very, very small. If you do not count waiting for the new ride you can pretty much make it through the whole thing in twenty minutes or less. Universal is doing their best to make sure of having no real room to expand by using some of the space formerly taken up by the Jaws ride. The merchandise is incredibly disappointing as well. It is, with a few very minor exceptions, the same stuff you find in the other Harry Potter area. The large magnets are all warped and then unless you want clothes or a wand that is pretty much as she wrote so far as that goes. This all sounds more negative than it really is. The first site of the alley is truly striking I just wish there was more of it or just more things to do. Once you've seen it all outside of the ride there is no reason to go back again.
Freaking awesome place to visit. A little hard to find at first but definitely way cool once you get in. There are lots of people here when I came though so be ready to feel cramped. But there are lots of stores here to grow and even a bank to exchange our muggle money. If your lucky you'll see some people doing some magic on the street with there wounds. Lots of fun to see what can be done. There was also a few singers out while I went by, very great job from them!!
Best amusement park experience ever. Actually felt like you were walking through the movie. It's worth staying in a park hotel to have the extra hour. And buying a wand adds a new level to the experience. There are spots all over both Harry Potter worlds where the wands perform spells. Make sure you find Knockturn Alley next to the Leaky Cauldron. This dark alley was never crowded, even when Diagon Alley was packed.
My favorite place in the whole world.  We have annual passes.
I am definitely part of the "Harry Potter" generation - the first books came out when I was about equal to Harry's age, and I could grow up at the same rate as him following his adventures. Yeah, I read the books first (at least three times each), and it's a shame that many only watch the movies! I recently spoke to some teenagers who had zero interest in Harry Potter books or movies because they were apparently for "older" people. I guess that's now me. They have no idea what they're missing! I have now been to Hogsmeade three times and Diagon Alley once. In my opinion, Diagon Alley is far superior to Hogsmeade with the exception of the Gringotts ride, which actually pales in comparison to Forbidden Journey. BUT, the streets of Diagon Alley are fantastic. So much to see and do... and so many more hidden magical moments than Hogsmeade could begin to offer. Make sure to check out Knockturn Alley in the back and the joke shop by the entrance. Oh, and I can't forget to mention... the streets are mostly shaded! I saw a lot of redheads/Weasleys, so maybe they did that for us. Obviously the best way to get in or out of Diagon Alley is to take the train. Although we had early admission, we still waited in line to enter the area and then again for Gringotts. No worries since apparently our wait was nothing compared to what it has been in the last few weeks. Even if the wait is horrific, you can't miss this place. It is a must-see for any Potter fan! Enjoy!
I feel in love with the Harry Potter books from the moment they came out, & when Hogsmeade opened at Islands of Adventures I loved every single bit of it. Diagon Alley opened at Universal Studios a few months ago but I've stayed away due to horror stories of 4 hours+ waiting queues. This past weekend I finally braved the crowds & visited Diagon Alley for the first time. It's remarkable! Every nook & cranny described in the books comes alive in this place, it truly takes your breath away! Make sure to visit Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour & try the butterbeer ice cream, that alone is worth the price of admission. And don't miss Knockturn Alley, tucked away behind shops with shops of its own & actors/locals for ambiance. Be ready to wait several hours to ride Escape from Gringotts too. The wait isn't as entertaining as the one at Forbidden Journey but once you make it into the bank it's worth the wait. This ride is a little on the short side but still very good. After you've explored Diagon Alley, hop on the Hogwarts Express & make your way to Hogsmeade (you need a two park pass for this). The ride is awesome, with dementors, your favorite characters & even those you love to hate. Beautiful ride! In all, a wonderful new addition to Universal Studios & a must visit for any Potter fan. Yes, the wait times are horrific but it's worth the wait. Don't miss it!
Ride the Hogwarts Express. Eat english fare at The Leaky Cauldron. Enjoy butterbeer ice cream in a waffle cone. Shop famous stores seen in the movie. Beware the firey breath of the dragon sitting on top of Gringotts Wizarding Bank which houses a 3D roller coaster. Use your wand around Diagon Alley and watch statues and window displays come to life. This is an emersion experience like none other I have seen in the world. Its exciting, its so wonderfully done, its brilliant! We will be back.
If you are a Harry Potter fan - this one is for you!  From the moment you sneak behind the bricks off of the street and enter the alley, you feel like you are in a different world.  Or at the very least, you feel like you are part of the cast of Harry Potter.  Diagon Alley looks just like you would expect a quirky street in London to look.  With, of course, some Harry Potter differences - like the huge dragon 'guarding' the bank from on top.  Every ten or 15 minutes, he breathes fire.  Tip 1 - the dragon growls just before the fire, so that's your clue to get ready to snap your photo. Gringott's Bank is the main ride here - and trust me, there are still quite a few glitches to work out.  Once it's fixed, it'll be super cool, but for now, get ready to wait.  When we were there, they had closed the single rider line, and we were told the regular wait would be 2 hours.  We didn't get on until about 3 hours and 15 minutes later.  Ugh! Plus - like a lot of park rides, you must check all of your stuff into lockers - so we didn't have any money to buy drinks while we were waiting.  Tip 2 - don't make that mistake!  Water fountains are few and far between - and the ones they had near the bank had no water pressure, plus all sorts of disgusting items in the basin. There are plenty of other stores here to occupy your time:  Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 BC (Tip 3 - very crowded, you are better off buying your wand(s) in Hogsmead), Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes (cool animation in front of the store), Borgin and Burkes (store in Knockturn Alley, selling skull tees & other dark arts items), Magical Menagerie (lots of stuffed animals), Quality Quidditch Supplies (lots of house tshirts, house items, etc.) and Scribbulus (stationary store).    Just a heads up - many of these stores seem to run out of Gryffindor supplies first - that's my house, so I was looking :-)  There are a few other stores, too, but those were my favorites. Plenty of food to be had, also - first I had frozen butterbeer off a vendor cart.  Then to the ice cream parlor, Florean Fortescue's Ice-Cream Parlour where I had a combo of chocolate chili (super spicy!) and salty caramel ice cream.  It was excellent.  Plus, we could eat outside and watch a puppet show on one of the stages in the alley.  Then we had our dinner at The Leaky Cauldron.  The cottage pie I had was okay, but I wouldn't eat it anywhere else but there. The alley gets crowded, and the stores are all much smaller than I expected and  very packed, so make sure to bring your patience.  Tip 4 - both Diagon Alley and Knocturn Alley have awesome interactive wand areas.  Have fun!
All I can say is Wow. Universal out did them selfs on this new addition to universal studios. And I am not a Die hard Harry Potter fan. This newest addition is located on the old Jaws site and between Kings Cross Station and fear factor live. There are two ways entering Diagion alley. Hogwarts Express if you are located in Island of Adventure. The train ride will transport you to the other park. But keep in mind in order to ride Hogwarts Express you will need a Park to Park ticket. If not you can upgrade your ticket at the booth near the ride. And last thru universal studios. Going thru universal studios can be tricky for some, since the entrance looks like a typical block in London.  and a triple decker  bus across from the entrance. But once you walk through the tunnel  it like you are in a different world. The staff do a really good job to be in character like the movie. They have eateries like Leaky Cauldron  with menu consisting britsh food fare  like bangers and mash , fish and chips and cottage pie to name a few. And of course butter beer( non alcoholic). Shops inside Diagion Alley Ollivanders- 50 dollars will get you a interactive wand and map known locations where it will work.( Not magic ).. Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes - my favorite. This will be the first store you will face upon entering Diagon Alley.Toy store. Borgin & Burkes- in the movie as a antique shop of dark magic, here is a costume shop Magical Menagerie - Its like Eeylops Owl Emporium- sells mechanical and stuff owls, stuff toads and rats and etc. Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions- cloths Wiseacres-Wizarding-Equipment-- more wands, crystal balls, Rides Hogwarts Express- A train ride between the two staions. Kings Cross station inside Diagion Alley Universal studios and Hogsmeade  station inside Island Of Adventure. Harry-Potter-And-The-Escape-From-Gringotts- 3D roller-coaster ride. On top of then entrance there is dragon that blows real fire every 15 mins. Over all Diagion Alley  is a must see for the die hard Harry Potter fans and children. It like you stepped in the movie.
THIS PLACE IS ALL MY DREAMS COME TRUE. Much bigger than the Hogsmeade park, the tradeoff is there's only one ride -- Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringotts. The Gringotts building itself is amazing, from the gigantic dragon at the top of the roof (which spits fire every 15 min or so), to the animatronic goblins and chandeliers while you wait in line. The ride itself is not quite as good as Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey ride in Hogsmeade. For reference, it is VERY similar to the Transformers 3D ride. If this is your first time at Universal for Harry Potter, ride this ride first, and then go to Hogsmeade. You'll enjoy both better that way. If you refuse to wait in a long line, the best solution is to stay at a Universal hotel so you get to enter the park an hour earlier than the public.  We got there at 8am and I think we waited maybe 15 min in line, and most of that was just oohing and ahhing over all the things to see while you're going through the line. I went back-to-school shopping because as everyone knows September 1st was #backtohogwarts day. I purchased : - Gryffindor Robe from Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. - Interactive wand at Ollivander's, and of course, went through all the spots in both Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade. - A new dragon friend from Magical Menagerie. New butterbeer mugs are offered in Diagon Alley, instead of a mug shape, it's more like a goblet with a handle. King's Cross station is amazing, make sure you ride it both ways, as the scene inside the train car changes. We also created a moving picture DVD at Shutterbuttons. It seemed to be the least popular storefront at Diagon Alley, and since there was no line or crowd we decided to check it out. It's actually free to try, so I would recommend at least doing that.  Basically they bring you into a room with a big green screen, hand you robes, and tell you what to do. You stand in front of a steampunk-looking camera and someone directs you to wave, smile, point, look happy/sad/angry, etc. Since you have no idea what the scene is, it feels pretty silly, but it was fun! Then, if you want to (I did not feel pressured), you can pay the hefty $70 price tag for the DVD.  It's supposed to simulate a moving picture type scrapbook, like in the movies -- if you purchase a digital picture frame, convert the DVD to a movie file, and loop the file, I suppose you would kinda get that effect. There is so much to explore in Diagon Alley, make sure you find all the little nooks and crannies. I hear there are some hidden easter eggs too for people to discover, which is always amusing.
Wait for the Dragon's breath! The Dragon really does breath fire. Fantastic. Universal finally got it right with Harry Potter. This place is huge! So much to do and see; one day is not enough. We had sooo much fun wandering around and gawking at everything. Nocturn Alley was a nice stop during the heat of the day......dark and cold. You absolutely must go see this latest addition to Universal studios.
Amazing! And I'm not even a fan, really. The Escape From Gringott's ride is spectacular. It's the best ride I've ever been on. Calling it  a ride doesn't do it justice.
ANOTHER CHILDHOOD DREAM FULFILLED Diagon Alley is... so... beautiful. Ugh, when the first Harry Potter movie came out, holy shit did they get it right -- the cast, the scenery, EVERYTHING. Once you walk into Diagon Alley, you are immersed in the Harry Potter magic! They have all the shops the books mentioned; some are just displays while others are actual stores you can buy stuff. You can get your outfits, wands, souvenirs, and food all at this new attraction. -- ATTIRE: My inner 10-year-old was jealous of the kids in robes and with wands... and super jealous of those who had the whole shebang going on (robe, sweater, tie, wand). If you're planning on buying any of that stuff for yourself and/or your kiddie companions, make sure to save up a bunch of $$$$$ before the trip. FYI, robes were ~$110, interactive wands ~$50, and the grey sweaters/cardigans ~$90. Jaw dropping. -- FOOD: Leaky Cauldron's food is nothing to write home about. It's got some of the same items as the Three Broomsticks. I prefer the Three Broomsticks, actually, because it accepts the "Universal Dining Plan - Quick Service" card (Leaky Cauldron does not). Everyone should try butter beer at least once in their lives, whether it is homemade or theme-park-made. The employees recommend it frozen (for $1 more); I've had it frozen and not frozen and was satisfied with both. *shrug* Up to you. If you stop by the ice cream store, go for the earl grey & lavender or the chocolate chili flavors. Delicious. There are really only two Harry Potter rides in this area: Escape from Gringotts and the Hogwarts Express that takes you to Hogsmeade in the other Universal Studios park. Gringotts seemed like an awesome ride with the estimated 90- to 150-minute wait times but it was just okay. I was disappointed that it involved 3D glasses and was shorter than I hoped. If the wait time is ~90 min, that's the time to go and check it out though. As for the Hogwarts Express, I definitely enjoyed waiting in line at King's Cross (to go to Hogsmeade) more than the reverse trip due to the train station's appearance and ride experience. Yay, Platform 9 3/4! NOTE: In general, before buying food at the Universal Studios parks, check out the Universal Dining Plan - Quick Service to see if it's worth it for you. Some restaurants and stands sell these dining plans for $20 that include one meal + drink, an additional drink, and one snack (the $5 butter beer or ice cream cone can be redeemed for that "snack") that don't have to be redeemed all at once. Link: universalorlando.com/Res…
The amount of details is simply stunning.  They have thought of absolutely everything.  Fans of HP - I can't imagine you will be disappointed.  It's wonderful.
We landed in Orlando, FL on Wednesday all set to be immersed knee deep into the world of Harry Potter, who my son and daughter happen to love. They were not disappointed at all. Be prepared to be blown away, and I mean that. The creators of this attraction completely nailed it. I can't believe how incredible this place was. All of the cornerstones to Diagon are here: The Weasley's Store, Gringotts Bank, Knockturn Alley(complete with Borgin & Burke's), Ollivander's wand shop, AND the cherry on top... The fire breathing, yes real fire, dragon from the bank! LOVE IT ALL!!!! And last but hardly least, the Hogwarts Express that takes you back and forth between Diagon and Hogsmeade. BRILLIANT!!!!!!  We'll go back next summer and that's not something that I readily commit to with "amusement" parks. So go, walk City Walk, visit Hogsmeade and Diagon complete with a Butterbeer and have a magical time!
