To me, Soarin never grows old. It's always a great experience. The other reviews pretty much cover the ride experience so here are a few tips. First, as others have said, don't even try and ride without a Fast Pass. A great idea would be to take advantage of the new Fast Pass Plus system with the Magic Bands. Don't worry, Magic Bands are coming for all resort guests. Take advantage of the MyDisneyExperience app and site. Schedule your FP ahead so you don't have to worry. Second, try not to get in the very back or front as exposure to the middle of the screen is the best way to experience the ride. It also helps because you will get to experience the smells a little better. The bad thing about the middle is you see dangling feet. But at least you don't see the top or bottom of the screen. All that said, don't stress too much. It is among Disney's best. but I definitely wouldn't wait much longer than a half hour to ride it.
In my opinion, this is the best ride at Epcot.  Basically, the ride makes you feel like you're soaring over California. My advice to you is to get a FastPass early.  During peak season, the queue could be a 240 minute wait without a FastPass.  Also, try to get a seat in the front row.  They're the best seats in the house because you won't see people's feet dangling above you when they raise you up.
Listen up suckas! Do you have dreams about flying and love the experience? Well stand in line and experience it on the REAL! The music, wind, and visual presentation is flawless. I wish I could do it over and over and... Word of advice. There is usually a long wait. So the moment you enter EPCOT, walk over and use your ticket to scan for a fast pass. It will give you a voucher for a future time so you can come back and scoot to the front of the line. The best ride Disney has to date!
This is the must see attraction at Epcot. Surreal, imaginative and unbelievable. Kids and adults alike will live this ride. A virtual experience that will take your breath away.
Don't really understand the hype for this ride. Sure, the visuals are gorgeous -- but you're basically just watching a movie while being locked into a seat that moves around to give you the sensation of gliding. You sit down in a chair and watch an HD video that tries to make you feel like you're actually gliding (or soarin) along with some simulated motion. If you end up being on the lower level of the seats, you see legs dangling above you and it can take you away from the whole experience. It's not worth waiting more than 10 minutes for, so make sure you get a fast pass if you want to see what all the buzz is about!
Don't believe the hype! We went at a low crowd time, headed straight for the ride at rope drop, and still waited 30-45 mins.  Not worth it!  Its a decent little ride, but I suggest if you are interested, get a FP or scheduled a FP+. Basically you are locked into a machine that gives you the sensation of being in a glider.  There are cool little bits, like smelling oranges as you "fly" over an orange grove.   My husband hated it, but he's been flying in helis in Afghanistan for the past 9 months, so it wasn't exciting at all for him.   I'd probably do it again, but only if I have a fast past, not worth a long wait.
Let's start here-GET A FAST PASS for this ride. This ride is cool, this ride is fun, and this ride will give your senses a tingle.  This is another ride that Disney just did right.  I'm not kidding- you're on a simulated hang glider flying over California (best seats on this ride are in the front row).  You can smell the pine trees and the oranges as you're flying. Very cool.  Not a ride you should miss here at Epcot. I think I may personally like Mission: Space better, but this is a close second.  The line gets LONG so again, use Fast Pass.
This ride makes much more sense in Disney's California Adventure, but it's popularity led to an East Coast incarnation.  Except for the fact that the route you take through California is discontinuous, it is one of the top rides at Epcot.  Get there early or use a Fast Pass.  Entry is poorly labeled, but go in to the Land Pavilion, bear left and go downstairs.  There is a long walk to and from the ride, but the experience is worth it.  The sites and smells of California are created in a very entertaining experience.
For those of you who have been to Disneyland California Adventure (Called Soarin Through California) It is the exact same thing! Now those of you who have not been to either location, its a fun ride in front of a screen. You will be seated and once securing your seatbelt you and the other passengers will be lifted a good distance from the ground and towards a big screen that uses your sense of sight to make you feel like you are flying. I love the ride and my girlfriend and I go on it every chance we get. The lines do get quite long so a fast pass may be required. Have fun Soarin!
I can't stress this enough. You MUST get a "fast pass" as soon as you get in the park. Many times they sell out around noon to early afternoon and then you will not get to experience this terrific ride. Even though I have been on this ride many times I never, ever get tired of it. Soarin' is just too good. The majesty of the landscapes as you glide over them. The smell of the pine trees in the forest, the ocean, and the orange groves thrills your aromatic senses. The majestic music playing as you soar over California is exhilarating. It's always fun to almost hit the top of the trees with your feet, and see that golf ball fly at you. If you have a fear of heights try to bury it to ride this. You are basically on a hydraulic lift and set into the middle of a large round screen that projects images of the west coast as you glide over them. Yes, you are only about 40 feet in the air but really feel like you are up in the clouds. It is so real feeling. Best bet is to get there right when the park opens, get your fast pass, and then get on the ride before the crowds make it a nightmare wait. This way you get to ride it twice! Again, a MUST ride when at EPCOT!
I can't believe I have yet to review Soarin because it's only my FAVORITE attraction at Epcot!! Disney plays music during the "flight" but I always pull up one of my favorite tunes on my IPod, put in my ear buds and let myself get lost in the experience of all that is Soarin! There are countless other reviews which explain the particulars of the attraction, so I won't bore you by explaining again.  Try to get in section B in row 1, if you can; this will give you the best vantage point (front and center).  If you request this, the Cast Members generally try to accommodate.   Yes, the line is insane, but do not miss this attraction!
Soarin' officially opened inside The Land pavilion on May 5, 2005. Its cast members wear costumes that resemble flight attendant costumes, whereas the Disney California Adventure version uses airfield crew costumes. The idea is that guests are taking flights to California, rather than already being there. This is further reinforced in the theming that you are loaded into "gates" and with airport-themed spiels which include that you are aboard "Flight 5505" which is a homage to the opening day of the attraction. The attraction, which lasts about four minutes and 40 seconds, takes 87 guests at a time on a simulated hang glider tour of California, flying over the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, Redwood Creek in Humboldt County, Napa Valley, Monterey, Lake Tahoe, Yosemite National Park (including Yosemite Falls and Half Dome), the PGA West golf course in La Quinta (credited in the queue video presentation as Palm Springs), Camarillo, Anza-Borrego Desert State Park, Fresno, San Diego, Malibu, Los Angeles, and Disneyland itself during the Christmas season. The last few scenes transition from daytime to dusk and then to night, culminating in Disneyland's Holiday fireworks surrounding the riders in the nighttime sky. In addition to the state's various landscapes, the ride also highlights its diverse recreation, including snow skiing, river rafting, kayaking, golf, horseback riding, hot air ballooning and of course, hang gliding. The U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds and aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis (CVN-74) at San Diego's Naval Air Station North Island are also featured. An original score by film composer Jerry Goldsmith accompanies the imagery, and appropriate scents (citrus, pine, sagebrush, ocean mist) fill the air as the ride vehicles themselves move gently to simulate the sensations of flight.
This is a great ride. Soarin always had a lengthy wait of nearly two hours each time we tried to check it out. Once the park closed and it was time for the extra magic hours, the wait dropped to 45 minutes and it actually took that long to get through the line. Once through we were seated in a long row of flight chairs and away we went. the chairs were raised and we sat, feet dangling, in front of a giant screen. The show does give the sensation of flight and yes, i did lift my feet so I didn't hit the trees. I highly recommend this ride. I do not think it is worth a two hour wait though. Note: Those with motion sickness or height issues should avoid this ride.
This attraction is identical to Soarin' Over California in Disney California Adventure.  Not sure why they drop the 'Over California' part in Orlando, yet have it IN California.  Seems silly to me.  Anyway, I LOVE this ride and the idea of this ride, so I was happy to hop on it once on my trip, even though I've ridden it countless times in California. The visual quality here wasn't quite as good.  You could see the lines of the panels that make up each screen much more clearly and there was also a lot of dirt on the screen, especially at the beginning.  However, the SMELLS here are so much more fragrant and long-lasting.  Yum! A must-ride, for sure.
As others have mentioned... get a FAST PASS pronto! This is always one of our first stops. We walk in Epcot and immediately get a Fast Pass for Soarin. It's an awesome ride! It's great for ALL ages, kids and seniors and everyone in between. The fast pass line took me less than 10 minutes to get through while the regular line was 2 hours.  Fast Pass is a no brainer. The ride is visual stunning, physically not demanding, and just fun. Hang gliding over beautiful scenery as you are gently swinging. A lot of people leave their shoes on the ground and feel like they are full on flying. Honestly, get a Fast Pass, ride Soarin and then get another Fast Pass.  This is the best ride at Epcot.
Once you're actually past all the hu-bub, this is an excellent attraction... once. However, it's almost impossible to ever just "walk right on".  You'll wait 45-120 minutes for walk on or you can get Fast Passes in the morning and quite possibly get on anywhere from noon to closing depending on the time of year. The waiting queue is an absolute nightmare for two adults and I can't even imagine what it's like with children.  Slow.... and I do mean SLOOOOOWWWWW. Once you're through the turnstiles, you think to yourself.... "almost there".  Sadly, you're wrong. You are then directed to either the left or right down to their two theater rooms where the show takes place.  You'll wait in a sterile hallway with chain divider on one side and a steel wall on the other.  No music.  No nothing.  Just people, crying babies, and frustrated toddlers all wanting to do something... anything! Then... all of sudden this line starts moving and you say to yourself *once again*, "almost there".  Again, you are sadly mistaken. You'll be put into one of three more queuing areas to await a preshow on a small flat screen featuring David "Puddy" from Seinfeld (Patrick Warburten).  Everyone laughs at his preshow because, quite frankly, they'll laugh at anything by now as they've lost 2 hours of their life and are trying desperately to keep their angry family from rebelling on them.... But again... I digress... The pre-show doesn't come on right away.  That's another problem.  You can sit in the pre-show area for up to 15 minutes waiting for it to come on....   FINALLY!!!  After the pre-show, you're allowed into the theater to view the show.  The show is really really good.  And it's worth all the horse-pucky to see it... ONCE. Do not even attempt to view attraction unless you're at the ROPE DROP and go immediately to Soarin' or use fast passes.  Do not wait in the stand by line. If you have impatient children, I would avoid this attraction altogether.
I love this ride!!! It is a bit of a thrill but not nearly as bad as they make it seem on their posters...claiming there will be dramatic drops and turning and twisting. it's basically a big screen and all you do is go up. If you are scared of heights just close your eyes! this is definitely worth riding!!! it is one of the best rides!!!!
Exactly the same as the attraction at Disney California Adventure, and regardless of which you find yourself on I'm sure you will enjoy it. A hang glider simulated ride that takes you through many of the breath taking parts of California incorporating not only sights but sounds and smells. Made me miss home while on Vacation! One of the few things worth doing at Epcot in my opinion.
I've been on Soarin' a million billion times but I think the best time was when I took my 65 year old mother on it for the first time. She's scared of heights so was worried about that aspect, but I knew she would be absolutely taken with the smells, the experience of flying over all these amazing places and she totally was. The first time someone rides Soarin' it's just so fun to see their reaction to it! The technology behind this ride is just awesome and I'm so glad they brought it to Disney World from Disneyland! They originally brought it over in 2005 when they brought attractions from various parks and I'm so glad it stayed and has become a staple of Epcot! I don't want to spoil the ride for you, but my personal favorite part is flying over Napa!!! Ahhhh, the grape smell! I love it! I'll never wait in the crazy line for this ride even with the super cool queue! Grab a fast pass! Your family will thank you!
Others have given very good descriptions of what you will see on this attraction. I enjoyed Soarin' very much. Didn't feel motion sickness at all but definitely had a few moments of wow! BUT! Disney needs to update the quality of the film ASAP. Our film was showing it's age badly and took away from the experience. It's hard to lose yourself in the scenery (which is breathtaking) when you see lines all over the film. Still, worth experiencing, just make sure you get a FastPass early, they tend to run out early!
Loving Cali and loving the feeling of soaring in a hang glider make me give this 4 star ride, 5 stars. It really is a great ride, but I do believe it could be improved by making the room darker, and eliminating the seams on the screens. The line is pretty insane, so Fastpass is a must, but then again, you absolutely have to have a Fastpass for Test Track too, and how many Fast Passes can you really get? This is one of the lines that remind me that I really need to come to the parks during the slow season and midweek. Not that it's THAT MUCH BETTER, but at least a little bit.
Another 5-star attraction! This amazing attraction was presented to Epcot in 2005 during as a special gift from the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, CA as part of their 50th birthday celebration (Fun fact: the attraction opened in Epcot's Land Pavilion on May 5, 2005, which is why the Cast Members announce the flight departing as Flight 5505) Anyway, back to the ride :) It's a unique experience -  three huge hydraulic lifts hoist guests in the air more than 40 feet into a large, IMAX-like screen that projects majestic vistas from all across the state of California, with a gorgeous score developed just for the attraction. Without giving too much away, just take my word for it: it's awesome! Be sure to grab a fast pass early, or, if you have seen the nighttime spectacular (Illuminations: Reflections of Earth) before, grab a last ride on Soarin right before 9 PM - the line is really short :)
Our whole family loved this ride - but get a FAST PASS as it is not worth more than a 25 minute wait.  You basically sit in seats on a hydraulic lift and when the seats rise up, you feel as though you are flying over gorgeous scenery. We kinda thought the pine scent (when you are"flying" through  the snowy-mountains) was a little much. The scenes over Napa (Sonoma?) and the Baloon fest are great. The film will need to be re-shot soon.  It's getting old.
I would have given this 5 stars except for the wait.  Even with a fastpass it was still almost 40 minutes in line.   There was a minimum height requirement of 40 inches.  Our 5 year old was tall enough to go, but the 4 year old was too short. (Both are on the short side for their age). Despite the wait, once you make it on to the ride, it definitely lives up to the hype.  You sit suspended while you watch a movie designed to make you feel like you are flying over various locations in California.  The footage is beautiful and often breathtaking.  There is a little motion of your seat and this combined with the visuals really makes you feel like you are flying.  They even have warnings for people who are prone to motion sickness!   Overall, a really great ride.  And not scary - my sensitive 5 year old loved it.
Wake up and smell the oranges!!! (You really can smell the oranges!!!) Soarin' gets 4 stars for crushing my expectations and "imagineering" something lame sounding into an amazing dream! I wonder if they have a Soarin' over Florida ride in California?!? Probably not. But anyways, my Grandma really really wanted to ride this. I thought it sounded kind of lame, plus there was a huge line. My Grandma insisted and she had been letting me stay at her resort condo for free for the past couple days (gotta keep Grandma happy!) So I reluctantly agreed on the condition that we got the Fast Passes. It was lunch time and the Fast Passes would have us come back in the evening. They were not sure if they wanted to walk back, but I persuasively explained it was on the way back to the entrance. All agreed and I finished my lunch extra quick, grabbed everyone tickets and picked up Fast Passes. Later that evening we came back. We got to zoom right up to the front of the line. So nice! Then they took us into a room with a huge screen. There were chairs dangling from a big bar almost like an inverted roller coaster. There was a convenient basket below the seats that fit our left overs from dinner. If your shoes are loose, you might want to take them off. There is not too much movement, but if your shoes fall when you are lifted up high, it may not be easy to find them. The ride consists to simulating a hang glider going over California. I would suggest getting in the front row if you can, because then you will not see peoples' feet dangling in the upper part of your visions. The suspended chairs gently curve around the turns. Disney did a very very good job with the effects on this motion simulator. When you fly over the orange groves, well yeah, you can really smell the oranges. This ride was great fun and really surpassed all my expectations. I highly suggest you go for a glide on Soarin'
Great ride, you really do feel like you are Soarin' over California. Waits are super long, so get your fast pass. Seems shortened than the last time I rode it many years ago. I couldn't help but think though what the ride experience would really be like in HD. Wouldn't that be something.
"I can't stress this enough. You MUST get a "fast pass" as soon as you get in the park. Many times they sell out around noon to early afternoon and then you will not get to experience this terrific ride. Even though I have been on this ride many times I never, ever get tired of it. Soarin' is just too good. The majesty of the landscapes as you glide over them. The smell of the pine trees in the forest, the ocean, and the orange groves thrills your aromatic senses. The majestic music playing as you soar over California is exhilarating. It's always fun to almost hit the top of the trees with your feet, and see that golf ball fly at you. If you have a fear of heights try to bury it to ride this. You are basically on a hydraulic lift and set into the middle of a large round screen that projects images of the west coast as you glide over them. Yes, you are only about 40 feet in the air but really feel like you are up in the clouds. It is so real feeling. Best bet is to get there right when the park opens, get your fast pass, and then get on the ride before the crowds make it a nightmare wait. This way you get to ride it twice! Again, a MUST ride when at EPCOT!" ^ What he said  ^
Great attraction. Great for all ages. My grandparents at 80+ years young even enjoyed it. Recommend for all. You should probably do this activity first or fast pass it. Don't miss this
Love this ride, but always with a fast pass. Otherwise the line can get pretty long. I found the wait goes by ok until you get to the front and then have to do the pre ride movie thingy, that's just plain boring. The ride itself though is awesome! I love the feel of flying over the river in the mountains and smelling the orange blossoms too. This is one on my favorite rides at Epcot and should never be missed!
AWESOME!!!! There is no other word to describe this ride. You are in seats that have bars that come down over your shoulders and then it lifts you off the floor and stacks you all vertically. The IMAX size screen starts playing this movie that flies you all over California from Napa Valley to the Ocean to San Fran to the red wood forest. The seats move back and forth and tilt and give you the sensation of flying. We were sticking our arms and feet out and it really felt like I was flying. I still can't get over how real it felt. I recommend this ride for anyone. However if you get motion sickness you may want to pass.
This is the one ride in EPCOT that i make sure to bring visiting friends to, and the first thing I get Fastpasses for when I step into the park. It's still my favorite ride in this park despite having been on it numerous times. I love the smell of pine. I love seeing the snowboarder fall. I love the golf ball flying right at you. I love the feeling of being up high and flying. It's not an exhilarating roller coaster, or an intense simulation ride, but rather an enjoyable, relaxing, yet adventurous experience. The only bad part of this ride is the wait. Even with a Fastpass, the wait can still be up to 30 minutes. Without a Fastpass, it can be more than 2 hours. Luckily for those in the standby line, there are games that you can play while you wait. And from what I hear, they're actually pretty fun. One of these days, I might actually go in the standby line just so I can experience the games. I honestly don't think that this ride should be a concern for those afraid of heights, unless you're afraid of flying. Also, if you get motion sickness, just close your eyes and breathe deeply. I'm making all these excuses because I think that everyone should ride on Soarin' at least once. If not, it'll be a wasted trip to EPCOT.
This is my favorite attraction in all of WDW. I won't explain the attraction like the other reviews because you really need to experience it for yourself. I might be a bit biased because I'm from California but this ride gives me that puppy dog and rainbows feeling everytime I experience it. The music is just beautiful and fits the grandeur of the film, which represents California in a beautiful way. Be sure to grab a fastpass because the standby line is atrocious. If I could give a separate rating on the queue it would probably get 1 star.
Having rode the Disneyland one previously, they made the right choice by keeping this around..not much to it but enjoyable.
AS SOON AS THE PARK OPENS.....GO RIGHT TO THE FAST PASS. I know this has been said numerous times on here. But dear tourists, take it from the Orlando folks.  GET A FAST PASS. Otherwise, your wait time will be at least 1hour and that is the very least. The ride is beautiful and stunning. But I wish they would have updated it, to be Walt Disney World at the end, instead of Disneyland. Sit in the front, to really get the full effect.
A fun ride - something different, which is hard to do when you're as big as Disney, and have done almost everything. It is an immersive ride, and at times you do feel like you're hang gliding over California. I can't say it's worth the wait that it usually has though - 3 hours to sit in a chair over a movie screen? I can't even. Get a FastPass, or skip it.
Epcot is our favorite park, and Soarin is one of our favorite things to do at Epcot (besides drinking around the world) Get there early and get a fast pass and then go ride something with a shorter wait time, then go back during your fast pass time to ride Soarin so you can just walk right on. This ride is incredible and Im glad they brought it over to Epcot.
Not as bad as Europe in the Air (Busch Gardens, Virginia); however the ride didn't impress me at all.  The lines of the individual panels making up the screen are easily visible.  Some scenes were severely distorted as if viewing through a fish-eye lens.  There was no transition between scenes.  If you looked up or to your left and right, you can see the ceiling or walls of the building.  I didn't get the feeling that I was flying. After waiting in the queue for an hour and a half, I was upset, tired, and very angry.  The stupid video games on the wall were garbage and did nothing to lessen the torturous wait in line. Just a huge let-down overall.
Not my top ride at epcot but it is fun if you have a fast pass. My wife and kids love it . My only thing about the ride is that it looks like the film is messed up in some places . Other then that it is a fun ride way to short it could be longer.
Cool hang gliding simulator that, while fun, somehow manages to be not quite worth the absurd wait times you see. Fastpass it, or forget it. The ride takes you on a zippy aerial tour of California, and I did get a bit lost in it. I just wish it lasted longer, which I know, I know, isn't at all feasible given the already-ridiculous wait times. Yet maybe if Disney skipped some of the overbearing, unnecessary "safety" histrionics (because let's face it, you'd have to be a real knuckledragging idiot to get hurt on this ride), there'd be time for some more substance.
Desperately needs an upgrade. It's clear they used a low res film for this, complete with "film grain" and black specks, which really detracted from the experience. The ride itself is nice, but it really needs an upgrade to 4k...or at least HD. Felt like I was looking at a 1980s national geographic special.
Outstanding!  Even if you have to wait in line, it is well worth it.  Not only do you get the sensation of flying but you can also smell the beautiful scenery. The wait in line was made easier by interactive video games projected on the walls - another nice Disney touch.
Total Snore fest IMO. This ride is just to over hyped. Most of the scenes you can experience in real life so Even though I get the whole Soarin over Oceans, Mountains, and Beautiful landscapes thing, I just don't understand why people go on and on about this ride. This ride needs some action! Star Wars Death Star trench battle comes to mind. lol
The same exact ride as the ride over at California Adventure. The wait was about an hour, but there's AC and activities to engage yourself in to kill time! You'll be lucky if you get to sit on the first row. That's probably one of the best seats on the ride because you don't have to see other people's feet above you. I don't recommend coming here at the end of the night. I thought that the screen panels were dirty, but I think there was a malfunction, so the ride wasn't as good as it was earlier during the day..
We managed to get a Fastpass for this ride and hence, the wait wasn't too long.  I had no expectations on what the ride was about before going in and the blue letter logo didn't exactly inspire awe.  However, once the ride started and our chairs were lifted to the parabolic screen, I thoroughly enjoyed the the film.  Some parts of it actually gave me chills.
This is a really great ride that everyone in our family enjoyed.  The line, however, is ridiculously long.  The first time we rode it, we were told that the wait was 45 minutes; however, it ended up being 70, which is quite a bit with little kids.  At one point, our kids wanted to go back and the line was 2+ hours with the Fast Pass return being four hours later.
This is one of my favorites at Epcot. You feel like you are soaring through the areas. this is a definitely a ride you need to fast pass. Also make sure you don't leave Epcot without riding Soarin.
Been here many times and continue to enjoy it.  Don't bother waiting in line unless the wait is under 20min.  Get Fast Pass as soon as you arrive at the park. Film is starting to show some wear and tear and probably needs an update. This is a must see and do for Epcot.
It makes you feel like you are flying over California, they even got the smells of oranges, grapes and the beach!
Soarin is a Hang Glider simulation at Disney World (Orlando,FL) and at Disney's California Adventures (Anaheim,CA). I believe there is also one at Disney in Paris. I'm afraid of heights for the most part and have a bad ticker, so I was very cautious about going on this ride. We spoke to a couple who road it before and they said there was nothing really scary about it and it's pretty relaxing. So I took a chance and loved it. First thing first. Grab FASTPASS for all the major rides you want to ride as soon as you get to the park. We missed out on the passes and had to wait 90 mins to ride this. Soarin starts out like an airport terminal. You get in a long line (just like a real airport) and follow it as it winds through the terminal. Eventually you get to the front and just before the doors open to get on the ride, you get to watch the Pre-Flight Instructor (Patrick Warburton from "Rules of Engagement) talk to you about safety and storing your items. Once that's done, the doors open and you see rows of seats. The best place is up front or the 2nd row from the front, as I believe they are at the highest point when the seats are raised above the ground. Once everyone is seats and buckled in, the lights go out and you are raised in front of a HUGE screen. Similar to an IMAX screen. The music starts to play and a video of you flying over San Francisco comes on. You will literally feel the breeze blowing in your face. When the glider dives down to go over the Golden Gate Bridge, you will feel the glider accelerate forward and down (similar to Star Tours and Star Trek Experience rides). The effect is just amazing. Your feet will be dangling high above the floor. The journey will take you to Yosemite National Park, Napa Valley, Lake Tahoe, Palm Springs, San Diego harbor, Malibu at dusk and the frenetic lights of downtown Los Angeles and then back to Disney World. In one location you will go over orange tree and will smell oranges. It's incredible. The whole ride is about 7 mins long.  It's fairly short considering how long you had to wait in line. Definitely get a FASTPASS as this is a very popular ride. The simulation effect is beautiful though, so if you've never gone on this before, you must give it a try. I give it 4 stars for the amazing effect and beautiful scenery. It would get a 5 star if the line wasn't so long and more FASTPASS' were available later in the day. You will SOAR!!
My family were there mid-August. Its the first attraction we went to after we had our breakfast at the Sunshine season at The Land pavilion. Waiting time were already 60 minutes. We did try to get a Fastpass but the time given were late in the evening. Anyway, we wait the wait and boy it is really worth it... Everyone has a wonderful time including my 7 year old daughter which were not really into any of the rides after she got a scare from another theme park. It was one of Disney most creative and innovative ride. You were virtually lifted up from the ground and yes, soaring through the sky looking down at various landscape and weather alike with breeze blowing to your face. It is indeed the MUST GO TO ride when you are in Epcot.
Great ride. Nice chance to relax and get out of the heat for a bit. Definitely a popular one, so highly recommend the Fast Pass route. Or do it first thing when the park opens. I love that regardless of the coast, you can get a similar experience at Disney Anaheim and Disney Orlando. And I do appreciate it except when it comes to this ride. I understand California may have more interesting landscape to 'fly' over, but would it be that hard to edit just the ending to end in Lake Buena Vista? It's not like it's one continuous shot anyways. Rant over.
Exactly like Soarin over California in CA Disneyland. Fast Pass Needed or 1st/Last Ride of the Day to avoid the Rush. You are strapped in to view   You fly over the SF Bridge with the wind blowing. You fly over the people fishing, the smell of the oranges. Fun Ride.
Soarin' is a really fun attraction that does a great job of making you feel like you're flying.  For the love of all that is good and holy in this world get a fastpass for this attraction!  I have never seen the wait times for Soarin' be anything less than atrocious.  "Hey we're near The Land.  Let's see if the wait time for Soarin' is bad."  Wait time over an hour.  "Hey the park is closing soon.  I bet the wait for Soarin' isn't bad."  Wait time over an hour.  "Hey we're in the middle of a zombie apocalypse and I bet we're one of the last groups of humans left." Wait time over an hour.   The problem is that unlike other attractions, such as Test Track, that can pretty much continuously load guests onto ride vehicles, with Soarin' you have to wait until a group finishes the entire ride cycle before another group can go next.  When you finally make it inside the ride area take a moment to look up at the ride equipment that will be lifting you up.  It's massive and really interesting to look at.  When the ride begins you're lifted off the ground and a movie begins on a huge, Imax-style screen in front of you.  If you lean forward and look down you'll see you're actually pretty high off the ground.  Even if you're afraid of heights I would still say you could ride this.  You don't really notice it if you just lean back and concentrate on the movie.  It really feels like you're banking and turning through the skies.  We always find ourselves "oohing" and "aahing" as we "fly" over many varied different locations.  One thing that I find really impressive is that the ride also incorporates smells.  For example, when you're soaring over an orange grove you smell oranges. The one complaint I have (besides the lines) is that your immersion in the experience really depends on what row you're seated in.  If you're stuck in the back rows then you'll see the feet from the rows in front of you dangling above you.  I find it distracting.  Even so, it's a really fun attraction that I don't get to ride as much as I would like to because of the wait.
This is one of the few rides at Epcot and one you want to Fastpass as the standby line gets long. The premise of the this ride is you are hang gliding over California including the SF bay, orange groves (with orange scents), Palm Springs and more finally ending up flying over Disneyland during a fireworks show.
This is a fun ride for everyone in your family. There are plenty of booze and awes in places that make your stomach skip a beat. Don't miss this ride while at Epcot. Also take advantage of the chance to get out of the heat and stand in this line which tends to be long.
Our family's favorite ride at Epcot Center. It's a hang gliding ride, and it feels real, though it would be much better if they upgraded the film to HD quality. The screen is such a distraction when I'm accustomed to much better picture quality in my home and in movie theaters. My 6 year old declared this the best ride ever.
Best ride in Disney!  It's worth the 60-90 minute waits.  It's a B12 shot if happiness.  Puddy doing flight instructions is the best.
Interesting that this is basically the same as the Soarin over California Ride at California Adventure with a couple edits.  What is crazier is that the wait starts at an hour long and goes even longer.  It continually has the longest wait averages at Epcot. I guess it is the largely international crowd at Epcot that wants to see this ride
Soarin is a great ride, but it is not for those who get motion sickness.   Once you give in to the idea that you are actually flying, it can seem quite real.  There were a couple times I had to look down and to my right to make sure my brain knew I was still inside a building and safe! If you've never ridden Soarin, you are missing out.   Please be sure to add this to your Fast Pass + selections or get a Fast Pass for Soarin when you first enter EPCOT.  This Fast Pass does sell out very quickly.
Make sure you stick your flip flops in the pocket beneath you, because you will be swinging your feet! This is such a fun ride.  It really makes me want to visit California.  You basically soar around different places in Cali, like Napa Valley, San Fran, etc. by watching a video as you are swung around on a 10 person "swing".  You will want to get a FAST Pass for this, because the wait can be long.  (Honestly if it was at a different park, it probably wouldn't have that long a wait time, but since there aren't many rides at Epcot, it gets busy!) I get motion sickness pretty easily, but I just take dramamine at the beginning of the day and this did not bother me at all!
Fly through the sky! Feel the breeze! Smell the surroundings! This Disney attraction is creative & I haven't been on anything quite like it anywhere from this roller coaster junkie! You sit in three rows of seven people across.  The front row goes to the very top, then the middle below them, then back row to the bottom. The staff say the row doesn't matter because everyone is in the front row. I disagree on another measure: height of your row in the illusion of the sky. I rode twice, bottom then top. I never did the middle. First time I just lined up where I was told. Second time I waited for the front desiring to fly at a higher elevation on the screen. The entire flight is amazing. Really your row of seats is elevated and you are just moving around on the seats in place. However the movements and seating I explained as a matter of "opinion" that I do feel there was a mild difference between vertical row elevations. Also, I feel I am flying more without seeing feet above me, but plenty of distance between rows, its Disney, so sub-optimal is not possible!  However, I am the girl that has to ride every roller coaster front row first time. I have to see and have wind in my face. Speaking of wind, just as the Disney shows, this ATTRACTION/RIDE (not show) also uses all the 5 senses Disney has mastered (well perhaps 4 since I don't recall tasting anything).  While Soaring over beautiful scenery, you can smell the surroundings, you can feel the breeze, you can enjoy the smooth flight (Like I said, you really are in place and your rows of seats are moving), the video you see is soaring through the sky from a POV perspective gives you an amazing HD like you are there experience of flying smoothly on a glider. This ride is smooth, safe, and comfortable for people of all ages (plus whatever mild warnings, if any, Disney has posted.) I can see a very young child to an elderly adult safely, smoothly enjoying this attraction. A tip of advice that could make you someone who wouldn't enjoy this:  Because all three rows of seats rise vertically with each other, and you are soaring in the sky over beautiful scenery, do NOT ride if you are afraid of heights. I love it, but I ride & slide wherever I can try. We all have fears. If yours is heights, this isn't like a roller coaster where you go up and then down. You will be sitting in your ELEVATED seat row viewing an amazing video from a remarkable SKY point-of-view. I tip this, unlike others, thinking ahead with love to readers. Ex: You can tell me of the best haunted house in the world & to me the better the frights to you, the worse the experience for me. This ride is "heights" on two measures. Your seat, AND your point-of-view moving video. Lastly, perhaps motion sickness could be a heads up from watching a moving screen I know some people don't do well with that. However, Soarin' is so smooth I can't imagine, & have never personally heard of anyone vomiting or nauseous from this amazing flight. I just can see heights and motion making this amazement to all, a nightmare to a minority who has an intense fear of heights. If not afraid of heights, DO NOT MISS THIS AT EPCOT! It's an adventure from the sky, SOARIN' around on moving seat like you are gliding in the air. You feel the breeze and smell the land/surroundings of nature itself. It's amazing! Go fly away now and I'll see you when you return with an ear-to-ear smile! Enjoy!
I love this ride! Definitely get FP for them. You can check this forum out mickeysforum.com for more Disney related discussions. FP tends to be gone quickly so be sure to quickly snatch them when you are BOOKING your Disney trip. I love the scent and the view of it. Never gets old. Just love the way it feels.
Agree with some others that this is a HIGHLY overrated ride. I knew it was a simulated ride over California, but I somehow expected much more, since they made such a big deal in the beginning about securing flip-flops and belongings. The scenery is stunning, but the dangling feet above me and my proximity to the edge of the screen detracted from the full experience. Do NOT wait in line for more than 45 minutes for this ride. It's not worth it. Your best bet is to be one of the first in line to enter the park, skip to Soarin and secure a fast pass. Then while waiting for your fast pass time, go ride Test Track. Two of the biggest rides - boom! done! I did enjoy the smell of cedar and orange on this ride. But overall, I was so disppointed.
