Again, this location is primo at sliding me into the schedule last minute.  REALLY appreciative and another great massage/facial.  Kudos to the new hire, Katie, who was so informative about my facial.  I actually bought product this time because I really understood how it could help.  Will request her in the future.
Monday night after a long day I called and booked an appointment. It was 6:00 pm and lucky me, they had an opening for 7:30 pm. It was perfect. After getting off the phone I smiled, took a deep breath, and prepared myself to go. I was excited. It had been around three months since my last massage. My muscles were ready. ---- A special note to...Allison. :-) Thank you for entertaining me while I waited in the waiting room. The conversation we had made me feel welcomed, at ease, and prepared me for my evening of bliss. I just want you to know that it is because of you I purchased a membership and I'm looking forward to seeing you again. ---- (Side note: Allison was not my masseuse, she is the receptionist for this location.) After Allison brought me my glass of white wine (Barefoot Pinot Grigio), a clip board (with a form to fill out), and information on becoming a member, she captured my attention with her warmth and wealth of information regarding Florida, the beaches, and becoming a member. We made a connection and that's what most people miss when they are in the business of serving others. It's not about what you can sell me, or how good your products are, it's about connection. She made herself available to connect. She gets it, and that left an impression on me.   The atmosphere was relaxing, soothing, calm, and peaceful. Exactly what a spa should feel like. The energy was inviting and warm in the front waiting area. If this is what I got on the outside (I thought), I could only imagine what was to come on the inside. My masseur, Marquis, was gentle. His demeanor was gentle. His application was firm, aware, precise. He knew exactly what he was doing. My body felt very relaxed, comforted, loosened, and for a brief moment, I was lulled to sleep. My expectation was met. When I get up from a massage table I expect to feel like I'm gliding on air. I expect to feel different (in a pleasant way) from when I first came in. I expect to feel pampered and handled with care. I got it all and was satisfied. What I didn't care for was the hot towel he applied on my back after massaging my back. It was nice and felt good immediately however, it got colder as he massaged my legs and feet and felt, eh, counteractive. The music could have been a bit quieter, maybe a volume level or two lower. As I was floating off into a state of rest all I heard was the loud rhythms coming from the speaker in the ceiling.   The prices are comparable for these types of services but membership prices are amazingly cheaper and affordable. If self-care is important to you, in this manner, I would recommend inquiring about their membership and if you join remember to mention you heard it from me. :-)
I went ahead and purchased the monthly membership for this location and although I haven't been blown away by the massages so far, I decided to try a spa treatment by booking a facial and an eyebrow wax. I had a great pumpkin clarity facial by Tara and I was really surprised with how fresh my face felt. I could really feel and see the difference in my skin - the days following, I felt radiant and I really feel like it cleared up some of my problem areas! I was also really pleased with how she groomed my eyebrows. The waxing was painless and didn't leave me with a ton of redness or irritation. I highly recommend her for facials and skincare. I think the only thing that doesn't make this place perfect is that I find it to be one of the nosiest spas I've been to. I've been in 3 rooms so far and I always tend to hear drawers slamming shut or the thuds of something dropping on the ground. And I wish they'd ditch the ticking clocks in the rooms already. Some people may find those relaxing but for me there's nothing like the sound of passing time to pull you away from a relaxing atmosphere - it's like a countdown to the end of my treatment.
The staff goes above and beyond here! I booked a massage and facial for my best friend and I on her birthday and they got us right away! Mimosas certainly a plus!
Nice massage, very relaxing Would recommend this place.  I have the monthly membership & think it's a good deal.  Staff & massage therapist are very friendly & knowledgeable
Love the service here. the rates are great for members. the best part of every months is remembering you have a massage waiting for you. Ask for Crystal she's awesome. i have severe back injuries and she does wonders for my back.
My husband got me a monthly membership as a gift to keep me happy during my pregnancy; I've had several people do my prenatal massage & they were all great...but Atesha is hands down my favorite. She is wonderful & even remembers me each time I go in so I dont have to go over my "problem areas" each time...she just knows. She is very professional & ALWAYS on time if not early to get my massage started...love her & she is the only one I book my appointments with now.
Finally! So excited to have a Hand & Stone near downtown Orlando. Hand & Stone is an excellent franchise. The spa menu and price points are in line with Massage Envy, but it feels MUCH more relaxing and upscale, in my opinion. Hand & Stone is a convenient spa escape. I've been a Member at the Hand & Stone in Lake Mary for 2 years, but have been going to the Winter Park location for a while since it's it's closer to where I live. And now, I'm switching to this new location... it's AWESOME. This Hand & Stone is MUCH larger than the others in Central Florida. Unlike the other locations, it has a couples' treatment room AND a quiet room, where you can enjoy wine, chocolate and fruit after your treatment. The owners were really friendly and attentive. And I had a sports massage from Saulo. He's amazing. Ask for him if you need a firm pressure massage. Overall, very impressed with this new facility. I give it 5 stars because my first experience was flawless and the value was excellent. A great addition to the SoDo area!
I have never been a loyalist when it comes to facials or massages but ever since visiting Tara for my facials, I signed up for the monthly membership plan.  EVERY single employee is incredibly sweet and professional and they take your relaxation very seriously.  Tara does my facials and she  is perfection.  She's extremely conscious of your comfort and skin health. They've made me a customer for life.
Excellent experience with great attention to detail. Very punctual, professional and great ambiance. Staff was all about customer Service and catering to you needs.
Clean, calm and a wonderful massage! The ladies at the first desk were very polite and accommodating. My fiancé and I were here for a one hour massage and I thought this place offered a great deal ($49.95 for and introductory 1 hr massage). My massage therapist was very accommodating as well, making sure I was comfortable at all times and made sure the pressure was just right. He had a soothing voice and didn't talk too much, just to check on my level of comfort, which I appreciate. I also enjoyed their relaxation room, where you can have a mimosa, or glass of wine and a light snack (cheese and chocolates). Hubby enjoyed his massage as well and we would definitely come back the next time we're in Orlando!
AMAZING!!! I was on vacation in Orlando and wanted to go to a spa for a massage. So I called and they had availability, and went in for a 90 min massage and tried the hot towel foot therapy massage and it was HEAVEN. My therapist's name was Crystal and she is by far the best massage therapist i have had, and i am a bit of a massage snob as i go quite often. i wish they were int he northern VA or even DC area!! if you are in orlando, definitely check this place out. absolutely great service and they even have a relaxation room for you to go to before and after your services filled with food, champagne, juice, etc.
Great massage. I shave my head and getting a scalp massage was a welcome surprise. They kept us waiting longer than I would've liked and ate into some of our time. That's my only real complaint.
I was in the Orlando area visiting family for the weekend and decided to get a massage... Little did I know I would find a little piece of heaven! My massage therapist Crystal was very professional and made me feel very comfortable. I went in very tense and came out feeling like a million bucks!  Highly recommended
Holli is absolutely amazing at deep tissue.  AHHH had the hour and a half and the add on for the foot scrub/hot towel.  It was awesome!!!
This place is great. The introductory offer is an awesome price to pay for a one hour massage. The facility is very clean, relaxing and inviting. I had Barbie today, and she provided a great therapeutic style massage, working well on my problem areas and giving me tips on posture and how to relieve muscle tension at home. We chatted for a bit, but she also gave me quiet time to relax- A perfect mix for me since I don't like to be silent the whole time. I signed up for a membership and will be back soon!
I came on for a couple's massage with my fiance and the massages weren't bad. It started about 5 minutes late which was frustrating but  we got in the room the therapists were nice and the massages where good but they felt a little rushed.
