OMG I have been here multiple times because they are soooooooo good! I've come by myself, and I've done a couple massage twice with a friend and he loved it just as much as I do! I love everything about this place, the coziness, the friendliness, the nonstop drinks the ambiance, and most of all ARTURO!!!! This man has hands of expertise! ..... I love the others too, but Arturo is my favorite! You know a massage is good when you just want to stay there on the table and SLEEP! There has been times I left and sat in my car and rested some more because I was in such a relaxed state of mind, I did not want to drive in to traffic immediately and ruin my mental peaceful paradise. I just put my car seat down closed my eyes and chilled in silence before I drove away. They are THAT good! I found them thru Groupon and I will always come back! (coupon or not!)
I discovered this little gem through a Living Social deal, and I am so pleased that I did! My facial this morning was so relaxing and the spa offers so much more. I am very excited about their emphasis on wholistic medicine and treating the whole body. I will definitely be back again soon!
Had a reservation for a 1-hr Couples Massage at 12:30pm. Arrived 30 minutes early and they served us water and/or hot tea. That was nice. Our therapists were great... we were enjoying so much that the hour massage felt like 15 minutes it passed by too quick. My only *COMPLAINT* is to heat up the rooms. With the most recent Arctic weather, the room was freezing during the full hour massage. My therapist put an extra blanket on me but I kept my high socks on and I was still freezing. It's hard to relax when you're cold. It was actually warmer outside than it was in the room where we got a massage. The therapists did apologize how cold it was at the very beginning of the session. They said the house was quite old but they did have the heater blasting. We didn't feel the heat. Easy fix.... bring in some room heaters to make your customers comfortable.
Zen is not just in the decor and ambiance here. You feel it walking in, and you definitely feel it, floating out. I was fortunate enough to have a session with, Owner / Acupuncturist / Therapist, Arturo and it was out of this world!! I consider myself a massage connoisseur, but to call the therapy that Arturo offers merely a massage would be fugitive! I've never heard of Tui Na, but am so freakin happy that I was introduced to this style of physical therapy.  Arturo kneads, rubs, rolls, presses, stretches and ultimately releases all tension and stress from your physical being in the most seamless and controlled manner. His hands literally dance across the body with a rhythmic flow and perfectly varying pressure. He also did fire cupping on my back. It felt like warm suction cups gliding strategically up and down my back, pulling out all of the tension and toxins in my tight muscles. As forewarned, the fire cups left light "hicky streak-marks" that disappeared in a day. No biggie at all compared to the amount of relief that I'd benefited from it. Arturo is a true healer and has an amazing staff that exudes genuine positive energy from the moment you step through the door. Everyone is so kind and friendly. Fabian, the spa manager, even printed out a neighborhood map and suggested some hot spots to checkout (since we were visiting from Cali). They're all just really nice people! Combine that with talented and passionate therapists and you have Studio Spa Garden of Healing. This place is a true gem and if I lived in Orlando I would go weekly. Next time I go, I will plan my trip around Arturo's schedule. That's how good he is. BTW, even though I'd pay top dollar for these treatments, the prices here are very reasonable and they offer shockingly generous deals and promotions. Too good, but true!!
Came here for a couples massage and it was excellent. We both enjoyed our massages and complimentary drinks. The staff was very friendly and they accommodated us in every way possible. My only complaint was the head rest and massage tables were not very comfortable. I will definitely return, as I've already purchased another couples massage.
I get massages on a pretty regular basis, but this is one of the best I've had in a long time. You also can't beat the deals they have. I booked last minute and got a same day appointment. They honored the discount price I saw, and were able to change my separate appointments to be back to back. The express facial was great, and it was nice to relax with some sangria. The staff was very sincere and professional. I'm looking forward to my next appointment and getting more info on accupucture, which they also do.
This place is my new secret for relaxation, health and serenity. I found out about it through an online coupon and after checking out the Yelp reviews, made my first appointment.  I have been back once a week ever since, and I can officially say I am HOOKED! Here are just some of the things I love about this place: AMBIANCE: The spa is in an old Victorian style house, nicely decorated with plush sofas, draped fabrics, and Asian-inspired furnishings.  They always have soft music playing and greet guests by offering champagne, wine, juice or water. The ladies at the front desk are very friendly and efficient, making the entire experience go smoothly. MASSAGE: I get massages about twice a month and have tried several places here in Orlando. I can honestly say that the massages here are the best I have ever experienced.  My first visit I had a massage with Sheila.  She is VERY strong, and did an excellent job at the detail work on my head and shoulders, working out all of the knots.  She knew a lot of advanced techniques and attacked my sore, tight trapezius and neck muscles from every angle, til they were soft like butter!   ACUPUNCTURE AND TUI-NA: On my second visit, I had my first-ever acupuncture with Arturo.  After a detailed consultation, he placed needles where needed and it was pleasant- I did not feel any pain. I have had acupuncture here three times now, and each time I feel like I am floating on a cloud for the rest of the day.  A couple of times I have had tui-na Chinese massage with fire cupping.  This is an unusual and very effective technique that uses small scooping motions to really relax the muscles.  The fire cupping feels just like a suction, with no heat or pain, and it is super-effective at untying major knots in the back and shoulders.  It does leave some bruise-like marks which fade after just a couple of days. But it made me feel incredibly focused and relaxed, ready to take on the world! These are the only services I have tried here so far, but I look forward to experiencing many more.  The Studio Spa feels like a home away from home, with welcoming people, seriously great service, and super-low prices compared to other Orlando spas.  Try it, you will love it too!
I found this place through Groupon where for $35 I purchased a 30 minute Swedish massage and facial. By noon, they had already booked all the facials but the owner was very friendly and said that I could come in for the massage and come back another day for the facial. The place is owned by two people, one of which appeared to be the only one working that day. The place is in a large wooden house next to a neighborhood. You park in a grass parking lot that appears to be on the side or back of the house. When you walk in, for a second you are confused because no one is there and it looks like you are in a house and not a business. Round the corner and there's a receptionist desk. Phew. Everyone there speaks Spanish so if you speak Spanish thats a plus. They also do a million different services: permanent makeup, weight loss something or other, facials, Eastern things I've never heard of, etc. Super friendly service. I was offered something to drink (champagne, wine, water, orange juice) about three times by three different people until I finally settled on some water. It's nicely decorated with the typical spa therapy elevator-music-sleeping-sounds playing. They have the regular couch to wait on and stare at the receptionist as well as a chill room right next to it with some bean bag chairs and a huge bed with pillows. I was told before and after my massage that I could stay after the massage to loiter if i wanted to. I saw some people taking him up on that deal to stay for a bit and sip some champagne.   The massage was AWESOME. The owner who gave me the massage was so hot and that was awesome/nerve-wracking too. He also asked me if I had heard of firecupping and when I said no he offered to show me. He basically put bowls of fire on my back and slid them around. It felt amazing. I will definitely be doing that again since my muscles relaxed ASAP. He did it for free too. The only downside was that, since he was the only one doing massages, i had to wait 30 minutes to be seen since he fell behind. On the up side, i think part of the reason he fell behind is because he is the kind of person to bend over backwards to make the customer happy. He gave me an extra 10-15 minutes of massage to make up for him being late and I didnt even care that he was late (was reading a good book: about China, ironic no?). So, owner is hot and the massage rocked. I will be back.
Had a massage with Sheila and she did an awesome job to put me to sleep and made me feel relax and stress free. This place is within the residential area. So be mindful that the place looks like a home from the outside but when you get in to their spa u will feel as if you are at home.
Absolutely wonderful! I can't say enough good things about Studio Spa. I went for a massage and it was definitely the best I've ever had. Arturo is an excellent therapist- he has a broad knowledge of many different forms of massage and therapy, some of which I had never even heard of before!  He was very attentive and offered information as we went-- he did an excellent job of targeting my trouble areas. This spa offers a wide variety of treatments to satisfy any of your needs- I can't wait to go back!  I'm happy to say that I've found my new go-to spa!
I found them through groupon and each time I called them was always met with a super professional and accommodating person on the other side of the line.  I fell in love as soon as I saw the building.  Its a converted home into a studio of bliss.  Tranquil, clean, and inviting.  They went out of their way to make me feel welcome and relaxed.  Spoke to me in detail what I wanted from my massage.  It was very much provided for me.  I'm a runner and needed special attention to my quads and feet.  I felt the massage therapist went beyond the call of duty to help with the delayed onset muscle soreness I was experiencing and to help open up my hips.  I will MOST definitely be going back and have already recommended it highly to a few friends.
I have been coming to this spa since grand opening. The entire staff is like family and always focuses on the well being of their customer.  You won't be just a number here like the large spas. I have known Arturo for over six years and always grateful for his knowledge and attentiveness ensuring my life is just a little better after the massage.
What a lovely hidden gem in Winter Park, Florida...I took my boyfriend for a couples massage, and I can tell you that Arturo is a phenomenal massage therapist...Super Awesome Place. Also Fabian the manager of the spa is so personable and awesome. It was so nice, quaint, and would definitely go back.
If i could officially give it a ranking i would give it a 4.9 only because i usually like when my masseuses use the scents before they give the massage to open up the nasal passages. That's just me though. I just went today with my wife and couple we are on vacation in Orlando with. Everybody here LOVED our massages. Great value on groupon, they serve you a mimosa before the massage, and they really knew what they were doing. None of us were massage rookies and all of us got great massages by different people. I personally had Sara who gave me one of the best deep tissue massages i ever receiver. Next time we come this way on vacation we are absolutely starting our vacation the same way. The whole staff was great!
Twice they have messed up my appointment time and days. The other time I got an appointment the masseuse was late 30 minutes.
Not just for massages! I've been doing the vavuum therapy on my legs packaged with galvanic therapy and after 2 sessions I already can see a difference. I have 9 more sessions to go and am excited to see my results at the end. The staff are great and I love the personal attention received. Every time I go I'm greeted as if I'm family.
Therapists are very caring and astute.  The whole staff ia friendly!
I wanted a facial and found them through Groupon. They were offiering a great deal on a massage/facial combo so I decided to check it out. This was my first massage ever so I wasn't really sure what to expect. From the minute I walked in, I fell in love with the place. The ambiance, decor, smell...it was just wonderful! They have a selection of complimentary drinks (I had a mimosa). Great prices as well! I'm a college student and found it affordable. The staff was very friendly and professional and my therapist did a great job at relieving my neck and back pain. The facial left my skin feeling smooth and clean. Overall it was a great experience, and I already booked my next appointment which I'm really looking forward to.
Massage was great!!! Very cute and quiet atmosphere. Staff is very friendly! You get a complimentary drink which is always nice. I tried the hot glass cupping and was very pleased. Would definitely recommend to others!
I too bought a massage through Groupon. I choose the fire cupping because I exercise a lot, and often get migraines so I have tight muscles just about everywhere. The technician, Jasmine, and I decided this was a good choice for me. She was very thorough and she took her time.  For one of the few times in my life I was able to relax and let go. I even fell into a peaceful sleep for a time. I bought another massage for my daughter before I left! To my disappointment I discovered Jasmine was moving out of state the following week :( but was told there is a doctor and one other therapist on staff. Everyone I spoke with spoke fluent English.
I love this place!!!!!! The location is cute and my treatment was great!!!!! Can not wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!!
I have been to a few places to get a wax before but this one is the best one I have been to. Walking in is very calming and the environment is relaxing
I was given a special gift for my birthday for a 60 minute massage. I was very impressed by the service from the staff. Arturo did my massage and he is very knowledgeable about what he does and the techniques he uses. I recommend this spa to anyone that is looking for a great massage as well as a place that offers acupuncture and many other services. The prices are reasonable and they offer great deals on grupon.
Everyone here is wonderfully friendly. Paola is incredible, so efficient and capable, yet personal and helpful. There is a family atmosphere in every positive way. The treatments I have had, facials and nonsurgical facelifts have been perfectly professional and reasonably priced. I am just so comfortable here, I can't imagine going to an "office" or a "stuffy salon" again!!
I love this place.  Every service that I have had (accupuncture, facial & massage) were great.  The staff treat you like royalty & seem to really care about their clients.  If you want to be pampered then make an appt with this place!
