Jenny is wonderful for foot reflexology!  She provides a calm and comfortable atmosphere, and has a gentle therapeutic touch.  Reflexology sessions with Jenny leave me feeling very peaceful, and rejuvinated.  If you have specific areas of your body or specific health issues, tell her, and she'll be sure to dedicate more time to those areas. I have been helped with skin problems, emotional stress, physical stress, digestion issues, and just overall relaxation.  I might enter feeling flustered, and 60 minutes later I leave feeling a super sense of calm.  The effects carry over into a restful night's sleep. As with any massage, be sure to drink plenty of water afterwards to flush out the toxins.  Any time I am in Orlando, I make it a priority to book a session with Jenny
Karen is fabulous. Scheduling with them is always very easy on their website. They have specials during the week and will give you $10 off if you come back in a month.
I had a wonderful experience at Healthy Body Massage!  Jenny provided a wonderful and healing deep tissue massage to an area on my back that has chronically given me trouble.  I walked out feeling like all of my back tension and issues had been given the attention it needed, better than other massage therapists I have visited recently. The building is unassuming, but has beautiful landscaping surrounding it.  The interior provides a calming and peaceful environment with soothing eucalyptus aromatherapy. There are a lot of massage therapy options in the Central Florida area.  Healthy Body Massage definitely rises above the rest!
I have had a migraine for the past 4 days and let me tell you how much an hour massage in addition to a scalp massage helped me here. I don't have a go-to massage place just yet but this may be in the running. I have had this place bookmarked for a while thanks to Yelp, Megan H specifically. I really need to try out the lomi-lomi massage! I booked on a Saturday morning for a Saturday afternoon appointment. For my half hour scalp massage and 1 hour body massage it was $105 total (without tip). SCORE! What can you expect? Quaint Personal Relaxing Clean Comfortable Yes, this is literally a small house turned into a massage studio and it's glorious. The front in the check-in area and as soon as you walk in you smell the relaxation. Each room is a different massage room and they are all quaint and homey. Decorated lovely, a huge way away from the chain massage places you may find. Candles, music and aroma therapy set the mood. Nice, heated tables and fleece blankets are a huge plus here that really help you feel at home and comfortable. Trisha Rae was my massage therapist and she was extremely nice. She listed to all my needs and delivered a great massage that had me feeling relaxed, relived and wanting to rebook! I do want to point out that since this way my first time here and with massage therapist, Trisha Rae, I was a little hesitant about relaxing upon laying down and I have not has a massage in over a year... so, since this is very close to the road, I was able to hear traffic outside. I didn't like this so much and was worried it would be distracting the entire time. Let me tell you... I was wrong! Within 15 minutes I forgot where I was, I just knew I was on a cloud, warm, smelling peppermint and having someone massage me. It was lovely. I can't wait to go back and try more services! I highly suggest checking this place out!
Just had an absolutely amazing reflexology session with Jenny today. My parents have been going to her regularly for various health concerns, but this was the first time I was able to see her. I live in NYC and have a professional reflexology practice. (Needless to say my standards are pretty high as a result!) Jenny far exceeded my expectations (and I was expecting it to be a great session based on my parents' feedback). In addition to stress relief, the session helped with digestive and thyroid issues--bringing my body, mind, and spirit back into balance. I feel like a million bucks and will definitely be back next time I'm in town. It's hard to find an expert reflexologist (it's much more established in Europe and Asia) so Jenny is a real find. Run, don't walk, to see her!
This is a very small place but Tricia is an awesome massage therapist and one of only a handful in town that offer traditional Hawaiian Lomi-Lomi massage. If you've never experienced a lomi-lomi massage before, you should check out this series of videos that explains how they differ from Swedish massage techniques: ehow.com/video_4408016_i… This is not a full-scale day spa, but they are a great place for a massage without having to pay for all the spa extras and they accept walk-ins.
Went in for a Vanilla Orange Body Scrub before a trip to the beach and L-U-V, Loved it! This was my first and only trip so far to Healthy Body and also my first body scrub but even without any other scrubs to compare to, I feel that it is probably the best you can get in Orlando. Jenny seemed very experienced and was super professional; she did an amazing job scrubbing and relaxing me. I was worried after recently receiving a terrible (unrhythmical? what's wrong with you?) massage at Massage Envy. Jenny had plenty of rhythm, thank you!! Healthy Body Massage conducts business in a very tiny space, but that doesn't mean they can't get the job done! I walked out feeling shiny and my friends thought my skin looked great and were asking for my secrets. Oh, and they also send you home with a small jar of the scrub mixture so you can exfoliate your chest and below-the-bellybutton areas that can't be scrubbed by strangers. They thought of everything!
I've been here a couple of times and it's always amazing. Karen is the best. I had a 90 minute massage this last time and I felt incredible! The cottage is quaint, comfortable, and clean. You get the spa music, oils, and candles and you can't beat the prices.
I came here to try out reflexology. I figured it would be just a hyped up foot massage that I usually get with my pedis. Still wanted to try it nonetheless. This was an hour session....and about 10 mins in I was completely knocked out and dead to the world. For me this was a pretty big deal because I find it difficult to completely relax with standard back massages. They feel great, just never hit that magic spot like this did. Must be something about those pressure points being hit in your soles. Plus the hot stones felt amazing. I left feeling completely uplifted, relaxed, and in the best mood. An amazing experience that has completely turned me over to the reflexology practice instead of back massages.
I have been going to Healthy Body since they opened and they have always taken great care of me.  It is small but the talented, caring therapists make you feel welcome and relaxed. They have helped me with relaxation, muscle strains, body scrubs, and most importantly, they have recently been helping me with chronic back pain.  I've been in pain for over 18 months and under treatment from a chiropractor.  It wasn't until I started a treatment plan at Healthy Body that I truly started feeling better.  I can't thank them enough an I look forward to continuing my treatment and getting back to a normal life!
I selected this massage place based on the yelp reviews.  I was visiting FL for the Christmas.  I was attended by Carla while Karen was assigned to my husband.   Carla did an amazing job on my body.  After the massage. I felt so relaxed and refreshed for the entire day.  She focused on each and every tiny bit of bone in my body and afterwards I felt like all my knots were cleared of any pain whatsoever.  My massage was just the way I wanted.  Not to hard or firm, it was very relaxing.  My husband mentioned that he was very happy with Karen's services.  He wasn't sure at first, but seems that he got a deep massage, which was very firm and just the way he wanted. When we arrived, this place looked soothing.  Both of them treated us well.  The room seemed quiet and the massage oil had a herbal fragrance, very soothing.  As we were delighted with the services, we tipped them well. I'd recommend this place to anyone living in or visiting Orlando!
My mother and I were on vacation and feeling tight and tired from swimming and decided we needed a massage.  She had a traditional Swedish massage with Jenny, and I had a hot stone massage with Tricia.  We both felt relaxed after an hour with these ladies and were very pleased with our experiences.  It's not a fancy, high-end spa, but the surroundings are pleasant and inviting.  The price is also reasonable, plus you receive a small discount for paying cash or with a debit card (if used with pin).
After five days of intense amusement park visits with our three kids, my wife and I were sore all over.  We decided to treat ourselves to a couples massage.at the last minute.  I'm so happy we discovered this location on yelp.  My wife said it was the best massage she had ever received and it even cleared up a headache she had for the last few days.  I was also very pleased with the massage as well as the friendliness of the staff.  I look forward to visiting again in a few years when we return on vacation.
If you are looking for ambiance this is not the place for you. You are pretty much walking into someone's home and definitely don't get the spa experience when you walk in. I purchased the Groupon for a 60 minute deep tissue massage. For the Groupon price it was worth it, but had I paid full price I would have been disappointed. If I'm going to spend the money I want to feel like I'm getting full spa service. That being said the massage was still great, but could hear the clock ticking, I could hear what was happening in the reception area, just not full out relaxing. If you go I would recommend Martha. She gave a great myofascial (not sure if this is correct spelling) massage.
Quaint little place and by little I mean little. It's in a little house with only a few rooms. I had Carla, who did a great job. I could, however, hear folks opening and closing the front door. Overall it was a very relaxing experience and my neck, shoulders and back feel MUCH better. I'm so glad I went.
Hubby and I had a couples hot stone massage today. It was AHHHH-MAZING. Very talented massage therapists who really listen to what you want / need. I had Tara (who gave me the best foot rub I've ever had, seriously), and Hubby had Colleen. A lovely, comfortable environment (about 25 minutes away from our hotel near Universal Studios- worth the drive, not far from the Orlando airport) staffed by real professionals who know what they are doing. Highly recommended.
