This was my first time going to this spa and was a little apprehensive to try a new place, but once I saw the place I was immediately at ease. It's a very warm atmosphere with incredibly friendly and professional staff. The place was very clean and I was happy to be offered free drinks upon checking in (wine too!). My therapist, Alex, was there to greet me right as I arrived. I got a tour & got some coffee and then he sat me down to see what I felt like needed work. He had a very warm aura and made me feel very at ease. He was communicative & was great at finding a pressure that fit for me. I left feeling like a new person! All the knots were gone and I felt so fresh and revived. I would definitely suggest him to any and all incoming clients! Alex is truly wonderful.
Let's start out with I LOVE THIS PLACE. I have been frequenting The Spa for a couple years now. I get biweekly mani/pedis with my mom, waxing, and facials (though I've scaled these back due to budgeting). I'm a member of their 1/2 off club, which is a great deal if you plan to do regular services. I always feel welcome and appreciated; it is a clean, well-run place, and you can see the attention to detail in how it is appointed. I alternate between 4/5 stars, because they stopped serving champagne a while ago. My mom and I bring our own bottle, and one time Andy got us more when we ran out (during a special occasion where we'd brought friends and underestimated how much we were going to imbibe!), which was awesome. Since I am at The Spa several times a month, I often see special events being hosted (bachelorette, birthdays, etc.) and they always look like so much fun. I can't wait until I have a reason to have a gathering here. The quarterly Happy Hours are also a blast. The Spa staff really know how to throw a party! I feel lucky that I have such a great resource so close to my home. It's a true gem of a local business for College Park.
Last night, I went to check out The Spa's "new" location on Edgewater. I hadn't been since they were on Orange Ave due to a change in finances, but I always had great experiences at the old location. The Spa has been one of those places I recommend to people even though I hadn't been in a long time. But, I digress! I had a facial appointment at 6:45, and got there a bit early. I was instantly greeted, gotten a glass of water, and taken of a tour of the facility. This place is huge! They have 2 waiting rooms/tranquility rooms, one that is cell phone friendly and one that is not. There were 3 bathrooms that were pointed out to me, an infrared sauna, mani/pedi room, a reflexology room, an outdoor area with a jacuzzi, and multiple body/face treatment rooms. My technician, Sebastian, was great. He explained step by step what he was doing to my face, the benefits of the products, recommendations for my skin, etc. He answered all of my questions, and was super complimentary. Today, I can see a noticeable difference in my skin; it looks so smooth and clear! I love that they gave me a chart of my face with specific recommendations for each area and a list of products used. The *only* reason I'm giving The Spa a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star rating is due to the very heavy sales push. Every single person that worked there that I spoke with mentioned their half off club and made a big push on the sale of it. I get that they're a business and all, but to me, there is something lost in a spa experience when there's a heavy sales push. Yes, I want to know what products were used on my face so that I can do a bit of research and decide whether or not to buy, but the heavy push of the half off club was a bit too much for me. I'm hoping that on future trips to The Spa that the push is less significant.
I enjoy The Spa for the simple reason that anyone should enjoy a spa... relaxation. I am only here for a mani/Pedi today and arriving a little early I can get a nice coffee from the front desk person, sit in relaxation room and do a little work and catch up on some emails before I get my feet soaked, rubbed, scrubbed and polished..
I had a perfect experience from the moment I walked in to the moment I left . Very professional , and great customer service. I went to Amy for a facial and she took the time to educate me and personalize my facial .
Updated review.... A week and a half after my very thick pedicure, two of my toenails literally peeled off along with the polish. I'm not sure if it was something in their base/top coat, or if they put it on too thick and it got caught, but either way, my toes are disgusting! Pictures will be posted. Never going back!
4.5 Stars: I still believe the scheduling program could have been overrode. Johanna (sp?) - Receptionist who booked my appointment and refused to let me cancel (24hr policy):  She was so kind and nice. And I was not in the best of moods. I wasn't mean...just not my normal happy self. This woman has CLASS! Talk about a PROFESSIONAL! Shaniqall (sp?) - Masseuse - FREAKING AMAZING! She asked about my problem spots, etc. and went right to work. She's only been doing masseuse-work for 2+ years but she was SO GOOD I could swear she's been doing massage work for 40+ years (although she does not look that old!). Super friendly too. I probably butchered her name in this review (Sorry AWESOME MASSAGE LADY!) Diamond - Manicurist - OMGoodness! My nails look amazing. Diamomd's ATTENTION TO DETAIL is FABULOUS. Loved chatting with her. When I started reading a really interesting magazine article she let me delve in without a worry. Conclusion: I hate leaving bad reviews but was prepared to do so in this case. I'm glad I didn't have to. The Spa completely exceeded my (ready-to-critique) expectations. The Spa and the staff are top notch. Just remember! They mean business when it comes to their 24hr cancellation policy!
There are numerous hotel-based day spas in Orlando as you get closer to the theme parks, but I didn't know until recently that there was a day spa this close to downtown. I'd made my appointment just for a massage, unaware how big their facility actually is. I was offered wine upon arrival and took a quick tour of the space - they offer mani/pedi, facials, reflexology, several different styles of massages, two different relaxation rooms, a sauna, a hot tub/outdoor cabana in the back (would be fun to reserve this for a bachelorette party) and a nap room. Yep, a nap room. If I worked within walking distance I would get a membership here to leverage the intraday naps. My massage was with Adriana, who was very friendly and did an excellent job of hitting the spots where I had the most tension (all the ones I mentioned to her, and a few others she found). Bonus: there's a half-off first visit promo on Yelp. They also have a half-off club for those who have sufficient time to pamper themselves on the regular. Will definitely come back when I have more time to hang out in the sauna... and to take a post-massage nap!
Thank. You. Mahogany. Seriously, I could die at your hands and I'd go happily. Looking at The Spa from the outside, you wouldn't think it would be as spacious on the inside -- it's like a TARDIS. Park in the private lot in the back and walk through the vine-covered awning to enter the spa. Inside, the decor is simple and classic; neutral colors with beautiful accents. It felt very open. I arrived roughly five minutes before my appointment and the receptionist greeted me, offering me a complimentary beverage of juice, water, wine, or coffee. After completing the necessary paperwork, they took me on a tour of the facilities. I was very excited to see that they do reflexology -- the room was gorgeous; floor to ceiling windows look out onto the green walkway. They also have a nap room, which I find hilarious/amazing. You just come in and nap before or after your treatment. I signed up for the Deep Tissue Therapeutic Massage to deal with the knots in my back. Oh, how Mahogany delivered. I walked out a new woman. She was very professional the entire time, making sure to spend time on the places I indicated as problem areas as well as feeling out other issues I had, but didn't list. I was so sad that it only lasted an hour! I don't get massages nearly enough to justify buying a membership, but subscribing to their email newsletter also provides you with special deals as well. They have monthly specials too! Can't wait to come back and check out their reflexology!
Great experience! Friendly staff, clean facilities and many treatment options. I would recommend The Spa to my friends and family!
This spa is amazing I have never seen such a large spa with so many amenities. The infrared sauna and the Jacuzzi outside is such a nice addition. The pedicure room is huge  with big beautiful windows to see outside. If you want to be truly pampered I would highly recommend getting a pedicure. My hot stone massage by Thomas felt like I was in heaven. The Bio peel facial was a nice gentle peel my face looks and feels amazing. Andy the owner is awesome such a friendly owner really takes a lot of pride in his spa and is hands on with the clients. The spa manager Gjuana was warm and welcoming offering a tour of the spa. Do yourself a favor we all Deserve pampering and book a spa day
Each week I'm blessed to receive deep tissue massages from Mahogany and Michael. They are amazing therapists who take pride in their work and in making me feel relaxed and comfortable all while working on my tension areas in my neck and back. Mahogany has a great flow and form for her massages with a very firm touch while Michael is knowledgeable in pressure points and deep stretches to help my posture and relax my joints. As a professional in this industry I am impressed with their skill set and look forward to seeing them both week after week!
In interest of full disclosure, I did receive my massage free of charge, thanks to The Spa. How you may ask? I had visited the College Park Jazz Festival and checked in via Yelp! A couple days later, I received a message on Yelp from Andy at The Spa. He thanked me for visiting CP and said he wanted to keep me in the area and offered a free massage or facial. After verifying it was a real offer and agonizing over which pampering session to get (first world problems), I choose the massage and made an appointment. I got there a little early for my appointment. They offered me a beverage (white or red wine, coffee, water or juice). I got white wine. Then they took me a tour of the facility. They have reflexology, multiple massage rooms, a mani/pedi space. And a nap room - that may not be the actual name, but they have a room where you can pay $12/hr to nap. Seriously. After your massage you can snooze. I'm sure it would be delightful. They have Right on time, my massage therapist called me in. He name was Thomas and he was great. He asked when the last time I had a massage was (a while) and if any areas were bothering me (my low back, neck and shoulders). He checked in the pressure level a few times during the massage. I appreciated that as so often I think we suffer through it. But I was actually good with the pressure he chose. A couple times it was a little intense but that was mostly in the areas where I was very tight. I didn't realize how much tension was in my whole body until this. Let's just say it's been a stressful year. A couple times he hit a spot and it completely released a whole side of my body. I was not ready for it to be over. The hour went by so fast. If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I have a bad back which causes issues with my feet. When I left here, I didn't have any tension in my feet. It is such a great feeling since it rarely happens. I really want to go back and regularly. They have a member package which gives you 50% off services. Now where to find the money to make this a part of my lifestyle... Anyone willing to donate? One thing to note: there is a deal for 50% your first visit but I don't believe you can use that if you have a gift certificate. Check with them in advance. But I heard someone on the phone was having that problem.
I was in Orlando and in quite a bit of pain. It was a Sunday and not many places were open. I discovered The Spa on Edgewater on Yelp and decided to drop in. I didn't expect them to accommodate me but I only waited for 30mins for a therapist. Adriana was my therapist and listened to my needs as I explained the type of pain I was experiencing. She was amazing, I had 60mins of deep tissue massage and left feeling completely renewed. I will definitely be back next time I am in town.
I really, really wanted this to be good. It's not far from me and since I'm not a fan of super pretentious spa places, I was looking forward to this neighborhood spa. Unfortunately, it felt like a pretentious hotel spa because of the way I was treated. Upon arrival the person working the desk was very busy so I waited while two women checked out. When this person got to me, this person made me feel like I wasn't good enough to be there. Now granted, I wasn't feeling well so I didn't have my face done up nor was I dressed in hoity toity clothes, but you shouldn't judge a book by its cover, right? I told this person I was there to meet a friend and I was asked to remain in the lobby to wait. One star earned - I was offered a beverage and it was quickly delivered. I was escorted to the mani/pedi room where there seemed to be much confusion. The room was not full but the girls couldn't figure out who was supposed to be where, who was getting what treatment next, and who was allowed to sit in which chair. We were told a few different things in the first 10 minutes, contributing again to the feeling that I was putting them out for coming in. In addition, as this back and forth went on with the staff, the tone in their voices with one another turned sour. After I received my manicure, there ensued more debate about what pedicure chairs my friend and I were going to sit in. They did not have us sit next to each other rather placed me on one end of the row and my friend on the clear other end of the row. It was very awkward. Then, towards the end of my pedicure, another pedicure technician started harassing my girl on how much longer before she was done with me. There were three empty chairs but for some strange reason they had to have the crappy one I was sitting in. This went on for the last 10 minutes of my pedicure. Again, making me feel like I was putting them out. Then, the drying... Because they so desperately needed my chair, they moved me twice to different rooms to dry my toes. None of the moving around made much since at all except to make a very clear statement to a new customer: "you are putting us out." Never mind that the manicure and pedicure wasn't even that good, and instead just contributed to the overall experience and my feeling that I had just wasted time and money. Yuck. I hate that feeling.
This was my first time at The Spa- and I will be back! I was a few minutes late and still greeted by a calm, welcoming receptionist who took my name and offered me a drink. She then gave me a tour of the huge and gorgeous facility. When we returned to the lobby, Emily was ready to take me for a facial. She was friendly and assured me she would take care of me when I let her know I was pregnant. She gave me lots of options- if I'd like a pillow and how I felt about the light and music levels. Sometimes I have trouble relaxing during facials because in the past the hour was filled with the flaws of my skin and which products I should buy. Emily was great about keeping the descriptions of what she was using on my face short and helpful. Instead of over-speaking, she would simply ask if I had any questions. The facial itself was so wonderful and relaxing. I was in heaven and even dozed off a bit. Toward the end of the treatment she massaged my face, neck, shoulders, hands- and even feet!!- with hot towels and the best lotion. I would never expect all of that in a facial and was so impressed   I'll definitely be back!
Beware of the "1/2 Price Club". Whatever you do, do NOT sign up for the half price club. It's a gimmick to get you to sign up for an on going charge system. They will charge you $25 every few months to be a part of their little membership club. It isn't what it's all cracked up to be! I requested to cancel my membership 3 times, once in person, once on the phone and once in an email. They require you to fill out paperwork to cancel. We don't live anywhere near The Spa, so it was convenient to just "drop by". I have two kids, and much more to worry about than a membership, to which I had requested to cancel. It took them 2 weeks to "discuss" my account to see if they would give me a refund for the charges they put on my credit card. I'm furious. They will not refund my membership and I do believe that is bad business. I don't use it, don't plan on using it and I think it is a way to squeeze money out of people for a membership that entitles you to zip. Stupid me for signing up with them in the first time. STAY AWAY from this place!!!!!!!  I only have warnings against this so called "Spa" that has paper walls for massage rooms (so you can hear other conversations), no showers/changing rooms or any truly relaxing areas. Save yourself the money and go somewhere worth it. I will be certain to tell all my Winter Park and surrounding area friends never to go here. Hopefully the owners will change their attitude for others who may already be trapped.
I have been going to The Spa for several months now.  They used to located on Orange Ave., but are now on Edgewater Drive in College Park. I joined the 1/2 off club when I first started going there in August.  The price was $25 per quarter and that allowed you to get 1/2 off 8 services. In January, they moved to a much bigger space and the 1/2 off club is now $45 a quarter. That represents a 80% increase over the old price. I was told the reason for the increase is the bigger building and more services.  The problem is that you don't get any additional services except for a few hours in the 'sleep room' (which I'll never use) and some time in the sauna (which I'll probably never use). Their massage runs around $50 so if you add the $15 you have to pay each month, you are really paying $65 -- not really 1/2 off.  Oh, did I mention that you only get 1/2 off on two services per quarter so if you want to get a mani / pedi each month then you'll have to pay full price for one of them.  And, all the other services for the quarter would be full price. In today's economy where we have Groupons, Living Social, Odeals, etc. there is never a reason to pay full price for these services.   Too bad, because I like this spa, but their business practice of raising the 1/2 off club 80% will cause me to go somewhere else.
Went here for a bachelorette party - the express facial was great, my skin felt amazing and the facilities are relaxing. Like another reviewer mentioned, massages are cheaper through daily deals on email so I found the massages to be really expensive. Luckily, they were offering a Yelp check-in coupon that offered half off a service (so I used it on a therapeutic massage) but it really annoyed me that not a single employee working the front desk knew what the Yelp check-in coupon was. They had me back out of the menu to show them the address to their location to double check it was the correct spa, as if I was trying to pull a fast one on them. I don't think I can count on my fingers and toes how many times they asked me and the other ladies in our party whether we had pressed "Redeem Coupon" on our phones, again, as if we were trying to dupe them. The coupon was for a first visit only, so unless I used some elaborate alias, I couldn't reuse the coupon again even if I wanted to. It's YOUR promotion, how can you not know how it works? There's a friggin' "Yelp Loves Us" sticker on the door!
My skin was in desperate need of a facial. I was putting it off for so long in NYC due to the weather and stress from work. I used my handy Yelp application on my Blackberry to call around and find this place. I called around 11am and was able to get an appointment immediately at 11:15! Luckily I was right around the corner, so I was able to make the short drive to be on time. The shop is not that big. Its kind of a long hallway with 4 small rooms for spa services. The first two rooms were for facials, and the last two were for massage services. The Spa uses Dermalogica products which is THE BEST brand a spa could use. It is good for all types of skin no matter what kind of allergies you have. My esthetician's name was Angela. She was a sweet younger girl that had probably just finished health school and started working there. She asked me a couple of questions and I could tell she didn't have too many years of experience, but still trusted her as much as I could with my skin. After the facial was over, I felt so much better! She focused a lot on extractions, but overlooked some areas on my hairline. I will share this place with my friends :)
I have been to The Spa twice now. The first time I went, I was greeted immediately and offered a much needed glass of wine.  My service that day was a facial which was fine, not great.  The wrap-around towel they gave me to wear was very damp...either from the client before me or wasn't dried thoroughly in the dryer. Since they use the hot mist on your face, all I could think about was that the dampness was from the previous client.  Ick.  Was I wearing the same towel??? The second time I went was for a Swedish massage.  The receptionist again greeted me and offered me a drink...which she forgot to deliver.  I waited in their tranquility waiting room, which is NOT relaxing at all.  They leave the door open and give tours.  It's kinda humorous how they describe it as the relaxing room when you can hear the music booming from the mani/pedi area and they're giving tours!  They absolutely should keep that door closed the whole time!!!   As for the massage itself, absolutely 5 stars with Terrell.  He is a new employee there and he did a FANTASTIC job.  I'm getting married in a couple of weeks and he was able to relieve all of my upper body stress.  He is very well trained...he knew exactly where to add the pressure to relieve the knots in my back.  I cannot say enough about how great of a job he did.  I felt so much more relaxed.  If you are stressed, ASK FOR TERRELL!!!!  If it weren't for him, the spa would get a 2 star review from me because it is not a relaxing environment at all.
Mani Monday Mimosas!! I learned about The Spa through Groupon, as I do with everything in my new town of Orlando.   I paid $27.50 for a mani/pedi special that is normally priced at $55. They found me a last minute, same day appointment...to which I was late for.  I even annoyed myself with this....I called them and let them know I would be 15 minutes late and they were incredibly gracious about it.   So, 20 minutes late I stroll in and they smile as if I'm early and offer me a wine, champagne or mimosa.  That's pretty classy.   Courtney did my nails.  Normally, I just like to read and let them do their job, but Courtney was sweet and I enjoyed chatting with her.   Pros:  I really appreciate the way to treated me. Had I seen the issues with my pedi, I know Courtney would have taken care of it with a smile.  Mimosas on a Monday?  Even though I daned to be 20 minutes late?  Well alright!   Also, it's pretty.  Plus, I think if you get treatments and services done regularly the 1/2 off club is a fantastic deal...it also includes polish changes which is huge!! They also have monthly/quarterly parties which sound like a blast.   Cons:  It is a bit on the intimate side, I could overhear what sounded like a job interview being conducted while I was getting my manicure.   I think The Spa could be using the darker lighting as ambiance, but the nail techs need a little more near the pedi station.  When I got home I realized the coats were a bit thin on the my right foot, and there is a bit of polish on my skin. So, I signed up for the club.  I will pay more attention to my toes before i leave and I will partake in mimosas at lunch.
LOVE IT!! Subscribe to their email list.  Every day at close they email out the open appts for the next day.  If you call right at open and schedule one of their openings the service is 1/2 off!!! I got a pedicure with Brittney and she is great.  Leather massage chair, mimosas and relaxing environment.  All for like $27.50?  Steal. I'll be trying more of their services-- at 1/2 off!  Ha! Also, all of the staff are really friendly and professional.  The manager guy at the front desk even looked up some addresses of the local Macys for me (I had just moved the day before!)  REALLY helpful!
Overpriced. If you cancel your appointment before 24 hours they bill the entire service to your card.
The 50% off first service was what lured me into The Spa.  After a pleasant first visit, I immediately signed up for the half off club membership.  It's definitely a good option at the moment, since I've been getting massages and chem peels on a monthly basis.  Membership is $45 a quarter.  Chemical peels are pretty expensive but with the membership discount I feel like I'm getting a good deal out of it.  Also, they use Dermatologica.  So far, service has been consistently excellent.  The staff are friendly and very accommodating.  They always greet you with a complimentary beverage upon arrival.  Waiting time has vary from 5-15 minutes and all my visits are scheduled ahead.  The Spa may look small from the outside but it's actually a lot bigger inside.
You know the saying, good things come in small packages?  This couldn't be more true for The Spa. It's small, but it's awesome.  I came in for a 60min Swedish massage and met Colleen, my masseuse.  She was awesome, talked to me about trouble spots and checked in with me throughout to make sure the pressure was right.  I was in another place afterwards... soooooo relaaaaaxed. Only downer, I could hear the conversation, word for word by the women getting pedi's right outside the room.  They were speaking in normal voice, and it was like they were in the room with me.  So.. that kinda sucked.  Otherwise though, a great experience I'll be booking again soon!
This is truly a one stop shop.  Not only can you receive spa services, hair cuts, makeup applications, waxing, and body scrubs, but you can also have wedding consultations and your car washed.   The Spa on North Orange Ave. is an elegant and seemingly cutting edge place for all things beauty and comfort.  For $115, and 80 minutes of your time, you can receive a custom pre-natal massage.  If you want to get your little girl (12 and under) to receive her very own Princess Pedicure, tiara included, expect to spend $20.  And if you would like a deluxe car wash for 45 minutes, it's only $25.  Not your average spa service, but why not offer something for your car while you are being pampered? Plus they feature special events like happy hours.  Check their website to watch their upcoming events.
Came for some pampering. Got a Signature Spa Mani & Pedi. My hands and feet were never treated so wonderfully. Scrub, lotions and paraffin wax! They gave me a tour when i arrived and it was wonderful. I got my manicure in the nail spa room but then for my pedicure they told me the chairs where broken (but yet there where other customers there); so they have me the pedi in the reflexology room, i was told it was quieter but being right at the entrance that wasn't so. They chair was also uncomfortable for me, since im short, and the nail specialist because she was sitting on a foot stool. She managed to do a good job, but they really should not do nail services in their.
I visited The Spa after purchasing a Groupon. Can I just say, this place is adorable! It's much smaller than I had imagined.  And when I say small, I mean like only 2 pedi stations and only 2 mani stations. So, definitely make an appointment before you go. We made an appointment before we came but we still had to wait a bit. It wasn't too terrible since they offered complimentary drinks (even mimosas!). There is not much privacy in this place since it is so small, so if anyone around you is having a conversation it can impose on your quiet time. I'm not sure if I would enjoy a massage here because the rooms are right next to the mani/pedi stations and who knows how thin the walls are. Overall, I liked this place. They have a half off club (which came with the Groupon) so I'll definitely be back. Give it a shot!
I found out about this place through Yelp - it had decent reviews and it was at a convenient location. Also, for Valentine's my boyfriend got me a package (spa getaway: includes signature mani/pedi & 30 min express facial). I'm the kind of child who has always stocked up on candy before a night of insane ravenous chow-down so I naturally saved this gift certificate until finals! This trip is much needed and I enjoy being pampered - The Spa LLC still holds the great service Yelpers raved about from a year ago (drink selections, customer service, and environment atmosphere). The staff is friendly and talkative and enjoyable to be around and were attentive about keeping you hydrated. I also liked the nail polish selection - although there were only probably 70+ choices at least it was diverse. They stick with OPI and essie mostly and that's fine with me. **For those who are curious, I tried OPI's Don't Mess With OPI (for hands) and Austin-tatious OPI (for feet).
I have been going to The Spa for several years now. It is located down the street from my job so it's a familiar area for me. The hours are convenient- even open on Sundays and open late during the week. Honestly, I think the biggest con is the parking. I usually try to parallel park near The Spa. If nothing is available, I park in the shopping center across the street (haven't gotten towed yet, so I think I'm safe). I go to the spa regularly for my mani/pedis. Complimentary drinks are available, including wine, champagne, and mimosas. They are very generous with the drinks! :) There is a relaxation area to enjoy your drink while you wait (usually not a long wait, if any). The spa is a little small, but I like it that way. I always make an appointment before I go for my service. They use OPI nail polish and I love OPI. I have had a number of ladies do my nails and they are all great. However, Pilar is my favorite. She is so sweet and does a great job. The foot massages are great and my feet always end up so smooth afterward. After a recent vacation, I went into the spa with some rough feet. The pedi did me wonders. I also bought a dermalogica product for my feet based on Courtney's recommendation. I am part of the half off club, which I think is a great deal. You end up paying $25 each quarter, but all the services are half off and you get a free service during the month of your birthday. So I got a $100 massage for nothing! I do also enjoy the massages here. I have only had a few, but the hot stone massage is my favorite. It is wonderful! You can sometimes hear some a tiny bit of the chatter from the mani/pedi area, but it wasn't distracting. The relaxing music in the massage room definitely helped. Overall, I highly recommend the spa. I also recommend joining the half-off club, especially if you get your nails/ massages/ facials done regularly.
I have really high hopes for this place. I'm going to need the full bridal workup in a couple months, and that's going to get pretty pricey. I joined the half-price club they've got going on, and I intend to make full use of it. So far, I've only had a massage at The Spa, and it was pretty decent. I was sore for a while after, so I know she really worked the spots that needed it. The noise mentioned in other reviews didn't really bother me as much as it apparently did others. She had ambiance music on, and it was just normal salon chatter, so I just kind of tuned it out. Didn't really affect my experience. I guess if you're easily distracted, it's probably not the place for you. But if you're like me and need some serious relaxation, The Spa provided just that.
I really had my hopes up for a great massage. I booked my boyfriend and I each a 75 min deep tissue massage. I used to be a customer of The Spa a few years ago so I was expecting a phenomenal deep tissue massage. His massage was great. What I got was the absolute worst massage of my life. My therapist Crystal was quite nice and asked me what areas I needed her to focus on... Shoulders, neck, back and pecs. Unfortunately it didn't really matter since she went about doing her own thing. Never paying attention to those tense areas. The massage was very unbalanced, she did not massage my left side the same as my right... Not even close. Her technique had zero fluidity to it and she used her elbows instead of her hands for the deep pressure. I felt like I was being jerked around the table. She kept taking her hands off me to get more oil that was kept in the corner of the room. She used so much oil that she used a towel several times to wipe off the excess. I thought I was going to slide off the table! When it came time to flip onto my back she took the face rest out and said "flip over". She didn't lift the sheet to help so I just spun around messing up the sheet under me. At the end of the massage the she used a sugar scrub on my hands and feet, which was the best part of a bad experience. But then she left the room for a few minutes (unheard of) to get a wet towel to wipe off the scrub. Overall it felt like she just didn't care about the quality of massage she was giving. Which was odd because she was nice. When the receptionist asked how my service was I told him it was bad. He insisted on not charging me for the service, which is why I am giving three stars. I still left a tip for the girl since I felt guilty. Honestly I can take some of the responsibility because I should have vocalized to her how bad it was and how uncomfortable some of the things she was doing made me feel. To be fair I will give The Spa another shot, obviously not with the same therapist though. I owe them that for not charging me. If my experience Improves I will gladly edit my review.
Don't be afraid of the half off club.  You are able to cancel it whenever you want and you don't have to show up in person to do so. This place gives great pedicures for a decent (Florida) price. They're also very generous with the drinks.
This place gives amazing massages! After a day out and about Orlando, me and my boyfriend were tired and worn out. We wanted to get a massage to loosen up, and found this place. We got the aromatherapy Couples Massage, which I found to be an awesome experience I could spend with my boyfriend. It was soooo relaxing! My boy fell asleep (which I think defeats the whole purpose but heck, he likes it that way :P) and I just loved every minute of it. Our masseuses seemed experienced, and were careful not to use too much or too little pressure when massaging. Overall, great place! Friendly staff, great prices, and great ambience. Will come back if I'm ever in the area again. :)
I really enjoyed going to The Spa when it was located at the Ivanhoe/Orange Avenue location. It was small and personal.  In the new location, it is very impersonal and not a relaxing experience. On my last (and very last visit), the pedicurist put a solution on my feet that burned my skin and left sores on the sides of my feet for weeks.  Never going back!
Made an appointment well ahead of time for a pedicure. I wasn't able to make my scheduled appointment so I called several days before the appointment to reschedule. I get to the Spa and they have no record of my appointment and they made no offer to accommodate me despite the big faux pas by one of their reservationists. I walked out. They lost a customer and potential business as I had planned to join their half off club. My time is precious and if appointments MADE IN ADVANCE cannot be guaranteed here, then I will go elsewhere where my business is appreciated.
I've tried emailing The Spa to talk about my experience, but it seems that people get more of a response on Yelp than a personal email. My boyfriend and I came in 2 weeks ago for our very first massage together. I think the spa is such a beautiful place, every room just had a great energy and vibe to it, it made us feel very comfortable. The massage, however, was very strange to me. The young man who was working on me, didn't exactly seem like he knew what he was doing. Although it was my first massage, it just didn't feel right. He started out working on my back, which was great! But he didn't spend anytime working on my legs or lower body. In fact, for 3 straight songs (which I can only assume was roughly 15- 20 minutes) he played with my face. Lightly pinching my eyebrows, nose, cheeks and forehead. It felt very strange and awkward. I looked over to my boyfriend to see if he was getting the same treatment and he was getting his legs massaged. I understand that each therapist has their own techniques, but our massages were night and day. I have to admit I was a little disappointed and jealous of what my boyfriend got. My sister got me this massage as a gift, I wish she could get her money back.
I want the spa to do well, it's a block from home.  The pedicure room needs window coverings, it's too bright and not spa-like. The pedicures are great through. The massage rooms are too cold and light. Blankets should be warmed, candles should be used.  (at the risk of sounding obnoxious, can I say 'like at the ritz'?) People that work there are very nice and friendly.
I had a facial and loved it.  Very relaxing, my skin loved it!  For days my skin was so soft and well hydrated.  I went to Brittney and I think she did a great job.  I love getting facials and used to go somewhere else but not anymore.  This is my new found home for facials.  It already is for a massage so I might as well just move in now.
Finally found a salon that is open on Sundays!  Very nice place.  My favorite so far is the 30 minute Express Facial.   Didn't hurt that i enjoyed a mimosa while waiting.  Will be going back soon for more Skin Care services.
Nice facial.  Odd setup/facilities.  My suggestion: turn the GIANT bathroom into a proper locker room with benches, mirrors, counters to do hair, etc.  Throwing some lockers by the back door is just awkward.  Also-the sauna is never going to get used.  It's like sitting in a closet.  Take that space and put a proper sauna or steam room there.  I still don't know if there was a men's bathroom/locker area....felt like there wasn't but shouldn't there be?
"The Spa" ... I  must say at first I was very sceptical. The spa we usually use was booked referred us here, all the way across town.... Desperate we came(wife & I).... The couple massage was perfect, setting the mood to relax..& give me opportunity to romance my wife.... - I will say if you are like  me, I prefer deep deep, massages & like all massages vocally express what you are looking for .. After our massage we relaxed In one of there waiting rooms, drinking unlimited spirits.... The final touch, which drove me to write a review was the pedicure ... Don't hate nor will I describe my experience because the service & ambiance can't be described via words
I can not say enough positive things about this spa!!   I found the staff to be knowledgeable.  My 60min. facial was top notch.  my esthetician told me all about my skin and seemed to know what she was doing.  Hours later I feel great!!  Several of my friends have visited The Spa for various treatments and raved.  I now know what they are talking about.  I will surely recommend this spa to my friends.  I am getting married this weekend and I know my skin will be at its best!!
This place rocks! It is affordable, has great hours for us working girls, and everyone is so nice.  I have had massages, body wraps, pedi/mani, waxing, and fire cupping done there, all with top notch service and great results. You can't go wrong.
My twin sister lives in Orlando and is a regular here. I can see why! I went to the Spa while in town for a wedding so I could get a mani/pedi with my sister.  Diamond did a great job with my nails, and was very friendly and helpful. Also, you can't beat the glasses of champagne (or mimosas, etc) the lovely staff offers. I will definitely go back when I'm in town!
I purchased a voucher from Dealagio for The Spa, LLC in Orlando, Florida on June 10th, 2011, and attempted to redeem it yesterday. I was rudely told by the manager that my Dealagio voucher for membership to the half off club was not valid, as they had terminated their half off club and replaced it with a premium membership. I had already noticed this on the website, however, "The Half-Off club has been upgraded to match our new location, it is now our Premium Membership program." The Spa, LLC's website explained that the benefits of the half off club would be transferred over as part of a "Premium Membership." The manager repeatedly told me, I could not use the half off club as stated in the voucher. In addition to Dealagio voucher, I also had a Groupon voucher which I was told I could not use. While the staff acted extremely rudely, The Spa did not look like a relaxing atmosphere anyway. I would not recommend it to anyone, paying full price or not. It is not even worth the discounts offered online. The space is tiny, not relaxing, hot and it looked very dirty and unorganized. It was empty the entire time I was there, it seemed like the receptionist and the manager were the only employees.
Two stars... The aesthetician that I saw did an above average job on my facial. It wasn't the best facial nor was it bad. She deserves credit for not being too pushy with the products also.  If it wasn't for the business practices of the spa itself I would have no complaints and my facial would have received the 3.75 rating it deserved. That being said... BUYER BEWARE! I went in the day before leaving for my destination wedding and upon rushing out the door to the million and one other things I had on my mind, the mutually distracted receptionist mentioned that I may as well sign up as a member since "the cost would be the same as the service I was paying for." Nothing else was said and I signed what I thought was my receipt (ignorantly without thoroughly reading) and headed out the door.  The only benefit to this was discounted services until January and if i wanted to continue I would have to pay an additional $45 for the membership to continue being active. We moved to South Florida and so I obviously had no interest in regular services at The Spa. This was in October, since then I have been charged twice for a monthly subscription to a club I didn't intend to be a part of. I did not realize they would charge my card automatically and when asked for documentation they sent me a copy of a document that was not completely filled out, most importantly MY SIGNATURE verifying payment approval was blank. Someone had also filled in all of my address and card information which I am assuming came from my client contact card.  When we originally spoke my request was that they not charge my card for the upcoming April-June membership. Is not paying for a service I don't intend to use too much to ask? Apparently so.  I'm going to be frank, this feels like you are stealing from me. You are taking money without permission and without providing a service in return. Bad business! Shame... So sad to see such desperate and piss poor business practices in such a charming area of Orlando.
1/2 off club is awesome!!!  This is a great place to come to for a "fixer upper" for yourself.  Only caveat is that it is small and you can hear what is going on in other rooms.
Thomas is the best massage therapist I've ever had.  He is wonderful!!!! Everyone is very nice and welcoming, and hey---free drinks during your visit!!  I came to de-stress and enjoyed 2 mimosas and it was such a nice little bonus.
Ok, so I finally took them up on the owner's offer to give me a free service to try them out again (after a not so positive review that I posted).  I think this is very nice.  My car was supposed to be back from the shop before the day of my appointment, but it was not ready yet, so I got a ride to The Spa, and they were nice enough to give me a ride home.  They really try, the problem is they lack attention to detail.  The waiting room door keeps being opened and then it stays open, which was somewhat annoying (I know I am not explaining this well, but just trust me).  They knew I am a yelper, I got there on time, even with the car issue and getting dropped off and all.  And when I arrived, the room was still not ready for me, so they literally took another 10-15 minutes to "ready" the room for me.  I expected it to be immaculate, but when I walked in, I saw a stain on the sheets, a quite noticeable one.  If I were the owner I would have gone in that room before sending me back and checked every inch of the room to see that it was perfect.  It was not.  I did not say anything, no need, I know the sheets are straight out of the wash, but that doesn't change the fact that there still is a stain on them (but I knew they were washed, so I didn't want to be a pain),  You can still hear all the commotion outside, people talking, getting their nails done, etc and the massage was only marginally better.  I still won't go back, but I do appreciate them trying to win me back as a customer.  I still say, probably an ok place to get a manicure, but this is NOT a true spa, and shouldn't be called one.
I went to the spa once at the old location for happy hour and once for my birthday 12/3/12 at the new location. I will say the staff were very friendly and professional. I wanted to try the body wrap here since I thought I could get it for around $57 dollars. It turns out since I went to a happy hour before I could not get this service for half off. Instead I joined the half off club at the recommendation of an employee and so far that seems to be going well. Back to the body wrap. I am used to the body wrap where you are wrapped as a mummy tightly to sweat and detox etc. This one they rub mud on you and then cover you with plastic for 15 minutes, followed by a shower, and a rub down of oil. The skin treatment did give me soft skin. I feel like this treatment should be an add on to a massage not a treatment in itself because if it was not for me coming in an hour early and using the jacuzzi, sauna, the generous amounts of red wine, and the amazing customer service it would not be worth the regular price. Lucky for me I already had a facial, and massage for my birthday so this was an enhancement to build off those. I would also like to buy the enzyme mud for use at home. Overall, it is a great spa, awesome staff, and great service. I will be at happy hour 1/25/13 with a few friends ummmm chocolate!
I called and made an appointment for a manicure today 4 hours prior to the appointment time. Extreme circumstances at a doctor appointment this afternoon made me unable to make my manicure appointment. I called while still at the doctor's office to inform The Spa, that unfortunately I would be unable to keep my appointment. The employee on the phone stated that they had already granted me a grace appointment and I would be charged for the service. When I asked when this grace appointment was given it was from 2.5 years ago. I think this is completely ridiculous. I asked to speak to a manager and upon transfer was given a snarky attitude. When the manager came on the phone I explained that I was held up at a doctor's appointment and unfortunately could not make the appointment, I was retold about the grace appointment and that my only option was to come later, which was not an option for me. I then apologized for not being able to make it, and further explained that my reasoning for the doctor visit running late was a terrible traffic day (interstate closed) and that unfortunately made for a messy day. I explained that my doctor graciously took me later in the day knowing of the terrible traffic Central Florida had with I-4 shut down and the manager's reply was "well I guess you have a nice doctor". This response was completely unprofessional and frankly childish. She went on further by saying "I have someone here waiting", I explained the situation and again and, in my opinion, sometimes unavoidable things happen. She begrudgingly granted me another grace appointment. I found this interaction completely inappropriate and rude. I called as soon as I could and could not give 24 hours notice as I made the appointment the same day. There are too many salons and spas in this area for them to treat theirs like its a 5 star resort and use the phrase "grant a grace appointment". I hoped to be able to reschedule for the next day, but with the complete lack of compassion and customer service I will not be returning unfortunately.
