I visited Healing Revolutions in their gorgeous new location last week. (It is a home from the 1920's that has been totally renovated to be a spa, I asked!) I came in a bundle of nerves and stress and all that turned around for me starting the moment I walked in the door.  I was warmly greeted by CJ and Billie Sue and offered a spa robe and slippers.  After changing, Tammy was waiting to take me back to the facial room that overlooks Lake Orienta.  After Tammy asked me a few questions about what my desired result would be, she tucked me into a lightly heated table with soft sheets and blankets. While soothing music played in the background, Tammy explained the essential oils and products she was going to use.  I then drifted off into a state of relaxation I haven't felt in a very long time. She quietly whispered to explain certain things but mostly I was left to drift as she performed her magic. All of the products smelled and felt magnificent.  She even did a light hand and arm massage! When it was completed, she left me to take my time coming back into the world.  I changed back into my clothes and she was waiting to walk me back out to the reception room.  I went home a changed woman, and my face was positively glowing for several days after.  I told my husband from now on when he wants to buy me a gift certificate he can ONLY buy one from here.  I cannot WAIT until my next opportunity to visit Healing Revolutions.
Really enjoyed an exceptional visit here.  Britani was professional, knowledgeable and really listened to my questions.  I had a facial with microdermabrasion and the clay mask at the end was amazing- lavender and honey.  I also enjoyed the sample of peppermint tea she offered with a small bottle for me to try at home.  Will definitely be back and recommend to anyone looking for a relaxing experience.
These guys are wonderful! I would recommend Healing revolutions to any one . It is the total mind body health experience.
First, my massage with Cy was fantastic. He really listened prior to our session and catered my treatment specifically to my issue areas (yet somehow still fit the whole shebang in). Next, CJ and Cy are both incredibly knowledgeable in their fields, and CJ's suggestions as a nutritionist were incredibly helpful. It's no wonder they're the official massage therapists of Fitness Magazine. I will absolutely continue to go to Healing Revolutions. They're quite possibly the best massage therapists in Central Florida!
I first meet Cy and CJ over almost 2 years ago.  They are amazing people and they are everything they do is done to perfection.  They recently open the gorgeous new spa and wellness retreat ( I say retreat because that is exactly how you feel when you are there) in the heart of Altamonte Springs right on Lake Orienta.  The place is beautiful and over looks the lake. From the moment of your arrival, the relaxation begins.  You can choose from several types of message therapy, facial and body treatments and nutritional and wellness services.  In fact, CJ is a nutritionist and master herbalist and mixes and makes his own organic teas and the amazing potions used in the message, facial and body treatments.  Cy is easily the best message therapist I have ever encountered and he makes jewelry from natural crystals and stones that have healing properties.  You can purchase CJ's teas and Cy's jewelry at the spa.  I invite everyone to experience Healing Revolutions Wellness Spa and get to know Cy and CJ and Billie Sue, their wonderful spa manager.
As soon as you pull up to this location you will automatically feel relaxed and at ease! The location is right off of 436 ... It's a cute house sitting right on the lake. Cj and Brittany greeted me with big smiles, Brittany gave me a quick tour and made me one of Cj"s handcrafted teas while I filled out paperwork in the tea room! Having never really experienced a body treatment I wasn't sure what to expect and was a little nervous but really wanted to treat myself. Cy did an awesome body treatment on me followed by an amazing massage! Cy sat with me afterwards and explained some health options and advice to improve my well being. Next I went with Brittany for a facial with an breathtaking view of the lake. Brittany was super informative and sweet. She explained that each product was all natural and what it was good for. I loved the clay mask that was lavender and honey..Then the  peppermint oil was so refreshing! Brittany you made me feel like I made a new friend! :) I left feeling like brand new! This is a great place, with professional staff and so many different services to offer! I will definitely be back to treat myself again with Cy and Brittany! As well as send all my friends their way! THANK YOU!!  :)
Having just moved from California, I needed to find a new massage therapist. I actually had an appointment at a different place but they overbooked and turned me away. I immediately turned to Yelp to see what else was in the area and just hoped that I would be able to get a same day appointment. When I called Healing Revolutions, she asked when I wanted to come in. "How about now?" I headed over quickly. I love that the Spa is a house right off the water. It is just beautiful and peaceful-a place that starts to relax you as soon as you pull in to park. I was introduced to Juan who wound up being my knight in shining armor. I broke my back in a car accident about 8 years ago and i always have severe knots in my neck and shoulders to the point of migraines and nausea. In my life I have only found 3 people who know how to deal with this and Juan jumped straight to the top of my list. His hands are absolutely magical and I think I was drooling and in a euphoria mumbled something about marrying them...Ya he is really that good... Although I am not used to spending more than $30 on a massage, I wound up becoming a member. Juan is definitely worth it and I love that I can choose other services each month if I want - I am not limited to massage. I am also always looking forward to the different types of water I am served after - last time was lemon and mint I believe. If you are a fan of pure oils and teas - this is definitely a place for you!
I was fortunate enough to get an ART treatment from Clay today. I loved every minute of this treatment. Clay made sure that I knew what was going on and understood what what happening during the session. He made me feel very comfortable, also. This is the perfect treatment for people with issues that need to be worked out in a therapeutic manner. You wear work out clothes during the session; it's a cross between myofascial release & intense NMT and it last for only 30 minutes or so. And I like that Clay feels that most issues can get worked out in 3-4 treatments; he doesn't want people to have to keep coming back over & over again (unless they just really like the work). This is a beautiful place located on a beautiful shaded lot in Altamonte Springs. It's very easy to find, too. I'm a very visual person so it helped me relax when I was parking my car behind the building: the parking lot overlooks a lake so I was able to sit in my car for a minute and take some deep breaths with that in sight. I will absolutely refer every person I know that has past trauma to Clay for an ART session (Active Release Technique). I plan on checking out other treatments there as well!
The most amazing place I've been to I highly recommend Healing Revolutions wellness spa.
This place just keeps getting better! In addition to being the best massage therapists in town, they have the best dermabrasion, facials and waxing! Brittany Rogers is nothing short of amazing. I get compliments on my skin almost daily, and it's all thanks to her. Their body treatments are excellent as well (if a bit messy), and they now offer Active Release Tecnique ("ART") therapy for us weekend athletes - Clay can fix almost anything, I swear! I'm officially a Healing Revolutions junkie.
If you want serenity and treating yourself to a fantastic massage then this is a great place to visit.  The selection of services is very diverse along with supplementary wellness coaching.  There is an apothecary and tea room to help you internally which when coupled with massage is just what the doctor ordered.  I had a massage and an ART (Active Release Therapy) session.  The ART is good for smoothing and breakdown of myofacial tissue damage.  There is an extreme focus on your health and well being and the team that was helping me last week did a great job.  I will definitely go back to try some of the other services.
