My second time around here really made up for the first! Very clean, appointments were easily made, soothing music, great location. I booked an 20:30 couples massage with Aria & Erin and don't regret it. From the moment Aria laid hands on me, I knew we were meant to be. She worked on every knick, knot, anything she could find & I feel like a brand new! Ended my massage with hot towels & a nice cup of water. My friend had Erin & she was very pleased. She was so relaxed, she could hardly hold up her phone! Highly recommended, money well spent! Last clients they take are at 20:30 and if you've never been here, you have to fill out a form. Try to arrive 10 minutes before. Aria! You're the best.
Not a frequent massage recipient, on vacation.  Thank you fellow yelpers this place is a gem. My husband s n I walked in and we're immediately taken care of. Front desk gal was friendly and welcoming. Andy took great care of me, I swear his fingers are magical!!! In conclusion,  IF YOU NEED A GREAT MASSAGE COME HERE! !!
Super nice owner got us in for a couples massage within 30 minutes of calling. My wife and I agree the therapists knew how to attack the trouble spots we had and we both left feeling awesome. Star knocked off for not being consistent with the techniques applied (eg. massaging the left side of the back very differently than the right & not touching the my feet even though it was a full body). Nitpicky, you are right...Will return however and a fair deal with the Yelp promo they were running.
The deep tissue massage put me into a state of complete relaxation and happiness! I went in for a couples massage and Kim and Eboni were masterful and accommodating in their work. Highly recommend!
I LOVE this place. I have been looking for a massage area and have gone pretty much everywhere. This place is incredible and their staff is very knowledgeable. My massage was amazing and my swollen feet due to surgery was completely gone the next day. I felt the fluids coming out of my body and my muscles opening up. Incredible experience. So I incredible I signed up for their packages. This place is truly a perfect dime.
I just called this place and tried to book a massage. I asked if there were any promotions and the woman who answered, said "Uh, I need to call you back," and then hung up on me without getting my phone number or saying goodbye. Not sure what happened there, but based off of that first phone conversation, I won't be booking a massage here.
Had one of the better massages I've had at this place. Called on a Sunday evening for 3 appointments and accommodated us within 15 minutes. A bit out of the way from where we were staying, and a little sketchy seeming bc of the a-little-off-the-beaten-path strip mall location, but a pleasent, professional surprise. Nice girl working the front, seems to care a lot about the business. Recommend.
Fit both me and my husband in at the last minute. 2 wonderful and individually tailored massages! Excellent customer service!! Wish I lived in this area because I would come here frequently.
Excellent massage! The facility is super clean, and they were able to accommodate me as a walk-in. Five minutes into my massage, the neighboring business started doing some hammering. I didn't say anything, but the massage therapist took the initiative to move me across the hall, and started my time over from the beginning. Great service, and a fantastic massage. I went in with a migraine, and it was GONE when I left!
My husband and I went for a couples massage and it was just what we needed! Very relaxing and affordable. It was a nice treat during our weekend visit to Orlando.
Very clean and professional. I had a great massage from Erin. The girl at the front desk was very friendly and accommodating. I would highly recommend this place.
Awesome awesome awesome!!!! I needed a sports massage ASAP!!! They got me in right after work, no wait, Tina gave me an incredible stretch and massage!! Great prices and friendly service. This is my go to massage spot!!! Love you guys!!!
Had three days in the area and found them on yelp.  The massage itself was literally one of the best I have ever had and I'm a massage junkie. The only glitch was a scheduling issue, I had requested Aria and showed up 20 minutes early, filled out paperwork and was on table 10 minutes early.  10 minutes or so go by and the therapist show up but it's not Aria.  She goes away, the owner comes in, said Aria on the way.  Aria finally came after I was on the table -chilling - but it was 40 minutes.   In hindsight I should have asked for some extra time as a compensation for my wait.....a bit frustrating, but.... The massage itself was A plus, great attitude, the room was comfortable .  Aria was not afraid to hit the gluteus, which as a runner, are an issue. In summary I'll be back - would love to give 5 stars - the owner thanked me for being so understanding but something .. $20 of a future massage..whatever - would have been the right thing to do.
My first full massage ever and it was the best. GO SEE ERIN!!!! This place is new, clean, and relaxing.  They have deals that are about a dollar a minute.  I did a combo massage and was practically drooling.  Next time I am in town. I am coming here.
We wanted a massage and headed to yelp for assistance.  Thankfully, it did not disappoint.  This spot is top notch and very professional with their services.  They are not like many of the massage places where an hour actually means closer to 50 minutes.  I looked at the clock and it was pretty much an hour.  I would only say that booking an appointment with a masseuse doesn't mean very much, it depends on who's available that day.
Rarely do I ever find a hotel that accomodates my back. Had a terrible kink after a 4 hour drive and a standard hotel-nights-sleep. Figured I'd get a massage to unkink. Lotus Blossom was closest and also had 5 Yelp stars so I walked in and got serviced right away. Note: As far as I can tell, this is a legitimate business. I didn't try any funny business and was offered none either. I almost took a star or 2 off for that lol Nice relaxing Massage. 1 Hour Swedish. When I asked her to work on the tight spot a few minutes she got that kink out. The rest was just an hour of nice conversation and relaxing professional massage. She laughed at my jokes so that was a plus. Owner had a special going on with 15 % off for August. I decided not to say that I would pay more for 50% or 100% off. I needed to stay out of trouble. But I had a nice full hour for $55. Hek-uv-uh-deel Credit cards accepted but I tipped cash.
It was a great massage! I Had the body scrub and I enjoyed it a lot!! Thank you! Much needed after a 3 day Zumba Convention!! They booked me and my husband in on the same day we called. Only thing I may recommend is offering water or tea to drink afterwards and maybe towel or face mask when laying on the back during massage! But was still great!
I booked an appointment today at 7am for a 10 am massage online. A few minutes later I had a confirmation email. It was so convenient!  The spa is about a 20 minutes from the Disney resort complex and well worth the drive. At the front desk I was greeted and taken to my treatment room less than 10 minutes after arriving. The spa is very clean and the treatment rooms are all very spacious. Aria, my therapist for today, gave me the best 90 min deep tissue massage ever. It included deep stretches, trigger point work and some Thai massage moves. Too bad I live in PA or I would be a regular client. I have been a massage therapist for eight years and am licensed in NY, NJ and PA. If you are in need of an excellent quality massage book her ASAP! Your body will thank you!!
This was a great massage in a super calming atmosphere. I had Michelle. She was very attentive and asked if the pressure was alright. Other than that it was a silent hour long massage, which is exactly how it should be. I used the deal on yelp and it was only $60. If I lived in Orlando I would go all the time
Had a 90 minute massage special this morning while on vacation here.  Plan on making another appointment before I leave. All went well and on schedule.
Absolutely wonderful massage. I got a 90 min deep tissue massage from Dennis. Very relaxing, good deep pressure. Highly recommend both Dennis & Lotus Blossom. Good atmosphere, clean and relaxing.
Great massage! Love the Early bird special and the fact that my massage was for the full hour. My massage therapist did a great job, very thorough and asked all the right questions. I'm definately coming back here!!
I had an excellent deep tissue massage by Erin. She really put effort into the massage. I had been there last November when I also had an excellent massage. Massage good value especially if you mention yelp. Very clean place. Convenient  to Ritz and JW Marriott. Much better value than the hotel spas. I definitely plan on getting another next time I am in Orlando.
I was in Florida and needed a massage badly. I liked their online offerings and choose the hybrid accupressure-reflexology massage and salt scrub. I lucked out and got Delilah. She is blessed with healing hands.  I caved in and did a 90-minute massage. I thought it would be too long and wow, I was so wrong. Where did the time go? 5-stars for the excellent staff and service.
Excellent massage therapy - I didn't realize how much I needed this!
Wakemah has the strongest hands in Orlando! Good massage helped my trouble areas in the upper back and neck. Would recommend her highly.
Had back pain after theme park rides, but Ed Lin fixed me right up with a 30 minute massage.
After running the Walt Disney World Marathon my wife and I needed a good sports massage but we did not want to pay the big $$$ that the local resort spas were asking.  We booked the early morning $49 1 hour special at the Lotus Blossom and it was amazing. The staff were excellent and the massage 1st class. Highly recommended.
I loved this place! Here for a vacation,  my husband and I were able to get an appointment pretty quickly. Everyone was professional and the massage was exceptionally fantastic. I'd definitely return here when I'm back in orlando!
I came orlando for vocation. I'm so tired after the flight, my therapist Dalila fixed me very well. This place is clean and professional, and everyone is friendly. It is great place to go!!!!
Amazing massage! I wanted to start my vacation in a relaxing way and this place surely delivered. Sandra was great, I'd love to see her again soon! :0)
Came from NJ to Orlando for my kids' spring break,  and needed therapeutic massage for my back, butt and thighs.   Lotus Blossom Massage was new, very clean, extremely courteous, owner Wayne was very welcoming, and I felt very relaxed. Suri provided a good combination of penetrating deep tissue work and relaxing touch, listened well, and was appropriately communicative.   Only negative was that the room was too cool.   Not a bargain like Massage Envy, but Lotus Blossom is a more holistically healing place to receive massage and a fair value for money.  I felt much better and made another appointment. Conveniently located on S John Young Pkwy at W Taft Vineland Rd.
Ah-mazing! Holy crap. 90 minute + acupressure massage w wakemah = a new and refreshed me.  A vacation is not one til you come here.  Super clean, professional, and spacious.  They have a variety of services.  We came w a group of 4 and they were able to accommodate us easy.  Everyone here was good.  They have an early bird special if you come before noon
Liz was awesome! I loved it so much! The place was very comfortable and clean!!! I'll definitely come back for more!!!
After three days of park hopping with the family, I was so happy to find Lotus on the one rainy day of our vacation.  Super friendly and accommodating.  Thanks for getting me back in shape and ready for day four!
My boyfriend and I went here for a couples massage for our anniversary and had a bad experience. We arrived early but because it took the massage therapists a while to get started we did not get the full hour we paid for. Staff was unprofessional. Overall massage felt as if not done by trained massage therapists. Wish I had gone to a different company. Was not worth the money here.
For the price of one massage at the Ritz, my wife and I each had a 1 hour massage. I had Kim and the wife had Vicky. Both are licensed and Kim has been working for over four years. I've been getting massages for twenty years and this was right up there with the best of them.
Best massage I've had in the Orlando area. My therapist, Sue, was very good and professional.  The place was clean and well kept.  We got the worth of what we paid for.  At other places, an hour massage is actually just 45 mins because they count your prep time too.  At Lotus Blossom, you get your full hour of massage.  We are definitely coming back! :)
This is a small massage spa but 1 1/2 hour swedish deep tissue massage with Sue was fantastic.  I came feeling tight, tense, and sore and left feeling rejuvinated and relieved.  I'm a member at massage envy in California and I wish half my therapists there were as thorough and passionate about giving massages.
