I'm very conscious about the toxins in cosmetic products. I never go to spas but I occasionally research places that provide massages and facials but also focus on natural health. When I found the Salt Room and saw all of the good reviews, I decided I wanted to treat my mom to a Mother's Day relaxation gift. She works hard and never gets any time off. She insisted I get a massage as well and brought my dad to get an accupuncture consultation. Both of us got the raindrop massage with Gabrielle and my father got the initial consultation. The raindrop massage is conducted in a salt room (the walls are made of sea salt) I had bad allergies that morning and generally suffer from insomnia and anxiety. I work the second shift at a crisis hotline and have a hard time unwinding at night and waking up in the morning due to my schedule. I usually wake up at 1p for work at 2p! Last night, I slept like a BABY and my sinuses are clear. I set my alarm for 8:30a and again for 9:30a (doubting I'd get up because I never do) and I was up at 7:30a this morning from an amazingly restful sleep. My mom feels great too. The accupuncture doctor took the time to not only talk to my dad about diabetes management and nutrition, but also took a good hour or so to explain the same concepts to my mother and I while he was getting treatment. The staff at this facility is so helpful and warm. My family is thinking of getting a monthly membership. It can be pricey. My parents are probably going to help pay for the membership. If you can afford it though, wellness is a great investment to make in yourself! You may even reduce the cost of doctor's visits and prescription medications if you take care of yourself through proper diet, sleep, and self-care! I highly recommend the Salt Room and will be going back when I am able.
I was in desperate need of a deep tissue massage and wanted to try a new massage place. Some friends have visited the salt room for yoga before and had good things to say so I decided to give it a chance for a massage. My visit started with a tour of the facility and an explanation of the purpose of the salt. My masseuse carefully reviewed my questionnaire prior to the service and make sure my areas of concern were clear to her. The massage room, as well as the other rooms are pumped with salt air while you are getting your particular service. It was great to have your sinuses cleared as well as the massage. As for the massage, it was very effective. My masseuse concentrated on areas specified and even found tight areas that I didn't even know were tight. She gave me an amazing arm stretch as well. I briefly told her about my occasional migraines. I addition to working areas to relieve the tension, she gave me tips to prevent them in the future. Overall it was a great visit. I will not only be back for a massage, but I will probably schedule a facial sometime in the future.
The answer to all my problems! I suffer from allergies really bad...So i have been coming to the salt room. I have the monthly membership which allows me to go all the time. This place has really saved my nose and my head from congestion and HELL. For those who have respiratory/allergy problems and can't find help anywhere else (I've tried all the allergy meds.....and NONE work anymore.....i was a lost cause...next step would have been surgery-and that i did not want to do) this is the place to come! Bring a book or iPad(put it in a ziploc bag so the salt doesn't get on it) and just hang out or even nap for an hour...it will really help.
As the Rolling Stones said: "Lets drink to the hard working people/Lets drink to the salt of the earth" and I think Mick and Kieth would love the Salt Room, now that they are old, well-preserved, and need to take care of their health to do one more world tour. Cannot rave enough about how amazing this facility and the team here is. The obvious: + Stars - Healing.  I have terrible suffering from allergies when visiting my family and if I make it here 3x a week, no problems AT ALL without meds. + Stars - Lovely place.  Clean, modern, nice nice nice.  I always feel like everything is held to a hygienic standard like I would if it were my own. + Stars - Nap! Great place to take a nice little nap.  Perfect. + Stars - Parking is a breeze! Not so obvious: + Stars - Good value.  It seems expensive, but how about the benefits to one's health? Priceless. + Stars - Great retail.  Small selection, but all well chosen and appropriate.  The candles, the salt scrub, the kids' products.  Great choices. + Stars - Service.  I had a massage and it was not to my liking (just a personal thing for me - everyone has their own taste in massage).  I wasn't even going to mention it, but when I was asked, it was followed up with... a new massage! Wow.  I was blown away. Ashley the owner is brilliant in her customer service and all her staff are sweet and helpful.  The service here is a compliment to the health benefits!
Wow! I was watching all the amazing reviews pop up for this place on Yelp and then I was chatting with my hair stylist and she was raving too. Of course, I waited till I was getting sick to go for the 45 minute Salt Room session but I am so glad I did. I wasn't even sure of all the benefits of Salt Room therapy or halotherapy so I did some research and it really speaks to so many things for me, breathing, ears, throat and skin. I called and set up an appointment the same day. I called at 9am and had a 10:30 seating. Each room holds up to 6 people and on the day I went it was full. So much hustle and bustle in each room and the waiting room. On your first visit you get a tour and walked through the process. In the salt room, every wall surface, including the floor & ceiling, is covered with natural rock salt to create a sterilized and negative ion environment.  The Salt Room also uses the newest top-of-the-line halogenerators to crush pharmaceutical grade salt into small particles for inhalation creating the microclimate. So you basically sit in the relaxing chairs and lay back, relax and just breathe. It asks that you don't bring any electronics into the room so I refrained but the lady next to me was reading from her iPad (it was in a plastic bag tho to keep it safe). So next time I will bring my earphones. There is some slight background music but I would like my own. I actually fell asleep I was so relaxed on my first visit. I also learned of their other offerings and signed up for an all natural facial, can't wait! The staff was so welcoming and nice and will answer any questions you have. It also appears that a few women who attend will also answer any questions, there are various regulars there!
A couple of days ago I was battling it out with a sinus infection. It just so happens when you are allergic to a million things it is inevitable to avoid. Let me tell you how it went: Round 1-  The sinus infection showed no mercy while giving me a stuffy nose, headache, fever, along with non stop sneezing. Boo! Round 2- I called Salt Room Halotherapy to make an appt the next business day. Yes this place has a room covered completely in salt so you can win in any battle with a stuffy nose. Since it was my first time the optimistic staff cheered me on and reassured me this room works wonders. In the following link you can view what the salt room looks like: saltroomorlando.com/orla… You can wear whatever you want in the room but they have a special cover for your feet since the floor is even salted. You pick your own lounge chair and sit with about 6 people. I couldn't help to think while sitting down that this room looks like it has a bit of sci-fi feel to it so I entertained myself for 45 mins just looking around. They had magazines and tissues in this room for customers who are seeking other forms of entertainment. That's all you need really since the room does the rest of the job. After the 45 minutes of the session my sinus infection was eliminated. Alas I had clear nasal passages to claim my glory. Salt therapy is effective for all the stuffy nose sufferers!
Salt rooms.. Who knew? I was given a coupon for a free trial. I was fighting a cold and my yoga teacher thought this would be helpful for me. I called and made an appointment for later that day.  Because it was quick, I didn't prep myself by reading other's reviews.  I didn't really know what to expect. I was greeted and given some papers to fill out - pretty standard. Then I was given a tour. They have two salt rooms for adults and one for children. Plus some massage and acupuncture rooms. I didn't realize that you would be in the rooms with other people. There were 7 of us. I opted to get a blanket and pillow. Great call. It was a little chilly with the salt air venting through. I wish I had brought my own book. But they had some magazines there. Got to caught up with Oprah. I closed my eyes for a while too. Because I had a cold, I was that jackass who was sneezing the whole time - Sorry other people. But by the end, my right side was pretty clear. The left side was still congested but better. I got into my car and had a complete sneezing fit. After that, I felt great. I think it helped over all. The next day, I was congested in the morning but blew my nose a couple times and felt better. I can definitely see why this would be helpful for people - especially going multiple times. The downside to places like this is that I'm poor. I probably wouldn't have gone without the coupon. $45 dollars is a lot for this. The packages made it less expensive per session but it was a lot to shell out all at once. Moral of the story: I can't wait til I'm rich and I'll be hitting this place up all the time.
Having sinus issues?  Give The Salt Room a try!  After battling the lingering effects of a combination of sinus infection and bronchitis for two months, I finally decided to give it a go. I was warmly greeted at th reception desk and given a very informative overview of what to expect.  Once the introduction and tour were complete, I put on some booties and made my way into the salt room (yes, it is completely covered in salt - floor to ceiling) and sat down in one of several gravity chairs.  I picked up a Yoga Journal Mag and quickly hit a state of relaxation while the salt was lightly sprayed through the air. Its amazing just how clean clean can smell.  On occasion I licked my lips and I could taste the little bit of salt that was resting on them.  Reminded me of my many days spent at the beach over the years. The service is a little pricey, but if you are having a nagging issue - it just might be worth it. I have seen them advertise deeply discounted services through Living Social or Groupon in the past, so keep your eyes open for those if the price is what is keeping you away. Side note: they offer some other spa type services as well as yoga classes.
Earlier this week I was having some sinus issues that I just couldn't shake. So, I decided to give The Salt Room a shot since it has such great reviews. I'm not sure if I just had some crazy expectations of what The Salt Room would do for me, but I didn't get a lot of relief. It did clear up a little bit of my congestion but not enough to where I think it's worth the $45/session. I will say that it's a lovely environment. The staff is super nice and they take you through the entire building and talk to you about their services and even give you breathing techniques! They have a great little store in the front by the registers with items that you can buy related to their services but they also sell some gorgeous jewelry too. I'm not sure I'd hit up The Salt Room again for the actual salt room services but I definitely might come here again and check out their other services as well as pick up some jewelry. :)
I gifted myself a birthday present by coming here on a friends recommend.  I will defintely will return.  Thanks for the great service.
My wife and I celebrated our 19th wedding anniversary with a couple's massage at The Salt Room.  If you can spare the time and the cash, I'm here to tell you it's totally worth it.  Annette and Gabrielle were our masseuses and they were amazing.  The massage was both therapeutic and pleasant.  The environment is very relaxing and the salt vapor in the air had a medicinal effect on my respiratory system.  Highly recommended!
I wanted to update my review  since we are in the middle of allergy season. Pollen is everywhere and most people I know are sneezing, coughing and suffering.  I have been going to The Salt Room since November and I am not suffering this year.  The Salt Room has changed my life, so Thanks for bringing this to Central Florida.
So for pretty much my entire life I have suffered from terrible allergies.  The kind where I sneeze thirty seven times in a row, sinuses feel like they are packed with concrete, and my eyes itch so badly I can't wear my contacts without wanting to tear my eyes out.  I've managed it with various medications and neti pot type solutions, which kind of gets the job done but at the expense of knowing I have 10-12 hours before I have to repeat the process or everything goes to hell again.       After a particularly bad night, my wife made me an appointment at The Salt Room.  I'd driven past there numerous times and drove past just as quickly.  I didn't really know what they did, and I never took the time to find out.  Well, I know now that I suffered needlessly by never looking into it.  I've had one session and I will absolutely be back soon.  Since that first session, I have not had to take any of my usual medicines short of a neti pot.  I feel better, I can sleep, I'm not nearly as grumpy from the lack of sleep and constant allergy attacks.  I just all around feel better.    A little about the process for those who have never been.  The staff is very friendly and they will give you a tour of the facility when you arrive, but for your first session arrive fifteen minutes prior to accommodate filling out some paperwork and taking the tour.  I was told they have three rooms, I was shown the children's room and my session took place in the general salt room.  It is literally that, a room where the floors, walls and ceiling are covered in heavy duty salt.  There were about 6 beach chairs set up in there, soothing lighting, and new age music playing.  When the session starts a machine grinds medical grade salt to a microscopically small degree and disperses it through the air so you are breathing it in through the course of the 45 minute session.  I was lucky enough to be the only one in the room when I had my session, so they turned down the lights for me and I took a nap for the length of it.     They have lockers to store you personal effects in since you can't bring in electronics into the room .  There is a variety of books and magazines if you feel like reading, but I would suggest bringing your own to make sure you are pleased with the selection.  Tissues are available in the room since I was warned that running noses, watering eyes, etc. can be common for some people.  I didn't wind up needing them.  A single session currently costs $45, but there are packages available as well as other spa treatments.  My only negative of note, and I must stress it is a minor one given the success of the treatment, is that the machine grinding the salt is somewhat loud.  Just forewarning people of that so they are not taken by surprise, but all in all very much worth it.  Salt Room I will be back!
Great place for a massage. Had a couples massage in a salt room. It was very relaxing and fancy. I had a very good massage and my masseuse was very conscientious of what I wanted. Overall a lovely experience and one I would recommend to others.
I recently traveled to The Salt Room from Milwaukee, WI to meet the spa's owner and enjoy the salt spa through a yoga class, 2 massages and 2 relaxing breathing sessions. I had a total of 5 sessions in 3 days. I was diagnosed with a rare lung disease in 2009. Since then, I have committed to 5-7 yoga classes per week, acupuncture, massage, becoming gluten-free, and breathing a ceramic salt inhaler. I knew the salt room was right up my alley. I loved it, feel great, and really wish we had one in Milwaukee. Salt air is wonderful for all kinds odd disorders. I recommend TSR for any individual! Thank you TSR, Mary
I've been here a couple of times & I thought about opening a salt room franchise but I think it'll be too much work for me!!  It's a great premise & I do feel better.  I can actually smell and taste better.  (That's saying a lot in my case)  But it doesn't last forever so I shall be content to visit.  Right now, gift cards are 10% off so I'll get some.  They also have cool salt related gift items including Himalayan salt lamps, scrubs, and assorted salt trivets or cutting boards (they look like marble).  I'm a sucker for weird stuff, I know.
Had a terrific facial with Annette.  Best facial I've ever had - she is also a licensed massage therapist which only added to the high quality of the facial.  Products worked well on my sensitive skin.  I will definitely go back.
foot massage is very good and quite place.
