Went here for the first time and was very pleased with my service from Gabe. I highly recommend him for massage-- quite terrific! Great atmosphere and very reasonable prices for what you get. It wasn't hard to decide to sign up for my next appointment after such great service!
I have been going to this location for about a year now and finally found two therapists that are amazing!  Karli is their esthetician and she was not only very sweet but extrememly knowledgeable and my skin looked amazing when I left and still does!  Gives great advice with no pressure to buy products.  Casey was my massage therapist and she was so great - just right pressure and very nice as well.  I will be booking all of my future appointments with the two of them, they are keepers for sure!
Everyone here is super nice. I had only had a massage one other time before I started getting them monthly at H&S so I was kind of nervous in the beginning, now I'm an old pro. After my last massage I texted my husband and told him signing us up for the monthly thing was probably one of his best ideas.
I was introduced to H&S by a neighbor who invited me to one of their introductory spa parties.  I signed up for a year membership and have been very pleased. If you don't want to sign up for the membership, you may purchase services ala carte. If you get a massage or facial every month or so, think about the membership. I usually alternate between facials and massages. I've enjoyed the hot stone massage, which is very worth the up-charge. I've sent my husband here for sports massages and he was very pleased. (He's a sports medicine guy, so he should know.) The facials are nice and I have yet to get that "sell" push for a bunch of products that I "need"- which is very nice. They offer all of the products used in their services for sale, so if you find something you love you can pick it up. Members get a discount on all purchases. If you cannot use your month service, they will bank them indefinitely so I felt the membership was pretty "risk free". Every month or every other month, there is a free upgrade emailed to you. So far, I've received foot scrubs (awesome), aromatherapy (very nice, choice of scents) and a pumpkin mask around the holidays. All of the staff that I have received services from or checked in by have been very nice. You receive complimentary bottled water upon checking in and/or after a massage. Nice little extra. The lobby is comfortable and the spa suites are very tranquil. The location is great, I usually end up hitting Publix that is located next door after a service. :)
I used to be a massage therapist and have had lots of massages. So take it from me that this place is very much worth the membership price! I really enjoyed my massages here with Delroy and Corlissa. Very relaxing. I've had massage at Massage Envy before and was just never impressed, and the environment felt kind of stale, controlled, and corporate. This place offers a much better service for the same price. The front desk staff are always top-notch professional, courteous, and friendly. The facility is always clean and smells fresh (or at least neutral...never stinky). Everything about the experience is relaxing. I just had a massage there the other day and my neck feels so much less tense. There is one dual-table room, meaning if you want to have a couples massage in the same room, you can - for no additional charge on top of the price for each treatment. Also, they offer decently priced hot stone massage. And the membership has lots of perks and upgrade options if you want to change things up once in a while. Highly recommended!
Everyone is so friendly & helpful. Definitely love the massages especially the deep tissue. This is the first place around Orlando that I actually like & it's inexpensive. Well worth it to be a member.
Great place to treat yourself on the regular. Clean, friendly, smells good, relaxing music and a great massage.
I got my first ever massage here and it was amazing! They offer an introductory offer of $40 for a 50 minute massage.  If you like it, you can get a membership for $50/month which gets you a 50 minute massage or facial once a month. I've tried the relaxation massage, hot stone massage, and facials here and I was happy with all of them.
Got a great massage here.  Nothing special but the place is new and everything is clean and nice.
I came here with a friend for one of their introductory massages.  The place was comfortable and clean.  The massage started a few minutes late, but the therapist went a few minutes longer to make up for the time. My friend also came in with a Spa Finder gift card, so it was nice that they accepted those. They consistently have deals if you sign up for their email program on massages, facials, and gift cards.
I am visiting here I drove by this place random beside Publix! W0W so glad I did what a GEM & Ami is the BEST! I had a deep tissue & LOVED iT so much I am booking another one before I go!
Wife joined here and isn't good about getting her massages regularly, so I get to use some. Nice they let you do that. If you request they have people that can to a sports massage, which is great and works the kinks out. Painful at times, but great. Have been very happy with each therapist I have had over the years, 50 minute is good but 80 minutes really is nice if you have problem areas. Most can talk shop, which is nice since I'm a sports medicine grad and undergrad.
I couldn't get an appointment with my regular girl so I tried a new one recommended.   I am in so much pain.  I like a deep pressure, but not on my spine! When I asked her to lighten up, she just laughed.   If you get an appointment with Amy, run.    I will not be going back to her.  OUCH!!
A great way to end a stressful week. Very relaxing, calm and soothing!
