We each had 50-minute customized introductory facials at Woodhouse. Our aestheticians, Ashley and Krystle, were each excellent and clearly know their stuff! The entire experience was relaxing, nurturing and comfortable from start to finish. The receptionist (Allison?) was helpful and friendly. We each received good skin care advice. Facials were done fully reclined on a massage table, and included light neck, shoulder and hand massage that makes a good facial top notch! There was NO push to buy products as we were evaluated and treated during our appts, just a small bag with one suggested product each was offered during our checkout. However, the choice to buy or not was left comfortably in our hands. The facility was spotless and smelled great. We would definitely return to Woodhouse and might try other of their services as well. Woodhouse is a standalone not located inside a hotel. A bit difficult to locate within its commercial complex. Well worth trying!
Can you say AWESOME?  I took my mother in law for a late birthday surprise & they were running a tickled pink special for the month of October.  This was perfect as she is a breast cancer survivor, so it really made this extra special.   We arrived & were greeted promptly & professionally.  We were given a tour & shown where to change & where to relax before our massages started.  Our massage therapists were great.  The ambiance was perfect. My only negative (if you can even call it that) was that we were booked to be in the same room,  but I had specifically requested separate rooms.  They very quickly apologized & got us situated in different rooms.  Great customer service!  Also the free hand lotions they were giving away with the tickled pink package they forgot to give us.  So I called & they apoligized & are mailing them to me!!!  Excellent customer service & I will definitely be back!!! There's a reason why this place is so highly rated!!! Definitely a must if visiting or living in Orlando.
Went to the Woodhouse Day Spa for the first time today.  The booking process was super simple... I booked my appointment(s) online and confirmed them the same way. I had an 80 minute Deep Tissue massage and a clarifying facial (50 minute).  I didn't keep time so I can't comment on how close they were to those. Pros: Professional and talented staff Clean, relaxing environment Smells totally awesome Tea/Water/Snacks while you wait Cons: Some rooms are noisier than others - my facial room was near a high-traffic area and the rooms are not sound-proof.  Lots of talking, slamming doors, etc. All in all, it was wonderful.  I was treated, so it was paid for by a family member but it was a little on the expensive side and I'm not sure how often I'll be able to return on my own.
Came here for a $110 50 min deep tissue massage. This is a beautiful day spa with a great ambiance; however, I was disappointed with my massage. I am no virgin to massages; I've been getting weekly massages for the past 2 yrs and I know deep tissue. I judge a good masseuse by the amount of knots she/he can knead out. Since I get them weekly, I know the tension isn't extreme and unable to be worked out. So, when I got my massage and I only had a few knots popped, I was really disappointed. I did not leave satisfied. I also dislike how hard they try to push their services and products on you. Too pushy. I came here to relax. If I want to know a product used or set up another appointment I will do that on my own. My cousin also got her massage at the same time and she agrees she will not be back either.
I've been to this Spa several times. I feel that each time I come in for a service, it only gets better! It's a good feeling walking into a place where one is greeted warmly by the staff, on a more personal level. The rooms are very clean and completely relaxing with staff that's surely professional! I've had the Swedish massage on several occasions, customized facials and the marvelous hot  stone pedicure!
I LOVE this place! Have been going to the Woodhouse Day Spa in Orlando for almost a year now and it  never disapoints. Such a great atmosphere! The place is beautiful with such a pleasant and relaxing feel and everyone is super professional.   I book my facials with Ashley and she is wonderful - the best facials I have ever had.  I have also had Kenya for massage and she was fabulous as well.  I would recommend them both.  The rooms are beautifully appointed and I am transported to a place of tranquility when I am there.  The only drawback is that it is pricey so I can't go as often as I would like but I never regret  what I have spent there for services.  Looking forward to the next visit already...
All I can say is WOW.  I've had quite a few facials at different places I go.  The Woodhouse though was placed on my "Absolute Favorite" list!  From the moment you step into the door you feel relaxed.  The staff is wonderful and very accommodating.  Crystal is the one who did my facial and I highly recommend her.   I can't wait to come back to Orlando... But it's not for the theme parks...it's to get the "works" done at this fabulous place!
I would have given it a 5 stars if the price wasn't not high. But definitely worth it, service was great, very professional.
I celebrated my 60th Birthday with my two daughter in laws and a great friend on Saturday.  I was treated to a facial (my first time) and a manicure.   Ashley gave me my first facial.  She was so kind and understanding so therefore I had an amazing first experience.   The staff was kind and courteous and the day was so relaxing.   Lunch at a nearby Italian restaurant was great.
I had an 80 minute deep tissue massage and a classic facial.  Kenya is an amazing massage therapist and really worked the areas I was having issues with.  Highly recommend her.  The facial was average, nothing special.  The facility is one of the nicer ones I've been to in Orlando.  Very relaxing and the staff was friendly and courteous throughout the entire visit.  Definitely will be back.
I would like to add to my review that after I had this bad experience, I emailed the spa manager, as well as the corporate office and no one ever got back to me.  This place is a joke.
Treated my husband to a birthday massage here:-) loved it! Ask for Kenya, she gives an awesome massage!
For Valentine's Day, my husband purchased a gift certificate for me to get a 50-minute hot stone massage, and I finally had a chance to use it this weekend. I've been here a couple of times before, but this was my first visit in about a year. This place always has such excellent service, and the hot stone massage is by far my favorite of all of the treatments I've had done. Casey was my massage therapist on my latest visit, and she did a wonderful job. If you want a relaxing spa day, I highly recommend Woodhouse. It's a little pricey, but you won't regret it.
Let me first start off by saying the overall curb appeal and location is prime for visitors like myself who are looking to escape but not go to far away from home. However, the staff was a little standoffish and awkward, not really approachable or excited to welcome a new customer like myself. A staff member did welcome me with a glass of water, however, which was nice. The waiting room and facility is clean and organized. I didn't have to wait very long for my appointment and was shortly taken to a room to change into slippers and a robe, however after changing I felt a little lost as to where to go from there. I waited for the staff member to return but she didn't. I eventually let myself out and proceeded to the waiting room. Funny enough, as I walked into the waiting room, I recognized the same wandering faces as my own as other unsure customers settled behind me. The massage was not all that relaxing not because of technique but more so because she wouldn't stop talking. I don't know about you but massage therapy 'talk' should be limited to, "does this hurt"? definitely not your future goals and life story. This was not very relaxing to say the least. The sauna was extremely small and could only fit two people at most. This was extremely uncomfortable as it was situated in the same room as the restrooms and not very private at all. Needless to say, I won't be coming back here. It was too bad because, "they had me at Dr. Phillips".
My best friend and I went this past weekend and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We got a last minute appointment for Swedish massages and  we felt pampered and relaxed the entire time. Very clean, organized and smells amazing and the big relaxation room at the front is absolute perfection. My massage was the best I have had in years maybe even beating out the one I got in costa rica!  I look forward to going back and maybe even visiting some of their other locations on my travels. :) my only note is the location/parking. It took us a bit to find because we turned into the shopping area before seeing the actual spa sign so we didn't know where it was and parking in the garage we found ourselves a little turned around. I suggest giving yourselves a few extra minutes to find it (next to the big fin restaurant).  ;-)
Enjoyed a day here with the girls this past weekend. The atmosphere is very nice, calming and tranquil. Spa services were nice, our party enjoyed a private sitting room, complimentary champagne, mimosa's and tea as we booked as a group. Join their email list for booking incentives.
Great atmosphere, very calm and tranquil.  My massage therapist, Joy, is a very talented masseuse!  I recommend the reflexology and back/neck/shoulder massage.  My friend had a facial, her skin was glowing afterwards.
I purchased the spa classic package. This place is phenomenal! It will put any over priced hotel spa to shame. I will be back!
i love this spa. truly a real day spa!!!!
I just picked up a gift card for my mom for mother's day. Very nice and helpful people. They even gave me an extra $20 bonus card that I can give to my girlfriend.
My fiancé and I decided to get massages while we were visiting Orlando due to a raining day. We found the Woodhouse Day Spa on yelp and loved it!! We called last minute and they were able to accommodate us.  The spa is so inviting and relaxing. We both got a deep tissue. Ask for Kenya or Daisy. Both were super professional and knew there craft. We will definitely use them again in our future trips to Orlando.
My husband bought me a gift certificate for Woodhouse as a birthday gift, and I booked a brightening facial with Danielle. I just love the atmosphere and decor of this spa, and the fluffy robes they provide are so heavenly I didn't want to take mine off at the end. Everything was clean and luxurious from the changing/bath rooms to the linens on the massage tables. I enjoyed chatting with Danielle during my facial, she was super sweet and easy to talk to, and answered a ton of my questions. I loved the little neck/shoulder massage I got while waiting between different treatments on my face; every bit of the facial was super relaxing, and my skin felt fantastic after. Danielle did mention a few times that they had products that might interest me, but I didn't feel like she was pushy AT ALL, and I ended up declining them at checkout with no issue from the staff. After my facial I did spend a few minutes in the tea room, which added to my feeling of pampering with the pretty little tea cups etc. I like that there was somewhere for me to relax for a bit, other spas that I have been to basically kick you out after your service is done. Overall, I highly recommend this spa and I can't wait to go back!
