Terrific!! No words to describe what a pleasant experience I've just had at this salon. My nail tech was a little on the quiet and serious side but it just gave me time to relax and appreciate the cleanliness of the spa, the friendliness of the owner, and the detailed work they do. I'm definitely becoming a regular here and would recommended anyone and everyone to come here. It's a gorgeous spa and it's very well priced!
Okay, so to be fair I have tried this salon out twice. The first time, the man - probably the owner, took me back to the pedicure chair and I sat there for 30 minutes. If someone would have told me how long I would have waited I probably would have left. The pedicure was ehh, learned the life story of one of their techs - I go to nail salons to relax. Now the last time I went, the exact same thing happened, no time estimate and then just a mediocre pedicure and manicure. The lady seemed so annoyed that I knew exactly what I wanted. My pedicure chipped the day after I got it. Needless to say, I probably won't go back for a third time.
I used to love it here. Although it was a little pricey, I felt that location, service and staff were great. Now, after the last few times I've gone, my opinion has definitely changed. This past time will be my last time at Bliss. Their service used to be so through and friendly, now it's like a typical nail salon. I don't know who did my pedi this time but it was horrible. She rushed through and wasn't thorough. I had to ask her to redo my scrub because she barely got the dead skin off. Even after the lotion, you could see parts of my feet that needed to be done. The polish was quick and I asked for a glitter coat. Right after she finished, she got up and went into their break room. That was it! She didn't say bye, or help me put my shoes on! When I got home I realized she didn't put a top coat on my toes and after a week, my feet look like they didn't even have a pedicure. $23 + tip wasted. My polish is chipping and my cuticles are dry and showing. I put cream and socks on but no help! This isn't the first time this has happened so I've had enough. I'll be getting my services elsewhere from now on.
This was my second time at this nail salon. The first time I went I didn't really like it. It's been a few months so I decided to try this place again due to the fact that it's 5 minutes away from my house. The salon is pretty and overall very clean. I was greeted within 10 seconds of my arrival and placed into a chair within a minute. I went pretty early in the morning and was surprised that it was moderately busy for only being open for 30 minutes. Luckily, they were able to get me with a technician within 5 minutes of sitting in the pedicure chair. Also, they did have a decent selection of colors. Not too much to choose from with regular polish but with gel it was a lot more. The color I originally wanted with gel polish they didn't have in the store so I had to choose another one. (It was not a problem for me since I was in between two colors anyways) My technician was named Lilly, she was nice and very smiley. I really enjoyed her due to the fact that she is so precise and she does a good job at it. She was quiet and didn't really talk much but she was good at her job and that's all that matters to me. The salon was a little pricey but typical pricing. For gel manicure and a regular pedicure I paid $53 without tip. This is a pretty good place over all and I really recommend Lilly.
I just ran in one day after work for a quick eyebrow waxing. It was cheap, the room was mostly clean - it could definitely have been a tiny bit cleaner, but they got me in right away and did a great job. It was fairly busy at 6 p.m. on a week night, but they were taking plenty of walk ins. I would try it again sometime for a mani/pedi although I do see the "up sell" comments as they asked me multiple times if I was sure I didn't want anything else done too.
We were desperate for a pedicure for all four of us on a Sunday evening. I called from up the street and they said they would take us even though they were set to close soon. Awesome! We rush in and after picking colors, settle into the comfy, nicely-appointed massage chairs. I started to slowly relax and picked out an upgraded pedi with the menthol mask. I love that! After hearing the techs back and forth in Vietnamese on who was doing who (unprofessional), my tech started on me. She did say hello and smile but made me feel uncomfortable by continuing in her convo in Vietnamese with the tech beside her. The service was nice and she took time on my massage and scrub despite how late it was. I tipped her despite the unprofessionalism. I ignore it but I shouldn't have to. All in all, a cute nail salon for a quick in and out.
Wow!!! What a wonderfully, relaxing, well done mani and pedi! Phan is amazing and the $10 upgrade to the deluxe pedicure is more than worth it. The exfoliation and massage makes you forget that in Miami a mani/pedi is only $30 verse the $43 u will pay here. My stars is not enough for the level of attention Phan puts into her work. I come up to Orlando on a regular basis and will now just wait to get my nails done up here. Come to Bliss, you will thank me.
I love near by and have been going to Bliss for some time now.... They have a wide variety of polish colors & A ton of gel/shellac colors. I am always extremely happy with my pedicures, they always get my ingrowns & the polish doesn't chip. The owner can be pushy when it comes to add ons but the employees are great once you get past her. I also like that they are fast.
My second time here, exceeded my expectations. Excellent service, very clean & very happy with deluxe pedicure & nail fill.
Loved the place. Quick, clean, very detailed, amazing service. My go to place forever! I did a gel mani and deluxe pedi and paid $60 + tip.
Very clean atmosphere. The ladies were all very nice. Being that I'm not from this area, I was looking for a place that was good but not too expensive. This was soooo much better!!!!  They took very good care of me and I spent a lot less than I was expecting to. I would highly recommend!!!!
Clean with relaxing music. One of the best manicures I have had in life, actually.  Lots of attention to detail around the cuticles without making them bleed. I am somewhat hesitant to visit nail salons because of the hygeine factor.  It's great to be pampered every once in a while, but it's hard for me to totally relax when I think of what might be lingering on manicure equipment.  Sigh. . . Sorry, fungus ain't cute. Not sure of the sanitizing practices used here, but I felt comfortable enough to get simple manicure.  Prices are reasonable, and I really appreciate the purse hooks.
I went to Bliss while I was in town on vacation because I saw all the yelp reviews and it was amazing!! I was greeted immediately when I walked in and the salon was beautiful, clean and well organized inside. Even the classic pedicure felt like a high-end treatment. They have a huge selection of OPI shellac polish and the matching regular polish for toes. Shellac mani + classic pedi was only $53! Super reasonable, great experience.
I'm new to the area so of course I used yelp and my trusty Yelpers to help me find a new mani/pedicure place so my toes will look pretty when I get married this weekend ! This place is in a strip mall so if you've never been you do have look for it a little (psst it's by the subway)! The shop is clean, the tools are unwrapped right in front of you and the staff is friendly! The front has all the manicure stations while the back has the wonderful massaging pedicure chairs (8 in all)! My girl was friendly and even helped me find the right red polish that I was looking for...as a negative I would like to see more colors/variety of nail polish, I don't use gel so this is always my go to! They have a menu to choose what type of service you would like, I just chose the basic 'classic' mani & pedi and it was $33, they go up in price from there. They didn't try to 'upsell' me on anything but it wouldn't have been a negative for me, that's what businesses do! The manicure and pedicure were both decent and even though the shop was buzzing my girl came to check if my nails were dry so I could be on my way!!! I think this place is definitely worth a try if you're close to the area! On a side note, I've been out of the shop for 40 minutes and I still haven't ruined my polish...that's epic!!!!!!!!!
I followed the advice of the other Yelpers when I needed to find a Salon for a pedicure while visiting Orlando, and I really wasn't impressed.  When I walked in with my friend Melissa M, we asked about the price of a pedicure ($23) and a Manicure ($12) we were immediately asked if we wanted a Gel manicure, which is -of course- much more expensive. I was asked if I wanted my brows done, despite them being groomed.   Besides the hostess trying to upsell me, the technician also tried to upsell me during the procedure, she asked if I wanted a manicure, if I wanted the deluxe pedicure and my eyebrows waxed. One more, I declined all the additional services and just wanted my nails done. The manicure went much the same way, it was very much a basic service, and even after 10 minutes of air drying, the polish smeared lightly. The place is absolutely beautiful, the chairs for the pedicure are state of the art, with compression massage for the glutes as well as the spine. The place is immaculately clean and the people are all friendly, though they do have a habit of slipping into their native tongue when speaking with one another.
They were able to do the pedi with no wait, but the nail polish was not good. I did not realize this until I went to check if my nails were dry after just sitting there forever under the dryer ( can't stand when they put you there and leave you and never check or say anything).  I only use OPI polish and this polish left dark streaks and a not smooth surface. My nail tech should have noticed this before I did since I couldn't see my feet up close. I will not return any time soon. Will stick to my regular spots when I treat myself. (pedi $23 + I tipped , eye brow wax I think was $8 - nothing special) . I have to say the facility is nicely decorated, but there was polish all in some of the seats and polish all over some of the nail dryers. I just think this is tacky.
I love this nail place! The people are very nice and they have an almost overwhelming amount of shellac colors to choose from! Very clean!
And once again Yelp comes to my rescue!   What's a girl to do when a nail breaks and there is a fancy dinner that night?  Check her Yelp app, of course! I found a salon with high ratings just a few miles from my hotel.  I called and they said come on over, no appointment was needed so that's just what I did. Bliss is located in a strip mall at a busy intersection.  While it doesn't look like much from the outside, once you pull open the doors, you will find yourself in a sleek, clean, contemporary environment with people who are willing to please. I picked my color, sat at the large "nail bar" (sort of a horseshoe type area where nails are done in the front) and within minutes I was sporting 10 shiny new nails; that broken nail was a thing of my past!  In the back of the salon are 8 pedicure chairs so if you have a group of gals, bring 'em in and have a pedicure party! My nail repair and polish was a cheap $10 but worth more to me not to have to hide my previously unsightly finger! And the staff and owner?  Friendly and accommodating.  Genuinely inviting me back to see them the next time I was in town (which I will do) Bliss.  The name says it all!
I loved this nail salon. The staff was so friendly. It's the best mani & pedi I have ever had. So many colors to choose from, I had a hard time deciding and they could match my toes to my gel mani. Phan did my nails and I highly recommend her she was awesome, really took her time & did a great job. The salon was nice, clean & pretty.   I will be going back next time  in town.
A friend in Orlando recommended this place to me for a full set.  I also got my eyebrows waxed.  Eyebrows looked good, but I lost some skin under my eye.  I am thinking maybe it's my new acne meds, so I can't knock them for that (yet).  My pink and whites look great and the bill was only $54.  I'd definitely recommend it :)
I really like this nail salon (which I found here on Yelp) because its clean, I can walk-in whenever and there's someone that can assist me on the spot. I also get my eyebrows waxed here and the ladies do a fantastic job. The prices here are reasonable, so I can come more often than other places I have lived at. They also do shellac!!!
Again followed my yelp peeps advice.  You have to love the fact that this place uses wrapped tools on every customer. Very sanitary.  The set up is a little different from most salons. It is set up in a U formed so you get to talks to you pal while there doing your nails.  Not much on conversation but I enjoyed the piece and quiet.  $24 for two manicures plus tip.
My boyfriend found this place for me on yelp. Here in town for a conference and needed a pedi before Monday.  What a great find. Very pleasant, clean, and relaxing. Great atmosphere and foot and hand massage. If I lived in town I'd be here every week.
Great Pedi & Mani. The Deluxe pedi is great for the massage. I would definitely recommend to a friend.
My favorite place to get a pedi. Very relaxed, clean atmosphere and nice staff. It's not an assembly line like you get at other places. I love that they bring you cold water in a wine glass! They have a great color selection and they do a very good job, and I'm picky. My toes look great!
Very clean - new, which I love !!! Love the nail color selection this spa is very relaxing very pleasant time to myself -
Loved the service at Bliss! They made sure the whole time I was there that I was comfortable and that I liked the work they were doing on my hands and feet. :) The only reason why I didn't give them 5 stars is because they kept talking in Vietnamese constantly and I don't speak the language making me a bit unsure if they were getting the idea I had in mind or not. Fantastic experience, will DEFINITELY go again.
What a great find!  Bliss is clean and professional - their nail colors are fresh and well stocked!  The nail techs all have matching bliss smocks - giving the salon a clean and professional feel. The mint scrub on the classic pedicure was great .  We made an appointment and the staff was ready when we arrived- no waiting.  Great place with great service and prices
Awesome pedicures!!  Great staff
found this place on yelp and stopped in for a fill today.  Very relaxing, comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff.
Fantastic staff.
Bliss is fantastic!  The people are so professional and friendly, they really do a great job.  I get a mani/pedi and waxing done there once or twice a month and have never been dissapointed. The only thing that would make it 5 star would be the addition of Wi-Fi. And maybe they could rent some newly released movies to play on their big screen on the weekends. Even with those two suggestions, Bliss is definitely my favorite nail salon!
This salon gave me such an amazing experience, the staff was amazing..very nice, very professional and VERY clean..the salon itself is beautiful..great decor and may I say THE BEST PEDICURE CHAIRS EVER! The prices are perfect for such a cleanliness salon and their staff deserves their praise! Loved this salon and its now my new spot for my nails!!
Love this place, its very clean and they do a great job :-)
