This. Place. Is. Amazing! Where else can you get a manicure, pedicure and a pretty rocking massage for $25? The salon is extremely clean. The staff is WONDERFUL! Every mani pedi I've gotten has lasted at least two weeks. They are able to do some designs, just ask. I'm a huge fan. A lot of my coworkers come here at lunch and get a nice spa break to relax. The relax/massage/pedicure room is wonderful. It's dark and you sit in a nice fluffy couch with a warm blanket. It's perfect after a stressful week. The business is family owned and you see three generations there. You have to try this place. It is my answer to stressful weeks and feeling pampered at a great price!
This place was super fun. We were in town for business and just looking for somewhere to get our nails done. They had good reviews and they were well worth the trip. The young girl that did my nails was obviously very new and made a couple of mistakes but she was very apologetic and tried very hard. My nails ended up looking fantastic! And the best part was yet to come after my mani/pedi, I got a wonderful massage -my hands, my shoulders and my feet! It was so fantastic I would highly recommend this place.
Mimi and Sukie took such great care of us. We had three girls all together and they were VERY accommodating. All of our services were awesome!
Went on wednesday for a mani/pedi and was happily surprised when I got a tour of the whole salon and a 30 minute backrub all for $40! well worth the money. Went on thursday (after seeing they did massages) and got a one hour massage. best $45 i've ever spent on a massage that most other places charge close to $100 for!   I recently moved down from MA and have never experienced a spa & salon like this with such reasonable pricing. Normally back home I would have to be willing to spend $200 + for all this treatment! DEFINITELY WILL GO BACK!
We were walk-ins and they treat us like old customers. Love this place.
Came here the other day witb my mothee and it was a beautiful place! they were offering a special package of $55 where you received a mani, pedi 15 min massage and a fantastic 30 min facial.. the facial was definitely a treat... my nails? Flawless... their nail salon is pretty unique and everything is very clean and you automatically feel relaxed when you walk in! Probably one of the best plaves around! Avoid the chain spas and go here!
WOW! Let me just say I'm a customer for life now.  It gets tiring going from spa to spa to find the right nail technician and now my search is finally over.  Angel is the best nail technician you will find in Orlando.  My nails are too perfection and right in time for girls night out! The facilities are fantasic the prices are outstanding, the only thinking lacking is beer on tap or unlimited wine.  I highly recommend the mani and pedi and am looking forward to my next relaxing moment in Sweet Paradise
Do not go here for waxing service. The woman, while sweet, removed a layer of skin. The leftover wax was everywhere and was a complete mess - which in turn got onto my clothing. No way I'll be returning or recommending this salon.
Okay, I'm a dude and I'm a little concerned that my "dude card" might get revoked for writing this review, but SO BE IT!!  I admit it - I got a mani/pedi!  I also got an excellent haircut from Lisa, but nothing un-dude-like in that, right? Full confession: I've had some problems with athletes foot and toenail fungus in recent years, so I started getting pedicures a couple years back to help maintain healthy feet.  I did not know about this spa/salon, but someone left a flier on my windshield while I was parked in their shared lot.  After looking through their grand opening specials, I decided to give them a try and glad I did. I've never received a manicure before and it was only $5 more to add it to a pedicure so I decided to give it a try.  I don't have much to compare to, but my finger nails have never looked better.  I do have a lot of experience with pedicures and this was the best I've ever had.  The procedure included a seated back/neck/shoulder massage while soaking my feet, plus the customary leg/foot massage which was outstanding.  My wife and daughter went in later and had great mani/pedis too. All-in-all, a great experience.  Highly recommended and will repeat.
I got a nice surprise from my boyfriend for a full treatment here. They did everything right ... facial, mani, pedi, and then a massage. Wonderful people, relaxing and now thinking of calling them for a hair trim. Will go back for sure.
This is the strangest nail salon I've ever been to. I was put off by the guy beating on my back under the guise of a massage in a dark room with lounge chairs. I guess I prefer more of the traditional pedicure experience.  I also recommend that you do not do anything with paraffin as they dip your feet in this large vat of wax that who knows how many hands/feet have dipped in. Seemed unsanitary to me.
Fresh off the boat from Los Angeles I quickly realized Orlando is not known for its ahhhhmazing spas. As a past Burke Williams and Bliss spa frequenter I was a little bit hesitant to get a massage at this place. Boy am I glad I did! I feel like I hit the masseuse jackpot on my first attempt. Kyle was fantastic and extremely knowledgeable. They have a loyal customer in me. :)
If this was Fandango, and I was reviewing a movie, I would write MUST GO!!! I had their Monday-Wednesday Manicue/Pedicure special for $25.00.  They are obviously doing this as a promotion to generate business.  Well it worked on me.  If you love a pedicure that heavily emphasizes the massage, then you will love it here.  I was even started with a neck and shoulder massage that lasted for about ten minutes.  I was covered with a blanket, for my comfort, and offered a bottle of water.  I truly felt pampered and attended to during my service. This is not your typical nail salon.  A truly unique and special experience.  I am writing this review selfishly, as I want them to generate more business and remain here in Heathrow. I had a lovely, pampering experience:)
Great pedicure. I started off with a relaxing neck and back massage then sat in a relaxing recliner- not that gigantic gyrating pedichair. The place is decorated nicely and has a warm environment. Jason did the massage and Zoe did the pedicure. A great combo. I will be returning to this place for sure!
My salon was closed for a week and I needed to get my nails done for the weekend. I picked this place because of the other reviews Yelp.  I've been going to the same place and nail tech for several years who does an excellent job and is a perfectionist but this place is pretty amazing. The back massage and the foot and leg massage in the beginning are wonderful. The chair you sit in while you are getting your massage and where they do your nails is so comfortable. Everybody was so nice. And the price is about half of what I pay at the other salon. I am so torn. I love my regular guy and the salon he is at but I really really liked this place too! Decisions..decisions!
Saw Suki today who was very friendly and the owner. I had liquid gel nails down (that's what they are called down here- NY just gel nails). They look great! The salon is gorgeous. I was excited to see they have a separate foot massage area as I miss those places in NYC. The salon is very clean. I also had a 15 minute chair massage that was amazing. Definitely will be back.
I got an eyebrow waxing and facial and both were superb. She didn't over-do my eyebrows and left them looking clean, but still masculine. The facial was awesome and affordable. She went way beyond the facials I get at fancy salons in Philly. I will definitely be going back regularly for these and more services.
Awesome place, very clean and the massage is outstanding!!! It's my new favorite place! I am going back for sure...
This place has relaxation written all over it even though it's in a strip mall area.  But I would go back in a second.  The women were really friendly.  Sometimes when I'm getting my nails done, I just want to relax and I want peace and quiet.  Well that's Sweet Paradise.  My mani-pedi was awesome - the woman was meticulous and the massage they gave me that was included was unreal.  I was so relaxed that I fell asleep.  I don't know when I will be in FL again but when I am, I'm going back to this place!  It was fantastic with very reasonable prices.
I am in the area on business and needed a fill and pedicure.  This place was awesome.  Great service;  friendly staff and excellent options for add - on.  The deluxe pedicure is a great value. The ambiance is relaxing. .. very nicely decorated.  I will be back to try additional services.  Highly recommend!
A great new mani/pedi spot in Lake Mary! I love Suki and their service. I would definitely recommend them!
This is my new favorite place for a pedicure!  My friend and I have been trying local places out and this has won our repeat business for sure!  Wonderful service!  To die for massage during the pedicure!  We left so relaxed!  We will be back!
I love this place! I went on a Thursday early afternoon, no wait. I opted for a mani & pedi, they were having a special $25 for both. You sit a recliner like chair while they pamper you.
