Yesterday was my first time attending the Downtown Art Walk and it definitely won't be my last. The event is scattered around most of the downtown area of Jacksonville. Spreading from Hemming Plaza to Jacksonville Landing & from Hogan to Market Street. There is so much to look, eat, hear and do. The Art Walk is broken up into different categories of what you want to do. Art & Culture, Culinary Arts, Nightlife & Local Business/cool spots.   The Hemming Plaza is the main central point of the Art Walk. They have vendors under tents selling their different art. There is usually a live band or some type of live performance. Another main area is around the Florida Theatre area. They have local bars & restaurants with special events going on. Florida Theatre gives free tours of the theatre, which was unique. Just take a look at my pictures. It was nice and peaceful and you learn a little about the history of the theatre. Another good thing to do is to see MOCA. You can get a bite to eat at Cafe Nola or get some drinks & cocktails at the bar. Entry into MOCA is also free. They really have some great exhibits currently on view. I am big into photography and they have some extraordinary photos in their NY exhibit on the second floor. I definitely want to head back and see MOCA again. Besides the places I named, they have people sellling art, jewelry and other knickknacks throughout the streets of downtown Jacksonville. On the corner of Laura & Adams St. there is a grassy area known as food truck village. There is usually a handful on food trucks in this area. Also some of the noticeable downtown restaurants that usually are only open for breakfast and lunch open back up for dinner. Once that art walk is over, you can head to some of the bars and clubs to enjoy the late nightlife. All in all the Art Walk is an event than needs to be experienced. It's held the first Wednesday of every month, so don't miss the next one.
First time making it down to Art Walk this month. And I definitely plan to go back. While I spent most of my time in Hemming Plaza for this visit, I do plan to expand my borders next time. Yes, there will be a next time. I participated in a TweetChat with Downtown Vision (one of the sponsors) not to long ago. One of the questions they asked was what does Downtown Jax need? Art Walk is a great example of what Jacksonville needs to continue to support. Right now the only thing that draws people to downtown is events like Art Walk, Jaxson's Night Market and One Spark; but if they can continue supporting these regular happenings they will have people discovering new reasons to stay & visit downtown. Hemming Plaza is a great meeting point to start at if you're planning to meet friends after work. Don't be scared of the down-on-their-luck residents that surround the plaza. For the most part, they're harmless. Street parking is everyone's (well, definitely mine) Achilles heel, but the good news is it's free after 6 PM. Show your support for the creative community of Jacksonville and visit an Art Walk (or two).
I finally got to attend the "Jacksonville Art Walk" during its "Oktoberfest" on Oct 1st, 2014. We arrived at 5pm and parked at the Jacksonville Landing ($5.). Street parking at meters are free after 6pm. We enjoyed live dance performances from local dance companies, as well as live music. Then we walked up to Hemming Plaza enjoying various art vendors/displays, street performers, food trucks. There were things to see and do in such abundance, there was no way we could enjoy all of it in one visit, luckily it is held on the first Wednesday of every month, rain or shine. We will definitely be back. There website, jacksonvilleartwalk.com is very informative and has a wonderful map of the event and locations of vendors/exhibits.
Downtown has nothing to offer, you say? I offer you one Art Walk, good sir. THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT JACKSONVILLE NEEDS. These sort of events are totally normal in a couple different cities I've lived in (Ann Arbor/Ypsilanti, MI; and Olympia, WA), and I'm so glad that Jax is taking this approach. Hemming Plaza and the surrounding area all take part in this glorious event. Since I've started coming to these (shortlly after I moved, I try to come at least once a month... so I've been to at least 4 so far?) I've seen even more shops begin to take part. So fabulous! Wander the streets and you're likely to see impromptu music performances (witnessed at last art walk, a DJ in an abandoned disco-ball mosaic bedazzled alleyway, a hip hop duo in front of Chamblin's, a saxophone player in front of the library...) Solo artists with their wares, community advocates with new ideas to blaze a trail in Jacksonville (independent TV/radio shows, volunteer organizations, etc). There are also some pretty cool performances that go down- whether they be impromptu, or sponsored by businesses! (Belly dancing, drum circles, fire work troupes, skateboarders, bands...) Wander into shops and you'll find most display various art by local artists, sometimes by artist collectives. Some offer free snacks and beverages, some have those for sale. Some even offer special Art Walk discounts! If you've been too cheap to check out the MOCA, now is the time to do it. It's free during Art Walk. I've never had a bad experience at Art Walk. What are you waiting for? Next month, first Wednesday, get your butt off the couch and get down there!
Into the art scene? Art Walk is PERFECT for you. Oh my goodness, April's Art Walk was so much fun! Last month was a little on the lame side because the weather wasn't so nice, but sure enough here came the beautiful Spring weather and the turnout was amazing! Ton's of people filling the streets (be careful, pedestrians EVERYWHERE). Art Walk is from "6pm-9pm", and I use quotations because after everyone starts closing up to leave, head over to where Burro Bar and Burrito Gallery is and have a drink and eat some food. Next to Burrito Gallery there's a little fire-show that goes on (I'm sure people mainly go to see chicks twirl some fiyah!). It's pretty neat ^~^ I visited the art museum that has *FREE* admission and it was really cool. There's a bunch of different art in all different sizes and mediums, perfect to soak in some A/C and walk around. The booths outside are just as neat and there's normally some entertainment outside in the form of a show or some DJ's outside mixin' something up. With THAT being said, I did want to do a little shout out to the DJ's of TRILLUCINATION who provided a *FREE* Silent Disco area that was fenced off. Some seriously great trap music for those EDM lovers. At first I was a little shy to go in, but I was with a little group of people who were totally down so we got in line, grabbed some headphones off the table, and enjoyed the music! People had their hula hoops, light-up twirl things, and their dancing shoes on for sure! I had a GREAT experience. Here's their Facebook & SoundCould: facebook.com/trillucinat… soundcloud.com/trillucin… In regards to parking, IF you don't feel like fighting for it or paying for it, park in front of the big courthouse and take a walk to Laura Street. Street parking IS *FREE* after 6pm, so don't sweat the meters. The ONLY thing I have to say I was disappointed about was the lack of FOOD they had to offer there. You have to go to Chamblins or the little cafe next door for something to snack on, but I think it'd be great to see maybe some more food stands or even a section for food trucks. I was HUNGRY when I went there and didn't want to stop by a restaurant or swing by some indoor place when I'm outside enjoying the weather and the people. Besides that, I'm DOWN for next month's Art Walk. See ya there! :)
Had so much fun at this! What a great way to celebrate local art and flavor! I'm gonna plan my next trip to Jacksonville so I can go again!
I was so excited to see Art Walk as something I could review here on Yelp!  I am a huge Art Walk fan and try to go every month if I can. On the first Wednesday of the month, something magical happens in Downtown Jacksonville.  People come out in droves and wander the streets and are happy to be there!  Street musicians sprinkle the sidewalks and play jazzy tunes.  Lots of places turn into impromptu art galleries and offer snacks and free wine.  The local stormtrooper outfit roams the streets as does Darth Vader himself!  :)  Often, the Florida Theater opens their doors for art displays and you can wander the seats all the way to the top and even sometimes you can walk out on the stage. Most people start at Hemming Plaza, but I go in reverse.  I start down by the Florida Theater and begin barhopping.  Dos Gatos, Lit, Mark's.  My favorite place to go is the old Library on Ocean Street.  There is often free samples of food and wine, courtesy of some law office here in town and I make sure to tip.  ;)  Whole foods usually has something tasty to try and the Sake guy is there every month with his samples as well. Did I mention Art?  There's lots of that around.  Some of it is great and some is....well...we all have differing tastes, right?  I can say that I've bought 5 pieces of art since I've been going down there and it makes me feel like a real patron of the Arts!   After you make your way from the library, head on down to Hemming Plaza and my favorite thing down there, the MOCA (Museum of Contemporary Art).  The MOCA opens it's doors for free on Art Walk and it's definitely a fun place to walk around....even if I almost get thrown out every time for taking picture with my camera phone.  Oops! Hemming Plaza itself turns into faire-type atmosphere with musicians, DJs and the occasional drum circle and belly dancers along with art. After that, make sure to check out Cafe 331 and try a glass of Butter Beer!
This was my first Art Walk last night. It was really fun a little rain but that did not damping anything. There was a lot of vendors out with their wares. From art of every style to the really bazaar. I saw things like a dis-emboweled teddy bear to the paint by numbers drawings. They even had a few food trucks there. The high light was On The Fly and Corner Taco and JT's Coffee truck had the killer smoothies. There was bands at the Hemming Park Location and the Landing. The Firewater Tent Revival  was really good too. The Grand Father's didn't play for the rain. It was a really fun time with a lot to do specially walking you did a lot of walking and that's not really a bad thing. We all need it so maybe they should do this once a week. It is nice to see the downtown area full of people. Maybe downtown can make a big return. I'm willing to give it a shot.
I Heart Art Walk! It's a fun way to explore downtown and meet local artists. I always begin at Hemming Plaza and end up near Burrito Gallery. Orrie H. gives a pretty awesome run-down, so read his review for the "nuts and bolts" of this must-see Jacksonville event. I also always hit the old Library - lots of interesting art and people watching. Does anyone know what's up with the guys walking around as Storm Troopers for the past few months? As far as food goes, you've got every option. There's fancy fare at Cafe Nola (downstairs MOCA), tasty Thai at Indochine and festive burritos at Burrito Gallery. Plus, there's always someone with a food cart or two on the scene. Don't forget the free wine tasting and food at the stop-by galleries. Grab a friend, get a map, and wander through downtown Jacksonville. You won't regret it!
Art Walk is one of the best things happening in Downtown Jacksonville. In fact, it's one of the best things happening in the city as a whole. A real deal dose of urban flavor, this walk goes down on the first Wednesday of every month. Neighborhood businesses open their doors and their walls, displaying an eclectic smattering of art for perusing attendees, and bars open their stages to a host of mostly local musical acts. Each Art Walk usually has a theme, for example last night was The Spanish Heritage Art Walk. As a self-professed jewelry addict, I make sure to have plenty of cash on hand. There are bunches of baubles in every style imaginable and most are downright cheap. (I've bought adorable rings here for $5!!) Also worth noting is the selection of one-of-a-kind home decorations. From paintings to unique lighting, there are some seriously talented artists here flaunting work that I'd love to acquire for my abode. One of the biggest drawing points of Art Walk is that the Museum of Contemporary Art opens its doors to everyone free of charge. That's right, free MOCA! (No coffee though, sorry.) Traipse in as you are and view an ever-changing rotation of exhibits. I've seen art centered around everything from Marilyn Monroe to The Big Lebowski here, and I'm always impressed by the cool selection in our little Jax museum. If you haven't ArtWalked yet, you're missing out!
If you are looking for an informative review this is not it! I will start off by saying I am a little bit of an art nerd, I love it. I am also an art student, if you doubt my sincerity. The Art Walk is amazing and fun. I have one suggestion however. They should change the name to "I will start off perusing art work, and wax intellectual about such things for about 20 minutes before I start people watching and then sprint to the nearest watering hole to get a drink and stumble drunkingly through downtown because that's really why I came walk" I think it will catch on : )
(re-posted from the other ArtWalk Yelp entry yelp.com/biz/downtown-ar…) 1/6/2009 For Review #200 (what? already?), I'll review ArtWalk. This event makes usually sleepy Downtown come alive after hours. I love how every month, it actually feels like a city in this town. It's not as jumping as it is when Gator festivities are here, but ArtWalk always draws a pretty good crowd. There is so much to do during ArtWalk. A lot of restaurants that are usually open only for lunch extend their hours and MOCA keeps its doors open and visitors get in for FREE. Also, businesses in the area become temporary galleries for the night, displaying works from local artists. The type of art usually featured in ArtWalk can range from realistic traditional styles to more modern and whimsical stuff. There are different types of art displayed from sculptures, paintings, photography, jewelry, etc. The ArtWalk spans several blocks, but most of the action happens around Hemming Plaza and Burrito Gallery areas. I don't know why. Hemming Plaza becomes a hub buzzing with vendors and artists selling their goods and sometimes the drum circle is out there with the bellydancers or someone may be performing. One spot to note is the old main library. It turns into a huge multi-floor gallery where people display their paintings, photography, and other artworks. Another impromptu gallery is an old fire station right across the street. Next door to the fire station is Burrito Gallery, which is the unofficial gathering for hungry art enthusiasts looking for a quick cheap eat (they really LOAD their burritos here!). Around the corner is another popular eatery, London Bridge. Bars are also doing special things during this event, but I haven't yet been to a bar during ArtWalk (unless you count Burrito Gallery). They used to allow people to walk around with open containers of alcohol, but I think that was changed. And there used to be free wine and snacks everywhere, but now some places charge for the wine. Crappy economy I guess. If you miss this one, there are several other art walks around the area, such as the First Fridays in St. Augustine and another in Five Points and 3rd Thursdays at the North Beaches Art Walk in Atlantic Beach.
Art Walk has transformed the city of Jacksonville. It showed people that we can be a cultural community. We will show up en masse to support art. Local art at that. We will spend our first Wednesday evening of every month wondering through our once desolate Downtown and turn it into a bustling and energetic place. It showed Jacksonville that it has the gusto to be a real city. Finalmente! Art Walk spreads through most of Jacksonville's sprawling city center, but there are two spots that are must hits. First, there is the Museum of Contemporary Art, Jacksonville's Main Public Library, and Heming Plaza area. Heming Plaza hosts a number of tented vendors and artists while street performers weave in and out and live music wafts through the air. MOCA allows people to check out their exhibits for free and serve drinks in the lobby. The Main Library is open and usually has some great exhibits worth checking out. My favorite are when they do their annual Christmas Tree exhibits, with different themed trees scattered throughout the library. Secondly, there is the Burrito Gallery, London Bridge, Old Library area. Most of the people who hang out here are young adults, crowding the streets while punk rock bands play on the sidewalks, jazz music pours out of the lounge next door, and the Old Library has their first floor open for local artists to display their art. In its real hay day the Old Library had all three floors open. The basement had concerts or skateboarding ramps or break dancing or something of the sort, the first floor was the gallery, and the second floor was the party... the carnival. It was the place to be! It still is, but since they are trying to get the place rented out they have shut down most of it's Art Walk use. Another thing to try and get to are the Off The Grid galleries. Jacksonville has started allowing local artists to use vacant rental space as studios and galleries. There are some awesome hidden gems just waiting to be discovered! Art Walk is a lot of fun. It's something that I think everyone should check out given the chance. It's a guaranteed good time and has something for everyone.
If you are new living here on visiting - you need to check this out. After the Art Walk you got to check out the awesome bars around this place 3 blocks worth. It's packed with vendors and fun people!
great place, great vendors, music was fantastic. there was a lack of food. other than that, im happy. dont come here hungry. there was just a hot dog stand. but this place is happening.
