I am so thrilled we attended One Spark this year!  As Daisy D. said, it is really great to see downtown crawling with so many people.  It's like downtown Jax is finally coming alive again and it is such a great, great thing! I think it's amazing that our wonderful city gets to host this huge event every year.  So many people with so many amazing new ideas all coming together in one place for a great big showcase.  I throughly enjoyed walking the streets and seeing all the new ideas and inventions.  Also saw some really great art and heard some really great music. We only went one day this year, so we didn't get to see everything.  I definitely plan on attending multiple days next year so I'll be able to take much more of it in! I really can't add anything extra to what everyone else has already said about this amazing event, but I do have just one last thing to say: Love the huge ass Goldfish floating in the water in Hemming Plaza!  Oh yea!  yelp.com/biz_photos/one-…
Everything everyone said about One Spark is true! I loved it. I went three days in a row. It's probably one of the best things to happen in Jacksonville for a long time, even if it is, as my boyfriend pointed out, organized panhandling. My only gripe was the voting app. I could not get it to work. I tried four different times to sign up for voting, but I never got the confirmation text. I asked for help at one of the info booths and they weren't able to solve the problem. I really wanted to vote and was sad that I didn't get the chance. Hopefully they will fix that issue for next year. One Spark is worth the "trek" downtown from wherever you live in Jacksonville. It's bringing life to our city and I appreciate the hard work of the organizers.
Opening night of One Spark 2014 was ridiculously fun! I've never felt such community TRANSCENDENCE in Jacksonville before! There was a giant wave of ENERGY and I just crested on top of it all night long. Giant sculptures to check out, photos ops to interact with, free beer, free ice cream, live music, and I kept running into friends at every corner! What is One Spark you ask? It's an GIANT annual block party to help fund your dreams! Be it a start up business, technological invention, non-profit, bakery, an after school program, medical technology, or supporting the local arts. These "Creators" receive votes via smart phone from the participating crowd which are FREE to give. At the end of the 5 day festival they tally up the votes and each creator receives a cut of the prize money. Last year the overall winner was ReThreaded, a local non-profit that helps ex-prostitutes in India learn life skills to survive so they don't have to turn back to prostitution. My favorite this year was  the HUGE Teepee that sat in Hemming Plaza and had a live marsh mellow roast led by Dr. Wayne Wood inside. The interior of the Teepee was beautiful too with a hanging chandelier and oval paintings hung on the wall. So mysteriously elegant! I also enjoyed the "secret tunnel" leading to a bank vault under the old Barnett Bank. AdLib Tours is trying to restore all the secret tunnels in Jacksonville and connect them. Awesome! We also listened to Firewater Tent Revival at "One Spark After Dark" which was set in the Jax Chamber of Commerce parking lot and filled with Food Trucks. The lounge area was ultra comfortable and two beers from Intuition Ale Works were also  available for purchase. Everyone was in SUCH a good mood! I talked with plenty of strangers and I felt like we were one cuddly family. We banded together on the sardine packed skyway when one person had to get off we did it 'Dauntless' style! The overly anxious skyway drivers kept closing the doors on riders and my father got slapped in the shoulders with them. This poor woman almost got hit before we yanked her inside! All the riders banded together to open, move, and help you jump off in time. The community camaraderie was unlike anything I've ever experienced. That alone made One Spark a huge success to me! Saturday was another experience entirely. We all swore to take a day off work next year and attend on a  Thursday or Friday *instead* of heading out on a Saturday. The line at the skyway was wrapped  around the upper level all the way DOWN to the ground floor. We decided to walk the fifteen minutes to downtown instead of waiting in line. It was actually fun and we go to pose in front of some Shaun Thurston mural work for an impromptu photoshoot. The crowds downtown on Saturday were THICK! Thicker than Disney World on a Holiday! I am thrilled how popular One Spark has become and hope the momentum propels it to continue year after year---but this lady will kindly NOT go on a Saturday again. I felt squeezed the entire time I was there and I just didn't enjoy that. As an attendee to both years of One Spark I am glad the bugs of the voting process have been worked out but I did I miss all the yarn bombing that was prevalent last year.  I am SO proud of the success of One Spark and I'm already excited for it next year! beonespark.com
Simply Amazing! I really wish Jacksonville had a monthly event similar to this downtown, it would bring so much revenue and life back to the area!
I will admit I don't usually go to events like this. Sometimes they're just too much of a headache that I don't want to put up with. But i'm so glad I went this year. It's so nice to see Downtown Jacksonville actually crawling with people. The idea of getting all the creators together in one place is fantastic and why shouldn't Jacksonville be the one to do it?!?!! It was fun meandering in and out of the different booths and seeing all the city had to offer. Loved the One Spark Alt brew from Intuition. My only complaint would have to be of the organization of the Food Village. I LOVED that all the brick & mortars came out alongside the food trucks to keep our bellies happy. I didn't love so much that it became difficult to navigate as the crowds grew and the lines snaked around. I don't know if they can, but maybe having the food tents up on the sidewalk to create more walking space in the street would help. Just a thought. Other talking to a few other One Sparkers, they had similar thoughts on the organization. While I can understand some creators don't want to be pigeon-holed into one type of category, for ease of seeing all the creators from a user's perspective, it would make sense to have all the Creators grouped into broad categories (i.e. Tech, Education, Green, Music, etc). Maybe they were, but it sure didn't feel like to me. I'm excited to see what the continued growth of this festival will do for DTJax (and now Berlin). We want a vibrant downtown. We want it to be a place to go. Now we just have to set it on fire!
As a few other people have said, One Spark is one of the best things to happen to Jacksonville in the past few years. I was there for the first night this year and Saturday. The ability to park and ride either the skyway or a shuttle is wonderful and couldn't have been easier. Once I arrived (on both days!) I was so overwhelmed by things I wanted to see and do! For the most part, everything was close together and easy to navigate. I did feel like the people in buildings (esp when they were in random places like the 8th floor!) had a real disadvantage but you have to work with the locations you have, I suppose. There were tons of food options, which was nice. The first night I was there I had spaghetti squash with kale creamed kale and wok fried green beans from Dig Foods (they make amazing vegan food) and then split fries from M Shack with friends (though I was disappointed to find out they didn't have their ranch dressing!). On Saturday I brought my parents down to check things out and my mom and I had Island Noodles. SO fantastic. I loved the diversity, not just in projects and creators but in the people who came out. There really was something for everyone, whether you like art, tech, food, whatever. There were a few little glitches (a few issues with the wifi/app in the beginning, the skyway had some difficulties) but honestly, the organizers did an amazing job. I hope more events like One Spark start to pop up around Jax, One Spark proves that Jax wants to come out to good events!
This event has done a tremendous job creating buzz and publicity so it was not a matter of IF I was going to attend, but when I could make it there. Instead of tempting fate, I decided to visit on opening day after work and I'm glad I did! It was a great mix of people of all backgrounds and ages with an overall positive vibe. A good number of food and beverage offerings were available alongside people hawking their creative ideas or just there to create awareness for their already established Jax businesses. For an event like this, it really comes down to people and I think the outgoing individuals coupled with some great event organizers and producers made this event a standout. I really enjoyed this opportunity to look at downtown's architecture and appreciate all that is offers, and the potential that OneSpark highlighted makes me feel good about my new home. It's one thing to be a spectator and a better thing to be an active participant, so be sure to vote for the ideas you like (it's really not that hard) and spread the word so this event will be well attended and continue to be held in the future. I'm headed to tonight's closing ceremony
One Spark!  Yay!  I enjoyed this year's festival even more than last year.  There were more vendors but the space downtown was a little more compacted and easier to get to.  I attended both as a spectator and as a creator for a work project.   The organization was better this year.  Food truck alley was fabulous and packed every single day.  I enjoyed trying different things for lunch every day.  Project information on the website was handy, but their location was not always easy to find quickly.  The voting was easy once you got registered.  I know a number of people who had registration issues, myself included.  The registration site said my phone was registered with a different account so I could not log in.  There was no one who would solve my problem.  I ended up having to show ID at the registration booth and have them check me in so I could vote.  Once I was confirmed checked in, I was able to use the app and vote.  I do hope they have a way to solve registration issues next year, not just find a work around. An absolute ton of people visited downtown during the festival.   The first day the drive downtown was insane, but I remember and came around the back every other day.  There was JSO and private security constantly walking about which allowed creators to leave tents and tables in place instead of breaking them down every single night.  There was also a bevy of One Spark volunteers who were eager to help.  Each creator had a volunteer assigned to them and there were super helpful checking on us, answering questions, and bringing handouts if needed.  Also - props to Florid Blue for the creator tent.  Free snacks, drinks, and massages were available daily at the creator's tent.  I even managed to snag a stick charges - always handy to have around. It was a great festival.  I had a great time, learned about new projects, found some people to support, and ate my way through the food truck alley.  Looking forward to next year!
I believe this is the second year Jacksonville is hosting OneSpark. I did not know of its existence until my brother from another mother ( and state) messaged me about the festival. Whaaa??? A festival for start-ups?? Tell me more... I was uber stoked about the event and had multiple calendars marked to remind myself of the stupendous occasion. Alas, due to my 8 to 5 profession, I was not able to visit during the daytime, where probably all the bad ass stuff happens. However, you betcha bottoms I hopscotched my hiney (figuratively) right on over after work. Thanks to OneSpark's website, I learned of free parking options. I parked my car at the grass lot across from the Skyway and took it to Hemming Plaza. It was sort of a fun experience bc I hadn't taken Skyway since it's inaugural operation, when I was a young'n. Skyway was packed and for a split second, I felt like I was living in an actual big city. My one caveat about the Skyway please be mindful of the train's direction and what the digital analog signs for stops read. They're inconsistent. Trains arrive about every 4 minutes. However, when you're waiting along with a bazillion others ( may not be an accurate number) trying to get home, and you get on the wrong train, say twice, it may take you (a lot) longer to get home. LET YE BE WARNED I arrived at Hemming Plaza at around 6 pm. The mood was festive; there were live music and streets sprawling with pedestrian. There's a Food Village located towards the Landing. It's nice to see the food trucks serving local flavors. Corner Taco was there! yummayyy. There's also a Beer Village, if you're interested in that kind of stuff. It costs 3 dollars to enter. By the time I got a chance to check out the start ups, most had closed shop. Most of the ones left were more artsy and less techie. OneSpark was a great opportunity for me to learn about local entrepreneurs. I got to sample great coffee and salsa! I guess in my head, I envisioned more of a tech convention, lol. The techie part of OneSpark seemed to involve a lot of niche social media apps. I suggested adding a heat map to one of the apps. The creator thought it was a good idea. Overall, it's just nice to see Jacksonville host unique events that brings the community together. Because the streets were closed, it was a great opportunity for me to gaze ( lol) at the downtown architecture and appreciate my city more. I hope it helps to make Jacksonville better, faster, stronger (har har har) This review is limited bc OneSpark actually goes on for several days and I only got a chance to go to its opening day. There are multiple events going on each day, which you can check out on their webpage. However, I will be oot for the rest of the festival so I'll be missing out. booo
This was such a great concept and event. I love how it started on Wednesday and went all the way through Sunday so people with non-traditional work schedules could also make it out to see the fun. I wasn't able to go last year so I made it a priority to go this time around. I went Friday afternoon around 3:45 and downtown was bustling. It was a nice sight to see so many people walking around, enjoying the downtown.. we definitely need more festivals and such to bring people into downtown. One Spark can attribute that people will come if there is a cool idea. I walked around Hemming Plaza and went to the food area where there were plenty of options, not to mention all the restaurants that are already in that area (Burrito Gallery, Indochine, NOLA café, etc) There were many beer stands with a good selection of craft and local beers, which I appreciated, and even a McKenzie's hard cider stand, yum! This event was so eclectic, which I think is a big reason it appealed to so many people. There were people playing jazz on the street, free-styling, break dancing, playing guitar.. if you can think it, it was probably represented there. Aside from all the streets being filled with creative ideas and projects, most of the buildings were opened and filled as well. The Landing was packed with creators, the old Barnett Bank building was opened for the first time in years, and MOCA was seeing more people coming in, appreciating art than they have probably ever seen. It was such a cool, fun vibe all over downtown. I didn't stay for the late night party, though I wish I had. I was so glad to see stuff staying open later and food being available later. If Jacksonville wants to contend with other big cities, we have to amp up our late night options - eating and bars/clubs. This is a great festival and can't wait until next year, which I'm sure will be even bigger and better!
Now I have been to One Spark 3 times this year alone. Last year maybe the same. It is so cool the idea of meeting a lot of these creators and see what they have to offer. The tech stuff sometime is over whelming. I'm old and have a contraption on my hip that is far smarter then me. Now I'm surrounded by a bunch of kids smarter then me. It's really nice to see young folks really applying themselves thou. Some of the other projects are exciting too. I really like Shaun Thurston's artwork. The booth about the giant aquarium they want to bring to Jax. There area fair amount of stupid ones too. The food court this year is much better then last years. I like the fact that there was a lot of the local brick n mortar's here. One Spark is a great thing for Jacksonville and I hope it is around for many years to come.
One spark is LEGIT! When I first heard about One Spark, I was like whatever...I might check it out. Then, my friend sent me a message on Facebook about it...I skimmed the website and I told my friend "I don't feel like reading it, what is it?" She says basically it's an art walk on steriods! Hahah, I thought to myself....now were talkin!" Too bad I only went to 2/5 days of the event. Day 1: Walked around, some guy comes up to me and says you've got a nice camera you n your friend should check out this Fashion Show there cute girls, free wine/beer, and free Bonefish Grill! I'm sold! hahah it was amazing! It was how i pictured New York Fashion week on a smaller scale and I got to be paparazzi with 4 other photographers. We got served different wines, a fancy tuna dish that was amazing, a seafood mix with chips, and a quinoa mixture. What a start to One Spark! Then we checked out the One Spark Food Village! Food Trucks, to food stands, Jamaican, Asian, Brazilian, BBQ, tacos it was all there! Then, walked all over the place soaked in all the art, music, random street shows, and different One Spark booths. Julie A. told me about the Happy Grilled Cheese Truck and I found out they were opening at 8pm. As soon as 8pm hit, the chase started. We ended up going in the wrong direction but eventually we made it and it was all worth it. Check out the review here: yelp.com/biz/the-happy-g… Day 2: Walked around.....ended up at the Fathomsphere booth by Chamblin's bookmine. The Fathomsphere goal was to restore an unused building downtown to serve as a cultural center. They had a live band, people freestyling, hula hoops for kids, a dance floor, and the kids running the show were so talented. The music even got me get down on the dance floor! This was the 1st booth I voted for. How good were they? Awesome enough to win 1st place in the music category! There was another live band that was redonkulous! They had a crowd of at least 100 people in a massive circle! I have video of the music straight flowing through people dancing! If they had a tip jar, they would need a bathtub to hold all that mula! After that, we got food from Corner Taco, got samples of free food like Broccoli Brownies, Fruit and vegetable juices, and walked around until our feet bled. If you want to go to a place where the energy is electric you MUST to come to One Spark! Art, music, technology, dancing, food, and good vibes...what else could you ask for? There is too much to say about One Spark....I added a gang of pictures so you can see for yourself!
Awesome experience and community going on with this event. If you haven't been you're really missing out on a hidden secret in Jax. Showcasing local talent and others from a far this is really a lot of fun to be apart of and immerse yourself in. If you actually engage and discuss with the creators you will get so much more out of this event than just walking around looking at things. The food market is also amazing. Not only smells great, but everything there taste great. Get out of your comfort zone and stop being lazy. Swing by one of these events when it's going on and learn a little about Jacksonville you may have never known.
It is a must see. Bring the family! I enjoyed One Spark this year, just as much as last year. I get to see so much diversity and new inventions and cool ideas! I highly recommend you to come more than one day. This year I went five days and still did not get to see it all. I am proud of our city for doing this every year. I would love it if they did this more than once a year. I enjoyed everything I saw.
Pretty neat event.  I was visiting Jacksonville for a wedding when my sister suggested that we check out One Spark.  Basically, a bunch of inventors and creative minded people got together and promoted their ideas.  Jacksonville residents (and visitors) were able to vote on which idea was the best through an app.  The winner of the contest got $250,000.  At night, it turns into a big party with live music, food, and beverages!  Pretty sweet! We were there during the day, so did not get to do the whole night time party thing.  I have to say, it was well organized and really great to see downtown Jacksonville in a new light.  I really only have 2 complaints:  1.  The booths were REALLY spaced out.  I felt somewhat bad for the booths that weren't near the action.  2.  The food trucks weren't so great.  I'm surprised that there weren't more food options when we were there, but that may have had to do with the fact that it was during the day on a Friday. Over all, if I were a Jacksonville resident, I would definitely come back to One Spark next year!
I love what this festival is doing for Jacksonville. Not only does it showcase talented artists and musicians, talented minds of the technological and innovative type are welcome to showcase as well. You had the usual painters and performers, but at OneSpark, they had people raising funds for cool ideas like healthy snacks in kids schools, touch screen tables, a school based in a skatepark, and a music studio powered by bicycle. Oh, and let's not forget the street full of food trucks! There were so many people and downtown came alive ArtWalk style in the weekend daylight. So many fun things to see, so many interesting people to meet. As for the voting process, I thought it was great that visitors could vote for more than one exhibit/cause. Alot of people complained that the distribution of money was too wide so that it thinned out the winnings. I disagree. I think it's great that anyone who got any vote received a portion of the money. After all, everyone here made an effort to get votes, so why not? Out of the people I voted for, two were winners. I can't wait to see the artsy revolution get jumpstarted from this awesome event. Go One Spark!
I missed last year's One Spark & was determined to go this year.  I went Friday with my sister and so glad I did.  We did the pay park off of Adams Street for $15 for 24 hours since we knew we would probably be there all day.  Super easy parking and right past CHOMP CHOMP where I knew I would get late night grub on my way back.  WOW!  This event was top notch and very organized.  We did a ton of walking that day, but overall--getting around was super easy and the energy was truly amazing! I mean, what an opportunity to look inside some of those downtown buildings that have been around way before I was born.  And who knew about all of the cool bars and restaurants that have seemingly popped up in our downtown.  Go Jacksonville!  I'm super impressed and plan on going again.  For easy parking, creative ideas, innovative projects, great food choices, friendly people, organization, a great map to follow, charging stations everywhere, entertainment, live music, family friendly, the beer village,  and the PEOPLE WATCHING--that was definitely worth the price of admission ( actually it was FREE).  Towards the end of the night, there were bands playing everywhere and we had collected all of the creator project numbers that I planned on supporting with my vote.  Hindsight, I wish I had gone Saturday & Sunday.  You just can't see everything in one day.  Next year, baby. Next year!
