I've been to the TU Center more times than I can possibly count (for the record, the best show I've seen here was Warhorse, amazing!) and it never disappoints! The line for the ladies room gets crazy but that is to be expected. A top notch venue and it seems like the Visiting Artists Series is more impressive every year!
I've attended a grand total of two shows at the Moran Theater during my tenure in Jacksonville. The first was when Jeff Dunham came to town about five years ago and the second was just this week when I was lucky enough to attend the opening night of "Rock of Ages." I really like this venue. I've never had to sit in the balcony, but even if you are in the back section, you still have a good view of the stage. As I am rather short, around 5'5", I'm always worried about going to a theater (be it here or the movies) and being stuck looking around the head of the person in front of me. No issue with that here and I don't believe there is a bad seat in the house (at least on the main floor). The sound and acoustics are perfect. Even as far back as we were, it was like we were sitting directly in front of the stage. The tickets, especially for the Artist Series, are very pricey, but that is to be expected with Broadway style shows. The prices for drinks and snacks are high as well. I had a long day and hadn't had a chance to grab something to eat before the show. I grabbed a pack of cinnamon and sugar roasted pecans, which were delectable, but cost $5! I mean, you're already making plenty of money off tickets, why the need to charge so much for refreshments?
There are two different auditoriums. One is Jacoby Hall, the symphony auditorium which features the giant organ, and the Moran Theater, a stage for dances and plays. I attended 2 shows with my son at the Jacoby Hall. One with his class (we got awesome front row seats!), and one outside of his school. Our seats were much farther that time. We sat a third of the seating area towards the back. It was a bit far for our viewing. It would have been nice to bring binoculars. For the second event, there was an Instrument Zoo before the performance -- which they sometimes do for shows geared to children. The Instrument Zoo is a nice touch, because the kids can play on all the strings and percussion instruments. Obviously woodwinds and brass wouldn't be sanitary to test out, lol. My son was playing the violin, viola, cello, bass, xylophone, glockenspiel, and various other percussion instruments. In the Moran Theater, my son and I went to watch the NYC Rockettes Christmas Spectacular. We had cheap tickets, so we were seated at the top part of the balcony. (We were probably the only people that bought tickets in that section. Haha.) However, they let you sit anywhere if there are free seats. Despite being a distance from the stage, we could hear clearly as if they were right in front of us. The stage wasn't too small, and my son still enjoyed the show, though we far enough so that we couldn't really see the performers' faces as clearly. After the show, we took a photo in front of their Christmas Tree and went outside to see the beautiful view of the St Johns River. If you're looking to see a Broadway production in Jacksonville, this is one of the venues where they perform. The other two are The Florida Theatre and the FSCJ Wilson Center at South Campus. It's a bit pricey (isn't fine culture usually pricey?), so sign up for their email mailing lists, to get information on discounts and free tickets.
First time I went here was last night and it was to see the AMAZING Anthony Bourdain. I can't say too much about the venue being I haven't really spent too much time there much less was I there to look at the place. What I can say was it wasn't hard to drive to, parking was reasonable and the seats were very comfortable (this is a very important factor in venues). Plus they use Groupon so I could see my man without breaking my bank. So yea, kudos!
The Times Union Center for the Performing Arts is Jacksonville's premier theater. It has many performances throughout the year, ranging from Broadway Musicals, Comedians, Musicians, Bands, Dance productions of all kinds, Magicians... you name it, it has probably come to the TU Center. This is also the home for the Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra which plays throughout the year in the Jacoby Hall, a theater specifically designed for the symphony. It is beautiful and the acoustics are astounding. The Moran Theater is the largest of all the theaters  [seats about 3000] in the TU Center [there are three total] and is where most of the musical acts and Broadway plays are performed. The Terry Theater [seats about 600] has its own entrance to the side of the building and is the smallest of the theaters. Off-Broadway shows and smaller productions are usually seen here. The building itself is really beautiful, right on the St. Johns River with floor to cieling windows along the entire back wall that look out on the amazing view. This is a great place to take part in the many wonderful culutural experiences that come through [or are stationed] here in Jacksonville.
I've seen many productions at the Times-Union Center & performed in many myself when I was a young ballerina. Of course my performances were of the age when it was the Civic Auditorium and it wasn't the beautiful center it is today. Most recently I saw Pink Martini perform with JSO in Jacoby Hall. Great show, great acoustics, beautiful space. Jacksonville may not have much, but we should feel blessed to have such a great symphony and the fabulous Fabio Machetti leading it all.
I was spoiled living in my last city which has the most theaters outside of NYC so I had pretty high expectations when we came in here.  The theater itself is nice and comfortable to sit during a long show.  My only complaint is that you can't bring your drink into the theater - HUH?
I really enjoyed the Tony Bourdain appearance last night. He was witty, a smart ass and genuinely doesn't like Paula Deen. He talked about many subject from making a tv show and what it takes to being a dad. I really would not have thought that his favorite and most adored chef would have been Mario Batali but the man is good I most admit. I Thought for sure it would have been Eric Ripert the famed chef of Le Bernardin in NYC. It is a very nice restaurant also and I have eaten there. One thing I can say is the man is smart when it comes to traveling the world and how not to deal with politics on the road. It was a great show and I can't wait for more of his shows. It pretty much is the only time I tone into CNN. Oh, I did get to ask him a question to. It was about the Pig Pickin in Louisiana. I just love his wit and his shows
What a great theatre!!!
When I saw Jack White was going to be in town, I waited for the pre-sale at my computer like a hawk, to snag a pair of tickets with a quickness. I know I've been here before, but it had been years ago, so it was nice to get reacquainted with the Moran. We Ubered it downtown, had no problems at Will Call, and entered without issues. The line for the adult beverages was long downstairs, so we just jetted up a flight and within minutes, had a Jon Boat in hand. Plenty of restroom stalls, nice roomy lobby. The acoustics were absolutely amazing! Jack just killed it, and there was not a moment in the show that didn't take advantage of that sound carrying out to the crowd like a tidal wave. It was loud enough to awaken my inner rock goddess, and to drown out any show talkers during the performance. Loved my experience here, and wouldn't hesitate to head back.
Saw Ringo Starr this past weekend and have to say that the show was great. The theater was clean and staff was extremely helpful in finding our seats. My only complaint is with the bar. Bought an expensive soda and it was flat! Lines were to ridiculous to go back and get it replaced.  The bathrooms were also very clean and plenty of standing space when waiting to go into the theater. There were also lots of signs for paid parking but free parking was kind o hard to come by. Also def worth to get there early for any event. Overall, I wouldn't mind coming back for another show.
Went to see the Blue Man Group at the Moran last night and it was a blast! The acoustics, lighting and sound in this theater are awesome. The only complaint is that the seats are a little cramped together, this was a problem for me because I'm a big guy and I enjoy my space. thank goodness the person directly to my right didn't show up other wise it would have been pretty tight, especially if that person was a large man or woman. I was hesitant to purchase drinks and snacks due to a review I read here stating that they weren't allowed in the theater but that rule seems to have been lifted as I was able to take my candied almonds and Coca-Cola in with me. Maybe it just depends on the type of show. The theater is larger than I expected and was pretty packed. I really enjoyed my self and wouldn't hesitate coming to see more shows here in the future.
Attended Carmen here last night. Wonderful performance by the cast and orchestra.  Small group of attendee s and excellent seating.  A pre concert wine bar and introduction to the director was a very nice addition.  He shared with us the history of the troup; how he selects for the various roles and what their travel agenda is for the remainder of the year  Also for those new to opera there is a translation board above the stage that allows for understanding of the main thene of the play if one is not familiar with itm
