This was my first JAX festival. It was nice. The music was good. I wanted to try some of the food, but I was full. I was so happy to see the Yelp stand and meet Allie. The staff was wonderful!!!! I guess I missed the shuttle bus to the parking lot where my car was parked, well 2 staff members drove my BF & I around until we found our car.
2 out of 5 stars for this year. "Meh. I've experienced better" is an apt description, especially since I am comparing Jazz Fest to ITSELF from previous years. I am a GIANT fan of Jazz Fest! In fact, one of my all-time FAVORITE memories was enjoying po'boys and gumbo at sunset during a private rooftop party that overlooked the main stage where Trombone Shorty was performing. The host, Mike Field, has forever been solidified as being an ultra COOL GUY for this! There is usually a jaw dropping, eye widening, AMAZEMENT to be seen when floods of people are swarming the downtown area to soak up the musical ambiance! Downtown is alive for ONCE with people enjoying the live music at numerous venues including Hemming Plaza, Snyder Memorial, The Landing, as well as patronizing the local stores and restaurants in the area (not JUST the booths set up specializing for the event). Hemming Plaza is usually bedecked with her finest with bountiful layers of flowers framing a shiny red piano that has been converted to a fountain as the main center piece. This year, Hemming Plaza was as deserted as a western ghost town. I also miss all the little side shows that Jazz Fest had inspired in the past. I didn't see any random dancers on Laura St. making the most out of the ample audience and giving them a free performance, nor did I see the local high school musicians playing their Jazz band instruments so proudly for tips! In years past, everywhere you turned was MUSIC, MUSIC, MUSIC! Funk, Soul, R&B, Rock, Swing, and different musicians were playing on every open street corner, sidewalk, cafe, they could find, compared to performing on ONLY 3 stages this year. The energy just wasn't there. While I DID think it was cool to see the St. Johns River along side the main viewing stage, Jazz Fest just didn't make my feet do the Two-Step this year. I have been to New Orleans' famous "Jazz and Heritage Festival" and I have to say---Jacksonville does it BETTER, but only when it's in the core utilizing local buildings and parks to raise it to a crescendo of eclectic synergy. We had an experiment this year with moving it away---but next year please bring it back to where it belongs and BRING back that energy too!!!
For all the years I've lived in Jacksonville, this is the first time I remember actually going to Jazz Fest. I've been to many festivals featuring all varieties of matter (art, music, food) and this definitely is one of the better ones I've been to. It was a great mix of people and while it was warm, there was a nice breeze off the water to help temper the heat of the sun. Jazz is not the type of music everyone is drawn to, but like life, once you find your groove, you don't want to give it up. It's a free festival that highlights great places around Downtown and it's a special event to make this extra large city come together. When it comes around next year, make sure to put it on your calendar. I heard some whispers of a hullabaloo over where different stages were set up and the arrangement of the entertainment, but it makes me ask myself "Why can't we all just get along?" As long as the event stays downtown, I'm down for supporting it.
Although, I'm not a fan of Jazz music, I must say I enjoyed myself at the Jacksonville Jazz Festival. We spent the day helping out our fellow Yelp buddies under the nice and cozy Yelp tent and of course had an awesome time. The Yelp tent was set up in an awesome area... We were located near one of the stages so we could easily hear the music being performed. The wife and I were lucky enough to find a parking place nearby... There were many paid lots open for parking, but as always with a little patience it's relatively easy to find a free spot... We will definitely make our way back to the Jazz festival in the future!
The Jazz Festival is held every year in Jax and I'm almost ashamed to say I have never been.  Had it not been for Yelp, I would have missed it again this year.  So, thank you Yelp...  and also our wonderful CM, Allie A.!   I spent the day in a nice, shaded spot under the Yelp tent hanging with fellow Yeeps.  We were only a block down from the main stage, so we were able to enjoy the music all day and evening.  I can't think of a better way to spend a beautiful Saturday in May thank listening to some great music and hanging out with my Yeople! Most people who come to the festival don't have the nice, posh spot that I did, so I would suggest you bring chairs with you because there's really no where to sit.  Even though I love the fact they block off streets in downtown Jax for the festival to be held, I don't recommend sitting down in the middle of one of the dirty streets.  :D  Also, it's Florida, so make sure to bring along your sunscreen and make sure to stay hydrated with plenty of water. There are stages set up in different areas, so you can wander from here to there.  it is crowded, but not so much so that you can't move around. There are parking garages and lots that charge $10 to park, but I recommend you just drive around the streets for a bit and find a place to parallel park.  We were able to find a spot only 4 1/2 blocks away.  Parking is free on the streets on weekends, so you don't have to worry about bring quarters to feed the meters. I was very impressed with the security.  There were security officers constantly walking around and I saw JSO Officers on pretty much every corner. What a great, FREE event we have here in Jacksonville every year!  I will definitely be back next year (and I'm keeping my fingers crossed that we have the Yelp tent up again hehehe)!
2014 was our first visit here and what a wonderful experience!  The concerts were all free, divided between 3 large stages, all within walking distance of each other and with plenty of seating room (bring your own unless you want to purchase VIP tickets!)  Coolers are allowed but there are plenty of vendors offering a variety of food and beverages throughout the town.
We had a lot of fun checking out the annual Jazz Festival over Memorial Day weekend!  The bands were good and the stages spread out enough that you don't feel like you are constantly being pushed around in the crowd. You might want to bring some chairs if you would rather sit, as there weren't too many options provided.  All in all, the even was well put together and had some great entertainment!
The  Jacksonville Jazz Festival is held annually and is FREE!  It is held every spring and features performances throughout the weekend on Main Street, Hemming Plaza, Snyder Memorial Church, The Jacksonville Landing (Friday and Saturday only), Riverside Arts Market (Saturday only), Laura St. and various downtown businesses and buildings. This festival transforms into a vibrant setting with multiple entertainment stages and other venues including the Jacksonville Jazz Piano Competition (ticketed);  Art in the Heart Downtown Art Show & Sale;  the Wine Down Tasting Experience (ticketed); Generation Next Youth Talent Competition; Jazz ABZ exhibit at the Cummer Museum of Art & Gardens; Jazz Juniors educational activities at the Main Library; displays at MOCA Jacksonville and much more. The 'Round Midnight Jazz Jam, Sunday Jazz Brunches and a parade in the streets are also included as highlights of the festival. If you are going bring your patience with you.  The crowds are HUGE, the lines are long and the prices for food and beverage are high.  Now that's said, the music is worth it.  I can't go into everything they have going on down there but I have included the website for you to check into yourselves.  I would say see you down there, but that's not a chance in  h**l,  Too many people.  So if you want to go with a gang, GO With THEM.  Parking and all. makeascenedowntown.com
The Jacksonville Jazz Festival has been happening for a long time, but in the past two years, probably as part of the Downtown Revitalization efforts, it has been moved to Downtown. And this year, 2010, it has been set up right on Main St. and let me tell you... the results are AMAZING!! There is a huge stage set up right at the corner of Adams and Main St, towering against the skyscrapers. The roads are blocked off and tented booths are set up. You walk down some of Jacksonville's inner cities busiest roads. It is a breath-taking experience. Amazing line-ups of Jazz musicians take the various stages, and the music floats through the city air. The mood is so stimulating, encasing you in excitement and energy. This is a FUN time. I highly recommend that everyone check this out. First and foremost, it is FREE!! Secondly, it is a blast. And finally, it is a big part of the Jacksonville experience. People say there is nothing to do in this city. That is not true. There is tons to do, people just aren't doing it! So get off the couch and go! Live and enjoy all the great things this city has to offer.
Saturday night the rain wasn't a spoiler and what did we see? Patti Austin with the full Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra. AMAZING!! All you folks who have never been to this festival, do it. It really is a special event in a great setting with TOP NOTCH jazz performances. The food is nothing to sneeze at, either. I, actually, got a good bowl of gumbo here and that speaks volume for the quality of the food vendors. Great jazz, good food, super location and good company. What else can you ask for?
We went back to the Jazz Fest again today. We walked around and the food vendor are out in force. There are some really good choices this year again. There's Jamaican Jerk to Thai Food to your normal fair foods. The music is everywhere from the Landing to Hemming Park to a Park on Main street. Ahhhh the sweet sweet sound of Jazz flowing up and down the streets of Jacksonville.
