The Riverside Arts Market is a MUST DO if you have a Saturday to spare in Jacksonville. Why 5 stars? Because no matter who you are, something will catch your fancy. I strongly recommend the crepe stand, as well as the various fresh bread tables. Wind your way through this under-bridged attraction and marvel at the art, fresh produce, and friendly faces. Out of money? It's still worth the people (and dog!) watching experience. The St Johns flows peacefully in the backdrop. Oh, and parking is free. Wholesome fun for all.
Great market. A lot of vendors from baked goods, to local art, clothing and some great live music. Since it's under the bridge its pretty much rain or shine. Some of my favorite vendors are The Bread Company, JC's Daily Bread and Fuzzy's Lemonade cart. They make some great strawberry lemonade. Really refreshing on a hot day. The market is very spacious and you  you sit and listen to some great music while noshing down on some good eats. I believe it's something to be experienced. You can bring the kids, the dogs or your significant other. Just head under the bridge and have fun!!!
Love going to the market each and every Saturday! Great vendors, local farmers, fresh eggs and produce, and on & on & on! After having local farm fresh eggs, milk and cheese, I can't go back to store bought dairy. Plus having a french quiche or crepe while listening to local bands is better than any top shelf dining. There are two real French chefs cooking each Saturday and its all so good! I also buy my lettuce and veggies for the week here. My biggest disappointment is my best farmer is moving to the Beaches over political issues. So now I have to run between the two instead of enjoying my extra time at Riverside.
Wonderful addition to the already full list of Why go to Riverside?  Under the FW bridge and is easily accessible from all areas of town.  Something for everyone young, old, and in between.   Bring the kids, the grands, in - laws and the dog. Fresh veggies, real honey, spices, breads, olives, pickles, and today there was ice cream from Restaurant Orsay oh and dont forget  artisan wares from the local area.  Several food vendors offering up a variety of flavors from Peles Wood Fired pizza to Lumpia and Pansit a popular Phillapino treat. There are also a variety if entertainment offerings from magic to music Open 10 to 4 take the trip look at all the goodies grab a seat and sit by the river for a while enjoy.
I did not look at RAM's schedule of events before heading over to find "The Arf Barket" It's national dog week, and the riverside arts market celebrated with this bi-annual event where all "Sociable dogs" are welcome to attend. Let's just say that some owners have better judgment than others. It was a busy day and there were pets everywhere. And while most were well behaved and adorable, there was one altercation that really scared my family. And then there was the poo left right in the middle walk way of the farmer's market area that was something that no one likes to encounter, especially while shopping for food. We normally really enjoy this place, but have learned now to check for special events first, as this is one event I would not revisit.
Go here.  Period. If you are still reading this, then you are on the fence.  So re-read my first line. This place is part farmers' market, part bazaar, part festival, and all fun.  I go at least once a month for no other reason to get out and enjoy the weather and the people.  Frequently, I end up with plants, produce, art, or some other trinket for my house. The have food, music, and people watching--all in one spot!
Best and most favorite place in the world. If I ever leave Jacksonville, I'll always come back, even if this is the only reason other than my family haha
I really really LOVE this place. I love the local vendors. I love the set-up. I love the prices. I love the people. I'm late to the RAM game, but I am so glad I finally found out what this place is all about b/c I'll definitely be coming back for more...and more...and more.
Great place for fun free entertainment. Love supporting local artists. The food here is great.
This was one of the best ways to spend a Saturday afternoon that I can think of! I can not believe I haven't found this place sooner! Samples of all sorts of amazing local goodies, food tents galore and live music overlooking the water. We ended up purchasing a Artichoke knish $5, it was meh. We also had a single serve Salted honey pie for $2 - amazing! The Mediterranean tent was just as you would expect with the owner lavishing his guests with attention, best Gyro EVER! We also tried some amazing jerky and went home with a dish of fresh garlic basil goat cheese $8 and some hydroponic kale $3.50. It was a lovely afternoon all the way around, so many things to see and do! There was even a magic show and a belly dance performance!
Enjoyed this place. We went there for July Fourth fireworks.  Perfect for observing the downtown show with far less drunks to deal with.
so i finally went to the riverside arts market! i went early in the day thinking that the heat wouldnt be too bad, and it wasnt ..there was  so much to see and stop to touch and eat and read! all the senses are really used here..i did make the mistake of going hungover,and also with someone on a time crunch..so i will def have to go back when i can again! i spotted Bubbas Bistro dog treats right away and made sure to get my doggy some of his favorite stuff!! i tried a samosa at one table and totally wouldve bought a bunch of bread there but she didnt take cash :( overall i loved  the vibe of this and cant wait till my next saturday off to go again!
What a great way to spend a Saturday morning! Beautiful market located downtown under the Fuller Warren bridge. You can walk or run along the river then hit up the fresh produce. The morning I was out there it was music & a yoga class in session. I thought that was awesome because I love yoga. The market featured fresh fruits, veggies, breads, freshly squeezed lemonade, & different food vendors. Of course there was vendors selling different artwork & other handmade items. A great way to spend the morning with the family.
First Saturday! I like this place and it's great stumbling across RAM while running errands in the area. Lots of things to look at and wonder, "Who would buy that..." and lots of things to eat and regret later. I have given up the wild notion that any kind of farmer's market is going to be cheaper or a bargain. Anything that is an ARTS market actually seems to be more expensive, so this is geared for the economically well situated. With great weather, river-views and live music performers, this is a very pleasant way to spend a Saturday.
LOVE this place there are SO many amazing vendors! First my kids and I usually stroll around seeing if our favorite vendors are there! I love the fresh produce, french macaroons, amazing music, orchids, fruit, grassfed beef! TOO much to list! Park in the parking lot to the left there are TONS of spaces. I like to bring cash to control myself although most vendors now take cards. BTW my kids favorite thing to get are apple strudels, and the empanadas! What a combo! ITS a must in Jax to visit! You'll love it!
What else is there to do at 10 AM on a Saturday morning in downtown Jacksonville? Get RAM'd of course! So they've been doing this for a few years now. The novelty has kind of worn off for me. It's generally the same vendors every time. The only thing that seems fresh is whatever band volunteers to play under the bridge that day. That's probably my favorite part of it. It's a pretty cool venue with crazy echoing acoustics. The right side of the place is sort of a farmers market with fresh produce and some canned things. The problem is, the prices are comparable to a Publix. I'm all for supporting locally sourced produce and the people that grow it, but there is no incentive to buy here. It's borderline expensive for nothing special. I understand they need to make a living too, but one of the advantages to shopping at a farmer's market is the price. I'll still go to the flea market for my produce. The food is reminiscent of a [insert food item here] festival. I feel like the variety used to be better, with local restaurants setting up booths. Now it's just kind of generic and over priced. Although, I did have one of the best gyros ever last Saturday. But I paid $12 for it and lemonade. I could go to a sit down restaurant and get a burger with fries and a beer for that price. I really feel like whoever is in charge here needs to do something about the pricing. Looking around, I didn't see that many people eating, or even buying coffee. I think we paid $7.50 for two plain black iced coffees! That's more than Starbucks! I give it a 3/5. It's cool to check out once a year, but if they want people to keep coming every Saturday they really need to fix the pricing and find some new vendors that are willing to drive some competition.
I like to RAM in the summertime. You can RAM under the bridge in the late spring, just don't expect to be Ramming late into the afternoon. It shuts down ealier before peak Ramming season begins. There's really nothing better than grabbing your buddies to Ram. Maybe watch some street performers, sample some artisan cheeses, eat out of a food stand - whatever floats your boat. Sometimes you just have to RAM.
This place is great because you don't have to be an early riser to catch this event.  They are open until 4pm!  Whooo hoo!  I went here for the second time....this time with my sister.  What a great place to visit on a Saturday where you can people watch, check out some creative food offerings and talented artists from all over Florida! Today we visited The Bread Company booth and picked up a pack of freshly made pita ($3-4) & a $4 container of Za'atar.   Catch them at the market because they are mainly wholesale and do not have a retail store.  Or you can check them out on Facebook:  facebook.com/TheBreadCom… Then, we spent a few hours sampling all the goodies, walking by the river, meandering through the fruits and veggies, talking to vendors and decided to purchase the $6 size bag of kettle corn (freshly popped, of course!) and headed out. Next time, I will come earlier to purchase from the both that offers the bacon brittle as they sold out way before we got there.  Oh well....there's always next Saturday! :)
For all the times I have been, I totally thought I had reviewed this event. Better late than never! RAM (and FRAM in the off season) is one of my favorite things about this city. When I first heard about it, I honestly didn't think it would last. Jacksonville is not known for having a bevy of Local Flavor activities. Not only am I excited that it stuck around, but it continues to get better. Love getting fresh produce from the vendors. Black Hog Farm is definitely my favorite, but Reeds Groves is a close second. The food vendors near the riverwalk allow you to make a nice day of it. Enjoy the river, have some lunch, go home with amazing finds. Parking can be a bear, but there is plenty, so don't give up. Definitely take cash. While some of the vendors will take plastic, it's much easier to deal in cash. And if you think one of your favorite vendors isn't there anymore, don't give up. They do move them around from time to time.
This is a really cool shopping venue!
The view and location make this place great. It's nice to walk around w the dogs. There's always live music playing. The only reason I don't give more stars is because there could be more vendors and more variety but all in all it's a nice way to spend a Saturday. Lots of food options and u can sit by the river and enjoy.
Such a great activity for a gorgeous Saturday afternoon! Located under the Fuller Warren Bridge, there is often a nice breeze & some cooler temps. So many talented local artists participate in this event & it is a great place to guy gifts. They have paintings/photos, sculptures, household decor, jewelry/clothing,  etc. They also have a farmers market with fresh fruits & veg, herbs/plants, honey, pickles, cheeses, bread, etc all reasonably priced. We like to pick out some fresh items from the market & specially create meals for the week using those. This event attracts many different members of the community & there plenty of activities for kids & adults. They often have musicians, magicians & other street performers, and it is a great place to do lunch with options ranging from kinish to fried fair foods to bistro crab bisque. Make sure you bring cash to this even & try to park in the business lot next door for easy entry/exit.
RAM is a great way to kick of your weekend. There are always lots of vendors selling everything from food and drinks to gifts and produce. As mentioned, it can be kind of pricy but it's easy to walk around and browse, too. A great Jacksonville tradition with a great location.
This is such a great event to get the community together in a centralized location. It doesn't require an entrance fee, and there's plenty of FREE entertainment and activities, as well as food and crafts and stuff everywhere. Think of it as an even more barebones flea market where the vendors all bring in their own tables and canopies for their displays. Among the entertainers, there was a band on the main stage area, as well as several street performers. We saw a 16-year-old juggler who played with fire, performing to DJ Earworm (haha I thought that was amusing in itself!), a duo guitarist and keyboardist, and a saxophone player, who noticed my son and started playing Happy Birthday. There was also a clown who made a giraffe for my son. Yes, the entertainment is free, but the food and products are not. Heed Lyndsay's warning, and get some cash from the bank across the street. As for food, there were vendors selling fresh fruits and veggies, but you could also get ready-made stuff, like Italian ices, Jamaican beef patties, freshly made brick-oven pizzas, funnel cake, and other fair-type eats. People were showcasing their paintings and other artwork, selling their products (we bought a toy from one of the vendors), and raising awareness for some local charities and organizations. Before we left, we ran into a booth for kids where they could make fossil rubbings or artwork. All for FREE of course. There is plenty of parking within walking distance. We parked two blocks away. My son and I both enjoyed Riverside Arts Market and hope to visit more often. A great way to enjoy a beautiful Saturday in the Florida weather.
What isn't to love about the RAM?  Seriously?  Food, art, fresh veggies, great weather! I went almost every Saturday last year and I have sorely missed this place during the winter months.  It is a great way to spend a Saturday morning and get some errands completely.  And I usually end up buying some art, which always makes me happy. I mainly go for the veggies and love that I can so much produce for so cheap, and usually organic!  The vendors are always changing so you always see something new and exciting.  Spices, dog treats, keychains, baby clothes, pastries, the list goes on and on. If you haven't been, go.  I know people in this city that have never been and I am shocked every time they tell me.  I usually plan a special trip with that person just so they can enjoy it with me.
Didn't get to meet up with any Yelpers at this event, but we had a great time here. The Riverside Arts Market will make a fine addition to Jax as long as the rotation of artists and vendors brings some new flavor each week. Even though we only caught the last hour or so, I was fortunate to bump into some of my favorite local artists (Overstreet Ducasse, the crew from Flux) and meet some new local favorites (Grace Bio, Steven Marque), plus grab some fresh strawberries, all while taking in the perfect weather. That it's a short walk from the bridge to Five Points and the tastiness of Hovan was another plus. Parking was a breeze in the nearby Fidelity lot. There was plenty of foot traffic, shade from the sun, live music and lots of booths. The website does a fine job with information. The main reason I give the Riverside Arts Market four stars instead of five is that I'd like to see some stronger artwork represented. There are certainly some very talented artists, although because it's not a juried art festival, a large portion of the market featured crafts and other booths that just aren't my thing. (They may be your thing, and I'll be quick to add that LDC picked up some nice jewelry there.)   My question is whether there will be a steady stream of new artists and work to keep it interesting on a weekly basis. That answer will develop over time, and I'll certainly be checking back on some (but maybe not all) Saturdays to find out. And maybe on an upcoming Saturday, the local Yelp crew can coordinate a meetup?
Had a great time at the RAM on opening Saturday.  I do have to admit though, that one or even two of those stars was strictly due to the weather.   Was a gorgeous day and they couldn't have asked for a better way to start things off.  It's a really nice setting right on the river. Traffic wasn't bad, even though it was pretty crowded. The bad parts were that I didn't care for any of the arts or crafts there.  Really, some lame crafty things.  Didn't see much art that was provocative either. Food choices were a bit slim too...I think they need more variety.  One of the vendors ran out of food at 12.  On the other hand, prices were very reasonable. Farmer's Market was really small too, if you really want produce go to the Farmer's Market off of 10 or the Flea Market off Beach.  Way better selection. But, anyway, I give 4 stars because this kind of thing is great to have in Jax.  It's actually something to do here and I hope it keeps going.  Oh and it's FREE! I have my doubts that Jax can support this once a week, but we'll see.  I betcha they cut it down to 2 times a month or something.
It's under a bridge, down by the river, but there's nothing sketchy going on I swear. The Riverside Arts Market plays home to dozens of booths presenting homemade art, jewelry, home decor and food items every Saturday from 10 to 4. I decided to enjoy the beautiful weather and check it out today, and I found a lot to be excited about. As a self-professed jewelry addict, I had my mind blown a few times at the Riverside Arts Market. Gloria Danvers of St. Augustine was positioned right up front with stunning, handpainted polymer clay designs. Her pieces range from dainty dangles to showstopping works of wearable art that seemed to be catching everyone's eye as they filtered into the market. The prices weren't cheap, but the craftsmanship was above and beyond and she was a VERY hip lady, so I was tempted to splurge.  We were also impressed by Jennifer Hewett-Apperson's crochet jewelry and Zandomenego Collections handcrafted designs. I wouldn't recommend coming to the market on an empty stomach, as the lunch selection doesn't get far beyond festival fare. However, there were some noteworthy specialty food items. Nick Gentry of Cross Creek Honey Company was peddling his purely delightful honey blends and providing samples to every passerby with a sweet tooth. Based out of Interlachen, FL, the company strives to bring us honey "the way bees intended." I don't know much about the motivation of bumblebees, but I know my taste buds were doing the two-step after I tried a sample of the Co.'s Gallberry Honey. I went home with a mini jar as well as a sweet smelling Bee Clean Soap Bar. The atmosphere is harmonious, with families and hipsters co-mingling over shaved ice and $1 french fries. Live music is provided by different artists each week, though today it served as more of a melodic background noise than focal point of the gathering. For me, one notable plus of the Market is that nearly every vendor is credit-card ready thanks to swipeable iPhone technology. Of course, this also means I had to watch out before using the ol' "no cash" excuse! Ultimately we left in search of more satisfying snackage, Luckily Riverside restaurants are just a stones throw away. All in all, a great way to spend a Saturday in Jacksonville!
Visited the RAM while on vacation in Jacksonville , definitely no regrets.   Great food, variety of items ( veggies, fruits, jams, sauces,  soaps, jewelry , cookies , arts, etc) , music, nice , friendly people walking around, totally a great ambience . Best place I been to on a Saturday morning !!!! Wish we have something like it at home.
I love the Riverside Arts Market - yay Jacksonville! Here are some tips: - Bring cash!! If you forget, there is a bank directly across the street. - Don't let parking scare you. There are many lots available in the buildings next door. - Find the ladies who make the gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches. It takes awhile, but those sammies are worth the wait. - Go early for the best selection of produce. Be sure you talk to the vendors. Don't assume that if they are there, it's organic or exactly local. - Sometimes you will catch really awesome sideshow acts. Today, there was a young boy singing Justin Beiber diddies. Just when you thought you'd gotten rid of Beiber fever!! - BEST TIP EVER: Don't go on a Sunday. It only happens Saturday.
The market is all right. There's a lot of vendors some with some pretty neat stuff. A lot of organic stuff if that's what your into. We go every now and then to see and still just walk around and people watch. Sometimes there some good eats too.
This falls into one of those "good for Jacksonville, not for me" things. I think the true test will be in 2 or 3 years, if this turns into another 'Landing' experience, then it's clear that Jax should just give up on culture. I'm probably being generous with 3 stars because I've been three times and each time I was completely bored out of my head and ready to leave. Each time I was inundated with loads of jewelry and 'crafts' and I'm just not into that. It feels too much like a flea market; but, that's the nature of it I suppose. Whenever there's an arts and crafts show in town, you can bet I will go, but i won't enjoy it! Even if i don't go back for a fourth time, if you dig jewelry and crafts, check it out. There were two or three booths with that I'll term as 'fine art' (deviating from the people who photoshop dog heads on anything and everything). Those few booths were right up my alley. I enjoyed them, and if more art pops us, I'll give it another go.
Since it's only been open for one week, I have to give it 5 stars. Sure, the music was loud, lines were long and it was crowded, but it's a great time. There are a few things missing - like a bread shop - but it's going to grow over time to be exactly what the people of Jax need. Everything I purchased was delicious or well made. Vendors were extremely happy to converse with all of their potential customers. Children danced, people lounged in the mini-amphitheater area and all along the Riverwalk. I wasn't disappointed by the quality of any goods provided and will be going back as often as my bank account allows. Side Note: A very small number of vendors accept credit cards, so it's safest to bring cash for the lower dollar item purchases.
WOW; first day; grand opening over 40,000 people (better than most JAGS games!) anyway nice to see great turnout for this, smartly planned under already paid tax dollars infrastructure. I felt I should have had a dog with me; maybe they should have a booth to rent dogs for the afternoon so your dog can smell other dogs, etc. Food was limited, but I am sure everyone is just trying to figure it out right now. I think this is one of the most successful things I have seen here in a long time, and I hope it remains successful for a long time. I look forward to going again when crowds diminish a little, and parking is within 1/4 mile.  I think more artist similar to the ones (quality) I saw at the recent San Marco arts festival could do very well here.
Open only on Saturdays from 10a to 4p, the parking is plentiful and RAM is strategically placed underneath a bridge so that it is perfectly shaded and catches every breeze that comes through. As Katie C. stated, there is nothing at all sketchy about this place, despite it's at-first-glance sketchy location lol It's also right next door to the botanical gardens/art museum which is a major plus.     The first time, I wasn't too impressed because the street performances were half a step up from basic karaoke and the vendor from which I chose to dine (can't really remember the name and I coulda sworn that I took pictures of the place...) was so deceiving that I just wanted to leave. Maybe it was my fault for arriving hungry and with a friend who was determined to gripe about everything that day. But even without him complaining in my ear, the food was pretty bland. SO disappointing because the smells coming from the grill were sooo tantalizing...then I bit into it. *blank stare* I may not know the name of the vendor but so that yawl can keep an eye out, here is what I had: coconut fish sandwich with homemade mango salsa, thick cut fries and homemade strawberry lemonade. Everything smelled and looked  heavenly, the textures were perfect...just absolutely none of the bold island flavor that was expected. And the guy who was with me is a island food guru and grumpy mood aside, he was in agreement with me on the bland taste (he had grilled fish tacos with the same watered down mango salsa and lemonade). Oh, and worst of all the prices weren't friendly!  I paid 15 dollars for my lie and he paid 10 for his. smdh     I decided to come a second time, alone and with a full belly which seems to have made all the difference in the world (though I think the perfect  weather had 50% to do with that lol). The produce area is awesome and smells like a Garden of Eden, with the most countrified, hospitable staff you could want. Provide your name/email and once a week you will receive a list of what they will be selling, as well as other deals. The art/jewelry/clothing vendors are so helpful and sweet...I'm glad I talked myself into bringing a set amount of cash, otherwise I would have binge shopped lol The main attraction that day was the Blue Lotus bellydancers who were having fun and were fun to watch. The instructor (Gina) was so polite and gave me plenty of information, plus her card when I asked about classes ($22 for 6 weeks, in Orange Park on Tuesdays and St Augustine on Thurs!). This is overall a great spot to kill a couple of hours on a beautiful Saturday, especially if you like to people/dog watch; just be sure to bring cash and eat a little something prior just in case lol
It is about time Jacksonville resident's figured out that Arts Markets are AWESOME. Hello! That seems like one of the most obvious things on the planet to me [having lived in the Bay Area where Arts Markets are everywhere], but Jacksonville didn't really catch onto this wonderful concept until recently. But when they finally got it, they really got it. Jacksonville has had a few Farmer's Markets before, but none that ever pulled very many people in and made a stand. Well, RAM has changed all of that completely. There are three or four long rows of everything you would expect at an Art's market... local art, pottery, soaps, jewelry, silver, DIY clothing, tie-dyed, home decor, candles, tapenades, bakeries, cookies, fruits, vegetables, orchids, strawberries, flowers flowers flowers, street performers, live music, delicious food vendors, etc etc etc. It has it all, and there is a lot of it. Located under the Fuller Warren Bridge [I-95], it is wonderfully shaded, protected from the rain, and pretty much therefore always going to take place and even be crowded on the coldest, hottest, or wettest of days. There is almost nothing more pleasant than spending a Saturday morning/afternoon perusing its enchanting rows. It's a great way to get outside, get a few things done [shopping!], and be entertained. Highly recommended.
I don't think there is anything not to love here. Free parking, shaded vendors, free entertainment (musicians, dance, yoga demonstrations, clowns, stilt-walkers...I've seen it all).  They have tons of fresh produce, lots of food options and lots of local vendors selling all sorts of stuff.  Some favorites are the alphabet photography, the soy candle spot, the flattened white bottle/glass vendor, and the list goes on.   I loved going just to walk around for a bit and sit and watch the musical acts under the bridge.  Lots of free fun!
Look this is one brightest spots for Jacksonville is this Market, It has entertainment (Jugglers, Hula Hoop Dancers, Jewlery Makers, Fresh market Produce, Honey, Strawberries, Music, Food, Fresh Breads. This place has everything to have a fullfilling and pleasant saturday and because it is under the bridges when it rains it still not so bad. KUDOS to All who work, visit and volunteer their time here, you should be proud!
Love RAM for the We Be Chillin popsicles!
This place would get 2 stars anywhere else, but it adds such a delightful slice of culture to Jacksonville that I give it 3 stars.  Whoever thought to put it under the bridge deserves a medal.  The shade on hot days is a welcome thing!  I like the stepped amphitheater-style stage, and it's great to see children dancing to the local musicians here.  I would like to see more children-oriented singers, though. As far as the crafts go, they have the stereotypical hippies selling driftwood and hemp bracelets that you see at this kind of thing.  I do hope the fame of RAM increases, and attracts a wider spectrum of artistry and artisans.   The food choices are ok, but  I do get so sick and freaking tired of the local vendor attempting to sell products based upon a bullcrap claim of it being better for you than at any grocery store.  The guy hawking "magical" honey-based hand cremes is a personal favorite of mine to loathe. I like local fruits and veggies!  I don't need an anti-corporate, anti capitalist nut-job's whacked out opinions to encourage me to buy them!  In addition, it's a real detriment that so many of the vendors have a political message to push (e.g., They are not just mobiles and wind chimes made from melted glass bottles, they are an attempt to clean up the earth, one bottle at a time!!!).  For some of them, the message seems more important than the quality of the products they are selling. I guess I just wish that places like RAM could be like I remember them being when I was a child--where eccentric but nice folks get together and sell arts, crafts, and homemade/home-grown foods.  What's not to love about home-made foods!?  Why do you have to be a smug jerk about it!? Stop preaching to me about organic, free range, non-homogenized products and just let them speak for themselves!(**Sigh, regains composure). We bought a delicious loaf of rosemary-garlic bread that we ate up by the third day after we brought it home.  We also had a fresh-squeezed lemonade Arnie Palmer...yum! In all, RAM is a great place to spend a Saturday morning, especially if you have young children.  They have a nice selection of fresh fruits, vegetables, and other edibles, and there are some interesting exhibitors, but for the most part, it's just a nice shady spot that has lemonade and local music next to the river.  It's hard to beat that, no matter what.
This is the second time that I have come out here. The area is just beautiful and relaxing way to spend a Saturday morning. Every week there is something new. Also i love people watching so you see young and old couples, little children getting their faces painted and the strangest of dogs. But make sure that you bring cash! Parking is very accessible right next door. I have seen two groups perform here and I wasn't too impressed by either so I instead check out all the the vendors. Great place for fresh produce, and arts and crafts.
Riverside Arts Market is an excellent place to experience some of Jacksonville's local flavor. There is something for everyone. Be like this author and ride your bike to the market under the Fuller Warren Bridge. There is a free and supervised bike parking. Make sure you offer a donation to these kind folk to keep this awesome service available. If the weather isn't too hot, then drive and bring your best furry friend with you for a walk around the market. Local farmers will bring their produce and flowers, local bakers will bring their bread and baked goods, and diverse restaurants and cafes will bring a taste of their menu. I usually will grab lunch here from one of the booths, and I haven't been let down yet. Craftsmen and women of all kinds are to be found offering handmade jewelry, tie-dye clothes, decor and more. For those who want a gaze into your future, sometimes local tarot card professionals and palm readers will have tables set up with donations going right back to keep the market running. Performances occur throughout the day on the stage, which is located right next to the river. These span from upcoming music artists to local dance troupes. The setting is perfect, offering great performances with the backdrop of downtown Jacksonville. The location is a great place to start a day of seeing what Riverside has to offer. When you are done at the Arts Market, take a stroll next door to the Cummer Museum of Arts or down into 5 Points.
A nice Saturday morning get away to supporting local farmers and artist from around jacksonville.
One of the best places to experience what Jacksonville has to offer! Having lived in a whole variety of metropolitan cities with knock-your-socks-off farmer's markets, I wasn't expecting much from Riverside Arts Market. Touché JAX, you have made it to the big leagues of displaying your local artisans! I love the variety of vendors at the market, and just chatting with the folks about what they're selling. From fresh veggies, to Jamaican jerk, to some homemade soap, the Arts Market has it all. Easily the best way to start off your Saturday morning.
Great way to spend a Saturday afternoon outside. This market is located on the water and under a bridge which allows for a nice breeze as you are checking out the local vendors. There are tons of food vendors, farmers vendors and homemade gifts and crafts. I highly recommend the fresh kettle corn and homemade pickles!
Fun little Jacksonville Arts Market located under a bridge.  I have visited this arts market twice and have enjoyed it both times.  Although it is called an Arts Market, it is also a Farmer's Market with a ton of local offerings of food from different vendors.  There is also live entertainment in the form of music and dance.  I would recommend going earlier in the year as it may get awfully hot in the summer months.
Love the music and the variety of food to buy for lunch.  Vendors seem nice, and informative.  I only give RAM 3 stars because of .... MOLD.  We were so disappointed to come home and find out that the next day one of the two bread products we'd purchased was moldy (makes me worry a little about the other bread from the same vendor we'd already eaten!).  Then this evening (Monday night!) I took the asparagus out of the fridge and it was definitely moldy, too.  We bought I believe 6 food items to bring home -- and 2 were moldy.  As others have said in their reviews, the prices aren't the best -- and to find MOLD?  completely unacceptable.  And the produce was the main reason we went to RAM this time.
Love the Riverside Srts Market. Great to walk around on a beautiful Florida Saturday. They have great vendors, produce, honey, fudge, pepper Kelly, cheese, anything your heart desires. There are also twice as many art vendors selling anything from paintings and sculpture to handmade dog collars and ornaments. A must do if you live in Jacksonville.
This is a great place for your family.  This is a "must attend" event to support local business owners.
There is literally something for everyone here; from the street performers to the amazing food, to the organic produce, I never regret this Saturday afternoon visit. If you're a people-watching fan like I am, this place is your spot. I've met some really interesting people including a palm reader, who sets up her little area along the first walkway when you come in. She is a volunteer for the Arts Market, so any tip you give her goes back towards funding the market. She told me I was 'logical' and that I had a good sense of humor based off of my palms, so obviously this woman knows what she's talking about! Parking is available next door at LPS, and I haven't ever had any issues finding a spot. This is a must-do if you've never been!
Visited Saturday #2 at the RAM. Nice free venue in Jax. Lots of people, parking was a little crazy next door at the bank parking lot. There were 2 security guards but they were standing at the closest entrance/exit that was blocked off and not doing much. People were driving like they were on a hunt; you know, like drivers doing the slow creeping drive because they were 'stalking' who was leaving all throughout. Quite a few vendors, however, would like to see more 'working' artists -- the ones mentioned in the website that would be 'doing' and not just displaying their artwork.  Of these artists, I saw only 2 -- a man sculpting a womans bust and one who was sketching -- but there were ALOT of vendors!  What happened?   The 2 man band provided terrific entertainment as my family and I enjoyed a few tunes while munching away at a turkey leg and pizza. The children were playing and people were tapping their toes.   Seems the food vendors could provide better accommodations:  Hardly any of the food vendors had a covered canopy and it was very very windy. Is someone ensuring the foods quality is safe? Right Temp? Servers wearing gloves and hairnets? Where are the food inspectors? Dogs: There were many many dogs on leashes perusing the fair grounds. I'm a dog owner too so I hope everyone is picking up after their dogs! Couldn't complain since the weather was dry and nice shade was provided by the bridge.   Plan on checking it out every Saturday to see if there are different vendors showing off their wares and actually working at the fair showing off their talent instead of just selling.
Pretty neat fair / festival / farmers market environment.  Lots of vendors selling there wares and lots of carni food..I love carni food!  I was shocked to see that wi-fi was available, and for free.  Definitely worth checking out.
LOVE this market, for the location and for its participants. They have everything from art to fresh produce and homemade soaps to herbs. It's also shaded as it's under the bridge which makes is so much more enjoyable. And the FOOD! It's fantastic! So many choices! Fish tacos are my favorite, but there is actually coal-fired pizza, fudge, cupcakes that are glorious...way too many things to mention. Great for kids! Live music jugglers, and it's pet-friendly. Seriously, if you love a good farmers market, then get here. They are open every Saturday from March till Dec. GO!!
I was in the area and finally had a chance to check out the RAM. I had 2 crepes for lunch (ham and swiss and nutella) Both were pretty good. I also had some homemade lemonade as well. I purchased some grass fed pork chops from a vendor which I'm going to make tonight. (saved me a trip to the grocery) If I lived closer, I would come more often.
Okay,the reason I gave a luke-warm 3 stars is: I've been to many farmer's markets and I really enjoy this one but that being said: I think the people in charge need to put more veggie stands..there's only a few that really sell many veggie and fruit. I was happy to see two stands that sell homemade soap. I like the honey stands but then it goes down hill from there. I am not there to buy dresses, big bags or eat crap..all the food there makes my heart squeeze hard. I feel this is more of a flea market than a farmer's market. I think they need to revamp this farmer's market. More stands that sell healthy foods, not fried crap, less clothes, dogs items and more homemade healthy items: like toothpaste, soaps and so on..I feel there is a black hole in this market and as a community we need to support healthy living and learn more about homemade items..even sell plants..homemade bread and so on..I don't feel this market is supporting this lifestyle but a vain/fattening and unhealthy lifestyle. Sure it brings the community together, but not enough..I went to a farmers market in NY and you were surrounded by tons of veggies, fruits, homemade materials it was designed to swing you into a healthy lifestyle..I'm not into going to a farmer's market where fried food is being shoved down our throats. I do go and do enjoy myself, don't get me wrong..just feel something is being missed at this market
I love Riverside Arts Market. Jacksonville is so lucky to have an event like this. I'm so glad that the participation hasn't dwindled since it started. You can get produce, art, baked goods, food ready to eat, and lots of other goods. The bridge provides much needed shade, parking is pretty easy to come by as long as you don't get hit by someone on their way out in a hurry.
Riverside is one of my favorite areas to jog or leisurely peruse... love the Arts Market selection from local farmers and all of their handmade soaps and crafts!  They always have nice entertainment for people of all ages and fun acts to watch!
Fun on a Saturday if you don't have plans for anything else.  The prices are inflated because it's Riverside, but the entertainment keeps the kids busy.  The "artists" are everywhere but I think you have to be an "artist" to appreciate some of it.  It tries to be a mix of a Farmer's Market and Art fair.  If you  want a Farmers Market head five minutes north and go to the real Farmers Market on Beaver St.  If you want to get out of the house and occupy a couple hours without thinking much head on down here.
Come for the produce; stay to watch whatever event that's going on.  It's a neat farmer's market under the Fuller Warren Bridge next to the St. Johns Northbank Riverwalk.  It is much more pleasant to go to the RAM for vegetable shopping than the grocery store.  The prices are pretty good compared to Publix or Windixie, too.  You can go for a walk along the river, eat some cart food, and then grab your groceries.  There is also a tent that sells local honey that is delicious.  And an olive vendor with a great selection of olives and some pickles. There are also people selling candy, sauces, crafts, plants, and more. Occasionally I see organizations from the community like the spinning guild.  I admit I generally ignore the musical venue but it's not really my thing.  It is nice to hear it in the background as you browse.  I thought the chalk art festival was a lot of fun to watch, too.  It seems to really slow down during winter, but I'm just happy I can get local produce year round.
