This place is the coolest. The ambience is great, with cool posters, arcade games, and couches to lounge on. The beer list isn't bad, and I love the tables for your food and drink. Another big plus is that people who come to this theatre actually watch the film. The crowd is respectful of what you should be doing in a movie theatre, which is watching the movie, not cracking jokes, texting or discussing your deep, deep feelings about the plot. The film choices are usually pretty good, I like that they have the Walking Dead on Sundays-if I ever get around to getting current on the series, I'll be watching it there. The women's bathroom is a little creepy, but I guess that's to be expected in a place with this much character. I wouldn't be surprised if there's a portal in there for otherworldly visitors to come in and out of when they get a hankering to see the latest indie film. When I have friends come in from out of town, I always try to catch a show with them here. There's really nothing like it, and my fam and friends always enjoy the funky experience. This is probably my fave theatre in the area, it has a vibe you just can't get anywhere else. I'm kind of hooked.
Independent theaters are few and far between, so even two in Jacksonville is a treat. Sun-Ray is intertwined into the DNA of 5 Points and the Springfield neighborhood and in many ways helped renew the area. It is the go-to theater for showings by local film makers, indie productions and the better big budget films (Where else can you see Jodorowsky's DUNE one week then Guardians of the Galaxy the next.) On the refreshment front, they own. Want a buzz while watching Hotel Budapest? Get a glass of wine (or bottle) or a pint of local craft beer (or a bucket of rolling rock). Need some food? They have pizza, nachos, dogs and even vegan fare. Sun-Ray is one of the hidden gems of Jacksonville and a must stop for for the eclectic movie goer.
I'm in love with this place, actually obsessed with this place. I hate movie theaters but there's no way I'd hate this place. In fact, this is a place I tell out of towners to go to if they want more of a local experience. Speaking of local, this place is just that. They play a ton of independent movies for reasonable prices and friendlier service. Located in historic 5 Points, I promise you, you have to just go. And when you go check in on Yelp and claim your free large popcorn!! EVERYTIME!! This popcorn is superb because of the toppings you can add. Come on now, what movie theater has a truffle oil, sea salt, cajun, and the list goes on and on. Not to mention the pizza they make in house! Also VEGAN options to choose from. The theater is set up like an old time theater with a table in front of you. When you order your food they'll give you a pager with a light and bring you your food during the movie. (Unlike the other theater that makes you get up in the middle of the movie to retrieve your food that isn't all that great to begin with.) They run food specials and change out the taps on their beer selection. I just can't get over this place, again, I'm in looooove.
Fun little cinema. They serve food and beer and wine. Though the movie selection isn't the size of the big chains if you see a movie playing there that you have been meaning to see,  go!   They sell tickets on Fandango so check there for tickets incase you think your show will sell out. Only complaint is that it can get a bit warm in there. Most theaters you need a sweater this place bring a small fan.
You MUST come to Sun-Ray. I am a little bit embarrassed to admit my first trip to Sun-Ray was this past weekend, but super excited to tell you all about it as well. I'm not the biggest movie-going kinda gal, but I have a feeling Sun-Ray is going to change that a bit for me. I saw on their FB page they were playing the Talking Heads "Stop Making Sense" concert movie, and with a quickness, I bought the tickets. We had a nice pre-drink at Brew next door, and headed on over just before the show. Everything about the theater says independent... the great food options, popcorn in the tin bowls, good beer options, the funky and amazing decor. We checked in and saw the check in offer for a free large popcorn, but Adam said, "Not this time. I want to give them my money for operating such a cool place." Loved the insane and trippy Brazilian puppet show clip before the previews... This was the best crowd of people in a movie theater I've EVER experienced. (Thank you awesome patrons!) It wasn't too crowded, wasn't freezing cold, the sound was loud, but not overwhelming, and a bunch of Talking Heads fans clapped after each song. The energy of the crowd matched the energy from the concert, and I didn't stop smiling for the entire show. Mind blown. Being able to see such an iconic show, being surrounded by people that had the same passion for it as I did, and that tasty popcorn with a bit of curry sprinkled on top....  the perfect date night. This first timer is definitely a HUGE fan, and we will be back, without a doubt.
Take a trip back in time when watching a flick at Sun-Ray Cinema! This vintage theatre is nestled between swanky shops in Five Points, Riverside and provides unique food to accompany the historic atmosphere. The cinema includes two screens and often features throwback films making for a fun date night. The retro trendy interior decor take you back in time as you stand in line to purchase your ticket and glass of vino. Yes, this awesome cinema serves locally brewed beer and wine, which will make any movie better. If food is more up your ally, the menu includes classic snacks as well legit dinner options. I personally enjoy my popcorn served to me in a tin bowl. It provides that retro vibe yet again but also a new twist, popcorn toppings. The possibilities to sprinkle on your popcorn are nearly endless and who doesn't love options? Your also able to order sandwiches and pizza that are delivered right to your seat during the movie giving a new meaning to curbside service. The seating is not the most comfortable but the wooden bar top located directly in front of you is incredibly convenient giving you the feel of watching a movie at home with the coffee table at your beckon call. The staff is always friendly and very accommodating to ensure you receive the ultimate movie experience. I would pick this charming cinema over a shopping mall movie theatre any day!
Sun-Ray is awesome. The atmosphere, the food, the service...everything is five stars! If you're in five points, you can't miss it especially with the lights at night. I've been quite a few time and my experience is consistently great. Don't eat dinner before you come here because the food is what really makes the experience too. They have a variety of things like popcorn (of course), pizza, hotdogs, nachos, milkshakes, ect. and they have vegan options for everything. The last time we visited Sun-Ray, my boyfriend and I ordered vegan chili cheese fries and a vegan pizza...fantastic. Sun-Ray not only has all the above but their movie tickets are cheaper than other movie theaters in town. Yeah, they might not have all the movies that you want to see out all at once but they always have a good selection! If you're in Jacksonville, you must visit Sun-Ray.
I had been keeping my eyes peeled for any place in town that was playing "Obvious Child" for a few weeks when it opened at Sun-Ray. I somehow had never been before then but planned to go one evening after work. I found a parking spot right in front despite an event at Brew, which is basically next door. The guys behind the counter were very friendly when I purchased my ticket. I didn't realize quite how many food options they had so I stopped for something to eat on my way there. As people were brought their pizza and all in the theater, I regretted that decision. My movie was in the theater near the front, which was on the smaller size. The seats aren't the super comfy ones like at Tinseltown but, in my opinion, the amount of legroom makes up for that. My first experience was a great one and Sun-Ray is firmly on my radar for future movies (and movie snacks!).
Awesome place! We had an absolute blast. I loved everything about it. The food was decent with better prices than normal theaters, and you can have dinner while watching the movie. They even bring you your dinner. The theater is kind of bizarre, but that just makes the experience that much better.  Sound was good, screen was so so., but who cares. Fun time.
This was so cool!!! My husband surprised me with a matinee on my birthday today! You walk in and the walls are intricately painted with active scenes and vivid paint! My husband and I being photog lovers had to stop and take some pics! We then made our way to the counter and bought our tickets. We had about 30 mins so we walked down to the Brown Derby and had a drink! Came back and ordered some popcorn which they gave us in a metal bowl not plastic or paper!!!! Love that! Waters were free and again no paper! The popcorn refills are only $1. Ps: it was good!!!! They have tons of seasoning options to top it with as well! ****For checking in on Yelp I was awarded a free large popcorn but we had just had lunch so I decided to save it for our return trip! The theaters are comfy and clean. Love the little wooden shelves for sitting your food on. Also, they have the nice chairs where the arms go up!!! We were able to get cozy! Overall this place rocks!!!!! Can't wait to go back and tell everyone about it!
Locally and independently owned movie theater in the heart of 5 Points. This place is just the BEST. They show both independent and "blockbuster" movies and have 2 screens to accommodate a wider selection of films. They also have TV show viewings (Cosmos, The Walking Dead, etc) for FREE. They have beer and wine available and a decent food menu as well (and they serve it to you in the theater!) The popcorn is tops, and I love the variety of free toppings (I always get the Truffle oil!) This place isn't to be missed, support local and support the great people at Sun-Ray!
This has become my Thursday afternoon delight. Not the usual dreck every other theater is showing, but adult thought provoking art. Today's offering Under the Skin.  Prob not a film for every one, but I believe that those that go are there because of themselves and not Hollywood telling them this is the best movie you will ever see.
I absolutely love this place. Walk in, pay admission, and grab a local beer or a glass of wine and popcorn, homemade pizza, hummus or whatever. There's now two screens, which is great!! Movie wise I generally love what they show. I'm very much into independents and stuff that has content over special effects and the like. Depends on your taste, but it's right up my alley. Major plus--they show the walking dead here every Sunday!! It's free, but you can buy a $5 drink ticket if you choose. Amazing. Just another reason I love sun ray. I frequently refer to sun ray as my favorite place in riverside--if I didn't live so close I'd still go out of my way to go here rather than one of the big chain theaters. You guys rock!! And I can't complain about all the free popcorn I've gotten through my yelp app. Thanks!!!!
This place is cool!!! The memories that it brings back of going to the movies on fri or sat night at the beaches. The décor is so cool with many old film creatures and bad guys all over the place. Heck I remember the Creature of the Black lagoon and that it was shot down the Alexander Springs run. You really can't beat the popcorn in a real bowl and all the normal candies that I remember from many days gone bye. The sitting is old but still pretty comfy and I like that they took out a row of seat an installed a bar table top for your grub n drinks. They serve beer for all of my friends. So I'm glad I finally made it to a show and I will not hesitate  to return.
Whether you are out on a Saturday night or sneaking in on Wednesday afternoon, Sun Ray accommodates with spacious seating, local brews, and interesting films. The popcorn is delicious, and the cult movie decor sets the mood just right. During one night of technical difficulties, the owner sincerely apologized and gave everyone free passes to come back. You get a bang for your buck here.
Super Razzed about Sun Ray!  I've heard different themed events they were putting on over the last several months, but none of them really caught my attention until TMNT Pizza Off was on the board. Bought my tickets & was ready for a different kind of date night. Sun Ray is definitely not your average theater. I think they pride themselves (and hold their head really high) about actually being so different and so quirky. More power to 'em! I like that like San Marco they offer different items at the concession stands: pizza, bread sticks and beer! Didn't have a chance to try the popcorn flavor bar, but definitely looking forward to it the next time we go back. Like Amanda M, I like the set up of the table in front of you as compared to San Marco. With this set up it gives you more room between your row and the row in front of you so you don't feel like your right on top of the people in front of you. I didn't find the seats uncomfortable as some reviewers have mentioned, but I was only there for one movie. Another point for Riverside/Avondale/Five points. I love this area of town!
Hands down my favorite theater. It just doesn't get much better than Sun-Ray: they offer tons of movies and special screenings, the service is phenomenal, the atmosphere is filled with nods to movie-going experiences of decades past, they love interacting with the community and they have food that won't make you think twice to ask for seconds. Total game changer for me after growing up without any independent movie theaters around in the suburbs of Tampa, now this (and San Marco's) is the only way I can imagine watching a movie. They do a great job of showing recently released movies with a mix of fun special screenings like a month-long special of some of the Coen Brother's greatest hits, viewing parties for popular shows like The Walking Dead and even a Super Bowl party. They also just opened a second screen, so expect even more special events in the future. The food and beverages can't be beat; pulled pork sandwiches, specialty pizzas (gotta try the ZAAT) and other locally sourced snacks like candy from Sweet Pete's. LOVE that they have local craft beers and that they come and serve your food right to your seat. If you haven't been, GO!
Very cool place. They serve beer, you can get a pitcher to drink during your movie. The food is pretty good, but I'm obsessed with their popcorn. Don't know what it is about it, but that stuff is hauntingly delicious. It is the metric by which I now measure all other popcorn. Thank you sunray. Also great atmosphere and there always seems to be something cool going on.
Sun Ray is awesome.  Great comfortable atmosphere.  Local beers, great food.  Staff is awesome.  Glad Sun Ray is in the hood.  Pretty much the only place we go to catch movie anymore.
Love the character of this theater a lot! I appreciate the variety of films they offer; the friendly service; the specials; the arcade games (even though I'm terrible at pinball haha); and just the overall atmosphere. I will say that I didn't get any food but I've heard nothing but positive remarks. I can't wait to go back.
Sun-Ray, since I first stepped into your mural covered walls and saw a GIANT fluffy moth adhered to it, I was over the moon for you! I am your biggest fan and will gush how much I LOVE you and your special events to anyone who will listen. Sunray has PERSONALITY in spades! Besides the care taken to decorate with scenes from Florida's monster movies past, such as Creature from the Black Lagoon, Sunray also plans shows that want COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT! For the premier of "Sleepwalk with Me" they had paper masks of Mike Birbiglia hidden around Riverside and if you dressed in pajamas on the opening night AND had a Mike Birbiglia mask---you got a free slice of pizza! There was also "The Gorge of the Rings:"  A Lord of the Rings trilogy showing and feast! The menu was EXTENSIVE and of course had Lembas and second breakfast! A $3 "Bike In" movie was planned for Pee-Wee's Big Adventure. They were going to project the movie on the outside parking lot wall. Patrons were encouraged to bring their bike to the parking lot and indulge in the pizza and beer for sale. Sadly, this event was cancelled due to weather. Hopefully they'll bring it back next spring. "Playing Hooky with Tony Stark" included all three Iron Man movies PLUS the Avengers and of course they had a Shawarma available for purchase as well. There was also a 3D showing of Creature from the Black Lagoon with STAR Julie Adams! I love the creativity of these events and how there's usually a themed food along side the movie. The food is another FANTASTIC draw, especially the popcorn with its "do it yourself" gourmet toppings bar. There are other notable menu items such as their pizza and pulled pork nachos. Order at the bar and they'll bring the food out to your seat when it's ready. ***A little birdie (Amanda M.) told me that if you check in at Yelp, they will also give you a FREE POPCORN!!!*** I love you SunRay, keep up the amazing work!!!
One of my favorite places to be. Crazy cool theater with lots of variety in terms of the films they show, and they are opening up a second auditorium. I cannot rave ENOUGH about their pizza, it's some of my favorite around, and their vegan cheese/ricotta is mouthwatering. AND they bring you your food while you watch your movie...what could be better! They serve a wide selection of drinks including beer and wine. Ticket prices are pretty sweet and while I don't find their popcorn to be hot and fresh. but they have a pretty sweet selection of toppings including nutritional yeast, pepper, zataar, truffle oil, garlic powder and more! Perfect place with a lot of local color!
I'm so proud that we have not one, but two fantastic local theatres. As I live in Murray Hill, my choice is usually Sun-Ray unless San Marco is showing something that Sun-Ray isn't. I have been to Sun-Ray for a few different events now. I went to The Godfather showing on Father's Day with Italian meal included (insalata, lasagna, and cannoli), I've seen movies (including Joss Whedon's Much Ado About Nothing), and I just went to the Doctor Who 50th Anniversary showing. They have all kinds of cool special events, like in October, they screened the Director's Cut of Donnie Darko with live commentary from the director. Sun-Ray is all sorts of awesome. I'm always super impressed. I love the fact that the tables are in front of you, for your food, rather than to the side like at San Marco. I also like the the concession stand is outside the theatre. I still need to get up to the balcony for a show one day, just to see the difference between being on the main floor and up top.   Sun-Ray has discounted tickets for seniors and students. It should also be known, fellow Yelpers, that if you check in to Sun-Ray on the Yelp app, you get a free large popcorn! I pair that with a Boylan's Soda, Ginger Ale, and my movie-going experience is perfect. I'd rather head here than one of the chain movie theatres any day.
Sun-ray is my favorite movie theater in Jacksonville, hands down. The entrance is down a little alleyway in 5 points. When you walk in the door you are greeted by some really unusual monster murals and hit with that iconic popcorn smell. There are some awesome classic video game cabinets on the left, including one Marvel game on a Sega console with all of the original Japanese stickers (100 yen to play). The snack bar is great. The popcorn is delicious, and is served in metal bowls like you might have eaten popcorn as a kid. There are a number of different salts, oils (including truffle which rocks) and things you can pile onto your popcorn. They also have food, local draft beers and bottles of wine. It's around 5 bucks for a beer, and $18 for a bottle of wine. It's nice to be able to have a drink in a theater that you didn't have to sneak in. The theater itself is very cool. Sun-ray only has one big screen, and they might feature 2 or 3 movies at any given time. These can range from first-run flicks to art house or the type of films that you see nominated at Sundance. The seats are comfortable, and there is a long wooden table in front of each row of seats to rest your food or drinks on. There's a large chandelier that dims down when the movie starts. The screen isn't as crisp and a newer theater, but sound is pretty robust for a theater this size and age. All in all, Sun-ray provides a really unique viewing experience and has been one of my favorite things to do in Jax. Definitely worth the trip down to 5-points.
Everything is really delicious, but do yourself a favor and try the Sweet Pete's sea salt caramel. Unbelievable!
What took me so long to watch a movie in this lovely establishment. It was always  on my to do list. I was in the area and saw that Lucy was being played at Sun-Ray so I stopped in. They also play local movies too. When I checked in on Yelp I got an offer for 1 free large popcorn with admission. So that was a good start to the afternoon. I got to watch the movie in their newer movie theater. The theater was really nice and cozy. The seats are really nice and comfortable. It seats around 40 guest. I love the wooden bar like tables in front of you to place your drinks or food. I love the way the lobby is painted. It's reminiscent of the old time, little town movie theaters you see in the movies. I like their food & beverage menu. They have local beers (some on tap), hard ciders, fries, shakes, and wine. Next time I want to try either their cheese fries or swamp fries. It all looks really good. I have made this place my official movie going adventure place.
4.5 stars. Love this place - great food (all made in-house), local beers on draft, local kombucha on draft, a popcorn toppings bar with 10+ shakers of fun toppings, local treats from Sweet Pete's candy shoppe, and comfy seats. The owners are amazingly nice and greet you with a smile. The pizzas are quite good, and there are even vegan offerings with Sun-Ray's homemade "rinotta" (not ricotta) vegan cheese. For big flavor go for the Zaat, a pizza with kimchi and fried egg on top -- mmm. While there's only one screen, Sun-Ray is soon expanding to the neighboring vacant space so it'll have a second screen with limited seating. Thumbs (way) up.
I've lived in Jacksonville most of my life and I've never been to Sun Ray Cinema until now. Man, I've been missing out. As soon as I stepped in the door, I knew this place was gonna be cool. All the different murals and movie posters took me on a psychedelic trip lol. I had been planning on getting pizza based on the other reviews here and I'm glad I did. Even though the reviews were good I was completely sure that I would like it. After the first bite, I knew I made a good decision. Our movie was in the smaller screen room which was fine. It was quiet and quaint with no noisy kids or people on their cell phones. This is a nice little gem in Riverside.
Went here for the first time a few weeks ago and this is now one of my favorite theaters in Jacksonville. It has a ton of personality. The popcorn is delicious and they serve it in actual bowls not paper bowls. They have beer in bottles, cans, local beers, and on draft. They also have wine. Their prices are very reasonable and not like the big chain theaters where you will pay 6 bucks for a small drink. They also recently built a new theater room near the entrance and I got to watch Monuments Men (the movie sucked), but it's an awesome movie room! If you've never been you are totally missing out. This place is worth the drive to see a movie.
An astonishingly cozy, fantastic place!!! I greatly enjoyed watching movies here with a glass of wine & popcorn or pizza. they will bring your ordered-food to your seat. Comapred to other theaters I've visited in Florida Sun Ray Cinema was THE BEST!!!!!!!   Just see my photos, picture can tell a thousand words!
No more Sweet Pete's candy (boo/hiss Pete's!!) but Sun Ray is still the best way to watch a film.
This is a funky fun and good old fashion movie theater! It reminds me of the theaters from my childhood & you could go for $.25! If you further google you will find its a nice historical story as well! I am a bit of a movie junkie and new to the area - it's far removed from the "Theaters with 24 movies". The seats were very comfie and it's a great atmosphere. We ate dinner there and I must admit their pizza was fabulous. Popcorn great service -- awesome! This place is as cute as can be!
Take a stroll through Old Hollywood at Riverside's Sun-Ray Cinema. 60's style chandeliers, monster-movie murals, and a deeply ingrained popcorn aroma greet each visitor upon entrance to this historic theater. First opened in 1927, and formerly called the Riverside Theater and 5 Points Theater, this landmark is fabled to be the first theater in the state of Florida to show "talking pictures." These days you'll find an eclectic mix of screenings, from the hot-right-now Magic Mike to lesser known independent films like the Ballad of Genesis and Lady Jaye. They also host screenings of the popular TV show, Breaking Bad, which had me thinking it would be the perfect backdrop for the runaway retro hit, Mad Men. My friends and I popped in last night to catch Shut Up And Play The Hits, a documentary on the final concert of indie-music greats LCD Soundsystem. A huge selling point for this campy classic is that you don't have to bother sneaking in booze. (Like you would do such a thing!) Beer and wine, sold by the glass, bucket, or bottle, are staples on this movie-going menu. For grub, you'll find eclectic fare like Hummus, a Kimchi and Fried Egg pizza, and Spicy Portobello Sandwiches, next to traditional treats like hot dogs and nachos. We ate beforehand, but I did snag a free, large popcorn thanks to my Yelp check-in. :) Overall, I had an enchanting evening at the Sun-Ray Cinema. They fall just short of five stars due to technical difficulties during the showing of our film. Three or four times the screen cut to blue and lost sound completely. On another instance, computer-like toggles and controls were visible for five minutes on screen. This was a small disturbance, though, for such a memorable movie-going experience.
I first saw "The Entertainer" here because I thought it was appropriate to see a silent movie at a theater from the 1920's.  I have been back several times since because of the selection of movies they show and also because of the atmosphere.  People who come here actually come to see the movie and not to look at their bright cell phone screens or have rendezvous with people they need to talk to during the movie.  I actually like their popcorn and craft beer selections too so that is an additional bonus.  I am glad we have this option because it is an authentic old time movie theater and there aren't too many of those left any more.
My favorite theater ever, anywhere! The fact that you can order local beer to drink during the movie is a game-changer in and of itself, versus chain movie theaters. But add that in with the delicious (and in many cases, locally sourced) movie snack choices, the character of the building, the uniquely awesome vibe, and the eclectic movie variety, and suddenly, there's not a whole lot of reason to go anywhere else for a fantastic movie-going experience!
The owners and staff and movies and food and beer ALL ROCK!!! The pizza especially rocks (I love love love that they barter oven time with the "Community Loaves" people who make and deliver bread locally!!).   Everything about this place is perfect, and I'm sooooo glad we have them here.  Tim has always done so much to add to the cultural landscape of Jacksonville, and we owe him to do everything we can to spread the word (on facebook, etc.) to get people to check them out.  Heck, I even see movies I'd normally skip--and you know what, "21 Jump Street" was surprisingly funny!!   They offer a lot for the community:  TED talks, midnight movies, kids weekend afternoon movies, local beer, guest speakers (from famous directors to actors), etc. Please support them and spread the word!!!   Get on their email list! ---------------------------------------------- NOTE:  The seats vary in width...there's a guide to the seats on the main doors heading into the theater.  If you weigh under 180, they'll all work, but for big people, try to get their early enough to claim one of the premium seats.  I'm 5'10" and 260, and I had to work to squeeze into what I assume was a regular seat.
Awesome! Seriously, from the moment I walked in the doors and saw the movie monster murals, I was awed. The new owners did a fab job decorating the place. The theater inside is roomy and not cramped at all. The menu is small but it was still hard to choose because everything sounded delicious. We ended up with hot-dogs (excellent, with fresh buns from Bakery Moderne) and a large bowl of popcorn (with touches from the popcorn fixin' bar!). A large pitcher of soda was just the right amount too. Table-side service is neat! My kids are 17 and 12 and they loved this place, said they preferred it over the other theaters in town and I agree. I'm looking forward to bringing my husband here on a date night.
First visit to Sun-Ray Cinema today to see Django.  The theater is fantastic!  The screen looks great, the sound system is awesome.  Having real food and drinks available and a table to put them on is terrific. The popcorn was great!  Tasted like you would make at home.  Being able to buy a pitcher of soda was a definite plus.  The nachos...OMG...the nachos were terrific. I am gluten intolerant, so I couldn't try the pizza.  It looked really good though. I love that they have an intermission, although I wish it were a bit longer.  It was 5 minutes - which is only enough to go to the bathroom OR get more food.  If it was 10 minutes I could have done both without missing any of the movie.  That's the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars. Also, the child of the 80's in me thoroughly enjoyed a spirited game of Ms. Pac-Man in with my husband in the lobby.  Next time...Galaga.
Tops.  Will drive across town to see films here over anywhere else.  The food is fantastic.  Very cool laid back atmosphere with great local beers.
best theater in jax. maybe the best in FL. one of the best in the US. only bad part is the clouds of smoke you sometimes have to enter or exit through. other than that an outstanding establishment.
This is a cool and fantastic place. It's not that crowed when I want to go see a movie that just came out. The food is great and the prices are not that bad.
Great place!  Go and make sure to tell your friends.  We were there this past Sat for the showing of Oz.  Pretty good movie, good beer, great theatre.  The staff here are always pleasant, that includes the dude that had been banished to the ticket window out front that evening.  They have the best popcorn in town and a wide assortment of shake on spices for you to add.  The beer is cold, the sound system great, if a bit loud and the screen is nice and bright. The crowd is a step up from the usual cell phone checking, make you want to shoot death lasers out of the back of your seat, usual movie theatre types too.  They have first run and some really interesting indy showings here. Check the marquee for listings and showtimes.
This is a great venue and a true Jacksonville treasure!  The theatre is roomy and their film programming is pretty great (a nice balance of mainstream and art house films). I even love their pre-show programming and the fact that there are intermissions during the films (gives a an old school vibe).  Awesome!
Love this place! Small theater with comfy seats that caters to grownups = brilliant! I'm short, so I'm grateful that the seats are far enough apart that even tall people don't block my view. The beer and candy are local, which is super awesome. The previews are crazy. The movie starts at the time listed, not after another 20 minutes of previews thank you! It's always nice and quiet. I haven't had the real food yet (just popcorn, candy and beer) but it always looks good. Overall, if you are an adult (or a mature kid) looking for a nice place to watch a movie, this is your place.
I've been to Sun-Ray Cinema twice, and I've enjoyed both movies better than a traditional movie theater. Sure, it does feel like a I'm going back to my childhood watching movies at the St. Johns 8 with creaky seats and a screen that I have to strain my neck to watch, but the delicious Sun-Ray Wit makes up for all the non-stadium seating.  I especially, love the trailer warning patrons not to ask their neighbor questions and that the table is not a super high ottoman.
Not worth the price of the ticket usually, but the fact they allow and provide alcohol helps get through some of the modern crap they try to pass off as movies these days.
Sun-Ray Cinema is a really nice change up from going to the regular movies.  I would have rated this place 5 stars, but due to comfort I had to knock a star off.  Sun-Ray is located in 5 points, so parking can be tricky at certain times of the day or week.  There's only one screen and they do show multiple movies a day and sometimes themed days  They were celebrating Alfred Hitchcock in April, which is what brought us in.  What better way to celebrate your birthday then watching Psycho on the big screen!  Price was just right - only $7.50!  So how this place works:  When you walk in, you go to the counter to order your food...unless you don't want food, but that's boring!!  So you order your food and drinks and depending on what you order, they may hand it to you or will give you one of those vibrating/light devices and come bring it to you at your seat.  They have a great selection of different types of snacks and foods.  They sell beer and wine as well.  So my friend opted for popcorn and a beer.  They gave her the popcorn right there.  I have to say, the popcorn was kind of funky tasting.  It was regular buttered popcorn, but it was sweet.  Probably wouldn't get it if I went back.  Now I decided to get the knick knacks and queso, which were brought to my seat.  It only took about 15 minutes after ordering.  The knick knacks were homemade breadsticks and they were off the chain good.  The queso was outstanding .  I said basically those breadsticks and queso hook, lined and sunk me because I would come back just for that!!!   The seats are set up with a long wooden bar like table going across the whole row of seats.  It was a little far away from the actual seat to eat at it like a table.  If my meal wasn't so awesome that I needed to keep it in my lap, I probably would have been annoyed.  The seats were really uncomfortable unfortunately.  They're very slim and close together.  Basically if you have hips or aren't of "average" size, you're going to get stuck.  The seats were tolerable for our movie, but I'm sad to say I don't think I could last a whole day at one of their themed nights.  They just recently had an Iron Man day where they were showing Iron Man 1, 2,3 and the Avengers.  We just couldn't stand sitting that long in the chairs.  Overall, this place is really great and unique.  It's a fun time and something different.  I just couldn't make this my main theater for seeing recently released movies.
If you like indie movies this is the only spot in town. And a nice spot it is, Friendly, comfy and without pretense.  We go every chance we get.  Please support them
