This is such a cool and unique theater!!  We came here recently for the first time and were impressed.  We looked around and read as many as much of the historical details hanging on the walls as we could. The theater itself is beautiful and you are even allowed to bring your drinks into the theater - yay!
I have been to several productions at this theater and have to say I just love the ambiance here!  Ticket prices vary contingent on the artist or play performance, but cost wise nothing has seemed outlandish so far!  Bonus!! This is a clean, well maintained facility and the ushers always have a professional demeanor.  There is nothing worse than being dressed to the nines for a beautiful performance of say Phantom, and then the 18 year old usher ignores you, while talking on his cell, smacking his gum.... Yes, that will be a different review entirely! The only fault I find with this gorgeous Jacksonville hot spot is that the theater seats are very small and the isles thin.  So I always pray to the theater gods that a fellow ticket holder in my isle doesn't have to get up to answer natures call during a performance.  I have long legs and inevitably have to stand up to allow others to pass through.   Yes, theater gods,  please put all my neighbors calls of nature on hold...at least until intermission. Great productions here in a beautiful location, a definite MUST DO for all Jacksonvillians!
Saw the Bayanihan Philippines Dance Performance. WIth 20% of all FIlipinos in Florida living here, they better come to Jacksonville! Acoustics are great in the Florida Theatre, but the view would be even cooler if the seats were at a slant so that I could see better over the tall people in front of me. If it isn't a sold out show and there are spots empty, they sometimes let you sit closer in a vacant seat. They serve alcoholic drinks here, but since I was with my son and had to drive home afterwards, I didn't bother. Just coming here in general is a really cool thing. There is a lot of history in this theatre. I wonder how many classic celebs have sat in that auditorium and turned their attention to that stage. One famous performance was Elvis -- made famous not just by Elvis himself, but by the coverage his performance received from LIFE magazine due to a judge who attended the show to monitor his dance moves. Back in the 20s they had a roof garden. Really? They should bring that concept back during the summer. It's a really classy venue. Great place to wow a date. Just make sure you have short people sitting in the seats in front of you.
Going to the Florida Theatre is like taking a step back in time--when people got dressed up to go to the movies--to concerts--to plays--to just about anything really! The building itself is beautiful and the seats comfy. I have seen many a concert here including Tori Amos circa 1995! One of the best was seeing Norah Jones when she first hit the music scene. Amazing!! Other than concerts, I always look forward to the Summer Film Series. The movies are typically "classics", think Breakfast at Tiffany's. Tickets are fairly cheap--around 5 bucks and makes for relaxing Summer Sunday afternoon.
I've been to dozens of show there. Great venue!
From seeing Bon Jovi perform acoustic to being on stage myself in dance recitals, I love the Florida Theatre. It's definitely a great venue to see a variety of shows or even a movie during the Jax Film Fest. It's got the old style feel and definitely makes you feel like you're in a landmark. The lobby can become a little crowded while you're waiting for the ushers to start taking tickets. My advice (if it's not raining & you don't have to pee) is to wait outside. It's not a general admission venue, so you're not going to lose your seat. I truly hope as the building ages, that they keep the building in good condition. This is a beautiful landmark the city should never lose.
You have to love this place. It is very pretty. Not a bad seat in the place. Great sound, nice staff, decent bar! I've been to many shows here and I have no complaints. And for me that alone, is a miracle!!! ;-)
The Florida Theatre is a TRUE venue in Jacksonville. They host a wide variety of acts in a beautiful atmosphere that can only be described as classic. From the heavy, red curtains to the gold, engraved ceilings, this venue is simply gorgeous. I've seen calm, intimate shows here, like when Citizen Cope played an-all acoustic set on stage by himself as the crowd sang along with every word. I've seen raucous rock shows, like when Primus set up two giant moon men on stage and tore the the house down as only Les Claypool can. Whatever the show, this theater provides a stunning backdrop. A few points to consider. Even at the craziest of shows, there will be people inexplicably glued to their seats. Now, I like to dance at a show, especially one that is danceable, but these people will inevitably accuse you of blocking their view. Sort of a buzzkill, but can't blame the theater for that. Also, they stop serving drinks about 30 minutes before the shows end so make sure you stock up. (The drinks are VERY strong so you may not even need that last one!) Overall, this venue is a nod to the past and a real gem in Downtown Jacksonville. If you haven't made it to an event here, you need to!
I haven't been to millions of music venues but I've been to quite a few and I have to say the Florida Theatre is one of the best--not just in Jacksonville, but anywhere I've been in the country.  The sound, the [artistic, somewhat Victorian] vibe, the location... the Florida Theatre has it all. Not only is it all the things everyone says, its worth noting how clean this place is for a venue that does live music.  Even some of the most famous places in the country [the Filmore and CBGB's, for example] are downright scary compared to our little gem.  Sometimes the grime is part of the vibe, sure, but we should all be grateful to have such a nice place here in town. While they are certainly doing fine, I think we should all keep it in mind to support places like this.  They do so much to enhance the experience of living here in Jacksonville and we should do what we can to keep them here.
This place actually reminds me of the Fox Theater in Atlanta.  The inside isn't as amazing as the Fox but you can tell they have put a lot of work into the place to keep it up.  I would have picked other colors than rust and pea soup green though... It is a great venue to see various types of acts.  Since moving to Jax, I have seen quiet a number of shows here like Jane's Addiction, The XX, and Lewis Black.  Not to mention they are constantly trying to get bigger acts in.  I saw just the other night they have Bill Engvall, Kevin James and Margaret Cho coming. Of course, like all venues, the drinks are over priced and watered down but that isn't really a complaint as much as a desire for all venues to stop that nonsense. I would tell anyone to get on their mailing list so you can keep up with your favorite bands and artists.  They could use some donations too so they can keep great names coming this way.
Great venue & acts. Too bad mgmt doesnt have a clue in managing rude, noisy, late patrons. 0 for 2 pleasant experiences. I'm done.
Fantastic theatre.. Have seen many bands perform here over the years and it doesn't get much better.   Even the artists will usually comment on what a great theater it is. Just seen David Garrett perform here and the acoustics were excellent..
This place is amazing!! I love the vintage look and feel of it all! I could spend hours in here watching plays, movies, concerts... I wish I could just sit in the balcony and read a book! The atmosphere is tranquil and exciting all at the same time. My absolute favorite theatre!!
A really fun venue.  We saw a couple film festival movies here, which was neat.  The sound is really good.  The seats could be (as others have said) raised a little bit more for short people like myself, but it's not bad.  The place is beautiful, and the volunteers are really helpful there.  We saw John Waters last night.  He was AMAZING, but I was a little embarrassed for the elderly ticket takers...  I hoped they left before being subjected to the filth of his show! All in all, we will see as many shows here as possible, because we like it that much.  There is a parking lot practically across the street where you can park for $10.  Very convenient.
This a great place for community and business events.
I would like to first say that if you don't know who Esperanza Spalding is, you need to find out ASAP. Tonight's concert was absolutely PHENOMENAL and the Florida Theatre's atmosphere had everything to do with the awe-inspiring effect Miss Spalding and her band had on the crowd! The acoustics were out of this world, and of course it sounded great to me because I was in the 2nd row (lol) but at one point I had to break myself away from the enchanting music and jog to the bathroom; needless to say I could have enjoyed myself just as much at the double door entrance. It is a beautiful building, old but well taken care of (like a favorite grandparent lol). Large enough to seat a substantial amount of people, but not a labrynth coliseum type where if you leave your seat to do anything, good luck finding your way back. In an odd way, it is very cozy! I will definitely start frequenting this venue more often; it is completely non-profit and all proceeds are in order to keep this building standing and to support live music. Oh, and I guess I got lucky because according to the other reviewers, the seats are very small and there isn't mch leg room...I'm here to tell ya ladies and gentlemen, I am 6'0 and had enough space to cross my legs without bumping it into the seat in front of me. The only time space became a problem is when someone had to go use the bathroom...we literally had to dang near stand in our seats to let them by...and I was on the end so my musical zone was interrupted more then a couple of times lol Other than that, no complaints at all from me; plenty of parking outside the theater (there is an event parking garage convienently placed only one block over, and an event parking lot right across the street) and the seats are perfectly set up so that no matter where you are, the music as well as visibility is perfectly clear. This is definitely a Jax favorite for me!
Got to see Goo Goo Dolls here and really loved this venue.  It was tough to find parking but found a garage for $5...would have been easier if I hadn't passed it the first time.  I loved the ambiance and style and wish I had more time to take it all in but we were running late.  The ushers were helpful and took us right to our seats.  The sound was great and there really isn't a bad seat in the place.  Like most theaters, expect to at least stand up, if not move out of the way, for people trying to pass by you to get to their seats.  I'd definitely love to see another show here.
Perfect. Old school venue that does it right. Well, except for when they told me they don't sell the good beer upstairs. Anyway, saw Dwight Yoakam here and we loved both him and the venue. Hope to see more shows here.
This is about as good of a place you can go to see a concert. I just recently saw the Avett Brothers here and was absolutely blown away. First off the building itself is beautiful. Huge old chandeliers hang from the ceiling and the walls are so ornate. The clam shell stage is awesome and they had a bar set up on damn near every level. Now to the acoustics. I really don't think there is a bad seat. You can hear everything clear as a bell. Great venue, I'd highly recommend.
I visited here for a concert recently, and man was I impressed with the acoustics! Sound was so crisp, the view, however, not so much. I wish the sears were raised a little more making it easier for shorter people like me. Parking is very convenient and relatively cheap. $10 for events.I'll wane you though, from what my friend and I could find after walking the area a couple of times, it appears all of the decent dining places close by shut down at 3 pm on Fridays so keep that in mind when going out to a show.
Love this place,..true peice of Jacksonville history! Used to be the "downtown" the theater for movies,...historic and cool,..now a concert venue,.,not a bad seat in the house,...fun for all!
They don't make them like this anymore.  Jacksonville's Florida Theatre epitomizes the classic beautifully crafted theater, now used for performances rather than for movies, which might have probably been the case at one time.   The style is predominately Moorish and the craftsmanship is outstanding.  It reminds me of Santa Barbara's historic Arlington Theater, but it is different enough and the desired impact and theme are also different.  It is by no means small, but it appears somewhat compact.  That's because the balcony projects quite a ways forward over the main floor seating.  The amount of seating on the balcony, which even has an upper loge, is extensive.  The views from wherever you may be seating, or standing in my case, are impressive. Clearly, one who goes to an entertainment event here will get to experience the Florida Theatre.   However, there are select times on the city's calendar of events when a person can experience the theater via a tour conducted for a small group.  I'm glad I got to visit this beautiful entertainment venue.
Beautiful theater in the heart of downtown Jax. Walking into this theater is like stepping back in time. The architecture is incredible and if you close your eyes you'd almost think you were about to watch a broadway play in New York. The only criticism I have are for the restrooms. They are so outdated and completely clash with the place.
For an old theater it was very comfortable to watch a movie. Saw Batman there today for their summer classic movie series. They have a smallish concession stand that does serve beer and some wine. It is extremely dark in the theater once they turn off the lights, but I guess it should be that way. All in all I enjoyed it.
This theatre has been around since 1927, four generations of amazing performances with near perfect acoustics. I've seen quite a few shows here, but the latest was Ray Lamontange with opener Jenny Lewis. The seats are decently comfy, and as I've gotten older, I enjoy sitting to watch a show, instead of slicing my way through a crowd to get right up front. The theatre is absolutely gorgeous, although, could probably use a bit of work (I looked up and saw some paint peeling off of the underneath of the balcony. I will tell you, during a show, the bathrooms are a pain in the you-know-what, but that pretty much goes for any live performance. I tend to run upstairs, (there are two ladies rooms up there, even though they only have about 3 stalls each) and of course, waiting in line for a beverage will take awhile. All are just a part of the concert experience, so no complaints, just be aware. :) Jenny and Ray were outstanding, and they both filled the theatre with each of their own unique voices and styles. Sound was warm and full. I was super disappointed in some of the concert goers, who proceeded to talk through the last half of the show. I guess their attention span in about the length of  Vine clip, and I couldn't get over how disrespectful it was to the artists and other concert goers. So hey, young girl talking so loud and showing your boyfriend pictures on Facebook during the show..... YOU SUCK. (Sorry, had to vent.) That of course has nothing to do with the theatre, which I love, and will back for many, many more great performances that decide to bless Jacksonville with their awesomeness.
Lately it seems like there aren't as many shows here as their used to be (my guess would be that this is a result of the St. Augustine Amphitheater stealing away artists who may have played here). That said, it's an awesome place to see a show. The theater itself is gorgeous (be sure to look up after you come up the stairs but before you get into the theater itself) and the size is nice. It's a nice, mid-sized place so even if you're in the "bad" seats, they're not all that bad. As other people have mentioned, the entry/lobby area can get really crowded. Also, they could use more bathrooms (what venue couldn't?). Prices for drinks are what you'd expect at a place like this, parking can be hit or miss but there are a few lots around that aren't too expensive (that is going to depend more on what you're there for than anything else). I love the way it's been kept up and hope that continues.
The Florida Theatre is a unique and historic piece of Jacksonville. The indoor theatre holds events both big and small. You can see kid/family concerts like Imagination Movers, Sid The Science Kid, & The Wiggles. Or more adult concerts like John Legend and Sheryl Crow. The theatre has a lot of history and it shows in the decor. And that's a good thing. I always have a good experience when coming to Florida Theatre. I fell that there really isn't a bad seat in the place. The ushers are some of the best, really nice and helpful. All around the place shows great customer service.
It's neat seeing venues like this and I'm glad Jax has one AND that I had a chance to visit. Not quite 5* stars because there is no real drop-off area, parking is tricky and the lines to wait in outside to get inside should be better managed. Inside it's rather stunning with some great architectural detail. Our show started about 15 minutes late, but the MC came out and made a few announcements so that we were not left wondering what was happening.
This is one of the greatest classic old style theatres in the south with awesome ambiance, comfortable seating, and excellent acoustics.
Very cool theatre. A little small, but I think it's perfect for what it serves and the location. Would love to come back and see more events here. Very clean and the stage area is gorgeous.
You are foolish if you do not cherish this place for what it is and how it is frozen in time. Do yourself a favor and take in on The Waterfront coming up for the summer music classics. You will not find better pricing and if you buy the summer pass 10 visits for $45 so it you do the couple thing that is $4.50 a movie serious and the beer and popcorn combo. If you can beat it anywhere in town please let me know., I Love this venue as much as a cherish Jacksonville.
I was here to see Dave Chappelle and was excited that he was at this particular venue. The inside was very nice and the theatre has been well taken care of.  Pretty good seating with enough space. My only complaint was it was sweltering inside! Maybe from all the bodies and hot breath laughing at the comedian lol. Other than the heat, the venue was clean, drink prices were to be expected - overpriced for cheap beer (eye roll)- and long lines for seating/tix checks..the usual. I look forward to my next outing here.
The Florida Theater is beyond beautiful. It is one of the most amazing buildings in Jacksonville. It is such an experience to walk in - prepared to be wowed. One of my favorite things they do is the classic summer movie events, they pick an awesome selection of classic Hollywood cinema for a $7 price tag, and you have the perfect summer afternoon!
