I haven't tried any food, and drinks sometimes take a while to get, but that's because the server's have a million people to serve on the busy nights and are busy entertaining everyone while singing and dancing on stage. It's a ton of fun! I love the tambourines. Some of my friends think that HM has too old of a crowd to have fun, but since I'm a person that could care less about who's around me and I'm not trying to find some random guys to hook up with, I love it. If you're carefree, genuinely carefree, then go here. Have a blast, laugh it up. My friend and I think it's hilarious with the singing and mini dance routines and I love shaking the tambourine thinking I'm a pro. It also gives me a slight Coyote Ugly vibe because there are sometimes girls dancing on the bar top or in booths. Just don't touch the light fixtures! I heard that people have gotten in trouble for that. I'd say go if you're looking for something different from all the other bars in Jacksonville. A+ in my book.
I went here while visiting some friends in the Jacksonville area. The atmosphere was something really different and fun but the food was just ok. My ceasar salad had WAY too much pepper in and on it, as did my friend's steak (it was blue cheese crusted, but the pepper was still overpowering). Also, there was shell fragments in the crap cakes that we were splitting. In addition, everything was overcooked (a "medium" steak with no pink in it and the crab cakes definitely tasted overcooked). Together we spent over $50 and I guess I just expect the food to be a little better for that price. That being said, it still gets 3 stars for the different atmosphere. Yeah, it's so loud that you can't hear the person next to you talking, but who cares, you get tambourines and a dinner show!
If I were into singing & dancing on top of tables, this place would totally be where I hung out -- but I'm not.. I've gone to Harmonious Monks on numerous occasions. Though, it's never my choice of places to go. The service is always so-so. The servers are fun if you get one that is having a good day. We've had some pretty rude servers on occasion. They're rare, but I don't forget bad service.. The place gets a little too loud & too packed for me. If you love singing, table dancing, tambourines, an older crowd, and gigantic beers -- this place is for you.
I guess, if you are into this kind of thing, it is great. I, however, am not that into this kind of thing. But I still found ways to enjoy myself, so that must mean something! It kind of reminds me of Coyote Ugly, except for three things: 1) They serve food. Fried bar food, but its still pretty tasty. 2) The servers are not gorgeous model types in tiny clothes. 3) The servers get up on stage and sing and play instruments with the band, showcasing their talents and not their "goods". This place can be a lot of fun. It gets loud, it's kind of wild, and there is a lot of interaction between the crowd and the band. They make fruity shots that will loosen you up. And it's always exciting and somewhat prideful when YOUR waiter jumps on stage to show off their skillz. I do not dig the location, way out in deep Mandarin. But, its a nice enough place and a good time while you're there. Just name a DD or plan on an expensive taxi ride.
I honestly don't see what the fuss is about. For one, it is obnoxiously loud in there.  Insanely loud.  My friends and I could not hear a word we were saying.  In fact, we couldn't even get a table facing each other.  We had to sit in a line so we could only see the person right next to us. For once, the wait staff was great.  He was friendly, very helpful and attentive.  But after one drink of not hearing anything but bad music pounding in our ears, we had to go. I don't think I will be going back.  It just isn't my style.  I prefer places where I can drink, talk and hear myself think.
Harmonious Monks is hands down the most entertaining way to enjoy a night out in Jacksonville - Probably top ten in all of Florida.   This theme restaurant boasts the "World's Most Talented Waitstaff", and it's no joke.  From the time dinner is on (about 7 - 8pm) it is live and lively entertainment. Good times are a sure thing as the very person who just brought you a round of liter sized beers jumps up on the stage and belts out a tune. Some of the music is classics, some is interactive, but all of it builds up to the late night show, when audience members are encouraged to get up and dance on their seats, whack tambourines, and sing along. Never a cover charge, the food is pretty tasty, and the staff fantastic. Where else can you get dinner and a great show for just the price of dinner?  Five stars!
The women's bathroom is nasty. Truck stop worthy! There was no crowd. You can't have karaoke with no crowd. There was a sign on the door stating Ladies Night - but the bar was 80% men... so am I missing something? I've tried this bar three times... and always the same. Avoid the bathroom and it will be an OK night.
When I lived near Mandarin, this was a fun choice for a night out with friends. The waitstaff is ridiculously talented (well at least they have been in the past!). One girl sang like Stevie Nicks. No joke! The food is fairly good--the beer is flowing --come with a relaxed attitude and you won't be disappointed.
talented and singing waiters. dancing on the bar/tables. live bands. 1 liter beer mugs. no cover. packed crowds. All in Jacksonville? Well believe it baby!! My friends and I make this dive bar a MUST every time I am in town :)
Haven't been in years but was always a good place for a group celebrating a special occasion. Music is fun, they really involve the audience and the food is surprisingly good.
No cover on the Saturday we went, -- yes, FREE admission. The crowd was mostly older people in their late 30's, 40's and up. Many of them were dancing on seats and tables. The vibe and atmosphere was very festive, and brought to mind the song Margaritaville. Many of the songs were older rock songs and some country. After the sub-par food lasttime, I decided not to order the food this time. I'd take my mom here. She might enjoy the revelry.
What a concept!  Dinner and drinks (lots and lots of drinks!) - then the waitstaff jumps on stage to entertain everyone.  The owner, Dennis, is very talented and proudly brags that Harmonious Monks has the "Most Talented Waitstaff" - and that is no lie.  Diverse too!  Singing oldies, hit songs, country, rap... it is almost like watching REALLY REALLY good karoke.  The staff is very friendly, interactive and the atmosphere is lots of fun.  This is a MUST on the itinerary if you are in or around the Mandarin area!
I was looking for a place to set up a surprise birthday party, and I was wanting something more than the usual chain-restaurant dinner party. I looked this place up but was concerned by previous, negative reviews. Regardless, the party was a huge success. The food isn't anything special but my best friend claimed she was "Very impressed" by her wrap which surprised me. The music and singing are great. They really try to involve everyone and bring guests of their shell in a non invasive and annoying way. The only downside was that our server obviously ignored our table and provided horrible service. We all agreed he could sing though.
This place has great atmosphere!! Probably some of the best in Jax. They invited people on stage to sing, they played the instruments, the band was great!! For those of you who like beer - drink the beer. The security staff handled everything very well last Saturday and therefore the fun of places didn't stop...until that 2am closing time of course...
So, the GF and I were on a weekend out and we wandered our way into this place (actually we reserved our way in.... LOL)  The first appearance atmosphere was not so bad, pretty quiet at about 7pm.  We were seated and it took probably about 3 minutes before the cutest little waiter boy came to take our orders.  The orders were delivered by the managers and kitchen staff (which confused the crap outa me, since our waiter was not busy and we were his only table) but the food was really outa this world.  Our appetizer was a suggestion from the waiter - the spinach artichoke dip, which comes with chips and toasted bread was heaven.  I ordered the bangers and mash (which goes well with my part Irish heritage) and she had her usual burger (add mushrooms of course).  Dessert was, again, the waiters advice (he refered to them as little golden fried bites of goodness) the fried cheesecake.  They came complete with chocolate syrup, whipped cream and *how cute* a cherry on top.  The crowd participation is a tambourine on the table and the "birthday act" for those celebrating just about anything.  We had a good time, but feel like this may be a better experience with friends instead of alone.  Food quality and the cheery waiter with the excellent tips gets my 4 stars, otherwise its a 3....
