A coworker told me about this place about a year or so ago and I had intended on going but never did. Then last Christmas my office had our christmas party here one afternoon for lunch. There were 3 other offices that had the same idea. The food at the restaurant was good and typical for that kind of place. We stopped in here last night to play in the arcade as we weren't ready to go home yet. It was Saturday night and it was REALLY loud in the place. I don't know that I would be able to bowl with all that noise. Or maybe I'm just old. LOL We had fun in the arcade. We're thinking about joining the paid loyalty program because you get your value back in games alone. I like the idea that you also get into all their movies for free as I LOVE going to the movies but it gets expensive to go often. This place reminded me of a place called Shenanigans we had in Texas except it doesn't have Laser Tag! If this place had laser tag it would be even more awesome!
Latitude 30 is the Dave & Buster's for an even OLDER crowd.  I went on a Saturday night, which I understand would be busy, and my group waited for a bowling lane.  We were told an hour, which we spent playing games in the arcade area and drinking at the bar.  The arcade workers were very helpful when we saw the basketball game had all of the balls stuck in the net, but we already swiped our card.  Wait for drinks at the bar didn't take long, and I commend the fast bartending on a busy night.  Bowling prices and drink prices are fair and affordable. However, after an hour passed, we checked the wait for our bowling lane and they said another 30 minutes.  After asking again after that, it was another 30 minutes.  We eventually got our lane well after 2 hours of waiting. The cover band on Saturday was absolutely HORRIBLE.  There was a $5 cover charge that I would've gladly doubled, no TRIPLED, so the band would NOT play any more.  I'm not sure if they play there often, but Latitude 30 would be better off just playing a radio station. Our waiter on our bowling lane was terrible.  He often favored talking to pretty women rather than taking our orders.  Most of the time, I just walked up to him at the server area and told him what I wanted.  This is just a comment on that particular waiter though. There's a lot of entertainment variety in one building, and it's open late.  It's a good place to go with a group of friends, but be prepared to spend a good amount of time waiting.
When Latitude 30 first opened, it reminded me of a grown up Dave & Busters.  I was afraid children would be allowed to run amok, but much to my delight, that hasn't happened!  Located on Philips Highway like a neon green beacon in the night sky, Lat 30 combines an arcade,  bowling alley, comedy club, movie theater, bar, and restaurant into one.   I've actually never been in the dining room, but have visited all the other activities.  The arcade is small but has the usual suspects you'd expect in an arcade.  This is where the kiddos hang out - until the curfew kicks in.  Then it's people who've had a few too many and want to pretend they're a rock star on Guitar Hero.   The bowling lanes are standard with comfy couches instead of hard plastic chairs.  The lanes fill up fast, so get there early or make a reservation.  They offer bowling specials certain nights, so make sure to check out the specials online. The comedy club is pretty comfy.  I saw a show recently and really enjoyed the headliner.  The room is also available to rent and a couple years ago I attended a private event there.  It was pretty comfy and a large enough space that allowed a big group of stuffy corporate types to relax for the evening. The movie theater is set up like your living room.  Couches and small tables to hold your snacks.  The servers will deliver your food/drinks directly to your cushion.  My only complaint is the couches are crazy wide.  At 5'5", I have short legs and couldn't touch the ground if I was sitting all the way back.  I ended up kind of sitting all curled up in a ball or cross legged like a pretzel - much like I do in my recliner at home. The main bar area has the usually high tops and stage for live music.  The act changes weekly the floor in front of the stage become the dance floor on the weekends.  It's a good time and you'll enjoy yourself if the band is good.  There are no real walls inside Lat 30, so when the band is playing, you'll hear it in the dining room, the arcade, and the bowling alley.  The movie theater and comedy show have good sound barriers I didn't hear the band until I exited.   The menu is your standard bar food/American restaurant mix.  The crab spinach dip is pretty good and I've ordered it a couple times.  The pizza is nothing special.  Drinks are standard - nothing spectacular but enjoyable. Parking can be a pain in the rear.  It gets full very quickly and once the lot is full, I've been told to park across the street in the Avenues Mall lot and cross Philips Highway.  Yeah, no thanks.  I'd prefer to not chance getting hit by a car as I run across a 6 lane highway in the middle of the night.  Also, they check IDs and will have a $5 cover after a certain time at night - maybe 9pm?  Not positive on that.  If you're arriving late, bring some cash and carpool.  Seriously.
I was quick to judge Latitude 30 when it opened. I thought it was just going to be another version of Dave & Buster's (yelp.com/biz/dave-and-bu…). And while I was right - to a degree - it's so much more. While I've only been here twice - once for a private event in the theater, once to the comedy club - I won't be so quick to say no the next time it's suggested.   On our most recent visit we were meeting up with some friends to watch a set in the comedy club. Limited bar food type menu, but full bar with decent drinks. We ordered some guacamole & chips to start, as I remembered it being quite good. And for my entree I went with the Boom Boom Shrimp Po'boy with fries. I should have opted for something different as my side. The fries were good, I just didn't need all those carbs. The po'boy sandwich was tasty and quite filling. In all honesty, I would have been fine with just the sandwich. We did join their Loyalty Club. While we haven't joined one of the 'paid' levels. We are debating it because with all the perks you get, it helps you plan your date nights for the month, that's for sure.
For lunch it's great.  I feel I get the appropriate tasting food for the price.   I came with a group of 8 and for whatever reason in a pretty empty huge  restaurant, there were no tables that would let us all sit together.  No one offered to put some tables together or anything. I've been there for dinner twice and was very disappointed.   The burger I had was super generic tasting.  Not worth $12.  Onion rings were blah.  Burger King down the road was better at half the price and the fountain drinks weren't $3. Went to play a few games and realized there were a few that needed some work.    One game's card slider thing was broken - literally on the ground still blinking.  I watched an employee glance at it while walking by and did nothing.   The wheel of Fortune touch screen was flaking out not letting you touch the letter you needed.   The Skiball machine only had 2 balls.   The basketball games net got jammed and I couldn't finish the game. The place just needs some maintenance.  It's the little things like the dust accumulating on the ceiling and stray birthday balloons caught in the ceiling.
So disappointed. We went here to relax and take our mind off a child in the jax hospital and it was such a bad idea. It started ok but got progressively worse with a rude waitress who seemed irritated by having to make orders correct and supply condiments for burgers. We asked to speak to manager that never appeared. I will never go back. Ever. We would have been happy with almost anything but the rude waitress with a massive attitude made it impossible to enjoy our time with our kids. I will never step foot in there again. We spent over $100 for attitude and disappointment. The atmosphere - minus the staff - was great. So disappointed. We needed to unwind and the girl was so rude and obnoxious. Never ever again. All so unnecessary.
I have only been to Latitude 30 once and it was for a private event in the movie theater area, Cine Grill. The layout of the whole place is really nice. Definitely lots to do. The hostesses were very helpful. Knowing it was my first time, they gave me a mini tour, told us about certain specials and the different areas. Then they took me back to where the event was being held. The theater is nice, seats are very comfortable. A plus is that you can eat while watching a movie. They have servers there to serve you throughout the movie. They also have great "happy hour" specials. I plan to go back and actually bowl next time!
Bowling - Can easily get expensive. Nice lanes, shoes, comfortable couches to chill back and taunt your competition and big screen TVs showing sports. If you order food or drinks you can have it severed to you on the lanes (at least on the couch areas.) Thursday's 7 to close is Ladies night $2 shoes, games, and drinks. Also bowling specials Sun - Thursday after 9. But the wait can really suck sometimes. (B) Comedy -  Nice comedy club that has extremely funny up and coming artist. Last person I saw was Eric Grady FOR FREE. Dude was 6'9 and historical. Join in their guest list group? and get free appetizer after so many visits and enters you in for future complimentary tickets. Service within the comedy club is hit and his. Every time we order food and/or drinks and you are with a large party someone is missed completely or given a wrong item. We wave someone close to help and they tell us they'll send out server back to us? TF why not just relay the message back so we can have the food/drink before the comedy show ends? (B-) Food - Nothing really special with the food.  What makes it worst is when you asked about the menu and the waiter/waitress says "Oh everything is good." Everyone orders something different and everyone says they should have ate somewhere else. Nothing really bad - but I can't see myself coming specifically for the food. Actually might be better to just grab something at Taco Bell. (D+) Drinks - Nice friendly bar staff that is willing to mix you anything you can image. Sit back at the blue lite bar or grab a seat with a globe drinks for the professional alcoholic. First one is more then 1/2 liquor. If you order more then one expect the amount of liquor to decrease. (What others have said) Or it could be your taste buds dying? I sipped my one ciroc and sprite all night since I was the DD. Nice mixed drink and pretty good happy hour so I had no complaints. (A-) Live Entertainment/Music - DJ's seems stuck in early 90's and before. (But not always the good parts.) I'll make them a playlist to help out. Whoomp! There It Is, Here Comes the Hotstepper, Return of the Mack, Shoop ...anything to stop them from playing I Like To Move It (Madagascar gutted that song throw it away), Gettin' Jiggy Wit It, The Wobble, or anything from Backstreet Boys, NSync, Britney Spears, or Cher. It would be nice if there was some music from this decade! Ditto with the live covers. Great musicians but just update the playlist. (C) There's also a movie theater, pool tables, and arcade - but never checked it out. Be advised there is a dress code. I'm almost certain I've seen it posted somewhere but I didn't remember to take a pic ? I've seen people ask to remove hats and tuck in chains. But I've never seen anyone approached or thrown out for wearing uggs with shorts or asked to cover an exposed nipple. Oh and don't park at Taco Bell you will get towed.
This place is fun if you want to play some games. There is dinner and a movie...bowling....a bar. Not sure if I will go back.
Loved taking my young daughter here to watch a movie! 3 year olds aren't easy but there is lots of space and adults can have a drink! Will return!
Adult-friendly is an picture perfect word for Latitude 30, complete with not only a restaurant, bowling, FULL bar, and a comedy zone for those looking for a fun night our, or even the misses. This place is also home to many corporate office events that I've attended personally here at Wells Fargo. the staff is very professional and cheerful, i label success to any business that can properly entertain a group of well-statute corporate men/woman for hours on end because I had an absolute ball being able to partake in drinks and go right back to bowling, I will definitely be being my friends and family here for future events, as well as make suggestions when I go to visit other business with my line of work, a very spectacular experience incomparable with many. 5/5
In summary, screaming kids, overpriced food with small portions, loud music, and the slowest service in the greater Jacksonville area. What's not to love?  Everything!  With so many options out there, don't eat here. And don't say "food should be out in a few minutes" more than once. 2 hours for lunch on a Monday.
1/2 priced apps 4-7  I think....Asian lettuce wrap! So good ...tasty and light but filling. I've been back here several times for various events (college football, movies etc) and for just hanging out doing the wireless workity thing. It's a great venue made even better by a quality staff. I got a chance to to talk with a Latitude partner in training... soon to be opening one in Indianapolis and I was very impressed with his perspective of the company's concept. I'm an old original Knoxville Ruby Tuesday's guy and I've worked a fair share of original restaurant concepts back in the day that didn't grow so well and some that did (Grady's / Regas Grill, Chili's, Fridays, Outback). It's a tough industry to expand a restaurant, entertainment venue like Latutude 30 but I hope they succeed cuz it really is a special place. This location in Jax across from Avenues mall is the original Latitude 30. I think that may be a big part of why I've had consistently good outings here. Most concepts are strongest at the point of origin. Take advantage of it Jacksonville. It's a special place because it is an original location. Most will enjoy the food. It's fairly creative and I've had good experience with the quality. I would prefer a higher end bourbon selection because that's my beverage of choice but I can live with what they have ...Maker's 46, Turkey 101 on the high end...ya not very tippy top shelf for the small batch / single barrel crowd :(  but the overall experience and atmosphere is well worth slummin' down the whiskey palette. Oddly enough, even with all the glitz and glam decor, it's a comfortable neighborhood bar that is a good go to for daily happy hour relief too....just wish they'd stock a better bourbon *wha wha wha*...lol...YES I have mentioned it to the bar manager.... If you haven't been, go. Try all the venues. Talk with the staff and you will enjoy the experience.
My parents came here once before I moved to town and sang it's praises, but always told me it was really expensive, so I put off going there until I was really able to afford this lavish trip. Then I decided, what the hey and planned my first trip to Latitude 30 as a surprise birthday party for my awesome boyfriend. I didn't do the catered VIP type of thing, just a simple phone call-text-message to a few close friends and asked them to join me in celebrating his birthday with some bowling that I would pay for at least one game, some cake and some video games. So the time and place were set. Everyone who was going to come RSVP'd. It was a party, y'all. The drinks were strong. The beer was cold. The shots were poured and we had a party. Sure the drinks can get pricey if you like to drink a lot, but it is well worth it if you get a decent bartender. The bowling alley actually has their own wait staff, so if the kitchen is still open and you get the munchies you can get lane-side service as you're bowling with your friends! How cool is that?! Yes, that also includes all your drinks, too. So you get the same full service at the bowling lanes while having fun without the fuss of choosing one or the other! The chairs where you can lounge around with your friends as you bowl are made to look luxurious and they are still so comfortable. I have never been good at bowling so when I get a couple of gutter balls it's nice to sit somewhere comfortable to sulk in my sorrow. On one occasion we had an issue with the pins resetting each time we bowled, so we were given time to almost finish our original hour and then given a free hour at a new lane courtesy of the management. This was a top-notch deal and we were glad they allowed us to play another hour due to the technical difficulties. I haven't had any of the food there except for the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dream. That is one dessert to absolutely swoon for. It's almost a cookie loaf, brought to you in a small loaf dish, covered with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, a mint leaf and a strawberry. Chocolate sauce drizzled all over the plate and confection. The cookie was absolutely buttery and soft and just so so bad for my diet, but it was so worth the indulgent taste of the cold ice cream against the warm cookie... and the smooth whipped cream.... *drool* OK, I'm back sorry. But it was some good dessert and I tell, I implore you, to try it next time you're in there for any reason. The price is $6.99 and with tax and tip, that was definitely the most delicious and expensive dessert for $10 bucks you'll eat a bowling alley. I guess they have to make up for the cost of their fancy leather couches. Hah! All in all, definitely a great atmosphere for kids, adults and anyone in between. They have other features there, such as the arcade which could maybe use a few more games and definitely an upgrade on their DDR, but still fun for anyone who enjoys some video games. Check it out. Love it. Try the cookie. ;)
I love going here. Especially for the bowling and games. The food and drinks  are pretty good as well. I've never watched a movie there but I hear some people swear by it. I wished though that on ladies night they would play music videos or something instead of sports.
I been here several times before and I really can't say anything bad about this place because each experience has been good. I would recommend the comedy show to anyone.
Been here a handful of times and I've never had a bad time. Arcade games, bowling, restaurant, bar food, and a bar. Lots of stuff to do for all ages. Similar to dave and busters, but I would rather go to Latitude 30 than D&Bs.
Place was fancy for bowling. .. There were couple bars. Bloody marry was awesome. Food was over price. Nothing special on the menu. A waitress at the bowling area was nice. But the waitress at the restaurant side was sucks. She had couple of people she knows sitting in front of us and she seems to just brushing us off to go sit with them and chat. Took a long time for her to take our order and a long time to bring us food.
Your better off going to Disney!   I've only been here once and it's my last. I came here to go bowling with some friends and after looking at the prices, figured I was better off going to Disney. As the prices are about the same as what you would pay going there for 1 day. It wasnt just the bowling though but everything else was over priced. Maybe some other time.
When I first walked in here I thought, "wow, this place is small".  But then I began walking around and realized there were other areas that you can't see when you first come in. I want to come back and check out their movie theater.  A theater where you can order drinks while you watch?  Yes, please!!   We stayed mostly in the "sports bar" area and it was hopping until late.  The food that went by our table all looked pretty good.  I'm interested in checking out the food here as well as the movie theater.
We went to the comedy show. The space is nice but be prepared to sit with other people. We saw Dean Napolitano, he was very funny. Afterwards, we played pool while an 80s cover band played. The food at Latitude 30 is typical bar restaurant, reasonably priced but greasy.
We had our team meeting here with dinner followed by bowling and pool.  Great way to do team building.  Our server was attentive to our needs, even as we split up into different parts of the area.  I will admit, I grumbled when I found out our meeting was at a bowling alley but was pleasantly surprised.  The place was not too loud or rowdy and there were several lanes with families.  Definitely would go back.
Food wise-good..nothing special, id eat here again if we came to bowl, but i wouldnt come just to eat. Same menu items you can find at most chain restaurants. No complaints, just nothing that made me think "WOW".
Very cool place. Lots of things you can do besides bowling. They have a little arcade area, a comedy stage, a bar, delicious food, and a movie theatre soon to open. It reminds me of Bowlmor in Manhattan. "Upscale bowling" with big flat-screen TV's suspended over the lanes, gourmet style food instead of the regular ol greasy hamburgers and fries, ultra-comfy couches for sitting on instead of the standard plastic chairs, and bowling shoes in not-as-dorky colors. But keep in mind, improvements in quality come with higher prices. The best days to take the family are Mondays through Wednesdays.  On Mondays after 5pm, they are $5 per person per game plus a shoe rental fee of $3 per person. (Before 5pm on Mondays through Friday, it's $4 per person, plus the shoe rental.) This came out to $8 per person for the first game and an additional $5 per person for the second game ($13 per person). I was paying for 4 total people, so the total was a little below $50. Wow. (Heads up, if you are in the military, you get a discount.) The rest of the week it gets hella expensive, ranging from $35 to $42 per lane per hour. Add that to the cost of food, which was about $60 or so between the 4 of us. Luckily, they have a special on that Monday. With each adult sized individual pizza, we got a FREE kid-sized individual pizza. Same for the drinks. Nice! And when we showed our receipt to the bowling desk before we left, we received 2 gift cards. I'm not sure how much was on them though. Still, that was pretty cool. As for the music? It wasn't as trendy as the mainstream stuff they played in Manhattan. Either that or Mondays are 80's night. Expect to hear Duran Duran, Modern English, etc. From what my niece said, Latitude 30 is where Toys R Us used to be. It's pretty roomy inside. Now all they need to do is throw in a nightclub and they're all set. I'd like to come back and see a comedy show.
Enough oil on the bowling lanes to FRY CHICKEN...  after our first game ... MY BALLS WERE GREASY...  sooo greasy that I almost dropped my balls on my girlfriends lap...   beer was ok....  prices a bit high... nice atmosphere...
I have been in Latitud 30 several times to play and eating there at least 4 times. The place is awesome but pricy; kids have fun but only for a few minutes because you could spend a fortune just in games. The food doesn't match the beautiful environment; in other words food was terrible and expensive. The scallops were tasteless and under cooked; the deeps taste like Tostitos sauces that you can buy at convenience stores, the baby back ribs were ok but you can get better ones at almost any other place. The band was very good and we had a very good time with the band's performance even thou the drinks were not excellent. My martini was poorly prepared and my wife's chocolate "martini" was ok. I would recommend Latitud 30 only to have fun with the games and shows if you can afford it but not for eating. The 2 stars rating is based on the eating experience.
The valet sucked. Outright. Sorry, but they were rude and need to understand that service starts with them. Oh well... We went in and had a server named Drew who was very knowledgable about the menu and on top of things. He was friendly and helpful and we loved him! The movie was fun. It was a little older but we had fun. Bowling was fun, too. I can't wait to check out the comedy club. I'm going to ask for Drew again when we go!
Had a great time but service at the main bar by the bowling alley was horrible. My girlfriend and I got to the bar and were ignored for at least 10 minutes. The place was not crowded at all and the three bartenders passed by us multiple times and did not acknowledge us whatsoever.  Needless to say the two drinks we got were very poorly made. I would only recommend this place if you had absolutely nothing else to do on a Sunday night.
Sorry Im from the north and Bowling with friends should never cost you more than 20 a couple shoes included. The bowling alleys in this city could really make some money if they stop letting this place monopolize on the Bowling Game. Beach bowl was good enough for me. I went here for a free comedy show this night. I won some tickets. The food was good but the darn comedian repeated the same jokes right behind each other bec she was reading them off her cell. How can you not know you just said something though... smh. I felt like I was the only one that noticed... these people were laughing twice.. I was looking like.. NO Lady..
Not bad. We only did the bowling but it was comfy and fun. Staff was very friendly. You can get the full bar options and bar menu while you bowl. I like the big, comfy leather couches that you can lounge in. Definitely more appealing than the chairs at the bowling alley! It was pretty equitable in price, too, since we weren't bowling on a weekend night. I did take a look at the game room, which didn't seem like much. Dave and Buster's has more variety and room. I think the real highlight of Latitude 30 is the bowling.
Went here with some friends to enjoy a comedy show. While the atmosphere, bowling, venue, etc...deserve a solid 4, maybe a 4 1/2 stars... The food and service just flat out stunk.. Our waitress seemed overwhelmed. Took forever to get drinks. She forgot them twice. Forgot extra lemons three times. Then we ordered, that went seemless and food arrived in a fairly decent time. I got the Slider Sampler. They tasted like something microwavable I would give my 11-year-old. The Buffalo chicken dip was okay. Our friends got nachos which were enormous, but everything tasted cold and stale.. Guess it was an off night for them. Finally the waitress brought our bill and it was totally screwed up. Had to send it back twice to be charged correctly... All in all the night was okay, I mean we had fun at the comedy show and would probably go back for another. But next time maybe choose to eat before hand somewhere else.
Decent food.  Small game room.  But they do have a lot of everything.   Went there with the family.  We were in the sports bar and ordered appetizers.  Food was good.  Our normal standard for events like this is D&B.  D&B has a much larger game room.  But that's about the only advantage they have over Latitude 30.  Bowling, music and more are here.   3 stars due to the game room size.  The kids got a little board after a while.  But it is still a fun place to go to and they do have some good specials.
Its a nice place. We went on a Saturday night the restaurant area was closed so it was hard to find seating by the bar. They had a live band playing they were ok I was happy when they put regular music on . Drink prices were good. Not so great bartenders. Sucks they all share the tips. I liked one girl but the others were awful.
Earlier this week, my friend took me to Latitude 30 for the first time. I would describe Latitude 30 as a glorified Dave and Busters. Parents can actually bring children here; however, at 10pm, they start checking your id. I guess that's when they expect young ones to skedaddle. There is a small arcade area, not as big as Dave and Busters though. You would need to create a card to play games. There is a bar at the heart of Latitude 30 and a dining area next to the bar. Notable features include: huge bowling lanes with sofa seating, a small movie theater, and a private stage area for performances. Latitude 30 is ideal for group meet-ups and birthday parties because it can accommodate for large groups and there are a variety of activities.
Went here for a date night with another couple.  I heard that parking was a beast, if you didn't use their valet. But we had no problems finding a spot.  I partly give that to the nascar driving skills of my honey! I was impressed by all of the neat things they offer once you get inside.  I had no idea!  There's a small game room, a bar type setting with TV's to watch the game and eat, another little bar like area where the band plays, you can dance there! Bowling with big white comfy couches, a movie theatre and the comedy club.  Now that's a lot to offer in one place!   We came for the comedy club.  We were a little early because they ask that you get there no later than 7:30 for the 8:00 show.  We wanted to eat dinner, so it worked out for us.  There weren't a lot of people in there when we arrived, and our server did come right over.  However, that is where the fast service ended!  Seems like it took forever to get our drinks and all we ordered was a bucket of beer and an unsweet tea!  I'm pretty sure two of the beers were gone before that unsweet tea arrived.  Really!?! It's unsweet tea, not a long process to make.  Oh and the lemons for that unsweet tea... well those suckers must have been in high demand because my honey had to chase her down to get them! Not once or twice but three times we waited on lemons!  Poor Jane had to wait to enjoy her unsweet tea.  Our food came out in a timely manner.  We got the slider plate, and you can tell they were not fresh but previously frozen.  I didn't care for them.  We also got the chips and buffalo chicken dip, I loved the chips because they were salty!  The dip was delicious to me as well, I don't think my honey thought so though.  The other couple got a huge plate of nachos, and although I did not try em, they looked tasty!  You know I couldn't pass up dessert.... I ordered the chocolate chip ice cream dream thing... it came out super fast and was gone super fast!  That is a must try! YUMMO!  The bills were all wrong and were sent back once or twice to correct.  Our server had way too many tables to deal with which made service stink. The show started like 30 minutes late.  Which wasn't too bad for us because we always have great conversation at the table with this couple.  Mike and Jane get on YELP!!!  There were three comedians, the first guy didn't have a chance, the crowd gave him hell.  I kinda felt for him.  The second guy was by far the best!  Funny man right there.  and the headliner guy, well... I was expecting big things from him because he has his own show on tv.  Eh, not so funny to me.  I had to force my laughs with him. All in all, the night was a fun time.  And despite the crappy customer service, we will be back! oh and they gave us free movie tickets! so yeah... we will be back! hehehe
Terrible food. Even worse service. The waiters openly admit that most food items aren't worth ordering from the menu - problem is, almost everything taste bad. The customer service people at the bowling counter did not have my reservation after I had put it in with someone else. They were very rude and didn't seem to care that me and my friends had to wait an additional hour. The only plus is the complimentary valet. The gameroom is very limited and is overpriced, as is everything else there. For the subpar quality, this place only gets visits because its the only game in town. Save your money and go to the movies.
Went on a Saturday night and celebrated my husbands 30th there. We had 10 people and everybody had fun. We played games in the arcade, pool and danced. A fun cool place. The bowling is over priced but it's a really cool looking alley.
Bowling, dining, and video games. Plus there is a bar and movies too. This place has good prices, great staff, and lots of fun. Monday they have a kids special and they also have awesome birthday parties here. It was our first visit but we stayed for hours and we will come back for sure. My children loved it.
The two star rating is based on mainly food, service and drinks. This is my 3rd or 4th time here. Food: Bad. Over priced. Lacks taste. I ordered the calamari appetizer, a friend ordered the chicken flatbread and another ordered the southwestern rolls. The rolls were fine. The flat bread was bland and sloppily put together. It did not taste good. The calamari was super bland and the breading on it was soggy and did not seem like it should go on the calamari.$10 for the calamari and they tried to disguise the bowl it was sitting in to make it look like you're getting a lot of calamari, but I can see the bed of lettuce it was sitting on. Sneaky, sneaky! Service: First of all, they charge you $5 to get in. This was on a Saturday with a UFC fight that night in the sports area. On the email that I got about this night, it did not say anything about a charge at the door. They don't take cards so you have to go inside to use their atm machine that charges you $3. We stood around for a while looking for someone to seat us. The wait staff was too busy talking to each other at the register. When we asked one of them, they kinda shoo'ed us away, telling us to go find the hostess table on the other side of the restaurant. We went to some other waitresses and they said they're not the hostess table, but to go the other way. We spend a few minutes walking around looking for someone to just seat us. The waiter didn't know what the drink specials are. When asked, he said he will go get a book. When he came back, he forgot. He then found a drink book and gave it to us, still did not tell us if there was a drink special or promo going on. He didn't bring us any napkins or silverware. Drinks: Overpriced. Their specialty drinks are around $10 each.
Worse food ever. Bring in a real chef!!  I should have sent back the microwaved junk!
This place was a blast!  My work rented the whole facility for an evening. Dinner was better than I expected, BBQ ribs & mac and cheese were really really good and the rest was ok too. Most of my coworkers spent the night bowling, I personally played games like ski ball, danced in the main lounge and sang karaoke on the side stage. The Karaoke DJ was super nice, helpful in song selection, and even sang back up here & there. Horace in the games room was funny, helpful and entertaining. Watch out for his fake robotic spider though!  I enjoy similar places, like Dave & Busters, but Latitude 30 seemed to have a more "adult friendly" feel with multiple and prominently placed bars and very few simple childish arcade games. Since I don't have kids, I would love to have one of these closer to where I live!
Spent 20 dollars on a game card, every single game we tried to play was broken or falling apart.
I went in for a late lunch with my two boys and my parents.  Very personable staff and a wide variety for kids and adults alike.  We started off with an appetizer, crab dip, which was great but it came out after our entrees were served...apparently, our server did not put it in as an appetizer.  As stated, my parents and my meal came out but the kids meals were no where to be found.  We flagged down our server who managed to rustle them up in fast order.  The kids ordered fruit as their side and they were both served French fries. Again, our server corrected this issue in a timely manner. We all enjoyed our food, pork taco's were great. In addition, a manager came down and apologized for the service issues. He comped the appetizer.  Lots of after lunch activities for the kids. I am chalking up the issues to our server being new, would like to see new servers being shadowed....but the food was good and the atmosphere for the kids was great.  We will be back.
All I can say is I wish they had something like this in Columbia, if they did, I would certainly be a regular! My cousin and his family live in Jacksonville, FL, and just over the past weekend I was down there visiting them.  I took my 7 year old niece to Latitude 30 to catch a 12pm show of the Muppets movie.  We got there half an hour early, with time to spare, we purchased a $5 card for the arcade room (aka "Game Room"), which I believe gives you about 50 points.  There are also other value cards available depending on how much you want to do there.  Instead of a handful of tokens, you use the card for each game, you insert it in the slot, and it deducts points from your card, and then lets you play.  There are plenty of games to choose from and for us those 30 minutes flew by.  The website is thorough and has a nice listing of games available, which are both adult and kid friendly. As for bowling, we did not bowl this time, but we did bowl the time before and as other yelpers have pointed it, it has an upscale feeling to it and is really nice.  The seating is super soft and comfortable, and their menu is more sophisticated than typical burgers and fries at most bowling places (they still offer fries, but they do have other things to choose from as well!).  Price to me was very reasonable considering the upkeep of the place.  We had gone on a Friday morning and they asked $4 per person/per game, and $3 for the shoe rental.  However they constantly have deals going on and if you're budget conscious I suggest  checking out their website to find out when it's the most affordable for you to go.  For example right now they're offering a deal on Monday nights for kids - they get to eat and play for free between 4 to 9pm. The best experience for me was our movie experience.  We saw a matinee show of the Muppets movie in their Cinegrille theater, which is an intimate space that seats a 100.  The screen is still large and is 25 x 11feet, so you do feel like you're in a theater, but you also feel like you're in a home entertainment room in a rich person's mansion.  Each seat is plush and sooo amazingly comfortable.  Each seat also has its own cup holder and eating tray.  As soon as you sit down, staff great you with a smile and menus.  After you order, food is brought out on gorgeous kitchenware and you're served eating utensils in cloth napkins!  I couldn't believe we got all of this for only $5 movie tickets!  Of course we had to pay for the food, but the experience was definitely something I would imagine a $15 ticket would cover, not $5!  The best part was that the movie was good too, not just the experience! Latitude 30 is one of a kind and not only has an arcade, bowling alley, and movie theater, but there is also night entertainment where you can go dancing in their Axis Live Nightclub or catch a comedy show in their Latitude Live room.  They also have an HD sports theater room for sports enthusiasts.  It really does offer a bit of everything for everyone and is very well kept and the staff working there are nice and professional.  Hopefully they'll do well and expand, I wouldn't mind seeing one open up in my neighborhood.
Its a best place to go if you want to have family gathering.  I loved the bowling and the food.  People are nice
I attended a work Christmas party at Latitude 30 and was not that impressed.  The bowling area was nice and modern but the buffet food was just like what one would get at Dave and Busters, nothing special.  The arcade game room was lacking and there was not much room around the billiard tables.  Nice idea, questionably executed.
Huge!  A step above Dave and Buster's.
The food is typical Sysco food. Not bad though. Not bad. The drinks. Rrrrrumph. Have you ever had four people order different $10 alcoholic beverages and, upon arrival after a lengthy weight, you all realize you've been served sugar water? It happened to us. The first time in history I've seen an entire table send back their drinks. It is pretty damn embarrassing for everyone to have to pull some crap like this, but we had to. Luckily, the waitress said we weren't the first because they had a bartender in training. Little bartender dude, a tip: Vodka martini = Vodka + vermouth, not toilet water + Crystal Light The "bar" bar was slammed so the place is doing something right. I swear to God, there must be 50 people fit into this amoeba-shaped bar. Unfortunately, there were only 2 folks back there, and they looked stressed as hell. The beer tasted good though!
Great place to catch NFL Sunday games! Theater like set up variety of drafts and good food. Bowling is a little expensive I prefer the more traditional old school bowling alleys. There new outdoor seating and bar area seems to be a great place to hang out.
Enjoyed Cinegrille with my Wife & Daughter over the Christmas Break!  Wonderful Experience!
Cute little place but bowling is way too expensive...
I came here last night around 11pm. We were going for a friends bday party and they were bowling. It was my first time there so I didn't know what to expect. We walked in after they checked our ids. We left the baby at home but I did see some kids in the place. I can only comment on the bowling because thats where I stayed for the most part. It was Thursday night and bowling, bowling shoes, beer and house wines are 2 bucks for the ladies. I asked about a vodka tonic and they said all they had that was 2 bucks were flavored vodka. Our server, who btw was freaking on top of her game, described as a gummy bear flavor. I passed and stuck with bud light.  The couches were a nice touch . I've been to Lucky Strikes and Los Angeles. It was a like a step down from Lucky Strikes. I like the decor and ambiance and club feel at Lucky Strikes. Latitude 30 reminded me of cosmic bowling at the beaches back in the day. I don't know why. I did enjoy that the large screen tvs on the wall showing the basketball game. The dj? I didn't know there was one I thought it was 95.1 playing full blast without the commercials.  Nothing special just your typical 95.1 music.  Ok here comes my complaint..... The bathrooms...I took pics will post in a sec... The smell.... I just thought in an establishment like that the bathroom would be kept up and the smell.... Look I work in the Trauma ICU at Shands and I have experience some smells. So being it is my day off from that I don't enjoy it blasting it in my face when I open the door. My last trip to the bathroom I asked my friend "is the bathroom always like this?" She said no.  One of our girlfriends earlier and even complained to the front about the girls bathrooms.  I mean in my single ready to mingle party days at 130 am at the Ritz or Marks, or Plush the bathrooms are way better.  Even Tsunamis Area 51 Atlantic had way better bathrooms.  Who knows what was being thrown up or snorted in the stalls beside me while i peed.  So if there girls bathroom was semi smell free and the toliet paper wasnt thrown everywhere and my pet peeve...there was fluid on the floor around the toliets.  Come on drunk ladies we have a huge toliet to aim better! Than I probably would've given this place 5 stars just due to the fact that it seems like a cool place with everything in it. One stop shop. Oh well maybe they'll get it right next time.
I enjoyed the food and the atmosphmere. I'd go back but it would definitely be better as like a group get together/party/celebration type of situation.
Scheduled a company meeting with lunch in the conference room. Service was outstanding and food was a little above average.  Space was good, but it's right beside arcade and music blared through the wall the entire room. This needs fixed for future company meetings here I think. Distracting for it to be a conference meeting room.
Good place to drink, bowl, and have some bar food.
I haven't tried the food here but I love the bowling alley. It is pretty pricey but it's very relaxing. It's a good place to go on a cute casual date.
Good food and drinks watching a great movie!!
First time to visit, had an overall good time.  Saw a 7pm movie, theatre seats were comfy, service and food were good.  It was way too cold in theatre to the point of distraction from the movie because we were uncomfortable.  All the employees were friendly, especially Corey in the video game room.  He went over and above to make our experience memorable! :)  We will probably return, looking forward to bowling when it's before  10pm so our 12 yr old will be allowed in.  If they offered some coupons (like Dave & Busters) it would be a reason we would come back to play in the game room, otherwise, pretty expensive.  We spent $20 playing probably 15 games.  The no physical tickets issued isn't as fun but it's smart to save wasting all that paper and prevent the annoyance of machines running out of tickets a lot like at D&B.
Can be fun at times, however, the cons outweigh the pros most of the time. I have been here about 5 times and each time I have many problems. Only once did I go there and enjoy it, and it's when the place first opened and wasn't packed and everything was actually cheaper. Pros: -Nice bowling lanes, and servers serve you at the lane -Choice between bowling, arcade, restaurant, music, pool tables, sports room... many things to do there. -Can be a fun place to hang out with friends to just socialize. Now the bad parts... Cons: - Crazy prices for bowling. $42.00 an hour for 4 people. Two hours cost $104.00... save your money and hit up midnight bowling somewhere else for like $10-$15 per person. - Crazy prices for drinks. $7-10 for mixed drinks, and they cheat you. They are watered down and taste like crap. Pretty sure they are using bottom shelf stuff as well. My jack and coke did not taste like a usual Jack and Coke. I do have to say their beer prices aren't bad though. - Arcade machines are broken a lot. They seem like they are in working order, but when you swipe your card and it takes your credit, it magically stops working. This happened on 4 machines taking 37 credits total. And good luck asking the people at the arcade to get your credtis back, they treat you like you're trying to rip them off. - Service is a joke. Many of the employess there have snobby like attitudes and are sloooooooow. I mean I understand they have to put up with a lot of people that drink and act like idiots, but don't take that out on your other customers. We ordered drinks at the bowling alley and it took 25 minutes to just get the drinks. She came back three times in between then asking if everything is ok... each time I said "Still waiting on our drinks..." she would apologize and said the bar was backed up. Ok... then for one, why did you keep asking if everything was ok three different times... is your memory that bad? And two, we only ordered tap beer. How hard it is to get someone to fill a glass? - Food is over priced and flavorless. It tastes like they use all frozen premaid stuff and then toss it in a fryer, oven, or microwave. Seriously... the mojority of their food isn't any better than a frozen dinner. I do have to say though that I did like the nachos, but really, all you're doing there is throwing cheese and toppings on chips. -No pitchers. I have never been to a bowling lane that didn't serve pitchers of beer... - Lanes are way to greased. When I grab a bowling bowl and it almost slips out of my hand like a stick of warm butter... something isn't right. I can't bowl there at all. There is no potential for typical curve as the lanes do not grab at all. The only way you can hope of getting a strike is by bowling dead straight. I'm not a professional by any means, but I have always bowled with a curve and usually score between 150-200. In three games I bowled a 92,89, and 102. I know it may sound petty to most, but after spending $100+ on bowling, it's more frustrating than fun when you can't bowl like you normally do. - Parking is a joke. I have been here on almost every day of the week and each time you are fighting to find a spot. That or you can wait in line for 10+minutes for valet. They seem to have more spots blocked for valet than regular parking. Now granted all of these issues didn't happen in one visit, but over 4. I understand issues happen, but when there is issue after issue during multiple visits, it makes it difficult to trust them again to go back. This place has so much potential, but they seem to go the route of theme parks. They think their popularity gives them to right to treat customers as they wish, and charge insane amounts of money for services that aren't much better then a typical bowling alley or arcade. Maybe others like this place, but for me I won't be going back.
I go to bowl and to drink. It's nice and fancy in there. Definitely designed to look "higher class" compared to all of the other bowling alleys in Jacksonville. They have live bands that play pretty good music. The place is clean and fancy. They have nice bars that you expect to find at a club. Here's the thing. The prices are way too high for the drinks and the food. The food is only average quality at best, but they charge you like there food is something special. I guess you are paying for the atmosphere, but to me the food should atleast be decent, right? In any other restaurant, no matter how nice the atmosphere, if the food is only so-so but costs a lot, most people would stop going to that restaurant. The seats are nice in the alleys because they aren't actually seats. They are leather couches. They have a small coffee table in front of the couches, too. It's nice for eating your over-priced nachos on them and what not, but if you got a few people bowling, the table just gets in the way and everyone is just stepping over each other. Think movie theater when you're trying to go to the restroom and your somewhere in the middle of the row. Kind of a pain. The lanes are also priced higher than other lanes in Jacksonville. I'm no pro, but to me you can barely get any hook on this lanes. Maybe it's because I use the house bowling balls or something, but I cant get much of a curve on these lanes. This place, for me, was new and cool to go to at first. But after going few times, there are better bowling alleys to go to. MUCH BETTER. Did I forget to mention that they have a cover charge to get in when you go in the evening? Yeah, this bowling alley has a cover charge to get in during the evenings.
Total waste .  I ordered lunch Togo with some coworkers and when it arrived I was less than impressed for a $13 French dip . I was starving , however, so I dug in only to find a full sheet of deli wrap . I called the store only to be told the manager was busy . I left a message with my name and number , no return call . I called again later in the afternoon and again the next day since the managers would not return my calls. I finally got ahold of the bar manager Nathan who apologized and invited me down so he could make things right . Well , when I was able to get there the next day , no one knew anything about the issue  including the MOD . The barkeeper offered me a beer because she felt bad about the whole thing and that was all that was offered . Now things happen and deli wrap is not really an issue except that it was in an overpriced poorly executed sandwich . The real issue is the management avoided the issue and offered no resolution . I cannot recommend this place and will never be back . If you do go and have a problem they won't care so lower your expectations now so as not to be disappointed.
Wow! A prime example of trying to do too much and not doing any of it right.  Quickly...poor food runner didnt know what table food was ordered.  Came to my table three times with food but i hadnt ordered any food, waitress took all our drinks from our table while we were on the dance floor, even tho she knew we were dancing.  VJ is too self indulgent.  Like most young vjs seem to think that people want to hear their poor attempt at being creative.  I say just keepnthe music pumping and keep people dancing.  Forget about trying to mix dissimilar music styles and trying to convince yourself that you are creative.  People come to dance not listen to your experiments!  11pm and kids were on the dance floor in the bar area!  Some may have thought thats cute but when is having kids in the bar dancing is it at all ok.  Borderline  illegal I think, plus its kinda weird dancing in a club next to 6yos.  Brushetta was soggy.  Servers carrying drings like they are in a truck stop or Dennys.  Wasnt that busy when came in yet waited 15minutes before ever being acknowledged.  I believe the mgr saw it and came to take our order...apologized for being short staffed.  Not my concern.  Entire staff ill trained, runners dont know table numbers, servers not axknowledging new guests, food ill prepared, vj self indulgent, kids at 11pm in a bar dancing, etc etc...  Advice...train your staff, get vjs who believe in keeping people dancing, bar kids from bar area, understand food concepts, and perhaps just focus on doing one thing right and not try to appeal to everyone.
