I went a week ago, and though I was hesitant at first, I had a blast.  Not as fancy as the comedy zone, but nice casual atmosphere.  The food menu was simple but adequate.  I had the chicken fingers and fries and they were good.  Didn't know who the comedians were but they were very good.  Will definitely be back. My only issue was that the tables were not very big, so if you are sitting with strangers, and you will, you will be sitting quite close but I will still give my experience five stars.
The food is cheap and affordable. The comedy will vary from time to time. The night I went the first guy was funny but the second guy wasn't that good and you could tell because a lot of people weren't laughing. I like that the comedy was pretty clean and they are a no f-bomb comedy club. Also liked that you can't smoke inside.
The place is ok if you've never been to a real comedy club or just don't know any better. Their whole thing is "clean" comedy, which isn't a selling point if you ask me. The comedians are ok, but the whole setup is weird. It's like they just put some carpet and chairs and stage platform in an old musty warehouse and opened for business. They never have a full, or even half full crowd. Don't even get me started on "the best seats in the house" - some sort of old recliners raised about a foot up and at the back of the room, which actually makes them the worst seats in the house. I really wanted to like the place, but after three times, I doubt I'll be back. I've had more fun pouring drinks at home and watching stand-up on TV.
Classy, clean and Hilarious! Book online and they gave us a free entre! Good food and service- the whole experience couldn't have been better. The comedians limited the cursing and it was appreciated. Thank you for a wonderful night out! Manager was attentive and caring. Great job!
Friendly atmosphere, exceptional service, good food, funny entertainment. What more could you want?! This is the perfect spot for a fun night out with friends at a reasonable price. You won't be disappointed. I'll definitely be coming back here.
Outstanding!! This the 2nd time my boyfriend and I went to the Comedy Club. I got the tickets for donating blood with the Blood Alliance. It was so much fun and a laughter filled evening. I enjoy the fact that they enforce no F bombs. I really don't want to hear a whole show of swearing. And I didn't. Honestly I don't recall hearing one swear word. They topics were as they said soft R. I appreciate that. The MC was awesome. Great start to warm up the evening. Chilaxed comedian with some funny bits. OXICOTTON! Lol The headliner David Scott was fabulous. High energy and versatile with his performance. The man joked, sang, danced. It was a full on show! Outstanding. Had my boyfriend and I laughing over and over again. The staff were attentive and very friendly. Overall great night.
Funny comics and decent time but marred by bad mix ups on food orders so time and attention were devoted to fixing that instead of enjoying the show. Other than that a good sit down show.
I recently went here this past weekend and had such an awesome time!!! I had a group party of 15 people. I had called the the club earlier in the week letting him know that I had group party planned ( BEST THING I EVER DID) . Steve was the best! He had it setup for a cheaper group pricing and provided the birthday cake which was amazing from cinottisbakery.com and he got a deal with playatbankshots.com after to play pool afterwards! Unfortunatly we did not try the food since we ate prior to coming but we drank and the drink prices were reasonable like most bars in Jax. The atmosphere.. Fabulous! I loved the space. I have been to other comedy clubs in town and I always feel cramped and squished at my table. Not this place. It is very open and wide and there is not a bad seat in the house. The comedians were funny and entertaining and kept us laughing the entire time. So whether you are looking for date night or group night.. This place is worth checking out and visiting. I will be back for sure!
Great fun on Beach Blvd.....top rated comedians and some flown in from the big cities just to be here. We had a great time and look forward to returning again.
Simply put, one of the best entertainment values in Jacksonville. The prices are right, the owner and staff are great, both comedians were awesome. I didn't want to go because I thought the neighborhood was sketchy, but there wasn't any concern. It's not going to win any awards for decor, but who cares? Great place!
I had SUCH a wonderful time here! ( food aside) Service: FANTASTIC!! Friendliest group of workers/servers. 100% A+++ Food: Good God WHY?! Horrible! PLEASE do something about the food!! Stuffed mushrooms, chips and dip, potato skins.. yes I tried it all, I was starving... and usually when you're hungry, almost anything is good. The potato skins weren't bad, but nothing special.. and the chips n salsa? Well.. they gave us marinara! LOL. I wont even touch those stuffed mushrooms.. * raspberries* Drinks: AWESOME!!! Atmosphere: Also, wonderful! But even though the food was awful, I am so happy I went. I will go again and again and again when I am in the area! I will just have dinner first ;)
Sometimes when it comes to service reviews based on shows, the reviews are going to be better based on the comics that gave you the best laughs.  Sometimes it can be a dump but the comics were so funny that the review gave a boost on the ratings.  Also the opposite can be applied but below is my breakdown by category. Venue: Located in a strip mall right on Beach Blvd.  For a comedy club, It was spacious inside, plenty of tables, seating.  Everyone wasn't bunched together and on top of each other.  Tables were the right size, the chair were comfortable as chairs can be.  Lot of oxygen to be breathed as it was smoke free.  DJ, sound system while facing the stage were off to the right. Decor:   The lighting was good.  For some reason there was a big dark train painted behind the stage that looked like Darth Vador.  I don't know what all that is about. Service:  Pretty good.  Staff was attentive.  I believe the co workers showed that they cared for their tips.  In addition, the owner was making sure that everyone was comfortable, had any questions and answered any concerns.  Service was very good. Environment:   It was a laid back crowd.  No hecklers.  My kind of spot. Food:   It was ok.  Really nothing to write about on chicken tenders and fries.  They also serve a shitick which is a kabob type of food. It was nothing to rave a parade about.  But what's favorable is that all the appetizers and entrees were not stingy with its portions.  So that's good! Prices:   At $10 & under for most food items.  Tickets are about $15 for seats furthest away from stage and $20-25 the closer you are. Huge Pros:  Free Parking, Good Service Debbie Downers:  The comics did suck the night I went.  But they at least tried and seemed like the people did try to make the most of it. Conclusion:   Although the comics suck, I am a fan of the Comedy Club of Jacksonville.  The city should support more nice establishments like this Overall: B
Fun place for a pretty clean night out.  Always running promotions for a good deal for those watching their budgets.  Great for groups!  The owner goes out of his way to make you feel welcomed, and if planning a group event, to make it a success.  The food is pretty bad, so don't be fooled by the web site comments that indicate they have anything more than average (at best) bar food.
My husband Mark and I went with a good friend to see Caroline Reah. The ENVIRONMENTt: My seat was fine, I was not uncomfortable, and being preggers right now... that isnt an easy feat. The place is certainly not fancy, decorations are clearly not affordable to the owners right now, but I didn't come for that, so no stars removed. The COMEDY: Good. Not belly splitting laughter, but I enjoyed everyone on stage and the MC even came to our table for a quick magic show.  I did not regret the time or money spent. The FOOD: We all ordered burgers. Very good burger, well spiced and juicy. I was surprised. The fries were blah. The SERVICE: Pathetic and very sad. I have no doubt each of the 3 waitresses that were helping us were all trying very hard. Maybe they don't have enough staff. But both my dinner partners ate their entire meals without a single drink - Not even a water. We asked repeatedly. My husband finally got his drink near the end of Caroline's show. Even though my sprite was still half full and I had never asked for a refill, they inexplicably brought me another one, and my poor husband still had not gotten his 7&7.   Then the bill came. They charged Mark for 3 drinks, and me for 2 sprites. (I didn't touch the second one and asked them right away to take it back) They just opened, so they are probably working out the kinks. Hopefully they can use some of the feedback here to improve their service.
My husband and I went this evening to see Caroline Rhea, it was a great show! They definitely did not have enough staff on hand we ordered food and never received it and it took about 25-35 minutes to get our one and only drinks, although the manager comped our whole check because of the service (or lack there of) all in all we would definitely go back and hope that the service end is fixed up A LOT!
Although the comedians weren't too bad, the actual venue is horrible. The food was terrible, the service sucked, the tables are crammed together. I won't be going back.
Saturday my girlfriend and I attended our first show at the Comedy Club of Jacksonville. We were seated immediately and were very impressed with the club. The layout is extremely well designed and there is literally not a bad seat in the place- no corners to peer around, great sound and visibility from every table. The wait staff was attentive and most of all, the comedians were top notch and both engaged the audience regularly. We both had a nice time and will be back again ASAP!  (Yes, this is the same review I posted on the FB page. Big fan of cut n' paste, not just comedy!)
I had a large group meet up and the manager, Steve, was most accommodating and let them call and pay separately. The dinner was great, wait staff attentive. The comedians were HILARIOUS! I had a mixed group in age, sex, and background. Everyone had a great time. I will definitely visit there frequently.
I've now visited the comedy club of Jax 4 times. Each visit gets better and better! Seems like the kinks are getting worked out. Service is great, food and beverage is top notch, especially compared to the comedy zone deep fried everything... The club is so big and comfortable, I recommend coming to a show to couples, or friends, or work groups, profanity and uncomfy or too vulgar comedy is not an issue. I will keep returning! Keep it up guys!
Food was good, service was great, local (to me), and above all, entertaining. I hope the place picks up because I plan on going back.
