I've been going to Utopia for the last 7 years, they never disappoint me.  After 20 years with the same hair, I decided to change it up.  Even the newest stylist knew exactly what I wanted and made it work!  I love my new style!!! Utopia is the best place in Syracuse for men's haircuts, hands down! They only charge $14 for the haircut, where they could charge 4x's that much for the quality they give. The stylists here deserve big tips, they are awesome!!!
Everyone is so nice & so friendly!! I had my hair cut by Nina & she was *amazing*!! I'm so happy to find a great local salon that isn't stuck up  & doesn't charge insane prices. They have a new regular customer now!!
This place was recommended to my wife and me.  Overall we have been very happy.  There have been a couple hiccups, but nothing that has made us leave.  It took us a while to find the right fit here in town.  We floated around different places for probably 6 years once moving to this area before sticking with this one (and we looked all over Syracuse).  We have also brought in several new customers.  They provide great services and at good prices. They have both a barber shop and a beauty salon so the whole family can go here.  The beauty salon is your traditional hair, nails, spa services, etc.  They do require appointments.  The barber shop in the front has 6 chairs and is first come first served like most barber shops.  They have both men and women "barbers" and I have seen both genders as clients.  Depending on the day/time though they may only have 2 people working or could have all 6.  Over time I have learned when to go since sometimes you could have to wait a bit, but now I know how to go and almost walk right to the chair.  Obviously some folks are better than others so you will learn who to go to and who not to go to; however, for the most part I have been very happy with all.  They can handle everything from the buzz cut to the extremely fancy guy hair.  :-) I like the little touches here.  The barber shop offers cuts, shaves, etc. like you would expect.  Also, they take their time when doing your cut to get it right and then if you like they will use a straight razor and hot shaving foam to do nice tight detailing on your cut so that the edges are very clean.  It's a great detail and makes the cut look great!
