This place was so good I had to call my momma and tell her I finally found a place whose Mac & Cheese comes in a close second to hers. The fried chicken made me want to slap the cook and steal the recipe. Finally, the peach cobbler was a decadent way to end the meal, nice and crusty, just the way I like it. Authentic sweet tea and great service to boot. All in all, this place has this Cali kid contemplating a move to the south.... If just for the food.
thanks to the YELPERS who spoke bout how difficult it it to find this place ...becoz of your comments I was very attentive & found it without issue. fried chicken - one of my all-time top three ... it was pretty damn good thanks for the tip to get the wings on the side ...... mac & cheese was pretty good .... yams - a step below average .. corn bread pretty good! peach cobbler was pretty good, too only real negative - it is a little pricey! but it's for the church ..right?
Really good, should good there if you enjoy tasty fried chicken, delicious Mac and Cheese, and delectable cornbread!!
If you're in a rush, go elsewhere!  Went there last Sunday. The line was long enough but not out the door. Plus it's cafeteria style so how long could it take?  47 minutes later we finally made it to order our food.  That is not acceptable!
I always go and have the gizzards, hard to find a location that has them fresh and can cook them right!  Everything is always amazing tasting the cornbread, greens, mac n cheese, YUM!  Staff is friendly, polite, and such a pleasure to see when come for some good comfort food.  You may want to just go ahead and ask for it to go....portions are large and you get your monies worth. Make sure you leave room for dessert.  Their peach cobbler is TO DIE FOR!  Always hot and fresh.  Have one in house and to go, you'll be sorry if you don't. :)
This place was a bit hard to locate; we had to drive around the parking lot some before being able to find it. We even went into the wrong building first but the nice people there guided us to the southern comfort food haven we were searching out. You get in a cue here and choose your main course and sides from a buffet line that servers are dishing out to you from behind said line. All the prices are listed on the wall. The meats served here are respectably decent with the sides being hearty, tasty, over diligently cooked dishes from the traditional southern food lexicon. This food is pretty darned good and falls just short of the quality that my grandma, who is from a long line of Cowfordtons cooked for me when I was a kid. The greens were just about right; surprisingly not cooked to death and with a goodly hint of salt pork that made their pot likkor a joy to drink as a dessert. The mac & cheese was pedestrian and nothing really special IMHO though. The smothered pork chops were great and the floury gravy complimented them wonderfully. As for the fried chicken, it was good but quite ordinary in my estimation. I've certainly had better and my grandma's would put Potter's House's chix to shame. Still decent, though. Even though you line up at the cafeteria line to construct your own grub concoction, the people who work here are wonderful. As you sit to eat you meal, Potter's House employees are always coming over to your table, asking if everything's okay, clearing empty plates and offering to refill your drinks, gratis. It IS a cafeteria-style setup but please, please, leave a tip for the work these great folk do. Will I come back here? Yes indeed. Good food like this is difficult to find and I really do appreciate having a place like Potter's House so readily available for such.
The reviews are true!! Just passing through jax fl looked this place up on yep, great choice.
So Potter's has been on my list forever, so it was a perfect fit for my #yelps10firsts list! A weekday found us around 2 pm and we hadn't had lunch yet, so off we went! Driving up, I wasn't really sure where to go! The front of the old mall looks like it might be the bowling alley... but we ventured in and saw it immediately to our left. Whew! The decor is super cute! We went right to the line, as all the food is served cafeteria style. I selected a fried chicken dinner and 2 sides (greens and mac and cheese). Then we picked a booth and were ready to dive in. Sorry for yelling but THESE ARE THE BEST COLLARD GREENS I'VE HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!! I would have been fine eating only them! Seasoned perfectly, nice bits of ham... while I am not proud, I finished them and even drank the remainder of the juice from the bowl. (Adam's bowl too!) The mac and cheese was perfection as well! I got a corner piece... creamy, cheese, just the most perfect comfort food ever. :) Corn bread was fantastic as well... and the fried chicken was just like granny used to make. 5 stars all the way.... I will definitely be back... and soon!
This is ran by a church, you know? The only issue I had was the amount of profanities that came out of my mouth each time a piece of food when in it. A place that is directly connected to a church shouldn't be feeding people crack. Seriously. It's just wrong. This is the best soul food I've had. Sorry my black grandma on the north side. I know I said your food couldn't be beat, but it has been. Potters house has no rivals. This is the real deal.
Mmmmm Mmmmm....Wait......Yelp reviews have to be a little longer..But that sums it up! I have had nothing bad here! The fried chicken, awesome. The greens, would make my granny jealous. Mac and cheese, the best Ive had. Cornbread, could be dessert! Ive tried the wings, porkchops baked spaghetti...All great! Its set up like a cafeteria type setting. You walk in, grab a tray and go down the line. The service is always super duper friendly. The place is extra clean and a busboy  (I guess thats what he is) is always walking around checking on you, cleaning, getting you more of the ghetto tea..Sorry, no offense but thats what I call it.. Super sweet and super good! Stop by and give them a try, you will not be dissappointed.
I REALLY wish Tampa had a place like this, it would give it so much more credibility as a decent food town. But I digress. Soul Food Bistro is not easy to find, my GPS was going apeshit trying to find it. It's kind of hidden in a quasi-mall, no ample signage anywhere. When you go in, it's like a cafeteria (like Piccadilly). You get in line, get a tray, order from an overhead menu as they serve you ALREADY-cooked food from warming trays. However, unlike Piccadilly, the food is mostly very good soul food. Some items I thought were super salty (like the collards). The reason I can't give this place 5 stars though is because the food is NOT cooked to order, like I said. It's already made. So depending on when you come, the mac-n-cheese may be just 5 minutes old or more than an hour old. I recommend: Fried chicken Fried fish (this is actually cooked to order, a very good thing) Mac n cheese Cornbread (nice and sweet) And good lawd make sure you get some of their sweet potato pie.
The staffs and food here have always been amazing to me. You can't ever go wrong with their cornbread. This spot is the place you'll have to go every week.
Food was sooooo good!!!! I has smothered pork chops, yellow rice and gravy, Sweet potatoes, Mac and cheese, greens and cornbread. Everything was delicious, and I'm super picky.
everything here from the customer service to the food is great!!!!!! mac & cheese, cornbread, to the oxtails, and dessert, delicious!!!
Note: Not very easy to find if you don't know the area. .. Bistro is Located inside the Kingdom Plaza which is located in the Family Dollar Plaza. I've heard so much about this place so I was very excited to try them since I knew I would be in town for a while, but I almost turned around and went home because the restaurant is located inside the church's plaza and is not very easy to find if you don't know the area. I ordered the Oxtail, Yellow Rice, Collard Greens, Mac and Cheese, and Key Lime Cake. It was very delicious especially the gravy which was my favorite part of the meal.  The Cake was good but not the best I've had.  The collards was on point as well.  The only partially negative thing I could say is that the Oxtail could have been cut a little smaller and the fat should have been trimmed down a lot more, other than that I do recommend that you give them a try and its owned by the church so that is a plus.
I love this place!  Amazing comfort food and the best RED VELVET CAKE ever! :)
Decided to checkout what was cookin' over at Potter's House Soul Food Bistro.  I consider myself somewhat of a southern girl at heart due to my nomadic upbringing in the southern states.  States that boast their places as the birth of southern soul food.  I've also been fortunate to have an eclectic mix of friends & have on many occassions eaten home cooked soul food.  Therefore I think I have a litmus test to compare today's eating experienes. Florida has its advantageous perks but soul food seems to be sporadic.  Of course I couldn't contain my intentions about Soul Food Bistro. It wasn't a coincidence that we were going today since it was Wed., baked spaghetti was their special, plus my S.O's favorite.   I was told of there cafeteria style setup which caused reservations due to my experieces from school cafeteria food.  But this, HALLLUJAH, was so much better than the cafeteria style I became unfortunatley accustomed to during my primary & secondary educational years.  There wasn't any scary Ms. Meyers trying to serve you canned mash potatoes.  It was fresh meals made & served by cordial people. I enjoyed my baked spaghetti, corn bread, & mac & cheese.  The chocolate coconut cake was so moist, best I've had in awhile.  Trust me, all of this wasn't consumed in one sitting, plenty left for a fulfilling dinner.  Can't wait to go back to get some of that fried chicken.  I restrained my self from indulging (trying to eat healthy) but will come back for it.   Thankfully there aren't any school yard bullies here to steal your lunch money.  This was lunch money well spent!   My motto usually is 'study hard, play hard'.  But if you're going to eat here, it's going to be 'eat hard, exercise hard' cause the food is so good it's bad for ya.
On the way back from Savannah yesterday, we stopped in Jacksonville and ate at Soul Food Bistro based on recommendations from Yelp. The restaurant is set up cafeteria style. There was a long line but the line moved fast and the wait was not long. I ordered fried chicken, collard greens, and macaroni and cheese. The fried chicken batter had good seasoning and the chicken was juicy. The sides were delicious. I also tried the smothered pork chops and cabbage side, which were both mouthwatering. The seasoning for the dishes may be slightly too salty for some but our group of four gives this restaurant "two thumbs up"!  The service was also great for a casual, cafeteria style restaurant. For a photo of the food, see eatliveeatmore.blogspot.….
First time for the Family and I. As we entered the restaurant, we saw their wall of Fame consisting of David & Tamela Mann, Hezekiah Walker, Bernadette Stanis, (Thelma from the TV show Good Times) and Fantasia Barrino, among others. The staff was nice, and explained how things were done once we informed them this was our first visit. The wife had baked tilapia with cabbage and seasoned rice. I had the fried chicken with steamed broccoli and buttered corn. The kids had drummettes with mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese, etc. We also had their cornbread. Everything was pretty good. I think I can speak for the family when I say that we'll be back. As I stated in my review for the Soul Bistro on Atlantic Blvd in Arlington, what would make this place 5 stars and beyond is if they were a buffet. You can't get enough of food like this! I just wanted more and more. Hopefully they'll SERIOUSLY consider that! :)
Great food. Satisfy your down home craving. Breading is over salted but not in a bad way. Best Mac n' Cheese, mashed n gravy, BEP, greens. I'm going to go for the Ox tail on my next visit.
If you love soul food this is the place for you. Mac n cheese and corn bread  are great and the chicken wings are some of the best I have had in Florida, also give the baked spaghetti a try it is super.
Currently eating Potters house in Tampa Florida right now! Everytime I or someone else passes through Jacksonville I always have to stop here or get someone to bring me some. Their food is the BOMB! The Mac n cheese is to die for! Any thing smothered here is awesome! Yes! Yes! Yes! Best soul food ever!
Smothered pork chops. Corn bread greens and cabbage. More than one can eat in one sitting. I will be back!  Friends forever
Overrated overpriced. After waiting in line for 45 minutes I finally got to order. The line was out the door and I wasn't in a hurry so I thought this was something great and worth waiting for. After looking at the menu I ordered 1 fish 1 shrimp dinner to go. The server said "We don't have that on Sunday's". What!? Nowhere on their menu or signage was there any indication they didn't have seafood on Sunday! Not wanting to waste the 45 minutes I just spent in line I ordered 2 fried chicken dinners to go. Each dinner had 2 pieces of chicken and 2 sides with cornbread. The chicken was fine but nothing special, honestly Popeye's and Publix make better fried chicken. The cabbage side had a nice flavor but was over-salted. The cornbread was a bit underdone, sticky and not golden brown as it should be.   The one great thing was the mac and cheese, it had lots of real cheese. Overall we were not impressed. After waiting 45 minutes and paying $18 for 2 chicken dinners it was a disappointment. Expecting great soul food and got ok cafeteria food. We won't be going back. :-/
My gf is a longtime yelper and has long lamented me for not having an account of my own, so today after having a truly delicious lunch I decided to finally join the food-loving masses. "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" doesn't quite say enough for the Soul Food Bistro! My coworkers have been ordering every week for the last month, and today I finally had a chance to get in on the order before they called it in. It was definitely as good as any soul food gets! I had BBQ ribs, with the famous mac & cheese, and green beans. Plus a piece of cornbread, and a medium drink all for 9.99. I do believe that the ribs were the special of the day. The ribs were tender and delicious. I got three big, juicy one. The rub was spicy and had a nice kick to it. The mac & cheese was DELICIOUS. Probably the best mac I've ever had. Very cheesy and gooey. The green beans were also very good. Maybe a little more salty than I'm use to, but still really good. The cornbread was really soft and moist, so sweet it was almost a corn cake. The price was the best part. For 9.95 that was a LOT of food. I'll definitely be getting in on the group orders from now on, but also might have to visit the place myself!
"Highly Recommended"  Aptly named...Soul Food Bistro. First of all, like most people, I grew up experiencing GREAT soul / southern / country cooking.  Meaning, good scents hit you before you go inside (smell so good, your face frowns up with great anticipation).  Big ole pots and cast iron skillets (handed down through the years) cover the stove. Oven (and counters) filled with pans covered by loom-num foil. Yep, been there, done that...so I'm certified!  :o) When looking for a "dine-in" soul / southern food restaurant, I wear a consumers hat, while understanding the challenges of "running" a business (to be fair).  That being said, I want a variety of items (turkey wings, oxtails, sides, etc) seasoned well and with fair proportions.  I expect consistency in quality and customer service.  Parking should be adequate and well-lit.  The dining room should be clean and inviting.  Asking a lot huh?  For a soul food place? Again...overall rating...."Highly Recommended".  After going once, can't wait to go back! I read reviews in advance and decided to check it out on a road trip (Tampa to NC). Stopped in this past Sunday at about 5:15.  Although it's located just off of I-10, it's easy (and quick) access from I-95 as well. Again, converted mall, lots of parking, very clean upon initial mall entrance.  This is not a soul food joint...a get it to-go and look both ways type of spot.  It's aptly named...Soul Food Bistro (ambience, colors, vibe...that happens to offer cafeteria-style soul food). Portions are sufficient....meaning, you won't get a meal that's big enough to have leftovers for another full meal the next day. HOWEVER...food was seasoned well, and fresh, nothing old or aging.   I had the Sunday special...Turkey wings $7.99, includes two sides, cornbread (and they charged $1.00 for a glass of sweet tea, of course with unlimited refills).  You get a big center piece and then the "tip", which as you know, is mostly skin and fat.  Sides: mac n cheese and yams. As I sat down, I felt kinda "gypped".   After the first taste of the wings...I realized, this is REAL.  Seasoned very well.  Mac n Cheese was good...better than most (not the best, Delilah's in Philly). Yams...EXCELLENT...not "too" sweet, and again seasoned well. Cornbread: sweet and "jiffy mix-like", which is not bad.  Tea was sweet, but not syrupy sweet as other's have stated (kinda depends on the batch you get). I didn't even pause to snap a picture (sorry about that). A person checked in periodically to see if all was well.  Overall GREAT dining experience (food quality, portions, dining room ambience)!!!   Okay...had to go the bathroom....drum-roll...we know how that can be, especially near the end of a busy day.  Surprise!...it was clean, large AND well lit (ceramic tiled walls, pleasantly scented).  No paper towels, so I had to go back the line area to get napkins. While there, I asked about the price of the fried chicken, since I heard so much about it. Drummettes are $0.50 cents each (same for a piece of cornbread). I order 6 and MAN....good bird...once again, seasoned well, crisp and not greasy. TIP:  For the best value, order a few drummettes to go along with a different entree.  A fried chicken dinner is 7.99 for a 2 piece dark and 9.99 for a 2 piece white...YIKES! What concerns did I have?  Prices... The Oxtail dinner is $13.99. It would've been my first choice, but at that price...aaaah, negatory.  Sides:  You get 2 with a  meal, and rice COUNTS as a side.  Wanna add a side of rice?  That'll be $2.39 plus tax.  Just sayin... So, overall...VERY pleased...a GREAT dining experience.  If I were local, I would support them...but not on the regular due to the prices. If  you have company and want good food in a good environment....this is the place! On my next road trip, I'll make it a point to stop by. I'll try something different and share my experience here on yelp.   Note: I also stopped in Savannah at Browns Family Restaurant / Sisters of the New South (so-so review...will post soon).
I was very eager to try this place based on all the fantastic reviews by other yelpers. Today I stopped in with a friend for a very late lunch or early dinner. The food was all pretty good but nothing really stood out to me as fantastic or memorable. I had the smothered pork chop meal with rice, mac n cheese, greens and corn. I also had a slice of the red velvet cake for an after meal treat. The pork chops were standard pork chops and were ok, as were the rice and the corn. The greens were good but I've definitely had better, they were very salty also. The corn bread was really good, although it tasted like it could have been jiffy corn bread, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but I expect home made, from scratch corn bread from any soul food establishment. The mac n cheese, which I am always very critical about at any restaurant, was actually pretty good. The red velvet cake was probably my favorite part of the meal. It was everything I hoped it would be lol. I couldn't help feeling that our meal was pretty overpriced for two people though. The price of our meal was $35 and some change. I paid for our meal, which my friend felt guilty for, because he thought his food was just ok and it came out to over 30 bucks. It wasn't a big deal though. Now I can say I've tried this place. I wouldn't decline eating here again if a friend wanted to and we were in the area but don't know that I would make any special efforts to visit here again.
"Quality southern comfort cafeteria food" would be my one-liner for this place. Soul Food Bistro is "the place" to be after attending mass at Potter's House Ministries.  The menu rest on the foundation of southern comfort food, made with love off a Sysco supply chain of food.  All the ingredients are here to build-out early adolescent memories of Sunday church (grounded with comfort food).   * Will you often see the menu change - no.   * Is the food locally sourced - no.   * Will you get the taste of the south on a deal - yes! Soul Food Bistro is definitely worth the trip for any non-vegetarian JAX resident.  The experience is even better on a Sunday.  Don't be discouraged by the line, it moves fast.  If you go for the chicken, ask for a half-n-half (fried and herb roasted).  If you're on a tight budget, get the family meals set for four (easily feed six).  If you have some spare time - walk around and enjoy the mini-mall converted to congregation.
Wow.  Everything I'd heard about Soul Food Bistro is true! Cafeteria-style service, pick up a tray and "declare upon" your entree and sides.  Dessert available for an extra charge. I went with the smothered pork chops, field peas, and fried cabbage.  The gravy had -just exactly- the right amount of black pepper to make it talk to my tongue. Located at the unfashionable end of the old Normandy Mall (ok, the whole mall was unfashionable) there is plenty of parking available right outside the entrance.  The open ceiling and concrete floors make for an elevated noise level, but it's not so high you can't converse with your dining companions. Closed Monday (took me a couple tries to learn this lesson), they also serve breakfast on Saturday. Also, to update Cari's review (yelp.com/biz/soul-food-b…) the prices are now 7.99 / 8.99 / 9.99 for the entrees, and the oxtails are 13.99.  (And folks try to tell me that "oxtails is low-eatin'!) Do yourself and your taste buds a favor, and pay a visit to the Soul Food Bistro.
Not to be funny, but the Soul Food Bistro should receive praise just for operating an extremely clean, orderly and friendly outfit that serves just as good soul food as the run-down shacks all across backroads in the South. I've been to several hole in the wall soul food joints and, while the food was stellar, the place left me wondering if a strong gust of wind could knock the place down. In your usual soul food spot, the staff is too busy serving food to clean the kitchen or the dining area. That is not the case at Soul Food Bistro. What I like about the place is that the menu is stable, which allows me to go in and get my two favorite - the fried catfish or the smothered pork chops. As everyone else who has reviewed this place has already noted, the side dishes are stellar. The dining area is nice and roomy. The serving line gets you in and out quickly and everyone there is very courteous. The only knock I'd have on this place is that it's difficult to locate if you're a first-time customer. Note that it's inside a strip mall. It's very easy to pass while speeding down Lenox Avenue.
I think the fried chicken is one of the best, especially if you add honey like  Gussie's recipe at the Pirates House in Savannah , Ga, that fried chicken is what I base all Fried Chicken on....... but I am a confused vegan who eats meat and gluten free vegan bakery items...I think BBQ and fried Chicken are art forms and everyone likes something different. This is a must try and try what you like... I loved the fried chicken. The mac was okay( mac is an art form also), the corn was tasty tasty because it came from a can, my hubby was like oh, candy corn yummy! Tastes like the old days! Then the confused localvore Me tried it and went canned! Oh, it was yummy for someone who does not do cans any more I LOVED IT. The red velvet cake was full of guilt and it was divine. My hubby likes KFC better but he also drinks from the toilet bowl sometimes when it comes to healthy choices. Took us a moment to find it, went to The Potter House First. Then the Mall. REALLY REALLY clean Mall bathroom. Warmly decorated. Looking forward to returning.
I try to find a reason to eat at the Soul Food Bistro at least once a week, although I rarely meet my goal. The restaurant is set up like your typical cafeteria style, however the food is anything but typical. The fried chicken, ribs, smothered chicken and even the Talapia are all fantastic.  If they have the broccoli casserole (Wednesday and Friday), make sure to get some and the yams and mac n cheese are two other good choices. In fact, it is all good. It is located in the old Normandy Square Mall, that has been completely redone and parking is plentiful.
I had a day off at Jacksonville on Monday, but unfortunately it was closed on a Monday.  Due to severe weather, my flight was cancelled, and I had the chance to come back to try what I heard as the best soul food in jacksonville.   It lived up to expectations.  The food is excellent.  I tried the oxtail on rice and gravy and the fried chicken.  Although a little bit on the saltier side, the food taste great.  Yam and cabbage are good sides although I hear the maC anadromous cheese are superb.  The staff is friendy in this cafeteria style diner.
Soul Food Bistro....My fellow Yeep Rita D. wasn't exaggerating when she said this place is a "diamond in the rough." The kind of neighborhood where, as you're driving, you find yourself praying that your car doesn't break down. This ain't Avondale. However...since the day I actively started Yelping, I literally made it a mission to patronize this fine establishment and see for myself if their food is indeed "THE STUFF" in the soul food category. So with the days schedule clear and mom and family friend in tow, we excitedly set out for our destination. Atmosphere: Yes, yes, definitely cafeteria style like everyone says, but its not that "grungy prison cafeteria" motif, instead it's rather clean and welcoming. Nice artwork displayed throughout, and the tables are spaced out perfectly so that you're not rubbing elbows with the next table. Food: Me: Mixed meat fried chicken plate, fried cabbage, mac n cheese Mom: Baked tilapia, side order oxtails, green beans, collard greens Family friend: 1 smothered, 1 fried pork chop, green beans, mac n cheese Ok so the chicken plate, in my opinion, should be named "What YOU know about fried chicken???" plate...yeah this chicken took me back in the day to a place called "Mom's Kitchen" in Hawaii. The chicken was so good that you didn't think about it, you dreamed about it. Moms Kitchen was SO soul food that you had 3 drinks to choose from...water, sweet tea...and kool-aid. Yes kool-aid (strawberry or grape.) If you wanted anything else, they'd send you to the corner store across the way. Soul Food Bistros chicken will have me dreaming till my next visit, for sure. Mac n cheese was also a hit, with its cheesy creamy goodness. This wasn't that boxed stuff, it was fresh outta the oven. The fried cabbage was ok, on the menu online it's labeled "fried cabbage with bacon," yet I didn't get  any bacon pieces or even bacon flavor out of it. Cornbread? Yeeeeeeah it's the STUFF, I'll admit, I'll admit. I ate mine AND my moms piece, so there you have it. Mom loved her lunch so much that she ate every ounce of food like it was her last meal. She said the tilapia was cooked perfectly, without tasting "too saucy," whatever that means, and the oxtails were some of the best she's had. Collard greens she loved because they weren't too spicy, just right, and the green beans tasted fresh and flavorful. Family friend said she could eat the pork chops every day and she'd be happy. She also cleared her plate in record time AND had a piece of carrot cake on top of it. She loved the abundance of carrot shreds and nuts in the cake, and that it wasn't overloaded with frosting. Not a crumb was left. Everything about The Soul Food Bistro, from the food quality, atmosphere, service, and pricing makes for this 5 star rating. This is comfort food at it's best and I do believe you're missing out if you haven't been here yet. Without a doubt one of the best places to eat in Jacksonville, so thumbs up!
Great authentic oxtails.. but way too salty Mac and cheese mushy and greens over salted.
OMG were do I began , from the  fried chicken wings to the oxtails there food is truly a blessing to my taste buds and others. First thing first they have 2 locations in Jacksonville for your pleasure one on the westside (aka thebest one) and the other located in Arlington (I Believe) either way they serve the same thing.Over all the food is good the mac and cheeze has to be the best.
This is as close to home cooking as you can get. Today I got some friend chicken, collard greens and macaroni an cheese with a piece of red velvet cake for desert. And the give good size portions too! All That for under $11. I'll definitely be back.
What can I say. We found this place by chance and what a great find. The food here is simply wonderful. I had smothered pork chops with rice, potatoe salad, corn bread and a drink. I could have eaten here all day, the food is just that good. You can't go wrong if you want some southern food. The staff was great and your choice of menu is outstanding. They had everything from fried/smothered pork chops, fried/baked chicken, fish, meat loaf and a host of other meats and sides which is just too many to name. If you are in the area, here is where you want to eat hands down.
While driving through the Jacksonsville area, the only reason why I stopped in this restaurant was because of its impressive Yelp reviews.  The restaurant itself is hidden away in a nondescript shopping/strip mall that was nearly empty inside.  Its located right across from a gym inside the mall.  I feel bad for the gym goers given the temptation of picking up some lunch at this place.  Healthy eating aside, I tried their fried chicken, which was very good... but their sides were the real story.  I devoured the green beans and mac & cheese.  If mom made green beans this good growing up I wouldn't have had any problem eating them as a kid.  The corn bread was more like eating cake than your typical cornbread.  Definitely a must try in the Jacksonville area and its right off the I-295 highway...
I've gotten the smothered kidneys a few times, and they're fantastic. I wish it came on a bed of rice, but they've got great cornbread, collards and yams.
OMG. That's all I can think of when I try to describe this restaurant. It's such an amazing church, I am now kicking myself for expecting any less out of their restaurant!     As soon as I walked out of the church doors, the aroma of good southern cooking took over my senses and before I knew what was happening, I was standing in line lol I was probably waiting for about 15 minutes which isnt bad at all in my opinion because I got a chance to check out the decor. Very simple set up, with an open ceiling that makes it seem louder then what it actually is, but it easily becomes white noise. There were little paintings of jazz artists strategically placed along the wall where you stand in line, as well as an impressive collection of photgraphs containing the famous faces who have eaten there: Fantasia, Chante Moore, Angie Stone, Byron Cage, Hezikiah Walker, David & Tamela Mann (Tyler Perry's the Browns), and a few more celebs...     Once I was close enough to actually read the contents of their menu, I found myself get a little discouraged because they have NO mashed potatoes anywhere to be found!!!! Wth kind of "soul food bistro" has everything on the menu except mashed potatoes??? They had potato salad and french fries....but not even baked potato....I was tempted to turn around but I was at the point of no return lol so I read some Yelp reviews to see what was good to start off with and by the looks of things, I couldnt go wrong regardless of what I chose.     I got something basic this time, a white meat fried chicken meal...no drink because I have plenty at home. We true Southerners know that its just as easy to F up fried chicken as it is hard to but if they really know what they're doing back there, then there should barely be any bones left on the plate (the way I eat it lol). I ordered 2 piece white meat fried chicken, green beans, mac and cheese, and a small slice of cheesecake for dessert. If they did a poor job on this simple arrangement of food, then I wouldnt bother coming back to give anything else a try.     I got home,  took a forkful of the green beans and WOW!!!!! Took a forkful of the mac and cheese and SWEET JESUS! Took a bite of the chicken breast and this is the best I can describe my experience:  Remember towards the end of the movie Ratatouille, when the food critic Anton Ego was SO sure that the peasant dish was beneath him? But then he took a bite, and was suddenly on a pleasant trip down memory lane: he came home from school one day, after he obviously had been beaten up by some bullies and his mother just smiled at him, sat him down and put a bowl of ratatouille in front of him. One spoonful and one kiss on the head from his mother and all was well again.     When I bit into that big ole juicy, crispy chicken breast, I was immediately transported back to my childhood days in the country. Coming home from school with lbs of homework in my bookbag, having been picked on and harrassed all day (because of my love of literature and my quiet nature), expectations of no food in the house, no electricity, and 2 rambunctious younger brothers. Then I'd see Mama's car in the driveway and before I even reached the door I could smell her good ole southern cooking, fried chicken being the perfect medium for all the other wonderful aromas. It'd be warm and toasty in the house (yay, electricity!), my brothers were tucked away in their bedrooms doing their homework and my mama would have one of her many oldie but goodie movies playing on the tv (in this particular memory, it was cool hand luke lol). She'd turn and smile at me from the stove (Hey ladybug! Come give mama some sugah!) and though she was (and still is) a petite woman, she'd scoop me up in a warm embrace, tell me she loves me and to come help her finish cooking. No matter how awful my day was, at that moment nothing else mattered and I was the happiest girl on the planet. That chicken I ate today allowed me to relive that fond memory! :-) Long description, yes I know but now you know where I am coming from. It looks rather plain and somewhat ragamuffin on the outside, but judging this book by its cover would prove to be a terrible mistake. The prices for food that good are ridiculously reasonable...my whole meal was maybe $12 and not only did I have the Itis x 5 but I wasn't hungry for the REST OF THE DAY! I definitely think thats worth a 15 minute wait and spending $12! Plus, you dont have to worry about parking...you have the whole lot to choose from! I'm glad I got such a simple meal that blew my mind because now I am definitely looking forward to going back and upgrading! Don't miss out on this diamond in the rough!
Finally ... finally was able to go to Soul Food Bistro yesterday.  I've been wanting to try this place for so long, but just never find myself in that part of town or on the rare occasions we were there, just didn't think to try it.  Well, we finally made a point to try, and we weren't disappointed.  As many reviewers already indicated, it's a cafeteria style restaurant.  The portions were huge and everything we ordered tasty.  I tried their smothered pork chops and they were delicious.  Hubby tried their rib special, they were a bit sweet for us, but that's a personal preference.  For quality southern comfort food, I think this is about as good as it gets.  No fluff, just down right yummy delicious food!
OMG is right ( although they'd probably frown on that saying ) Every time I have eaten here the food is consistently very good, filling and delicious. A few blocks off the Interstate 10, half way between 295 and downtown is an amazing authentic soul food/southern restaurant with exceptional cafeteria food. In a stipe mall of sorts, clean, bright and cheerful with a broad section of clientele. Blessedly, no religious propaganda either. I had a $7.95 meatloaf lunch special that was succulent, tender and tasty. Really good mac n cheese and the best onion stewed green beans, along with a piece of down home cornbread. Sweetened tea and pineapple upside down cake topped off the best lunch I have had yet in my new home town of Jacksonville. Dont know their religious doctrine as they are operated by some church but I sure hope they are open, affirming and progressive folks 'cause I sure wanna come back soon! This is my favorite restaurant here in Jacksonville, bar none.
So worth it! Yams, Mac &cheese fried chicken, greens plus peach cobbler. So delicious
Real deal Soul Food. My husband and I went there out of curiosity -- WOW it was really good. Although we went on a Sunday (limited menu items) it was still amazing.
Good food, good portions (except for sides) and great prices, couldn't ask for much more.
This place is awesome!  After spending the early afternoon at Veg Fest tasting healthy delicacies, I was craving some fried food, meat and grease!  What better place to go other than Soul Food Bistro.  I indulged in the dark meat fried chicken dinner with macaroni and cheese, collard greens and cornbread.  Having grown up in the South, my palate is ever so discerning when it comes to soul food.  And, I must say, this place was incredible.  The fried chicken was perfectly breaded and seasoned with just the right amount of crispy skin.  The macaroni and cheese was cheesy and gooey and delicious!  This is easily the best mac 'n cheese that I have had in Jax.  The collard greens were smokey and tasty and the cornbread had just the right amount of sweetness.  Kudos to Soul Food Bistro for making great southern food at a very reasonable price ($7.99)!
We attended the air show today at the Jacksonville Naval Air Station from St Simons Island and were looking for a good place to eat before the Blue Angels took to the sky. I used Yelp because  we were not familiar with this section of Jacksonville. I ran across the Soul Food Bistro that had twelve Yelp ratings and they were a five stars. This caught my attention so we decided to give it a try and thanks goodness we did. The Soul Food Bistro is not that appealing from the outside but the Soul Food aroma led us through the front door. You go through a cafeteria style line and make a selection of your Soul Food. I had the ox tail which I have never had before. It tasted like the best pot roast I have ever had. It was served over yellow rice. I also had the dressing and gravy along with a side of collard greens. Your meal comes with probably the best cornbread I have ever tasted along with sweet tea. My wife and friends had the fried chicken and said it was by far the best they have ever had and they all have their shared of "Southern Fried Chicken". The Soul Food Bistro puts Paul Dean's restaurant in Savannah to shame. This is also the first cafeteria restaurant where one of the staff came by our table every fifteen minutes to make sure everything was good. We stated as we were leaving that we would definitely be returning in the very near future. This will be another five star rating for the best Soul Food establishment I have ever dined in. PS Forgot I order some peach cobbler but was to full to eat it after our meal so I took it home and had it after supper and it was fantastic!! The Potter House is an International Ministry that holds their services in Jacksonville's first fully indoor shopping mall. It houses a 4000+ seat auditorium, 1000 seat youth church, a 12,000 square foot nursery facility and numerous executive offices, conference rooms, recording studio and much more all with the latest in high technology. There are now over 25 stores In the New Kingdom Plaza Mall it includes The Potter's House Soul Food Bistro serving all of North Florida and South Georgia.
The BEST oxtails in town!! While service is mediocre and the wait may be long, the food is good. My favorites are the oxtails, cornbread, and baked tilapia. The yams are mushy and the Mac and cheese is hit or miss. Everything else on the menu is pretty good. I make sure to stop by whenever I'm in town.
Very good food!  Corn bread and Mac and Cheese were awesome.  Great service too!
Food was good... Everything on my plate was delicious. Not somewhere I would eat often due to all the grease and butter that's used but I definitely recommend it to anyone who loves soul food.
Awesome southern and comfort food...three men on a business lunch and we all left full for $22.....TOTAL for all three of us. cafeteria style with roaming wait staff...food was Very good....will go back!!!
Food was excellent. I was kind of thrown off by the Buffett style service but the servers were pleasant and the food was Superb!!!! Mac N Cheese and Collards were really good.
Overall I would say Potters House serves up the best southern meal I have ever had. Everything I have tried is amazing. Their mac and cheese is the absolute best. Heck, everything from the fried pork chops to the greens and the sweet tea are always perfect. I have eaten here dozens of times an I always get the same level of quality. Best of all it's really cheap! This is the best hidden gem in town and one of my favorite places to eat anywhere.
The Soul Food Bistro is one of my go to spots when it's time to choose a lunch destination for work. Not only do they have the best southern food in Jax, the prices are reasonable and their customer service is top notch. I just found out that they will be opening a 2nd location early next year at the corner of Atlantic & Kernan where the old O'Charleys used to be. When it does, I'll be a regular for sure.
Mac & Cheese, corn bread and sweet potato pie were good. I had the fried chicken and it was OK. I would choose a more distinct dish like fried pork chops next time.
This place is great for lunch.  I had the opportunity to go twice while traveling in Jacksonville for work.  Had the obligatory fried chicken one day and then happened to be back again for the famous meatloaf day.  Super friendly people, great food, very quick and good prices.  The place is nice and clean as well.
Best soul food in JAX.
I have been here2x and the food and service is outstanding. (if you are an old guy like me they give you a nice break!). It is a great place-excellent food and a wonderful staff.
The Ox tails are phenomenal! the Macaroni and cheese should be rationed...it is a great, but keep your cholesterol down by only getting it every other visit. Customer service is a family style.  They are very caring, church folk. Very roomy cafeteria.  Oh yeah, real Kool-aid and brewed iced Tea. As you can imagine. long buffet line after church.   It's our family favorite for dinner.  I'm afraid to go for lunch (in fear of falling asleep at work in the afternoon.)  It's that good.
Good basic southern home cooking. The prices seem to be going up slightly.
SUCH A HYPOCRITE..this restaurant is owned and ran by a local church...which is a crying shame that their food is SINFULLY DELICIOUS..sometimes YELPS reviews are questionable, but this time it was dead on..the 1st sign was my navigation didn't trip..2nd sign the Six Flag type line that swirled into the hallway(located inside a strip mall)..3rd sign the smell..the 4rh sign hearing the people in line debate on what they got last time via what they are getting this time..now clearly I could go on & on with the signs but that isn't what you want to hear right..RIGHT..so I ordered the fried PORK CHOPS(bone-in)partially(wanted to try it with & without) dipped in gravy(the CHOP were so PATHETICALLY FREAKIN STUPID DELISH), the chops come with yellow rice(mediocre), but u can get it without..collard greens where okay, but u could tell they were from a can..I also got BLACKEYED PEAS(is my granny in your kitchen), CORNBREAD DRESSING(sunday only) and MAC & CHEESE(ignorant good)..HOSPITALITY WAS FABULOUS..the tea was very refreshing, just needed KOOL-AID to top it off..but hey..all absolutely cooked to PERFECTION..Oh yea, I did get a dessert strawberry cake..lets just say you can tell they used actual shortening and flour in the pans to bake the cakes :-( other than that you have to try this place..I know I did TWICE while I was in Jacksonville for a week :-)
Today was my first time visiting Soul Food Bistro and the food lives up to the hype on Yelp and exceeded my expectations. I had the fried chicken, macaroni and cheese and green beans. I also loved the cornbread and I am not a fan of cornbread. I will definitely be back again soon. The employees were all super friendly too.
FINALLY! Soul Food Bistro is a place where I can bring my friends from out of town to eat true Jacksonville, soul cooking! The fried chicken is to DIE FOR! The outer batter melts in your mouth. It's not too salty, never old, and always crunchy. The actual chicken is always juicy and fresh. They never serve cold food. Today, my friend ordered chicken tenders and the guy was about to give him the older tenders, and instead, gave my friend a number for fresh ones! The people are always friendly! The sides are also amazing. A friend told me about their mac n cheese. It was great, but the next visit, I had the mashed potatoes. Now that, THAT is BANGIN'! The style of the restaurant is cafeteria style, so you go down the line and literally pick out what you want. It may not be fancy, but who cares?! It may be on a sketchier side of town, but who cares?! The food is AMAZING! Besides, I believe the restaurant rents through The Potter's House Christian Fellowship. If I do say so myself, the food is godly and wonderful!
Cafeteria style place.. be prepared to stand in line but it is worth the wait.  Fried chicken, greens, macaroni & cheese, cornbread, sweet tea...  like we all grew up eating!!  I couldn't even finish all mine and I was stuffed.  So good and great prices and friendly staff.  Love this place!!
Foodgasm!!! This place will set a new standard for green beans and mac & cheese. I have no idea what they season the green beans with but I can only think that is what love must taste like. The deserts are just ok but who cares ... after juicy fried chicken, green beans, mac & cheese and cornbread you won't have room.
Seeing there were so many 5 stars I thought there was no way the place could live up to the hype.  I was wrong.  Everything was full of flavor, and I think my favorite part was that the smothered pork chops still had a little crunch in the breading even after being dipped in gravy.  A worthwhile hit for anyone visiting Jacksonville.
Got there right before noon and was lucky enough to only stand in line for about 15 minutes. The food was delicious. Suffice it to say my 15 month old son was dancing in his chair the food was so good! Fried chicken, mac and cheese and corn bread. You can't get much better than this.
Great comfort food, but you have to be in the mood for fried food.  The sides are solid and the cornbread is great.  i alway get the smothered pork chops and they are always great.
We had this at our work and I have NEVER had soul food like this. The BEST macaroni and cheese,collard greens and of course the fried chicken.Delicious home cooked meals.
Three words.  Off the chain.  I went today around 2:00 pm and there was still a line at the buffet line.  The fried chicken is the best I have ever..ever..ever had.  The macaroni and cheese...are they being serious?  I mean seriously.  It was so good.  The smothered pork chops are on point.   While eating my meal I experienced something that rarely happens.  Yes, I had a foodgasm.  It is just that good.  And don't even get me started about the service.  I've been in Michelin star restaurants that wish they provided this level of service.  The food here is so good it definitely has earned my first ever 5 star review.
