What took me so long?  If you haven't been to Olio, drop what you are doing, get in the car and get downtown right now!   My experience was awesome, on their busiest night ever, during the Oktoberfest ArtWalk.  I ordered the Lamb sandwich (forget the actual name) and the Shrimp PoBoy...both were off the chart amazing.  The naan was warm, soft, perfect!  The shrimp poboy bread was perfect as well, more of a sub, as I would take every bite I would pray for a shrimp...somehow, someway, there was a shrimp in every single bite!   Quit reading this and go right now.  I will be opening a franchise of Olio in a city near you soon...Just kidding.
Looking for a downtown place with unique sandwich menu options in a modern urban setting... look no further than Olio. I was at a conference for the week at the Hyatt and hit them up at least five times. One of those occasions was for breakfast. I really thought the building had a lot of character, code it's old. Parking is off street and appeared to be FREE! The interior is spacious with wood floors booth seating by the windows and tables in the center. The chairs are snow white and made of plastic. Drop lighting on a wire is throughout the restaurant. Possibly one of the more unique things about the establishment are the works of art hanging over the green walls. The open air kitchen is to the rear with two locations to order. I found it confusing as a first visit to set my bearings correctly. The menus on large wood tablets are on columns and can be over looked too. I found the dining room and all unoccupied tables to be clean. I found the restroom prior to ordering which is in the back to the right of the kitchen. The facilities were clean and functioned fine. The service when putting in my order was mixed. The first time not so great with a less than friendly employee. But the other few times very good. Your name is called out to pick up, so the service ends when ordering. A few of the items I got were fish taco's. duck cheese, bacon/cheese fries, french toast and a chocolate chip bread putting desert. I enjoyed it all except for the desert, it just did nothing for me and was highly recommended which was disappointing. The best thing was the fish taco's. CAUTION the fish comes out smoking hot! Prices seemed fair for the quality of food. Also, be careful where you sit if the A/C is running, it drips in several spots around the dining room. The business is NOT open on weekends, so keep this in mind as I made the mistake of trying to get a meal on a Saturday. Also keep in mind that the area although clean around the business has a homeless population. I was approached a few times within a block of the restaurant. The place can get pretty packed for lunch, so keep this in mind. Since the place was featured on a food show it also has a touristy element. I am a 3.5, but will round up. It was good enough that if I lived in Jacksonville I would dine with them if downtown. However, I don't think I would go out of my way.
Orderd the falafel wrap, the falafel were very gooey and had an odd taste, the wrap also had corn and black beans salad. I guess they were trying to come up with a new falafel recipe but the taste and texture did not come out right. *They were nice and got me another sandwich when I sent the falafel back
Excellent place for lunch. Didn't have a great experience for breakfast but that's been a while so they may have improved. Awesome atmosphere and great food.
Just visiting Jacksonville and stumbled upon this place. It was delicious. I went with a group of people and we each got different things, and every single one was fantastic. Quick and friendly service. I wish I could go back!
Went here for lunch, first I really loved the space...Urban, modern, artsy.  Deff somewhere to come eat some lunch and hang out but maybe a later lunch cause I think they get a pretty busy lunch crowd and I cant just sit at my table when there are people waiting for a table.  Anyways the Food! It was very good we got the fish tacos, and a steak philly, the fish was huge pieces of fish with a fruit salsa(i think) the philly was good just nothing special, we should have gone with the duck grilled cheese that gets raved about, oh well that will be for next time! Oh and I absolutely loved the homemade Ginger Ale! Spicy and sweet I would go back just to get another drink!
I decided to try this place for breakfast and coffee on my way to work. There was plenty of metered parking which was nice. The place was dead when I walked in. It took me a second to get my bearings but I found my way to the order counter. The young lady who took my order (Francesca) was really nice. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with bacon, egg, and cheese. Unfortunately they were out of bacon! A breakfast place out of bacon...go figure. So I opted for ham as a replacement. I was also informed that they were out of creamer for the coffee.....ugh. Fortunately the cook had some that he shared! I really enjoyed my breakfast sandwich and the coffee they brew is some of the best I've had. I'll return and hopefully enjoy some bacon on my breakfast sandwich!
Oh Olio I really really wanted to love you but that just didn't happen for me.  I had the shrimp avocado tacos and cheesy bacon fries.  The shrimp was tossed in a sriracha lime aioli but tasted more like it was dumped in mayonnaise.  /:  The fries with cheese and huge chunks of bacon with basil aioli saved the day though!  They were delicious!  I believe they were having an off day so I'm eager to get back and try more of their menu items.  Service was fast and friendly!!
This will be a short, but glowing, review. It was Jacksonville Jazz fest and I was manning the Yelp booth all day. It's enough to make a gal super hungry so I sent Adam off to Olio, which I've been meaning to try for awhile now, to get some grub. I gave him the green light to get anything that sounded delicious, and he did not disappoint. What came back my way was the duck grilled cheese: a glorious sandwich with thick and perfectly grilled sourdough, flavorful duck confit and enough gruyere and white American cheese to make your head spin. It was messy, cheesy, buttery and the best grilled cheese I've ever eaten. While I've not stepped a foot inside the restaurant, I can definitely say, from only the one sandwich, I am a fan and need to get back down there with the quickness to try a few more things from the menu.
First time here for me.  I'm having the BBQ Chicken sandwich.. The cost of the meal is $10.97.  Let's see if its worth it.  At first glance I was not sure when I think of BBQ Chicken I think I should see red BBQ sauce. It had none but I tried it any way and it was delicious.  The fries were fresh as well I think.  I'll have to go back again to try other things. I was impressed.
I am not from Philly... I am from the South.  Therefore, I don't profess to be an expert, by any means, on cheesesteaks.  But I can tell you this, the cheesesteak I had from Olio is the best damn cheesesteak I have ever had in my life.  Seriously.  I am not at all kidding.  It was so hot and fresh.  The cheese was mixed in perfectly with the meat.  So, so yummy!   The bacon cheese fries were equally as wonderful.  Nice, soft fries (I hate the hard, tiny crunchy ones) and I'm not sure what kind of cheese they used (I'll have to ask next time), but it was amazing.  Oooey Gooey tons of cheese!  Yum!  Also huge pieces of perfectly cooked bacon. Hubby had the duck grilled cheese and love it.  That's really saying something with him because he is not, nor has he ever been, a fan of grilled cheese sandwiches.  But I'll let him tell you more about that in his own review. Olio is in the heart of downtown Jax, so you'll have to park on the street.  Make sure to bring along some quarters with you to feed the meters. Thanks so much to fellow Yeep Adam R. for introducing me to this place.  I never even knew it was here!  In the future, when I'm craving a cheesesteak, this will definitely be the place I'm heading to!
I wasn't sure what to think when Adam R. handed me a sandwich wrapped in tinfoil and said, "it's duck grilled cheese."  Ummmmm, that's a thing??? Was literally the first thought that came to mind... Man am I glad I tried it though! It was awesome.  The cheese was nice and gooey....and the duck was tender and had plenty of taste... We also had an order of bacon cheese fries...they were very tasty!! The wife had the philly cheese steak... She handed me her sandwich and said try this... She almost didn't get her sandwich back... It was the best philly cheese steak I've ever had... We will definitely eat here again in the future.
Everyone mentions  the Duck Grilled cheese but another must try is the Pork Belly Bahn Mi. It is amazing.
Agreeing on somewhere to meet for lunch, downtown,  is now very easy after eating at Olio Market! I have heard so many great things about the food at Olio so I wanted to try them before returning to school. They are only opened Mon-Fri from 8am-3pm so I knew if I was going to try them, this would be my last week to do so. The lay-out of the restaurant is very open and spacious and there is beautiful artwork by local artists on the walls!  We got there right on time because within minutes (around 12pm)  the line was seriously around the corner! I also liked the exhibition style kitchen!  I love it when I can see my food being prepared!  That's the best!  Speaking of the best, I ordered one of the best po-boys I have ever tasted! Their shrimp po-boy is packed with flavor!  Besides the succulent shrimp, it also has andouille sausage, jalepeno coleslaw and fried phyllo...YUM!!! One of my friends got the duck grilled cheese sandwich.  This sandwich has been featured on the Travel Channel as Adam Richman's best sandwich in America!  How cool is that?!?!  It is made with duck confit, green tomato, and yummy gruyere and white american cheese!  She loved it! Another friend got the fish tacos.  Made with blackened tilapia, mandarin salsa, shredded cabbage,  and a delicious cilantro-lime cream! I guess it's a good thing I don't work near downtown because this place could get my waistline in a lot of trouble.  I could probably eat there everyday!  The food was so fresh and flavorful!  Not to mention they strive to use organic and local products which is another plus!  I can't wait to try their breakfast!  If you're in Jacksonville, this is a place you've got to try!
Had lunch earlier today at Olio. If you have read my earlier review you know that I absolutely love going to Olio for lunch. Since my last review I have gone a couple more times. The consistency is definitely there. I mostly order the same 2-3 things and I never get let down. To me they have some of the best fish tacos in town. You are not going to get some tiny couple pieces of fish. If you see from the pictures I post, you get a good piece of fish in both taco shells. It's simple, fresh tasting and well balanced. I mostly get my order to go, so I call in ahead of time and the order is usually ready when I get there. So it's a positive for those that have to take a lunch break and don't have time to sit. I usually order around 10:30am. At 11 the place starts to get packed and picking up your order quickly might be difficult. Me being a chef, I like how their chefs work together and time things out. It makes it so your food comes out fresh and all at the same time. Since I got there early, I took advantage and took some pictures of the dining area. Just the way they decorated it is really nice. It is a big wide area with a couple of columns spaced about. Plus, I love the local art they have placed around the restaurant. I definitely feel it is a restaurant that many people will love and make one of their favorites.
Shrimp tacos were so good and the home-made ginger-ale burns the nostrils in a good way. :)
I had the steak and cheese sandwich and it was GREAT.  I will definitely come back when I'm in town.  Go there!  You won't regret it!!
Olio never disappoints. Good quality lunches and great place to enjoy dinner on art walk Wednesdays. The sandwiches are all delicious. The reubens are my favorite and recently we really enjoyed the fish sandwiches. I can forego french fries at most places, but at Olio I never skip the fries with the amazing, fresh made, herb aioli sauce. My newest favorite is the shrimp po'boy.
WOW. Traveling to Orlando from Maryland with my family and we were in Jacksonvile around lunchtime. So of course we turned to Yelp, and we were once again, not disappointed. We decided to go to Olio even though I was the only one that was enthusiastic. My family was weary due to all of the reviews talking about the duck sandwich since none of us like duck. It was busy, which is understandable on a Friday at noon. The young woman that took our order was extremely friendly and fun. We got an order of cheese fries, I got a steak taco salad, my younger sister got the burger, my mom got the shrimp and avocado tacos, and my dad got the ham and cheese sandwich. First, the cheese fries. All of our eyes popped when we tasted them. The fries themselves were amazing but the cheese made the whole thing, and it was still steaming. Amazing. The taco salad was great. The taco bowl was flaky and wonderful, the steak was tender, and the sauce was nice. The burger was moist and the white american cheese was wonderful (we couldn't decide if that's what was on the cheese fries or not.) The shrimp/avo tacos were "magnificent" according to my mom. The shrimp was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The spice was a good amount for flavor but not overpowering. The avocado was fresh and creamy. Now for the ham and cheese on a pretzel roll with pinneapple aioli. My dad finished his sandwich in probably 2 minutes. Then he talked about it for the next half hour. He told, didn't ask, us that we were going there on our way back home too. To understand the signifigance of this, you need to know that my dad ALWAYS says food is "okay" or "alright." This time "fantasmic, delectible, and delicious" came out of his mouth. He asked if they sold shirts and when they didn't, he said he was going to make one. If that doesn't tell you how great this place is, I don't know what will. UPDATE: our whole time in Orlando my dad kept talking about how excited he was to go back on our way home. Sadly, we were traveling on the 4th of July and they were closed and he was so so sad. I think he has fallen in love.
This was the first place I tried on my visit in Jacksonville and it was solid. The place was clean, large, and the service was good at the counter. The sandwiches were pretty good, but they were small. Don't go in with a big appetite and think one sandwich is going to do it. The duck grilled cheese is really all that. If you have ever had a real bahn mi don't get the one there. It is a rift of off a bahn mi and as my Vietnamese friend I was eating with said, not really a bahn mi.
I was staying at the Hyatt and Yelp lead me to this place. It's right behind it a block away. I ordered the duck grilled cheese because that was the favorite it seemed. It was really delicious and not overly saturated with butter like most grilled cheese sandwiches. It had a green tomato inside. Yum. $7 cheap for a sandwich. I went around 12:15 so it was busy. Probably 10 people in front of me but it went really fast.
So my neighbors told us about this place last week & at 10:30am today asked if we would like to join them for lunch since we've never been.  It was before the crack o'noon, but we actually got up, threw on some clothes and hurried to catch a ride.   Just so you know, this place is in the heart of downtown Jax on a school day & surprisingly parking was pretty easy @ 11am--just enough time before the lunch crowd.  Just make sure you come with plenty of quarters because you may lose a few feeding the meter.   For myself, I ordered the Shrimp & Avo Tacos, Small French Fries with basil aoli & a bowl of gazpacho & Jeff ordered the Ham & Swiss Sandwich.  Our friends ordered the Pork Chop & Mac Sandwich, Duck Grilled Cheese, Small Fries, the White Asparagus soup & the Bisque.   Fortunately, we were all down with eating family style so we got a chance to taste everything on the table. And while I've made my versions of some of what we ordered at home, OLIO really kicks it up a notch and it is works. Overall, my favorite was the Pork Chop & Mac Sandwich.  Super rich, but oh so heavenly!   Great first time experience @ OLIO! They offer fresh & tasty food (check out the chalkboard specials) with quick, friendly service.  Fresh & creative with a cool spin on American comfort foods.  Nice atmosphere with a cool downtown vibe.  Looks like they change up the menu so I know I'll be back....5 STARS
I come here yearly for a conference and I'm so glad I found this lunch spot! It's got great food, it's fresh, unique food pairings and delicious. I also think their menu changes every so often. TRY THIS PLACE!
After seeing this place on the food network and realizing it wasn't too far from my house I knew I had to check it out. I've been down multiple times since then and I've loved just about everything I've ever had here. First, the open room and kitchen area makes the place look super inviting. I love all the unique wall on the walls and it's always cool to see what's new when I come in. The staff is super friendly and have always been able to answer any questions I've got. The food is amazing. I've tried the duck grilled cheese, the shrimp and avacado tacos, the steak and cheese sandwich, as well as most of the soups. The bacon cheese fries are also to die for. If its your first time I'd suggest the homemade ginger ale, which they serve as a mix in your cup that you can add sprite or carbonated water to. It's a bit strong so if you're iffy on ginger you might want to try something else!
Really love this place. The food is fantastic. I've only been a couple of times, but every time I've been there I haven't been disappointed. As of this writing I've tried the duck grilled cheese, bacon cheese fries, jerk pork special, and the Italian. If you ever come through downtown and get hungry Olio should be in your top 3 choices to stop at. I love their fries, and surprisingly the basil aoili dipping sauce. I thought I was going to dislike the basil aoili, but it's very good. It's nice to have something different than ketchup to dip fries in. Bacon cheese fries was the best I have ever had. The cheese melted on top is so damn good, and the bacon is REAL cooked bacon. The duck grilled cheese that everyone seems to love was pretty good. Comes with duck confit, gruyere, green tomato (which I opted out of), and white american cheese on thick cut sourdough. My only complaint is i wish they had just a tad bit more cheese and duck on it. Otherwise very well done. Duck is sort of like chicken in terms of texture, but it has a distinct taste to it. The Italian was also decent, but I wasn't overly impressed with it. Still worth a try to see if you like it. I would get it again, but there are to many other items on the menu that interest me. It comes with italian meats & cheese with hot pepper spread, onion, tomato, lettuce, and a red-wine vinaigrette. Jerk pork special wasn't anything special to me. It was spicy (which is fine for me), but so far has been my least favorite thing to consume. I also tried the fresh ginger ale as my buddy recommended. First time trying something like that. It's an experience and if you haven't done it before give it a go and decide for yourself. I wasn't a big fan of it, but it wasn't bad. They also have specials each day they write up near the register that isn't on their everyday menu. Awesome lunch spot, and is high up there on my favorite spots in jax.
This place has a laid back atmosphere where you order at the counter.  The decor is sparse and eclectic. They were playing 80s and 90s hits.  The tables were crammed close like in a real city.  Prices were moderate and they were fast and clean.  I would recommend this place for a business lunch as it is trendy and fun, but the food choices won't alienate anyone and you can actually carry on a conversation. I love the fresh ginger ale here; really delicious with a spicy kick and you mix it to your liking.  The fries are really something special; they took an ordinary side and made it amazing by the way they prepare it and with the fabulous basil aioli (similar to Melting Pot's green goddess sauce).  I had the shrimp po'boy (minus sausage).  They did not hold back on seasoning!  The shrimp were delicious and the bread had a perfect texture.  I would suggest they add more of the jalapeno slaw, since it was masked by the shrimp.  The crab cake sandwich was passable but not worth ordering again.  We plan to go back to try the fish tacos.
Had a fantastic duck grilled cheese with onions and green tomatoes!!! It was a brief experience but worth my money (actually my friend paid- but the concept stands).
I stopped by Olio during the last artwalk event and let me just say that I'm hooked!  They're not too far from my office in downtown so I now have a new favorite lunch spot.  The atmosphere is pretty chill.  Very clean.  As for the food, I can't get enough of the Duck Grilled cheese.  Who would have thought such a childish snack could be turned into something so decadent!  Nice, buttery, golden thick-sliced toast; tender, juicy duck meat; and a glob of freshly melted cheese.  I can't get enough!  The only thing that's bad about it is that I havent't given myself the freedom of trying too many other things off the menu.  Oh yeah, and it's only about 7 bucks!  It's a good sized sandwich.  Big enough to eat half now and munch on the rest later... but you'll probably refuse to let it sit out that long ;) PS - Get the bacon cheese fries on the side!
Olio has been bookmarked on my Yelp forever, I was finally able to make it here an I'm soooo glad I did. This place is spacious with an open kitchen concept which I enjoyed. I ordered the duck grilled cheese, bacon & cheese fries, fish taco, and the house made ginger-ale to wash it all down. The duck grilled cheese lived up to the hype, the duck was seasoned perfectly, with just enough cheese, the best part being the thick buttered french bread. I could have devoured more then one of those babies. The fish tacos were OK, being from So Cal I know a good fish taco. It was good but nothing I would order again. The fries were good, could have used more cheese but that's just my preference, I LOVE CHEESE! And the house made ginger-ale was awesome, wish there was an option for refills on that LOL. I don't frequent downtown often in the daytime but this place its worth taking the trip.
We ventured downtown for lunch here to see if this place lived up to the high reviews and I can now honestly say YES. It was worth the drive for us suburbanites and self proclaimed foodies and we both loved the flavor explosions on our dishes. I had the fish tacos which were very flavorful, most likely the best I have ever had. My wife ordered the duck salad and it was also highly praised. PS after trying a piece of her duck I regretted not ordering the duck grilled cheese as it was the perfect consistency not greasy or fatty and flavored just right! Next time you will be mine duck grilled cheese :) . We also shared an order of fries which I am kind of a fry snob they were PERFECT, crispy on the outside and just the right seasoning. YUM Yes just visit these folks you wont be disappointed. BTW I was a little worried about parking but there were plenty of meters available on a weekday at lunch time so no worries. If you work downtown and within walking distance even better. Thanks and see you next time.
After talking about this place forever, I finally decided to go here during the last days of the Eat Up Downtown promotion. Thinking that it would be crazy busy I told my friends to be there before the doors opened at 5 since they did not take reservations and it was first-come, first-served. We all got there and we were easily able to park directly outside the restaurant. Sweet! When the doors opened, we were greeted by Francesca and we happily went in. I believe the majority of our group ordered the sandwich everyone recommended, the Duck Grilled Cheese and it was delicious. I may have gone in with my expectations too high for this dish however I was not let down too much. There was no "flavor bonanza", just a really good sandwich. I also had to remind myself that this was a lunch item, not a dinner item. I also ordered the Bacon Cheese Fries, which were sinfully tasty and an Oreo Brownie. I'm not big on brownies but I couldn't pass up one made with Oreos. My friends all agreed that their food was wonderful and that they will be back here to eat to which I totally agreed with them.
Wonderful food, fast service. Love everything I've tried and they frequently add new items. And dem fries are always the highlight of my day.
Excellent food. Very gourmet for branch and lunch... Creative menu. It is super busy at lunch time because all professionals working downtown Jacksonville go to get lunch and the staff runs short, creating a stressful environment for them which causes them to act short with the customers at moments... But other than that; I strongly recommend it. You may look at pictures I posted of some of the items in menu and daily specials...
Home made fries with the basil aioli dipping sauce were amazing!! I opted for the duck confit grilled cheese, my hopes were high since it was up for best grilled cheese. I enjoyed the sandwich but didn't really know why it was a contender for "best grilled cheese" it needed a little more flavor, but it was still tasty! The others I were with had the steak and cheese sandwiches which were so good- the best in Jacksonville, now that is my go too order when I come! I loved the gouda cheese that was on it and the crispy edges :)
Why 4 stars? Because look how fly Jacksonville is.   ---   ---   --- I hope saying the word "fly" comes back. I hope it comes back strong. My last visit to Jacksonville was really eye opening. It can be cool, hip, and trendy. I'd only been once before, and I always envisioned it as a po-dunk, sprawling, red neck haven. I didn't imagine I'd find places like Bold Bean and Olio. I couldn't pass on the duck grilled cheese, and despite not being a fan of duck - I enjoyed it. I'd probably check out the shrimp po boy, bbq pork wrap, skirt steak banh mi, monte cristo, or the cowboy chicken next time. The menu is impressive, and the vibe is sweet. I also drank homemade ginger ale, which I thoroughly enjoyed. Job well done, Olio!
The Duck Grilled Cheese is one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. The bacon cheese fries as a side are fantastic as well. I have had other items on the menu but those 2 are bar none the tastiest things there. Only small downside is that this place can get fairly busy during lunch so plan accordingly. But well worth the wait.
I am not sure what I expected, but this was an unexpected gem.  Service was impeccable, decor was classy, the pace unhurried. Okay, I had a difficult decision just on what to try, but with some assistance by the hostess/cashier/waitress I tried the Duck Confit sandwich.  The combination of the gruyere cheese and duck was good, but not great.  The bread and the condiments were fantastic and the crab bisque, however was excellent and the split it in two so my friend and I could share. There are at least a dozen dishes I would like to try, so while it was not near my office nor near my usual route, I will be looking forward to coming back.
I have two words:  RUM CAKE. Around the holidays they advertise their rum cakes, but you can special order one any time of year.  Rich, buttery bundt cake topped with lots of chopped nuts and rum glaze.  Unlike most other rum cakes, you can actually taste the rum. My husband is not a dessert person and he loves this cake.  I am a dessert person, and this is one of my favorite cakes ever.  Get one! ... as for their lunch offerings, the other reviews have pretty much covered it.  Delicious, fresh sandwiches, soups, and salads.
Thank you for serving me a glass of beach ball wine right before you closed! It is exactly what I needed! And sorry for not realizing you were closed :)
Have had four things-shrimp and avocado tacos, shrimp po boy, fish tacos, and fries. The fries are some of the best around, and the shrimp tacos were great-could be improved with local shrimp, though. Po boy was too salty for any of us to enjoy!
Since I'm a night owl, this place was unknown to me.  They are only open for lunch hours, from what I understand.  We were lucky to see they were open one night during Art Walk, although I am not sure if this is a usual, monthly thing for them. I had the Monte Cristo, which was very good.  It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was nowhere near the worst.   I look forward to hopefully catching them open late night sometime.
Oh ya, I loved Olio! I strolled in for lunch with my roommate around 2 pm yesterday and we pretty much had the place to ourselves. We stepped up to the counter to order and narrowing the menu down took about two seconds for me. Duck. Grilled. Cheese. Done. Seriously? How could I not order that? My roomie went with the Fish Tacos (Tilapia) and we decided to share everything with a side of French Fries thrown in for good measure. Our food was ready in about 10 minutes, and we stepped back up to the counter to grab it. Olio is set up kind of like a cool-kid cafeteria, with all the food served on trays and an open floor plan with lots of tables thrown together. The color scheme and artwork is very eye-pleasing, especially with the Christmas lights and tree they had set up for the season. Our food looked awesome! The Fish Tacos featured whole Tilapia chunks positively smothered in an Mandarin Orange Salsa and Cilantro-Lime Creme. The Duck Grilled Cheese came wrapped up in aluminum foil and parchment paper to keep up all the yummy flavors in. We divided up the food and dug in with excitement. The fish was super fresh and juicy. So juicy, in fact, that juice kind of poured out everywhere making for a somewhat messy eating situation. Still very good though. The Duck Grilled Cheese was definitely my favorite of the two with duck confit, gruyere, and cucumbers pressed and melted between two buttery pieces of sourdough. The french fries were also delish wish the basil aoli for dipping. Only complaint, this grilled cheese was almost a day-ender! You're either going to take a nap or take a run after this one depending on your outlook. I'll definitely be back to try some more of Olio's unique offerings. All their soups, for instance, looked winning, especially the Butternut Squash with ginger and nutmeg. If today's meal was any indication, this will quickly become one of my favorite lunch spots in Jax.
This place...other reviews were spot on when they said it's a hidden gem. I never bothered going in the past from the lack of reviews and buzz I heard about it. This place is amazing, don't let the lack of reviews stop you from going. Stopped by for lunch this week and the restaurant was packed. Olio is very modern looking inside, the staff is unbelievably friendly including the head chef (owner?) who calls out your name as your meal is up. The food is new American, sometimes bordering on gastro pub fare. Beware, the sides are filling and well portioned. Other restaurants take note, Olio is doing it right. I had the smoked pulled pork wrap with bacon cheese fries, light lunch. The wrap has green tomatoes which is a very nice touch. This may be my new favorite lunch spot in town.
Well I figured I should add a review, in light of the pictures posted. The food at this establishment is simply wonderful! So far, I have had the DUCK GRILLED CHEESE (my absolute favorite), shrimp tacos, salmon salad, shrimp po boy, salmon BLT, lamb wrap, Ceasar with confit duck,the Italian and the heart clogging bacon cheese fries. Everyone meal has been delicious!!!! So go on and treat yourself.
Somehow I hadn't heard of Olio until recently, so I was really excited that they were open for dinner because of Art Walk. I was really impressed upon walking in. The space has the historic charm of downtown with the modern touches of a new, interesting restaurant. I chose the oyster sandwich and my boyfriend had the duck grilled cheese. We split an order of fries, with the basil aioli. There's really no better way to describe my sandwich than 'blah.' It didn't even seem seasoned, just a bunch of crunchy batter (between the flavorless fried oysters and the fried onions that didn't seem to contain any actual onions). My boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich, and I definitely preferred his but don't know that I would order it myself. We also got the dessert of the day, the tarte tatin. It was yummy, but closer in taste to an apple pie than the French tartes my boyfriend loves so much. We will try to go back (I guess next month when they are open for dinner again?!) and give it another shot but this experience's high points were basil aioli and a tarte...not exactly what we were hoping to describe as the highlights of dinner.
I've been to olio 6 or 7 times for lunch and it's always good. The first 5 times I had the falafel wrap: a few large falafel (that's chickpeas that are fried) with red pepper coulis and large romaine pieces, in a naan-like wrap. It is awesome and filling. The homemade fries and homemade chips are amazing and served with a basil aioli to dip. The fish tacos are a favorite and the cuban is decent. I had the special of the day on my list visit: fish and chips, served with a jalapeno slaw. The fish was tasty and portion was large but the breading wasn't quite crispy -- more soggy than crispy, so took most of it off. I love the chewy three-grain salad that's occasionally on rotation as a side item. It's several grains, mixed with nuts and dates or apricots and a little olive oil. The texture is the best part. olio has a nice vibe, with an open kitchen, dark floors, huge windows overlooking Bay Street, and modern furnishings. Worth noting: olio makes its own gingerale and lemonade. They give you the syrup and you add ice and water. Prices are average but you pay for your side items, which can quickly add up. Go early (11:30) as it gets packed around noon. It's a fun downtown lunch spot worth checking out.
Tried Olio for lunch and was greatly impressed. I had the lamb gyro which was beautifully seared and the toppings fresh. My boyfriend had the fish tacos with a sweet Caribbean seasoning that was delicious and perfectly balanced. Strongly recommend for a lunch venue
well all I can say is don't believe the hype! The menu was very eclectic and so to be safe I ordered the rotisserie chicken with pesto sandwich and I was not impressed: the topping were stingy and the presentation was unappealing but I will say the aioli served with the fries was good...also it was over 13 bucks for a sandwich fries and a drink! I'd rather spend that somewhere else.
My cobb salad was great.  The gazpacho -  Only 1/2 of the cup was filled with tasteless slurry.  Not so much. yuk.  Sad ... everyone else enjoyed their meal.
I really like this place for lunch. It's always packed and always delish! The duck grilled cheese is always a favorite but my new favorite is the pistachio crusted chicken. It's outrageously good. The French fries with the basil aioli is a must for a side. The portions are large and I always take leftovers home! The only downside to this place is that it gets so busy during the work week for lunch that it's hard to hear your name when they call it to come get your food and the wait to order can take a bit but it is worth it!
Please believe the hype about the duck grilled cheese sandwich aka duck confit. This was my first time trying duck, this was a great first impression. They served the fries with basil aioli, which surprising paired well. I have to go back and try quite a few things I saw on the menu. It wasn't that busy when I went in and I received my food very fast. By the time I was finished, the place was flooded with people. The decor is very modern and urban. Now I have a new lunch spot I love, besides the French Pantry of course.
Went here around 3pm on a Tuesday  2 tables were occupied and 2 people ahead of me ordering at the cash register.  The kitchen is open so you can watch them prepare your food. After an 8 minute wait they called my name to pick up my order of fish tacos and a turkey sandwich. I liked the turkey, everything in it was fresh and layered perfectly on a dense but soft bread. The fish taco was what really impressed me. It was so good, probably one best fish tacos i've had. Would of been nice to have a couple of lime wedges to go with it but it didn't need it, I just like a lot of lime with all my tacos. Olio Market is a great addition for downtown lunch.
This is a Jax favorite. Delicious food (particularly their fries!). Their staff works fast and they're super friendly. In fact, I've been here a few times since I work nearby and they remembered my name. They greet me personally every time I visit. I've noticed this with a few customers as well. This speaks highly to their attention to detail. Give Olio a try!
Really tasty food, and unique choices at the right price.  I got a simple cobb salad for $8.00 and it was good.  The salad items did not taste stale, they were crisp and overall it was a good experience.  This place is a good food choice if you are looking to change it up a little since they offer things like "duck grilled cheese" and "catfish and grits" or "Lamb Gorditas"
Ehhh. No one at our lunch was that impressed. We had a good assortment: two different salads, a hamburger, and two sandwiches. No one thought, "that was really good." I probably will go back after enough time goes by that I forget how mediocre it was.
I have been to Olio's quite a few times and this time it just wasn't meant to be a good one. First I'm driving downtown with a grill and ladder in my truck. I stopped right out front of Indochine and then thought no next time. So I circled and ended up at Olio's. I first wanted the Pork Belly sandwich and they are not doing it anymore. They also said they couldn't do the Lamb Burger, Steak Salad, or Gazpacho either. So I ended up with the Monte Cristo and I have eaten them a few times elsewhere. Now that's where I will from now on also. First the sandwich wasn't a sandwich it was a slab of brioche bread that was fried and served with some maple syrup. Then they stacked ham and melted some swiss on the top. Not eating a lot of sweet anymore the French toast they gave me didn't quite cut it. Oh well maybe next time they will have more choices.
Had a great experience.   A little bummed that they ran out of their home made fries shortly after the lunch rush.  Will return soon.
Excellent bacon cheese fries. My husband loves the Duck Grilled Cheese. Burgers are awesome as  well. I love the fact that the kitchen is open and you can see right to the chefs. A definite must try!
Went for an early lunch of the duck grilled cheese. Place is very spacious with an open, modern, relaxed feel. No one else was there when I was in (felt somewhat odd), anyway, the food was pretty good. For $7 I had a really tasty duck grilled cheese sandwich. The duck was present, but there was not a ton of it. The cheese was really good though. The bread was probably the highlight. A thick slice of french-style bread, buttered and griddled. Really well done.
Best of downtown for lunch. I've eaten six different choices and all have been excellent. Each times I've encountered very nice people working there. Great fries. Bring some quarters for easy parking.
Really enjoyed my meal.  If you don't get there before noon you will get caught in the lunch rush.  Food is very good, and very fresh.  Hate that I was only able to eat there once.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  This is another establishment that is close to my work and I go at least once a month and order and sit by the window and people watch!  I love their po-boy sandwich and mushroom soup!
Great food, great atmosphere. Careful getting there too close to noon or you'll wait a bit for food and seating. Then again, if that weren't the case, it wouldn't be as hip and cool.
Trying to decide what I enjoyed more in my first trip to Jacksonville, watching my alma mater, Northwestern University, win its first bowl game since 1949, or my two meals at Olio.  I'm just glad I had enough time to grab both breakfast and lunch..  Eggs Benedict with Bacon on home fries was a fantastic way to start out the day, and wiped the floor with the offerings of my hotel one block away.  The breakfast was so good, I had to return for lunch, but was torn between the duck confit grilled cheese and the fish tacos.  Long story short... fish tacos = deliciousness.  Hoping my team makes it back to the Gator Bowl next year just so I can sample more of Olio's offerings.
Fantastic food, good prices, good atmosphere. My only complaint is that they use Styrofoam everything and make no effort to incorporate reusable plates, cups, utensils, etc or even to recycle. They produce a shameful amount of trash.
I LOVE everything about this place..known for their duck confit grilled cheese sandwiches and their fish tacos.  The atmosphere is very open and modern. The people who work here are good people, too.
This place already has so many great reviews but I wanted to add to the kind words! The place has a ton of space and looks very clean! White chairs and booths with hard wood floors. Looks lovely! Place was busy as I figured it would be with the way people talk about their food. I was very expectant and my expectations were met when I took a bite of their blackened fish tacos. Man oh man! So fresh and flavorful. Olio strives to use only local or organic ingredients as well as making everything fresh and home made. My boyfriend ordered the lamb gyro and was highly satisfied! We'll be going back on repeat and bringing friends!
Food is managed and tasty.  We were in town for the weekend and ate here 3 times; we found it tasty and fun place.  I had a cuban sandwhich (being from miami- hard to find a "real cubin" sandwhich.  They were close. My wife "loved" the coffee, had greek salad one time and another pleasing dish another time. We liked this restaurant, its pricing and environs.
Today our search took us in the middle of Jacksonville downtown area.  We visited Olio, located at 301 E. Bay Street.  Right away I have to say, the restaurant gave out a European flavor and felt different.  The staff was very friendly and was ready to help with any kind of special requests we had to the burger.  Well lets see how they done.  As you can see the burger looked great in the presentation with the fries in the paper cup. My little addition to the wow factor was to have them put a egg on it sunny side up.  Yes I know, some of you might go, ewwww, how can you.  Well, you better try it, because it tastes awesome if done right.  I have to say, Olio did it right. The burger tasted very good.  Good enough that I would take a drive just to get their burger.  Everything tasted fresh and the bun was right on the money as well.   I would have to put them into my high category of the voted 9's when it comes to burger reviews.  Excellent job Olio, keep it up.  But, we are still hunting for the best burgers in Jax, so many to taste, so little time. On we go, its a dirty job, but somebody has to do it.............. You can see more of our reviews either here on yelp or our blog at burgergeeks.blogspot.com
I always go here with my fiance during his lunch break at work. It's a nice, modern lunch eatery. I have been there multiple times and they have never disappointed. The duck grilled cheese is YUM! Their aioli and french fries are delish :)
I found Olio to be very creative with their menu. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and location and wish they were open for dinner! I had a wonderful lunch. The french fries with the basil aioli were to die for!! I will definitely be going back.
Olio has been on my bookmark list for ages now.. Finally, my busy schedule has let me try this place out!  I always seem to miss their opening times since they are open from 8AM to 3PM Monday-Friday's only.. My first impression was wow the place itself is bigger on the inside than it is on the outside. It has that vintage feel to it, and very open. I had a hard time ordering from the menu because I simply wanted everything! I consulted to the nice lady working the cashier and she suggested a few items of her favorites and I ended up choosing the Shrimp Po'Boy Sandwich, and boy I was happy that I did! The sandwich itself costed $7.00. The sandwich consists of Shrimp (Of course, duh!), andouille sausage, jalapeno coleslaw, and some crispy noodle thingy that made it crunchy and even tastier... The Po'Boy was served on a long roll. The roll itself was soft, and wasn't bland. It had a little sweetness to it, which made the overall sandwich pretty tasty!  I had a good experience here, the only problem is the way they call out your orders. They call your name, but it is hard to hear because it gets loud inside. They should get some kind of intercom or some sort to ease the process. However, I would definitely return to Olio and next time I am going to order their famous duck grilled cheese sandwich! Can't wait!
This place is awesome! They serve interesting sandwiches, salads, quiches, etc. They use very fresh ingredients, and the food tastes amazing. Not the quickest lunch if you have a short lunch break, but very good. Try pretty much anything and you'll like it. My least favorite but lots of people like it is the salmon sandwich, favorite is the BLT. The bacon cheese fries are to die for but hope you're not trying to stick to a diet. Enjoy.
fish tacos are the best!  try the fries as well- love this place!~  the atmosphere and food are fresh and inventive.  If I lived in J-ville, Olio would be my go-to lunch spot!
Stopped by Olio for lunch after seeing it in Folio Weekly. My GF and I split the Cobb Salad and Grilled Cheese w/ duck confit. Everything was delicious! The price was very reasonable as well. Being from California, its not uncommon to pay double for the same items. I'm not downtown too often during the daytime, but I would certainly stop by Olio again for lunch.
They have a good concept going on and I will say this is quite refreshing for the downtown area. Nice open kitchen, trendy lunch atmosphere and attentionate staff. The menu (mostly gourmet sandwiches) is kept simple yet there's something done with a twist that will keep you coming for more. Good score for the home made seasoned fries, honorable mention for the pulled pork tacos and not so good mark for the ruben.
This is the type of restaurant downtown Jacksonville needs!!! Today I had the Steak and Cheese and my wife had the Chicken Club.  Both were AMAZING and we loved the fries and basil dipping sauce. Last time I went, I had the Fish Tacos and WOW WOW WOW!!! What I love about Olio is the fact that everything is close to the standard lunch food, but kicked up several levels by the quality ingredients used in a unique way. Go try Olio, you will not regret supporting this local establishment!!!
Modern minimalistic setting. Nice, helpful and courteous staff. Had the duck grilled cheese sandwich and loaded fries with cheese and bacon bits. Food tasted great! Overall satisfying experience. Will definitely be back to try other appealing items on the menu.
This place is great!  Staff was courteous and genuine and the food was delicious.  A friend and I shared the Duck Grilled Cheese and the Pork Tenderloin.  OHMYGOD!! This is exactly the sort of thing we need downtown.  Well done guys.
OMG why does this place have terrible hours and a hidden location. I haven been working in and around Jacksonville for 2 1/2 years now a few times a month never did this place come up on yelp feed or did I notice driving by.  I am watching best sandwich in American with Adam Richman and the duck grilled cheese came in 2nd place in the south east united states. How has no one in Jacksonville talked about this sandwich baffles me. Me and my husband split the duck grilled cheese and an amazing shrimp po boy sandwich. No wonder this made the list of best sandwiches in The US it was incredible. I would recommend getting 2 different sandwiches with some one and splitting. The duck is amazing but a whole would put me in a coma. If this place was in a different part of Jacksonville or actually in any other city and had evening hours it would do a killing. They have a great beer selection too. But who wants beer 7:30-3 Monday - Friday and unless you work downtown it makes it almost impossible to frequent.  Basically the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is for the hours and location. Now some one please tell the owners to expand.
the food was great! it's better to go earlier because they tend to run out of things as the afternoon rolls around. great place for lunch downtown!
