I was in the glorious French Pantry one time, one sole, life-changing time. It was possibly the best food I've ever had. The bread is crispy and fresh and delicious. The sandwiches are made from fresh ingredients. The lemonade was delicious. The desserts... oh man, I felt like I was eating pieces of heaven! The one-of-a-kind menu always keeps you guessing (or so I'm told) My sister lives in Jacksonville and I can't wait to go see her again and go to French Pantry! Small location, but going at the right time can avoid you a line out the door. Man, why did I review this? I'm gonna dream about French Pantry for days to come. :(
Intensely amazing- everything incorporates the fresh made bread and seasonal ingredients. Do not be intimidated by the line out the door, it's a sign that it is worth the wait.
HEAVEN ON EARTH, GUYS. Please eat here. Omg, omg, omg. I don't know what to say. I don't even remember what I had. Their rolls have fontina or goat cheese in them. yummmmmmmmmerzzzzz. I do remember ordering the Wedding Cake and eating the entire slice before leaving the parking lot. Cons: - Oddball hours for smart economical reasons. 11a-2p Monday through Friday. On my days off, I definitely make trips here.
Thanks Yeeps (yes Naomi B., I'm borrowing your term! lol) for hyping this place up SO much that I felt obligated to check it out lol                       Cons: -The hours are absolutely garbage! Whose bright idea was it to only be open 3 hours a day? Then to add insult to injury, closed on the weekends?? How dare they... -Not only is its location hidden but the interior is about the size of my 1B/1Ba apartment; this forces customers to be seated with each other...which is only okay sometimes. Out of curiosity, I asked how long they've been in business at their current location, thinking maybe they are new on the scene and I am witnessing humble beginnings. 17 years!! (or 14, I can't remember) You mean to tell me after 17 (14?) years of being in the business, you couldn't expand a teeny bit? At least enough to where if I (or those like me) want to come in and enjoy good food and a good book while occasionally people watching, I can do so without either being forced into conversation or a big ole awkward silence! -Maybe it's a French thing, but why does everything they say sound so condescending? Even when they are being nice, it's with an undertone of "Ooh, pathetic leetle Amerrrican...you know not what you speak" (in my best snooty French person accent lol). Not so much a Con though...I actually found it pretty amusing :-) That being said, color me impressed because these folks apparantly know what they are doing! Yes, they insist on staying put in an impossible venue, but when  customers are scheduling their lives around the hours and location of this lil joint, there's obviously a method to the madness. I can honestly say that they aren't too unforgiving: I got there at about 1:30p and after waiting for 30 minutes, with the line continuing to grow behind me, they didn't close those doors until there was no one left to take an order from!  Plus, when I called because I couldn't find it, one of the waitresses actually stepped outside and played air traffic controller until I parked. So, snooty French accent or not, their customer service is top notch :-) Now for the food, I only had the Shrimp/artichoke/goat cheese bruschetta and the complimentary bread & oil, so all I can say is...Où avez-vous été toute ma vie, tu bénédiction délicat des tables de dîner du ciel! (Yes, it was so good I had to say it in French...thank you Google Translate) The bruschetta was bold yet delicate, crunchy and creamy at the same time, a little bit of sweet here and a dash of pleasant bitterness there...an absolute kaleidoscope of flavor! I may be laying it on kind of heavy with the imagery but only those who have had the pleasure of indulging in this dish will be able to relate. My only complaint was that there should be more bruschetta, which was sitting on a hill of greens and herb tomatoes. Don't get me wrong, the salad bed was good...but it got in the way of my bruschetta lol The serving size was very generous; it's a good thing I was sharing it with someone, otherwise I would have looked like a big ole pig stuffing my mouth, with my eyes closed and random grunts of satisfaction... The bread was simply awesome; crispy on the outside but oh-so warm, soft and flaky on the inside...it's what all bread should strive to be when they grow up! THEN, I dipped it into the oil...I will never eat with regular olive oil again, French Pantry has set the new standard. I don't know what kind of spices and seasoning they put in that oil but the best way I can describe my reaction is....Hello, I'm Rita. And I'm an addict. lol If you didn't get it by now, I absolutely recommend this place. Yes the long line sucks, it's hard to find and you may end up on someone's lap when it's time to eat...but trust me, it's SOOO worth it! No frills, no vaseline smiles, just amazing food and an interesting experience :-)
I'm still shocked when people haven't heard of the French Pantry. So I guess it's still one of the best kept secrets here in town. Get there early because they run out of the favorites fast, like the crab cakes! Walking up to the front doors, you are immediately welcomed by the smell of fresh baked bread. The menu's are written on chalk boards. So while you get closer and closer to place your order, you can read and reread till you make your last minute decision because everything sounds so good. My all time favorite is the prosciutto bruschetta! About 5 pieces of bruschetta are placed on a large salad. Everything they make is delicious and large proportioned. There's bread to buy and the most amazing desserts placed strategically next to the cash register. Brings friends or just yourself. You'll be sitting at a table full of people anyways. :) Enjoy!
This is one of the best places to get lunch in Jacksonville.  It's not convenient if you work downtown, but it's not too much of a drive.  Basically, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Salads, bruschetta, sandwiches.... are all awesome. And the bread is some of the best bread you can have the pleasure to enjoy. The place is always crowded.  Be prepared to wait in line.  Your best bet is to go at 11am or 1pm.
It's over-rated for sure. Sandwich: It's ok. I can't tell you why the other people love them so much. You can tell the bread is freshly made. But to accept the truth, it is not the only bakery in town. Dessert: It's good, but not like 5 star good. I have better ones elsewhere. Restaurant: I wouldn't call it a restaurant. It is just a tiny small space out at the corner of a factory. Small counter, small eating space. Tables and chairs are cranked together. You have to share your table with strangers (Not that a big deal to me, just so you know it's not a fine dining). It's not a comfortable place to eat, and it is sort of embarrassing to bring your out-of-town friends or your in-laws to. I'd say, it is like eating at a corner of a farmers market.... I'd give the food 3 stars but it is not a "place" I'd like to go to enjoy my lunch. So 2 stars.
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!! This is my fav place in Jax, can I say scary from the outside, but hella good on the inside! Spiniach, fontina, mozzerella is my fav. This is a secret gem in this city!
Setting: Very comfy. Yes you will sit with other people. I enjoy that actually. Food: Excellent. Best Caeser salad ever and the Chicken/artichoke/goat cheese bruschetta was crunchy, creamy, succulent perfection. It was countered with glistening strips of deseeded, deskinned herb seasoned tomatoes mounded atop spring greens. YUM! Dessert: Not so good. Tiramisu was okay, but the coolwhip topping was a turnoff. I hate cool whip and can't believe I found it in a French Restaurant. Lost a star for that. We got there on a Monday at around 1:30pm. No line.
Ever since moving here to Jacksonville, foodies have raved about the French Pantry.  I finally gave in and me and and my companions braved the waiting line that is ever present.  (They should really put an awning so people don't have to fry in the bright summer heat.) Atmosphere:  The place is small and has a seating capacity of about 30.  I am not sure if there is any good time to go there without having to wait 15-25 minutes.  For those of you that haven't been there, the place opens at 11 am and already has a line going out the door.  Once you get in the menu is posted on chalk boards.  There is a wonderful selection of bruschetta that had its own board, and another with the main lunch items.  As you wait in line to order your lunch you will see the desserts on display.  When you put your order in, you can also order bread and any other items you will want to take with you.  Then you sit, and a waitress will bring out your food.  Because of the size of the place, it can get quite loud and the seating is limited. Menu :  The food served here is a varied lunch menu with is varied, not necessarily French.  Before you lunch order comes out, you are served with fresh baked French Bread and Pesto Rolls with olive oil. For starters, we had the  Bruchetta with Smoked Buffalo Mozzarella cheese and I because they looked so good, I dug into the eclairs.  The bruschetta was excellent - the tomatoes were so fresh, the melted cheese was good but the bread very good!  I have a thing for eclairs and when I saw these in the display case, I couldn't resist.  They were excellent - the filling was creamy and plentiful but not overwhelmingly sweet.  You have got to try it because its one of the best I've ever had! We had the French Dip, the Parisienne (French Dip with Brie), and the Rare Roast Beef with Boursin Cheese.  Several people I know rave about the French Dip.  It was good but I preferred the Parisienne French Dip version.  The au jus was good and not at all salty.  The best (for me) was the rare roast beef with the boursin cheese - the combination with the fresh greens and the bread was a winning combination. Service:  Even though we had to wait for 15 minutes outside, once you get inside, things move pretty quickly once you put your order in.  The only thing that will hold you up are the patrons who linger about after eating oblivious to other diners waiting for a table!  In a place like this we should all share and be considerate.  The waitress was good and efficient despite the volume of people. I would recommend this place if you have the time to wait and have a good fresh lunch.  Will I go back?  Probably but instead of being in a crowd and waiting in line, I will order and pick it up. Check out PHOTOS : jax-dining.com/index.php…
This is purely amazing food...nothing super fancy but once you taste the bread in the dipping sauce your hooked! I've been here three times and all three times I have purchased more and more items to go! I know have their special seasoning spices which they Do sell and mix with olive oil(I think I'm a bit of an addict now)...thinking about going on an all natural juice diet...LOL! Otherwise I'm gonna have to cut back:-(. But seriously my fave dishes are the tomato and mozzarella bruschetta, and the prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, artichoke, and tomato bruschetta. I've had their macarons twice as a dessert, and was disappointed both times especially since they are French, but other then that everything is amazing! I don't mind the communal seating so much, but the parking can get crazy! I just wish they were open at least on one day every weekend!(is that to much to ask?)and that maybe they stayed open past 2:00pm. If you have yet to try this place I highly recommend it!
Get here early and still be prepared to wait. That being said, the place is worth it.  Excellent breads and desserts.  Order everything you want on the first time through the line, there usually isn't a chance to go back through.
If you're in Jacksonville you have to stop here. The bread and deserts are something very very special. The sandwiches are beyond description. We drove right past it the first time - even with Google maps. It's housed in an industrial warehouse. The best way to find it is to look for the long line of people waiting to get in. A half hour wait is normal and the regulars seem to be the line police. The wait is worth it.
This is the one place that I would tell you to eat your dessert while you wait! Or you can get it to go. Whatever you do, you will be taking boxes out because the bread that they serve with your meal is so delicious that you end up eating it all before your meal arrives! This is the place that you have dreams about....and they're only open 3 hours Mon-Fri. Doh!
Line forms for lunch - good to get there before 11 if you want to sit down. Delicious toasty bread. The chicken sandwich with goat cheese and pesto is amazing.
Shhhh....Jacksonville's best kept secret lies on Powers Avenue in an industrial building that contains The French Pantry. And I think the secret is out, because there's always a line. But that's a good thing! Just wish it was open on the weekend too. There's nothing else like this place in Jacksonville. It's a shining star. They do everything well and they're fast and efficient. If you've never been, order one of the bruschettas (goat cheese/shrimp/artichoke and buffalo mozzarella/proscuitto/artichoke are my personal favs). Heck, share it and a dessert, as they're ridiculously huge portions. You'll leave in a state of fullness you didn't know was possible. The perfectly crunchy, crusty bread and dipping spices/oil  they bring out with your drink is enough to put a smile on my face all day! Have had the carrot cake, brown betty cake, banana fosters cheesecake - all wonderful!
Visited French Pantry for the second time.  The food was just as good, but the wait was excruciating.  Arrived at 11:04.  Got inside the building 45 minutes later.  Took 24 minutes from there to order and be seated.  Once we were seated the food came out quickly.  When we left at 12:36 the line was half as long as when we arrived so next time I'll wait and go later rather than earlier. French Pantry needs to do two things.  First, put an awning out front so that those without umbrellas don't pass out.  Second, lower the temperature in doors by at least 7 degrees. On the bright side the foul problem I experienced last time has been fixed.
This is by far my favorite lunch time spot in Jacksonville!  The meals are spectacular every time, the breads that are offered are incredible, and the desserts - if I am ever put on death row, my last meal will include a dessert from The French Pantry - yes, it is that good! If you want a treat for lunch then get to The French Pantry.  However, make sure you get there a little early before the lunch rush - seating is very limited.  Don't be surprised if you have to share a table; but, it is a small price to pay for the food at this establishment!
The best in Jacksonville. I grew up in Jacksonville and now live in Atlanta where we have lots of great restaurants. Every time we are in town for a weekend, I make a point to stay for Monday lunch so we can eat here. The food is consistently delicious and all the baked goods are fantastic. Wish they were open on the weekends so we could eat here more than once during our visits:)
This place is amazing! The breads and pastries are baked fresh daily. I had the turkey/provolone sandwich. Although the wait is LONG, it's well worth it. I left at 10:45 and the line was out the door by 11:01 when I got there. Will be leaving at 10:30 next time. Call in orders start at 10am. Only downfall is that they are only open M-F from 11-2pm. They would make a killing if they were open on the weekend.
Meh. Had heard this was a place that was a 'secret' or some BS, and that it is only open for a few hours every day oooooh wow cool. So being a follower and all - I ventured over one day for lunch. I drove past the location about 5 times because it seemed to be a super sketchy area for an 'it' place in Jax. And, people were not kidding about waiting in line! We waited for close to 30 minutes, at around 1:30pm (don't people have jobs in Jax?!?! What time is lunch? Doesn't everyone have dinner at 5pm? How can you eat 3ish hours later?). Anyway, I ate here with 2 of my other mothers, ie my Mom's BFFs. It was not the best choice to play catch up and chat. Communal seating doesn't bother me in general, but... it. was a little weird in this place. We also sat at the table after ordering for like 15 minutes before someone came over to give us utensils, wipe down the table, etc. We had our food before we could eat. So fun staring at food when you're more interested in actually eating it. Must be understaffed. I ordered something with some bread because I was told the bread is so fresh and that is why you go and woweee and... STFU because the bread was nothing to rave about. Publix has a better selection. I went. I won't be back. So... there's that.
Haha, I came to this place with a minor hangover & after eating here, it went away. Best sandwich/subs I have ever had - hands down. This is one of those "hole in the wall" restaurants & it was definitely worth it. I tried the po boy shrimp & the Sicilian roast beef. Will go back for sure... and I will try the salads!
My mom and I go here any time we go out to lunch.  If you don't time it just right, you'll be waiting in a line out the door, but, even then, the food is so worth it.  I always get the Eggplant, Goat Cheese, and Red Bell Pepper Bruschetta and usuallly get a focaccia to go.   The business could easily expand, but chooses not to, which I think is so nice.  I love the idea of communal seating and the restaurant poses such a nice place for both meeting new people and people-watching.
The food is very good.  I was one of the first people in line and before I could get my meal the line was out the door so get there early.   Also be prepared to share a table with strangers. Due to limited space they fill every seat.   I had the Texas Burger, a delicious burger with Monterrey Jack cheese, grilled pablano peppers, a wonderful guacamole and what they called salsa but resembled more of a nomads pico de gallo.  It was out of this world.   The bread they served while you are waiting was so good that I got back in line and bought a loaf  The deserts are wonderful and the meal was worth every penny spent.
This place is amazing! Get a dessert to go for sure! Definitely worth the wait in line.
I don't think it gets better than this for an under $10 meal. I ordered a pesto turkey sandwich. The wait was kind of long (20 minutes) but totally worth it! It came hot, with melted cheese and a great heaping of green stuffed inside. It was incredible. The place was packed. Was kind of hard to find, tucked i on Powers, but I saw people walking out of the building carrying drink cups. Knew that was the place. Didn't try the deserts, but they look extraordinary - cakes, cookies, etc. Amazing value!
The location is in an industrial area and is easily missed if your not paying attention, but you will know you have arrived by the line of eager patrons standing at the door. Ever wonder why people stand in line, its to do something that brings pleasure. And the food in the French Pantry does just that. The menu is on a chalk board inside and you will change your mind everytime you see a delicious plate cascade by you. The seating is country style, meaning you will be sitting with people you don't know, but that shouldn't deture you. The food is the main attraction here and the patrons are busy devouring their food leaving you to your devices. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the devine desserts. From cookies to creme brulee its all heavenly. Price? Good Taste? Excellent Service? Friendly and Deliberate
This place deserves all the accolades it's received. The decor needs work but once your lunch comes you'll forget all about it. Be prepared to wait... It's inevitable, but totally worth it!
Whoa, baby. These reviews weren't lying. The French Pantry is the most hidden of hidden gems, with a storefront that could easily be mistaken for a bathmat factory tucked away behind overgrown trees. After being advised to stay away during the lunch rush, even though this joint is only open 11 to 2, I showed up about 1:30 ready to see what all the fuss is about. The first thing I noticed is that FP definitely doesn't get hyped up because of any slick ambiance or smiling service. No way. You stand in line, read the menu on a smudgy chalkboard, and tell the French lady at the register what you want. After ordering, they'll place you where they want you. For us, that was with a table of four dudes already halfway through their meal. Fine with me, I'm social. After waiting a few minutes we were presented with a plate of hot, steamy bread served with oil and herbs. Take it from a crazy bread lady, this stuff was good. No wonder so many restaurants in town get their fluffy stuff from these guys. I ended up having to sit on my hands so I wouldn't eat the whole plate and ruin the rest of my meal. My friend and I decided to split an order of Shrimp, Artichoke, and Goat Cheese Bruschetta as wells as a Parisienne French Dip sandwich. I'm not sure what we were thinking because the portions here are HUGE. The bruschetta came out looking more like an overflowing entree salad, with crispy bread rounds positively smothered in goat cheese and adorned with fresh little scrimps. It was deliciously decadent. Exactly what I'd expect from Frenchy foodies. Our sandwich came out heaping and hot with roast beef and cheese spilling out every side. I felt like I was putting together a science project as I tried to dip my behemoth half into the steaming au jus, but all was worth it in the end as the smoky, soggy, melty, bready, heavenly bite reached my lips. Man, I do love a French dip and this one was a goodie! We weren't even halfway through our meal when my eyes began to roll back in my head. This food is RICH. Of course I had to order a dessert. I stopped working on the bruschetta and sammy and turned my efforts toward the slice of heaven on the far side of the table. A fresh strawberry topped Fruit Brown Butter Tart with a delightful fruity sauce poured in a pool on the side. Oh my gosh was this thing paradise on a plate. So so buttery and rich, with an unmistakable brown sugar buttery softness that made me stomp my feet it was so good! Topped off with sweet and sour fresh fruit and I'm in heaven. The French Pantry knows what they're doing ya'll. Bread, lunch, desserts, I'll have it all
Oh, The French Pantry.  This is another one of those places that I wouldn't mind having my "last meal," so to speak.  While I rarely get there because of the line around the building and few hours that it is open, I love eating there when I do get the chance.  This is a very small, hole in the wall place with some of the most amazing food and desserts you will eat.  It is a must try, though I hate to share this gem and make the line even longer!
At first I hesitated even reviewing this restaurant because if I tell people about it with high acollades, it will be even more difficult to get in for lunch.  All that aside, this place is a godsend to Jacksonville with its mediocre chain restaurants.  French Pantry makes you feel like you are eating a French cafe with fresh, crunch bread with dipping oil at every table and a luscious menu you can only usually find in a big city like New York or New Orleans.  They've got great bread, pastries, sandwiches and salads and are only open for lunch.  The lines are always long so don't be in a crunch for time. Try the French Dip sandwich.  It's my favorite.
Jacksonvilles Best Kept Secret is this Hideaway.  The line is out the door for a reason.  When the food is terrific, patrons will wait, and it is SO worth it.  Get the cake and then wait for the best bread and menu options this side of Paris.
long lines no room to eat in doesn't matter what amazing quality of food and absolutely delicious doesn't matter if it had to wait way worth it
I finally made it out to this highly talked about "gem" of Jacksonville. I heard about "the line" -- we made it out there early, but were still in a bit of a wait. Sucked that it was excruciatingly hot outside! They really DO need an awning or something! Wasn't too sure what to order so I went with some friend's recommendations. We tried the shrimp po boy and the chicken artichoke goat cheese bruchetta. Both tasty. But, I'd have to say, the dessert pastries and bread were the BEST part of the experience. I had the Strawberry White Chocolate Cheesecake -- SO yum! I'm not a big dessert person, but this was AMAZING! My friend got some kind of cheese bread to go -- that, too, was yum! And the complimentary bread you get to dip while you wait -- scrumptious. I would go back for the dessert alone, but while I'm there, I wouldn't mind trying some of their other sandwiches or meals. =)
Maybe it's just me. I love the food, but the whole long line / shared table thing sucks. it's just not that good to be worth the line.
Great food, great price.... And awesome deserts!!! Recommend
A co-worker took me here for lunch one day while I was in town and OMG it was by far the best lunch spot I'd been too in all of JAX.  The food is all fresh, flavorful and fabulous trust me.  The place is amazing the only downfall is the line it will be out the door and good luck finding a place to sit.  Try anything you won't be disappointed but be prepared to wait and wait in line.
There are so many lovely things that I can say about this marvelous place.  It has so much charm and many amazing eats.  Not to mention the exceptional service and sea of smiling faces.  I went with 2 friends, and among the three of us we ordered a goat cheese bruschetta, soft shell crab sandwich, shrimp po' boy, strawberry chocolate cake, bananas foster cake and wedding cake.  We started off with the cakes as we waited for our food; there is nothing better than dessert before actual food.  :)  I can't wait to take my mom!
I've been going here since I was 9 years old, every chance I could get! My number one favorite is the turkey, goat cheese, and pesto sandwich, but really, you can't go wrong at this place. Only problem is they're only open on weekdays, and have a very small window of time it's open, which explains the very very long lines. My advice? Either come super early, or really late.
The best food I have ever had in my life is at this restaurant. The owner is not very friendly, but she doesn't have to be when the food is this good. Get the chocolate cake. It's worth it. Whenever I'm away I miss this restaurant. I can't wait to go back.
I went here for lunch today. There's not a whole lot more to be said about this place. (read previous reviews) Without question, lives up to the hype. The desserts are out of control! must be seen/eaten to be believed! I especially like the way you are forced to sit at the same table with other people and end up making some new friends over lunch! Easily one of the top 3 places I have ever been to!
very mixed about this place, but overall very very delicious and well worth the money. we got here about 10:50 - 10 mins before they opened and the line outside was already ridiculous. although by the time they were ready to take our order (about 20 mins) there was a table ready for us so i guess it all works out. i ordered a raspberry salad and the prosciutto bruchetta to share with a coworker and also ordered a box of cookies and a fruit tart. they provide you with fresh baked bread and an olive oil and pepper dipping sauce for the bread. the bread was a bit over cooked on the outside, but was still super soft on the inside. the raspberry salad was by far the best thing i had there. LOTS of salad, enough for two people piled high with dried cherries (freakin amazing!!) and candied pecans. the prosciutto bruchetta was a bit salty for my taste. i think its bc the slice of prosciutto they put on it was really thick. also the reason why this place didnt get 5 stars for me was because the dessert were WAY TOO sweet for my liking. the cookies i think could use half the sugar content. and i could only eat the top layer of the fruit tart due to the sweetness. FYI this isnt some fancy place so dont expect top quality service. they get it done, but its not the best service. they totally lost my order, and the prosciutto portion came out much later, after i went up to ask them if it was ever coming. so just be warned that the service is just mediocre at best.
When you have time to wait in line, a must try!
On my last day in Jacksonville I decided to try to hit a couple of spots that I'd heard about but hadn't had a chance to try. French Pantry was certainly on that list. Arriving around 12:15, I was worried that I would be right in the thick of the lunch crowd. Surprisingly, it wasn't too busy. From the time that I walked in until my food arrived was about 40 minutes. I went with the tried and true favorite of many past reviewers- the shrimp, goat cheese and artichoke bruschetta, which was incredible. I love cheese so I got excited when I saw that the bread was smothered in it. The combination worked quite well, although if I went back I would probably get the chicken instead. The bruschetta was served with a large salad which was perfect as the balsamic vinaigrette cut the richness of the goat cheese. By the time that I arrived, the chocolate cake was gone. So I settled on the only other thing in the dessert case with chocolate in it - a chocolate chip cookie. It was good and it certainly filled my sweet tooth craving.   The cashier was clearly all about trying to move the ever extending line along but the other waitresses were personable, as they moved purposefully and expeditiously around the small restaurant.  It's a shame that they are open for only a brief stint during the workday. The industrial exterior and limited hours certainly add to the elusive nature of the place, which makes The French Pantry an awesome find.
You guys are the very best!  We purchase your bread for our cafe in Flagler Beach including the special Muffaletta bread Vera makes for us.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the food is prepared and served with elegance and artistically arranged.  Tim, the Shrimp Bang Bang was out of this world!  The olive mixture and prosciutto was excellent as well.  Your place serves as a bench mark for our business, that is for sure!
First timers, Wife and I waited in the blazing sun for about 45 mins.  Several older ladies had to take turns sitting in the small shade around the entrance doors as they were struggling from the heat.   The front areas on either side should be covered with several benches.  Could even have one side for outdoor eating? Ordering is done by reviewing the chalkboard offerings and by asking others in line what has been their favorites.  We ordered Shrimp Po Boy, Tomato and Buffalo Mozzarella Bruschetta  and Wedding cake (to go).  Total with water was $27.  We were seated about 5 mins after ordering. We went to use the restrooms, Men's was blocked by a bread cart, so had to go behind a refrigerator unit to get to the door.  The door only opened about  a foot,  Move the bread cart already! We were serve assorted slices of fresh made breads and a small bowl of oil and seasonings.  The breads were great and the oil fantastic, maybe go light on the SALTY seasonings at the bottom. Lunch came about 15 mins later.  Presentation was good, Po Boy tasted funny, small pieces of roast beef on the bottom of the roll were the problem.  Right half was tasteful, four grilled whole shrimp on each side.  Left side tasted different and a brown sauce dripped off of it?  The right side was like a thousand Island dressing, this side had another sauce as well, maybe a mistake OR only made it on one side of sandwich? Bruschetta was served set into a large salad, saturated in dressing!  Get the dressing on the side.  Bruschetta  was SOAKING in butter, health food this is NOT.  Maybe ask for NO BUTTER?  We saved the wedding cake for home.  Felt guilty about eating it while others were out in the heat suffering.  Wedding cake was NOT the best we've had. Nor sure we'll ever go back?  Plan for about an Hour and a Half for lunch.
I must say my FAVORITE lunch place to eat in Jax! I will honestly tell ya it is worth the 30 minute wait in line. This is not a lunch rush type of atmosphere. You want to come to this place when you have 1-2 hours of spare time on a day off which I do everytime I get a chance. The food is amazing and the desserts are phenominal! I always get the Chicken and Artichoke Bruschetta. It never lets me down. It's a large portion and can feed 2 people! I always have leftovers and I leave room for dessert. I have tried the double chocolate and white wedding cake with a strawberry filling.Simply Amazing!!! You will not be dissappointed!
Well, I think this place was pretty good, everyone seemed to like their food. My sandwich was ok, but not really AMAZING or worth the 45 minute wait in the midday July heat. Everything on their menu looked pretty good so I think it was a good place. I'm not dying to go back, though. They had good-looking desserts but no one in my group had one so I don't know how they were.
Worth the wait! The bruschetta was amazing and we had a slice of wedding cake which was scrumptious. The only problem is that the food is too good and you will be so full you may want to die. This is truly one of Jacksonville's best-kept secrets. Wear comfortable shoes as you will be standing in line a while.  It feels like you are waiting to have lunch at your grandmother's house, the atmosphere is not swank by any means but the food is outstanding.
Was it worth the 1 Hour wait.  I think it was, but you would have to have the time to wait and come here.  It was pretty inconvenient, but luckily I had a lot to time to kill in Jacksonville. Don't come here is you have only a 30 minute or sometimes even an hour lunch. The dessert was really good too and they look pretty awesome.  I tried the Neopolitan and it was fresh and light.  The fruit tart was good, but I have had better. The free bread and olive oil and herb dip was excellent and I was told that they have different bread each time you come in and sit down. The Bruschetta was probably on of the Best that I have ever had.  I ordered the shrimp and Leek and mozzarella.  It was pretty tasty, but unfortunately I think they forgot the shrimp on the Bruschetta or they were pretty much non-existent.  I didn't even complain about it because it was still really good and they were way too busy, but this and the wait is the reason I gave them 4 stars instead of five.
You Must Go!!!! OMG!!! So good! I ordered a sandwich w/ chicken, prosciutto and sun dried tomatoes. The place was absolutely crowded so there was no chance of dining in. I couldn't wait to eat so we drove to a nearby park and ate there. Let me tell you, it was So Good! Can't wait to go back!
This place is a gem. Not going to lie...from the outside, it looks super sketchy, but once you advance in line and make it inside, the smell takes away any preconceived notion you had about the place. WOW. The line moves relatively quickly, and the fast and friendly service makes up for it. Oh, did I forget to mention the food is AMAZING?! I went with the turkey+goat cheese+pesto sandwich, served on a baguette. I'm a sandwich snob, and this sandwich is definitely in my top 5. And I eat a lot of sandwiches (HIMYM anyone?). Everything looks good here. The seating is family style, and the food makes for great conversation starters which helps you decide what you'll get next time! Definitely dine-in, even if you're flying solo, because you get complimentary baguette and asiago focaccia with some epic dipping sauce! I also love how when you order a drink (iced tea/lemonade/water), they give you two glasses so you don't need to ask them for refills. Smart! Delicious and affordable.
You walk in and the place is packed -- every seat filled, with a line out the door. We didn't have all day, so I wondered if we should take off and go somewhere else. I'm glad that we stayed. I went with my mom, dad, sister, brother in law, niece and nephew --7 of us all together. By the time we ordered at the counter, a table had turned over, and we were able to be seated. The staff were classic no-nonsense waitresses who call you 'hon' as they efficiently get the food to your table. The dining area is very modest in decor--people are coming for the great food and the reasonable prices. I was hungry, and wasn't sure about ordering bruschetta, but did. It was filling and I wasn't able to finish all of the food. The bruschetta I got was shrimp, goat cheese and artichokes, served amidst a zesty chopped salad. I got the sweet iced tea,  'sweet T' to southerners, which my brother in law pointed out was adventurous of me, given that I'm from the North. I highly recommend it. My nephew is a tough customer to please and he said his cheeseburger was one of the best he had in awhile. (he devoured it, the fries and about 6 pieces of the bread that they set out on the table) My niece is also a very finicky eater and she ate most of her burger, but could not finish it all. This place really seemed to be an authentic slice of JAX and was one place where I saw all kinds of people -- Black, White, Asian, Latino, old, bikers, kids -- eating together.
Add this to your bucket list! You have to go to The French Pantry! The food is always fresh and amazing. The line goes out the door at lunchtime. It is that good. They have a plethora of desserts that are homemade and delicious. Try the Strawberry cake or the German chocolate cake. All of them are amazing so you can't go wrong w/any of them. My favorite item on the menu is the Shrimp and Goat Cheese bruschetta. Also, the Po-boy Shrimp sandwich is fantastic. All of the menu items are worth trying. They also serve warm french bread with olive oil and herbs before your meal. The best I've ever had. I feel like this is the kind of food I would get if I went to a cafe in France. So fresh and so delicious.
I love this place more than a fat kid loves cake...
First thing is get there early. Like 7:00am and you should get in the first wave. Now this place is pretty small since it's in a 12,000 sq ft building. When you get inside it's not what you expect. They have a bunch of old tables and a lot of grandma's chairs. Not just my grandma but yours his and theirs too. OK the food. The salads are really good and sandwiches are better. Then before you order you pass by the dessert case. Get one you know you will want it. I have learned soon as you get to your table eat your dessert because after you get your sandwich there won't be any room for your dessert. Then order and they will tell you where to sit. It's touchy, feeling, togetherness but you like the people cause they are just like you....There. So your food arrives. First you look at it it's beautiful, you whip out your phone and take a picture of it. Sent it to your friends (if their not there) and tell them. Look what I got and you don't. Ok it is one of the most delicious sandwiches that you have ever sunk your teeth into. Now I have eaten many of the sandwiches from the roast beef, chicken salad, hot Italian, the list goes on. They are all good no matter what you order. So find the place get in line and enjoy. Then prey for one more thing    sunshine   so you don't get wet while waiting.
Best lunch in town - hands down.  You'd never see it and would probably keep driving if you saw the long line ... but there is no place like it, and no place more worth the wait!  The line always makes me think it's going to be a mess trying to find a seat, but the crowd is extremely well managed as they quickly carve out space for you and your party, and place your drinks and desserts down to reserve it.  The hardest part is not eating the cake staring at you while you wait for your sandwich or bruschetta (the chicken artichoke bruschetta is my personal fave).
Steak and fries are excellent! It should be on the menu everyday.
One word WOWZERS!!! This place is great! I have only been once but I will forever be a regular. Everything is fresh and taste great. I would recommend not sticking to your traditional Reuben or chicken salad sandwich and try something new and creative from the menu. The desserts are just as amazing. I had the white macadamia nut cheesecake, ummm!
Excellent sandwiches, bruschetta, and cakes.  Be prepared to wait in line if you get there after 11am.  I've waited in line at different eateries around the country and I must say that it is worth the wait.  The menu is written on blackboards and items can disappear while you wait in line, so be ready to have a back up choice.  They serve random types of freshly baked bread as soon as you sit down.  All that I have tried have been delicious.  Oh, the owners are really French so it's pretty authentic.  Quit reading reviews and go check them out already.
I recently went here for lunch again. And once again, the same great food. I had the eggplant brushetta this time, and couldn't finish the whole thing. Now after ordering so many times this same dish I have to admit that I can't finish it. There is more then enough salad and tomatoes and goats cheese to share between two people. Make note of that, I don't often say it. The line was out the door when I was eating there, but no one had anything bad to say, and was more then happy to wait for what they knew was going to be a amazing meal. Go here for lunch, that is all.
I love the French Pantry.  I wish it was closer to where I live since it closes early in the afternoon.  If you happen to be in the neighborhood just look for the building with the line out the door and you will have founf the French Pantry.  I've got one word for you when you go..sandwiches!!!  This place makes some of the greatest sandwiches I have ever had.  They bake all their own bread and the menu changes all the time.  It is written on a chalk board by the front door.  Go and enjoy yourself, you will not be disappointed.  Note: it is very very small.  I always get my order to go.  Bon appetit!!
Just read all the other reviews and that can sum up my feelings about this place. If you have to take a day off to come here do it. If you have to take a two hour lunch and work late one night do it. If you have to drive a few hours to get to it, do it. The only thing is you cant a lunch to visit with friend, family, etc., as said there is a line starting a few minutes before it opens until closing time, so you cant really relax, other then that, its perfect. Go several times and try several items, if the Key Lime is made that day get it.
Outstanding!   First time there but not the last!!   Best French onion soup ever.
Get here early if you want a table. I came before 11 am with a large group of friends.....so I didn't mind. I need to mention the carrot cake because it was heavenly.  I had a roast beef with au jus. it was fresh, big, and delicious.
Definitely overrated.  The hosting is confusing and the seating is limited.  The food is decent however certainly overrated.  I had their Shrimp Po Boy and while the shrimp was great, the choice of hard bread made the sandwich a disaster.  Typically, bread is used to contain the contents of the sandwich.  With every bite, the contents of my sandwich were pushed out due to the hard bread.  Not worth the wait or the hype.  If you can get there with no line and plenty of seating, you'll be fine.  Otherwise, avoid...you won't miss anything.
Well.. a followup to Grace D's review.. which was truly exceptional : ).  I finally got to experience this place on my boyfriend's birthday.  I've always heard great things about this quaint joint, but have never had a chance to swing in.  So.. I took the man to birthday lunch, and I must say, this is on the top of my list!  I had the French Dip.  Freaking AWESOME.  It was EFFING DELECTABLE!  The things I hate about this place?  That it's too far from my work to hit up for lunch, not open at night, and not open on the weekend.  If you haven't tried this place.. you are a loser!
The place for a french dip and cheesecake.  Bring your appetite.
Homemade cheese cake is best ever.
Just found out about this place a few months ago. Wow. Great french dip. They give you a huge sampling of bread at your table while you wait. The only bad part is the limited hours and seating. Get there early or there's going to be a line!
This place is the best place to have lunch in town.  Vast menu with everything made fresh daily.  Their breads and pastries are all cooked in house and are to die for.  My favorite is the goat cheese and shrimp bruschetta....so good.  I also like the Turkey Pesto and Muffaletta sandwiches.  Extremely long line, you need to get there right at opening or wait until after lunchtime for less wait.
One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I think they have every sandwich topping known to man and a few that were unknown.
This would be my last meal on earth, if I knew the apocalypse was coming.  It's not a "quick bite" or for the faint of heart, though.  Expect to have to wait at least 30 minutes to an hour for lunch unless you happen to get lucky.  But everything here is DELICIOUS and TO DIE FOR!  I've tried several items, but my absolute favorite is the chicken panini.  Usually, my daughter and I will order the panini and Caesar salad and will split it.  It would be nice if they had a 1/2 salad and 1/2 sandwich option.  The desserts are also out of this world.  My favorite is the "wedding cake" with the strawberries.  We've ordered a whole cake on special occasions (you have to call about a week in advance) and it's a very good deal for the number of servings it is.  Don't walk, RUN to the French Pantry.  You will love the food.  Just know that you will be sharing a table with strangers after your long wait in line.  Hint:  You can actually call ahead and order to go and not have to wait (as long).  Pick up some of the garlic rolls with cheese while your there, too.
Amazing food, long wait. I recommend the bruschetta. As good as any lunch spot I've been to before. The breads and deserts are very fresh and their salads are large and in charge.
Best bread on the planet, and I've been to France many times! The brochette salad with warm goats cheese is awesome, as is the panini sandwich. Arrive early as there can be a long line, but it's worth it! They even serve wine by the glass.
If you are a foodie and you live in this town them you know about The French Pantry. If you don't know about it then you are missing out on one of the best lunch spots in Jacksonville. The Pantry bakes all of their breads and the baguettes that the make are excellent,  The texture and taste remind me of the le boulangerie's I would visit when I lived in Europe.  A hard crust with a tangy and soft dough on the inside. The Pantry's sandwiches made on this bread are the best sandwiches and the most tasty!  Try the turkey, goat cheese and pesto sandwich.  Another favorite is the shrimp po boy.  For a change of pace, try their salads.  Equally as good and always interesting flavors that melt together.   If you like deserts, don't hesitate to try their "Wedding Cake".  It's a crowd pleaser but truthfully I usually go for their cheesecakes! Enjoy and bon appetit! p.s.  There are very few tables inside and there might be a line to get in but if you can wait it out, it is well worth it!
The food is great!  But definitely get there before they open to avoid the wait.  The building looks big,  but there are less than 20 tables inside.  You may have to share your table with other customers.
Get there early and you will thoroughly enjoy anything you order...place is great
Without a doubt, the best food I've had in Jacksonville. I found this place almost by accident while searching for a bakery using Google maps. I thought I had the wrong place based on the outside appearance (as most others have mentioned). I've brought friends back, and everyone has agreed on the quality of the food. Make sure you have a lot of time for lunch, as this isn't a quick stop to dine in. Take a 2 hour lunch if you can and enjoy the experience, or order to go. The French Dip is fantastic, and you need a fork and knife to eat it. I've had several of the bruschetta varieties, and all have been amazing. Do not skip desert... the wedding cake is a great choice.
"This was an amazing little restaurant, well worth the effort to find it. The salads were fresh and beautiful, chicken was roasted--not baked--and the artichoke and shrimp bruchetta, filled with goat cheese and crusty bread, was perfect."
This unique place is the best lunch in Jax.  Don't come for atmosphere, but for nosh.  Big helpings and great desserts, so bring  appetite, and take some home even.
Nestled in a business park in a not-so-nice neighborhood is the gem that is the French Pantry! I have been wanting to come here for years but havent had the chance until now since it is only open on weekdays. WOw, have I been missing out! Unlike others, our wait was short (maybe 8-10 minutes) & the service was speedy (about 15 min for entrees). I'm not a huge fan of having to sit with strangers but it is a small sacrifice for what you are getting. The crusty, hot bread & slightly spicy/tangy dipping oil was simply sinful. I ordered the raspberry chicken salad, complete with large chunks of blue cheese, whole pecans, dried cherries & home-made dressing. Yums. The husband had roast beef with boursin. It was warm, rich, slightly-gooey & delicious. Next time I believe I will try the brushetta. There are about 10 different topping choices and it looks very fresh & hearty. 5 stars! 5 stars! This place is great!
what can i say, that hasn't been said? this place is the best of the best! the food and deserts are the best in jacksonville. fresh,tasteful and plentiful. do yourself a favor and go!
I am always a teensy bit skeptical when a restaurant receives a lot of hype. However The French Pantry deserves every bit of accolade given!! Like Grace D., I had to wait to experience The French Pantry on a day off from work (due to my birthday --woot!). We arrived right at 11am and there was already a line 15 people deep. Luckily it moved pretty quickly.  But not so quickly that we were rushed in deciding what to order! After reviewing the blackboards, I decided on the Proscuitto, Artichoke and Buffalo Mozzarella Bruchetta and my husband selected the French Dip. I could not resist ordering the Carrot Cake for dessert, but I'm glad I had the foresight to ask for it "to go". Once seated, a plate of piping hot bread and dipping oil was delivered to our table. Good gravy--it was delicious! Our entrees were terrific and exceeded my expectations! I am planning my next day off already so I can have lunch here again!
Couldn't decide so I got the bruchetta with artichoke and shrimp and the Turkey and Pesto sandwich.  Both were fantastic.  I wasn't expecting the extra bread as an appetizer, so there was plenty of food for sure.  I was a single and the waitress matched me up with two other parties at a large table.  We ended up chatting about lots of restaurants in the area and made for a very interesting lunch.  Will definitely go back next time I'm in Jacksonville.
This place is hidden in the middle of warehouses in the industrial business district of Powers Ave. You have to have the address otherwise you will miss the French Pantry. The building literally looks like a factory and there is no sign outside. I would not be writing a review for this restaurant if I still lived in Jacksonville because the line was too long as it was and I wouldn't want it to be longer by attracting more customers (because once you go you will be back again and again). On an average day the line is out the door. I believe they are only open M-F  11-1:30. There menu is written on a chalk board and they have salads, sandwiches, and such. It all sounds simple but they have the most amazing salads and bread I have ever tasted! Not to mention the desserts...amazing! They bring you warm bread and olive oil before your food arrives. The restaurant only has a few tables and if you are only a small party then you will probably be seated at a table with another small party. I was a bit intimidated by this at first but all their customers seem to be amazing people to talk to...and it actually turns out to be a lot of fun. This was my favorite restaurant in all of Jacksonville, and I miss it dearly. I just warn you to have at least an hour to an hour and a half for lunch...it is not speedy but well worth the wait!
Only open for a limited time, but man are those some few precious hours where the doors are open for some culinary heaven. Haven't had anything here I didn't like and I can't wait to go back.
Simply AMAZING!!! Anything we tried was great! Wish I lived closer!
awesome!!!!! but please don't eat here i am tired of waiting in line!!!!!!!!!!!! this place is really as good as it gets!
Quite Possibly the best food in Jacksonville - The first time I went to the French Pantry I went early at around 11 am and already there were people waiting out the door to get in, My first thought was - well this must be the place to get good food! and I was right! I ordered 1 of there many bruschetta creations and it was the orgasmic! loaded with goat cheese , tomatoes , and yummy shrimp on top of a toasted crustini  -  The main course was a ruben sandwich and I was in heaven! - The bread was perfectly toasted soft and crispy and the meat literally melts in your mouth, you can tell how fresh the food is here and I always look forward to trying something new - now lets talk about portion sizes - I highly recommend sharing a sandwich with someone if you can  manage to want to share the amazing eats here -   You will wait in line - but good food is worth the wait and the french pantry is worth the wait - I almost forgot to mention the amazing bakery items they have a s well -
Okay, I'm not sure if it's a good thing that I'm posting a great review of this place because that'll mean that more people will find out about it which leads to waiting even longer in line... but here goes... Yes, yes, yes... I loooove the food here!  I'm not exactly a picky eater but I do know when the food is outstanding and the food here definitely is.  It's a little confusing if it's your first time there but just turn around and ask the people behind you what they suggest and I'm sure they'll tell you ... as will the people behind them and the people behind them... and the people in front of you.  This would be a place that The Friends cast would've eaten at ... if they didn't feel like they had to rush out so that the people waiting in line could eventually sit down.  Stop pondering whether you should eat here or not, just do it... I promise you won't regret it!  And while you're there, go ahead & chat with the strangers at your table... yes, no joke... you sit wherever there is a spot for you so make nice with your new friends.  It makes for an interesting atmosphere and meal.
The food here is beyond exceptional.  The only drawback is the line!  Plan to wait a long time for this sumptious experience.  But definately make it one of your stops if you visiting.
Great place for lunch
Excellent food.  The wait is worth it.  The communal seating isn't for everyone and does not work well with larger groups unless you want to wait.
First visit there. Go there close to 1 pm. Order any sandwich... had turkey/pesto/goat cheese. Don't mind a stranger. Nom nom on some warm yummy bread while waiting for sandwich. Make sure you ordered a dessert, if not get back in line and do so. Hands a mess from sandwich. Don't care. Have plenty of napkins. Move on to dessert. Prompt and courteous service. Thank you for the refill. Depart full, ready to take nap. Shame i don't live in town. Will return soon. K.Thx.Bye.
Oh my God, this place is just the best!  I just wish they were open weekends.  I have to take a day off of work to go there.
Food is fresh, tasteful, and the desert are awesome!  This is by far the best hidden secret in JAX.
One of my favorite restaurants! I love the bruschetta, fresh bread and olive oil, salads, and desserts. If it wasn't for the long line outside, it would be so easy to miss it. Definitely the best place around though!
best pastries, BEST INGREDIENTS, delicious food, owned by good people, wish i could take this place with me to NYC because it's better than everything here!!
I would have thought that a chicken sandwich would never be the best I have ever eaten but the chicken pannini is that good.  I may have to move to Jacksonville just to go here more often
Everything is so fresh and very good. Never had anything I did not like. The strawberry wedding cake is the bomb... Yummy
We stopped here for lunch last week on our way home from Orlando. I read all these amazing reviews on yelp and decided to try it, even though we had our kids with us. We got there about 11:45 and waited in line about half an hour. I was a little worried because the yelp review said it was not good for kids. But the cashier and the wait staff were so accommodating towards us and our kids. In fact, they went out of their way to put 2 tables together so we could all sit together, even though we had told her that we didn't mind if we had to split into 2 groups. Since we were traveling, we didn't want to have a lot of left-overs, so we ordered 5 sandwiches for all of us to share. (The cashier was so nice and helpful--she told us she thought we had ordered enough food for all of us, but if we needed more, we could order it at the table and they'd get it out to us quickly.) We got the chicken panini, turkey guac sandwich, turkey sandwich, french dip, and a hamburger. The sandwiches were all so delicious! I did not taste the hamburger, but my mom said it was very good. The desserts that we got were the creme brûlée, tiramisu (which I was a little afraid to order because sometimes they have a lot of liqueur in them, but this one I could not taste any alcohol flavor), chocolate cake with strawberries on top, and some other dessert that was a little heavy with blueberries in it. The creme brûlée was in this pastry shell that took it to a whole new level. It was SO delicious when you got a bite with part of the pastry shell. The tiramisu did not look like traditional tiramisu. It was amazing also though. My husband can't stop talking about the bread that they served at the table while we were waiting for our food. It was perfectly baked--crisp on the outside soft on the inside. This is a unique dining experience with such amazingly good food. I can't recommend it highly enough. It's sad that it's so far away from where we live! Needless to say, we will be stopping here from now on when we head down to Orlando.
I had lunch here yesterday for the first time and man was it good, it certainly won't be my last time here. After reading through the reviews I decided the French Dip was the way to go for my first trip and it lived up to the hype, probably the best French Dip I've ever had. I went with two of my co-workers and one had the special which was crab cakes and the other got the hot roast beef with cheddar. They both were very pleased but I took a small bite of the crab cake and wished I had ordered that instead, they were outstanding so if they're on the menu when you go just get them trust me. The seating is a bit odd but not any different than a Japanese steakhouse really, you sit with folks you don't know so no big deal. I ordered two different slices of cake to go for dessert, one was the wedding cake and the other was chocolate strawberry. The wedding cake was fantastic, I'll just get that one next time. The chocolate cake was good but not nearly as good as the wedding cake. I recommend getting there at either 11:15 or 1:00, we tried 11:45 the previous day and the line was well out of the door so we decided to try again another day. Went the next day at 1:00 and we walked right in and ordered no problem. I was a fool to have waited so long to try this place, do yourself a favor and don't be like me, just go.
I don't think I can say enough good things about the French Pantry or really, anything different or new than majority of the reviews here.  When I first moved to Jacksonville in 2008, wife introduced me to French Pantry as a 'special treat' kind of lunch place.  Ever since then, it's been on top of my list when I have a break from work that allows me to take a longer lunch.  My favorite sandwich is the rare beef, but really, I've tried so many and have not been disappointed.  From the hot Italian to numerous bruschetta, you just can't go wrong.   Not to mention, their excellent desserts from wedding cake, chocolate cake, to their cookies.  We always end up ordering a couple of desserts, one to eat their, one to take home.  Then, there are the various types of bread and even their tubs of chicken salad is out of this world.  It might be a good thing I have to have a long lunch to be able to go to French Pantry.  Otherwise, I'd probably be there just about everyday.
Eating here feels like you're in a quaint french cafe right as an American tour bus pulls up for lunch. Everything here is laced with love and decadence. The greens in their salads taste like they were serenaded with love songs as they grew, and the marinated tomatoes used on their many Bruschetta options were lovingly caressed as they ripened. The tea is sweetened with honey, and there is nothing better than bread that you can smell baking as you walk into this gem hidden in a warehouse. It's one of those rare places where you know that whatever you eat here- whether it's one of their unique specials of the day, or one of their salad/sandwich/bruschetta staples - will be delicious and full of quality ingredients and thoughtful preparation. One bite into any of their desserts will leave you feeling like a child eating a 6 scoop ice cream cone in the middle of Disney World. You just want to melt into the sweetness of the scenery and what you're consuming, never letting the dream end.
Everything was delicious. From the bread for dipping with tasty olive oil to the fabulous Chicken Panini I had, while my mom dined on the veg Portabella, spinach, goat cheese bruschetta. How good can a simple Chicken Panini be? When I say this was the most delicious Chicken Panini I've ever had, please believe me. I was close to ordering something different but then I saw the panini come out and wow. The chicken was incredibly moist, the bread was soft and crunchy, there were fresh greens and tomato on it and lovely think slices of prosciutto. THE CAKE. Omg. The. Cake. We got the wedding cake (the one with strawberries) and it was moist, light, with a dense homemade frosting and fresh strawberries layered.We also got the puff pastry filled with almond and pear...to die for. You MUST get dessert. The line gets long really quick. Unless you have time to spare get there when they open, or you will wait for at least an hour. Make sure you order dessert at the same time as your food or you will have to wait in that line again.
Words don't even begin to explain how unbelievable these cookies are. Its a cookie, an experience, a MUST try while in FL  really makes any day Amazing. I Love Levin Cookies, and I know you will too!
OMG!!! Two chefs from the west coast have opened up one of the cruelest restaurants in Jax.  You're forced to stand in line while smelling a heavenly odor coming from the kitchen.  The staff are very Happy to help you pick from a menu so diverse that you'll make up you mind ate the register. The searing is European. Which means you share tables.  Everyone whose been there before is sure to help you choose a meal.  Best place I've been in Jacksonville
First time here and my first experience of a place so good, there's a line out the door (in the rain).  First come/first serve/communal seating inside and the most difficult decision is the menu. I ordered the French Dip because often the simplest of dishes reflect the attention to detail of ingredients and flavor. Free, warm crusty bread was brought to the table with dipping oil and an olive tapenade.....delish! The sandwich was hands down the best French Dip I have enjoyed for as long as I can remember and I will be back soon to see those warm and friendly faces behind the counter, sharing their love for culinary expertise.  My strongest recommendation.
Can't really add anything other than agree with what the majority of others have said. This place is wonderful. Great food, great company. Wonderful bread, wonderful bruschetta, the wedding cake is out of this world. Definitely worth the hour long wait.
Stopped by for lunch had the Shrimp Po Boy, simply fantastic!!!!  Loads of shrimp and exploding flavors.  Showed up at 11 AM waited fro about 1/2 hour to enter the building but well worth the wait as always!!
Get there early!  We got there 10 minutes before they open on a Thursday and still were about twentieth in line.  The Brushetta is like a little bit of heaven in your mouth.  I highly recommend it. Delicious!
I always get amazing service when I visit. The food is amazing as well. This is where I enjoyed my birthday lunch. It is well worth the wait.
Excellent food.  A little bit crowded space for the restaurant and bakery.   Environment is like a small southern town.  Loved the french dip and the bread.  The bruschetta is eccellent.   Olive oil is of nice quality.  A little better higyne on the tables between customers would be nice my table was sticky.  I ordered water and it had an after taste.  The soda ordered by my daughter also had a little after taste.  But overall my experience was very pleasent.  Lunch there anytime.  Prices are moderate an average lunch is 13.00 and up
Love. Love. Love!!!! My only complaint is that I wish they were open for dinner and/or on the weekends so I wouldn't have to take a day off from work to come here! Luckily when I first moved to Jacksonville I worked part time so I was able to experience the deliciousness that is The French Pantry. SEATING: Like all others have mentioned, please arrive early as this places fills up quick. Their are not a lot of tables available but they utilize their space by having the guests sit at unoccupied seats. Meaning you may end up sitting next to a stranger, (which I would never normally do) but it is actually kind of cool because you get to know a total stranger while you wait for your food. FOOD: Amazing. Perfection. Everything on the menu is worth ordering. My favorite is the bruschetta. I can't forget to mention that they always bring fresh baked bread to the table with this to die for olive oil with seasonings. Can you say heaven? DESSERTS: Beyond perfection. I hold other dessert to a higher standard because of these delicious creations. They even have a pitcher of this strawberry daiquiri sauce that they pour over some of their desserts.. Mmmm. STAFF: Not very talkative but not unfriendly. I think they are just very busy. Overall, this place takes the cake (literally) for being one of my top restaurants of choices ever!
I needed to cheer up the employees so I used that an excuse to finally pickup lunch from this highly rated establishment. The order was called in and SO glad we did that because the line was no joke (even though it was 96 degrees outside!). Once you get inside past the throngs of hungry individuals, it's cute and eclectic and the staff are very serious. After being asked what I was doing, I was moved to the designated tile where food pick-up people stand, and the staff efficiently put together a box with bags and containers of goodness. Cups were filled with lemonade, desserts were picked for me at my request, and I was ushered out the back door to my vehicle. The food was AMAZINGLY AWESOME. Bruschetta was ordered 3 different ways: chicken, shrimp/artichoke/goat cheese and mozzarella. SO TASTY! Don't believe me? Just read the other reviews. This place makes sinfully good food, bread, salads, etc. It's all good. I believe the food is like that for all customers, not just ones that are deemed best dressed that day (ahem, that's right--I felt so honored!). The desserts selected for me were some sort of flaky phyllo thing (napoleon?) and Italian wedding cake. I thought the wedding cake smelled better than it tasted, but i could have been full from my lunch. Both came with fresh strawberry puree/sauce. Whatever, this place still get 5* and I look forward to trying more of their delicious offerings.
It truly is sinful how good this place is. You can wear a blindfold and pick something off the menu and you will like your selection. The desserts are incredible as well. It sucks they are only open M-F and for a short window. This is one of those places you should visit before you die, dead serious.
This is my favorite place on earth. I have dreams about the bruschetta. I didn't even really like tomatoes before I came here. I read a review of someone saying this place must get their tomatoes off the black market because they are to die for, but I thought that sounded ridiculous. IT IS SO TRUE. The bruschetta is so amazing. I didn't know beforehand, but the bruschetta is a meal in itself. I also had a pesto sandwich that could not have been better. We were visiting so we bough $50 worth of treats to take with us. Cookies that looked like sandies - ten times better than sandies and I ate all of them. The cake with the strawberry sauce - UGH! I could drink it with a straw! We had a berry tart that was delicious but didn't compare to the strawberries. Key lime pie - amazing. My partner had the french dip, and it was certainly the best french dip i've ever had. We even bought the bottled honey - which was, you guessed it, amazing. Only downfall is the wait time. However, if this is what has you on the fence - I would wait a week in line if it meant I got to eat this food again. Don't pass up food from heaven.
This place is so good! We always go on special occasions and ditch the diet! This review is geared toward the FIRST TIME FRENCHIE! First tip is to get there around 10:30am to avoid a long line! Another bit tip is to study the menu and yelp photos before you go so you are prepared. There is a chalkboard menu and there will be specials listed but you are standing in line to order not to sit down and read a menu. As soon as you get in the door you are about 5 deep to order. The desserts are in a glass case and you can view them while you wait. Also, don't be afraid to chat with people in line...time to get social! You might change your mind based on your conversations. I would suggest sharing! This is not a place you want to dine solo! Today we chose to split a chicken panini and bruschetta. They have several types of bruschetta...we went with the tomato, mozzarella, artichoke and proscuitto variation! Seriously it was divine! The panini is blow your mind good!!!!! I have no idea what is in it but it's fantastic! The chicken is roasted! Yes Roasted! Then we both got a sweet treat...the sweet brown tart and the banana fosters cheesecake. They were not my faves but then again I was stuffed! Especially after I shoved all that bread in my face! They bring this incredible crusty bread to the table with olive oil dipping sauce! Omg! I'm pretty sure I ate it all!!!!!! We had a great time today celebrating my Birthday as a foodie should! We met some awesome people that are now my IG friends! I seriously love this place and vow to try the wedding cake next time!!!!
French Pantry is amazing but unfortunately they are only open from 11am-2pm Monday through Friday and if you're going to go you'd better get there early to avoid waiting in a never-ending line.  I just so happened to have a Monday off so I thought it would be a perfect day to give it a go! The line is crazy but well worth the wait! For starters we were given  fresh, hot, crusty, chewy french bread and olive oil infused with balsamic vinegar and tasty herbs!  YUM! Let me just tell you they have, hands down, the BEST Bruschetta I have ever eaten in my life!!!  It was made with their yummy crusty bread, goat cheese, succulent shrimp, and artichokes on top of a bed of fresh greens and tomatoes! The French Dip Sandwich was made with tender slices of well-seasoned beef and gooey mozarella cheese!  The Au Jus was perfectly savory....made you wanna dip the entire sandwich to the bottom! The Chicken Panini looked amazing!  It has chicken, mozzarella, tomatoes, greens, and proscuitto! And last but not least the assortment of desserts range from cookies, to eclairs, to carrot cake, and much more.  We shared on slice of the "Wedding Cake" which was a decadent white cake with cream cheese frosting infused with fresh strawberries on a strawberry puree!  It was very good!!! The French Pantry gets 2 thumbs up from me!!!  Everything I tasted was phenomenal and the prices were more than reasonable!!!
This place is truly a hidden gem. It's located off of University Blvd in an unsuspecting area. The place opens at 11am but you should arrive at 10:30. The line gets long quick. The place itself is not very large but it is well worth the wait. They always have fabulous specials and their regular menu is full or delicious sandwiches, salads, and bruchetta entrees. They also have yummy cakes and cookies. The price is about $10 for an average dish but the portions are worth it. You'll leave completely satiated. My coworker and I visit this spot once a month, give yourself a longer 90 minute lunch to be safe. I recommends this place ALL the time.
Best bruschetta ever. Get the truffle oil one. Parisienne French Dip is also very good. sandwich with brie, mustard, lettuce + tomato
This place deserves all the hype! After hearing about this place for over a year, we finally were able to make it out for their weekday lunch offerings. The bruschetta is the best I've had, like many of the other reviews here have already said; husband loved the french dip and the croissant (heated up in the oven at home) was crispy and flaky delicious. My toddler enjoyed the quiche and the chicken panini was mouth melting-ly good. It's just too bad they aren't open on the weekends!
This place never disappoints! I've yet to order anything from here that was less than gratifying!  Band Bang Shrimp salad is at the top of my list... RoastBeef with Boursin cheese is pretty awesome too!  each order comes with a complimentary serving of fresh off the oven bread. The place opens at 11 but line starts forming as early as a half an hour before then. I think they are only open until 2pm and only on week days? Desserts --- the Napoleon cheesecake is heaven on earth!
Nothing new to write- just want to confirm that this place is so good.  And patient- I showed up 20 minutes before closing & they didn't bat an eye.
Places that just have a crap load of reviews on them just deserve more and more.  This place is a gem among gems. This place can get you greasy and new friends at the same time. From artichokes, salads, bang bang shrimp, free bread and nice staff.  The food is beyond awesome and delights every time. The environment and setting ..... who cares.  Really and seriously who the F cares... The food is good and the plates and dishes are clean thats all that matters.   GO Early or Late lunch right before they close to beat the crowds and lines!
The food was great. But my main problem is if you want to eat there it is very small and very loud. I couldn't hear my cousin talk to me and she was right next to me. The company has potential but needs a bigger seating area.
I went here for lunch with my coworkers.  I didn't anticipate a long line at all.  We got there before 11 and ppl were standing outside in the cold. At this point - my expectation on their food increased  astronomically.   I ordered their chicken panini and a bowl of French onion soup.  The chicken panini was amazing - the chicken laid perfectly inside these buttered toasted bread. The onion soup was delicious and the variety of bread  on the table were baked fresh. I can't wait to go back!
One if the most amazing places on earth! The grilled cheese with duck confit and aioli is killer. The turkey pesto goat cheese sandwich is our fav! You must get a baguette
It's a surprise that not everyone knows about this place when you live in Jacksonville - because this place is the BOMB.com I've never had a particle of food there that I didn't enjoy - all of their food is so fresh and bursting with flavor it's impossible not to like anything. It's a very important thing to get there early seeing as it gets so packed or if early isn't your thing then getting there before they close also guarantees you avoid the lunch crowd of Jacksonville. The place is very small and only open to lunch weekdays. Seating is usually communal in order to fit everyone that comes in - it's like a game of tetris to seat everyone. You're offered freshly baked bread with a delicious side of oil and vinegar and then your food comes out for you to enjoy. The staff is small and constantly running around - but they are very helpful and attentive. I highly recommend the Kobe burger seeing how it's the best burger I've ever had in my life (it's cooked rare but that's the best way to eat it to not ruin the quality of the beef) and almost all their desserts are phenomenal, especially their wedding cake and cannolis. This place is a MUST GO.
Our friends recommended The French Bakery during our visit to Jacksonville. We came at 1:15 and fortunately only waited about ten minutes in line. To start off they bring you bread and an olive oil dip. Both are to die for. The bread is soft and crusty and the seasonings in the oil dip are the perfect blend. I need to figure out what is in it so I can recreate this when we go back home to MN. I ordered the Turkey, Goat Cheese, and Pesto Sandwich. The sandwich was large and after the bread and dip I was full after only eating half. The sandwich was piping hot and very messy too eat but had an amazing blend of flavors. The lettuce and tomatoes were fresh and of course the bread was amazing. My husband ordered the Parisian French Dip and he liked it. A bit too much Dijon for him but he's not a big Dijon fan. But that didn't stop him from eating the whole thing. Now I'm looking forward to eating the wedding cake we took to go! Overall we would come here again. I think it lived up to its hype and would highly recommend it.
Sooooo..... the time finally came to visit the French Pantry: It was a Friday, we were on that side of town so we ventured over. Yep, a little hard to find, but look to your left and look for the line of people. That's it. We were prepared for a wait, and did just that. It gave us time to look at the menu board, but I had decided from looking at the pics on Yelp just what I was going to have. About an hour and 15 minutes later, our order was taken (rare roast beef sandwich with boursin, artichoke, mozzarella and prosciutto bruschetta and Mr. Yelp ordered a Panini.) The lady even asked us, "Have you been here before? That's a lot of food!" We laughed and just said, "Yep, we are aware and ready." So with the order placed, we were whisked to our communal table. By that point, it had cleared out a bit, but no seating choice here. The tables are old and clunky, which I guess adds to the charm, but it's also hard to scoot those heavy chairs to get out of the way of someone and almost impossible for even a short gal like me to cross your legs under the table. I'm not a big fan of the communal experience... and just when we were so hungry we were starting to get a little bit cranky, out came the bread and dipping sauce. Bread and dipping sauce.... (You've read the other reviews by now, for sure) but really, how special can it be? Well, I'll tell you: IT'S THE BEST BREAD AND DIPPING SAUCE YOU'VE EVER HAD. It really is THAT GOOD. You try to hold off and save some room for the deliciousness you know is on the way...but it's sooooo hard! By that point, my dislike of the communal seating had disappeared, or rather just ignored as we savored every bite. Food up next.... and I will agree: the prosciutto, artichoke and mozz bruschetta might just be the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. It was soooo perfect it almost tasted wrong... with perfectly sized bites, with the prosciutto slight crisp on top, from the fresh mozz and tangy artichoke... amazingly perfect. The roast beef sandwich was also amazing as well..... but I wouldn't recommend taking it home. :( Anywhoo..... this meal was so FREAKING GOOD, after we waddled back to the car, we both just sat there and lit up a cigarette, like we just had the best romp in the world. I know I'll be back, there is no question about that... and I'm glad we experienced dining in, but will call ahead for pick up for our next visit. :)
The French Pantry is so good that I will tolerate all sorts of nonsense just to have the pleasure of eating there. Just FYI for anyone who wants to eat there: They rarely allow call ahead orders, although I have been able to get through a few times randomly. The tiny seating area is communal on a first come first served basis, no exceptions and no reservations. Who you end up sitting with is who you end up with, too bad if you don't want to share your table. The line to order food there is always at least 30 minutes and frequently goes out the door and well into the parking lot. You will probably be exposed to the elements while you work your way through the line, so be prepared. You cannot skip this line, even if you intend to eat at the communal tables. There is not a separate "to-go" line either. You cannot see the ONE menu they have until you get right into the door. They do not have printed menus and you can't really see the menu from the cash register. The dessert selection doesn't have a set menu, so you will have to wait until they are in front of you to decide what you want. This makes it more likely that you will buy more than one. It is very easy to miss out on the bread selection because it is actually "after" the cashier, so be on the lookout. No bread menu either, so you will have to look through the selection. There is one cashier who will hand write your order. She runs the place. She is a delightful woman. You should stay in her good graces. The waiting area for to-go orders is a single chair that is crammed between the bathroom door and the kitchen door. So, in light of this nonsense, I have a specific strategy that I use whenever I want to eat there: 1. Get there as close to 11am as possible. This minimizes the amount of time spent waiting in line. 2. Quickly decide what I want to eat (preferably before I get there). 3. Scope out desserts and order at least one. Probably 2. 4. Scope out the bread display. Buy at least one bread item. (Also, probably 2.) 5. Make the order to go. 6. Be prepared to wait for 20 minutes for food. Bring some reading materials. 7. Run back to office or home ASAP 8. Devour food. 9. FOOD NAP!!!!! I love their eggplant and bell pepper bruschetta as well as their mushroom bruschetta. I easily get 2 meals out of one order of either of these items, especially because they come with a large salad of mixed greens included. The vinaigrette they use is simply delightful. The bread is so good that I feel compelled to eat it on a regular basis. I jones without it, and I negatively judge local restaurants that do not source their bread from French Pantry. The French Pantry is a Jacksonville treasure and they know it. As long as you give yourself a sufficient amount of time, you will be very happy after you eat there.
I love this little place. Me and honey went there for lunch and I had a gigantic turkey, swiss, and avocado sandwich. He had another sandwich which I'm totally blanking on what it was, but he enjoyed it. We finished with the wedding cake and left with a stuffed belly. The fresh bread and olive was also great. I can't wait to go back. Ugh I wish they were open longer or on saturday!
This place is amazing! I had the fried green tomato and shrimp salad. The shrimp and green tomatoes were perfectly cooked and juicy! The bread is like nothing else and is served with a delicious olive oil dipping sauce. The crust is crunchy, but not too crunchy, the center of the bread is like a pillow of heaven!
The french dip sandwich was one of the best I've ever had.   And they had dogfish head when I went.   Only open short hours but so worth it.
Awesome place. Even tho the wait can be up to an hour, but it's all worth it when your food come out. Give it a try, come early.
Yes. Yes. A million times. Yes. I have had The French Pantry bookmarked on Yelp for over a year. I haven't found time to drive out to Powers until my friend & baker, Marisa suggested lunch at The French Pantry. I immediately jumped on the offer knowing it would be a great experience. After reading reviews, I knew a few things. Order dessert. Expect a wait. The bread is amazing. (Yelp, you never fail me.) We arrived around 11:30 and the line was wrapped around the door. I always consider that a good sign. (I suppose I'm an optimist!) I didn't mind waiting because Marisa and I needed some time to chat and catch up. This wait might be a little frustrating with my son, but it's going to happen. Thirty minutes to an hour later, we were seated. We were starving. Ordering was a little overwhelming if you aren't too sure what you want. I went for the half bruschetta with the French onion soup. I decided on the shrimp, artichoke, and goat cheese bruschetta. I also ordered a rare roast beef to go (with the sauces on the side) and a brown butter tart. We were sat at a communal table, which I thought was a neat idea. I'm always happy to meet new people. Though, the ladies who were seated with us kept to themselves. We were given the bread and dipping sauce. Best. Bread. Ever. How can bread be so good?!!? The soup was quite possibly the best soup I've ever put in my mouth and I don't normally enjoy French onion soup, but this soup was on a whole different level of amazing. So much cheesy goodness and so beautifully savory. (Was that even English?) I won't lie, the bruschetta wasn't my favorite. It could have been because the soup set the bar so high. It was probably two hours before I got home and fed my husband his to-go rare roast beef. He immediately was in love with The French Pantry, declaring it his new favorite restaurant in town. And then we got to the brown butter tart. Oh, you sweet little concoction of heavenly goodness. This tart is made with ripe berries and they give you this strawberry juice. I could bathe in it. It was so good. I think I blinked twice and realized I had eaten my entire tart.. I spent a total of around $30, which seemed pretty cheap for how amazing everything was. I will be back. I don't care how long the wait is. I actually think I might go tomorrow. Writing this review made me really want some amazing lunch.
The French Pantry is a small dining room connected to a large commercial bakery, but believe me they know food. They are particularly known for their delicious salads and bruschettas, but they also make great sandwiches and you can buy a variety of fresh breads made that day. But what they truly rock is their selection of deserts. The brown butter tart is one of the best things I've ever eaten. But if you go, go early. They are only open for lunch and by 11:45 there is a line out the door. But believe me, it's worth the wait. You can also get food to go which is sometimes the easiest way to go. Definitely a local gem.
After reading all the wonderful reviews me and my husband decided to visit French pantry.  We got their around 1 pm and surprisingly the line went on till the parking lot !!! After waiting in the line for nearly an hour we placed the order.  Since we were too tired by then we decided to do a take away.  Sadly it took another 30 minutes for them to give us our food. While waiting on a small bench near the rest room for our food I had a peek into the kitchen. I was not very happy with what I saw. The food is out of the world. The best bruchetta I've had. It really had a French feel to it. The reason why I gave a 4 inspire of the long wait and not so neat looking kitchen. I only wish they would keep the place open for more hours and move it to a nicer place !
My favorite part about my new job is the fact that it is around the corner from the French Pantry.  OM NOM NOM There is nothing I can say that hasn't been said already.  You need to go.
An Absolute Must!!! Only open until 2 and get there by 1 at the latest to wait in line and get in before they close... SO Worth the wait!!!!
I think it's one of the best places in Jacksonville. The are two downsides: the hours are very limited and the lines that form to get in. All that said it's still definitely worth a visit.
Short: The highest grade food available in Jacksonville that comes at the price of long waits and short opening hours French Pantry is hidden inside an industrial park in a semi-dumpy area of town known only for fast food and a giant Publix. They make the bread for every top end restaurant in Jacksonville. Therefore there sandwiches are top notch as bread is everything. Menu changes frequently. Salads are very good. Desserts/pastries top of the line as well, also probably exported to surrounding higher end restaurants. They are only open for lunch 11-2pm. Parking is at a premium. Don't park in front of the loading doors or you'll be towed. Good For: Impress your foodie friends with this local gem that is tailor made for Yelpers Bad For: I'm so hungry right now I could eat a horse but &#@* there's a line out the door
I don't think I need to reiterate how much this place is the best...but i will! This joint has been around since FOREVER. We've taken our So. Cali friends here and they were amazed at how yummy and cheap priced the food is. Everything I've eaten here has been superb and never fails. Best wedding cake and all desserts! Here and there they will have french macarons. Line wraps around and heads outside during peak hours. Best days to come are middle of the week (avoid Fridays), best times are before 11:45 am and after 1:00pm. The doors are opened a few mins before 11am but they don't take orders till open hours. I work at Southpoint area so if I'm meeting someone, I usually get the friend to order for me so when I get in, food is ready, like what I did today. They serve bread for every dine in order, and that bread gets me addicted!! My fav. salad is the bang bang shrimp salad. All the bruschettas are superb, best bruschettas ever, can't go wrong with any of them. My husband says their french dip sandwich with au jus is the best. Ask also for truffle fries, they have it often. They've added a small space/room with tables for added seating space. Helpful but the lines still forms lol...it's that good! I take all out of towner friends here as much as possible. Note to folks who can't park - please be mindful of how to correctly park so that fellow French Pantry lovers can easily obtain parking space and get in & out of the parking lot. I think this is the one place where people get too crazy about the food and rushing to beat the lines that people tend to park like a bunch of teenagers learning to park a car lol!!
Bread is phenomenal!! Not the biggest fan of communal seating but it works here. I had the Irish grilled cheese special, buttery and delicious, which came with French fries which were surprisingly good as we'll. Napoleon dessert is fluffy and not too rich so we managed to finish it despite the fact we were both completely stuffed. Highly recommended !
Without a doubt the best sandwich I've ever eaten in my life. The bread baked here is so delicious that I could have honestly been fine with that alone. The line is generally long, but this is one of the things in life that you are more than happy to wait for. The worst part about this place is that you can only eat one meal at a time. You stand there salivating, looking at what everyone else is eating, and you'll probably find yourself wanting to snatch a bite off of everyone's plate. The French pantry really is a gem of Jacksonville. You don't come by places like this very often, in any part of the country. Out of this world.
As if I need to add to the mass amounts of positive reviews. This place is my  to place when I have friends and family from out of town. The line be long but that's what you go there for. It's not just a place to grab something to eat, it's an experience. The French Pantry has been around forever and although they distribute bread out into our community the cute little farm house style get up works ever so perfectly. My favorite to get so far is the Turkey, pesto, goat cheese baguette. ***There is now more seating!!****
This place is a gem in the rough! It is nestled in an industrial park, and could be easily missed if not for the lunch time crowd and the small green awning bearing its name. Limited parking and the size of the crowd may require parking behind the complex. There was a sizeable line that started at the door, but there is a reason for the crowd. The staff was attentive and polite while on task. We had the chicken salad sandwich, and the French dip. They were both amazing, made with the best premium ingredients. It was what I imagine to be an authentic French cuisine experience. The chicken salad featured chunks of artichoke and was topped with spring mix tossed in a tasty vinaigrette. It was sandwiched between two thin slices of toasted homemade bread. The dip was simple, but delicious served on an incredible baguette. Also there was a complimentary loaf served with oil/vinegar and spices on the table. I did not tire of all the wonderful bread! To end an already remarkable meal, we had the cheese tart with blueberries. It had a buttery crisp crust that was perfectly thin and delicate. The filling was light but full of flavor with a layer of blueberries. It was topped with powdered sugar and white chocolate shavings. I can't wait to try some of the other pastries. The French Pantry does not disappoint, and it is worth a little waiting to experience their delicacies.
I love the french pantry! Its quite far from my house, but is so worth the drive! The first time I went there I tried the shrimp & artichoke bruschetta with goat cheese. Its the only entree I ever get there since! Its so good that I keep getting it every time I come back. My friends tells me that the sandwiches are amazing, so maybe one of these days I will branch out and try something else. The portion is quite big, and I can never finish it. Its quite a small place, but very cosy. There is a couple of big tables around and how it works is that you share tables with other customers. It may seem awkward at first, but I actually like it. It makes a fun and interesting dining experience to connect or socialize with others when you usually would keep to your own party. The dessert selection is amazing! Its shown in a glass fridge as you're in line to order. I love the wedding cake, and the amazing strawberry puree that comes with it is awesome. Their breads are freshly baked and you're given a couple slices as you wait for your food. Its heavenly! The place is only opened for a limited amount of time and is usually jam packed. I recommend coming early or a bit before closing so you don't have to wait in a long line.
How do I love thee, French Pantry, let me count the ways. Un: The bread, sweet Jesus, the bread. You are a carb addicts nightmare and Mecca all in one tiny space. I can never seem to walk out without a baguette or focaccia or other crusty goodness. Deux: The food is amazing. How do you get such ripe tomatoes??? Is there some black market for insanely ripe produce only you know about? The bruschetta is fabulous - try the chicken & artichoke. And my favorite sandwich hands down is the turkey with goat cheese and pesto. So much so that I actually tried and recreated a decent version at home when your evil hours prevented a visit. Trois: Desserts I dream about. Seriously. And that strawberry sauce you throw in? I'd drink it with a straw. No Russian tea cookies my last visit. I was a tad disappointed so I needed a slice of pick me up wedding cake. In all seriousness, The French Pantry is no longer the neighborhood secret it was 15 years ago. Before the lines, before the newly installed bench outside, before Yelp, it was truly a secret where restaurants bought amazing bread and desserts and locals could grab one hell of a lunch. Word to the wise - if you don't have time for a 2 hour lunch, call in an order before they open and take it to go. Also - they have fabulous cookies sold by the dozen and I'm pretty sure the blueberry muffins had a pint of berries each. Try it, just not on a day I'm planning to visit, mkay?
Chicken panini! If you plan on bringing out of town freinds, first explain you are not taking them to an abandond warehouse to murder them.
In life when we reach milestones we want to celebrate them. I was approaching 900 reviews and was racking my  brain what would get that coveted spot but not drain my wallet at the same time. Scrolling through the 'Best of Yelp Jacksonville', French Pantry (FP) was holding on to the number one spot. At one point it had been a bookmark, but somehow fell off the page. Well, my friends, I put it back and I knew I had my 900th review. With a holiday weekend, we could take advantage of our mutual day off and venture over to Powers Ave to check them out. We arrived WAAAY early; close to an hour before they opened. We grabbed a spot on the bench and were joined shortly by a fellow FP fan. He confirmed we were not crazy for getting there that early at all; every time he goes he's there around 10:30 and he's never alone. The cashier came out to post the specials and invited us to sit inside on the cool(ish) morning. In the door, with drinks served over 45 minutes before they were supposed to open. We were winning! Table for two in a private corner of the 'cozy' dining room? We'll take it! As the crowd started to file in the early bird in me was a little...um, concerned...we were going to lose our precious spot in line. The cashier told me not to worry at all that she had us taken care of and brought us some bread to snack on. Keep in mind this was before 10:30. They weren't 'scheduled' to open for another 30 minutes. And as promised, she leaned over the edge of the end counter and took our order. No waiting in line for these rock stars. Fabulous service for the point! I went with the much raved about bruschetta: prosciutto, artichoke and mozzarella with a piece of wedding cake packed to go. The warm pillow of bread with the dollop of cheese in the center woke my slumbering taste buds. The oil & vinegar with herbs was an excellent dipping sauce. If this was how our meal started, I couldn't wait for the next act. As we watched the crowd grow outside from our perch at the window we awaited our plates of delicious magic. As our plates arrived, I could smell every molecule of deliciousness that was going to make it's way to my belly. Somehow the pieces of bruschetta were doused with the right amount of olive oil, but still remained crunchy to the bite. I was very glad I had had the foresight to leave my ring in my purse as my fingers became coated with finger lickin', lip smackin' yum. The prosciutto was crispy, the artichoke was plentiful and the mozzarella was oozing off every piece. As my husband made his way to the front to pay our tab, I waddled out to the car, I couldn't believe - but should not have been surprised - with the line that was looping through the lot. While I was excited to (eventually) try it, I couldn't fathom having even one bite of the piece of brick, er cake, that was in the seat next to me. FP reminded me of the coffee shop Mrs. Garrett (yes, the one from Facts of Life) eventually opened: cozy, warm, inviting. Somewhere you feel like you could stay for hours. So while I've always wondered how a place can manage to survive with extremely limited hours and being located in a rather odd spot, I totally get it now. I will visit FP any time I have a chance. P.S. The cake was delicious. I had it for dinner.
Yes, I'm on the French Pantry bandwagon, just jot me down on their fan list they've got going. NOT a fan (hence 4 stars not 5) of the hours...3 hours a day (11 a.m. to 2 p.m.) and no weekends? Am I right? Sheesh. I got there at 10:35 a.m. and there were 12 people in line already. I was like "WTH??"...They let us in at around 10:50 and I immediately thought to myself...yep...everyone was right. Hole in the wall it is. But the comfy-cozy type, which was nice. I'm a huge boursin cheese fan, so I went with the rare roast beef and boursin sandwich, with fresh greens, tomatoes, and a tomato-mayo spread. The dessert case had many appealing offerings, but I knew from previous reviews that I'd be stuffed after this lunch. I went by myself, so of course I was sat at a table with 3 strangers, but I didn't mind once I feasted my eyes upon the basket of steamy fresh bread that was laid before me. It went so well with the olive oil and herbs, that I ate it all...by myself. HEY, I skipped breakfast that day so I get a pass...The dining room was filling up fast, and the line outside was getting no shorter, as others on their lunch break started to show. Yeah, it was crazy, you would have thought this was the only place to eat in a 50 mile radius. My sandwich...the best I've ever had. Warm crusty bread, the freshest roast beef I've ever tasted in my life, and with the boursin? This was the BUSINESS when it came to a sandwich. I'd order this over and over and never get tired of it, but I know I'll be back soon to sample more of the goods, maybe save room for a slice of the famous "wedding cake!"
I ordered wedding cake and bruschetta, which are the food this place is  known for.  The taste are okay, not like AMAZINGLY good.  Totally not worth the wait.  The service is not good.  When you ask for something, they are very slow and and reluctant to come back!  Maybe they are too busy.  Also，this place is loud and crowded and not very clean. The table and ground are sticky!
What can I say that hasn't been said by just about everyone else on yelp? This place is phenomenal. I came here first on a friend's recomendation and I think I still owe her for that. Everything I've ever had here is amazing, but I'd suggest the bruchetta over anything else. The desserts are also to die for. The wedding cake is my favorite but certainly look over the entire selection.
My food adventure friend took me to this place for the first time and I fell in love!!!!! The food was omg, first bite and I was in heaven :) I will definitely come here again!  Must try all the other entrees.
Insanely good! We chose it due to the #1 rating on TripAdvisor and we're not disappointed! Grilled cheese with arugula, caramelized onions and suck confit...need I say more? Came with crazy good fries too! We also got a bruschetta with goat cheese, portobello mushrooms, caramelized onions and phenom tomatoes! We finished off with two huge desserts - an enormous Napolean and a slice of "wedding" strawberry cream cake! Do not miss this place  -open only for lunch!
French Pantry has consistently been a favorite of my family for years! The quality of their cookies, cakes, deserts are top notch! They use quality ingredients! Delicious! The lunch is good as well, my favorites are Goat Cheese and Shrimp Bruschetta and Roast Beef Sandwich! They are delish! The bread is amazing, fresh and makes a sandwich unlike any other! Definitely worth the wait, and they have take out which is my preference normally! You will love it!
Wish I could've reviewed this place based on their food, but I never got to try it. I called to see if they could tell me what was in their chicken salad because I was going to grab food there for my dad who happens to be picky. They couldn't even tell me what was in their chicken salad. On top of that, they wouldn't let me place a to-go order over the phone. So they lost my business. On top of that, they're only open 3 hours a day?! Good luck staying in business!
this restaurant is one of the gems in jacksonville. I almost hesitated writing a review about them. I dont want them to get any busier than they already are. my mother and I have made a bucket list, and one of her items is to eat everything off their menu. we are almost there! good food, perhaps a strange (for some) seating plan, but it encourages oneness. it is a european seating, so if you expect to seat alone at a large table....also expect someone to share your table.   the french dip is a sandwich that can be rivaled by no one in jacksonville! if you can meet their schedule this place is a must eat ... at least once in your life. you will get hooked
Of all the places I have eaten, their food tops it all. I am not here to write about there horrible decoration or possibly unfriendly staff as many others do. I am writing this because their food is the pinnacle of culinary excellence. It is unfortunate that I can only rate it 5 stars!
Who doesn't love this place... Besides the location and the odd decor, French Pantry is everything you've read about and more. I don't necessary enjoy sitting next to strangers but the food is oh so good!! My favorite meal by far is the French Dip, never thought I would enjoy a sandwich dipped in gravy but the flavors are insanely great. Can someone please tell me where they get their tomatoes from... talk about fresh!!
The reviews are definitely true for this place. A hard-to-find spot in Jacksonville open weekdays for lunch. I got lucky on a Wednesday, but Friday was a two hour ordeal. If you work and have a one-hour lunch break, don't bother waiting in line if its out the door. Why can't they be open on Sundays?? Anyway, the bruschetta is AMAZING. And so is the warm bread and olive oil they bring to your table before you receive your entree. The chicken, artichoke, goat cheese is so rich and yummy. The portabella and fontina is my favorite. It comes served on wonderful, buttered, toasted bread surrounding dressed salad and the marinated tomatoes. I can't wait to try a sandwich and dessert next time.
Worth going out of your way for. I was with a group of 6 people and everyone devoured their lunch. We also shared several desserts, each of which were amazing. Be prepared for a bit of a line and a struggle to find a place to sit, but it is well worth it.
French Pantry is hands-down, without-a-doubt, the undisputable very best lunch spot in Jacksonville.   It always has a long line, takes more time than anyone is allotted for lunch, is crowded and can be loud.  But this place is a spa for your mouth! I haven't had anything on the menu that was average (I have probably tasted a dozed different dishes).  Most have been the best of that thing that I have ever had.  Thinking about their muffalata changes my breathing and heartrate.   Some people might not like the line, the wait or sitting with strangers.  If you feel that lines are a sure indicator that something is worth waiting for and strangers are friends that you haven't met yet- five stars just isn't high enough to rate this place. bon appetit
Some of the best bruschetta around.  You have to be prepared to wait in line and order at a counter, but the smell of the bread makes the wait actually enjoyable.  Whenever I have time for a long lunch on a work day this is my first choice.
I'm not a bread person (i.e. subs or pizzas doesn't get me too excited) but because of all the yelp reviews I decided to give this place a try. Location: Hard place to find. The sign was covered by overhanging trees. Hours are just weekdays 11-2pm. Service: 5 stars. For a packed place, the servers were efficient in finding you a place to eat after you order. Yes, you have to share a table but after a while you wouldn't even notice it. Servings where plenty. I ordered the chicken bruschietta and it was served with salad in the middle. Tip: Don't skip the desserts. They were heavenly. I would go there for that alone.
This place is a great place to eat... The bread is freshly bake and the wedding cake is super good... Just make sure you have plenty of time for lunch the line is long if you don't get there by 1045am..
Went here due to a yelp search, and a hard-to-believe number of positive reviews.   Several things stand out about French Pantry. 1.  The inauspicious location in what appears to be an industrial park.  The building looks like some generic industrial park building, until you get right in front and see the awning with its faded "The French Pantry" lettering.  As we pulled into the lot, I actually asked the passenger who was giving me directions if she was sure this was the right place.  I thought we were heading straight for Acme Plumbing Supply or whatever. 2.  For a place with the term "French" in the name, a great lack of anything French on the menu, in the truckstop-esque  "decor", or anything else associated with it.  Almost like the sign was already up there when they opened so they decided it would make as good a name as any.   Not that they don't know how to properly prepare traditional French cuisine, like bruschetta, turkey & Swiss cheese sandwiches, portobella panini, and Thai chicken salad!   Bon appetit! ;^) 3.  The giant sandwiches.  Definitely non-French portions - there is a reason we're all much fatter than the French people, and our love of five pound lunches may just be a clue.   I had one with turkey, Swiss, bacon, & guacamole ("guacamole" - there I go showing off how I speak French like a champ, or perhaps Champs Elysees).   It was served on oil-soaked bread, of a variety the likes of which I have only seen previously at that love-it-or-hate-it sandwich chain, Schlotsky's.   4.  The tremendous line that existed at the hour of 11:15 am.  Yes, people love this place.  Get there early, and don't be in a hurry.  As we stood in line we scanned for open spaces at the tables, and found the very few evaporating before our eyes.   That said, the line soon vanished, and the cashier staked us out some seats, so we didn't have to get takeout. 5.   The astoundingly good fresh-baked bread they served with seasoned olive oil  - I could have eaten a ton of that; and even better, the fabulous, beautiful bruschetta.   It is not the familiar little antipasto portion (there I go, speaking French again - I guess I just got caught up in the atmosphere)  *wink again* but a plate filling, heavy delight with thick melted cheese, an ample dipping tub of chopped tomatoes, and well-oiled greens. Wow.  I need to get to the gym and work some of this off.  But as I head out to do some guilt-inspired exercises, no doubt fueled by the load of carbs and olive oil I've just consumed,  I will definitely give five stars to The French Pantry.  Or as they say in France, "tutto era deliziosa!"
Generally, I'm down with Flavaflav and "Don't Believe The Hype!" But when it comes to this place ALL of those glowing reviews can be taken as gospel. It's that good.
I love this place!!  Everyone's already sung their praises from the mountains.  So many locals only found this place from word of mouth. I find that the fastest way to go, is to order take out, and skip ahead of everyone else in the line.  Come over early (11:15-11:30 and you will still have a chance at some of the awesome desserts in the glass cases).  If you are super lucky, you can still get their still warm, fresh focaccia bread with herbs, savory spices, and  huge chunks of goats cheese.  Swoon! I just wish their hours were later, or that they were open on the weekends.  But in all honesty, as awesome as their food is, I'll just enjoy them whenever I can.
This unusual place is somewhat overpraised.  If it were possible to rate it 3.5 stars, that's what I would do here.  IMHO the food is good but not exceptional.  The lines out the door throughout the 11-2 lunch hour, the long wait for one's order, and the extremely casual shared-table experience,  lend a charming caché to this unusual location (on a downscale stretch of Powers Ave, of all places! - not far from Wolfson High School).   While waiting for your order to come to your table, The French Pantry provide decent bread and ordinary olive oil (both the table bread and olive oil are tastier and higher-quality at other places, such as Dwight's Bistro on Penman Rd.)   My prosciutto panini was tasty, but I've had better.  The desserts are good but not great - they serve large dessert portions, but the desserts are not as rich as they could be (and should be, for a place with such a reputation!)   The French Pantry is unique and often tasty, but I don't find the food to be so exceptional as to demand that I repeat the experience anytime soon.  Fortunately, Jacksonville has reached the point where there are many other excellent restaurants, cafes, bistros, and food trucks - and new ones all the time! - when you don't feel like waiting in a long line at The French Pantry!
I can't believe I'd never been here before.  Several of my co-workers suggested I try The French Pantry over the years and I declined because it sounded too girly.  Well, let me say, the food was great and even though they don't wait on you at the table, the fast casual like service model was effective. The ladies who delivered our food to the table were very quick and orderly. Too bad they aren't open on weekends. The bread was AWESOME!
I finally got to experience this place on my birthday when I had a day off. The first time I tried to eat there with a friend from work, the line was out the door. This time, we were lucky not to wait more than 10 minutes I think because we got there around 1pm. BEST BDAY LUNCH EVER. Somehow we were able to spend almost $50 between my roommate and I (well worth it...maybe because I was paid for). Between the two of us we ordered a couple of glasses of wine and... Rare Roast Beef with Boursin Turkey, Bacon and Guacamole Carrot Cake White Chocolate Macadamia Cheesecake with Strawberry puree sauce To my delightful surprise, they actually serve complimentary bread at your table with oil to dip in. In Adelyn's words, "we killed that shit." Everything we had was impeccably delicious. Desserts are a must - big enough to share. This place is seriously as good as it gets!
I don't know if TFP needs another stellar review, but I am happy to give them one! I planned a trip here with another teacher friend to complete my Jacksonville "Spring Break Staycation". We arrived a little before 11 and there was already a line out the door. My dining companion and I decided to share since everything on the menu looked too delicious to pass up. We split the artichoke, shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta and the chicken panini. We ironically ended up sitting with two other teachers who also had French Pantry on their "to do" spring break list. The panini was fabulous - it came with sun-dried mayonnaise and they left the crispy skin on the chicken. Hey, if you're going to go all out, go all out! It was hard to eat, but I was beyond table manners at this point. And, oh god, the bruschetta was heavenly. The memory of that creamy goat cheese will go with me to my grave. For dessert we shared the chocolate fudge strawberry cake. It was perfect - rich, fudgey frosting between layers of light chocolatey cake topped with fresh strawberries. Basically, this is probably the best meal I've ever had in Jax. Make sure you read the reviews below before going for the first time so you have an even better experience. If you haven't had good sex in awhile, you should make a plan to eat at French Pantry!
Might be too busy for their own good. The bruschetta I got was $2 per each, which were about 3 inches in diameter and you recieve about 4 or so. I ordered a drink and the entree. Too bad it took hella long for me to get my bruschetta. Somewhere in the rush of the long line of customers, my order was forgotten... On the good hand, it was a bruschetta worth returning for. The flavors really pop and complement each other nicely. Just, their hours are limited, so make sure to arrive BEFORE they open so you have plenty of choices in desserts. They were out of most of their desserts when I got there (30 minutes before close). Food: 5 Stars!!! Experience... 2 stars.. I'll be back, though. =)
This place is just awesome... Everytime I come here, I walk away satisfied (with a big bag of baked goods and a full stomach).  The location is nothing like what you will expect... in the middle of industiral buildings.  Therefore, it's not much of an exaggeration when you say that French Pantry is probably one of the best hidden gems, if not the best, in Jacksonville. French Pantry is only open from 11 AM to 2 PM on week days. That's right, ONLY on week days AND only from 11 AM to 2 PM. If you come between 11:15 to 12 noon, most likely the line has already gone out the door. A bit about seating: When you arrive, you do NOT seat yourself first. You will notice there is a blackboard with hand written menu for today's special. Unless you are the first few arrivals, you will have plenty of time to look at the blackboard, check out the dessert case, and the baking rack for freshly baked bread before you get to the counter to place your order. Only AFTER you've placed your order, should you seat yourself. If you have a small party of 2, you could select that private 2 seater around the corner where you enter the shop. Otherwise, seat yourself in any of the empty larger tables and expect others to join you (or you join them). Yes, this is a community seating sandwich shop! If you do one of those maneuvers where you have one person from your party grab a table while the rest wait through the line, don't be surprised if other patrons look at you funny or one of the servers coming over to 'politely' ask you to give up your seat. Usually, by the time you are done waiting in line to place your order, someone is about done with their food and ready to go. The many times I've been there, I have never had to wait long, if at all, for a seat after I've placed an order. The timing just works out perfect most of the time. The food is just excellent.  I have tried so many dishes there over the years and have never been disappointed.
This is one of those lunch places that seems to thrive with those that don't really have to work that hard.  If you have 2 hours of your day that you can give up to stand in line and have a sandwich, then this is the place for you.  Or, if you simply don't work and wear work-out clothes all day you can stand in a line that really doesn't make sense. I think it is like a lot of other Jacksonville locations (like Whiteway Deli) where people feel like they are supposed to go because someone told them it was awesome.  Then, when you get there and stand in line for 30 minutes and have a sandwich, you can't bring yourself to tell that same person that you have had better. Save yourself some time and annoyance (people like to save spots in line for 9 of their friends while you think it is almost time for you to give your order) and go grab a bite that a place that appreciates your business and isn't a time suck.
This place is terrific. We got there at 10:30, but they don't open until 11. They let us wait inside, which was nice. The smell of the freshly baked bread is incredible. Ordered a ham and swiss sandwich, but it was seriously amazing. They seat you where it suits them, which was fine with us. They deliver fresh bread to your table. It was so nice and warm. I still can't remember the last time I've had a sandwich that good. We bought German chocolate cake to go, and I can't wait to eat it!
Over last five years or so I keep saying I have to try lunch at this place, and finally I just did.  Before going I had all the warnings about where it is, what it looks like, long lines, etc. etc.; plus tons of good reviews on Yelp. All the above was accurate, but the taste, presenatation, freshness, texture, and smell of good food is purely my opinion.  For NE Fl. I must say my lunch was outstanding in every way, plus we got excellent service.  I am not a big dessert fan, but other than one place in NYC the Chesse Cake was the best I ever had. Ambience is not great and sound level is a little high due to close tables, and parking can be challanging as well, but when you get great food you don't care about all that stuff.  I will surely go back again.
Went here based entirely off Yelp reviews.  Was not let down at all.  I had read that sometimes you have to wait in line, we went around noon and there was no line, so lucky us.   The place was a little harder to find, just look for the blue awning that is half covered by trees.  Once you get inside you order at the counter and they will tell you where to sit.  Once we sat down we had our drinks right away and then they gave us fresh bread, the bread was amazing.  I could have just ate that for lunch and been all set.   I ordered the Turkey, Pesto and Goat Cheese sandwich that came out steaming hot and was great.  My friend had the French Dip and I was able to try a small bite, that was amazing as well.   From the time I sat down until the time I left I did not have a single bite of food that wasn't 5 Stars.  Worth the hype, would even have been worth the wait.
After a lunch at the French Pantry, I am inspired to write. First, I must say, this is truly the best kept secret in Jax. Trying to get to this place is a little strange. I drove by it twice and finally pulled over to call and ask someone where this place is. A woman in the parking lot pointed to the big industrial building behind me. I laughed heartily and said really?!?!? Yup! The only sign to this place is on a green awning, behind a tree (if you're coming from the south). I must tell you too, that I had never even heard the name mentioned until a friend invited a few of us for lunch. She said - let's meet there at 10:45a, since they open at 11a.  I thought, well ok, that's seems strange, but you know what you're talking about. So, we get there about 10:40 as it turned out. There was already a line! Only about 5-8 people in front of us, and not to long after a line of about 10 more behind us. And this was before they were taking orders. We had time to look in the dessert case. OMG. The ladies behind the counter were fair enough - I didn't expect warm friendly service, due to the number of people that must go through there on a daily basis. But they were far, far from rude. Just kind of "take the order and move along" type. Anyway, I ordered the turkey, goat cheese and pesto sandwich and a piece of cream cheese with blueberry pie/cake thing. We asked what it was, twice, but could not hear the soft-spoken woman behind the counter. All we got was "blueberries". Oh well, I like blueberries. We sat down to eat; they brought out some of the tastiest, warmest, soft on the inside crusty on the outside bread and oil/herbs. Then, our food was served to us at the table, where we sat with a family of three. *Note* They fill up ALL of the chairs, with whoever will fit there. My sandwich - deserves all of the recognition that it gets from other reviewers. It-was-FAB-U-LOUS! So flavorful, yet nothing overpowered anything else. Messy as can be, but soooo worth it! I tried a bite of the blueberry thing at home, and it melts in your mouth. No idea what it is, but boy is it good. Just know that when you decide to go, make sure you plan to spend some time there. Highly recommended!
It's worth the line, it's worth the wait, it's worth taking a day off work. :)  It's not particularly comfortable inside, but I'm still giving it five stars because the food is that good.  That. Good.   Get dessert.  Get the focaccia.  Get any of the bruschettas.  And then...don't tell your friends.  The line is already too long.
I was looking for the "best place in Jacksonville" when it came to food and all I saw was "French Pantry This" and "French Pantry That". The reviews that came from all over the internet was crazy, so I thought why not.   One thing to know is this place is literally open for 3 hours. And because of that, people line up early and the line is LONG. My brother and I showed up at 1:00pm and were at the end of the line that was OUTSIDE.  When you go in you notice 3 chalkboards: one with bruschettas, one with sandwiches and salads, and one with specials (i believe). Everything is seriously affordable, it's kind of mindblowing. The most expensive thing I saw was a 12 dollar salad called the Bang Bang Shrimp. I've been to this establishment about 5 or 6 times. I have tried the Artichoke, Shrimp, and Goat Cheese Bruschetta. OMG....so good. Piled on this nice slices of bread and a hefty "salad" of greens and seasoned tomatoes with balsamic vinegarette. This dish will make you LOVE goat cheese. I mean LOVE it. It's so creamy, and with the artichoke and shrimp...it just goes together so well. Everyone should try this dish once. Another dish that is now my FAVORITE is the Parisienne French Dip. Jesus came down and touched this sandwich. It is HUGE. Really it's bigger than you would think it is. Tender beef with a HANDFUL of greens, slices of tomato, mayo, mustard, and cheese (i think is brie, but i'm not sure), and a nice good cup of Au Ju. The bread was seriously the best bread ever, it soaks up the Au Ju perfectly. The Au ju is seasoned perfectly, not salty, not bland, just full of amazing flavor. It's huge, I knew I couldn't finish it, but I literally sat there until I could finish the whole thing because I knew I couldn't take it home hahaha. It wouldn't be the same. This is my go-to meal whenever I go for a while. The free appetizer bread is also a big A+++. The dip they serve with bread is full of olive oil, herbs, salt and pepper, and balsamic vinegar. It's so good, you might want to drink it lol. When you are there, get the lemonade. We can't get enough of the lemonade. And the White Chocolate Cheesecake is heavenly! I came in one time when they were selling "wedding cake" and it looked delicious. A beautiful strawberries and cream cake. Try it! Try It! I regret not buying it. Another thing I like is that because of limited tables, they sit you at tables with other customers. I always end up in interesting conversations with them. Seriously the BEST place in Jacksonville!  I'd take everyone I know to this place.
This is a place everyone around town has been talking about for months and I finally had the extra time to enjoy this little gem. Extra time is a must to really enjoy the atmosphere and people watching. Be prepared to stand in a line for 20 minutes, but wait don't give up! The seating is unusual but for the better. We sat at a large table with 2 other people we did not know, which was very helpful when we all had food in front of us and mumbling"oh that looks so good....what is that?!" you are immediately forced to make new friends just to find out what they are enjoying. I had the pleasure of eating the French Dip which was made on a home made bum and au jus was straight from the pot with small chucks of steak(a personal favorite) to really get the flavor with every bite. The steak was cooked perfectly and there wasn't an overload of cheese. All in all a fantastic French Dip. Now on to the DESSERTS.....we had a piece of chocolate cake and pineapple upside down cake. They were both very moist and full off exceptional flavor. Betty Crocker could take some notes from The French Pantry.  I could have spent 25 minutes picking different desserts and pastries. This is my new go to place when I have a few extra hours to kill for lunch. I can't wait to have the bruschetta!
Okay, if you get past having to usually wait in line for meals and not getting to choose a table until after you order, this is a great place. Since it is not near my office and there usually is a wait, I do not go there very often, but when I do I order have a dozen things and take them to co-workers because everything here is good.  Want boulabaise?  The one here is fantastic.  Want a Roast Beef Sandwhich?  Look no further.  Want a daily special?  They have a dozen.  Want pies? Cakes? Cookies?  Make a special afternoon trip. This place is peculiar, to be sure, but if you can somehow find it and find a parking place, you will not be disappointed.
I decided to grab lunch here since it was in the area I would be taking care of errands. I didn't bother reading the yelp reviews in their entirety because the high rating of 4-5 stars and 140+ reviews compared to the other options of places to eat in the city, was enough to convince me they were a good choice. I opted for just the chicken panini, and I must say it tasted wonderful. I was not expecting the bread and dipping sauce of fresh olive oil with balsamic vinegar and spices (the closest I can think of that comes to this is Carabba's Italian Grill bread and dipping sauce). Any way, I also had no idea about their hours being so limited. I will definitely be back to try some of those wonderful desserts!
I won't be doing a lengthy review on this place.  Read other comments below and you know this is the lunch spot to be at.   Be warned though, it will take you FOREVER to pick out something to order since there are lots of dishes to choose from. make you sure you get there at least 15mins before it opens cause the line will get long.   Also, if you want to eat there, expect to eat next to strangers.  Seating is limited and they choose for you where you will sit and who sits by you.   Oh yeah forgot to mention, the food is awesome.
This is one of the best places in town! I wish they were open more. When you do go, be sure to get there early bc there will be a line going out the door. They have the best cakes and bread, awesome cinnamon rolls, and my favorite lunch item is the warm turkey and goat cheese pesto sandwich. It's a small little dinner so if you want a seat inside be sure to get there early. I always get mine to go tho. You will be pleasantly surprised by this place.
Had lunch here today, probably for the 6th or 7th time in the last few years, always surprised I don't go more. French Pantry has wonderful fresh food and is truly a hidden gem. Most people likely drive right past the green awning, not me, I'm happy to wait in line. I had the Mediterranean salad with shrimp and my companion had the bruschetta. My salad had plenty of crisp greens, salami, olives, red ripe tomatoes and the shrimp were obviously fresh and local. Companion's bruschetta looked delicious. French Pantry's bruschetta is more like a salad with crusty bread medallions and toppings. My favorite part of the meal is the warm, fresh, crusty bread served with all the meals for dipping, yum! It's an effort not to eat all of it! Don't forget to purchase some baked goods to go, all their pastry items are fresh and delicious. My favorite is the strawberry cake, and that is saying something from a dark chocolate lover. The drill: stand in line, place your order, THEN go get a table. They will bring your food to you.There is usually a line forming by 1115AM. Today, we were lucky, no line all day.
Hands down, the best lunch I have ever had in my life.  I have traveled all over the world and I'm shocked I find the best sandwich ever in Jacksonville.  The wait is a little bit over exaggerated!  It might have taken ten to fifteen minutes, but I cannot recall because the food was so good I don't remember waiting. Chicken Panini!!!  Dessert!!!!  Salad with Chicken!!!(Panini was better) Bruchetta!!!!! This is can't miss!!!!!  I thought the reviews were exaggerating, WOW.
Best lunch ever.  Some of the best bread you'll put in your mouth.  I always get the Turkey w/ Goat Cheese and Pesto.  It never grows old.  You can tell they take such care in the creation of the food they serve.  Don't forget the cookies and cheesecake.   Get there early or late...11:15 or 12:45.  Other than that there will be a line to the door.
Amazing menu that lives up to the hype. Order any of the goat cheese bruschetta's...you won't be sorry!
YUMMY!  Everything we had here was good.  I got the french dipper and it was De-Licious! This isn't the only place you can get good food in Jacksonville, but, it happens to be one of the few that isn't a chain, so I'm all for that.  And yes, I do grade good food in Jacksonville on a curve.  You have to.  There isn't a way around that. But, why come here? I mean, any old chain in Jacksonville can serve up a scrumptious sandwich with "unique" ingredients at a more reasonable price. Come close and I'll tell you a secret. Lunch is just a distraction here for the "real goods"  sold here.  Besides, if you aren't a female over 50 years of age, you might feel a little out of place sitting down for a meal here. The real goods...*looking left, and looking right*....are from the bakery! I've said too much.  Go see for yourself. To out of towners: You might wonder what the fuss is all about, especially if you are coming from a region that has its fair share of small batch or even Italian bakeries. The fact is, The French Pantry is one of the first of its kind to fill this void in Jacksonville. I for one, am thankful for such a place.  So wait in line, eat up, and come back for seconds =)
My girlfriend and I went to French Pantry after so many recommendations from friends and I must say that i was quite impressed. After hearing stories of the long lines and great food, I figured that if we can get through Lady and Sons, we can get through anything. So, we got there around 130 and the line was still out the door and maybe 10-12 people long. We were in line for 20 minutes till we reached the inside where we had plenty of time to read the blackboard menu. There were plenty of things that we wanted to try, but when we reached the cashier to order, they had run out of the roast beef with Boursin and the French onion soup. I had my heart set on the shrimp po boy and it was still available so I snagged one while my girlfriend (who had her heart set on the roast beef and Boursin) was disgruntled at my choice to make the decision for her by picking the chicken panini. There were people behind us and I felt like we were holding it up. We were shown to our seats where our drinks were already awaiting and we sat down, sharing the table with another couple. After munching down on some complimentary bread (freshly made French and foccacia) we were served and man oh man... The po boy was messy and awesome like any great sandwich should be and my girl had to eat hers with a knife and fork. We rounded out the meal with a chocolate chip cookie, after all the desserts we wanted were already gone. I also made sure to snag up a loaf of their French bread which I used to make sone great paninis later with. All in all, great service, great food, and a great atmosphere made the entire experience great!
What a great dining experience.  I wanted to order everything on the menu because it looked so good. My salad was really good (huge) and the bread and desserts (yes we had 2) were wonderful. Almost as good as being in Paris.  I will certainly go again when I am in Jacksonville.  Expect to wait for a table, but it is worth it.
Just GO.  I was really impressed by the food. It's not just yelp hype. Wanted to try this place for so long. Had the Texas burger which is very good. The wedding cake is also very good.  If I were to go nitpicking I would say the French fries were not on par with everything else. THIS IS NOT FAST FOOD so be prepared to wait.
First of all be careful you may miss it when driving by. It looks like a warehouse from outside and signage isn't as visible. Definitely get there before they open because there was already a line by 11am. When you order in they will seat you wherever is convenient but you may end up sitting with random people around you. Some things to note is to try the prosciutto  bruschetta with buffalo mozzarella. Also order dessert even if you can't finish your meal. Definitely try a particular dessert called the brown butter tart. At first it taste simply but as you continue chewing the flavors sneak up and surprise you! It's like a party if flavors in your mouth, must try!
The starter bread and the oil/vinegar dip that it came with were amazing.  I'm not sure I've ever eaten fresher bread, and it comes free with every meal. My sandwich, the eggplant sandwich, was also great, but there were two things that made it less than perfect.  First, it was drenched in olive oil.  I felt like I was eating a sponge that had been soaked in olive oil.  I like oil, but this was too much.  Second, the sandwich came with a small slice of meat that I don't remember seeing mentioned on the menu.  I guess most people wouldn't be upset, but it's not a pleasant site when you're a vegetarian.
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? Amazing? Awesome? Tasty? Divine? Suuuuper?? Hidden away from the world, this true hole in the wall is a major find in Jax.  Virtually no internet presence, no advertising, it is all word of the mouth and the word is GOOD.  A friend told me about this place and I scheduled a meetup for there on a Friday.  It was packed and it stays packed, so get there early.  Once, I was smart enough to get there by 10:30 AM and was first in line.  WOOHOO! The wedding cake is one of the most amazing things I have had as a dessert.  The sandwiches are what sandwiches dream of being. The bread - so fresh and so clean!  If you haven't been, you gotta go.  Seriously.  Go but go early.
Worth the wait! There is usually some kind of a wait to eat here, however you will never be disappointed!! The portions are huge and the food is just amazing. House made breads provided as soon as you are seated. Some of the best bread I've ever eaten! I've tried multiple bruchetta's and all of them were amazing, the bang bang shrimp is also always a favorite! And lets not forget the desserts!! I've been obsessed with the blueberry torte ever since I started coming here. Don't hold back, go all out when you get here!! :))
