Excellent lunch, great salsa bar and the carne asada are you kidding me? Always looking for a San Diego style carne asada experience and this is one of the best. Reasonable and friendly staff make sure you try this right now.
Sorry, La Nopalera, but this place puts you to shame- be weary, because your reign may be coming to an end at the hands of Si Señor Fresh Mex! To be honest, I've always loved La Nopalera. I would always get a little peeved when I'd hear an individual say, "man, La Nopalera ain't authentic". However, after dining at Si Señor Fresh Mex, I completely understand their disposition to denounce La Nop's authenticity. In regards to fast and fresh authentic Mexican food, this place is, at minimum, amazing! I only wish it were a little bigger, with more of a sit-down and chill restaurant vibe, rather than the fast-food, eat quick and go, atmosphere. Nonetheless, if you're thinking to yourself, "should I check this place out?", I say to you, just do it! Oh! I almost forgot to tell you, I had two tacos. One was the carnitas Mexican taco, and the other was the chorizo Mexican taco- both are excellent. Freakin mmmmm!
Delicious!  First visit but it won't be the last. Huge portions of fresh made food. The salsa bar has about 7 different types of salsa, free for the taste testing.  The service was quick and friendly.  A steady crowd of patrons came in while we were there. And they serve beer and wine! Two things I would change: you have to order at the counter and we had to wait because of the crowd. Second, the waitress didn't ask if we wanted more chips until after we had finished eating.
We were craving Mexican food and wanted to try something new and Google was kind enough to point us in the direction of Si Senor. It was delicious. We had the pollo asada fries, guacamole, cheese dip, carne asada tacos with beans and rice, the burrito California, and nachos supreme. Large portions, delicious food, and welcoming, friendly owners made this an excellent experience. We'll be back again soon.
Finally! A yummy, authentic taco place that has a full bar with great specials, friendly staff and salsa bar! Absolutely love this place. I'm going to check it out again soon and.update my review with some pictures; thus time around I was too excited and hungry sop I forgot too take pictures haha. It's worth the trip and it is sooooo good. You have a bunch of options to choose from and the price is right for the portions they give you. The asada tacos were filled with well-seasoned steak and were not over powered with toppings or sauce, so you could really taste it. 2 for 1 Margaritas? Perfect pair ;)
You want great Mexican food? Come here. All the positive reviews are right on the money.
Delicious!!!! I'm actually Mexican and can actually appreciate the authentic Mexican tacos they serve up and they are pretty darn tasty! The fresh onion and cilantro on the tacos were perfect especially with a squeeze of lime and pinch of salt. I'm looking forwards to trying out their other menu options. I only wish they had other options for sides other than the typical bean mash,  rice and chips. My only other thing is that this place is not cheap but it won't break the bank either. But for $6 you get two tacos and that's it. If you want sides and a drink it's extra on top of that. But since the flavor was good I'll most def go back! I also wish they would have dessert selections. Considering all the dessert possibilities! But def worth a go :-)
Right off the bat, the cashier was very friendly and helpful. We had never eaten here before and he explained everything on the menu. We ordered chicken quesadilla (daughter) and tacos. One was steak and the other pork. Both were very good! And the guacamole? Probably the best I've had in Jax. The chips were fresh and warm. Loved the salsa bar too! Fresh, delicious food and friendly staff...we will be back!
First time here at this Mexican restaurant. I get tired of hearing about people claiming that some Mexican food is authentic, or isnt . Because it doesn't matter to me as long as it tastes good. I believe this is authentic. It looks like what we had when we were in Mexico. And it's delicious Reasonably priced, too. Great deals on alcohol, as well. We've been coming to Jacksonville for 28 years. Surprisingly, they don't have very good Mexican food here. Actually, the restaurants aren't very good generically. This is the best of all of them as far as Mexican food is concerned. The owner is Johnny. He came from Chicago about two years a go. Be sure to introduce yourself. He's terrific.
This is the best Mexican food in town... I've been in Jax my whole life and been a lover of Mexican food for just as long. Come here and get anything with steak. It is ALWAYS delicious. I've never had a bad experience here and drive 30+ min just to eat here every weekend. DO IT!
Two words, Foosball Table!!!! I think this may be the only spot in town with a table.  Good stuff!   Oh, the food is fantastic, too! I love the tacos here, but have tried the burrito and carne asada, both so tasty, you might cry... I did.  Seriously, though, the first time I bit into that al pastor taco, I almost slapped my wife, luckily for her, my hands were full.. of tacos.  Our favorite Mexican place in Jacksonville.
We just moved into Jacksonville and really craved Mexican food. So we looked up the top Yelp reviewed place in the area. I think we found a winner in Si Senor Fresh Mex. We got the Burrito California, the Carne Asada, and the fajitas. The burrito was gigantic, and absolutely incredible. My friends reported that their meals were equally as good. Overall, it's clear that everything here is authentic and made with high quality ingredients. The employees are helpful, and the atmosphere is quiet and casual. We'll be back here often!
Yum!! This is some authentic Mexican food. This place is worth trying!!! They have el pastor which is amazing
It was great! The staff were friendly and took good care of us. California burrito was huge and the chicken enchiladas were creamy and tasty. The salsa bar and guacamole were great additions. Can't wait to go back!
Located off of St. Johns Bluff Rd, just south of Beach Blvd this addition to the "order-at-the-counter" Mexican food scene serves up some of the best Mexican fare I've had in a while. On my first visit, I tried the Si Senor Quesadilla with Carne Asada and made it a combo (adding 2 sides with a drink). The description of the combo on the menu made it appear is if you are to chose between the chips, beans and rice for your sides, however I was pleasantly surprised that the combo actually come with all three. After receiving your receipt, you're also given a bowl to load up on the salsas over at the nearby salsa bar. The salsa selection was expansive, I can't exactly remember which ones I tried but they were all freshly made and tasty. I personally felt that the hot salsas could've had a bit more spice to them, however I'm sure they'd be spicy to numerous patrons. In a matter of minutes, my food arrived. The quesadilla was of the "two tortilla" variety and cut into pie quarters. This quesadilla was absolutely on point. The cheese had a very creamy/mild that resembled Mozzarella cheese. I believe it may be Oaxaca cheese, which is frequently used in Quesadillas in Mexico. It was VERY delicious and I devoured every bit of it. The rice and beans were good as well, a nice touch. It was a good food, I didn't leave hungry nor did I leave stuffed to the brim. I highly recommend this place, and will be back to try other dishes.
Wow! Great fresh food and a huge serving (at least the California Burrito was). Staff were very friendly. Wish I'd had time for a beer.
First tried this place over a year ago. Since then, Si Senor has solidified itself as my favorite Mexican restaurant in Jax. Portions are generous (the burritos are huge, other reviews confirm this), ingredients always taste fresh and the staff is friendly. There's a variety of salsas to choose from and pair with your chips. Do yourself a favor and order a sweet delicious horchata beverage to top off the party in your tummy. There's a lot of average Mexican cuisine spots around town, but Si Senor is the real deal!
Lunch special... Chicken fajitas. GREAT. this included your choice of salsa, chips, drink and WAY too much food - all for $9.99. They asked (yes ASKED) if I wanted corn or flour tortillas and I know why. They have to be proud of these homemade corn tortillas -- YUM!  Great service - yes you order at the front and seat yourself, but they check on you numerous times, removing spent napkins as they go (and always with a sincere smile). Not being from the area, it took driving around parking lots until I found it, but it was WORTH the search. Try it, you'll love it!
Every time I have visited Si Senor, I have ordered the California burrito. It is always delicious! I usually get the chicken which is juicy and seasoned perfectly. The white queso sauce on top is awesome. Everything is always fresh and fast. Great for lunch. The salsa bar is a must. Love this place, some of the best tex-mex/ Mexican food on Jacksonville
Hands down, best Mexican food in Jacksonville!  Warm and friendly service.   I would go weekly if I could.
Delicious, no frills authentic Mexican. Are they fancy? No. Are they delicious? Yessssssss. I ordered the chicken quesadilla and that was bomb but the best part? The rice and beans. My boyfriend got carne asada and that was great too. The salsa was delicious. We will be back :)
Si Senor reminds me of Mexican places back home. Jacksonville isn't exactly packed with taquerias, so it's nice to see this little spot doing so much business over on St. John's Bluff. The food is really good. The tacos are served the way the taco gods intended: two piping hot corn tortillas with grilled meat, cilantro and onions. A squeeze of lime and maybe some salsa verde from the salsa line? Count me in. The al pastor, my go-to taco, is pretty tasty here. It reminds me more of carnitas, because the meat is griddled but the saltiness stands up perfectly to a salsa verde or the tomatillo with avocado. The asada is really tasty as well, if not quite as flavorful. It goes well with any of the red sauces. The salsa bar is packed with some really interesting choices, some better than others. The tomatillo salsa with avocado is sooo good. Creamy because of the avocado but packing some serious heat. The others are pretty standard. The only one I didn't like, ironically, was the al pastor. It's a tomato base with garlic, and I couldn't place it but it just tasted off. 9 out of 10 is pretty solid odds. Most of the combos are around 8 bucks, and come with two sides. I got rice and re-fried beans. Pretty standard issue but tasty. The place is a little hard to find if you aren't familiar with the neighborhood, but it's worth the expedition. 5 stars for authentic taqueria style tacos in Jax.
I could eat Mexican several xs a wk and I have proven that w dining her last night and today. We love it. The bf is Chilean and hates tex mex. He thinks most Mexican places taste like garbage but he was on a mission today to get back here. Last night he had the asada torta and I had the ca burrito. That burrito looked like a navy ship. Huge! Great Queso and flavors inside. He loved his torta so much he got it again today and I jumped on board and got the carnitas torta. Wow. The bread is phenomenal, hint of butter, soft yet good grilled texture. Topped w all sorts of goodies including avocado. And carnitas are my jam. They have 2-4-1 and a salsa bar. I predict the duke crown will be in my future.
came here because of the yelp reviews and we were not disappointed! will def be coming back. just wish he had a better location! try the carnitas
I've been coming here now for a couple of months and I can't stress enough how great this place is. The best Mexican in Jax and there is no doubt. The salsa bar where you can try 6 different types of salsa is great. The family owners a very attentive and want to know anything they can do to make the place better. The food is amazing. I've had the tacos and burritos more times than I can count now and I have never had a bad batch. The level of quality here is just super. This place has become better than Taco Lu because they can do one thing consistently right: deliver spectacular food every visit.
Please try Mr. Taco before Si Señor. More like "no señor". After reading the reviews I was excited to try this place. I ordered the pastor and asada tacos. Each was served with two corn tortillas, which threw the tortilla to meat ratio way off. The pastor was burnt neither tender or juicy. The asada was ok as were the rice and beans. Maybe I just had an off plate, but I've been going to Mr. Taco for years and it tops everything about my experience at Si Señor.
Great little place, great service and extremely clean. Affordably priced with large portions, I'll definitely be going back!
Quarts of Corona... Si Senor has Corona's equivalent to La Nop's big mugs. It was a little overpriced for 32 oz but other than that it was pretty good. If I were to say one word about the food, I would say it seemed "healthier". Normally when I visit a Mexican restaurant, the food typically seems very greasy. The fajitas were delicious and the environment was fun. The staff came around and had us wear sombreros for a group picture. If you work or go to school around the Town Center area, I would suggest making the extra effort to check out Si Senor.
I have returned many times since my first post and this place is a real gem. I have tried most things on the menu and they are all great. I think my favorite is anything with carnitas in it. You have got to try this place if you want real Mexican food sevved fresh and fast. This plus the closest beer I've had in Jacksonville makes this the place to be. Enjoy
this food in this place is actually pretty good.  The menu was a little confusing. The service was slow we had to constantly ask for margarita's and follow up on our orders.  We would give it another try as the food was pretty good.
Excellent fresh, authentic food & service. Highly recommend. And, the price can't be beat! Don't go anywhere else in Jax for Mexican.
The food was okay. I didn't like the taco shells they tasted like they were microwaved. The filling of the taco was good but the shell ruined it. The pollo asado fries were okay. The fries could have been cooked a little longer.  Sub par probably will not return.
I'm overly critical of Mexican restaurants after having worked with amazing cooks from Mexico, but this place is AWESOME-- the salsa is fresh, the food is delicious, and the ambiance is great. I got Tacos Rancheros with carnitas *drool* Just thinking about this place makes me feel happy inside. I highly recommend it.
If you are looking for authentic Mexican food, look no further. Si Senor is delicious, reasonably priced, and have the best salsas. On my first visit my dad and I shared a burrito California which is a 14 inch, FAT burrito. I was used to a California burrito from my San Diego years, so I was expecting french fries inside of it. This burrito didn't have them, but the owner said he would put some in for me :) Awesome customer service! Even sharing I couldn't finish this huge burrito, and for 9.00 I think that's a bargain. Everything is very fresh, as the name says. I am looking forward to going back again and again...and again.
I found this place here on Yelp and thought to give it a try. When we walked in, the decor was a mix between funky and stereotypical Mexican. Hodge podges of small framed artwork, Mexican sombreros, huge framed Mexican landscape paintings, along with a ginormous hand painted mural adorned the walls. There was no rhyme or reason to the wall art, and the stereotypical decor is what we've all come to expect in Mexican restaurants. The lights though above the tables were beautiful. I really need to go back and ask where they got them, because they were really neat. The looked like metal starbursts with colorful jewels and gems... I'll go back and take a picture to upload. Just really funky. The counter is literally right at the door when you walk in. I can't imagine this place at lunch time or with a huge crowd. That might get really uncomfortable. The place is small, so maybe it was just the only place they could put the counter, though. Food was good, and the menu is not complex. There is a list of meats you can choose from (such as asada, grilled chicken, pastor, etc.), then a list of about 15 different items, the first half or so which are priced by themselves (and add $2.99 for rice, beans and a drink), and the other half which are larger entrees that have rice and beans included. I love this because I do not like overwhelming menus that have 4,582 different items you have to flip through. I ordered the #1 (2 Mexican tacos) with the steak/asada. They came out really fast, nice and hot. I loved the flavor of the meat. They also have a salsa bar for you to choose from, and I chose the ranchera. It was great on the chips and on my tacos. However, while it had the right amount of spice and a great flavor, it was pretty generic. Just like bottled stuff. I was a little bummed they didn't have pico de gallo on the bar. My husband ordered the Enchiladas Suizas with rice & beans and an horchata. We judge Mexican restaurants by their horchata because some people just really don't know how to make it. He thought it was delicious, and the cup was huge full, so it was nice that they didn't skimp on that. The rice and beans were standard, but still not bad. The enchiladas were apparently very good because my husband ate them up, and he's not one to be quiet if he doesn't like something. My daughter had the kid's quesadilla with rice & beans. She loved it, but she always like quesadillas. She also couldn't get enough of the Hi-C Pink Lemonade, lol. ;) I was really turned off by the prices, though. I expected something more reasonable for counter service and disposable cutlery. I paid $5.99 for my 2 tacos... TWO tacos. I'd expect 3 for $6. Maybe the rent is expensive, because we paid $26 for this meal and could have gotten a sit-down, full-service restaurant for that price. I might try it again, now that I know what to expect to pay for it. I noticed after I had ordered they have have tortas, so I'd like to try that one day.
Having lived in Mexican food hot spots like San Antonio and Los Angeles when it comes to Mexican food I am not unlike a billionaire's wife who's seeking a divorce and needs half of the money because she's become accustomed to the finer things in life. However, being 3 years removed from great Mexican food can numb you to the subpar generic Mexican food found throughout Florida, but upon stumbling into Si Señor I have rediscovered my snobbish sensibilities. Their Mexican style tacos come with all the authentic flavors of the street vendors you buy from in Matamoros and other parts of Mexico minus the Montezuma's revenge. If you are eating Mexican food anywhere other than here in Jax, you are wasting your time.
Writing this review as I sit here waiting for my second plate of Mexican tacos. It's THAT good! I haven't had authentic tacos like this since I left TX six years ago, thanks Yelp. :)  The pastor (pork) tacos are just like the ones in Ensenada, Mex. just missing the pineapple on top. I definitely recommend those and the asada tacos. If you're really hungry try the burrito; it's HUGE.
If I could eat this food everyday I would.  The staff is great and the food is way better then most of the other choices in town.    Me and the lady, have been on a mission to try everything on menu at least once!
OK, So you have to eat off of disposable plates and use plastic utensils!  Who cares? I found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to go out of our way to try it out.  We were glad that we did.  They were super friendly and the quality of the food and salsas were great.  Excellent  flavors and good selection of beer made our stop in Jacksonville more enjoyable.   It has very limited dining space and is geared to the carry out market, which I'm sure helps to keep the cost reasonable, but don't be confused, this is authentic Mexican and is not a fast food joint!
Seriously awesome!! Just tried for my first time and Im already thinking what Im going to try on my next visit. Love the salsa bar!!
Wife and I dined here while visiting Jacksonville. Staff was very helpful ordered California burrito with steak and chicken enchiladas. The burrito was huge and amazing. We also did the 2 4 1 margaritas. Highly recommend.
Wow! Circumvent the chains and experience fresh, made from scratch, authentic Mexican flavors. Johnny the owner could not have been more friendly and committed to a great guest experience. Try the Agave Margarita-we were pleasantly surprised! Yummy!!!
Moving from California and missing all the great Mexican style foods from there and coming to Florida where all the Mexican food places are a bit white washed if you will......This place can take you back to the foods from the street vendors in Cali.  The California Burrito is NOT a Mexican dish its American but it is soooooo dang good with the asada from Si Seniors!!!  I have never been disappointed by anything on their menu!  Great drink specials all ay long as well.  GREAT PLACE!
Authentic mexican food. The meals are so delicious. Tasty and fresh ingredients. Best in jax!
Wow! The other reviews did not mislead. Insanely fresh and spicy Mexican backed by warm, genuine service and priced fairly. Didn't have a margarita this time but the others that ordered said they were great. It's hard to describe the salsa bar, so I'll go with fantasmagoric. TL;DR - Nobody be frontin'
I stopped in for lunch, having read the enthusiastic reviews.  I'll give them an A-OK for a first time experience and will go back again a couple of times to see how it holds up.   I had the Carnitas, which were excellent and NOT overcooked like most of the other "Mexican" restaurants in town.  Flavorful and tender, without the dried out hard spots that come from leaving the meat in the fryer too long (or just reheating meat too many times).  Guacamole was very nice, as were the various salsas I tried from the salsa bar.   This is good quality food, cooked carefully, at reasonable prices and delivered by friendly staff.  Service was very good.  I was a little surprised that they are using plastic plates and forks, etc. but it certainly doesn't detract from the food.  As a final comment, if you have had Mexican food in California or Tex-Mex in Texas you know that it can be better than this - but for Jacksonville?  This is a great little place.
Tried this great little place for a late lunch today, after reading about it here on Yelp! I had the #2 combo which is 2 soft tacos with your choice of meat and lettuce, tomatoes and sour cream. I had 1 with Asada  (steak) and 1 with Chorizo (sausage). My better half had the Si Senor combo, which is 2 soft tacos 1 with Asada and 1 with Chicken and was very happy with both. The only thing that upset her was that the rice had garlic in it (she's allergic to garlic). On the drive home, after talking it over with my wife we both agreed to become frequent diners here.
This place has great prices, quick service , an yummy food! The beans are definitely the best beans I have had! I had the Main mahi tacos, they were really good, the sauce on them was OK, wish it was a little tangier. Rice was fresh, an so were the chips.
I'm here in Jacksonville on business and have been twice this week. Got the #1 both times (Pastor). Amazingly good. Fast service. Friendly service. I'm baffled that there's not a line out the door. Cmon Jacksonville, you don't know how good you've got  it.
I want to give a huge shout out to Yelp. If it wasn't for their newsletter, I would have never found this hidden gem! All of the pictures looked great and they reviews were wonderful, so we gave it a shot and found a new favorite! One of my favorite things about Si Senor Fresh Mex is the salsa bar. They have 6 different types of homemade salsa. I got the medium and Ivan got the mild (green). Both were delicious. We also ordered a side of guacamole. It was very fresh and tasty! For my entree I got the Si Senor Tacos with chicken and made it a meal with rice and chips. I was expecting the same ol' shredded chicken that you get at all Mexican restaurants, so I was pleasantly surprised when I got my tacos. The chicken was some of the best I have ever had! It was grilled and had a great taste to it, so they must have marinated it well. My husband got the Quesadilla Si Senor with chorizo and made it a meal with rice and beans. He took one bite and said "we have a winner!" Verdict: Loved it! We definitely have a new favorite in this hidden gem! They are located in a new strip mall along St Johns Bluff (the same one as Johnny Rockets) in between Beach Blvd and the Town Center. If you are looking for great authentic Mexican, check them out! Plus, the owners are very friendly!
This place fully impressed me. I got the sopés with carnitas and pollo. AMAZING. Where else can you find sopés? My friend got the traditional tacos and loved the crane asada. All the meats were very flavorful Do yourself a service and go have some inexpensive delicious and tradition food.
We're on a roadtrip down to Orlando and were hitting Jacksonville around dinnertime last night. I was driving, and my wife looked for places on Yelp. I like Mexican food, but we don't eat it that often, and I was verrry skeptical that -- with three kids who'd been in the car all day -- stopping here was the right call. But we stopped, and it was perfect. My wife eats gluten-free, so she ordered the nachos with chicken. The plate was bigger than she could finish; I was happy to help. It was delicious. The cheese sauce on it was especially tasty. I got the steak burrito, and it was absolutely excellent. The steak was marinated / spiced just right, and it was delicious. We got two orders of the tacos. Our 9-year-old ate one on her own, and the 6-year-old twins split the other one. It was just the right amount of food. I believe it was about $28 or so (we only drank water). The food came out pretty quickly after we ordered, so it didn't delay our time on the road too much, and it was a much better experience than stopping at a fast food place would have been. We even got a quick game of foosball in before heading out. I'm not sure if the guy who took our order was the owner or not (he was maybe 35?), but he clearly wanted us to enjoy our time there, and was super-friendly.
A hidden gem!!! The food is excellent. I had a steak burrito California that was amazing. The ingredients were super fresh. Don't be fooled by the "fast food" appearance of this place, we've been to plenty of pricier restaurants that can't hold a candle to this place.   It's worth going out of your way just to come to this spot!!!
Read all the great reviews and decided to try it out for myself. We were greeted as we came in by a very friendly guy (owner of the restaurant?) that welcomed us and offered 2 for 1 Margaritas (Yes please.) We ordered the hard taco meal with chorizo and pastor, along with a soft taco meal with chorizo and carnitas. Threw in a side of guac for good measure. I headed over to the salsa bar to see what they had and found a number of tasty looking options with varying levels of spiciness and flavor. I made a little concoction of the medium tomato based salsa and the mild avocado based one. Super delicious and tasted great with the chips and guacamole. The man from the counter brought out our food a few short minutes later. Everything looked and smelled great. My chorizo taco was delicious, flavorful and the meat was moist. The pastor was also good although it would have been better if the meat were in some kind of sauce vehicle instead of just chunks placed in the shell. Still, a little salsa thrown in and it was great! The carnitas taco was awesome. Shredded pork marinated and sooooo flavorful. I just loved it. The beans and rice were also good, surprisingly, since that's usually the weakest part of the meal in a lot of Mexican restaurants. The rice on its own had a delicious flavor, not bland at all, same for the beans. Good seasoning. At the end I was just so happy that I was talked into dessert, Tres Leches. Totally worth the overly full feeling later. It was super moist, great texture and the most awesome creamy vanilla flavor! I was in heaven. :-D Definitely going back there again. Between the friendly attentive service and the delicious food it's a great spot close to UNF for Mexican food.
This is the place if you're looking for authentic Mexican food!  I happened to notice their sign when driving along St. Johns Bluff Rd.  Although the location is not ideal (used to be the Moon Cheeseburger? in a strip mall), the food is fresh and well-prepared.  It's not a sit-down-order-from-the-menu type of place, but rather more "fast-food" where you order at the counter and they bring your order to the table.  The prices are very reasonable and the helpings are healthy.   I had the regular burrito with carne asada.  The steak was marinated well, not too strong, and tender.  Si Senor offers many types of meats (chicken, pork pastor, ground beef. steak asada, and shrimp).  They also have a fresh salsa bar (help yourself) with all levels of heat.  The place is clean and the service was fast!  I highly recommend you try it, especially if you're a La Nopalera fan. You just may be a new convert to Si Senor :-)
This is not La Nopalera!  It is clean, people are friendly and the food is geared to much more traditional Mexican food than the Americanized versions. You will notice this when you can order traditional tacos or American Tacos, and yes, there is a difference. My daughter tried the kids quesadillas and she loved the Mexican soda that came with it. I tried two different tacos,neither of which carried the word American. The ingredients were fresh and crisp, so nothing was sitting in a skillet for years at a time. Fresh, fresh, fresh. I have to say I really liked the food, but I also realized how I had been tainted by Taco Bell and every other version of queso drowned food. This food was fresh, delightfully tasty and not drowned in anything. Did I tell you how clean it was and how fresh the ingredients were?  Okay, thought so.
Loved the grilled mahi tacos with aztec sauce.  2 for $6.99 with chips. For this price I do think it should come with rice or beans. Very fresh fish and toppings. Had a side of guacamole,  made when ordered.  Loved it too! Was told will have shrimp on the menu soon, cant wait. Cheese Quesadilla was good but most of all loved the salsa assortment on the salsa bar.  Fresh radish and sweet onions too. Ended our lunch with homemade tres leche. Very authentic and not to sweet. We will definitely be back soon...the staff and owner made this a great friendly place.
WOW! This place amazed my palate and surpassed my expectations. The food and service is the standard I have been looking for since the last time I visited Mexico. Everything from the meats, rice, beans, agua de Horchata, salsa, tortillas... This is now the standard on what I use to judge and compare all other Mexican restaurants off of. The salsa bar is great and worth trying all of the different salsas. I will make the drive from Julington Creek just for the food and highly recommend this place to anyone who wants the best!
Pollo Loco was great! Carne Asada tasted amazing! The senor that took my order was a happy guy! The salsas ranged from mild to spicy! Enjoyed this place tremendously and will be back for more
Great food and super friendly staff!  I had the Mexican tacos with steak and they were the best i've had in Jax. The hubby went for the California Burrito with pork and thought it was great however it could probably feed a family of 4;)  highly recommended....we will be frequent visitors!
My family came to Si Senor to celebrate a friends birthday. I was expecting a restaurant similar to La Nopalera, but I was pleasantly surprised by how different it was. Unlike La Nop's dine-in sit down, Si Senor is a fast-food type restaurant where you order up front and have your food delivered to your table. The menu was also unique in that they had Mexican style tacos (meat, onions & cilantro), Torta (Mexican sandwich), and Sopes (open faced tacos). I ordered the carne asada Torta and it was blown away by the flavor of the steak. Other perks include a salsa bar and 2 for 1 beers. While I'll definitely come back, my biggest concern is the location of the restaurant. It's located in the spot where the MoonCheese burger restaurant was a block south of the college book rack on St. Johns Bluff in a shopping plaza that's not  very populated and very inconspicuous from the main road. I suspect that was the very reason why MoonCheese shut down.
fast and fresh.  easy order board and really fast good tasting food.  they also have a salsa bar.
Small hidden gem, this is one of my regulars for lunch or dinner.  Fresh, delicious, and friendly.
Si Señor is DELICIOUS!! I got the "Burrito California" with steak, very flavorful and succulent. The refried beans and rice were a nice compliment. It was covered in queso which was sooo, sooo yum. My fiancé got the traditional Mexican tacos with steak, onions and cilantro. A very "street side vendor" taco taste. They have a salsa bar which is a plus too :) It's located in the newer plaza off St John's , so it's hard to see but really worth a visit :D
We always search out mom-and-pop type restaurants and local favorites when we travel. Fellow Yelpers led us to Si Senior, and we loved every bite! Their slogan of "Fresh Mex" is well deserved. The homemade salsa bar features 6 different salsas-my fav was the tomatillo salsa. Hubby enjoyed chicken quesadillas and I had beef nachos. The atmosphere is inviting and relaxed-the staff treated us like locals. We'll be back for more from Si Senior-yes sir!
Great food, great service. I know it's great when my daughter eats a dish. She gobbled up the Burrito California. You can't go wrong with this place.
This place was such a pleasant surprise, and was the complete package!  Great food, exceptional service, and very fair prices.   We love Mexican food and have had our share of good and bad.  This place was awesome.  We were pleasantly greeted upon entering, and found the fresh homemade  salsa bar amazing.....especially their green sauce made with tomatillos!   This place has authentic as well as "Americanized" Mexican dishes sure to satisfy all.  Would highly recommend !!!
I've eaten here a few times for lunch.  Some of the best tacos in town.  Great homemade salsa bar to go with it.  Service is always friendly and fast.
They have some good Mexican food here, my favorite is the Chicken Fajitas, and good salsa!.
I saw this on Yelp and after taking a trip from the Neptune Beach area to find Si Senor Fresh Mex, my ride was well worth the tasty and uncomplicated meal selection. I've been to many restaurants around the area but none where the menu has been nothing less than perfect! The meals range from $5.95 to $17.00 or so. I chose Fajitas at about $10.95 where most places are priced $14.95 +. The meal was so good that I kept saying MMMM to myself almost to an embarrassing interruptible way.  It was that good. The downside of this place is finding it as it is tucked into a strip mall area not too far from Ocean blvd and off of St Johns Bluff Rd. Set your GPS and visit the place, and you will see for yourself that anywhere with any meal you eat won't be the same! Outstanding is the only way to describe this place!
This place knows how to cook asada. Cooked perfectly. Very helpful and attentive guy working. Even ordered more to go after we finished our meal. We will definitely be back.
Si Senor Fresh Mex offers a somewhat modern twist on traditional Mexican cuisine. Upon entering, I wasn't overly impressed by the decor/ambiance, but it seemed clean and busy, which is always a good sign. You order your food at the counter when you walk in and they bring it to you within minutes. Seriously..... it only took us about 5 minutes to get out food! I ordered the Mexican tacos which were corn tortillas, carne asada, onions & cilantro. They were simple and delicious. We also had the guacamole which was super fresh with large chunks of avocado in it. They have a salsa & toppings bar with tomatillo, hot/med/mild salsa, fresh onions/jalepenos, etc. Others at my table enjoyed the California burrito & the American tacos. Everyone was satisfied. They also offer 2-4-1 Margs & beers. Great deal & good food.
Coming from Texas it was refreshing to get authentic mexican good and a plus was great service! Great experience all the way around! Thank you!
Love the friendly staff and the great, fresh food. Been twice and loved everything. They even have Mexican Coca-cola (which is much better than the US version).  My chimichanga must have had an entire chicken breast in it. Definitely out favorite quick Mexican place now. And they play Mexican music, as they should (you hear me Sierra Grill?).
This is a great find for those of us who are from New Mexico. I almost felt like I was home. I had the carne asada. The meat was very tender, the beans and rice were standard, loved the roasted jalapeño, and the corn tortillas made the dinner great! The salsas were a good variety, I enjoyed the green chili salsa the most. The music reminded me of Santa Fe and northern New Mexico. The only thing missing in my opinion is chili made from Hatch ancho chili pods.  We will be back whenever we are in the area.
Good, Fast, and inexpensive......also great drink specials
Yummy! Fresh, fast and friendly. The homemade salsa bar is awesome. The place is clean. Will have to go back for more!
Stopped by at an odd hour in the afternoon on my "lunch break" at work. There was only one other guy there and the employees, who were friendly and quick to greet me. Had the Mexican tacos with beans and rice. The tacos were great- carne asada- and are just the way I like them, on corn tortillas with lots of cilantro! Kind of wish it had been 3 tacos as I am a big eater, but I was ok with it because I had the beans and rice. The beans and rice are fine- nothing special. Got my food to go and it was fast, grabbed some salsa as sauce for my tacos, the tomatillo was really good! I'm sure they have more a la carte options but I hate restaurants that only have things with prices listed as meals. ie 2 tacos of various kinds listed as different prices (Mexican tacos, American tacos etc). I also disliked that they had BOGO margaritas listed with no price that I could find on the menu. Compared to other restaurants locally with similar food offerings the prices seemed on the higher end and I am willing to pay that- but I like that know what I'm paying in advance, especially when wanting to grab a lunch of 3 different tacos, for example. Otherwise, it's a nice option for lunch!
BEST tacos in all US and Mexico. These tacos taste better then my abeulita Maria's. I could eat these tacos every day if my wife would let me.
Wow this really surprised me. Authentic mexican tacos made with onion and cilantro. Put radishes on it, sprinkle w fresh lime and salt and pour avocado salsa on it. Really realllly good.
The whole family loved it.  The fresh salsa bar is the best and most authentic that I have seen in Jacksonville.  Really liked the carnitas plate.
Found this place thanks to Yelp, so thanks to everyone that has helped me find the best eats in Jax!   Newish to town and looking for some good Mexican food. Yes, there are other good spots between here and the beaches, but they cant touch this place, its the real deal! Friendly and personal service, drink specials, and fresh authentic food. Ole!
My wife and I are new to Jax and are trying varoius places to eat, and Si Senor is a great place to go. The services was great, the people were friendly, and the food was terrific, and fresh tasting. We will definitely be back again. If you like Mexican food, you have to try Si Senor.
Love this place! Best fresh Mexican ever!
Too good to be true!  All day 2 for 1 giant margaritas and the food, AMAZING!!!!
EVERYONE MUST TRY THIS PLACE. Just moved to the jacksonville area and found them because of Yelp. let me start by saying after the first time i tried it i went back the very next day! Although at first glance you may thing this is a "fast food" place you would not be able to tell by the food. The food always comes FRESH, HOT, QUICKLY and DELICOUS! I ordered the Carne Asada Mexican tacos. The steak is cooked perfect and the Guacamole is always fresh! The salsa bar is great and you HAVE to try the pablano salsa.The owner is a really nice guy and makes everyone feel welcome.
I was looking for a new Mexican restaurant and happened to find Si Senor. I'm glad I did. The food is fantastic and the staff is always friendly. I have tried a several of their tacos and have yet to be disappointed. The salsa bar is certain to please with a variety of flavorful salsas from mild to hot. If you are looking for good Mexican food at a reasonable price, look no further! Check out Si Senor...you won't be disappointed!
My wife and I eat there all the time.  We have started bringing friends and now they are hooked on this great food.  I would suggest ordering the chimichanga extra crispy.  I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great Mexican dish.
You folks also gave them a 5 start rating. Well I say YEA THEIR THAT GOOD. I have had some pretty darn good Mexican food here in town but this place just topped the whole restaurant scene here in Jax. We were greeted by a very nice gentleman at the counter when we entered. With further discussion we found out he owned the place. He explained the menu item to us in his heavy Mexican accent and broken english. We looked, we asked questions and then I ordered the tacos one with pork (carnitas) and one with chicken (pollo asada). The wife had the Enchiladas Suizas. We talked to the owner only for a short time finding out that this is his first restaurant and he is from Chicago. I also showed him my Yelp account an he had no idea that there was such a site. I also showed him that the place had the highest rating that they could get and that's why we traveled 25 miles to eat here. When our food arrived it was quite pretty and smelled like Mexican heaven. Now the pork was melt in your mouth tender and the flavors were amazing. I have to get the recipe for this one. The chicken was also as tasty. Now the tacos were stuffed to almost overflowing. There was so much meat on them that there was no picking it up and folding over the tail end. That way nothing falls out. Now the enchiladas were very scrunches nicely spiced and rolled in very soft tortillas and covered with a white creamy mix of tomatillo and queso fresco mixture that just excited your taste buds. I could tell that the owner was very nervous about our opinion of their food and then very happy with our approval of it. I can't wait to return to Si Senor and feast on their little more authentic Real Beef (beef tongue) on fri, sat, if any are left Sunday or the house made torta bread in the very near future either. Maybe lunch today.
I've been here twice,  opting for Mexican tacos both times. While I'm not a fan of the chorizo,  I did enjoy both the carnitas and steak. The tacos aren't loaded down with cheese or lettuce,  and the tortillas taste fresh. The beans are rice are ordinary.  The pricing is good - two tacos and beans and rice for about $7.50 was money well spent .  I like La Nopalera  but the tacos at Si Senor beat those tacos out for flavor,  freshness,  and authenticity.
Very good carne Asada and the chips and salsa were fresh and flavorful. Thy service was also quite good with the server checking in regularly even though this is mainly a self service restaurant. I'll be back
First time here tonight and we will definitely be back. I got the chicken quesadillas and the bf got Mexican tacos with carnitas. There's a salsa bar and BOGO all beers. No complaints. Loved it.
I used to live in the Mission District of San Francisco where Tacos are like mothers milk and available on most every corner.  Si Senors is the real deal.  It smelled like home as soon as I walked in.  I've never seen Mexican in FL thats even in the same league as this place.  My only qualm ? They only have Lengua on weekends.  I'd order it every day if I could.
If you have never had real Mexican food, this is your chance.  This isn't just another commercialized American Tex Mex stop.  The corn tortillas are great.  Try the sope!  These are awesome.  I liked the pulled pork the best.  They have all kinds of meat.  In the middle of strip mall, so a little hard to see from the road.  Well worth slowing down and looking for them.
Once you have finished reading the reviews of Si Senor, head on over to this relatively small restaurant where everything is made from scratch and excellent service is their signature dish.  My wife and i arrived about 7pm on Saturday night. The young girl at the front counter who took our order was friendly and seemed to have a surgically implanted smile on her face.  She was a pleasure.  My wife and I ordered chips and salsa and guac for an appetizer.  The guac was some of the best I have ever eaten.  Both flavorful and fresh.  Chips and salsa are. . . well. . .. .chips and salsa.  Although I ordered the chicken and beef fajitas and got only the beef, I cannot complain.  The marinated beef was excellent and the onions and peppers were not overcooked and soggy.  My wife had two ground beef enchilada which were excellent.  Even the refried beans were from scratch.  This place is a winner!  Just go and enjoy!!
