BEST BREAD PUDDING EVERRRRRRR. Croissant bread pudding with vanilla ice cream, to be more specific. Anyway, the bf and I just went here tonight for the first time and LOVED it. We will be coming back with friends. Summary of our dinner: Appetizer - bread with brie, basil, strawberries, and roasted garlic. Brie was warm and easy to spread (for brie) and had basil pieces sitting on top. Strawberries cut in halves around the brie... roasted garlic was given as a whole cluster and you have to cut it open yourself. Bread was warm and buttery... brie and garlic on butter = delicious. Entree - 8" carne asada pizza, split b/t the two of us. Verrrry good... one of the best pizzas I've had with gourmet toppings. I only ate two slices b/c I already saw the dessert display when we first walked in so I knew I wanted to save room. My bf, on the other hand, finished the rest of the pizza anyway even though he wanted dessert too. Dessert - PHENOMENAL BREAD PUDDING... and delicious pumpkin mousse cake or cheesecake... not sure, but it was good. I was stuffed at this point but my bf and I kept taking turns eating from each others' desserts. We finished the bread pudding and I still had some pumpkin dessert left, but it will be gone after the end of the day tomorrow. =) Spent about $49 with tip. We only drank water. I don't think the price was too bad for a bistro, taking into account that we got two desserts instead of sharing one. Well one dessert was $8 and the other was $8.50, so that added up pretty quickly....... oops... Anyway. Bread pudding.
Great Food, Ambiance and Service in historic Riverside section of Jax.    Upscale appetizers, sandwiches and gourmet pizzas at modest prices.   Try the Sweet Potato Red Pepper Soup, it's amazing.   Great Wine selection and Homemade Deserts.   If you are by yourself, you can sit at the bar for quicker service,,,
I had lunch at Biscottis yesterday with a couple colleagues and I'm still thinking about it. I'm genuinely upset that I didn't finish my dessert or take it to go. It's a cute place, bigger than I expected, and very busy. I like that there was enough room between tables that it didn't seem like you were sitting with the people at the next table. The service was good, we were never left waiting for anything. My Thai chicken salad was delicious. I'm not exactly sure how they cooked the chicken, it was very flavorful and falling apart tender. The mango salsa on top went perfectly with it. It was very good. The desserts. Oh my, the desserts. I'm usually not a big dessert fan, but these were oh so very good. We had a piece of some chocolate torte topped with a mixed nut and caramel concoction. It was wonderful. It was the perfect blend of sweet and salty. The nuts were piled about 3 inches high on the chocolate torte. We also ordered a piece of the peanut butter mousse pie. It was also absolutely delicious. It wasn't a strong peanut butter taste, it was just right and the texture of the mousse was perfect. There is no chance my future trips to Jacksonville won't include a meal at Biscottis.
I am in love with Biscottis' classic chocolate cake... Now that's out of the way, ok, I am a fan of Biscottis for other stuff too.  I actually remember Biscottis back in the 90s, when a friend of mine introduced me to this restaurant.  I remember really enjoying the food, but for whatever reason, never did return to the restaurant until a few weeks ago.  So after my recent visit, I kick myself for all the missed opportunities for great meals and desserts. My recent trip, I tried their roasted salmon with warm lentil salad.  I am not a salad person.  This is my weak attempt to try and eat healthier.  And I was in love with that salad.  We also tried the quiche.  Which was delicious.  But the bread pudding and the classic chocolate cake were to die for.... I ordered a whole classic chocolate cake for my husband's birthday this year.... but the reality of it is, it was a gift for myself... (yes, I did say I was trying to eat healthier... but I also said "weak attempt")
Made a reservation on Sunday for brunch, and unfortunately still had to wait a good 15 minutes before getting seated. Entrees were definitely on the mediocre side (eggs benedict and breakfast burrito), but the hits were the brushetta and croissant bread pudding. Definitely get both of these! I would come here just for the bread pudding all over again! Extremely spacious restaurant, and great for groups and families.
So good. Went with a friend here for lunch. The wait was a bit long, but it was Saturday lunch so I let it slide. The wait was made better/worse by the delicious display of desserts in the front case. Cakes, bread pudding, creme brulee - I die. I ordered the turkey burger with tabbouleh and black bean hummus on foccacia bread. It was inventive and delicious. The pesto pasta salad on the side was fresh, creamy, and the prefect texture with broccoli and pine nuts.  My lunching lady-friend had the atlantic cod sandwich. It came with fresh sweet potato chips and apple-dill coleslaw. I sampled both and all tasted great. I was happy with the service and the food was yummy. They had a wine list and coffee list that made me want to come back. A definite must if you are lunching/brunching/dining or looking for something great in Jacksonville.
Great for breakfast, lunch, dinner or even just dessert.  My husband and I have gone here a few times for lunch and dinner, and maybe twice for breakfast.  It's sort of kid friendly, but I usually err on the side of caution and just get a sitter.  (The do have really cool looking highchairs and a simple kids menu it's just not the type of place I would usually want to bring my preschooler or toddler... though I have).   Besides making delicious main courses and side, Biscottis is know in the area for their dessert selection.  SOOOO if you are on a diet, I would suggest walking in blind folded.  There is a refrigerated display case as soon as you walk in the door with 3 or 4 shelves full of cakes, pies, torts, etc... They also offer a decent selection of beers and wines, as well as espresso and coffee drinks.   The other thing I love is their commitment to making things right.  The last time we went the food was so-so, after trying to make things right, the manager offered us credit to come back and try them again.  Now THAT's great service.   The cost varies... You can definitely get out of there for under $15/person but I have also spent $50+/person too.  So know your budget before heading in.  Great place to take a date.
Consistently fresh, good quality food with great service.
Favorite Brie app in town! Soooo good, and the goat cheese salad is to die for. As if that wasn't enough you have to try the salted caramel cake, nommmmmm!
The service is impeccable, the portions are generous and the food is fabulous!   I especially love the Sweet Potato Red Pepper Soup and any cake they make!  Seriously any cake they make, they have some of the best you'll find in Jacksonville!
We recently had the opportunity to visit Biscottis in the Riverside/Avondale portion of Jacksonville.  While we can't say it was perfect, Biscottis has some decent entrees and amazing desserts.  The restaurant is located in the midst of a quaint, suburban neighborhood and is within walking distance of local favorites: Brick and Blue Fish.  On the weekends, it's common to see locals strolling the sidewalks and hanging out in the nearby art galleries.  The result is a truly local feel that many diners will enjoy. Biscottis--not to be confused its sister restaurant b.b.'s--was founded two women in 1993 and started out as a small restaurant/coffee house.  It was recently expanded to a mid-sized restaurant.  Biscottis has been featured in the New York Times travel section as one of four best restaurants in Jacksonville, according to the restaurant's website. Interior/Ambiance/Decor: 4/5 On a Friday night we did have some difficulty finding parking.  The Avondale area was relatively crowded with an eclectic mix of young and old.  We enjoyed walking along the street and looking at the various shops and art along the way.  Please note: Biscottis does not take reservations so if you're coming in on the weekends you might want to try coming in before 7pm. Inside, the restaurant's decor is relatively casual with Greek-style tile on the floors and cherry wood tables.  We sat in the bar, which is separated from the main dining room by a wall.  This area seems like more of a continuation of the dining room rather than a separate room. Like other restaurants in the area, Biscottis is in an old building with exposed brick walls.  These aspects create a down-home atmosphere that stays casual but still feels classy. Drinks: 3/5 We love Cabernet at Jacksonville Fine Dining Examiner and we were a bit disappointed with the available Cabs by the glass at Biscottis.  They have Louis Martini, Napa ($9 glass) which is a solid, everyday wine but it's also one you can buy at Publix for about $13-15 a bottle.  They had some featured wines on the night of our visit and we ordered a glass of the Arrowood Cabernet from Sonoma.  This wine was ok but not great and had an inordinate amount of spice. Food: 4/5 Biscottis' food rating probably would have been a 3 except that the desserts are exceptional and consequently, this bumped up the rating.  Before we talk about desserts, let's first discuss the appetizers and entrees.  For starters, we ordered the cheese plate.  This came with strawberries and some delicious French Bread that was both hot and soft.  Next, we ordered the andouille crusted grouper off the special menu.  This entree came with rice and wilted spinach.  While it wasn't horrible, this dish was pretty salty and definitely did not top the andouille crusted shutome at Roy's. Now, about the desserts.  When you enter Biscottis, it's hard to miss the large dessert case that's filled with about 15 different cakes and pastries.  A designated waiter will give you the "dessert tour" if you express interest in an after dinner treat.  This tour is necessary because there's so many different cakes to choose from.  These include the rocky road cake and coconut/vanilla cake pictured above.  The desserts are so good that we noticed some patrons coming in solely for cakes and coffee! Service: 3/5 Our server was friendly but seemed somewhat distracted during the meal.  He kept sitting down and talking to the patron that was sitting next to us.  All the while our drinks weren't being filled.  The bill also took a while to reach the table. Despite these shortcomings, Biscottis is a nice place to go for a casual dinner in Avondale.  If you want nice ambiance and great desserts then this is your place.  If you want upscale fine dining then try something like Azurea, Eleven South, or Salt.
WORST customer service I've experienced in a very long time. Not once, not twice, but three times coming to Biscottis the waitstaff was either inattentive or down right rude. On the first occasion I wanted to order carry-out and was ignored by every wait person that walked by...just as I was about to walk out after waiting 15 minutes someone finally took my order, and yet I felt like he was doing me a personal favor. The second time the waiter was very inattentive. He also kept my credit card and acted like it was my fault. Today I went back because they seriously have the BEST coconut cake and its my mom's birthday and that is her favorite. There was no coconut cake in the case, much to our disappointment, so we asked if they maybe had some in the back. The waiter said, no, if they had it, it would be out. So, we decided on something else. The waiter helping us was not friendly, and again I felt like he was doing us a favor. A lady came in behind us and also asked for coconut cake. A waitress told her she would go in the kitchen and check if they had any. Sure enough, the waitress brings a box out with coconut cake. Long story short, we got our coconut cake, but our waiter was a jerk and it looked like he threw the slices into the box. I give this place 2 stars because the cake is soooooo good, but the service is so bad we are not going back.
I have a hard time giving a restaurant 5 starts based on 1 dining experience. Things would have to be perfect and they almost never are. But this place certainly deserves a good 4 star rating. I started with wine because it is required in the constitution someplace. A petite sirah. Very good. Reasonable price based on the quality and establishment. I worked up to a chicken satay. Wrong wine choice for the satay because it came with a red chili paste, but that was my fault. The chicken was well cooked with nice flavor. Maybe a tad overdone. Sorry for saying tad. The peanut sauce was good and the appetizer overall very satisfying. Another glass of wine. Still good. Another glass ... going to a white. Still good but the menu on the wall and the printed menu have 2 different prices. Got charged the higher price. Could have argued this but didn't, not that big a deal in life. Now the salmon BLT sandwich. The sandwich came with a side of mixed greens. That was fine, except the dressing was very limited in taste. A little too light of a dressing, a little more flavor here would be appreciated. Its mixed greens folks. They have no flavor, they are just the medium to get the flavor of the dressing to the mouth. Not that you want a heavy dressing here, but it currently needs more. The sandwich was very good. I liked the toasted bread which seemed locally made. The salmon was good, a bit small on the portion. The bacon was very good. Overall a good meal. I didn't have room for desert, which likely was too bad. They looked great and many people were coming in to bring some home. Instead I opted for a Latte. It was not very good, too watery. They had a fancy $3000 latte makin machine, learn how to use it! Starbucks or Dunkin way better. But a latte ain't why I came nor is it going to ruin the place. Just go someplace else on the way home for the caffine fix. Overall I would go back, skip the appetizer (and latte) and go for the desert.
I have been eating at Biscottis since I had teeth.  I have grown up there and as I have gotten older I have found more and more to love at Biscottis.  I have seen them grow, both literally and figuratively, as they expanded to keep up with the local demand.  All of their food is delicious and the staff is amazing.  Whenever I come home from school I have to visit at least three times.  Their appetizers make perfect dinners, but the sandwiches, salads, and pizzas are made to be both classy and yummy.  The iced tea is something even my father has to drink- a strict 'diet coke only' man.  The desserts are very good and made by Biscottis' own bakery.  While I do miss the desserts they used to bring over from the French Pantry, the new desserts are still very delectable.   It might be a little loud, but it is somewhere you must stop in and try.  I recommend it to everyone who comes to town.
Phenomenal!! Having already had my mind blown by sister restaurant, bb's, I was fully expecting culinary fireworks when I showed up to Biscottis for a late Saturday brunch. Well, fireworks I got! My friend and I snagged a table outside so that we could enjoy the beautiful weather and people-watching on adorable St. Johns Ave. I went with an OJ and the Cajun Seafood Benedict... Man. SO good. I religiously order my benedicts with hollandaise on the side because there is nothing worse than a perfectly good meal ruined by an overpour of poorly made sauce. Well, the precaution wasn't necessary here. This hollandaise was how God and nature intended it! Creamy, flavorful and, above all, complimentary to the dish. I ended up dumping the whole side onto my benedict with complete abandon after one taste. The seafood was swimmingly fresh and the eggs poached perfectly. My side of homefries was generous and cooked until crisp and golden brown. Just yum! Service here was great. Friendly, quick and professional. I was so stuffed by the time I finished, and I knew I had to get the check quick before I ordered a dessert. (Biscottis is FAMOUS for their desserts) I've had the Croissant Bread Pudding at bb's before, and it was already calling my name from the display case inside. No! No! NO! Must. get. out. of. here. I'll be back for more though, no question.
We tried Biscotti's for Sunday brunch. They appeared to be pretty busy but the host sat us nearly immediately. The food was very good. I had the crème brûlée fresh toast and loved it! We also ordered mimosas and bellinis that were delicious. I preferred the Bellini. Service was just, okay. Not mind blowing, and not bad- just...Ehh!
I don't understand why everyone here likes this horrible place.   I went there for brunch during the week and food was pathetic for a place that EVERYONE HERE THINKS IS GOOD?  Maybe its different on weekends? For the amount you pay and what you get are two different things. Save your money and go to Brick restaurant across the street.   Food was terrible for the money you pay.  At least I can say I went here ONCE and will never go back.
My husband and I went to Biscotti's for dessert. I was impressed with the selection of desserts. I chose the triple chocolate cake. My husband ordered the bread pudding. My slice of cake was huge! It was pretty tasty as well. I don't like bread pudding, but my husband said that it was delicious. He was very impressed that it was made with croissants. He said that it added extra "yummy-ness". We also ordered hot chocolate with whip cream. It could have used a little more sugar, but it looked fantastic! I believe that our bill came to be around twenty-something dollars. Well worth it! We will definitely be back! Next time I want to try some of their sandwiches....and dessert, of course!
Biscotti's is the perfect brunch spot! It is located on St John's Avenue in beautiful Avondale & is walking distance to many shops/boutiques. They have delicious mimosa's, peach bellini's and a great wine selection for all you boozey-brunchers. One of my favorites at Biscotti's is the goat cheese salad. The goat cheese is encrusted in pumpkin seeds and the salad comes with a warm roll & raspberry dressing. I have also had the chicken salad, vegetarian omelette & stuffed foccacia here. All were delicious. This spot is visually appealing, too, as  is decorated with local art. As a matter of fact, the dessert case looks like art itself! There are many homemade cakes & treats to eat in or take home. I highly recommend visiting Biscotti's.
4.5 (((delicious))) stars! Biscottis is in my Jacksonville Top 5 (along with Orsay, Palm Valley Fish Camp, Culhane's Irish Pub and Pinegrove Deli -- but that's for the cuban sandwich). Consistently delightful. The pizzas are amazing and perfectly priced ($10-$12). My favorite is the proscuitto, artichoke heart and asiago. The proscuitto is chopped into matchsticks and the artichoke hearts are huge and plentiful. A mound of marinated chopped tomatoes are in the center. The crust is crunchy at the edges and firm enough to support the toppings. Love their balsamic dressing to dip. Our favorite starter is the asian battered fish fingers, dipped in a light tempura batter and served with an amazing sweet chili garlic cilantro sauce. The baked brie and mozzarella bruschetta are winners too. Great soups and salads. Fabulous specials and entrees. But...the best part... ...is DESSERT. Most wonderful dessert case in town, hands down. My favorite is the cappucino mousse. It's not a cake or a pie but it's tall and creamy and delicious. Love the peanut butter pie and their oreo one. They're huge - enough for sharing. The service is outstanding and the atmosphere is cozy -- the art on the walls, the tile floors, brick walls, and huge windows looking out onto St. Johns Avenue. WAY better in all areas (most importantly the food) than across-the-way neighbor, The Brick.
I usually try not to be so generous with my ratings but the places I've tried during my time thus far in Jacksonville have all been great and I would go back to. Having said that, Biscottis is a charming and cute bistro in Avondale. Nice place for sunday brunch. I like their lunch menu though it is a bit pricey especially their pastries and desserts. I keep hearing how good their pizzas are and will have to try that next time. But the grilled turkey burger with black been hummus was amazing!
Best breakfast place I've ever been too.  We were in town for the Florida-Georgia game and on the way out of town had to get some breakfast.  After looking at the pictures and reviews we choose this place and were not disapointed. I had the cajun eggs benedict and it was amazing.  The only thing I wish is that the eggs weren't cooked as much.  They have fresh squeezed orange juice which is really good.  They charge for refills on soda so watch out there.  They have a breakfast menu and a lunch menu and both look amazing.  I had to stick with the breakfast as those were most of the reviews I read. The only downside was the service our appetizer sat on the counter for a while as the server was washing dishware behind the bar. If you are in the area make this a stop and plan some extra time to walk around the shops and bars near by.
After reading all of the rave reviews about Biscottis, I took a trip to Avondale one early afternoon to see for myself. The reviews were consistent enough, especially when it came to the desserts, so I figured why not. As you walk in, there it is. The infamous dessert case. Stacked with cheesecakes and cakes infused with various fillings, frostings, and the like. YUM....however...I skipped breakfast with the intention of doing the "brunch at 11am" thing, so at that point, I was ravenously craving a hearty meal. First off, the ambiance is nice. Not too dark or bright, the walls adorned with pieces for sale from local artists, and the tables weren't too close or crammed together, which is always a plus in my book. The waiter? Didn't think to look for a name badge, but he was top notch. Impeccable service without being overbearing. These things alone bumped the rating up from 2 stars to 3, since atmosphere AND service together in the same joint are a rarity these days. The menu? Surprisingly small....I kept turning it over in hopes that perhaps I missed something on the other side. Nope. Its just small. I opted for the meatloaf sandwich, which was open faced on focaccia bread topped with mozzarella and apricot marinara. Sounded hearty enough, although I asked for the sauce on the side. I love my meatloaf dripping with thick brown gravy. I also love meatloaf with a shiny ketchup glaze. But "apricot marinara?" And unfortunately I was right. The sauce was SWEET. And not in a good way. Not complimentary to the dish at all. I actually ended up dipping my bites into the ketchup that came with my fries. And the meatloaf...if you can call it that...how do I say this?...Its like biting into a crabcake with only 20% crab. Alot of fillers going on. And its hard for me to imagine ANY establishment, let alone one with such stellar reviews, messing up a meatloaf. Spinach, onions, and whatever else I saw...meh. No sustenance...no heartiness, which is what I craved in the first place. Maybe it was a clear case of the "wrong day," because two ladies at a nearby table sent their bruschetta back because the olive oil tasted "rancid." Oh well, my luck.  On the way out I was going to order a selection from the dessert case to go, but there were several people in front of the case full of indecision and only 1 employee, so maybe next time...if there is one.
Biscotti's may very possibly be the first little gourmet bistro in all of Jacksonville. Now, I don't know that for a fact, but I do know that I grew up in Jacksonville and for years that was one of the only places I knew of that offered that kind of cuisine. It is definitely a mainstay in the Avondale/Riverside/Downtown/San Marco area [it has a broad reach]. Now that a lot of these restaurants have sprouted up all over the city, it's lost a bit of its luster, but not it's appeal. This is still one of the most reliably delicious meals you can get in this city. Top choices: The Goat Cheese Salad. Pumpkin seed encrusted goat cheese patties served with mixed baby greens, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, and strawberries and served with a raspberry vinaigrette. It is amazing. Hands down one of the best salads I have ever eaten in my life. The Rock Shrimp pizza is also a worthy contender in the what to order battle. It is what it claims to be, a shrimp pizza. And it is fantastic. The specials are different every night and they usually have three or so entrees to choose from, which always include your standard Pasta dish, Fish dish, and Meat dish. Always gourmet. Always good. But honestly, the most spectacular thing about this place are the desserts. They make all their own desserts in house and you might never taste a better piece of cake in all your life. There are usually about 12 different varieties to choose from. A piece of cake and some of their delicious cappuccino and you will be set. I would go so far as to say they could even stop serving everything but the dessert and still keep up substantial business. Don't miss this spot. It's a must enjoy.
At first, we sat down and i noticed the brunch menu. it was $8 for a mimosa, which was a bit of a sticker shock, till I saw the large red wine glass filled to the brim with pimps and OJ! perfect and a deal since most places serve in champagne flutes for just a few bucks less. Great little place! We stopped in for Brunch yesterday and i have to say i was quite impressed with the food. Everything on everyone's plate looked delicious. My plate was no less scrumptious! Had the ham, egg, and cheese croissant  with home fries and fresh fruit. Everything was super fresh and tasty. The home fries could have used some seasoning (they were good well cooked potatoes none the less) IMHO, even with that aside, it was a fabulous meal! I would recommend this to anyone with a hankering for some brunch and a love of desserts! the dessert case was a treat to the eyes, we got an order of the bread pudding to go, and throughly enjoyed it at home with some vanilla ice cream. The place has a nice atmosphere, with a lively bunch of people chatting away and a open well lit main floor space and outside bistro seating. Local art on the walls, which is always a nice thumbs up! Hope you enjoy it as much as i did!
My cousin said this is one of her favorite places to go to...And now I know why! Loved it! We all decided to just share different appetizers: -Brie with roasted garlic that melted like butter- yuuuum (my favorite) -Chicken Sate- yum again- (my cousin's favorite) -Crab and artichoke dip- yummy -Steak salad- they said it was yum- (I don't do the red meat thing ;) All of this with a fine bottle of Sauvignon Blanc- delish Cute and quaint, I will definitely be back for more! I gave it a 4 stars since it's my first time here. :) 5 stars should be given if I had been here more often and if it's track record is consistent.
Great service and great food! Try the goat cheese salad. Also, amazing desert selection!
OMG!!! I lived in jacksonville about 5 years ago and ate here all the time(as in once or twice a week). I went today for brunch with my best friend who just moved to jacksonville. She had the fried egg sandwich with fruit salad and bacon. She adored it. The bacon was YUMMY!! Tasted like bacon she said and not like salt like most bacon tasted like. I had the Grilled Foccia sandwich and it was as good as I remember. I'm still thinking about it back in atlanta. We then shared a dessert. We ordered the pineapple upside down cheesecake and both were in a food coma after we at the whole thing(even though we just both wanted a taste). We also had awesome mimosas and coffee. Even the coffee was outstanding. I can't wait till i'm back in jax for a visit and eat here again.
Try the bread pudding with vanilla ice cream phenomenal!  Good coffee, good food and service.
As good as it gets. American with an Italian influence at reasonable prices. They have a great wine list and a cold case full of wonderful desserts just inside the front door. There's also a light menu good for bistro style lunches and a summer dinner.   We showed up around 6pm for dinner. Not terribly busy. The atmosphere was perfect. Exposed brick and stained woods with rustic tabletops. They even have a great space for larger parties. We each had a different entree from the community menu: $25 for app, entree and either a dessert or glass of wine. I had a red pepper and tomato soup to start that was rich and velvety with a little sprinkle of Parmesan on top. Next was the creamy mushroom risotto with chicken and spinach. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Rich al dente texture with a balance of the earthy mushrooms and smokey chicken. I had a glass of Pinot Noir that was great. Very smooth and lighter than most of the variety I have had. Paired well. We all shared a piece of mixed berry cake. Light, fluffy and beautiful. Go today, you'll be glad you did.
I LOVE YOU BISCOTTIS....and I will miss you.  :-( The wine list is moderately priced, and the desserts (my entire reason for loving it here) are RIDICULOUS!  The tiramisu is creamy, not too sweet, and a great way to end a stressful week!  I love the atmosphere, and the server we had was fun and friendly, as well as knowledgeable. If I ever make it back to Jax, I'm definitely heading to Biscottis!
Love this place! The inside is so cute and inviting. The walls are covered in local artist's masterpieces. There are always fresh flowers on the countertops. It is small and cozy. The service is top notch. The daily menu has suggestions for appetizers, and wine pairings. The last time I went here we ordered the Brie cheese and garlic, and the bruschetta. The Brie is warm and melty. The garlic is semi sweet and pairs perfectly with Brie and toasted bread. The bruschetta is dripping with fresh mozzarella cheese and covered in fresh tomatoes, basil and pine nuts. For the main dish I ordered the Mahi Mahi which was fresh, light and crispy on the outside. It was served over pesto risotto with fresh asparagus (mmmm). Finally dessert, there is a large glass case filled with mouth watering desserts. Sure to please all palates. My personal favorite is the Bananas Foster Cheesecake and a nice hot cup of coffee. You definitely to try this place!
It does not matter if your looking for brunch, lunch, or dinner you can't go wrong at Biscottis.  They have the BEST chocolate cake in town hands down.  They actually have two variations and both are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!   Their food always taste fresh and the service is on the money.  It can get crowded as its a smaller place during crunch time but the wait is worth it when the food and dessert is this darn good.  The mozzarella bruschetta is a favorite of mine.  Their pink lemonade is also worth checking out.
I was treated to this place via my in-laws, and what a treat it was! I had the breakfast burrito (at 12 PM! on a Sunday) and it was delicious and filling. If that weren't enough, there are two side options. One of my choices was the cheesy grits, which were phenomenal! Great food, great location. A must try
Best Oreo cake ever.  I wish I could elaborate on and on about this place, but I simply stopped in for a desert to to, and was in and out quickly. What I can say is that the selection was amazing, and it was a tough choice of which cake to take home.  But once I decided the guy behind the counter was quick and really nice in getting me out of there, as the place was packed. Just thinking of the cake I want to go running back, but the drive from Miami hinders that a bit too much.
Biscotti's was very very good!  I really enjoyed MOST of the food....  We got the steak salad and the BBQ chicken Pizza.  Pizza was eh...I wish we would have ordered something different, there was a taste we could not recognize that did not sit well, but again, that was just mine and my husband's taste.  THE CARROT CAKE WAS AMAAAAZING!!!!  Order it!    The reason I gave this 3 instead of 4 stars was that when I got there I mentioned to the host that this was the first date me and my husband had been on in like 8 months because we finally got a sitter and had some free time and he sat us right next to a table FULL of loud whiny children.  Awesome! *sarcasm*    But besides that it was great ! ! ! !
This is a very trendy place to eat.  The quality of the food is outstanding.  I ordered the Biscottis Omelet however I received the vegetarian omelet. It was good enough that I didn't notice until I had eaten half of it. It was very good.   The only draw back is the laissez faire attitude of the waiter how ever I will reserve judgment for now and just assume Connor D is a mediocre waiter.   This is worth a stop for breakfast as long as you aren't shooting for traditional American eggs, bacon, and pancakes.
Good food. Nice location.
The brunch menu has plenty to choose from. There were three individuals in our party and we all ordered something different. My Fried Egg Sandwich was the best by far, the focaccia bread made the sandwich stand out from any fried egg sandwich I've had before. Atmosphere was nice for a Sunday morning.
Warm tuna sandwich is delish and possibly my favorite sandwich in town!! I also love the baked brie.  I remember coming here for it for the first time in 1993 or 94 when there was just the tiny front room.  I love how the space and the menu have grown! I can never leave without checking out the dessert case, even though I usually have no room for sweets after the meal. Have also had the Creme Brulee french toast at brunch - very sweet but excellent. This is a perfect spot to meet up w/friends, or to have a nice little date - love this place!
.
First time here.  The setting is very artsy, with paintings on the walls.  It is a very plesant vibe, and a great place to go for lunch.  I ordered the Mandarin Salad, and it was delicious.
Great food, great service, perfect ambiance.  The brochettes are the best and the Thai chicken salad is delicious.
Great consistent menu with attention to seasonality and flawless service, every time. The greatest part about this place other than their awesome flavors and desserts, is their ability to make you feel welcome to not only the restaurant, but the historic Avondale atmosphere. The "come as you are" attitude is my favorite part about this place. Relax and enjoy. Enough said.
Ahhh, a Saturday morning brunch in Avondale.  The place was busy but worth the wait.  Everyone was so pleasant and the staff was so courteous that I already loved this place before I even ate a bite.  We ordered the creme brulee french toast and the cajun seafood benedict.  Both were absolutely delicious!  The orange honey and marscarpone cheese drizzled over the french toast was divine and the  flavor mix from the seafood variety sitting atop the pastry with the citrus hollandaise was incredible.  So, I know you're thinking - if you loved it that much, why didn't you give it five stars?  Well, there was one misstep...the potatoes.  The first batch was cold but our server was so generous that he brought us out another batch.  Unfortunately, they were no better piping hot.  They were grossly underseasoned.  But, all in all, this was a great brunch experience!
Been here four times; This is in Avondale on St. Johns. Ave.;.Great place for breakfast, OK for lunch or otherwise...super desserts, nice  ambiance.  Best Omelet ever had in JAX area!  Try their meatloaf for lunch; very nice too.  The name outside fronting street just Say's Biscotti's.  Also has small cafe tables for sidewalk seating.........
This place is great.  I've now eaten here two times and figured I'd add to their list of positive reviews; they deserve it.  At both visits I had terrific service and I think the atmosphere is perfect for a moderately priced, slightly upscale but still casual restaurant.  It would be perfect for a date night.   The first time I went in was for lunch on the weekend and I had the chicken salad wrap.  I don't even really like chicken salad that much, but figured I'd give it a shot as I read another review saying it was very good.  It was great and it has made me a chicken salad convert.  I also had a slice of their German chocolate cake.  It's easily big enough for two, or maybe three to share and was very moist.  Heaven.   I went the second time for dinner and my partner and I shared the jerk rubbed pork tenderloin for an appetizer.   I had the sea scallops with risotto for an entree.  Both were wonderful and the risotto, in particular, was perfectly creamy and yet still firm.  I'll definitely be returning to this place and I recommend that you try it too!
The most consistent place in town to have a nice dinner. Ordered as the starter as ALWAYS the bruschetta !  Two glasses of wine and For mains we had the steak tips and the pork chop tonight special . Wonderful reduced  sauce and veg mix. Bread pudding with ice cream as a pleasant ending!
Have eaten there dozens of times and its consistently good.
They have always been my favorite. Try the Turkey salad or the Avondale Pizza..yum. I deducted a star because even though it is posh and in a high-end neighborhood. I have found the staff to have their noses a bit "in the air' ..sorry just being honest.
Disappointed is an understatement! We have been looking forward to eating at Biscottis since we have moved back to Jacksonville a couple of months ago, however our expectations did not meet our experience. My wife and I started with the Mediterranean Trio appetizer. Terrible, you could tell that the tapenade, hummus, were either from a jar or made days in advance and sat in the back of the refrigerator as it was near frozen.  What they called Naan and flatbread, was obviously from a package and nuked prior to coming to the table as it had a gummy texture, the flatbread was stale. We ordered two of the specials, the Leek Crusted Grouper, and the Snapper. The Grouper dish was served with french fried potatoes and a roasted scallion. The fish was not crusted as much as it was slathered with a liquidy mess, the potatoes were cold and raw, and the scallion was nice, but nearly impossible to eat with just a fork. Bad. The Snapper was slightly better but still disappointing. The Triple chocolate cake and Illy Cappuccino were nice and bumped it to 2 vs 1 star. My advice would be to eat off the house menu or just go for dessert. I will post an update after we give it another try.
Biscotti's is a solid choice in the Avondale are. Took my boyfriend here for brunch yesterday. Everything was fresh and tasty, but in a forgettable way. I do love their pesto pasta salad however. Jax is still lacking an impressive brunch venue in my opinion.
I adore this place. Perfect little place for brunch or lunch. The brunch cocktails are delicious. Coming from New Orleans, brunch is a must have on Sundays. Everything on the menu is packed with flavor. And the dessert case emits a delicious ora. I had the ancho honey glazed salmon blt for lunch. The glazed on that salmon was profound.
The food was delicious, and the price was excellent. The hostess were very friendly and helpful when asked for recommendations of nightlife in Jacksonville.
My favorite chicken salad in town! They add Havarti dill to the wrap, and the tossed salad is great. Had the dessert more recently (flour less Rocky Road cake) and there was magic bursting forth in my mouth. It is a small venue, with barely any parking nearby during lunch, but worth the hassle.
There are few things I love more than Saturday morning brunch. When a restaurant gets brunch right, I'll always come back. This Saturday brunch is some of the best I've had in Jacksonville. The bar is beer and wine only, and they offer mimosas and bellini's for brunch. The serving sizes for food and beverages are generous, and the menu is interesting and innovative. I love the location (right on the strip in Avondale), and the artwork displayed throughout the restaurant is beautiful.
their changing dinner menu kills their lunch menu, but everything is ah-may-zing. they have this pesto pasta salad which is to die for. I've never had anything less than delicious from biscottis. it's my favorite place in jacksonville.
Yum!!  This restaurant has a pretty wide variety on its menu so there should be something there for everyone.  I have been in for lunch and dinner and both were very good.  More importantly, their desserts are to die for!!
A classic Jacksonville favorite. It is a place that you always leave satisfied. There are so many great choices to choose from (it's okay to switch it up). It is a date restaurant, a family restaurant, a catch up with friend's restaurant, a birthday spot, a place to have a good meal. And always leave room for dessert. If you can help it.
Really don't know how I have never written a review on Biscotti's. I've been dining there since college days. The food is consistently good. Love their salads and pizzas! Casual dinner, Saturday/Sunday brunch and late night dessert/coffee visits have set the scene to many great memories with special people in my life.
Had brunch here.  It was very tasty and the atmosphere is very pleasant.  The waitress was nice and I really have no complaint about this place other than the price.  Just expect to spend about $20+ per person when you're here and you'll be fine.
This is a Jacksonville staple for me. I don't make it here often though, but when I do, it is always delicious! Make sure you save room for desert!
Great place perfectly suited for the avondale atmosphere. Food is delicious and options unique. If you want delicious, great atmosphere and not a typical chain.. go here..Everything I have had here, appetizers, different dishes, desserts, have all been fantastic.
I ate here in January of 2009 with a group of friends. We had several items from the menu and they were all delicious. I know Biscotti's is known for its desserts but the entrees are also delicious, as are the appetizers. Biscotti's has a nice adult atmosphere and is usually pretty crowded, but not packed.
Goat Cheese Salad and dessert of any kind.  That's all I'm saying.
Great Brunch!! Very busy so you must get there right around 11am to avoid a 15 min or greater wait time. Also tried their dessert: Coconut cake, so light and fluffy!!
Had a wonderful lunch there.  Very unique menu!
Beef tenderloin special was cooked perfectly.  I tried the goat cheese salad, and the sweet dressing was not a favorite, but this will probably be great for the right person.  Wine list is amazing.  Oddly, my stomach was pretty upset after the meal, but the meal was great.  Service is prompt and attentive.
Everything I've ordered here has been amazing, the waiters are knowledgeable and friendly, and the desserts are serendipitous. Salmon BLT and the other fish sandwich were both delicious, the pineapple upside down cheesecake was good, but the coconut cake was my absolute favorite.  Friends have had the soups and some of the meat specials and they all rave about them:-)  Great place for a first date or a special dinner as well.
This was the last restaurant dinner I had before moving across the country, and I wish I'd visited Biscotti's more because it was hands down the best restaurant I'd been to in the city. Our waiter was great, gave us lots of privacy and time. We spent a good bit of time at our table and never felt rushed. The food and atmosphere were great, the desserts were amazing. I really hope i can visit again the next time I am in town.
This is a cute place located on St. John's Avenue near The Brick and Peterbrook chocolates. I have not eaten here for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I have only been here for coffee and dessert. The desserts are to die for. I have had the strawberry cheesecake and the carrot cake. Each of the pieces were too large for one person to eat so a romantic night out with someone you want to share dessert with this would definitely be sat the top of my list. The setting is somewhat rustic, but the service is good. Parking can be a bit rough as there is street parking. But even a mile walk and you won't be disappointed coming here.
Amazing food in the very cute Avondale area. Went for brunch on Sunday and got a fried egg sandwich on foccacia with spinach and tomato, with sides of cheese grits and bacon.  Fiancee had creme brulee french toast with fruit and potatoes. GO HERE! You will have awesome food.
Staff was friendly, food was of the best in Jax (haven't been here terribly long but still!). We got the salmon BLT and snapper salad special. Coffee was also very good!
I don't see this as a five star place..the food was "alright'..in fact I was thinking Foxes was probably better tasting than this..I don't like how it's set up-you feel like you're eating on top of eachother and you feel crammed. If you have to go to the ladies room-and there is a line...you are literally standing there in front of someone's table. Ive eaten many places in my life, and this is a place that is luke warm in my book.
I definitely have liked everything I've ever ordered or tried from other people's plates here. My pick would be the half soup and sandwich combo that comes with a greens salad, and get the roasted red pepper soup and tuna salad sandwich.  The desserts are noteworthy, but don't make the repeated mistake I've made in the past and let a six-year-old girl make the dessert choice for the table without running it by the adults first, or else you'll end up with some crazy Oreo pie or something that I assume she thought looked magical. Also, it was pointed out to me that they have a rug with the Biscotti's logo in the women's bathroom. Like why not just have a pretty rug with a design on it in there instead of something that makes your restaurant looked kind of franchised?
Bellinis...Mimosas...got my vote:)  They had a delicious menu for non-gluten free diners but my veggie omelette was yum-licious!
The food was good, not great.  the service was good, but the restaurant was so loud, with four of us sitting at a square table for dinner on a Friday night, we had to shout to talk to each other.  And to make matters worse, the kitchen staff was throwing metal pans about.  I would certainly recommend BiBi's (their other restaurant) over this location.  When we left we were releaved that we could walk out of the noise.  Not a good experience and we certainly will not be going back.
As a frequent visitor to Jacksonville, we have developed a few favorite restaurants and Biscottis is one of them. The specials menu changes twice a week and always offers several outstanding choices using seasonal ingredients. After dinner, be sure to have a tour of the desert case as you will be overwhelmed with the decadent choices. Try to help them help you by zeroing in on a general type of desert and then prepare to be blown away. Even if you don't have dinner here, come for the deserts. We always take home half of our entree's and over half of the desert to enjoy later.  If you come on a Friday or Saturday night after 6, make a reservation and be prepared to search for a parking spot. Weeknights and before 6 on Friday or Saturday is never a problem.The Avondale neighborhood has a homey feel and there are other alternate good restaurants within a couple of blocks. We are repeatedly drawn back to Biscottis and have always been thrilled with that decision.
Great place!!! Food is amazing, staff is friendly, ambience is nice.. No COMPLAINTS! Recommended!!!! If you go you must try the quesadillas , the portobello sandwich and the bread pudding! It is to die forrrrr!!!!
Great food and great wine!
Amazing, amazing shrimp pizza. Possibly the best I've had in my life. Restaurant has a great vibe and is open late. We found it on Yelp and are so glad we came. Great meal!
I went there for brunch and this place exceeded my expectations. The atmosphere was warm and friendly. While waiting for a table you can't help but stare at the dessert choices out front. I had a hard time deciding what to order because everything on the menu sounded delicious.  I went for the fried egg sandwich on foccacia and selected bacon and grits as my side items. It was really good and the flavored ice tea was a nice touch. Expect to pay $20.00 for brunch. It was a nice treat on a Sunday afternoon.
The food was delicious!
Love this restaurant!  Service is good, the locals frequent here, food is delicious and nicely presented, and their desserts.... Love their coconut cake.  Sometimes we stop for just a dessert!
Great location
Best french toast ever!!
I have been dining at Biscottis for years and have never been disappointed. This is THE best  place to go in town for rich and delicious desserts.  I never used to make reservations, but they are crowded in on a regular basis now, so make sure you call ahead as soon as you know when you'll be going.
Great place for breakfast.  Love eating at the bar or outside.  Great corn beef hash - made fresh.
just moved to jax from boston- my husband and i live in avondale near the shoppes...biscotti's was our first restaurant to try in the area and it was fantastic...we ordered the pizza with duck and the skirt steak salad...both were great.  we had a nice bottle of wine and split the bread pudding for dessert.  reminded us of restaurants in boston so we were happy to be there.  we also had our newborn with us and the staff was friendly and accommodating.  we also happened to go for breakfast on sunday...with the baby we were up early and so was bisottis...great food at a great price.  thanks!
Very nice dinner tonight. We dropped in Biscottis once before for an art show and enjoyed a glass of wine and a few bites of complimentary appetizers. The menu looked good, so we decided to give it a go for dinner tonight. We opted to share a couple of appetizers and a salad and it was more than enough food. We tried the appetizer special of the night - a duck confit flatbread. It was delish. It had manchego cheese, shallot spread and figs with a nice portion of duck. We also had the crab and artichoke fondue. Also fantastic. Really good bread. For our salad, we split a spinach cobb salad. Very nice dressing on the salad and they split it up for us with no charge. We got a couple of desserts to go and they look amazing, but no room in our bellies right now to try them. Great service and nice wine list with lots offered by the glass. I guess our only complaint would be the acoustics. There was a very loud group and even though we moved into the other room, you still had to try to talk over them. Luckily, they left fairly early in our dinner, but I could see that on a busy night it might not be an ideal spot for a quiet romantic dinner. Also nice that they're opened until midnight on Friday and Saturday.
I absolutely love Biscottis! Although this is my first check in on Yelp, I have been going there for YEARS! The customer service and the quality of food are always consistent. They brew illy expresso, which tastes outstanding! The wait staff has been trained to give stellar customer service. I went in for lunch a while back during one of my migraines and i wasn't having a good day at all. The waitress kept checking on me. She was so empathetic and sweet!! The point that I guess I am trying to make is that they ALL treat the customers with such care. They're always smiling and going above and beyond to make sure that your experience is amazing and pleasant. They greet when you come in and bid you a farewell when you leave. :D What I like most about Bisottis is the fact that they make everyone feel welcome. Always great energy and smiles from the folks at Biscottis! Meadow L was my waitress this afternoon and she super fantastic!!!
Great vibe.  Intriguing,  short breakfast menu - always a big plus. Very good coffee & fantastic bloody marys. Loved the egg sandwich and fruit. Not so in love with the turkey sausage - good flavor,  a bit off putting texture. I've had better and expected better given the quality of everything else.
Biscotti's continues to be one of the best restaurants in Jacksonville for the last 10 years. They're probably best known for their amazing desserts - croissant bread pudding with vanilla ice cream being the likely best seller. I have yet to go wrong with anything I have ordered at Biscotti's. From their brunch, to their sandwiches, to their dinner specials, everything is delicious.
Had lunch here today. The chicken wrap sandwiches were very good. Purchase the signature fries and McDonalds are better. There was nothing special about the signature fries. Service was very good. I have to learn when ordering beer to make sure it is draft and not in a can. Looks like they had a good wine list. Would definitely come back for a second try.
Place doesnt need a long review. Its always tasty and service is great.  Best cake in Jacksonville period. Save room for dessert and take the "tour".  Lets just say they have a personal guide for the dessert case! Why are you still reading? Go already! Oh and bring me back some coconut cake please.
Pretty good. Wife had omelet and it was tasty. Service was a little slow but overall a nice breakfast
The best desserts in Jacksonville, hands down! I highly recommend the croissant bread pudding, also their entrees, sandwiches, and raspberry truffle iced coffee are all very good! Unfortunately I can't give a 6-star rating.
I chose the omelet and my wife had the fried egg sandwich on facaacia bread. We both chose potatoes and fruit as our 2 sides. The breakfast was very delicious.  My omelet was cooked perfectly and loaded with meat. The breakfast potatoes were awesome (no salt needed. At just after 9 on a Sunday, we were surprised to find only 2 tables taken as we've seen it packed in the evenings.  The ambiance was perfect and our waiter Dan was very attentive.  This would have easily been 5 Stars had it not been for that hair found in my wife's sandwich before she took the last bite.  We decided not to bring it up as the meal was very good.   The cooks were seen wearing hats but I'm guessing the hair may have fallen during some stage of the prep work (grating cheese, baking bread, etc.).
I'm a fan of BB's and decided to try Biscottis for lunch. I had the Thai chicken salad which was delicious, but a lot for one person. I would recommend sharing this salad unless you're super hungry. I'm looking forward to returning for dinner soon.
Not really fair for me to write a review, since we just dropped in for a coffee and a biscotti. I can say this, the coffee was excellent and the chocolate biscotti was delicious. Not dry and hard like a thousand other biscottis you have had, this one was soft like a brownie. It was a very pleasant surprise. We were so tempted by the cakes in the display case. Yeah, they looked amazing and with cake, they usually taste as good as they look. Next time. I want to give props to the staff who didn't blink an eye and remained cheerful and helpful even after we informed them that we were just stopping in for coffee. More than the cake in the case, that was sweet!
My man's motto is "Steak NOT Cake" however, getting a couple of Biscotti's cakes to go seemed to break him down....just a little.  Here's what I got: A slice of BOSTON CREAM CAKE:  A perfectly balanced slice of sweetness between heavenly vanilla & moist chocolate layers complete with the decadent, indulgent taste and texture of chocolate ganache!   And a slice of CARROT CAKE: Pure perfectiion. Biscottis.....Always the BEST!
We had never been here before. We spent one night in Jacksonville and wanted a place for brunch. I looked up other reports on Yelp and the distance we had to travel and chose Biscottis. It's located in a really cute area in Avondale surrounded by cute boutiques and stores. We only waited about 5 minutes for our table. The hostess and our server were very polite and prompt. I ordered the black bean breakfast burrito and my boyfriend ordered the seafood Benedict, both were delicious and fresh. Everything, from service, food, and appearance were great!
I recommend the brunch here. Very tasty.  I have always had a good experience with the wait staff.
Monday night post-gym and in the area and to Biscotti's we went. We followed recommendations of fellow Yelpers and thoroughly enjoyed the goat cheese salad and the red pepper soup. Soup looks like a thick pumpkin or sweet potato mash, but it has good flavor and it's covered with chives. Bowl is served with tasty sweet rolls with a pesto dollop. The salad is absolutely large enough to share, and it comes with a very generous serving of sliced red onions which were perfectly clumped for easy removal from atop the salad. The dressing is a berry vinaigrette which is quite thick and sweet, and I actually used very little since the fruit and the cheese seemed to dress the salad very well for me. They serve the dressing on the side without even asking--love it. Believe it or not, no dessert this time, which is probably why I thought this was 4* instead of 5* visit. But I need to maintain my figure, right?!? Next time...
Too long; didn't read: DESSERTSSSSSSS \(^_^)/ I want to get my main issues with Biscottis out of the way since it may just be a minor, personal issue that contributed greatly to my rating. I was really, really confused as to what Biscottis is. Is it an upscale restaurant as the price would suggest? Is it casual café as the layout and drink options show? Or is it the best brunch place in town? I'm not quite sure, and it left me with a sort of uneasy feeling. I like when a restaurant has a clear vision with a menu and atmosphere that reflects that.   That being said, the interior is very nicely done and the area is great for walking around with a significant other on a romantic date night.. I felt like my meal was very mediocre. I don't quite remember the name of my dish I ordered, but it was some kind of pasta with small beef chunks. I'm fairly sure I made the same exact dish the last time I made dinner by throwing together the last little bits of random vegetables and meats I had in my refrigerator. Nothing exceptional, but not bad either. BUT THE DESSERTS! I would definitely recommend going in for dessert with a glass of their Peach Bellini on the side. It was the saving grace of this meal. The suggested method of approaching the wide selection of desserts: Go with a large group, everyone get one dessert, and start a cake parade rotating all the desserts! We had a total of 6 desserts and I loved them all. In particular, the Bread Pudding and the Mango-Orange-Pineapple-WhateverOtherTropicalFruit Cake were delicious and I'd highly recommend trying them out.
Fabulous! Biscotti's never fails to deliver great food! They are known for their desserts (which are amazing), but their steaks have been cooked perfectly every time we've been there. Most other nice restaurants in jax consistently overcook their steaks.  Service has always been wonderful (even when we have called in orders 5min before they close.) A favorite in the Jacksonville area!
I absolutely love biscotti's! They have some of the best desserts I've had since I've moved to Jacksonville. Their salmon salad and the portobello sandwich is amazing, absolutely amazing! I highly recommend the them for either a first date, family day or just coffee and cake to have with friends.
Biscottis is safe. By that I mean, you could have a nice business meeting or lunch date here and never go wrong. What I enjoyed the most about this place is their unique flavors and combinations on the menu. I began my food journey with a bowl of sweet potato red pepper soup. The flavor was great and it was a prefect balance of spicy and sweet. For around $7, it was a nice sized portion. My girlfriend ordered one of their pizzas (around $12) and it was probably the best part of our meal. It was a shrimp and scallop pizza with a nice creole tasting cream sauce. I had the glazed salmon BLT (around $12) with a side of their biscottis fries. The salmon itself was very good so when you add bacon to that, it becomes amazing. Their fries were nothing special. They looked and tasted like fries you could get at any fast food joint. We topped it all off with a slice of mango, key lime pie. It was a giant portion and I didn't even look at the price when ordering it. Their selection of desserts was more impressive to me than the pie itself. Our meal came to a total of about $48 before gratuity. If you're looking for a fancy lunch date/business meeting, biscottis will treat you well.
This place is awesome and very deserving of five stars. It doesn't matter if you come for brunch lunch or dinner this place delivers   Great food every time.
So good! Our waiter was amazing, the entrees, wine and dessert was delicious. Great atmosphere and decor. Perfect for a date. So classy.
Chocolate Peanut Butter pie to go. After a meal and a few glasses of wine , I had to walk by the cafe to reach my car.  I heard this screaming and when I looked in the window that dam pie was screaming my name.  Well I recognize distress when I see it and immediately ran inside and liberated the slice of chocolate heaven.  Boxed and now safe in my car all I heard now was a soft purr.  But that was me.
Delicious breakfast. They have a relatively small menu for Sunday brunch but the good is awesome. The atmosphere is nice and the staff are excellent!
I have eaten here before and I absolutely LOVE their food!  It's so fresh and flavorful! For an appetizer,  I had the mozzarella bruschetta!  I have tried bruchetta from several different restaurants and this ranks up there with the bruschetta I had from French Pantry!  It was delicious!  The cheese is ooey and gooey deliciousness and the fresh tomatoes and pine nuts were heavenly! For my entree I had the ancho honey-glazed salmon BLT with pasta salad!  Oh my goodness....this sandwich was THE BOMB! LOL!  I wanted to eat all of it in one sitting but I stopped myself because I knew I wanted to save room dessert!  The flavors of the salmon and pancetta meshed together very well along with the tomato remoulade and the pesto on the pasta salad was perfection! Last, but certainly not least are the desserts!  Homemade daily by their pastry chef, Biscottis offer a wide variety of decadent cakes, pies, and tarts!  I had the German chocolate cake and it was so good!  My colleagues had the Oreo cream pie, and croissant bread pudding.  I sampled them both and will definitely be purchasing my own serving next time I visit Biscottis! I have absolutely no complaints what so ever when it comes to Biscottis!  It may very well be my new favorite place!  The New York Times Sunday Travel ranks Biscottis as one of the top 4 places to dine in Jacksonville and I couldn't agree more. For more pics and full review highheelsgoodmeals.blogs…
I ordered catering for 25 people and the food was ok, although the oriental chicken salad had mostly dark meat chicken and very little lettuce.  The chicken overwhelmed the lettuce.  What a waste of too much chicken people never ate.  Also, they brought 25 styro cups with lids with ice in them for the tea.  I had a limited space and 25 cups loaded with ice takes up a LOT of room.  It was very inconvenient.  I've ordered from them before and never had this problem.  I won't order form the again unless I can be assured the cups will come stacked and one bag of ice.
I was in Jacksonville for the weekend, visiting a friend, who had already eaten lunch. He had never been to Biscottis but had heard good things about it. We sat outside because the weather was beautiful. It was a little confusing how to get seated. Once we got seated, the wait staff was very pleasant and helpful. One thing I've noticed in Jacksonville is that it's not very vegetarian-friendly, so that was making my options very limited even at a restaurant that you would think would have many options for vegetarians. I chose the Ortega pizza and was very pleased with it. It's basically a Margherita pizza. What sets it apart, though, from other Margherita pizzas is the use of fresh mozzarella. That made it absolutely delicious. My friend, because he wasn't very hungry, had a caesar salad. He said he was unimpressed. But I would go back after the great experience I had with the pizza.
Wow! Just asked Biscotti's to add cream to the Manhattan Clam chowder- which they were happy to do.  It was spectacular!  Thanks Biscotti's!
It's always so busy and packed here. The place is quite small but it's worth it. Get the sitting outside if there is a table available on a beautiful day
Good breakfast spot! The only thing that would have made the delicious fresh squeezed orange juice better is champagne... And while it was available I opted out for a classic breakfast sans the alcohol. I had the corned beef hash with a side of cheese grits and I was a happy girl. I tasted a bit of the creme brûlée French toast and it was an A+. I'm not a local but if I were back in town is stop in again for sure!
The deliciousness that is Biscottis is hard to describe. We've eaten here several times and never had a bad meal (or desert). It's a little bit of a trek for us St. Augustine folks, but it's worth the drive for a special evening out or if you're in the area. The food is really incredible. The wait service has always been good. And the desserts... wow. Just go, and you're welcome.
Not a bad place. Its in a nice small open shopping/food town area --- kinda like an outlet. They have a special everyday and Wednesday was the lobster rueben which they run out real quick. Originally I ordered the lobester rueben, but since they ran out, I got the grilled Turkey burger with a side of ceasar salad (the pasta salad has almond and pine nuts dressing for those that has allergies to nuts). My friend ordered the carne asada pizza (9'') and my other friend ordered the skirt steak salad. - Turkey burger: was beautifully grilled and had a nice creamy hummus to compliment it. The buns were fresh and toasted nicely. The ceasar also tasted good and the dressing had a light taste to it. - Carne Asada pizza: tasted wonderful and different from your typical pizza. Instead of tomato based sauce, they had a black bean hummus paste. Beside the meat, there were pico de gallo, jalapeño, red onions and lettuce. I recommend this for those who loves pizza but wanna try it differently. - skirt steak salad: I didn't had a chance to taste this but my friend say it was pretty good and light. Not heavy at all. They also have some deserts and you can see the various kinds of cakes when you walk in. I would come here for lunch and chill. You can walk around and do some window shopping before/after your meal.
Yum Yum Yum! My husband and I went here for Saturday brunch. I was a little nervous because when we got there, we were the first ones there. However,  I think we're just early risers. Prices were so reasonable for how much food we were receiving. I loved the atmosphere and our service was fine enough. My order- Creme Brulee French toast with turkey sausage and potatoes. I wasn't too happy with my sides but they weren't awful at the same time. I also ordered a raspberry latte. His order- Breakfast Sandwich sauteed spinach, gouda cheese, and a fried egg.  All on foccacia bread. Sides were bacon and cheese grits. He added the bacon to the sandwich, He ordered a hazelnut vanilla latte. We love to share so we literally split our meals right in half. I wouldn't order lattes again but I'd go there for brunch as much as possible!
Went here on a Sunday evening for a family birthday. There were 5 of us, so I made reservations - glad I did - it was pretty crowded! Came mainly for the desserts (which are fantastic)  and light dinner.  Sweet potato soup was delicious, and so was the goat cheese salad. My son said the roast beef sandwich was the best he's ever had, and he's a picky eater! Nice night of good food - only thing keeping it from 5 stars was that the service was a bit slow - nice waiter though.  Definitely will be back!
Came here on a Sunday evening and we were immediately greeted with the the sight of cakes galore. I knew dessert was a MUST. I liked how they offered wine pairings for each of the entrees. Both the whites I had were very good. We shared the New South Quesadilla to start before digging into the specials of the night - chicken franchese, snapper, and pork chop. Everything was extremely flavorful. The pork chop was delicious too - not dry at all! Onto my favorite part, the dessert! We were told to go up front to pick our dessert. Their cakes change daily hence the lack of a dessert menu. There were at least 15+ options. Overwhelming to say the least. After ogling the case of cakes, we decided on the croissant bread pudding (house special) and white chocolate and raspberry cheesecake. The bread pudding a la mode was divine. I'm craving it as I'm writing this review. If I lived in Jacksonville, biscottis would make me very very round.
Last night my fiancé and I tried 2 of the weekly specials: Fiancé: pan seared pink red snapper The serving was generous and the snapper filet was over 7 oz. I think the snapper by itself was delicious, but the skin wasn't crispy enough. I didn't care for the pancetta cream. All the flavors from the sauce and sides made the dish a bit too salty. That was a beautiful, fresh fish who's delicacy needed to be highlighted with something lighter and fresher. The sides were delicious, but again the sauce added a little too much saltiness to the entire dish.   Me: wild mushroom risotto w/ grilled shrimp The serving was generous. I loved the different wild mushrooms in the dish and the grilled shrimp was a great addition to the dish.  I thought it was slightly too salty -- maybe too much broth? I didn't want to send it back -- I was feeling guilty after reading the Talk thread about people who send food back. I ate all the shrimp and half the dish. My fiancé decided to box up the remainder of both of our dishes. I'll recook the leftovers and hopefully try to dilute some of that saltiness from both dishes.
This place was amazing! The coffee was fabulous, dessert a must (salted caramel chocolate cake was awesome) salad was crisp and the dressings are all sold here - we tried the Caesar, Asian, and balsamic and were delicious! Please come here and taste everything!
I've been to the Riverside/San Marco area many, many times but rarely find myself venturing into the Avondale neighborhood. That changed when I finally made it into Biscotti's. While parking can be...interesting...we were able to snag a spot down the street and meander into some of the shops while we waited for our reservation. Biscottis - like it's sister BB's - was busy. While waiting for your table in the front, your mouth starts to water as the light from the dessert case hypnotizes you. We snagged a specials menu from the hostess stand and started to peruse our options for the evening. We were seated in the third 'room' at a nice corner table near a door. I love sitting in the corner because I love being able to see the whole room. I don't typically love sitting near a door, but with the warm breeze coming in from the outside it helped balance the temperature of the coolness inside. We ordered the Mozzarella Bruschetta to start. I originally decided on the Ortega pizza, but switched my order to the risotto special after our app. There's nothing wrong with cheese & tomatoes, but bruschetta AND pizza would have been a little much. The risotto was rich and creamy. The sweetness of the corn with the roasted asparagus played well with the sliced chorizo mixed throughout the dish. While the dish was absolutely delicious, I don't know if I would order it again. It was so rich and I was so full after the app that I think I would have been better off with a salad. Besides, you always have to save room for dessert when you're at BB's or Biscottis. This time we ordered the Oreo Cake Mousse. While we initially thought it was a cheesecake, we were happy with the lighter mousse and our full stomachs were too.
I enjoyed my breakfast at biscottis this morning. The place wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. All the reviews are thru the roof good and all. It didn't look like there was ever a fire. I just love the whole Riverside/ Avondale architecture thingy. The place is bigger then I thought much cooler with all the exposed brick. The food was really good with only one minor flaw. I ordered the Cajun Benedict and it was quite tasty. The only down point was my eggs were just under. I do like my yolks running and these were. I just like them cooked a little more. Oh yea and I almost ruined my dish with salt. Both of the shakers were salt and it took a couple of shakes od each to figure out. Neither of these shaker had anything black coming out. My server just kind of blew it off. I just kind of scrapped it off. I will return again and again cause the whole dish was yummylious
Simply excellent! Salmon BLT, bread pudding, Asian battered fish sticks... & an great brunch!
My 1st trip to this bustling little restraunt in Avondale, but it will not be my last! There is nothing better than corned beef hash for Saturday brunch and these folks do it very well! This was the most tender cooked savory corned beef with perfectly cooked over easy eggs that oozed into the hash with their golden Yumminess. Great meal in a very busy little place but they were very efficient and we were seated quickly and served promptly. All in all a great experience!
Best desserts in Avondale! I stopped by this past weekend and ordered the tirimisu to go. It was heaven in a box! so creamy! They also have the best iced cappuccinos here. I gulped mine down super fast. I've never had an actual meal here (it's on my 'to-do' list) but if their regular menu is anything like the desserts, I'm sure I won't be disappointed.
Here's what's great about Biscotti's: you can go there and eat relatively healthy at just about any time (if you order wisely), get an expertly prepared meal, and pay $10-15 less than you would at any similar experience across town. The menu is $$$ but the price is $$. The salmon BLT is great, as is the turkey burger and all the pizzas (the, uh, carne asada pizza is NOT healthy though). If you are there Friday for lunch, get the MOTHAFUCKIN FISH TACOS SPECIAL. those are so good, and the portion is just right so I am full but still able to move. Try getting that feeling at Lola's!  Why only fish tacos on Friday at lunch, Biscottis? I am screaming "WHY?" like Nancy Kerrigan. I also love that I can completely forget about dinner until like 8:45 on a weeknight and walk in there not feeling like an asshole, since they are open until 10pm. The only thing I wish they carried at lunch: COKE ZERO! Diet Coke in a can is the worst - can't you guys just get fountain drinks? No one likes a can.
I could write a long drawn out review explain how great this place is or just say, Its worth it. It's worth it! Especially the dessert!
On the rare occasion I crave a dessert and want the calories, I go to Biscottis. Always fresh and nice selection.   Highly recommend .
***Update*** - Try the Tropical Cake for dessert! Cake batter is made with Grand Marnier (An orange peel flavored brandy-based French liqueur.), Mandarin Oranges, and topped with Pineapple Cream Cheese Frosting!   - The Crab & Artichoke Fondue is the bomb diggety! I could eat that alone with the Focaccia crisps and top it off with dessert! -The service and atmosphere is still top notch! - I came with 2 babies and the momma's were upset the high chairs had wheels. I think that might be a hazard for a flailing baby/toddler......
I have heard many people that I know rave about this place so when a chance to try it came up, I jumped on it. I met with one of my meetup groups yesterday for brunch.  There were 10 of us and they were able to seat us quickly and with no issues.  Service was fast and prompt and amazingly correct for such a large group.  AND they did not tack on the tip to the receipt like a lot of places. I did not get to try the desserts but from what I could see, they all looked very delicious and very fattening (in a good way!). One thing I thought was odd, from my expectations, was the menu.  The menu seemed limited to me.  Maybe 20 items, at best.  Even the brunch menu that comes out on Saturday and Sundays seemed rather ordinary compared to what my expectations were.  But maybe that is all on me, thinking such a popular culinary delight would have more to it. I had the seafood benedict but since i do not like poached eggs, they scrambled them the way i liked them.  It was rather tasty though I could not finish it all since I had 2 delightful mimosas beforehand. I will be going back another time, during the week, to give this place a real honest try.  I hate writing off places quickly without a 2nd chance.  I am going to go ahead and give it 4 stars because I do feel a lot of it was my expectations holding it back.
I really did not expect much from this place, and that was really unfair. The service was actually spot on albeit a little slow, and the meal was tasty. I think the simple language on the menu really does a disservice to the presentation prepared for us. My biggest gripe has to do with the $3 charge for splitting an entree. It seems unnecessary. We got around that by simply ordering an app for me, an entree for him, and having them brought out at the same time. We swapped halfway and then chose to get dessert elsewhere. Decor seems to be mostly made up of local artist putting their wares up, which is always great to see. Everything was crazzzzzzzzy overpriced and most was not to my personal taste, but still fun. There seems to be a little too much hype for this place, as I probably won't ever be back, but I always love a dog friendly patio. That alone solidified that 4th star.
We came here for our last dinner of our spring break trip.  I am so glad we did. Someone in my group got the sweet potato soup - it was delicious. Get it! I had the chicken romesco pizza and crab artichoke fondue. I would pass on the fondue next time but the pizza was delicious! I really enjoyed the smoked almonds on top. Then the desert portion came. Four pairs got one desert each and we all shared so we could try as many cakes as possible. I think my favorites were the bread pudding and the orange cake!
I had the veggie focasia. It was very good. The blue cheese dressing for the salad was excellent. Nice atmosphere . Thoughtful food. Slow service. Has kind of a ladies lunch place vibe. Blue hair and all
This place is the cutest.  Stopped in for brunch over the weekend and instantly liked it.  Upon entering, you are greeted with a dessert counter with some of the tastiest looking desserts I had ever laid my eyes on.  Upon being seated, we ordered mimosas.  I really enjoyed my mimosa as it had a strawberry on it and the strawberry scent really made the mimosa a party in your mouth. A couple people at the table ordered the shrimp gumbo, which was very nice.  I went for the salmon salad.  It was a large portion and a very refreshing salad.  Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu.  I would definitely recommend Biscotti's brunch and would love to come back to try out their dinner!
Easily one of my favorites (if not my very favorite) restaurant in Jacksonville. I have never once been disappointed by the food or the service here. Be sure to plan on ordering dessert, the cakes are insane. Your best bet is to let each person order something different so you can get a bite of each type. Like everything else in Avondale, it can get busy and parking can be rough but it is well worth the hassle!
Came here for Valentines day for the first time with my boyfriend. It was a great atmosphere with wonderful service. The best part of the whole adventure was the cake. It was to die for!
I used to come here all the time from 1997 through 2000 while I was stationed, and remember the offerings were always varied and high quality, the service friendly and professional, and the dessert counter unparalleled in JAX.  The neighborhood is charming as well; lots of great little shops, bars, and restaurants.  I was flying through today with an overnight layover and decided to try it again.  If anything, they have gotten even better!  I ordered the special - sheepshead encrusted in edamame served over sautéed zucchini and plantain mash, with an appetizer of brief, strawberries, and roasted garlic and a dessert course of triple chocolate cake and cappuccino.  Delicious!  I am so glad I returned, and definitely plan to do so again next time I'm back in Jacksonville.
This is my third time eating dinner at Biscottis and it has never disappointed me. Definitely the most flavorful food I have had in Jacksonville- been here for 8 months. I am not one to like having a sandwich for dinner, so I always choose from the dinner specials. The fish dishes have always been deliciously flavorful and the side dishes it comes with have twice been something I've never tasted before and amazingly delicious. I always have a cup of the sweet potato red pepper soup, which is perfectly chunky and delicious. Looove the dinner specials here. Have had the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake and is definitely one of my favorite cakes. Looking forward to trying other cakes!
Jacksonville staple. If you ever walk in and decide to leave without getting a dessert item, you've made a terrible mistake. Their cakes are so moist and have the perfect icing to cake ratio. I'm not sure if they make it in house, but who cares. Their food menu is pretty good too, ranging in different varieties, especially for dinner.
What a great surprise for breakfast this morning. Stopped in for a breakfast after seeing the line over at Fox Restaurant. I was seated quickly and the waitress was very good. Not too shabby Avondale. I had the Biscotti's Omelet with a side of cheesy grits and a cup of fruit. The omelet came out in about 10 minutes. Fast and delicious. A truly perfect light meal. The orange juice was fresh and sweet. 4/5
This update has to deal with their desserts. After going to Black Sheep for Mother's Day Brunch, we headed to Biscottis to get some dessert to eat for later in the evening. It has been awhile since I have had their dessert. The last time I had their bread pudding which is made using croissant bread...Yummy!!! This time around I got the Bread Pudding again, along with German Chocolate Cake & Oreo Mousse Cake. Now I am a big fan of all things German Chocolate Cake. It is my all-time favorite cake to eat. Biscottis does it so damn well. The coconut chocolate filling is so unbelievably tasty. The cake is so fluffy. What I love is that they don't put to much chocolate toppings on the outer layer. I hate when a cake has a thick layer. It makes it really to sweet and overtakes the rest of the cake. The Oreo Mousse had a great taste to it. It had a nice Oreo crumb bottom layer. The mousse filling is really delectable!!! Whoever does their cakes....Bravo!!!!!
Ah Biscottis, the reason I chose to live in Avondale.  No, seriously.  I remember coming here back in 2002 and being immediately struck with its great ambiance, reasonable prices, and phenomenal food.  I told my dining companion at the time that were I to move back to Jacksonville, I would want to live close to this restaurant.  And voila.  But I digress. The wait staff here range from friendly to a little gruff, but all are professional and I've never been tempted to leave anything less than full tip.  The wine list is fairly extensive and well-priced and earns extra points for including a Sancerre on the white list and a good Paso Robles cabernet under the reds.  The Kim Crawford Unoaked chardonnay is also great if you, like I, despise overly sweet-n-buttery California chards. The restaurant features a 'standard menu' along with a selection of daily specials which are typically written up on the chalkboard on the left wall as you walk in the door.  Don't worry though, they'll bring a printed copy to your table as well.   Brunch is always a winner here, my personal favorite dish being the Cajun Seafood Benedict.  Seriously, it's awesome.  And if you're an espresso drinker, Biscottis pours the best cappuccinos, lattes, mochas, and straight espresso shots I have found anywhere in Jacksonville.   So that pretty much sums it up.  If you eat here, you'll realize why I live just down the road.  And why I have to go to the gym regularly.
Better than Wolfgang Puck's restaurant in Vegas. I had just come back from my trip to Vegas and it was refreshing to know that we had better grub in the River City. 5 times better, actually. The Sin City french toast was soggy and sad. They could definitely take a few tips from the chefs at Biscottis. It's a bit out of my budget, but I really thoroughly enjoyed Biscottis' Creme Brulee French Toast. The light crunch of caramelized sugar combined with the comfort of warm French Toast is a definite winner! Service was friendly, as well.
I was slightly embarrassed last night when my friends and I came to Biscotti's because we had no idea what kind of a restaurant it was or the neighborhood. We're out-of-towners after all. And we were severely underdressed in our t-shirts and jeans. Oh well. We stayed to eat anyway and thank goodness! The food was amazing. We had two of the pizzas: Ortega and BBQ Chicken. Both were filled with fresh ingredients to the brim and the crust was soft and crispy at the same time. We also ordered the Mozzarella Bruschetta, which is funnily enough just like the Ortega Pizza but in a different shape. But that means it is just as delicious. We swore that the tomatoes in the Bruschetta and Ortega must have just been picked from the garden because they tasted amazing. For dessert, we tried the Toasted Coconut Cake and Bread Pudding w/ Vanilla Ice Cream. Both were amazing! The cake was airy and mild which allowed the coconut flavor to shine through, but also grounded it so that it wasn't overwhelming. The bread pudding was made with croissants, which made it soft and flakey. The flavors were just amazing. The prices of each item were on point. I had actually expected a higher price based on how the restaurant looked so it was a pleasant surprise to see that it was actually reasonable. Service was average and met expectations. The only small issue I had was the awkward waiting area. Right by the entrance is the dessert display case. Quite a few people eating in the dining room were actually coming up to the display to view the delicious-looking desserts. But that's also kind of where we had to stand to wait for a table. This was honestly a very small inconvenience, though. I would definitely come back the next time I am in Jacksonville. My taste buds and stomach were very, very, very, veeery happy at the end of this experience. I'll definitely remember to be better dressed, too.
A little off the beaten path of Jax, it was a fun place to stop after a weekend spent in the city. I found the appetizer of fried brie to be the best thing, but the rest of the food was also decent. I'd recommend stopping here for lunch, as it was a filling place to get good sandwiches. The only thing I didn't like was being seated in the back corner right by an exit. Constantly feeling the Florida heat blow every time the door opened was a little frustrating for me. Our waiter also seemed uninterested in the table and concerned with other things, however, it was a busy sunday.
Was in town for work and some colleagues took me here....what a nice little strip of town full of cool shops, eateries, galleries and the like.   - Lovely atmosphere - Simply, medium-sized food menu with sandwiches, salads and pizzas - Small-ish wine list with 15 or so reds and 15 or so whites ranging from $6-ish to $15-ish.  nothing particularly impressive about the list...but it's "ok" - Salads are all delicious, generously portioned and will please even the person who scoffs at the thought of eating a salad as a meal - Pizzas...impressive, y'all! - Beer list is nice -- some unique selections -- all bottled The desserts is where I was able to add an entire fourth Yelp star.  Just take my word from it.  No menu!  They walk you to the case and talk you through the 20-ish choices.  This is a serious problem.... because you'll want it all. The end.
I was passing through Jax on a trip and found Biscottis via Yelp while looking for a good place for breakfast.  There is plenty of indoor seating as well as a few outdoor tables to choose from.  The weather was nice, so I ended up eating outside.  Service was prompt and the staff was friendly.   I got the Creme Brulee French Toast: the top of the french toast had a texture much like breaking through the crust of a good creme brulee.  It was very well cooked and did not need syrup or any other extras.  Like many of the items, it came with a choice of two sides.  I chose the turkey sausage and fresh fruit.  The sausage was nothing special.  The fruit side had a good variety of fruit which was fresh and very tasty.  My only regret is that I did not sample some of the goodies from the dessert case inside the store.  If I return to the Jax area again anytime soon, I plan on returning to sample some of the deliciousness they have on display in that dessert case.
Our office Christmas party was held at Biscottis on Friday afternoon and it was just delightful.  The atmosphere and quality of service, and taste of the food could not have been any better.  There was 24 of us, seated in the dining room with two long tables covered in table cloths, and set up so very pretty when we entered.  Our menu, which had been chosen by our "party committee" was very good.  Our choices were pizzas, salads, sandwiches and soups. My choice was the Thai Chicken Salad on a "field of greens", with mango salsa, and oriental (peanut sauce) dressing. It was served with a most delicious roll with a most unusual flavor, warm & soft. Our choices for dessert was chocolate cake or cheese cake, My  choice was the white chocolate raspberry cheese cake --- delicious, and a very big slice, it was so good, I made myself eat every bite, there was no way I wanted even a crumb to go into the trash can.   The only thing I did not like was the iced tea; I usually enjoy almost every flavor, but theirs just wasn't as good as I expected.  So, in the future I'll just stick to my usual water or fruit juice, and be better satisfied. I hope to be able to take my mother out on a special luncheon during this Christmas season and if the food and service is just as good then, I will have to give one of my rare 5 stars. Reading the reviews of their breakfast dishes, I want to go back and try them too.
I would rate this place 4.5 stars if I could, but since they had such great service I will round up to the 5!  Went in today for lunch and got a great seat by the window.  I had the carne asada salad, which was not only amazing, but also very filling.  I barley had room for dessert, which based on Yelp I had to try.   I got the pineapple cheesecake, while it was great, it was very rich.  I only made it about half-way through before I gave up in defeat, I will be back though!
There are long waits for tables with no where to stand. The food is amazing but expensive.  I had a steak salad and it was wonderful but not a lot of food for the price, in my opinion.  Average pricing was in the $20s but could easily go over that per entree. The overall feel of the place is classy yet pretentious. The best part, desserts.   For $8 you can get a piece of cake (go for the red velvet!) that will last you a whole week of desserts.  I think it is priced well but you get SO, SO much!
One of my favorites in the Jacksonville area - especially since it's in the Riverside neighborhood, which I love visiting when I'm in town. I recommend starting off with the baked brie. The delicious, warm cheese is served with fresh roasted garlic, bread that melts in your mouth and strawberries. Per the waiter's suggestion, I ordered a cup of the sweet potato-red pepper soup and my boyfriend tried the white chicken chili - both had really nice flavors and were pretty hearty. If I'd ordered a bowl, I could have done the soup for my meal. Since I only had the cup of soup, I ordered the goat cheese salad as my entree. The generous helping of goat cheese came coated in a sunflower seed mixture on top of a heaping bed of greens, blueberries, strawberries, and red onions. Definitely an excellent, fresh salad. I also tried my friend's Thai chicken salad and my boyfriend's skirt steak salad. I liked both, but suggest asking for the dressings on the side as it is a heavy serving. Wish I'd had room for dessert, but after all the holiday indulgences I just couldn't splurge. Oh, well, I'll just have to go back again! Note that Biscotti's does not have a full liquor license so don't try ordering a bloody mary!
